I LOVE fast Mexican food!
I had such high hopes for this place.
I'm trying not to comment on the ridiculous wait for a fast food Mexican joint since it's only been open  2 days.
But we waited 35 mins, we wanted it that bad.
We ordered the Pollo Asado and the Machaca burritos.
SO disappointed.
They were tasteless and unsatisfying.
Pollo Asada: -Boiled Chicken wrapped in a flour tortilla -No flavor -No other fillings -Measly amount of chicken  Machaca: -Onions, green bell peppers and shredded boiled beef -Flavorless beef -Measly amount of filling.. more tortilla than filling  We won't be returning anytime soon.
So sad.

I stopped in yesterday to pick up a take-out menu and ended up leaving with a chicken & bean burrito enchilada style in my tummy.
I thought it was delish!!
Great salsa too,  although they could have been a bit more generous with  the chips.
I think they gave me 6.
Don't expect anything fancy since they serve everything on styrofoam.
I will go back again soon to try other items....

I'm excited to finally have a casual and affordable place to eat in the hood!
I walked up there this morning for a delicious chorizo burrito and I wasn't disappointed.
The person working the register was very friendly and actually funny too.
I will say when I've been there in the past they've seemed a bit scattered but not this time.
Just hoping they'll stick around a while.

Stopped by with my husband for breakfast burritos the other morning.
Nice and clean taco shop, loved the menu board so easy to read.
Good burrito, nice salsa bar with decent salsa.
the side of refried beans were luke warm at best and still a tad crunchy so that was a bummer but we will try this place again.

We think it's perfect for what it's meant to be - an inexpensive but quality Mexican place.
We have been there about 4-5 times to dine-in, and we will be going there anytime Grandpops is in town.
I can not confirm that I have been there to pick up a carne asada burrito right before they close.
The salsa bar is nice - between the 4 of us we have to make 3 different combinations of salsa.
We would give it 4.5 stars if we could - had to give it a 5 to balance out the others.
It's family friendly - small dining area - can only seat around 25-35 people.
Definitely a family owned place, which is a plus in our minds.
They are closed on Sundays.

This is a good little place to stop for lunch or breakfast if your in the mood for Mexican food and near the intersection at 67th and Happy Valley.
It reminds me of some Mexican "dives" I enjoy in Tuscon but it's a new place, not a dive but their food taste like it's made in a dive, so it's a "new-dive"...
This is a locally owned place with a different spin on Mexican food than the usual.
I've stopped by a couple of times and I like their breakfast burritos and their Carne Asada Chimi's.
Their chorizo/eggs/cheese with green chili sauce breakfast burrito is very tasty and huge!
It's almost too much for one person... Their shredded beef tacos are a bit bland and they use shredded cheddar cheese (as stated above, they have a different spin on the usual Mexican food, cheddar cheese on tacos = not a good time nor good eats).
Their salsa is good but taste and looks like the salsa at Caramba's.
After you get past the overuse of plain shredded cheese and the stryro-foam plates and cups it is an A-OK place to eat.
I will probably go back to try other things like their specials.
They have "Tortas" on special this week!

Went there in search of a good breakfast burrito.
I found one.
Food Price was decent for what i got.
(Ham, potatom cheese breakfast burrito) The girl behind the counter was friendly to both myself as well as my 3 year old.
The only negative thing I have to say about the food, is the hot salsa was on the mild side, but then it could just be my taste (or lack thereof)  Opt for water, as the soda price is too steep.

I had been passing by this place since it opened a few months ago and after a late night of work decided to stop in for some food.
I have to say that this is the blandest food (especially for mexican food) I have ever had.
I walked in about an hour before close and they were already closing their debit machine and I had to wait for it to complete before paying, no big deal, and the girl up front put my order in right away.
The price was OK and they did have a nice liitle salsa bar, but over all the food was not good.
I won't be going back.

I really wanted to like this place.
The food is ok, not spectacular.
The prices for main dishes is reasonable.
We've been twice and both times my wife had ordering problems.
She prefers her enchilada in a flour tortilla and they absolutely refused to do it.
The second time we decided to get Chimichaungas.
We asked them to be enchilada style and they wanted an additional $3 for that...That seemed out of whack.
They finally agreed to do it for a dollar.
Also, if you eat in you get free chips but not if you take out.
So that became an argument.
The chimi's had decent flavor but lacked filling.
I would agree to under seasoned food.
Though we probably won't return I don't think it is awful.
Hopefully they will read the comments on here and make some adjustments to price.

Have been several times in the past few months.
Favorite thing so far is the taco salad.
Had the daily special today of chicken tacos with rice and beans with drink.
Loved the chicken.
Nice and spicy, not bland and boiled.
Always clean, always fast, always friendly.
Will be back.

two and a half stars, but I pushed it up because they have Thrifty ice cream and that reminds me when I was a kid growing up on 12 street and Northern always going for a $ .35 cent cone.
I like the atmosphere and the set up but I am not all that impressed with the food.
I have been here twice now and nothing grabs me to come back (except the ice cream).
I ordered a enchilada, taco, & tostada plate today and the food was just average.
I didn't even eat the taco, I wish the meat had more flavor.
The beans and salsa are also a test of a good Mexican place and those to was just average.
The tostada was the best on this plate.
I hate to not be a fan since this is the closest Mexican joint near my home but I sure wish I could crave going there.
After the owner was nice enough to contact me I will try it again after I meet him and ask what he may recommend for me.
After that I will most definitely re-review Mi Familia.
Thank you Jim.

Great breakfast burritos and strawberry enchiladas.
I had the bacon, egg, cheese and potato burritos, while my fiancee had the egg, cheese and potato burrito.
She found the burrito to be a bit tough on her stomach, but I had no problem.
I would do t he breakfast burritos again but pass on the strawberry enchiladas.
The strawberry enchilada was decent, just boring and a little soggy.
The breakfast burrito was satisfyingly large and delicious.
The place itself was relatively clean and super casual (we took carryout but ordered in-store).
There were a variety of drink options available for self-serve with free refills - soft drinks, "red juice" and horchata.
There is a salsa bar with various salsas and pico de gallo.
The salsa options can be packaged to go, as well!
There are a few flat screens in the dining area that were broadcasting the news and sports while we were in there.
Pretty rad!
The service was as expected at a sort-of fast food spot.
Nice enough, no frills.
Oh, and as mentioned... they offer Thrifty Ice Cream!

Great breakfast burritos and horchatas!

I've been wanting to visit this place for some time.
Always pass by it and finally did today and it was sooo worth it.
I know these Mexican food places are hit & miss in the north valley.
There salsa bar was great.
The hot salsa is very flavorful impressive.
I knew this place would if been pretty good when I saw a grandma in the back cooking.
I had two tacos rice a beans.
There tacos were shredded beef tacos and the beef was pretty good and the rice was true Mexican rice.
The beans were a little salty but still pretty good stuff the cashier guy was supper friendly and the restaurant was very clean and authentic for being in a strip mall.
Go check it out!
I'm picky about my Mexican food and this place was pretty good.
I like to see them around long term so go visit!

I like this place.
It is not your typical localm casual mexican food restaurant.
Their food is super fresh, inventive and they have some healthy options.
I like the salsa bar as well.
In a neighborhood with few options that aren't chains, I like supporting local business.

Great family owned place!
They are all sweet  and the food is really yummy!!
Oh yeah, they even have Thrifty Ice Cream!!!

Yaaaay!
Mexican food a less than a minute drive from my house that isn't Taco Bell!
=]  My brother lives in Tucson, so when he came up for student holiday last time, he went to Mi Familia.
He really, really liked it.
Which is a lot to say since my brother is picky about his Mexican food.
I was personally tired of Filiberto's and Taco Bell makes me queasy, so I stopped in to Mi Familia.
I love this place =] It's cute and close to home, and is family-owned!
What better way to support our neighborhood than eat at a family owned business to keep them going and to stop the chains from taking over?
I like the burritos and the salsa bar, and will definitely be taking my friends in soon!

Very good food.
Great selection on their menu.

This place is meant to be a small, family owned, strip mall, Mexican restaurant.
It does that very well.
It is not the best food you will ever have but it is darned good!
I typically go here two or three times a week and recommend it regularly to people.

Bland and slitely overpriced.
This is what I would expect Mexican food to taste like in Canada.
Also, with your meal you get a tiny helping of chips, seriously there may be 10 whole chips in the basket.
If your in a pinch I would go across the street to Taco Bell!

It's a little bland and Americanized for our taste.
It's not bad by any means, but not great either.
The self-serve salsa bar is good, but unfortunately it's also necessary to give the food any real flavor.
Even though it's the closest Mexican to our house, we probably will drive farther for better food.

I wasn't expecting downtown Phoenix Mexican food, but was looking forward to a good burrito.
Highly disappointing.
Tortillas were cold/crunchy, burritos were mainly tortilla.
Maybe it was grocery day for Mi Familia.
I'm almost sure the taco shells are made before hand and then sit until someone orders a taco.
"Salsa bar" was pretty cute.
Salsa was watery and bland, too much pepper & not a lot of substance.
If your going to offer chips & salsa, deliver.
We got a small 3 inch in diameter Styrofoam bowl of maybe 12 chips.
Del Taco does better.

Best pico de gallo salsa I've ever had.
But it is now limited to 4 little containers per take out regardless of how many items you purchased.
And the containers are smaller than before too.
:(    But the food is great, the girls at the counter are usually very friendly, and the food comes out relatively quickly.
I really like their daily specials, especially the Tuesday taco specials.
I wish menudo would last into the evening (they could always serve the leftover the next day I would guess).
But it runs out by early/mid afternoon I guess.
One time they gave me the wrong item, but they corrected that on the next visit.
Wish they had free chips to go, but only free chips if you eat in.
They have a very big menu selection.
I have yet to try breakfast though.
Regular prices are a bit high in general but I try to get the specials of the day or splurge now and then.

If the owner reads Yelp:  Dear Owner,    Fire your counter staff.
I think they're terrible.
I'm assuming they are your daughters/family because I cannot imagine them lasting very long at any other restaurant.
They seem rude, disinterested, disorganized, slow, and immature.
They don't seem to give a darn about the reputation of your restaurant.
Even if the food was 5-star quality, I would still not return because of the counter staff.
-Darlene P   Now for my review:  Unless they change their ways, DO NOT EAT HERE.
I really, really wanted to like this place and patronize a local restaurant.
We live very close by and were hoping this would be our go-to place for Mexican food.
Been to this place 3 times, all of them for takeout and all of them either bad or mediocre experiences.
First time I walked in was their opening week.
I was the only one at the counter and the girl behind the counter was writing something and didn't even acknowledge me for a minute or two.
She wasn't super helpful when I asked about menu items.
I brought home a chicken burrito for my husband and a chicken chimichanga for myself.
The burrito was cold, dry, and bland.
The chimichanga was warm, but it was also dry and the meat tasted burned.
It looked like normal cooked chicken, but just tasted really burned.
It was as if they had burned the outside of a whole chicken really badly, but just cut off all the blackened parts and still served up the meat that didn't look burned.
It was weird.
We shrugged all of this off as opening week issues and decided to give the place another try.
Again, we really really wanted to like this place.
When my husband went another time there was a line at the counter to order.
While waiting in line he noticed that the counter girls were really slow to acknowledge the next people in line, even though the girls themselves weren't too busy (they were checking their phones and nails, etc, between customers).
They were slow to take orders and even had trouble taking orders, like they couldn't keep track of whether the customer had said chicken or beef and had to keep going back and asking.
When the finished orders came through the window, they mixed up whose order was what and kept giving out the wrong things.
When my husband got the food home (tacos) it was just okay, nothing great.
The last time I went was one of the WORST takeout experiences I've ever had.
There was a line and, again, it was slow moving.
There were only about 6 people before me, but I waited in line over 10 minutes just to order.
When I finally got up to the counter I was not acknowledged in a timely fashion (even just a "Hi, With you in a sec!
") would have been fine.
After another couple of minutes, I ordered two combination plates and an order of mini chimis to go.
She said it would be about 10 minutes.
There were no seats at first and hardly anywhere to stand, so I had to stand near a trash can and almost blocking the front door for 10 minutes.
Then finally a table opened up and I waited another 10 minutes.
By this time there was no line and it seemed I was the only one waiting for food.
I was getting annoyed now and was about to inquire about my order, when I saw the counter girl look toward me, seemingly realizing that I was still waiting.
I then saw her turn to the kitchen window and heard her ask the cooks about my order.
I could hear them talking and it sounded like they had lost my food ticket.
Seriously!?!
She searched around and found it.
Then she turned toward me and shouted across the way, "Did you want chicken or beef mini chimis?
"  I could not believe it.
This was more than 20 minutes after I had ordered them and been waiting!!!
She offered no explanation or apology for having me wait longer, just spoke to me as if I had only been waiting for a minute or two for my food.
After I answered "beef" she told the cooks, and my food was miraculously ready about 2 minutes after that.
Then my ticket number was called out, and my food was left on the counter.
Again, no apologies, no explanations.
NOTHING.
I was so appalled, annoyed, and angry that I didn't even want to get into asking about the poor service.
I just took the food and swore to myself never to go back....and to yelp about the experience.
Bottom line:  Stay away because of the counter staff.
I get the impression they couldn't care less about the customers.
The food, which I find to be cold and/or bland or just okay, isn't good enough to overcome their horrible service.
Such a shame because I would still occasionally go for decently priced "okay" food if I actually liked the service and atmosphere.

I was so excited that a Mexican food place was going in so close to home!
However all three times that I have tried it, the food has been awful!
Although I have several complaints, my biggest is that the food is incredibly bland, the salsas are terrible, and they do not even have a true red chili sauce.
If they could learn to make a breakfast burrito like Rolando's, I would be there every week

Love the green chili burrito.
#34  Update:  they have expanded their space.
They now have a bar and table service.
They still have some things to improve, but our family visits here frequently because we like the food.

If I could put zero stars I would.
The food is horrible and the staff is so slow and unfriendly.
If this place is family owned, a family who can't cook should not go into business.
From the fake cheese to the canned meat, this place is just plain gross!!

Don't waste your money here!
You will get much better food and service at Taco Bell across the street.

Agree w/those who knock the service, girls are dim at best rude at worst and slow UNLESS you go for breakfast then it is a totally different place.
The lady at the counter was very nice, appreciative, prompt and professional.
Food is OK but close and inexpensive so we go occasionally.
Won't ever be our first choice for dinner but good for breakfast burros.

Used to love this place when it was small.
Now that it's bigger, Prices up, servings reduced.
Daily specials gone.
Taco Tuesday costs more per taco now.

UGH!!
so disappointed!!!
I've been here a few times and enjoyed it for the most part....but since expanding it....they seem to have hired on more staff that is just TERRIBLE.
we had a to-go order that i asked my husband to go pick up.....i ordered the pollo fundido with a side of rice.
my husband came home with something that looked like a burrito with a little pile of wilted lettuce on the side.
okay fine.....restaurants screw stuff up....i've worked as a food server for most of my 20's to know that it happens sometimes.
so i got in my car to take it back and ask them to right the wrong.
THE GIRLS AT THE COUNTER ARE JUST AWFUL.
i got all kinds of excuses about how she was typing when i called in my order and that's why she got it wrong.
whatever girl....just fix my food so i can get home.....now that i can't eat with my family.
she forgot to add rice to my order and then acted like she was doing me a favor by telling me she wouldn't charge me for it.
good thing.....cuz i didn't bring my wallet or purse.
i sit down and wait for my food........it shows up like a minute later.
NOW that's great service.....i thought.
i grabbed my bag and headed out the door.
I left thinking that the order was right.
They wouldn't dare screw it up twice, right?
WRONG.
i got home to find my pollo fundido covered with COLD sauce and unmelted shredded cheeses.
the whole thing was ruined.....cold.....unedible......it's fried.....i wasn't about to microwave it.
so i called the restaurant at this point instead of driving up there for a third time.
I got the same girl that screwed up my order in the first place.
"oh....sorry about that.....but you can come back in for a free meal another time.....but let me get my manager to make sure we do that"........a couple of minutes later......."yes ma'am.....our policy is that when you come in you can have a free pollo fundido".......what?
how is it free at this point?
you still haven't fixed my unedible meal at this point.
it's not free......and what if i don't feel like pollo fundido next time?
"sorry ma'am.....that's all we can offer you"   O-kee-dokee.
i asked to speak with the manager (Erika).....she then tells me the same thing the counter girl had told me.....not willing to fix the problem for customer satisfaction.....on top of the fact that she sounded even younger than the shrew working the counter.
at that point....i was done.
all the reviews about the girls working the dining room are correct.
they were all standing around while i stood there waiting to talk to someone about my order.....looking at me....then looking away......i mean....how about a "is there something i can help you with?
"  i doubt the owner reads this.
i have seen a few responses to yelp reviews....but usually only thanking people for good reviews.....so i'm sure this will disappear into the abyss of internet reviews......maybe after you have to close your restaurant due to your staff's inability to have attention to detail in YOUR family owned establishment......maybe then you will read these and understand what happened.
it wasn't the food......the food is usually pretty good....enough to keep me going back a couple of times previously......but your staff.......tsk tsk tsk......such a shame.
how about you teach them to check the food before it goes out?
ain't that hard!!

Rather boring dishes without a lot of flavor.
Not terrible, but in a city full of great Mexican food there are better options.

Food is ok. Service not so much.
I ordered a pint each of beans, rice, and salsa and was only given a half pint of each.
Disappointing.

Poor service.
Food is ill prepared.
Rude staff.

We have dined here a few times during happy hour, and it's always busy.
The service is decent, the food is very affordable (there is nothing on the menu over $8.00!
), and they have a full bar with decent specials.
The salsa bar is fantastic!
The food is pretty bland, but for the price I can't complain.
The dining area is pretty small; not a place you want to go with a large group of people.
There are TVs so you can catch the game while enjoying a drink with friends.
They are open everyday for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Overall, it's an okay place, very close to home.

The family run atmosphere is nice.
I like the food and it is a nice change from the fast food types in the area.

Green chili burro was really good!!!!
The tamale was not!!!!
The girl that took our order only screwed up 3 times but that's what you get for cheap food!!
Have gone on a Friday night and the bar was packed.

Everything is served on Styrofoam plates and "to go" stuff.
Even you silverware is plasticware.
That's what we hate, but the breakfast food and the regular food is good.
Not too many menu items, just your standard food.
Worth a shot if you need something quick or to go.
Always better than Taco Bell or Del Taco.
If you want close, fast, cheap, no frills Mexican - then this is your place.
Lots of Bar flys though.

The only thing I recommend here is the Chimichanga, and even though it is good, there is no sauce on it, which contrasts much of the great mexican styles in the area.
Do not expect the best walking in here.

Horrible, Horrible, Horrible!!
We drove by and saw a bar and tvs.
We thought, lets try them out.
We ordered a margarita.
It was so bad, we had to add a packet of sweet n low to them.
It was still un drinkable.
The menu doesnt describe anything so you have no clue what youre getting.
I have an out of state licence and the bartender looked at it for literally two minutes.
Two sips in we asked for the bill and left.
We were too turned off to even order food.
Oh, and the chips and salsa?
A joke.
Salsa is pure water and the chips are salty and stale.

A fun place for happy hour with a neighborhood bar feel.

Every time I try this place I'm disappointed.
Food is bland and never has enough seasoning.
Come on its Mexican food.
The pricing is a joke and overpriced.
I tried to order 3 burritos so first the pricing says $5.99 for a burrito.
I think that's normal but it comes with meat, cheese, and cabbage and any options are an additional $1.00 each or more.
Whatever happened to a supreme burrito?
They don't offer it.
They want me to build it for $9.
I let Mi Familia know that I was taking my business elsewhere.
Too bad they're right around the corner from me.
I went to Caminero instead, where the Mexican food tastes true and they don't nickel and dime you on everything.

This is a nice little neighborhood mexican food place that beats the nearest competition - Taco Bell - hands down.
Most days, you pay prices that are what you would pay at any take out place that isn't fast food, except on Tuesday - Taco Tuesday is great!
I'd take one of their tacos any day.
The place is cute and always busy during happy hour.
There is an area for sit down service and then an area for take away.
Not a huge menu, but a variety of types of food under each category - tacos, burritos, etc.
Add to this, breakfast service, and no wonder its busy.
Salsa and chips are tasty.
Add some hot sauce to anything to spice it up.
Service is good - mostly young people who play around a little, but get the job done.
I appreciate the fact that this is somebody who appears to hire high school kids so they get some job experience before the real world.
It's close to home and quick.
Who cares about what the food is served on.
If you want fancier - then drive further.
Or, take it home and eat it on your own dishes.
Its a good little place and I've been more than once.
Oh and on this last Taco Tuesday - fed two people with a soda for under $10.00!

We love this place!
I go here for taco's and rice & beans for breakfast when I'm all hungover.
The food is so much better than "Fredirico's" ..and who wants to eat there anyway??
Staff is real nice, they have a cool bar and flat screens with Direct TV..not expensive..Good Mexican Food!

Delicious margaritas!
Love the Taco Tuesday specials, although it gets pretty busy in there.
I'd recommend this place for anyone living in the area!

Been here a lot   Mostly because there are no other bars in the area.
Food isn't this places strong point   Also it's way over priced   However the service is really good   Except when it isn't.
Seems like there are a few great waitress and counter persons and some younger girls that don't belong in the business.
My wife and I live in the neighborhood and just about every one we've talked to has pretty much the same sentiments about this place as we do.
Too bad!!
It could be a great place and a real moneymaker but somebody is dropping the ball

Great little neighborhood bar.
The food is great and service is prompt.
Can't beat the fact that it's walking distance from my house!
It does get pretty loud and cramped for space on weekend nights though as they regularly have a DJ and I have even seen a band play one night.
Still, great little cantina.

So bummed!
I lived in this area when Mi Familia first opened.
Then I moved to other side of town for a couple years now most recently I bought a house in back in the neighborhood.
One of my first stops was MF since I always loved this place.
I was surprised to see they expanded.
Then I placed my order and was hugely disappointed.
I ordered rolled tacos and a combo and it was 20 bucks!
Really??
I opened the Styrofoam container and inside was another small container with the beans.
Seriously?
How much are beans running you that you would limit the serving size?
Seems to me it cost you more for the small container then it would the extra couple ounces of beans.
That really ticked me off since I paid 20 bucks for this meal.
I grabbed a menu and reviewed it when I got home.
WAY OVER PRICED!
Im sure they're trying to cover their overhead for the expansion but on beans?
Like I said I'm bummed and will not be going back.
There are other places in the area that won't skimp on the beans.

This place was amazing food was perfect and service was impeccable Morgan took great care of us would refer this place to everyone

Typical not special Mexican food, but over priced.
Service varies from great to pretty poor.

Love everything I've ever had here.
They always have live music.
Once a week or more.
And an annual cinco de mayo festival.
Wish I loved closer!
The food is good and if you wanna stay late and have good drinks, they have that too.
TVs all in the bar for games, etc.
great place to hang.

Wow, I hope the food is good.
I came here to pick up an order that was placed a few days ago.
They didn't even start making it.
They started making it, and told me it would be ready in 25mins.
That was about 45 mins ago.
Still waiting.
Now the bonus is that I'm getting all my food for free, but so far this place seems a little dysfunctional.
I will say that Carly who was the person helping me with this issue is awesome, handled everything like a pro.
She needs a raise.
She is also major reason I'm giving this place two stars.

Ate the chicken burrito here and was stunned that my order was "complete" it felt like half of my burrito was still left behind the counter somewhere.
Felt sick after eating here which tells me the ingredients are low quality.
Cashier rolled her eyes when I asked for additional chips.
Would not recommend this place to anyone.
Taco Bell is across the street, and even though I try to stay away from fast food, next time I feel like Mexican I'll hit up the bell.

