Please for the love of God, put some more electric outlets for us laptop warriors!
Good location but not very biz, meeting friendly

Small location and kind of hidden but still your standard Starbucks.
The employees are friendly so that is a huge difference!

This is my Sbux on the way to work, and I'm so glad that it is.
I love the staff, and they always make my mornings fun.
I don't use the drive-through in the AM as I find it usually takes longer, and then I don't get the full experience.
Amber & Kelly are the best.
Thanks for starting my days off with a smile!

Small, out of the way, but still really convenient when you need a pick-me-up.
I usually stop here on my way home after grocery shopping at Whole Foods, get a shaken iced black tea lemonade - no sweetener, and the rest of my evening is calm and relaxing.
The staff are always really pleasant to talk to and offer cheerful greetings whether it's through the drive-through or in the store.

I really enjoy this Starbucks and wish it was closer to my home.
Most Starbucks are created equal as far as product goes but this location offers superb customer service.
The employee working the drive-thru is always incredibly friendly and makes small talk..a nice gesture that doesn't happen very often anymore.
Will return whenever I can for my caramel macchiato!

Slow service!!
Every time I come here my drinks take for ever.
A drink shouldn't take 15min specially when it's not busy.

The best coffee i ever had!!!
They also have great pastries and sandwhiches.

Horrible.

Great Starbucks for you early birds opens at 4:30am.
If you are waiting in the drive-thru they will even open a little early for you.

Worst Starbucks I have ever been to!!
FLAT OUT HORRIBLE SERVICE!
Took me probably ... 5-7 just to get a Carmel Frap.
One person working while the rest were standing around shooting the bull.And on top of it all, I continue to try this place out to see if maybe just one trip here will be quick.
NOPE.
The drive thru line is even worse.
For some reason the customers who go to this particular Starbucks feel like they are special because on top the horrible customer service I have spent countless minutes sitting behind a person who either has the mental capacity of a toddler or who doesn't understand the magical voice contraption to their left...(because they take forever to order)... THEN these geniuses get up the window they forget to order their favorite little side with their coffee... wow...
SOME OF US DON'T DRIVE A PRIUS.
Thanks for wasting my gas and time.

I'm a starbucks fan!
I really like going to a starbucks where the employees are friendly, knowledgable and they remember you and your drink!
The only reason why this location doesn't get 5 stars is because their drive-thru is slow.
I'm not sure if they may be understaffed for the drive-thru, but it takes awhile to move through and get your beverage.
The location is perfect, close to the freeway and in a nice plaza.

I don't know what everyone is talking about.
If you come in the early morning rush hour, it will be busy and drinks will take longer.
People want the baristas to be very quick yet welcome the customer and chit chat-- just can't be that way people.
Anytime I have gone in, the staff has been friendly.
If I am in the drive through, they try to get me out of there quick and complete my order.
You can't blame the staff for indecisive and snobby customers.
Only problem I have here is that it's usually a little dark and unwelcoming inside so I feel sleepy when trying to do homework lol.

Starbucks is supposed to be my escape from the office, so splurging for an over priced drink is easily justified.
Not this time though, the cashier and manager seemed annoyed by my presence at 10:30am on a Friday morning.
I guess they were enjoying not having any customers.
Bad attitudes with my over priced coffee is a hard pill tk swallow.

They have the slowest drive-thru ever, regardless the time of day.
I would expect an establishment close to the freeway to be a little more hasty with their service times, but I suppose that's in my own perfect world.

Seems like this particular Starbucks is always understaffed.
The wait is always forever and they often make the drinks wrong!
A couple times they handed me someone else's black coffee when I ordered a hazelnut macchiato, and of course its after I left the drive-thru that's when I found out.
How inconvenient it is to go back to get the right one.

Oh no, not another Starbucks review.
But, read on.
I come here two to four times a week, mostly to relax and have some quiet time.
If you come here often, you might find that statement funny, since there's always a steady stream of folks coming and going.
But the line is never longer than three, go figure.
This is an above average location for Starbucks, in so far that you have the space to linger, sip your beverage, snack and read a paper.
The wall spaces have a few 110 outlets, so you know who sits there.
But the beauty here are the spaces that come away from the wall, which are always free.
As others have noted, the drive-thru is a mess.
So I've never understood why more patrons haven't decided to come inside and see how friendly and inviting this store really is.
All the employees are great btw.
Fortunately most have decided to stay in their cars.
Fortunate for me.
LOL  I've found 6:30 to 7:30 am and 2:00 to 4:00 are good times to linger.
If you do, I'll be sitting at the big table near the door.
Stop by and say "hi"!
So, three and seven-eighths Stars, and yes, I am a fan.

Location is a bit too small for how busy it is.
The seating area probably needs some rearranging to be more efficient.
There is some wasted space for retail that could probably be better if it was used for seating.
In the winter when the weather is nice, the outdoor seating helps to solve the issue.
One other thing I noticed is the WIFI isnt' very reliable.
I stop by between meetings to get a drink and use WIFI and often have a hard time staying connected or using it for anything business related.

