Had a mini emergency and they got me right it.
The vet was great with my cat and the staff was amazing.
They have a great price and wellness package that I got that covered everything my cat need plus her shots when she needs them.
I will miss my old vet but this is so much closer and they where great.
If you live in the South Phoenix or Laveen area this is a great place to take your pets.

If only i can write with negative stars i would do so, check our story of frustration and save your self from all the hassle that this place offer.
This summer we got a cute maltese po, we wanted her all taken care of, so we went and got her their wellness plan, plus a whole year plan with heartworm and their ticks and fleas.
The nurse who help us when we were choic

Dr Agnew is awesome!
She goes above and beyond in treating your pets.
My hound was the first entropian surgery that she performed.
Her care, attention to detail and follow up was the best that we could have hoped for.
All 3 of our pets are treated by her and she knows each one's problems and history  even before I have to tell her.
I would recommend her to anyone and everyone.

qualified vets and techs with a lot of patience to talk to patient owners but it is well known that Banner is very revenue focused and not necessarily suggest things that are not needed but if you took your pet to a private practice you would get just as good care and pay less.

Second to last awful Banfield.
Last place is Avondale's location and just before them is this location.
Dr Lucero is awful.
So disconnected with my pet, not welcoming, and didn't treat/ check my dog for what my initial drop off was for- coughing.
She made me reschedule because she couldn't tell the difference between a reverse sneeze and coughing.
I'm sorry, but these people should know that rescheduling for something you initially Brought your pet in for is not that easy, it's expensive to have pets which means that it calls for busy jobs.
People can't just reschedule at the drop of a hat especially when you just brought in your dog for something you're concerned about- this is why we list our pets concerns in that sheet they provide at time of drop off.
Very disappointed.
Even more so, she barely interacted and showed any love to my pet while In the patient room.
She kind of had a condescending attitude rather than professional.
Ended up going back to Banfield by superstition springs mall who saw my dog first Dr- Dr Rempel.
They've always treated my pet with love and provide the best service!

