Mr. Graves is an excellent attorney.
He helped me with my trust and some other legal matters.
He really knows his estate planning.
Every year he updates me on the changes to any laws that affect my estate.
I feel much better now that I have all my ducks in a row.
His staff is very kind and professional.
They took me by the hand and helped me assemble all the pieces for my trust.
Without their help It would have taken me forever to get it all in place.
Super people, very trust worthy always available to his clients.

Untrustworthy, unethical and not worth his fee.
My personal experience and opinion is that Bill Graves in Phoenix, AZ will take your $$ but not follow through with his promises.
Mr. Graves' personal injury practice is a an overpriced under delivering circus...

I was in need of an LLC to start up my business and had no clue where to start.
I was referred to Bill Graves by a prior client of his.
I received all of the information I needed to know the same day I called the office, and they set up an appointment with me right away to help me get going .
I am very thankful I went through this law firm to help me out.
They were extremely helpful with all of my questions and I received the best customer service from the office staff.
I will definitely be using this company in the future and highly recommend their services.

You should not use William Graves (Bill Graves Phoenix AZ).
I found William Graves and his staff to be unprofessional, unethical, disrespectful and completely unorganized.
I had to go out of my way on several occasions to accommodate either William Graves or his staff.
I finally had enough when his staff was treating me with such disrespect.
When I asked to speak with William Graves I was told he was too busy.
When I asked to be scheduled to speak with him, I was told he would be unavailable the remainder of the week.
William Graves and his staff do not seem to understand who is the client.
As if dealing with the pain from my accident wasn't enough, I had to take on an enormous amount of work engaging a new attorney.
You can do much better than William Graves (Bill Graves Phoenix AZ).
You can find an attorney who truly cares about you and your case.
I plan on contacting the AZ state Bar.
This was posted on behalf of my wife.

My desire is to see that the people reading this find an excellant lawyer and get the representation they need.
I also hope that Bill Graves (william graves phoenix az) takes pause and re-evaluates his actions, personelle, and business practices.
Bill Graves response to me (posted by Jason B) implies he (Bill Graves) terminated the client relationship becuase I didnt "keep scheduled appointments or return phone messages and, more importantly, didn't follow through with things that directly affect my case.
"  If that was his (Bill Graves) intention, then my disapointment with his (Bill Graves) lack of professionalism continues.
The people that know me best would tell you I am a person of integrity.
I am very well organized.
I keep my appoinments and return phone calls when people leave me a message or ask me to return their call.
I follow the direction OF MY DOCTOR.
So, I take extreme exception to what Bill Graves has implied.
I stand by the comments I made about my experiences.
I dont make them lightly.
When someone is seriously injured in an acident, as I was, the last thing they want to be concerned about is the person/lawyer they've hired.
Your lawyer should be concerned about you.
I have that now.
I have a new lawyer and he is wonderful!
The new office is very respectful and organized.

My new lawyer is wonderful!
Very pleased I switched from William Graves.

