I don't go here often, but every time I do visit there are quite a few people in this store.
I hope this is not just me, but there is something satisfying about walking down the aisles at a dollar store, looking at a lot of crap that you probably don't need but think you do, "just in case" (insert scenario) happens.
Now, I  guess it isn't fair to say that everything is crap, because they do have some awesome things like a huge variety of gift bags, party decorations, and craft projects.
I ended up getting a decorative tray when I came here though..I have no idea what I will use it for, but dude, it only costs a dollar!

This store is great for party supplies, things that are going to be thrown away anyway.
When I first discovered this store, I thought I'd never shop anywhere else again.
A dollar laundry detergent, are you freaking serious?
SCORE!
Well, after washing with the $1 detergent, my clothes actually smelled horribly, it was gross, I had to rewash my clothes with Tide.
Toothpaste, again, it was like my teeth were dirtier after brushing.
I bought a few water bottles, they all broke the first day I took them out of the house.
I made a mental note that they had $1 pregnancy tests but after my experience with their products, who knows what type of fiasco could come from using one of their tests.
You get what you pay for.

I never used to shop at dollar stores because I figured they would be full of a bunch of useless, cheap crap.
Well, that is true for some things, but there are definitely some great deals to be found!
As other reviewers have mentioned, this store has a great selection of party supplies, decorations, gift bags and wrapping.
They have a good selection of greeting cards as well, and priced at 2/$1, you really can't go wrong.
Recently, I've been making "sensory" games and toys for my 1 year old, and the Dollar Tree is a great place to find things for these kinds of games and crafts, including pipe cleaners, pom pom puffs, and felt.
There really isn't a better place to stock up on this kind of stuff!

Love this Dollar Store!

Dollar tree has everything!
No more going hunting for party favors, last minute stocking stuffers or other kids party presents!
Fill Easter Baskets, Classroom projects, ANY seasonal or holiday needs.
Everything just a dollar.
WOW!

