I just recently moved to Arizona a month ago.
My boyfriend bought me a groupon for 4d nail salon.
Me not knowing my way around Arizona yet googld 4D nail salon and it Led me to this spa location on Greenfield and Warner.
I went inside and a gentlemen greeted me I presented him with my groupon and told him i was looking for 4D nail salon.
I asked him if this was 4D salon, he said yes.
So he proceeded to start my set of nails then i got a pedicure and then when i went to pay, I again presented him with my groupon, he then told me that this wasn't 4D nails and they couldnt except my groupon.
My total was $63.00.
My groupon was a total $51.00 in value.
I waited for the manager and told him my experience, he then told me maybe i should know my directions better.
He then told me there was nothing he could do.
When the gentlemen who did my nails was asked about the incident, he then lied about seeing the groupon and said he thought it was a price match coupon, which was a lie because that was never brought up.
So basically they tricked me into getting my nails done at their location.
I am not a penny pincher i just do not like to be tricked into things.
If i had a groupon for a different salon why would i come to this location???
Apparently this didn't make sense to the manager.
I would have to say this is the WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER HAD!

This salon has recently been taken over by new ownership and I am so impressed.
I was visiting my parents in Gilbert and my mom made me the appointment for a pedicure and manicure.
This place was PACKED, every manicurist was busy and working hard.
They have the largest assortment of gel colors I have ever seen!
This made choosing a color really fun and exciting.
The staff is great and offer you a bottle of water as soon as you get in.Very helpful as you wait and in the hot sun.
I got a lilac color and it is so beautiful,she did an amazing job.
My pedicure was the most amazing thing ever, including wax, a scrub, callus remover and a hot stone massage.
HEAVEN!
This salon is so clean, I even saw each girl cleaning their station after someone left with cleaning supplies.
This is great!
And each pack of tools came out of a sealed pouch.
I would suggest making an appointment.
They are still really new and need a few more people to help them.
They were extremely busy but did not make me feel rushed.
If I could get service like this in New York City I would be a happy camper!
I left the salon spending $30 on a gel manicure and an amazing pedicure, I couldn't be happier.

I am so excited about the new changes at Greenfield Nails.
The new management has done a wonderful job of staffing the salon with nice and talented people and the place has never looked as clean and modern as it does now.
I was a regular of the salon before since it is so close to my home, but now even if I moved I would stay a regular.
The quality and price of the services make it all worth it!
I highly recommend you stop in and check out the changes and try a service, you will be hooked too!

I was referred by a friend for a nice spa day.
I scheduled an appointment the day before and was brought in on time.
I had a basic pedicure, manicure and facial.
All the services were explained to me, but they were not pushy on selling.
They offered me water right away as well.
The pedicure was perfect - hot towels, stones, oils, massage and all!
It was recommended that I try the gel polish rather than the traditional.
I love it!!
I've washed dishes a couple of times and worked in the yard and not a single chip!
Monica did my facial and she was very sweet, friendly and informative.
She has the perfect touch for extractions and massage.
Every one was very friendly and the salon was super clean.
I'll be returning again soon!

I am very impressed with the service at Greenfield Nails.
The prices are definitely fair, in fact, cheaper than they should be!
For the standard pedicure it includes a stone massage (which I never had before, and now I love!
), different choices for the scented scrub they use, and a really large selection of colors and designs to choose from.
They also have a punch card for pedicures so you can get a free one, which is really nice.
I also get gel manicures done here, and I have no complaints.
They ask all kinds of questions so you get exactly what you want (do you prefer nail shape round or square, etc) and I haven't had any problem with chipping.
They have a crazy amount of color and design choices to choose from and the lady doing my nails told me she wants them to come up with 10 new designs every day so that they have the most options of any salon around.
Most importantly, the employees are all very friendly and welcoming, and seem to have a great relationship with each other (talking about going to happy hour after work together, that's my kind of team!
) which I think is very important.
They offer you water or mimosas as soon as you walk in, and make sure you don't need anything the whole time you're there, without being annoying.
I have had my roommate and mother try this place and they will never go to another place for mani/pedis again.

This place is AWESOME!!
I was just visiting, and my girlfriend took me here for a pedicure.
Super clean, super friendly.
Great assortment of colors.
Before I even sat down, I was offered a choice of bottled water, coffee, juice, or a mimosa!
The pedicures ranged from $20-$50, and they were well worth it.
I got the $30 Spa Pedicure, which included a sugar scrub, hot stone massage, and a deep moisturizer.
I never felt rushed or as though I was an inconvenience.
I have never gotten such a high quality pedicure, and the experience was definitely of a higher quality than in your typical nail salon.

Today I went to this Nail Spa.
New full set of nails & a Pedi.
It was really GOOD.
I'm new to the area & finding a new place is hard.
They were friendly, clean and super GOOD.
I'm a happy happy Woman!
This will most definitely be my new go to Salon!

Under new managment.
This place was great!
I have been to many many nail salons over the past years and this is by far the best.
The staff is so friendly, they speak english at all times, and they make you feel right at home.
They are very good about cleanliness - just felt right.
Country music was playing in the back ground - wow this is a first and football was on the silent TV.
Danielle and David were fantastic.
The prices are great and I will definitely be back.

Love this spa!
They are nice, attentive, kind and thorough!
Great mani-pedi!

What a great nail salon!
I stopped here today for the first time and I was pretty impressed.
Everything was extremely clean and all the ladies were friendly and helpful.
The décor was so nice and refreshing... it may seem insignificant, but I just hate when nail salons are too bright and tacky.
Best of all, my pedicure was great!
I will definitely come back here.

I was visiting az from California and decided to get my nails done here.
This place is AMAZING.
I was extremely impressed right from the beginning.
The people that work there are the sweetest ever and the salon is sooooo clean.
Their color selection is great too, they literally have every color imaginable.
The salon is so modern, the stations have built in gel machines and cell phone chargers.
It's so affordable too!
I would move to az for this place!!

I went here last night for the first time and it was amazing!
The people were so nice, it was so clean and they helped me find the right colors that I wanted.
I have been to a lot of salons in my time, but this one is the best!
I will not go anywhere else.

This place is wonderful!
Spacious, clean, and very friendly staff.
This was my first time here and they made me feel like I have been coming here for years!
There were many colors and designs to choose from so choosing a color was the only hard part of this visit.
My nail tech was Kim and she was so sweet.
She carefully cleaned and shaped my nails then buffed and applied the gel polish.
Oh and get this, each nail station has a charger for whatever phone you have so it can charge while you get your nails done!
Omg I was so happy with this haha.
I paid $25 for a Gel mani which is a great price.
It's in a quaint little shopping center, there's plenty of parking they take cash and card and right now they are currently doing 10% off pedis if you check in to yelp!
:) love this place, will have to come back and try the pedicures.

super, super clean and super nice girls.
newly renovated so everything is new and nicely decorated.
very reasonably priced as well!
I'm impressed.

After reading the reviews for this place, I knew I had to try it out.
When I walked in everyone was super friendly!!
They soaked off my old gel polish while I decided on colors.
Turns out I'm really bad at deciding when there are SO many options!
Sovanna recommended a few "fall" options to me and we settled on ombre.
She took her time and even when people started streaming in, she never once rushed through it like so many other places do.
It was obvious she really cared about how my nails would look once I left.
The salon itself is soo cute and very clean.
I will definitely return and I highly recommend it.
After six years in Arizona I have finally found my place!

I've finally found the nail salon for me!
Number of reasons: gel colors are numerous and nicely displayed instead of being handed nails on a disc, offered a bottle if water when I arrive ( every time not just when they think your a new customer), all the nail techs dress very nice and professional, they spend time on your nails-quality counts, they unwrap the sterile instruments in front of you  pedicures---they even have a plastic bag looking liner which makes me feel very comfortable in their focus in cleanliness.
And my nails today..ombré with gold sparkles for thanksgiving!

Absolutely love this place!
Great prices, great staff, nails always look great.
I've been getting my nails done for years and this is by far one if the best

I absolutely love this place.
Everyone is so friendly and they make all of their clients feel special.
The salon is IMMACULATE.
I really appreciate how clean it is and they sterilize their nail instruments.
I also appreciate that they are so gentle and take their time to make your nails look perfect.
I had a French gel mani done about 4 weeks ago and it stayed on until I went back yesterday!
They also have at least 100 gel nails options and they have a display of the colors and designs to choose from.
I recommend this place to everyone that asks about my nail!

I tried this salon on Sunday after a friend recommended, and I am so glad she did.
The staff here is so attentive, and current on product knowledge and styles.
They did an incredible job and I am looking forward to returning.
The salon was clean, and had more colors to choose from than most places I have ever been to.
I would highly recommend this salon to other friends, and already have!

Really blown away by the great service here!
Friendly nail technicians, and the owner is awesome.
They really understand how to make it an experience.
The lady that did my nails did them perfectly, and the pedicure felt amazing.
Eyebrows ended up very even and nice.
They go out of their way to ensure you're happy, which is something I've been searching for in a nail salon.
Impressed!
Also, probably the cleanest nail salon I've ever been to.

Today was my first visit and I will most definitely come again.
The ladies were super sweet.
They let us take our time picking out colors and answered all our questions.
They do SO much more with gel polish than other salons around.
They do ombre and have a huge selection of colors and designs to choose from!!
Next time ill get a mickey mouse design, too cute.
Chairs were comfy, the price was reasonable ($65 for gel and the highest priced pedi with paraffin, hot stone), & the service was great too.
Would highly recommend :)

This is my go to spot!!!
This is my second visit here and I'm truly impressed.
The quality of service and professionalism of the staff exceeded my expectations; especially on a Saturday morning.
Everyone in there is so friendly and helpful.
I came for my 9a appt 10 mins late but still they were ready for me.
They ask if you want water or coffee (with or without whip!
) when you're seated.
I say seated because they have a huge selection of regular and gel polish colors to choose from as well as many designs for your nails.
I don't mean those same raggedy, outdated designs either.
I'm talking about cute, some fancy, carefully painted designs.
I love that they have the gel colors on individual sticks and all organized by shade.
If you do your fingers one color, chances are they can match your toes (or vice versa) in the gel.
And they are so helpful with finding the right shade to match.
Their pedicure stations are comfy (even for a fluffy chick like me!
), clean and have plastic bag liners in each foot tub that they change after every client, so you know you're not getting someone's foot fungus.
Manicure stations are also cleaned with comfy chairs and your tech opens the freshly sterilized bag of tools on front of you.
Oh AND all of the mani/pedi stations have phone chargers for you to charge your phone!
Genius!!!
The waxing room was nicely lit and inviting so you didn't feel like you were waiting for an exam or a shady massage.
I had Vee do my eyebrows and she took her time to make sure they came out perfect.
The wax was the right temp so I never felt like it burned.
She even used tweezers to clean up a few hairs to make it look even.
Overall, I was very pleased with my experience here.
Like I kind of mentioned, I got a gel mani ($25+5 for ombre design), Express pedi ($15+5 for callus removal) and eyebrow wax ($10) for $60.
I think it was a good price considering the great customer service and great quality of the work done.
I forgot to say that they were busy yet still on top of things even with 2 ppl calling in sick.
Oh and did I mention that the owner/manager (not sure of his title) was in there the whole time keeping the place tidy, making sure all clients were satisfied, etc.
Where else do you find that?
Make sure you stop in here and see why they get such great reviews!

Hello to all!
Let me just remind everyone that I am a very picky person and hate spending good money for bad service!
No worries at this salon!
We had an appointment but got there early and was warmly greeted by Tom.
He got us started right away... My husband got a manicure and I had a pedicure.
The atmosphere was comfortable and inviting and unlike most  nail shops the employees weren't chatting with each other in their native tongue  instead of doing their jobs.
The pedi chairs were very comfy and they lined the spa with plastic...
Which Is such a smart thing to do... Not only for the health/germ factor but it keeps the spa looking new.
All of the employees made us feel right at home...
The water was perfect and they offered us water or coffee... And we are not talking about just any coffee...
It was Starbucks coffee which tells me they spend a little more for the comfort and happiness of their clients!
It is rare that I am able to really relax during a pedi...
I am either distracted by the employees talking or watching to make sure they are doing it to my liking... Not the case here...
I could have easily fallen asleep.
As my pedi was going on I noticed Tom walking around making sure everything was tidy and that his clients were enjoying their experience .
My husbands nails looked great as did my pedi and we both left feeling refreshed and definitely pampered!
Will we be back?
You bet we will!
And we will share our experience with everyone!
In fact I will start getting my nails done here too!
If you have read any of my reviews you know I RARELY give 5 stars...
But Greenfield nails deserves each star!
Keep doing what you are doing because it works!
Thank you for a wonderful experience!
So...
If you are reading this you must be looking to be pampered... Don't walk...RUN!
Go now... No time like the present to treat yourself!
And remember to live each day as though it were your last and enjoy!

Well this is my new favorite.
I called at about 4:30 on Valentines Day to see if they could fit me in before they closed.
The receptionist, Tom, was very nice on the phone and made me an appointment for 6pm.
I got there a couple minutes early and Tom brought me water and made sure everything was awesome, and they started with me maybe 2 minutes after 6.
The spa itself is very bright, clean, and updated.
It doesn't smell super chemically like some salons, in fact it smells pretty fresh.
All the chairs are comfy and new.
I was there for a shellac manicure and a pedicure.
They have a HUGE selection of shellac colors, and have them all painted on acrylics so you can actually see what they look like.
I wish I could remember the name of the girl who worked on my nails, but she KNEW what was up.
She asked what I wanted, I said "Ummm..." And she said "ombre?.
" She knew.
She totally knew what she was doing, did exactly what I asked, and communicated super well.
I was running short on time, and asked if I could change my pedicure to just a polish change.
I was concerned there may be some resentment that I was opting for a lower-priced service, however this place is NOT all about making money like some places that sneak a design on your toes and then tell you it's ten dollars more.
They were totally understanding and then time efficient, respectful of my plans but still taking extreme care to do a perfect job on my nails.
In the past, at other salons, I've felt that my nails were getting a half-assed job because I wasn't getting acrylics.
This is not the case at Greenfield Nails.
They took great care of me and my nails now LOOK like acrylics!
I'm seriously stoked about them.

This place is Awesome!
Love, love, love!
Highly Recommended

Wonderful Nail salon!
Great service - the girls are wonderful as is the manager.
Attention to detail was impressive.

Not only is this right next to my house but it also has amazing prices and great service.
I had a man doing my acrylics (I forgot his name, my bad) and he was very nice and got the job done quickly and beautifully.
Compared to others their prices are very affordable and they do a better job than some of the more "high-end" salons.
Now, I just have to get accustomed to texting, typing, and putting in my contacts.

I went on a Wednesday after work.
Probably will make an appointment in the future.
There's a reason they were busy.
Nice pedi.
Jennifer & Lynn were great.
Lots of fun.
The chairs work well.
I liked that the foot tubs have disposable liners.
They have tons of good colors & gels too.
I felt like I was hanging out with my girlfriends not a stuffy over-priced spa or a drive thru you-get what you pay for pedi.
This place is a hidden gem.

Very nice group of ladies!
They were able to get me in on a Thursday evening for a gel manicure and pedicure.
It was my first gel manicure and they did a beautiful job with a gold ombre.
The polish stayed on for almost 2 weeks without chipping.
I will be happy to revisit for my future mani/pedi needs.

New to the area and looking for my new nail salon.
I found it!
They have so many colors to choose from and I was encouraged to look at even more they just got in today.
The colors are arranged via color palette.
Each is swatched onto a fake nail by color and all you have to do is pick one and they do the rest.
One color I chose was reacting strangely to my awful home mani with no base coat orange nails and she got up to get a different color but I still liked the original.
I was greeted and offered water right away.
The manager was so polite and friendly.
I chose a neon pink for my toes.
The same she had on.
I like that she took the time to talk to me and thanked me for my business.
My technician Nikki was so sweet and nice.
I like that they talk to you instead of acting like you don't exist.
I can't stop staring at my bright neon pink toes.
I will be back.
My gel mani isn't bad either :)

I would highly recommend this nail salon.
I used them for a girls' wedding spa party and they did a fabulous job.
They are the only nail salon I've ever seen that lines their pedicure tub basins after scrubbing them to make sure people don't get infections.
They create amazing designs and they make the customer feel important.
I have had multiple nail techs and each one of them is friendly and highly skilled.
I showed them a picture of what I wanted on my toes and they recreated it with no problems.

Went here based on other yelp reviews, I was not disappointed.
Scheduled an appointment for four girls to treat mom on Mother's Day, the service is great.
Good selection of gel and regular polish.
Clean environment & decent prices.
I will definitely be going back.

5 stars hands down.
Could probably be the best nail salon in Arizona!
This is the first place that I've found that has nail technicians that actually speak English well, so it's easy to communicate with them and tell them exactly what you want.
Everyone here is super friendly too, esp Lin!
She's my new go-to girl because she does an amazing job, and just an overall great person to have a conversation with!
The salon is clean and professional, and offers many colors for paint!
I get the gel manicure every time and they last me for weeks!!!
No chipping.
And If they do chip or if you are not satisfied with your nails, you can go back and they will fix them for you free of charge!
The designs they can make are beautiful and artsy--I'm always getting compliments on my nails!
Show them a picture and they can re create it, they're extremely talented.
Basically...Greenfield Nails is my favorite nail salon!!
I recommend it to anyone :)

My first time going to this spa and I love it!
The customer service exceeded my expectation.
It's a far drive, but from the many salon location near where I live I will defiantly take the time to go to this location.
My main core in a salon is cleanness and customer service.
Kathy was very friendly and knowledgeable about the product along with providing me clear answer to all my question.
I would recommend making appointment as they seem to have consistent customer.

I chose this place because of the reviews and because it is 5 minutes from my house.
Cathy or Kathy did a great job on my gel manicure.
I love that the person working the register personally thanked ever single person for leaving a tip like it was for them.
Will definitely be back.
Thanks!

I totally get why this place is five star.
I'm so hesitant to even add to the ones already raving about it because I'm afraid it will be so popular I won't be able to make an appointment!
First let me tell you, the people are the real jewels of this place.
I have never encountered so many incredibly welcome and friendly people.
They are just beyond nice about everything!
Everything!
I love that!
By the way, the best part about this salon is they NEVER speak in another language, ever.
It's English the whole time.
I cannot begin to tell you how refreshing it is to get your nails done without the paranoia that comes with that BS.
The service here is so top notch.
I went in and had to have something special done to my nails and they did it so well that I couldn't believe it was a fill!
They looked brand new!
David, who of course is all mine, is a magician!
I normally like the same person to do both my hands and feet, because if they do hands well it stands to reason...but, David had another appointment and they asked Christina to do my nails.
What a funny, bright girl!
She had me laughing the whole time!
Loved!
She's also fabulous at pedicures.
My feet looked gorgeous!
I'm so happy that I found this place, it's the best I've literally ever had!

This place is the BEST!
I will not go anywhere else.
Everyone is so nice and they are perfectionists.
I usually always see Victoria and have never been disappointed.
Go here you will love it :)

Well, let me just add another 5-star review to the pile.
I was a walk-in at 3:30 on a Sunday and despite being *super* busy with appointments they were able to accommodate me after just a short wait.
Not only was the wait short, but the owner?
or someone who seemed in charge came over and talked to me not once but TWICE to tell me what was going on and how much longer it would be.
My pedicure tech was Michelle.
She is a new tech and she was AMAZING.
She took her time with each stage of the pedicure.
I had never had hot stones before and I *love them.
*  I will have this with every subsequent pedicure here.
The prices are amazing, the staff is better than amazing, and as long as I can get an appointment I will never go anywhere else!

I decided to give this place a try based off the incredible yelp reviews!
And sure enough it was amazing!
I had to wait a little bit but was given a exact amount of wait time which is rare!
My nail tech did a fantastic job and I will stop my search for a great nail salon!

I went in on recommendation of my friends to see Savannah or Victoria.
I went trying to decide what type of manicure to have.
I have the gel liquid with shellac top coat and color.
I was advised, a gel manicure would not be as much.
The lady was very informative, and gave me good advice on polish.
I did not see one of the ladies recommended as I was originally going to have a gel liquid back fill, that they do not do.
I sat with a guy instead.
The gel was put on well but he made my nails different lengths.
The colored tips were also different sizes and are crooked, as the we're painted at an angle.
I would go again because they were All, so nice and only spoke English.
but I would try one of the ladies, originally recommended, to see if the color, tip and length would be better.
Update: called the next day and Savannah fixed them.
Much better.
Not the best I've had but my nails are even.

This place is always very friendly and speaks English to each other.
The nails designs are wonderful and creative and prices are perfect.
I love sovanna!
I highly recommend them if you live in the area.
I will always come here with girlfriends :)

I had been looking for a new nail salon after my old standby switched management and went downhill.
Stopped in here based on the great Yelp reviews.
Well, I found my new salon.
Everyone was super friendly and had great customer service.
My nails looked awesome and really enjoyed my tech, Linh, who is the owner's sister.
I especially appreciated how they took off my previous gel manicure gently.
I have been other places where they totally damage my nails.
Just made an appointment for Saturday and bringing my Mom.
Looking forward to it!

Relocated from Glendale to Gilbert and had been procrastinating finding a new salon out here since I had a spot out in Glendale.
Looked into yelp and Greenfield's nail and spa was the top rated on here and let me say yelp wasn't wrong.
The staff there is super friendly, mani and pedi is awesome can't complain.
Gentlemen walking down the aisle making sure all the customers were doing ok or needed water.
Even got eyebrow wax and the young lady did a good job cleaning and re shaping them.
Found my new spot

I had never been here until now.
My best friend scheduled an appointment at 1 for pedis for the both of us.
I was a little late and they waited happily and patiently for us both to be there so we could go together!
Everyone is SO nice and they all speak amazing English so don't worry about having any mess ups :) love this place and I will definitely be back!!

I have been going to Greenfield for about 6 months now and I just love it!!
It's definitely a nail salon that cares about their customers.
They all speak English here and have people of different ethnic backgrounds too.
No matter what idea or pic I have from Pintrest,  they always make the time to do exactly what I'm asking for.
Christina is awesome and makes it so comfortable to say when I want something a different way and she's super honest (and funny :) )  I'm a customer for life!

This place is wonderful.
So clean and friendly.
Each soaking tub has a plastic disposable liner so you know that you are getting a sanitary pedicure every time.
Lynn was excellent and really listened to what I was looking for and gave wonderful suggestions on color & design.
By far the best pedicure I've had in the valley.

This is my second time here, and I wish I could give it 5 stars.
It's my own fault for not making appointment.
I showed up at 10am for a gel mani / pedi.
I didn't leave until 1pm.
3 hours!!!
The lady who did my pedicure gave a great massage but didn't dig under the nail at all and was far to gentle.
I had to wait longer for Savannah because the ombré I choose she was the only one who could do it.
She was wonderful!
All the ladies (well most of them) are fabulous!
So upbeat and funny!!!!
Next time I'll make a appointment so it doesn't take 3 hours.
Love this place!

I wanted to treat my out of town nieces to some great pedicures, as they don't have anything of the sort where they come from.
Everyone here was great and made it such an exceptional experience for them.
Gals here are a blast!

