Finding a stylist is hard.
My budget dictates that I color my own hair (single process, I really can't afford $60+ every 4 weeks for my gray coverage) and Shannon is completely supportive of that.
Her staff are really professional and nice.
Shannon gave me a very manageable cut that compliments me and my style.
She takes the time to make sure I know how to style it and encourages calls with questions if I run into trouble (not sure how much trouble a hairstyle can cause, but it's there nonetheless).
She doesn't shove products down your throat, she'll tell you what she's using but is not put off if you skip spending extra and buying your products elsewhere.
Once she gets the skincare part of the business underway, I imagine I'll be visiting more often and give that final 5th star.
Great job Shannon and Staff!

I highly recommend this salon if you're looking for a haircut in CG.
I've been seeing Torri Bruno for a couple years and she is absolutely the best.
One of the best parts of each visit is the incredible scalp massage she gives while washing your hair.
She is very talented and can give you the exact cut you desire.
She also calls to remind you of your appointment a couple days before, as well as offers complimentary bang trims between cuts.
I would also recommend Shannon, the owner.
I have had haircuts by her in the past that were equally as satisfying.
The salon upholds a professional attitude while being very inviting, friendly, and accommodating.
The salon is also CLEAN which is something you will rarely find in CG.

I  don't often write reviews because I feel that good customer service is a necessity for every business and I rarely feel that someone has gone above and beyond that to make sure I'm happy.
I moved to CG 10 years ago but I had never found a hairdresser that  could give a great cut with affordable prices.
When a friend recommended Chay I tried him because she raved about him.
I'm hooked!
My hair has never looked better, he's so talented and extremely sweet!
He is fun to talk to, treats me as if I'm his only customer and even accommodates my busy schedule!
The best part is that the cut is only $25 so, you can afford to tip well or treat yourself to some product!
If you're new to CG or fed up with mediocre customer service, you better go see Chay!
You're worth it!
I wish he could style my hair every day!

Super friendly and fun atmosphere with professional service!
Chay started coloring my hair back in November.
I have been back twice and I don't plan on going anywhere else!
I look forward to my appts for the social aspect as much as I do to have my hair look great!
Nothing but compliments on my hair color.

I am here in town for a couple of months and found myself in need of a haircut.
Of course I turned to Yelp to find the place to go for a haircut here in Casa Grande.
After reading the reviews about Studio 3 Beauty Designs I decided to make an appointment.
Giselle at Studio 3 gave me an awesome haircut.
I am so sad that I am only passing through or she would be my permanent go-to stylist.
Listen to the other reviewers and do yourself a favor and book your next appointment here.
I am so happy with my hair and saw many other patrons leaving with very stylish haircuts as well.
Thank you!

