Go here to get your teeth poked.
Super nice dude in North Scottsdale -- he works with my eight-year-old, my wife and me.
Nice office, nicer staff and good location.
Plus, massaging chairs!
What?

I went to Dr. Miller because I went on a new insurance plan that my previous dentist would not accept.
My boyfriend is a patient of Dr. Miller and he likes him, so I decided to go.
I was having tooth pain on a tooth where I had a crown.
Turns out I needed a root canal, which Dr. Miller performed.
It was my first root canal and I was a bit apprehensive, but Dr. Miller and his staff did an excellent job.
I had very little pain after the procedure, and one Aleve took care of it.
I will definitely continue seeing Dr. Miller and recommend him to all.

I hate dentists!
However, Dr. Miller is so nice and personable and has a tender, soft touch that I don't mind going to see him every six months when I have my cleaning and check ups.
He also doesn't try to sell you more services or stuff that you don't need.
His staff are all so nice and welcoming and helpful, making one feel at home and they truly care about you as a person.
I'm having some crown work done next week so I hope and I know that Dr. Miller will take good care of me...

I've been going to Dr. Miller for over 5 years.
He is hands down the greatest dentist I have ever had.
He is knowledgeable, experienced, technologically advanced and compassionate.
Everybody who works in his office is very caring and friendly.
I confidently and highly recommend Dr. James Miller.

OK - I admit it - I HATE THE DENTIST!!
So getting me to go to the dentist after ___years, was an adventure for my other half.
(He's been very happy going to Dr. Miller for about 3 years; they met playing adult hockey.
)  Dr. Miller talked with my other half spoke about the procedures and first trip was uneventful.
(While Dr. Miller deserves most of the credit - the other half did provide moral support throughout the process!!!
)  Xray's, some basic cleaning and Zoom whitening.
I survived, and the staff was so thoughful - they knew I had bad experiences in the past and all checked on me.
Travis was great on the whitening; talking to me through the entire process.
Two weeks later - I went BY MYSELF!
This time, a deep cleaning and three caps/bonds to even out some chipped teeth.
All good - the deep cleaning did not even hurt and I was very apprehensive.
Again, whenever I got a little nervous and needed to take a break; Dr. Miller stopped and let me do so.
He's a very thorough, but thoughful and caring dentist.
The staff is wonderful - Linda, Michael at the reception desk and the office is very modern and clean.
(The massage chairs are nice!
)  My teeth look and feel great.
Whenever I mentioned a "rough spot"; Dr. Miller polished it out - he did not complain about my sensitivity and the fact that I really needed some extra polishing - I suppose I have a sensitive tongue/mouth.
I talked to two of my other "Yelp" friends who also did not like the dentist and all are patients of Dr. Miller.
While we all still hate going to the dentist (Basically, we all had bad experiences as kids/young adults.
), we all agree that Dr. Miller is THE BEST DENTIST we have gone to.
I'll be back in three months for a regular check-up.

Being new to the valley I really did not know how to find a good dentist.
I went to Dr. Miller specifically because he had such great reviews on YELP.
I am so glad that I went to his office.
The staff is so warm, friendly and caring that you truly look forward to seeing them.
As for Dr. Miller, I can not say enough about what a great dentist he is.
After so many years of dreading photos and not wanting to smile, he gave me a wonderful reason to smile.
I have had so many people comment on the difference and tell me how great I look.
I really appreciate all he did for me!

Dr. Miller and his staff are wonderful.
Someone at work originally recommended him as he took our insurance and my whole family has been coming ever since.
His entire staff is wonderful, but Travis and Lisa are my favorites.
Always friendly and truly caring.
And, they really get to know their patients.
Highly recommend!

It's been over six months since the procedure.
I wanted to give my teeth a generous amount of time to settle as much as possible so I could give a fair review.
Hopefully the details here will help educate others so they can have a better outcome than I did.
The Situation: I had two molars with large, old metal fillings that needed to be either re-filled, or likely crowned.
I had no pain, no infection, no bite issues, perfectly functioning teeth, just needed to be replaced to prevent future issues.
I was going to go with traditional crowns.
But my boyfriend had gone to Dr. Miller about two years ago for Cerecs, the "one day" ceramic crowns.
They are supposed to save precious tooth structure as they are really bonded onlays instead of wrap-around crowns, and supposedly don't require the shaving down of the tooth that traditional crowns do.
I called Miller's office and got a consultation.
He was very high on the whole Cerec technology and so, did not discuss any downside to the Cerecs.
I decided to give it a try.
The Procedure: Cerecs are NOT like traditional crowns.
You are permanently bonding ceramic material to your tooth, so it has to be perfect, which involves grinding out the old fillings and prepping the teeth, dusting titanium dioxide powder on the tooth surface, digital 3-D cameras, designing the new onlays with a computer then cutting the onlays in the machine (waiting time), then the first fitting, then baking (more waiting time), then fitting again, build up, bonding, and finishing.
And the material is ceramic, not porcelain like traditional crowns, so it cannot be polished once the surface is adjusted, so the surface is not smooth like a real tooth or like a traditional crown.
This is important.
Between the constant pulling on my lip with various tools and the rough treatment during the grinding out of the old fillings, for the first time in my dental patient career, I ended up with a bruised and raw inner lip, badly scraped gums around the new onlays, really messy.
Because it took so long in between the first numbing and when they actually bonded the final onlays (he overbooks), I had to be numbed up twice.
FOUR HOURS after I arrived at his office, he was finally done.
In pain and pretty shaken up, I was wisked up to the front office and promptly seated in a chair and asked for my credit card.
No, "how are you?
" or "how did it go?
" I think they didn't need to ask as I suspect they already knew that it didn't go well.
The Outcome: After the first adjustment is when the severe jaw pain started.
Miller said that he would do "whatever it takes" to get the bite right.
I came back a second time and found out what he meant...he started grinding down the teeth AROUND the crowns, including teeth that were no where near the area he worked on.
Then my bite was REALLY off.
I told him to just stop.
Why was he grinding down my other teeth when the only things that changed in my mouth were his two crowns?
He pronounced his crowns as "perfect" so it must be that all my other teeth are the problem?
Really?
He's a nice guy, personality-wise, but this was ridiculous.
The Aftermath: Because of the bite now being really off, the jaw muscle pain escalated to my throat and neck, along with the tooth pain.
I was referred to another dentist from a good friend who really helped me ease the muscle pain.
He did not criticize Miller, but nor was he pleased with what he saw; not the margins, the anatomy of the teeth (they are almost without any edges for biting), nor with his grinding down of my good teeth around the crowns.
"It's not like a haircut" he said.
"They won't grow back.
" And because Miller made the margins too wide between the Cerecs and my natural teeth, and because the Cerec material cannot be polished, the gum tissue will not tighten around the crowns.
So, I am very limited on what I can eat since if I chew on that side of my mouth, everything gets jammed into the margins and shoved up into the gum tissue, causing bleeding and pain.
I have to chew most things on the left side of my mouth.
I wish everyday that I had found my new dentist before all this mess and that I had gone with traditional crowns.
The Bottom line: I would love to say that my experience at Miller's was great, and that I'm glad I took a chance on him and the Cerecs, but it was a nightmare that continues today.
I have a permanently messed up bite now, huge margins that fill up with food and are causing gum bleeding when I floss, with pain that may never go away, and rough teeth with almost no anatomy.
There is nothing I can do now because they are bonded (unlike traditional crowns), and my insurance will not pay to re-do crowns that are less than 5 years old.
As for the positive reviews on Yelp, keep in mind that they are either years old and/or they are not for Cerecs.
If I had done a simple cleaning, I'm sure I would be singing his praises too.
May you be blessed with a gentle, competent dentist.

