As a San Antonio native, I grew up on Church's chicken and am still a reluctant fan although it hasn't been the same since it was bought out in 1989, first merged with Popeye Chicken, and began operations out of New Orleans.
Subsequent  corporate buyouts were by AFC Enterprises Inc. ( Atlanta),  Arcapita, Inc (also Atlanta).
and it now appears to be operated, at least internationally, as "Texas Chicken" out of New Jersey....of all places.... wasn't that a Pace's salsa TV ad?...
"New Yawk City!!!
I stayed loyal after they dropped the pineapple fried pies from their  menu back in the 90's.
Recently they stopped providing honey packets; damyankees don't know about fried chicken.
It used to be cheap too but is now  "competitively priced".
It still has good fried chicken and is the only fast-food place I know of in greater Phoenix for fried okra.
It beats hell out of KFC, even their "normal" fried chicken.
Honestly, though, I now mostly go to El Pollo Loco although their chicken is grilled.
If there was a Pollo Campero on the East Side, I'd be there before Church's now.
I'd rather give my business to a Guatemala group than a New Jersey conglomerate that flies under the "Texas Chicken" false flag.
Pollo Campero's chicken is about the same and cheaper.
Oh, and avoid the corn-on-the-cob at Church's ...it is soft and soggy.
Be sure to ask for honey and pineapple fried pies, I always do, maybe they'll get the message.

It's like watching an episode of "Cheater's"  Or listening to talk radio.
Or peeing out by the dumpster because it's quicker than finding a bathroom.
Or going through the medicine cabinet at my friends hou...perhaps I've over-shared!
But you get the idea.
It's a guilty "pleasure"...OK, I'm not sure "Pleasure" and Church's really go together (unless you really like rolling around in chicken fat, like I do...oop's!
over-sharing again!
)...more of a guilty "thing"  At any rate, I know I shouldn't, but there are times when only a bucket (or in Church's case, a box) of greasy fried chicken will do.
And when that happens, well...it's Church's instead of the 11 herbs and spices that theoretically go into KFC (or Kitchen Fresh Chicken...or Kentucky Fried Chicken, or whatever the hell they call themselves these days).
A bunch of people showed up for dinner tonight and Church's is the go-to for that kind of thing (at least it is when they all suggest I cook and I say "thanks, no" and they give me the "eeew" face when I suggest pizza).
As the consummate host, I reminded my guests that Church's:   -  Has never given me the trot's, unlike KFC...important since it's my house and me lighting a match is "optional";   - Is less expensive than KFC, since I'm buying the feast;   - Goes well with pretty much any wine (OK, I made this last one up but, I figure they won't notice once they have drunk enough of my wine)  So Church's...perfectly average "fried" chicken, for cheap low prices.
Don't even try to tell me that you haven't done it, too!

My go-to for fried chicken in the neighborhood.
There's a REASON why they're better than Popeye's -- the pieces are bigger!
Go ahead, compare.
You'll wonder what Popeye's is thinking, harvesting these adolescent chickens!!
KFC?
GROSS!!
Don't be a sucker.
The Texas Pete's hot sauce they have in packets is good and complements perfectly.
My mouth is watering just writing this!
Fried chicken with hot sauce is my gluttonous sin.
Super-sinful maneuver: take the crispy skin flap off the chicken thigh, peel off the first layer of chicken from the outer thigh, dump hot sauce on it and shove the whole thing in your mouth!
I can't speak on the other offerings, I just go for the legs n thighs.
INSIDE SKINNY :  The deal for now (April 2013) is 7 pieces dark for $4.69.

Chicken was good and hot.
Inexpensive meal, especially w/ coupons.

No drive thru at this location, but true-to-form Church's chicken.
Not the healthest for you, but the original recipe is a good fried chicken fix.
And their biscuits are the bomb.

Best fried chicken.
New coupons with great deal every week.
I used to eat it every week.
The chicken is so juicy and tender.
I wish they could have more different flavors.

