Gary is awesome.
He made the process so easy for us, from the first phone call to the end product.
We had just remodeled our son's room and our final project was building  a desk for our soon to be high school graduate.
We wanted it to look really professional.
We got these great storage cabinets that served as the base, but wanted a top that was durable, sleek, impressive, grown up.
At first we considered granite or corian.
After seeing what that would cost, we relented and decided to go with laminate.
I had my reservations about laminate, because, you know...it's what people take out of their homes to upgrade to granite.
My husband called Gary and from that first phone call we were hooked.
He came over, was super, super nice, he measured everything and gave us a killer estimate.
He came back a second time when we were all together, to show us samples of all the countertops he had.
I have never seen so many options in all my life.
And my worries about them not having the wow factor like granite, was quickly squelched.
He had samples that looked identical to granite.
I couldn't even tell the difference.
It was really astonishing.
We let our son have the final approval and he chose a really pretty light grey (that matched his walls).
Gary said they would be ordered immediately and ready to be placed in about two weeks.
Two weeks later Gary called us and said that our counters weren't on the delivery truck.
He was more upset than we were.
Turns out the color my son picked wasn't overly popular so it had to be specially made, which added a week.
The following week Gary called us almost daily to update us on his conversations with the fabricators.
He wanted us to know that he was on top of it and we really appreciated that.
We've all dealt with those company's who leave your home and you're left with this pit in your stomach, wondering if they'll ever come back.
Well Gary not only came back with our counters, he brought another guy with him.
Together they spent the day measuring, re-measuring, cutting the counters to the perfect size.
He placed the first counter and we had some reservations.
They weren't quite to the end of the cabinet where we wanted because of the way the underside was made.
I thought, "oh great, I'm gonna have to look at this uneven spacing forever.
" I'm all about symmetry, so I was having a little panic attack.
My husband mentioned it to Gary and poof!
He and his buddy got out their tools and voila!
They were perfect.
Just EXACTLY the way we wanted.
They did it all in one day too.
He said, because you had to wait, we are not leaving here until this is done.
Who does that??
We were so impressed.
When he was finished we had these amazing countertops.
I cannot tell you how impressive they were.
They made the room and we had some cool stuff in the room already.
But this desk is by far, the best thing ever.
Gary and his team made our vision come to reality, all the while being completely smooth and with a beautiful end product.
If you're considering laminate, and now I can honestly say I think you should, call Gary!
He'll treat you right and you'll be impressed by the quality, selection and end product.

We cannot be happier with Gary and Installations For Less.
We are currently on our second project with Gary.
On our first project Gary took down a pony wall in our kitchen and replaced the dated almond colored laminate with beautiful new laminate.
The pony wall became a counter height sitting space.
His crew was efficient and professional.
The price was more than reasonable.
Home Depot and Lowe's could not even compete.
Based on the first job we recommened Gary to two other friends.
They were also very happy to update their countertops at the price and quality offered by Gary.
We have since bought a new home.
One of our first calls was to Gary to get the countertops redone.
Within a week of closing he had his crew in the house getting the job completed.
Again we could not be happier.
In both projects Gary personally drove to the East Valley to measure and prepare estimates.
Once was at night and on a Saturday due to our schedules.
He returned on another Saturday to review samples when we could not make up our mind on a color.
He has been accomodating to complete additional work such as the pony wall and removing cabinets in the new home to replace with a desk height counter for a reasonable cost.
I look forward to calling Gary again when we are ready to update the bathrooms.
By replacing your counterops it feels like you have a new kitchen.
I would recommend calling Gary.
You will be so amazed at the quality of his work for the price he charges.

BEWARE!!
I got an estimate from Gary at INSTALLAIONS FOR LESS to have water stains removed from my marble countertops.
Prior to getting the estimate I pointed out to Gary the water-marks that I wanted removed.
On the scheduled day Gary sent a third party over who applied a chemical to 'shine/polish' the counter.
The counter did shine but there was absolutely no lessening of the water marks.
We assumed there had been some misunderstanding on the part of the contracted worker and assumed that we could clear it up later with Gary.
Not so!!
Once paid, Gary then told us that he didn't intend on removing the water stains and they, in fact, CANNOT BE REMOVED!!!
Do not use this company!!
They may also go by the name CABINETS AND COUNTERTOPS.

I met with Gary and he gave me a very reasonable quote to replace my 42 yr old counter tops and told me he would "hold on " to the measurements of my kitchen.
After about a week I decided to go to his business address.
I was super impressed to see that the tops are actually made right there, local made, right here in phx  phoenix, az arizona.
I placed the order on the spot.
Within 48 hours the tops were installed, and they look GREAT.
Just a fantastic positive experience.
I would recommend them highly

I love my counters and loved my experience with this company!!
Great to work with and the installers were nice and helpful the day they were here.
:) the pricing is strait forward so there are no surprises.
Great company!

Called in today as I had a small broken 8" piece of 70's era formica that needed fixing.
The man who answered the phone (owner?
Manager?
I kick myself that I can't remember his name!
) helped me in every way.
Not only did he explain how it would be better for me to fix this problem myself, he gave me the name of the company where I could find the color and buy the part I needed and explained in detail the process and materials I would need to complete the job.
He saved me a boatload of hassle and money.
Next time I need countertops, this place will be my first call.
Any company that is willing to direct you to the proper way to do things rather than just the way that benefits them is a company worth supporting and doing business with.
Thanks.

