I have been going to New World Nails for about two years now and have never had a bad appointment.
I usually walk-in and the longest I've ever had to wait is 10 minutes.
The spa pedicure is amazing and they do a perfect job with waxing.
Plus, they have a bonus points system where you can earn free money towards services just by signing up!
LOVE this place!

I have just began going to this nail salon on a regular basis.
I have been there 3 times now.
They are always very nice and happy to see me.
They do a great job on the nails and their customer service is amazing.
They always have something to watch on TV and even go so far as to ask what I want to watch.
They also offer water or soda every time I'm in there.
Additionally, like the other reviewer mention they have a reward program.
For every dollar you spend you get a point.
After a certain amount of points you get credit (Ex 100pts = 5$).
This is a great nail place- as I have been to many, I think this place is one of the best!

LOVE this place!
I have been here probably about 2 times now and it is my new nail place.
They are always very friendly and get me right in.
I especially love the gel nails that they have.
They lasted about 3 weeks for me.
I also love the rewards program that they have, were for every dollar you get a point.
After so many points you get so many dollars off.
I love a good deal!

Clean, fresh and excellent staff!

Very, very nice atmosphere.
Worth the drive from S. Phx to head west for really nice people to take such good care of me and make me feel like a pampered VIP.

I have been here a few times.
They give average length massages, are great with pedicures and I enjoy relaxing while I get my pedicure so they let me relax in silence without it being awkward.
I have had a manicure from them and I was semi pleased with it.
First glance, my new sparkly red nails looked perfect.
I was admiring the shine on the gel when I realized she had missed some spots on the sides of my nails.
That is the MOST ANNOYING thing ever.
Turned around and had them fix it.
That has also happened with a full set I had asked for...
The white tip wasn't crisp and all the way across my nail.
Also, she got glue under my nail and I dealt with it for two days and went back to tell them to file off the glue.
Perfect place for pedicures.
Love the hot rock massage.
I did not love the older woman who did mine and was distracted and ended up pausing her hand with the rock on my skin.

I have been going here since I have lived in az (3 years) they do great work and are always very friendly.
I love the rewards program.
Who can complain a free pedicure about every other month?

