Yup five stars!!
Charles and his associate B (my apologies for not properly hearing his name) came out to my place after my AC stopped working on me.
They analyzed the problem on my 30+ year AZ unit let me know the good news and the bad.
The good news was that it was the motor, the bad news was that they did not have the part on their truck and would have to order it.
I was immediately heartbroken as I had already survived almost 48 hours with no AC, but I figured  heck what was another 24 hours.
Well Charles worked his magic because he as able to get the part for me the same day and came back after doing a service call to personally take care of my old AC unit.
After much tugging, blow torching, you name it to get the rusty bolts and probably nails off, he was able to open up the AC unit and replace the motor and put everything back together again.
Now Tada!!
My air is blowing the lovely cool air that I remember thanks to Charles and his associate B!.
You guys as well as the rest of your staff are the best.
Thank you so much for taking suck good care of me.
You went above and beyond and I am forever grateful!

Just had these guys out not even an hour ago.
Very rude, very pushy, tracked mud into my house and left the front door wide open when I went to show them the thermostat.
I have 2 cats, leaving the door wide open was not cool.
These guys treat you like you're an idiot, I told the them the thermostat was on they didn't believe me, so I showed them.
One guy told the other to check the filter, I told him it was clean, it had just been changed, he didn't believe me.
I called and complained after I had them leave, the woman on the phone actually told me it was not their responsibility to close the door behind them.
If these guys told me they had a checklist they needed to follow, I would have understood, they did not tell me this, they just kept trying to push past me into my house.
When I saw they had left the door open it was the last straw.
Common courtesy would have been to put something over their boots so as to not track mud in my house and to close the door behind them as they entered.
This was actually the second time I have has this company to my house, the first time they didn't fix the problem.
The first time they were here, they didn't need to check the filter.
The first time they were here, the guy just kept opening the door and walking into my house without knocking, I have never had this happen with a repair person before.

My home warranty policy sent these guys out to my house to look at my HVAC unit outside since the motor kept overheating.
Jeff was great.
He was straight forward, no bullshit, to the point, and very honest.
My repair window was between 6-8am and he showed up promptly at 6am, diagnosed the problem, got approval from the home warranty company, made the repairs and was out by about 6:45ish.
If you're looking for someone to sugar coat things, you probably don't want Blue Ox but if you need someone to tell you like it is and cut right to the problem to get it solved in a timely manner, these are your guys.
I have already recommended these guys to a close friend of mine within minutes of them leaving and would recommend them again.
Life's tough, Phoenix is hot, and Blue Ox fixes your air conditioning.

I had Blu Ox out twice from my home warranty.
I was not upset with the warranty, i was upset with the lack of concern the ac guy gave.
Yes my contractor was late and he did not have to stay to wait to look at the unit.
He did ultimately wait but made me call the contractor three times while waiting.
The contractors' truck had the gas siphoned so he had to get gas and push his truck to the gas station mid route.
The AC guy said there is nothing wrong with our unit and I am used to Gas Ac systems which are better.
After he left I asked the contractor what to do, he said it's a home warranty they never want to do anything.
A few days later our heat does not want to heat so I called my warranty again.
They sent the same guy back out.
I think he was frustrated because he was called back out and had to drive from Glendale to the East valley.
He showed up again, i had a list of questions from an AC friend, so he knew he had to be on his toes.
He answered all the questions.
He was kind of rude telling me to be quiet while he is doing a trouble shoot.
I understand I had questions, he knew that I have people that were trying to help me.
It was implied that i know people, why wouldn't he go above and beyond trying to figure out the issue.
He left shortly after maybe spending 10 minutes total on the diagnosis.
Today the system was not working again.
I call my warranty to complain saying I refuse to let Blue Ox back in my home.
They said they can send a senior tech out.
I told the gal that he was a 20yr plus veteran with AC you can't get much more senior.
She gave me a closer company to my home.
Eric came out with a different company, looked over the inside air handler, the outside system, gauges, wires, you name it.
He did find the Defrost board was bad.
The Blue Ox guy did not even take the time to look at the attic.
Eric with the new company said home warranties are good when you get good people.
You may just need to call in and ask for someone different to do the job.
Eric said the new board could be a few hundred dollars maybe even $600.
I paid around $400 for the warranty.

My home warranty company selected Blue Ox for my AC repair.
The repairman arrived during the time window that I was given.
He was professional and quickly diagnosed the problem and made the repair.
My thermostat had failed.
He then checked out the system to verify the repair and check that there was not another problem as well.
I am very satisfied with the service.
The only part I found less than satisfactory was that it took a full 24 hours to hear from Blue Ox to set up the appointment after I called the home warranty company.
It could be a delay by the home warranty company or with Blue Ox, I do not know which.

They just put a complete new A/C system in my Rental condo.
They showed up on time.
They did what they said they would do.
Very professional & very competitive price wise.
Great job.
I will use them again.

Charles was great.
He made several late trips to our home, and took on an obvisiously difficult repair.
He always came when he said he would.
Was always on time, and was reasonably priced.
The service was perfect.
Thanks Charles.
Tino in Phoenix

they installed a new AC unit at my home, very well priced compared to the other AC people I was dealing with.
Charles installed the new AC unit very quickly and it works great.

This is a story about a home warranty nightmare.
This company was set to my home; a home which has been without AC, in Phoenix, in 108 degree weather for about two days.
Just for starters, got the typical window of 12-4.
At 4:10 I got the call that he was on his way and between 20-30 out.
1 hour, 5 minutes later he shows up.
He does he typical stuff with my roof AC unit.
45 minutes later he knocks on the door asking for a check for the service call.
A long blank stare ensued.
Even longer.
It continues.
Finally I ask if he is going to tell me what's going on with my unit.
More of a blank stare followed by, "it's shorted out, you need to get it replaced.
"  Replace what?
How long?
Any short term solutions?
Nothing from him.
After a vary odd conversation he tells me the compressor is out and that I will need to get with the warranty people to decide how they want to fix it.
After explaining to him that I thought that was his job, he basically gives me the, 'neh' and leaves.
I'm now 24 hours removed from the service call and still without AC because the tech never delivered any report to the warranty company.
They left numerous messages, as have I, as did my wife.
Not a single reply.
So, it will be another couple of nights in a hotel with my wife and one year old child because this lazy-ass tech couldn't call in his two line repair report as they are suppose to do directly after completing the call.

