16 Flavors.
30 cents per ounce.
Tons of toppings, both candy and fresh fruit (I don't know why anyone would want to ruin their dessert by putting fruit on it, but whatever).
It's next to the Harkins Theatre.
Better than Mojo.

This place is my second favorite yogurt place in the valley.
The yogurt is always the perfect consistency.
They have a ton of flavors and toppings and change them all out regularly.
I hear they had a Red Velvet Cupcake Batter yogurt at one time, but they ran out before I was able to try it - bummer!
Wish they'd bring it back!
My current favorite here is the Chocolate Coconut Truffle - especially good with granola and coconut shavings sprinkled on top.

This place was good, and service was friendly.
Their fruit left something to be desired and there wasn't a smoothie option like at Mojo.
I definitely will be back at some point but this isn't someplace I'd head to if I wanted something healthy, its more of a sweet spot (plently of sweet flavors, candy add ins etc)  vs. Mojo had both the sweet stuff and a healthier fix covered.

I am soooo addicted to Yogurtland!!!
It is $.39 an oz and so good!
There are about 16 or so flavors of frozen yogurt that you can mix yourself.
They have an amazing toppings bar with everything you can think of!
If I lived closer to this place I would probably be there every night.
Love it!

Never disappointed!
Quality is always consistent and if they are low on a topping they're happy to refill it for you!
I work a couple of doors down so I'm here often.
Friendly staff!

First time in this place.
Nice staff and the selections were great.
We will go back for sure.
Tasty!

Oh happy days!
Love this place!!!
Also, if you show your ticket stub from the Harkins Theatre next door, you get 15% off your order!

I go here pretty often, I like how they switch out the flavors often, the staff is always friendly.
The only dislike is their strawberries are kinda gross at times, like soggy, but sometimes they are okay:) I would recommend to anyone who loves a frozen treat.

Well this was a spur of the moment visit after dinner and really was so much better than I expected!
A word of advise thou, watch how much you put in your cup/bowl as the total unit is weighed (toppings/mixins and all) so it could get pricey!
They had 12+ different flavors of the yogurt and tons of mixin items to make it however you like!
I really did enjoy the Madagascar Vanilla and the Mango Pineapple yogurts.

Good fro-yo!
I got the double cookies and cream but I couldn't taste the cookies nor cream.
It was basically chocolate so I had to compensate by overloading it myself with oreos.
I'm not sure if this Yogurtland didn't have a lot of flavors but I was expecting more variety.
And the middle lever is to mix the two flavors because it had me and my boyfriend a little perplexed lol.

Alot of it has to do with the location, it gets very bust at night and given the customer base- that causes it to be very disheveled and crowded.

Staff is friendly and offers sample cups.
They have lots of flavors and tons of toppings to choose from.
The place is clean and they offer free water (fresh fruits floating in it).
The teens and tweens we were with LOVES the place!!

Who doesn't like Frozen Yogurt?!
This location is great because it is right next to the Harkins Theatre in Avondale.
Since there are so many people coming in and out of the movie theatre, the line can get a bit long, but it does move quickly.
They have a lot of flavors and great toppings.
They are regularly clean and have pretty good customer service.
It's a great snack before, during, or after a flick!

This place is great!
Not only they always have new seasonal flavors that keep a fresh variety, have great toppings AND if you watched a movie that day they give you 3 free ounces for your movie ticket!
What could be better?

I wish I had a location closer to my house.
I absolutely love Yogurtland.
Anything less is dissapointing

Great yogurt, many different flavors and toppings and very cheap.The store is always clean and employees are always friendly.

Three cheers for FroYo!
Always a variety of flavors (although I wish they kept Taro around all the time instead of sporadically).
They have flavors ranging from sweet to tart!
The toppings are awesome!
Mochi, lychee, mandarin oranges, fresh fruit, these little sunflower seed things that I love!
They also have typical toppings like chocolate chips, nuts, etc etc ETC!
There is no shortage of toppings here.
It is always pretty busy with the movie theater nearby, but it's worth it.
You can catch a movie and bring your ticket stub in for 3 free ounces after the flick.
You might feel overwhelmed with all of the flavors so feel free to ask for a few sample cups!
While you enjoy your yogurt, grab a free cup of water, it's usually flavored with fresh fruit!
Enjoy!

We love coming here!
It's a good price and they have lots of flavors.
Very nice staff as well.
I love the fact that you can take your Harkins movie ticket over there and they give you 3 free ounces!

Yogurtland....my fav place to get froyo.
I've tried other spots closer to home, but always come back.
The flavors are delicious, the toppings are great, and the employees are always friendly and helpful.
I always tell people to hit up Yogurtland, it's worth the trip!

i love this place but not on the weekends.
if you want some popular toppings like strawberries I'd suggest going before 5 because they run out on busy nights.
its a place worth trying if you haven't already been before and great places to eat around it.

I love the taste of frozen yogurt.
The best ones are the pistachio and peanut butter.
I really like  the quality of frozen yogurt and service.
on weekends you dont find empty seats.

Very clean!
Nice staff.
Great flavors & great prices!
:) i highly recommend this yogurt place!

Yogurtland is hands down my fave yogurt and there's about four of them around Phoenix.
Here - far west in Avondale, and a few in the east - downtown Scottsdale and in Tempe.
There's never an icy texture and the flavors are always spot on.
Unfortunately for me, I live in Central Phoenix and it's not exactly convenient to just pop on by for a bite.
With that said, there's plenty of froyo around to pick from, and I still think it's worth the drive to Yogurtland every once in a while.
They've usually got a special flavor or two; such as Taro (a fun tasting Pacific Islands fruit), Greek Raspberry and Banana, Pumpkin Pie, or Snowflake Mint.
With their special flavors changing every few weeks.
Their yogurt, in general, isn't too tart and tends to have more of a creamy flavor than other places, which is why I enjoy them over others.
Grab a sample cup, try them all, mix up your favorites, throw in a topping or two, eat and enjoy.
If I'm ever in the area; as I was on this day, I always seem to make time for a "little" froyo!
;-)  Happy Yelping Phoenix.

I love frozen yogurt, and yogurtland has a nice selection of flavors and toppings.
It's clean, the service is fast, and the price is on par with most other places.
Only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that there really is nothing that separates it from another froyo place unless you like specific flavors.

This Summer's 2013 promotional flavors: Looney Tunes.
Get them while they last.
Bug's Bunny: Carrot Cake - quite delicious and true to the real cake Daffy Duck: Dark Chocolate Orange - for me, it's okay.
it's an interesting blend but just doesn't float with me  So far, that's all I had for the promo flavors.
I know Marvin the Martian is coming out next but will try soon.
I'm trying to collect all the character spoons, I only have Bugs thus far.
If you downloaded the Yogurtland app, scan the character flavors to earn some free froyo on your next visit.
This store seems to always be busy since its near a movie theater as well as other fast foods and restaurants.
You can't go wrong here, Yogurtland is the king of froyo.

Yum!

Love it here.
I've actually been a few times already but this is my first review.
This is by far the best froyo in the west valley followed by Yogurtini, Blue Agave, and Dreamland.
I'd skip the latter and stick with either Yogurtland or Yogurtini.
Good service.
Delicious yogurt.
Nice décor and service.
What more do you need?

Love this place.
Come here when in mood ice cream, the yogurt is much better for ya, so it is a win..loved the looney tunes promotion love tweety

Always clean, great selection of flavors & toppings.
I enjoy sitting outside and eating my yogurt.
They seem to always be a little busy but there's always an open seat.
Friendly staff and quick at checkout.
No complaints!

Always a pleasure to go and enjoy refreshing yogurt.
Experienced one bad time but other than that it's always great but super busy since movies are right there and stores.

