My wife and I visited this location (one of the few in the SW valley) to munch on some pizza and wings and watch the football game.
It was our first visit.
The interior was cozy and clean and smelled great.
There were 5 TVs in various locations for a good view.
We were seated immediately.
Our friendly server was quickly upon us and our pitcher of Fat Tire was soon to follow along with 2 frosted glasses.
Nice touch.
We were given a basket of garlic breadsticks while we waited.
An unexpected surprise.
We got the 16 inch pepperoni pie which arrived piping hot.
I know pizza is a very personal thing to many so you can't please everyone.
But we liked it.
The traditional crust wasn't too thin or thick.
Just right.
A bit chewy but not offensively so.
The sauce was good and rich.
I would have preferred a little more cheese but thats me.
The wings were outstanding.
We're from Buffalo and are picky about our wings.
I got traditional medium and my better half got BBQ.
We thought we'd try baked.
(They offer fried or baked) But were careful to specify "well done".
You want your wings crispy not soggy.
They came out just right.
The BBQ wings were cooked after coating so the sauce crisped up nice.
And get this...
They offer blue cheese dressing for dipping!
Unheard of down here.
Overall a good time was had by all.
We'll be back.

Restaurant is pretty VEGAN friendly.
I end up eating here quite frequently given it's close proximity to my house.
I appreciate that the staff ALWAYS listens to special requests (no cheese, no dressing...).
I have never had a slip up here with added unwanted ingredients!
I usually stick with a salad and soup or the bruschetta appetizer sans butter.
My boyfriend really likes their veggie sandwich and their fries are yummy!

Once a week we order Wings and pizza for delivery.
I have to say their Honey Hot wings are one of the best!!!
We always ask for extra crispy and they always make them just right.
The delivery driver is always very kind and courteous.
Their Tuna sub and side pasta salad is not bad at all=)

Today I called the Northern and 101 location, I asked what the special was?
The girl told me buy one pizza get one free.
Great I say, any size?
Sure...so I order a medium 4 cheese with pepperoni and the other one with bacon.
When I get there to pick it up she tells me "$34.00 please" and I'm surprised..."one medium formaggi pizza w/pepperoni is 34.00?
" "Well no it's a specialty pizza and I can only give you a free medium cheese pizza.
" so I call and speak the manager "Carlos" who barely understood English and tell him that I'm up set that on the phone she tells me it's buy one get one and when I get there it's something else.
He says I saved you 7.00 that's a lot of money because the regular price is 13.??
so I say if that's the case then why did I pay 34 dollars?
It should have been 26. dollars minus 7 dollars...he puts me on hold, comes back and says I can give you 2.00 back.
I don't want 2.00 back I want to you tell the girl not to say buy one get one free if that's not the case and explain to me why I paid 34.00 for 2 medium pizzas.
He says, you don't want the 2.00?
I'm sorry that's all I can do.
I told him it was clear to me that he was not the manager and no instead of an unhappy customer he has an unhappy and insulted customer and I would find out who was above him and take it up with them.

The pizza was delicious.
Came in, sat at the bar, and ordered a pizza.
The problem was that they put my pizza in the wrong place and forgot about me...  attentive bar service, but pizza was left to sit.
45 minutes later they brought me a room temperature pizza, which was really good for room temp pizza.
I'd have given 5 stars had the pizza been served to me in less than 45min and hot.

I live in Scottsdale, I was visiting a friend who lives by the stadium and she always talks about how good the pizza is here (she's from new York city)we Came here on a Saturday night, not very busy.
A very small comfortable atmosphere though.
service was great!
Our server was really friendly and polite.
The bruschetta was delicious and the pizza came out nice and hot.
I topped this off with a nice glass of cold wine and it was a great dinner overall.
Definitely will be going back soon!

The cheese and pepperoni pizza were delicious.
The baked wings were big, juicy, and full of flavor.
They bring out mini baked bread with marinara while your waiting for the wings and pizza, nice touch.

Love this place, they deliver which is a plus!
I grew up in NY and the pizza here reminds me of back home.
Also I love that they do military discount which I take to my advantage every time I order!

Well it's starting off poorly.
It's 4:30 in the afternoon on a Friday.
Came here specifically for the Broasted Chicken.
Ordered the chicken the waitress come back to tell us they are out of chicken... Are you kiddin me!
Then after looking at other reviews I find out they do have a children's menu after already ordering an adults meal for a 4 year old.
There is a whole lot of people standing around doing nothing!
The bread sticks they brought to the table were cold and old.
The sauce to dip them in is so thin it won't even coat the bread.
The chicken they did... All of it was hot, some of it was so dry you could barely swallow it.
It was almost as it it was reheated or or way over cooked.
I love abrogated Chicken and will drive a long ways to get it.
Next time I will drive to another location to give it a try!

The food here is decent.
The bread sticks are really yummy!
It is good for large groups.
They deliver for $2.50.
The pizza is big which is always a plus.

