If 1/2 of a star was an option, I would have selected that!
I went in to the shop on Friday afternoon to look at an exclusive brand of extensions and was treated very poorly!
Before I even got two feet in the door, the lady behind the appointment desk asked if I had an appointment.
I said that I didn't and that I'd read that they carried the extensions I was I interested in.
She didn't move from her chair for quite some time, actually, but when she finally did, it was to reluctantly show me the extensions and the color ring.
I was more than prepared to purchase the extensions that would have cost well over $600, but it was completely clear that she didn't want to help or want my money.
In a town like Vegas, there are always options and I opt to never return to this place.
What a bummer!

My wife is currently receiving chemotherapy for non hodgkin's lymphoma.
As a result of the chemotherapy, she has lost about 95% of her hair.
We went to the Wig Cottage on a weekday afternoon around 2 pm.
We were welcomed in and an employee showed her at least a dozen options.
She explained the process and spent nearly an hour with my wife.
She wanted to think about her options, so we made an appointment for the next morning.
We came back the next morning, and she picked out a wig.
The stylist then shaped it to her face and cut it.
She also showed my wife how to care for the wig.
It looks fantastic, strangers didn't even know it was synthetic hair.
In my singular experience, The Wig Cottage couldn't have provided better customer service.
When you are going through difficult times, it's nice to find compassionate people that help.
The Wig Cottage certainly fit the bill.
I can't recommend this place enough, it provides confidence to people during very difficult times in their lives.

As a cancer patient who is soon to be going through chemo, I stopped in The Wig Cottage to see what my options would be for this difficult time that I am approaching.
I had no appointment, but they  took me right in and spent all the time I needed to show me multiple wigs and scarves.
From the receptionist to the stylist and even the owner, I was treated respectfully and  compassionately!
They are extremely knowledgeable and caring.
I felt comfortable and at ease.
They made the experience  much easier than I anticipated.
They came highly recommended and now I know why!
I will definitely recommend them to anyone in need of their services!

My Mother in Law have Cancer and I took her there to try out some wigs.
The store was really nice and comfy.
The selection of wigs were pretty big and the service was amazing.
They were absolutely helpful and caring.
I highly recommend this place to anyone.

The wonderful lady that fitted me for my wig was very nice and helpful.
She showed compassion as I explained going thru chemo.
I bought a wig for $375.00.
She said I could come in when I'm ready to get it trimmed or washed.
A week later I decided to get my bangs trimmed.
The gal that sat me in her chair was so rude I was shocked!
I showed her the length by photo and by inches to have them cut.
Her response was "I can't do that.
That's professionally done.
Your bangs will never look like that".
I explained I don't want the whole hairstyle just the same bangs barely to my eyebrows.
She replied "I can cut them that short but they won't look like that because it's a picture from a magazine done by professionals".
At that point I was pissed!
All I hear is NO!
I basically asked if she could just trim them.
She did.
I bought a wig stand.
The cashier asked if is like to leave a tip and I said NO!
She was horrible and so was my experience after spending $375 for hair!
I've been back in twice and have my wigs washed, steamed and styled and they look amazing.
I will NEVER have her help me again.
There are two Asian ladies and one is wonderful and the other is awful!

