Awful, awful, awful.
Do not ever give these guys $$ unless you want to work with a company that doesnt tell you all of the hidden costs and fees you have to pay after paying initial fee..
There were "requirements" to get back the $100 gift card, and they refused to give it to us after driving all the way to Vegas to get something back after paying so much up front... And yes, if you do manage to make it into their required "presentation, be prepared for a hardball timeshare pitch where the only way about is to get hostile back, which is something i dont like to do... Just know that they are trained to take your money, bait you in, then make you feel bad for not giving more or jumping thru major hoops only to find that you dont get what you thought you were going to get  Stay away!
There are good enough hotel deals in Vegas to not have to go through these guys

If I could give a negative star I would!
Not for the location, but the company as a whole!
DO NOT BELIEVE ANYTHING THEY SAY!
They pay for the worst airline possible and cheapest hotel you can imagine.
Lets not forget the 7 hidden fees on everything attached that adds up to about $400.
I would get more into detail but they have already wasted my time enough!
Trust in me and you will be safer doing it on your own for better accommodations at a better price!
These people just want your money and that's it!
WORST TRIP OF MY LIFE!

NOT TO BE TRUSTED!
A great getaway for my wife goes down as my worst experience ever!!!
Or should I say, no experience.
Purchased a 2 nigh package through Casablanca Express in Vegas at the Riveria...  brand new, renovated rooms with many features was the pitch, with many great offers including a $200 dinner and other great perks.
Arrived at the hotel only to learn that our reservations were cancelled by Casablanca Express.
No written notice.
Said they tried to reach me three separate times by phone, something that was disconnected last May.
Never an email, never a response to my phone messages that I left for them.
How do they getaway with cancelling something I paid for?
How can a Vegas Hotel allow a "scam" reservation group to do this to them --- THEY BOTH WILL NOT BE USED, or VISITED IN THE FUTURE!
An ATTORNEY GENERAL in Nevada should do something about these type of organizations.
Enough said.
I am done venting.
I will chalk this up to the worst experience, and one I will always remember when dealing with future offers.
They aren't worth it!

Take Casablanca Express for what it is, the Ghetto Junket travel agency that tries to take your money after giving you a "Free" or what seems to be a free trip to Vegas.
If your looking for a cheap way to stay in Vegas, CBX might be your answer.
No high rollin here, it's ghetto from when you first park your car to when you pay all the "Resort Fees" in the remodeled Riviera or Plaza Hotels.
I have news for you CBX,  resort fees are for resorts!
At least be truthful and call them what they are, ghetto fees because the Riviera and the Plaza ain't resorts!
Your gut tells you when you're staying the the Plaza or the Riviera, ghetto!
Oh and that fine customer service from the staff at the Vegas office of casablanca express, again, ghetto.Tell you what you want to hear and hang up as soon as possible!
And that's why your business only has one star!
Casablanca express is really like the used car sales of vegas vacations!
Once they have your money you're stuck and have no recourse for what happens or what you were promised and don't get!!
Take a good look at at their rating everyone!
It's only a one star average because we couldn't give anything lower!
Don't do it!
Any manager's from CBX reading this?
If you're interested email me, I have names and dates!

