I came for a 5 year old birthday party today and for those few hours, I completely forgot that we were in Las Vegas.
As we watched the kids help feed the farm animals, help groom the ponies and get them saddled up, and go on pony rides- we were transported to a dude ranch in Montana.
This place is adorable and there are so many farm animals including horses, pigs, chickens, peacocks, bunnies, turtles, llamas, goats, ducks, and birds.
All of the animals are tame and used to being around children.
This was my first time here and I am so bummed that I only visited it now- because it is truly a delight to let the family experience this simple way of life.
The farm is owned by a mother daughter team and they have been living there for 50 years now.
The daughter was the one running the show today with her excellent staff of "cowboys and cowgirls" and the party was so organized and just a well oiled machine.
It is obvious that they have been doing this for awhile.
There are plenty of tables and shady areas, but we got lucky with fantastic weather today.
They also provided lunch- grilling up some burgers and hot dogs, with sides of potato salad, chips, fruits, and veggies.
Everything was fantastic.
And all of the leftovers (remember these are 5 year olds) were placed in a big tub that was then fed to the pigs.
It was quite disgusting, but also mesmerizing to watch!
It's nice to know that nothing goes to waste.
Not only do they do parties, but they also have weekly western day camps during the summer.
During the school year, they have an open petting zoo and pony rides on Tuesdays and no-school days for only $5!
The next ones are May 22nd and 27th before the summer programs start.
They even do Western Weddings if that is your hearts desire.
The kids had a blast, and so did I.  I am a true city girl, so it was so nice to escape for a few hours and experience life on a farm.
And being the germaphobe that I am, it was so nice that they also had hand sanitizer pumps every 5 yards!
Yee-haw!
*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 36/100*

I had my 6 year old's birthday party here yesterday and we had an amazing day!
The kids rode ponies, pet goats in the little petting farm, pinned the tail on a real donkey, roasted marshmallows in the fire pit and made smoars, and had a hay hunt for party favors in the barn.
There us also a play structure on the property.
The animals are clean an taken very good care of.
Kathleen is an amazing sweetheart and manages the party for you, along with her staff so you can enjoy it with your child.
You bring the food and they grill and prepare it on their chuck wagon!
The kids had a great time and the parents did too.
This place is EXCELLENT!
Highly recommended!

What a magical place!
I found this place on yelp and thought that my daughter's 7th birthday may finally have a venue.
I called and left a message for Cowgirl Kathy(CK)and she promptly called me back.
After a nice conversation I asked if I could give a credit card over the phone.
CK said they were a little old fashion and I could send a check or encouraged me to come out, see the farm, and sign a contract.
I headed out that afternoon, I don't know why I was thinking it was far, it is down the street from Springs Preserve.
Walking around this place for a tour, I was blown away, cute beyond words.
Chickens, rabbits, goats on climbing frame that kids can get all over.
Pigs, peacocks and of course PONIES!
Needless to say we booked the 10 am party (on weekend they do 2 parties a day, 10-1 and 2-5) CK said arrival by 9:30 would be plenty of time.
You ring your own food and hand it over, they do EVERYTHING.
I got there 10 minutes to 10:00 and they did it all and made me look like a rockstar.
They have these parties down, the kids (we had over 20) totally captivated and engaged from beginning to end.
Parents were encouraged to enjoy and relax.
A mom's birthday dream.
Blows those cookie cutter parties away, quote the 7 year old "Can we do the exact same thing next year?
" High praise indeed!

The pictures in here do not do justice to this delightful little farm.
When I first checked out the place I fell in love with the charming layout and little details sprinkled everywhere.
My lil man and our guests all had an awesome time here and if you are planning your party, here are a few things that may help you.
The package: The rental of the place is less than $500 for 3 hours on a weekend.
You can get the morning or afternoon schedule.
All you have to worry about is setting up decorations (which they help you with).
From the moment you arrive, everything is unloaded from your car and packed away.
The entire party is planned with activities revolving around the animals on the farm, someone grills ayour food on the chuck wagon and serves it up, and finally everything is loaded very quickly back in your car.
Easy breezy.
The program: These people are pros who follow a strict program and even stricter rules when it concerns their animals and the safety of the children, but considering the tons of parties they've had, you could see a genuine love for kids and animals.
The head honcho miss Kathleen will hold your bday boy/girl's hand throughout most of the activities and make sure he/she is comfortable and happy.
They start off with farm chores - feeding the sheep, goats, llamas, chickens.
Then after the chores, they get ready for the pony rides by grooming and saddling up the ponies.
Then each kid gets their turn at riding the ponies.
After the cool pony rides, everyone is gathered for a group shot by the gazebo.
After sanitizing and washing hands at the farm pump, it's eating time!
Then kids have time to roam and explore the other toys and animals on the farm.
My son especially loved the rocking horses and tortoises.
I opted to leave out the opening of presents so we'd have more time to relax and enjoy the farm, but they are willing to accommodate your program wishes, and are quite thorough with coordinating and execution.
Before the party wrapped up, there was a find-the-candy-hidden-in-hay which all the kids enjoyed.
It was a day filled with education and fun!
Priceless.
Few things you have to keep in mind when planning your party in this venue:  1.
You have a very small window to ingress (to set up your party), around 15 minutes only.
Make sure you get there on time and organize your decor/food well and coordinate with Kathleen prior to the party.
The morning schedule might buy you a little more time to set up but wish I had more time to sleep and got the afternoon schedule instead.
If you aren't a stickler for décor and details like me, just show up, sit back and relax because they do everything for you!
You unfortunately cannot set-up a food or main table displaying goodies.
Food is brought out when it is time to eat because this is a farm attracting birds and bees.
There are always bees hovering around the drinks and sweets, so everything has to be enclosed.
This is the outdoors, so you must be prepared for the elements.
Since the food is only served at the chuck wagon, you won't have any heat source.
The food that they grill for you will be placed somewhere and won't be very hot when served.
So bring your food warm and try to plan your menu with this in mind.
There is a fridge and freezer for cold food and items such as ice and ice cream.
Make sure the kids wear closed toe shoes and clothes that stand up to hay and heat.
Ask questions about the animals.
Like why some chickens have a feather crown on their heads, it's because their foreigners called Poland called Polish hens, or get to know Jelly, the 20 year old pot bellied pig who still has a voracious appetite.
There are goats, rabbits, ducks, birds, sheep and many other animals to keep them entertained.
There is also a fire pit where they can roast marshmallows if the weather isn't too hot.
This is a little gem in Vegas and will be a real treat for any child.
Please don't forget to tip the awesome crew when your party is done because they truly are rockstars.
I forgot something during the party and Miss Kathleen offered to drop it off at my place.
You rarely meet those kinds of people anymore, so have your party here and you might get lucky.
Check out my lil man's party photos here: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j-r-pony-parties-las-vegas-2?select=KKdvKMz4969X8RFmscdhog#KKdvKMz4969X8RFmscdhog

What a great place to have a bday party!!
This place is sooooo cute!
Theres hella animals and the people here are nice and semi patient!
We attended a party here and had a lovely time.
They split the groups up, one for big kids and another for little kids and brought 2 ponies out.
The great thing about here is that they have many animals for the children to check out and the space itself is large and open s all the kiddie can run around!
They have a cute large set up for photos and a cool place that they cook your food to serve.
In addition they have many seating areas and shade in case its a little too warm outside.
They had ponies, horses, rabbits, goats, birds, and a little chubby piggy!!
I loved it here!
If you have a little one, def consider having your party here!
Your little one will def enjoy it!
Yay!

