This place has everything to offer.
Pool with cabanas, work out room with plenty of machines that are clean & actually work, events for the community to attend that lets you meet your neighbors and my girlfriend has a good sized dog that she is able to have (with a pre payment of $200 and I think her rent is $25 higher each month).
There are baggies all around the property to clean up after your dog and the employees are great.
Many of the workers live on the property too.

Came to visit a friend and aesthetically externally and her unit everything was really nice.
There seemed to be plenty of parking and the set up was decent.
The room size seemed smallish but I think thats pretty standard in apartments now a days.
From an outsider, no real complaints, i'll leave that to the residents!

I live here and my car was vandalized.
No security like they said they have.
Maintenance is sub par.
Office staff good at taking money, slow to resolve anything.
Kids all over unattended, loud parties at night.
Started off as a reasonably nice place, turned into a real slum.
If you want something like this place, just go off the strip, less money with all the same bullshit.
Do yourself and your family a favor and pass this one by.
I will as soon as the lease is up.

My wife and I lived at Avanti from October of 2011 until July of 2013.
In those 21 months, we enjoyed our time there.
They have a great pool/BBQ area, and the 1 bedroom apartment was all we needed at the time.
They were pretty efficient about getting things fixed, and for the price of $725/mo, we really couldn't beat it.
All that being said, I just got done with my move out/check out process...  We moved into a house about a month before our lease at the apartment was up.
Because of this, I had the power to the apartment cut when we no longer lived there.
This being the case, it would have been difficult for me to vacuum after we moved everything out.
So, I specifically asked how the cleaning fees were assessed after the move out so I could understand what I really needed to clean.
I was told, "We don't really charge for cleaning after move out, just major damages.
"  Great.
Had I known that they would charge me $50 for extra cleaning ($25 for cleaning, and $25 for a TRASH BAG), I would have ran an extension cord from outside to vacuum the inside.
When I explained to Avanti what I had been told earlier, and informed them of how I would have vacuumed if they had explained their policy when I inquired about it, they replied, "It's in your lease.
"   BEWARE IF YOU OWN PETS!!!
We owned one small, house-trained dog, and when we moved in, we paid a $250 non-refundable pet FEE.
Fine.
The pet DEPOSIT (which is an additional $250) was waived because of a move-in special.
However, because they waived the initial deposit, they charged us $120 for "pet cleaning" upon move out.
Once again, had I known that, I would have made sure the carpets looked pristine.
This is not to mention the "pet RENT" that we paid every month ($25/mo PER PET for 21 months = Another $525 in pet fees for us).
So if you're not prepared to get triple-charged for your pets and pay a total of $895 or more to have your pet(s) live with you at Avanti, you may want to consider a more "pet-friendly" apartment.
I didn't argue the extra damage fees they charged us at move-out because I didn't take pictures of the entire apartment to prove otherwise...   An overall good experience at this apartment was completely tarnished by the fact that they really screwed us after we were done living there, and really didn't care.
I guess this review mirrors the others that have been posted: Good apartment complex, piss poor management.

AVANTI APARTMENTS authorizes tow truck companies to tow their own resident's cars in the middle of the night.
I had a problem getting my car registered.
The city put a hold on my license plate for old parking tickets I was in the middle of disputing.
After I got an orange ticket put on my car threatening to tow it I contacted the Avanti office.
The guy I talked to, who identified himself as the assistant manager, said yes my car would be towed because those were the the rules in the lease I entered into.
I tried to explain to him my situation and that I was trying to take care of it, and that if my car was towed I would lose my job and then couldn't pay them rent.
He ignored me and repeated rules are rules and yes my car would probably be towed in ONE DAY.
The whole time he was talking to me like a child who disobeyed him and not like a tenant who pays his salary.
They're hundreds of apartments to choose from in Las Vegas.
Why live at one who is involved in a racket with a corrupt towing company where you have to worry every morning whether your car is going to be there or not?
Read for yourself reviews of the tow truck company Avanti is working with: http://www.yelp.com/not_recommended_reviews/3SYfJHV7EEY1BYJtpxd7dg

YOUR ARE NOT SAFE HERE AND THEY HAVE OPENLY STATED THEY DONT CARE!!
(In writing) Staff needs to at least pretend they know what they are doing.
I brought up a safety concern to the management team of this property and was expecting cooporation and undestanding.
in return, thier "Resident Service and Claims Management Department" stating the following: (see attached picture as well) "As Management of an apartment community, Management is not a position to prevent crime.
In fact, Management does not promise, warrent or guarantee the safety or security of residents or their property against the criminal actions of other residents or third parties.
Each resident has the responsability to protect himself" So in other words, sleep with a knife next to you or go out and buy a gun if you dont feel safe.
Horrified!!
Thank goodness I'm out of here in a couple of months..

The place is dirty the manager is evil and vindictive and mean and they will rip you off anyway they can.
woe unto them who rent here....

