This is my regular nail salon, love everyone here!
They always do a great job and are super friendly.
I don't get my hair done here, but a couple of my friends do and they love it.
Great find!

I am very picky when it comes to getting my hair and waxing done and I came across this place by chance one day.
Their staff goes above and beyond what they are expected to.
My hair stylist Tanya is super friendly and can fit me in no matter what.
The waxer is also very helpful when it comes to getting my brows done.
she makes sure that they are perfect!
I see them at least once a month maybe more!

I only visited this salon because of its proximity to my home, and I was pleasantly surprised.
I having been going in to get quick trims, and I usually like to be there at 9 in the morning.
At that time, there are rarely other patrons around.
I usually get Nena, as she probably is the first to arrive there, along with the owner (who sticks to nails, I think).
Nena is very nice, not too talkative and very assertive.
She is one of the few people who gets how to trim bangs for 20-somethings, without making them look lame or like "emos".
The price for these types of trims is about $15, and the service will take about 15 minutes.
I have also gone in for pedicures, and have been satisfied though you could probably get the same service elsewhere (is there any stripmall in Vegas without a nail salon?
) for about 5 dollars less.
One of the worst things here is the fact that they recently decided to not accept tips with your credit card bill.
This means that you have to bring cash in, or you will have to forgo leaving a tip, which I consider quiet rude.
I do not really know why they did this, though I'm thinking it has to do with cutting back on expenses (i.e., paying bank fees).
Whatever the reason, I think this policy makes the client uncomfortable, and she or he will likely leave the salon feeling akward.
However, since they implemented this policy, I have gone in about four times, and I have never had cash with me.
They go ahead and run my card, and the bill includes a "tip ____", which I have proceeded to add, despite the annoyed look I get from the receptionist, as well as the "this is the last time miss, we are no  longer accepting tips like this" statement.
So, bring cash to tip your stylist, and if you can, choose either Nena or Mai, they are both nice and good at what they do.

I have been a customer in this salon since they opened 5 years ago.
I can say only good things about it.
It has creative, calming, relaxing desine.
The owner is very friendly, attentive to your needs, and HE IS ALWAYS THERE.
The staff is well trained and very friendly.
I have been going to Nena for haircuts and color for years.
She is as good as it gets!
I tried some other Aveda salons closer to my house, but I always got back to her.
Some stylists are good in haircuts, some in color.
She can do it all!
She knows the magic - how to make me look ten years yonger!!
And it is worth the drive.

I went here on a whim.
I needed a quick haircut before heading out of town, so I called and they were able to get me in the next day.
Its close to my home which is a plus.
Tanya was my stylist.
She listened to my concerns, voiced her own concerns, then we were able to agree on what would be done.
She did a great job.
I was very happy with my haircut.
She even styled it nicely and helped me buy travel size hair products that the salon sells.
I would definitely go back to Tanya and Creative Salon again.

I have gone to Tri for about 4 years now for my nails and love him and his staff.
Everyone is so friendly and are good at what they do.
He always makes an effort to fit me into his schedule even tho I am very last minute!
He does a great job and genuinely cares if u are happy with your service.
I have referred many friends to him and they all feel the same.
Bottom line is u won't have a bad experience if u go to creative salon

Brittany takes care of ya!
The only one I will have cut my hair!
The Utmost professional!

Came here for the first time today to get a much-needed cut.
Tanya gave me exactly what I wanted, a great-looking long bob.
The cut was a bit more than I anticipated paying, but the result was worth it.
Will definitely stop by the next time I'm back in Vegas.

First time here and it was an amazing experience!
Julia did exactly what I wanted to my hair and went above and beyond to teach me how to do it myself.
Everyone is friendly and the environment is very inviting.

After trying several salons in the Vegas area I found one I am staying at.
Brittany is phenomenal and listens to what you want.
You won't go wrong!

This place is amazing!
The staff is friendly and knowledgable, and I have not been disappointed with any of the stylists.
I have had numerous haircuts that have all been great with my troublesome hair and have been happy every time.
I get pedicures each time too and no one in Las Vegas has been able to beat Tree, his wife, or Brittany.
I recommend Creative Aveda to everyone I know.

Amazing customer service, got an appointment straight away for a mani pedi and the results were fantastic.
The owner is incredibly nice (he did my service) and even offered to plug in my iPhone to charge when he heard me say it was low on battery.
Highly recommend it - was a random pick for me and I felt super lucky!

The haircut was nice and so was the styling, but I shouldn't have paid as much as I did.
I was told over the phone that the haircut would be $25.00, but they ended up charging $35.00 (real price $40.00) it was a ok experiance, but not worth the money.
I would suggest telling them you're age, hair type, and length before going to get your haircut.

I LOVE this Salon.
It is clean, relaxing and even better, ecofriendly.
The other day my boyfriend asked me why I was looking so forward to my hair appointment and I told him it was because having my hair done was like going to the spa.
Brittany is one of the most positive people I have met and actually took the time to listen to my desires and then created everything I was asking for.
She does amazing, natural looking highlights.
I've had repeat pedicures that are great too.
I highly recommend Creative Salon and Spa!

Still super happy with my stylist Tanya.
I got my hair colored for the first time by her, I was very pleased with it.
She did an amazing job on my cut too.
The price is so much more reasonable than the more trendy salons in town.
Plus it's so close to home which makes it an added bonus.

This salon is awesome!
I went with a friend and now I plan on officially becoming a regular!
All I have gone for is a gel manicure, and I have been completely satisfied both times.
The first time I went, I just did a polish change, which was $15 at the time (an amazing price!
) and if you add on a full manicure the price is $35.
The owner of the salon did my nails both times, and he is amazing, very funny and always in a good mood.
Definitely recommend!

I had a awesome experience at Creative Salon a couple months ago.
I found a coupon on their website for a free cut with any color- not a bad deal, plus all the good reviews here on yelp made my decision easy.
Because it was my first time, and I didn't have a recommended stylist to go with, I asked for a Saturday appointment with whoever was available.
My stylist was Ericka, and thank goodness!
She was great!
I was cutting about 6 inches off my hair and had a picture of what I was envisioning with me.
Ericka and I talked about what we could do, the different types of tints/dyes/hues that would work best to achieve my desired color.
And we had a long conversation about how the cut would work- I have extremely fine, wavy-but-not-curly hair, and the wrong cut can be horrendous on me.
I'm really glad she listened to what I wanted, and gave her feedback to honestly tell me what would work.
The salon experience was great- Ericka is easy to talk to, everything was clean, and the salon smells wonderul with all the Aveda products being used.
I was super happy with my cut and color, and Ericka and the salon owner were so kind at check-out.
They gave me referral coupons, and free samples (especially cool was the thickening shampoo/conditioner from Aveda that I had been wanting to try).
I definitely plan on going back, and I want to check out the spa portion of the salon.

Completely Ecstatic!
First, I am sad to admit it, but I never write reviews for anything.
But, find a stylist who not only knows what they are doing but is better than expected is worthy of the compliment.
I have been going to the same stylist for over 8 years in Newport Beach CA, he is incredible but having moved to Las Vegas two months ago, it's a little to far for my regular monthly cut.
So I had the daunting task of finding someone I trust to 'do my do' which is a serious matter and I put a lot of research, thought and effort into making my choice.
The salon had to have an esthetic appeal (none of that icky strip mall junk)  2.
I wanted more than just a quick cut and no pampering 3.
Of course, the stylist needed to listen and get what I was wanting to achieve.
Well, I was pleasantly surprised because the salon looks great and has a clean upbeat vibe.
It reminds me of a salon that might be in a hotel/casino.
And best of all, my stylist Tarah (YOU ROCK) not only listened to what I was asking her to do, but she asked questions as she cut my hair such as how much length in certain areas I wanted cut; did I want more texture etc.
Amazing!
And the end result was actually better than my hair had been cut in a while.
She has definitely earned me as a regular client.
I can't tell you how relieved I am to know I have someone I can trust to do the job when I need it especially being new to town!
I would recommend going to Creative and ask for Tarah.
You will be glad you did.
Brett B - Las Vegas, NV

After stopping at 3 different salons trying to get a quick walk-in cut for the kids, we walked in here and they were more then happy to help us.
I know now why these places go out of business all the time.
If you say you're open until 7 and at 5 someone walks in and is told "everyone went home already" you're gonna lose.
Creative salon had a receptionist and a very talented crew.
You guys just made a new family of regulars!
Thank you.

I hate getting my nails done because I never have good experiences.
However, I got the acrylic claw nails with gel polish & it turned out great!
I was able to tell them how exactly I wanted the length & she did them perfectly!
It didn't hurt after & the lady who did mine was funny & sweet.

I don't remember who it was but she did a great job on my toes.
I have this ugly bruise on my big toe because I was wearing 5 inch heels...
It hurts like hell!
But my pedicurist chose the perfect color to cover the ugly bruise!
It was great.
I will definitely return for another service.

I find this gem through yelp.
I saw all these 5 star reviews & the reviews speak for themselves.
I came here for the Salon, I needed a hair cut today & I couldn't live with how long my hair was getting.
I walked in without an appointment at 1PM to find it relatively quiet.
Julia was so nice, I couldn't be more happier with the service.
She heard me out & threw some ideas out.
I'm so happy I checked yelp.

Awesome place and the staff is really nice ..
I loved my whole experience here

Please note this review is for the salon NOT the stylists.
From the salon perspective I have had multiple poor customer service experiences, below I will list the two most prominent.
I have been going to this salon for a little over a year and have only amazing things to say about every stylist I have encountered.
As such I have recommended most my family and coworkers to go here.
That being said; the customer service from a receptionist perspective has been fairly poor all around.
There are particularly 2 incidents which led to this review and the 3rd being that they discourage leaving a tip for the stylist on a card and actually ask you to bring cash (seems fishy and in bad taste).
I had made an appointment on a day in which I was flying out of town for work and was on a tight schedule.
I arrived a few min early but basically right on time.
The receptionist (i don't recall her name) just looked back and said "oh your stylist is out, she should be back shortly".
I then sat in the lobby for 15 min waiting when my stylist walked out from the back and greeted me and said she had been waiting but no one told her I was there.
This was true because the receptionist didn't even leave the seat to check.
For my mother birthday / mothers day I wanted to treat her to a spa day.
I called ahead and asked if I could purchase a gift certificate online or over the phone so that she could come in and get her hair done.
When speaking with the receptionist I was told that I couldn't purchase it online so she would make a not on the account and they would call me for payment when she completed.
Giving my mother this info she didn't take any payment with her when she went to get her hair done, assuming that is was taken care of.
After the cut was complete she was left embarrassed now that she couldn't pay at the time.
I spoke to the salon manager and explained the scenario who told me "oh well they gave you wrong info she needs to pay".
After a short discussion I assured them she would be back.
Needless to say this turned in to multiple trips to the salon plus the embarrassment she faced.
Not only did this second scenario ruin what was to be a nice thing it he even asked her to leave collateral.
It was quite offensive and IMO in poor judgment given there mistake.
All in all.
Stylists are great - owners / managers / receptionists - thumbs down.

I have been coming here 5 years.
Mai cuts my hair.
Nene and Julia Tarah have filled in when Mai was out and my hair anxiety would not let me wait.
Never ever a bad cut!!!
And I am very picky!
Took ten years to find an acceptable place where all services are done well and professionally.
Hue does my nails every two weeks and takes time to do every aspect right.
Like an artist she carefully makes each nail perfect.
No rushing or cutting corners.
Mai does my pedi.
She knows I am a big hiker and need my nails short.
I started having pedis because I had beat my toes up hiking and she worked with my feet for over a year while the 7 nails I had lost came back.
It was a mess but I know they came back flat and straight because of her diligence.
It has become tradition for my sis and I to come every Christmas for a mani pedi together for the great work and the fun we have with the technicians.
I read below that a customer was mad because he couldn't pay over the phone.
Reading his story, it sounded more to me like their policy protected him from identity theft and though there was a miscommunication, The salon would have already known that he hadn't paid when she arrived but they provided the service without even balking and then trusted payment in the future.
That is not bad customer service it is excellent service.
Especially in Vegas where scams are the norm!
I will come here until I am so old I have no hair to cut or nails to do!

I just went in yesterday afternoon, called earlier in the morning and was able to get in that afternoon.
Went in for a full color and partial highlights.
My stylist was Tarrah.
She was very friendly, informative and was very understanding of exactly what I wanted and expected for my hair.
Getting your hair done is a long process and leaves a lot of time for awkward small talk, but she was engaging and really nice.
Made the process feel like a breeze.
My hair came out really nice, the highlights weren't exactly the color I was going for, but that's just me being stubborn and looking at a picture automatically expecting it to look like that.
Hairstylists are hairstylists not magicians and with that being said I do really like my hair.
I'll definitely be back.
For a full color and partial highlight was $180 definitely pricey, but you pay for what you get and in my case it's worth it.
Plus they're an Aveda hair salon!
That's a nice touch too.

From my own HORRIBLE experience...
I did a walk in @ 9am.
I requested for Tara to do my hair so I did a last minute appointment @ 11am.
The receptionist told me that you can come back 15 min early since Tara comes in early before her start time.
I came in 5 min before 11.
I waited half an hour for Tara but still she wasn't there so I requested for someone else to do my hair.
I ask the receptionist if someone can do this ombré style and I showed a picture and he recommended me to Julia.
They said "Julia is the best.
" I showed Julia the picture and she said yes I can do that.
(Note: if you can't do exactly what I ask for, then don't tell me you can.
) So I was excited...
Hours later.. the end results?
My hair is damaged and dry.
And my ombré didn't even look ombré.
It was a blunt line color going around my head and she didn't mix the product in all the way so everything was different color.
I ask her to fix my bangs also and she made it even shorter!!!
It looked like Spock from Star Trek.
I was devastated.
I literally started crying.
The lady who is the owner said well next time you should make an appointment.
So????
It gives you the right to mess up my hair and be okay with it because I didn't make an appointment with Julia???
Are you kidding me???
I'm paying for the service!!
My hair was long and very healthy.
I paid $200 + for them to mess up my long, healthy hair.
The owner Michael also said he can have someone fix my hair when I called for them to fix it.
When I asked if i would pay again he said don't worry about it, I just want you to be happy.
So when I went again to fix my hair I had to pay again!
This will be the last time I will ever step foot inside this salon.
But I do want to thank ONLY ONE PERSON and that's coco for fixing my messed up ombré hair.
The wife of Michael who is the owner said it could've be done for free if Julia did it but she told me AFTER THE FACT that someone else did it.
I was very traumatized on what julia did the first time!!!
You think I want her to fix my hair again after she messed it up?
For days I did leave in conditioner and did so many treatments on my hair but regardless my hair was nappy I was unable to comb it.
It was horrible!!!
I had to cut at least five inches off my hair cause it was damaged.
This may have a lot of good reviews but I won't ever recommend this salon to anyone that I know.
For the reply below...
It wasn't a "lack of communication" on my end.
I specifically told her what I wanted.
How I wanted it.
And I went a second time to fix it.
To give it another chance...
But you can't give me back the five inches I had to cut off.
So I do apologize for writing a bad review because I had to cut five inches off my hair and pay $200+ for the style I didn't want.
Thank you very much.

I actually wish I can give Zero Stars on this review!
Well, 3 other bridesmaids and I were supposed to get out hair done for my brother's wedding, which is a really big deal!!
We came from Los Angeles and had our day perfectly planned with hair then makeup then the hotel for the ceremony.
My new sister in law made us appointments and was quoted $65 flat!
When we arrived they said the cost would be $95 for my hair length!
Then a hairstylist (which sounded like a Russian Accent) came to us with this snotty attitude, talking down to us and tried to imply as if we couldn't afford it which definitely has not the fact!!!
We for quoted a price and we wanted the price which we were quoted!
The male receptionist then said "oh that's just the price we say over the phone" so basically lie!!!
So, while getting my makeup done at MAC , I told the artist the story and how sad I was that I won't have my hair done for my brothers wedding, he then recommended me to try LOOK Salon at the Town square which we enjoyed so much and the prices were great!
If he didn't tell me about this place I would have went to a wedding with my hair not done!!
Wouldn't recommend this place with a staff of snotty people!

I highly recommend Creative Salon, altho I only have nails,pedi,& facial done the staff is so attentive & knowledgeable, Hue the owner is the BEST at her craft!!
Its a family owned business so they are all aware of what the client needs!
I have been coming to them for over 2 years,they're the BEST!

Got pedicure and has appointment set.
Mye did my pedi and she was punctual, personable and did a very thorough job.
Michael, the owner is very friendly and really cares about his salon and customer care.
They are moderately priced, but I feel it was worth it.
The salon is very nice and roomy.
I would recommend it.

I came in here 3 times so far.
The first time was a walk in for a hair cut.
Right when I came in, Hue greeted me, offered me some tea or water & asked what she can help me with.
She took me in right away.
Prior to my hair cut,she shampooed/conditioned it, then she massaged my scalp with a special oil that gave it a nice tingly feeling.
Ohhh!
The head massage felt good!
I'm sure it was a special Aveda oil since they are an Aveda salon.
They all about that Aveda life!
I love how she was not too gentle & not too rough when shampooing & massaging my scalp.
Sometimes, I go to places & they seem so forceful, but not Hue.
She was perfect.
As she was doing my hair, I felt like she was very professional & had great experience.
I thought she was very lovely & takes pride in what she does.
You can tell when people are happy doing what they're doing because it shows in their work.
She told me she takes classes every month to keep up w/ the new trends & ideas.
Hue was the sweetest & the best hairdresser.
I loved my fresh new hair cut.
The next time, I came in with an appointment, She gave me some color & highlights, checked to see if I had any more split ends so she can handle that sheeeit & did my nails.
I was like, "Dang, you do everything around here!
" They do hair, nails, pedi, lash extensions, etc.
w/ outstanding service, offering that hot tea or water every time you come in.
Ooh la la.
I was pretty pleased w/ the results.
When I went to work the next day, people were giving me compliments which doesn't happen often but when it does I'm like, "oh thank you!
' (blush, blush).
I ran out of time because I was there for about 2 hrs so I made an appointment to go back the next day for a pedicure.
Her husband, Michael helped me the next day for a pedicure.
He was fast friendly & did a great job.
I'm always wearing those high heels for my job so my feet are calloused sometimes, but he got rid of them pretty good.
Put some fresh paint on the toenails & it was good to go.
So after coming here 3 times w/ such a wonderful experience each time, I figure I would show some yelp love to this salon.
Even though, I don't take advantage of their refreshment offerings, I think it's so thoughtful of them to offer.
They're so sweet!
This salon is probably my new favorite.

