Verizon Wireless: I just experienced the WORST customer service EVER!
I've been in the retail/service business for 5+ years and am currently a service manager.
I'm so unimpressed with Kevin at 7300 Aroyo Crossing in Las Vegas.
He may be your worst hire ever not to mention he's a manager who doesn't possess the skill of delivering a message with tact or dealing with customers at all.
My first experience in the store was wonderful but Kevin needs some coaching on his ability to manage.
I certainly hope he's not training others if that's the case you've got a serious problem on your hands.
If it weren't for your incredible wireless service everywhere, I'd have paid the early cancellation and driven to AT&T.

BOOM!
5 Stars....   this place is awesome...  everyone in there handles their business with efficiency and confidence....
They know the answers to most of my questions about my account and if they dont know they ask someone who does...
Sometimes they are super busy, but thats the goal isnt it?
I have come to trust a few of the key employees in their with my account and they have not disappointed me yet...  Keep it up!

I took my phone in because it kept freezing up and resetting itself.
The associate told me it was due to a bad battery and insisted I go to his friends store and buy a new battery there and not from Verizon because it was more expensive......I ended up just calling Verizon technical services and got the phone fixed over the phone without needing to replace the battery......

I stopped at two different stores to fix my issues with my new phone and it only took this store 10 minutes to fix everything.
Great job!

They're all very nice people provide awesome customer services!

Went into store to get help about my back up  list.
Tehy said they could not help me.
When I go t home and tried to print a copy of my list, the computer deleted it.
The following day, all of my number disappeared from my cell phone.
I spoke to many on line reps, and was disconnected twice, and the third one was not helpful at all.
One of them said he would call me back, and never did.
What terrible experience to deal with Verizon.
ATT , here I come.

My advice: Never ever go to the store.
Just call Verizon Customer Support.
I had lost my phone and wanted an upgrade.
I was due in 2 months, so I figure it wasn't a big deal.
After a 2 hour wait, I was told in 5 minutes that I was SOL.
They did try to sell me the "edge" program which pretty much meant I was either leasing a phone or paying full price.
RIP OFF!!
The next day, I called Verizon Customer Support and they told me it'd be no problem since I was so close.
They said I could order over the phone, but since I needed it that day, I told them to make a note of it on my account information and I would order it at the store.
I made an appointment so I wouldn't have to wait for 2 hours again.
However, I was told that I needed the manager approval and she wouldn't give it.
Yes, Sandra (Sandy on her name tag) the manager, would not honor the agreement Verizon Customer Support had ensured me would be no problem.
Again, they tried to push me onto the "edge" program which I believe is a predatory program targeting those who can't pay for a phone upfront.
In the end, you pay WAY MORE than if you would of paid up front for an upgrade.
After another hour and half wait, we reached Verizon Customer Support.
They apologized to me and told me they could not do anything on their end because the manager of the store, Sandy, had final say.
I ended up ordering the phone with Verizon Customer Support.
Unfortunately, I would not receive my new phone for another 3 days.
Long story short, NEVER EVER go to the store unless you enjoy having your time wasted Everything can be handled through Verizon Customer Support.
They are much more knowledgeable and helpful.

I had the best service ever.
I hate when I have phone trouble....it ruins life!
I walked in and was greeted immediately.
I don't remember her name but she asked my what she could help me with and was friendly.
The only thing I call BS on is that I was told my phone had "water damage" and I never dropped it in water....but whatever.
If you have insurance on the phone (which I do) you have to call some number and file a claim and wait....what wait for a new phone....can you live with out a phone fore more than an hour???
Now here is where it get's good....she was able to see that I was eligible for an early upgrade (thank GOD) and I was sent to wait for a sales rep to help me.
Dan O was with me in less than 5 minutes.
I told him I was technologically challenged and he took care of everything.
He talked me into a 5 from a 4 (great choice) and even got me into the cloud and got my pictures and contacts right over.
He even looked into my account to make sure I had the best plan for me.
He is the best!!!
I never want phone trouble but if I have it Dan O better be the one to help me!!!

Kevin greeted me immediately and helped me quickly with my car charger purchase.
He was super personable and I was in & out in 5 minutes...and that included us chatting about vacations!
I usually have a loooooong wait at my local store in CA.
What a refreshing change!!

