The first time I went to a Planet Hollywood Restaurant was in San Francisco, CA.
The service was slow, the food was average, but the price wasn't bad.
So after going to the one in San Francisco twice I realized it wasn't a great restaurant.
So, when I moved to Vegas a couple years ago to go to UNLV, I decided to give Planet Hollywood, a second chance.
Unfourtanetly, I had the same lackluster experience at the one in Vegas.
Therefore I discourage anyone tourist or local for wasting there time going there.

Planet Hollywood is the marketing of the American dream of stardom to middle-class schmucks.
I knew this place sucked but unfortunately my job required me to eat at this soulless bastion of American greed.
There is literally no redeeming quality that I could find about this place.
That so many other brain-washed revelers got sucked into the hype heightened the discomfort my stomach already felt!
I second the AVOID!
And by the way... stars don't eat at places like this!!

I thought this place was CREEEEEEEPY.
And there were these two girls that sat near us that kept drinking pina coladas and their laughing sounded like beagles hunting for fowl.
The food was gross and our waiter got lost looking for us.
DUH.

OK just to start this has nothin to do w/ the food just the HAPPY HOUR!!!
Ok so i'm in Vegas for a bachelor party and one of the guys mentions that Planet Hollywood has a happy hour from 3-6.
All well drinks are $3.50 draft beers $2.50.
So this broke guy is in.
We arrive about 10 deep and just casually order drinks.
After about 1 hr i must have gone head to head w/ another guy and had gone to about 8 drinks.
As the time passes by we start pounding them hard.
"Yo barteneder make us shots!!!!
AT WELL PRICES!!!
"  What the fuck did we do.
We are all drunk as hell and we leave only paying about 2 bills.
So what did we do the next day?
You guessed, it came back again 16 deep.
Same shit maybe even worse.
Anyway we left w/ even a lower bill and even more drinks.
Man did we make friends...Planet Hollywood happy hour I LOVE YOU....my liver hates you...Don't listen to my liver.

Was tricked by their half-price happy hour sign, my rumbly tummy needed some fried goodness fast!
We wanted some cheap appetizers and when we were all set to order our goodies, our manlywoman waitress informed us that the half-price deal was for 2 of the most un-appetizing items.
So, whatever, we ended up ordering what we originally wanted (knowing full well the bill would suck at the end of it all).
Luckily I had a decent $2.50 pint of Summer Ale and my friend had a good cocktail.
On the other hand, our 2 appetizers and burger sucked ass.
Oh and my friend also repeatedly asked for lemons in her water, only to never gotten a single one the entire time.
The only time we saw our waitress was when she served us our drinks (she didn't actually deliver the food).
She never came by to see how we were doing nor came by to ask if we were done (we'd been sitting there doing nothing for awhile after we finished eating).
So, as tempted as I was to leave no tip at all, I begrudingly gave her a "f**k you" dollar (which I would've much rather have used on a cocktail waitress!
)  Planet Hollywood...I always knew it sucked, I'd been to others.
But damnit, fell prey to them again.
Shame on me!
========== Update: If I could remove a star, I would.
When I got back from my vacay, I noticed that they'd charged me for a cocktail that we most definitely did not order.
Luckily, Amex rocks and did a small charge back in no time flat.

So we got a $50 voucher from a Time share presentation we participated in.
I have only been to a Planet Hollywood restaurant once in my life when they had one here in SF.
It was so long ago that i did not remember if i like it or not.
So with that and the free voucher and plus as hungry as we were he hit this place up.
I'm glad we didn't have to pay.
Don't get me wrong our food was actually good but damn the prices just kill you.
I don't understand with food being so cheap in LV how could this place charge what they do.
And to my surprise the place is packed.
My hamburger was huge and left me well satisfied, so much i headed back to the hotel room for a nap after my meal due to how full i felt.
The GF had some chicken pasta which was really flavorful and a well sized portion.
For deseart we split a strawberry shortcake which was great way to finish the meal.
The service was very good.
We were seated promptly and our waiter was very attentive.
Looking at the all the Hollywood memorabilia and trying to remember which movie/show it belonged to was fun.
Overall the experience with this place was good.
But it does not justify the prices they charge.
The food is comparable to any other other good chain restaurant, but $13 for a cheeseburger and fries is just to much.
therefore the -1 star is for pricing vs quality.

happy hour is where it's at!!
planet hollywood has normal food at not so normal prices but my friend had a gift certificate so we made it worth our while.. we got 2 appetizers and an entree to share for $10 each!!
they also have a great bar!!
the food isn't special or anything but it's a fun place to check out and have a drink at.
the bartenders here are also really nice and friendly!!
it's cool because they have a bunch of cool things on the walls like costumes and props and movies playing on the tvs.
planet hollywood is the place to hit up if you don't have enough money to eat at craft steakhouse..

Thoroughly disappointing...
I would never go back to a Planet Hollywood...

Located inside the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops mall.
It's a little hard to find, located somewhat deep in the mall.
This restaraunt is NOT related to the PH Hotel.
Very overpriced mediocre food.
We only ate here because we had gift certificates / vouchers.
The ribs are very mediocre.. stay away.
Blech!
The burgers were safe, but on par with the $1.95 Happy Hour special you'd find somewhere else.
The best part I remember was dessert.
The brownie dessert was decent.
3 stars..
The rest is 1-2 stars.
I would be outraged if I had to pay full pop.
The place is rockin with tourists.
It is loud inside.
Reminds me of an upscale Red Robin for Adults.
This place does have a happy hour.. although the bar is pretty small.
This place is closer to 1.5 stars.. and I would never eat here again unless it was free.. but I've been to worse, and the service was OK.

Ok fellow Yelpers...it seems many of you are yelping about the hotel.
I believe this location is specifically for the restaurant and NOT the hotel.
The restaurant is located inside the Forum shops in Caesar's Palace hotel.
The food is your average American food with average prices.
The service we received was pretty good though.
She was really friendly, outgoing, and funny at times.
The only thing we had to complain about was the fact it was quite dim and the dim lighting kind of made us sleepy or hurt our eyes trying to see our foods.
I ordered the Pasta Carbonara and it was a good size.
I almost finished it.
It was also pretty tasty.
Everyone else ordered burgers and other sandwhiches that looked decent too.
Again, there's nothing super special about their foods.
But it isn't that bad and there is a lot to choose from.

excellent experience.
the food is priced well, especially for vegas.
friendly and speedy servers.
i recommend this restaurant to anyone not looking to spend too much money while in las vegas

I have to say this was one of the better places to eat in Vegas, as far as price goes.
There wasn't a wait, and the servers were just fine.
We just got a turkey club, so the wait wasn't long for food.
It was just great to check out all the little trinkets and things that the restaurant featured.
The location in the mall was nice... after eating, we just went to check out the "free shows" around the mall!

the food was average.
but the waitstaff was very nice.
the place was empty.
but they were still attentive.
i had the platter.
it was pretty good.
except for their famous chicken things.
it was god-awful.
the milkshake was pretty amazing.
i have to say it.
it was.but the rest of the food you can find elsewhere.
we had to walk so far just to get to it too.
eugh.
but its not a bad place to eat.
and family friendly.

Ducked in the Forum shops while we were getting rained on outside.
We were hungry and settled on Planet Hollywood.
The food here was bland to say the least.
Nothing was very good, ribs were fatty and grisly and even the dessert cake was not good.
I'm sure there are better places to eat in the vicinity.
On a positive note, I got to look at the arm thingy used in the movie Tron and was reminded that Tim Curry played that devil guy in the old 80's movie Legend.

It was shopping day of our Vegas Vacation.
We started the morning off early and went to the Caesar mall for some breakfast and shopping.
Going there for breakfast was a bad idea b/c the Planet Hollywood cafe was the only thing open.
#1 Annoying thing about eating here for breakfast was there was only 6 tables open.
Okay, you are the only place open for breakfast and you only have 6 tables open???
I really shouldn't complain b/c we only waited about 20 min.
Anyways onto the food....
I ordered the French toast.
I don't know if its b/c I've been on a diet that limits the amount of carbs I eat or it was just really good french toast but I finished it all.
It was really good, light and YUM DELICIOUS...
I tried everything else and it was just so-so.
The food here isn't the most exciting but not bad.
If your in the Caesar mall during breakfast try it out....oh yeah, its your only option.
haha

OMG this place is horrible... i took my brother there for breakfast cause its inside ceasar palace.
I'm too lazy to go out.
they only have few selection on the breakfast menu.
The grape juice i got was so bitter and they give me and my brother both french toast when i ask for wheat french toast and biscut for him.
They put cheese when I specifically told them "No Cheese Please" I'm not being picky, I'm just hungry really want the food I ordered.. cause what I got was completely different from what I ordered..
The service is horrible I barely could see any waitress around.
next time i rather just go to some buffet for breakfast..

I went to this horrible restaurant despite reading all the negative reviews.
What a mistake I made.....
I had stayed at the Planet hollywood hotel a few months ago and absolutely loved it so I figured that the restaurant, despite being in the Caesar's Palace forum, would be great as well.
Boy was I wrong.
I ordered some kind of breaded lasagna.
It looked and tasted like some kind of paste between a bread shell.
No bueno..... the burger was pretty bland as well.
At a glance, the hollywood celebrity decorations seemed pretty cool but not after discovering they were plastic cut-outs.
Cheap!
At least i can finally say that i've been to a planet hollywood, but i think I'll stick to the Hard Rock Cafe =)

My goodness Yelpers.
You have disappointed me!!
You've given this place 2 stars!
Obviously, you've thought way too FONDLY of this hell hole.
LOL!
I just wrote a review for Delmonico, which is a fine establishment.
And now, I will write about the most horrendous establishment that is Planet Hollywood Las Vegas.
First of all, it's located in the Forum Shops at Caear's Palace, home of my favorite stores - Louis, Gucci & Tiffany.
But now I find that it's home of the WORST and overpriced "restaurant" I've ever eaten at!
Perhaps I, like other Yelpers, can be gracious and give this place 2 stars, only because the service wasn't horrible.
The food, atmosphere and presentation are another story!
I ordered a Strawberry Margarita.
It took something like forever and a day for it to come to the table.
It was surprising, since I don't remember taking Margarita mix and ice, putting it in a blender and pouring it in a glass could take so long!!!
Perhaps it was my lapse in judgment to think that I could get anything close to a decent margarita at this joint.
For lunch, I ordered some kind of chicken sandwich with avocado and a side of fries.
All that was on my plate was the chicken sandwich and a little cup of fries.
That's it.
Not even a little bit of garnish.
Even Dave & Buster's puts your crappy food on a jazzy plate.
The worst part was the TVs must've been in control of a 13-year-old.
Nothing but Disney kids (High School Musical) music videos on screen.
One bet is for sure - I'll never come back here again.

Not the highest quality of food I've ever tasted, but I found a printable coupon for $5.00 off food AND merchandise at http://www.destinationcoupons.com which made it better, eating bad food seems less terrible when you're getting it at a discount.
But, if I was smart I would have skipped the dining and just used the coupon on merchandise!
D'oh!

I went here, to PH at the Ceasar's Forum shops, to pick up my Las Vegas Power Pass in their gift shop.
That transaction went fine, and IMHO the Power Pass is worth it if you're planning on sight seeing and not gambling.
It gives you free entry to some of LV's most popular touristy attractions, plus discounts at certain places.
One of those discounts was a $10/day credit right here at  the Planet Hollywood restaurant in the Forum shops.
The first time I visited, I got a huge omelette & coffee.
The waiter was nice, and after the credit, I owed about $2.50 - not bad.
Gave the guy $5 and was on my way.
The second time, the hostess was very strained in asking me how I was.
She didn't seem to be having fun at all.
What a downer.
Okay, brushed it off.
I ordered a hamburger w/bacon & cheese, side of veggies, and it tastes decent.
But then the bad part: my waiter with the blond curly hair (didn't catch his name).
He acted a little weird, but whatever.
I was at PH, didn't expect exceptional service or food (it's just slightly above that of an IHOP really).
When my bill came, he automatically had added his 15% tip, without having asked me first.
What a douche.
I overlooked it, because I WAS going to give him 20%, so he saved me some change.
Okay.
I paid with a credit card.
After I signed the receipt, he started addressing me as "Miss [Last Name]".
Alriiight.
hum.
Third time I go, I get the same guy, he has little bursts of weird conversation with me, then ignores me the rest of the time.
Then the bill comes, and he's added his 15% again.
Okay.
This time I pay with cash, and I should get $10 back, only I get a $5 bill and four $1s.
He's stiffed me a dollar.
After already giving himself a 15% tip.
WTF?
Probably, he gets paid shit, and it is just a dollar - BUT STILL.
He shouldn't have done that.
I should've asked for a manager at that point, but I didn't.
I never really plan on going back again, but hell - I would recommend staying AWAY from here to anyone considering visiting.
Just pick up the Power Pass and leave - for good.
Leave the klepto-robber-hobbit-hair-waiter to some other victim tourists.
(I know, it was just a dollar, but it still really bugs)

Went in like fifteen minutes before closing.
I was starving, so I might be favoring this place a little more than I would otherwise...
Ordered chicken and broccoli pasta with garlic cream sauce.
It was OMG DELICIOUS.
It wasn't too creamy that I got sick of it, and the chicken was grilled and seasoned and tasted wonderful.
I couldn't have been happier if we had gone to one of those Brazilian meat buffets.
Service was a little slow, but not the worst I've had in Vegas.

2 things the balloon lady and the bar That's it.
Everything else is terrible.

Really disappointing.
The inside is nothing great at all.
It really  doesn't stand out.
The restaurants and places to eat were not that great at all.

eh, not really impressed.
my room featured the movie, "toys" starring Robin Williams.
Really?
the shower was terrible, the pipes woke me up in the middle of night with a horrible screeching noise.
also, the layout of this hotel is weird and i got terribly lost trying to find the check-in.
not a fav!

Room was nice - but you need more than one luggage rack because there is no place else to put your suitcase.
We had trash sitting outside of our door when we checked in (liked someone else on here mentioned)  and it was there for a day.
We had reserved 2 rooms through Expedia and I said they didn't have to be connecting but I would like to have them close.
We were on the 18th floor and our other party was on the 10th floor, and also we were in different towers, so much for being close.
Forget the newpaper!!!!
Also, the pool area really needs some better music - come on this is Planet Hollywood, supposed to be a hip hotel!

Just like Red Robbins, but kinda pricey.
What can you expect from Vegas really.
hahah It's not too special.
Anyways, I think it was very delicious because we were super hungry.
I really enjoyed the fries.
I love skinny fries.
Every place I try in Vegas is usually a good experience and this is one of them.
The atmosphere was very relaxing and the workers are nice and provide great service.
Good experience.
I liked their decorations.

Visit: 9/28/09 - Dinner.
NY steak and mushroom burger.
Both were good.
This place is nice to sit down at and just chill.
Especially when you have been walking all over the place shopping.
Service was slow.
My waiter had a bid party so he served them first.
Then when coming to give us our food, he went to the other table first to talk about something before setting my food on the table.
Normally you set the food down first, then talk to the other table.
Price was okay for a tourist trap.
I would come back.

Great place to hang out and get some late food and drinks.
I had the spinach dip and a beer and was satisfying.
The bartenders are cool to talk with and made our stay enjoyable.
It was cool to admire some of the props that were here and to guess what movies they came from.
The bar had some tv so we could watch sports or whatever was playing.
I could come back and just chill here.
Great place to meet others as we did and have a small chit chat session.

Yes definite tourist trap.
The stuff was ridiculously expensive.
The staff was friendly but that still doesn't make my wallet any happier.
Go find some other place.
Thank you Las Vegas for jacking up the price of food.

Good food.
Great atomesphere.
They had a $9.99 burger, fries & coke deal.
We had a $10 per person food coupon from Planet Hollywood.
Our food was free!
:))  PARKING: Valet is always recommended, saves you on walking but the wait time is sometimes scary.
Self park is AGH!
Do not go on a Thanksgiving Black Friday weekend.
WALK TIME: 20+ mins from parking structure/valet.

We stopped in on 12/20/09 for dinner before a concert, with only about an hour to spend before our concert/event.
The staff was fast, and the food was great.
Drinks were also yummy...I had a blended drink called Legally Blonde, and was just what I needed after a long flight, that resulted in us running behind schedule.
We sat at the bar, and it has a cool Sci-Fi/Horror Theme.
FYI the Forum Shops where this is located are a bit confusing.
It's located towards the center of this mall, but closer to the Casino I think.

This place is great if you love the 90s.
It's like a time warp, nothing has changed, movies you've never heard of are all over the place like Whoopi Goldbergs dress from some movie, a Hook prop, a Terminator 2 statue, did I mention this place screams 90s?
Yeah time to let it go and get some new stuff.
I had a MEH burger and a XL MEH soda and that was that.
I also wen't just because I had coupons but it was still a rip off.

First of all, I think people are making a mistake and reviewing the Planet Hollywood Hotel/Casino on this page.
This page is for the RESTAURANT, which is located in the Forum Shops at Caesar's.
Read the damn address if you don't believe me.
I first ate in Planet Hollywood when I was either 12 or 13 years old.
The Forum Shops had just opened (this is back when they had some GOOD stores/attractions!
) and we stopped in here for lunch.
Getting to this place is not easy (having to park in a garage, walk through a casino and hallways, etc.
) but is worth it.
For the unfamiliar, Planet Hollywood is to the entertainment industry what the Hard Rock Cafe is to music.
The restaurant has a ton of movie props and the like on display.
Some highlights featured on display here include a miniature used in Top Gun, a Space Shuttle model used in Moonraker, a rifle from Starship Troopers, and even a chariot wheel from Ben-Hur.
Any fan of the movie industry will get a kick out of this place.
But the biggest surprise - there is MORE to this place than just the movie stuff!
The food here is surprisingly good.
My choice item is the Spaghetti Pomodoro, which amazingly, is actually one of the best pasta dishes I have ever eaten.
The rest of the menu has a good assortment of items, as well.
Quite honestly, I don't think I have ever come in here and been disappointed food-wise.
Guess some of the disappointed reviewers came on a bad day.
My big complaint is that this place NEVER updates their props.
It's the same stuff every time.
This is cool stuff, but how hard would it be to put up a few new props every few months?
Also, the memorabilia for sale in the gift shop tends to be a bit overpriced.
I wish they would movie this place to the Planet Hollywood hotel/casino; that place is a lot more convenient and easy to get around in.
Still, with food this good, it's hard to fault the place.
Be you a tourist or local, this is one place worth checking out.

I now know  why the reviews are so low on this restaraunt the food was highly over rated

..LONG WAIT to get seated ..LONG WAIT for the food to arrive ..LONG wait for the check to arrive....
The meals were Very pricey for the quality and quantity of it.
I went with my family and the best thing i tried was a smoothie.
I would suggest just getting a drink and checking out the restaurant, and memorabilia ( which by the way is all out dated!!
)  BAD BAD choice if u go to vegas.

This is my boyfriend's and I favorite place to eat at in vegas, I know that there are other high end fancy spancy places but for some reason we always have so much fun coming here, we usually have dinner her about 6pm and have never waited in line, and we always ALWAYS order the same thing, Ribs, and Buffalo wings, One of the best wings, and ribs we have ever had.
super good we both eat and get full for only about $40.
We never order drinks her cause we always go in with our own fat tuesday margaritas.
We love this place we are going to vegas in November and will have dinner once again here for sure, Ribs and Hot wings.
ps.
rack of ribs is huge thats why we always share it.
comes with some delicious fries very seasoned!!!

i think a lot of people get this place confused with the hotel and think that its supposed to be this really great restaurant, when really its pretty much on the same level as a denny's or IHOP.
great for kids since there's so much to look at in terms of crazy/weird decor and memorabilia but yeah the food sucks and so does the service.
its pretty busy because its one of the cheaper places to eat at the forum, which is why we went.
but i went in with realistic expectations so i wasnt surprised with the mediocre food.
you have your standard burgers, sandwiches, and salads.
my experience wouldnt have been that bad if our server was a little more attentive.
not a bad place to eat if your looking for a quick bite.. but i would recommend chipotle and in-n-out over this place!

This place is excellent!
The BBQ chicken pizza was the best ive ever had!
its cheap and fast and very satisfying!
Its like having lunch in a museum!
so much to see and they play movies on all the flat screens while you're having your meal.
its fantastic!
the service is "ok"

The decor is pretty cool but the food was... utterly REVOLTING!!!
My friend who went with me actually couldn't stomach it cuz it tasted so terrible.
Please for your own good, avoid this place at all costs.
Even if you're starving....

I've been to Planet Hollywood restaurants before and I wasn't really expecting a great experience, but we were walking through Caesars Forum Shops and started to get hungry.
Not wanting Italian (Caesars = abundance of Italian restaurants) we stopped in.
I understand why most of the ones around the country closed.
It seems everyone one of them offer overpriced options.
I've had a better burger at McDonalds...

It was just okay, service was okay and food was okay.
We only went here because a $10 credit was included in our Las Vegas Power Pass.

I don't know why this place doesn't get a higher rating!
The Terminator drink is friggin awesome with a capitol F!
I quickly did away with 3...yup it was 102 outside!
The guacamole was nice and the fish tacos were tastey.
The ambient movie clips in the background can be a bit childish if the Tinkerbell movie happens to be on...
It's in the Forum shops mall so that's convenient.
Clean and cool.
I so would go back for more TERMINATORS!

Came to the restaurant because we knew the food was good and the prices were not outrageous.
We came late on a Thursday night and the place was pretty empty.
Host staff was very welcoming and sat us promptly at the booth of our choosing.
Got a few cocktails which were delicious and on the stronger side (Hey its better then a bartender jipping you of alcohol).
Ordered food and for the FIRST time ever when we asked the waiter about a certain dish he gave us his honest opinion.
We asked about a few and he said to definitely not go with those as they were not very well liked by other customers or himself.
He finally gave us great recommendations and those views were upheld when the fork or burger met my mouth.
Overall, great place to go to without spending a mound of money like other Vegas restaurants and the service was great!

We took our group of 55 students here for dinner and we had a great time.
The staff at Planet Hollywood was attentive and helpful and the food was great!
I'd definitely come back!

Let's just cut to the chase: Don't come here.
Overpriced, awful food, and the absolute worst service I've had in recent memory--and that isn't hyperbole.
After the entire table received refills of iced tea, the people who ordered water still hadn't received one.
So I politely went over to ask for refills, and the waitress, apparently annoyed that I asked her to do her job, didn't say anything, slammed the cups on the counter, filled them, and slammed the pitcher back on the counter.
That was our exchange.
The food was overcooked, and our server--Rihannor or something, must have not put in the orders right because almost everyone got something wrong.
Please, avoid this place and help put it out of business where it belongs.

When the folks I was traveling with said we were eating dinner at Planet Hollywood, I had to bite my tongue so as not to blurt out, "You're kidding, right?
"  I'd stopped into Planet Hollywood once before on a previous trip to Vegas back in 2001.
I'm sad to say that the decor doesn't appear to have changed at all since my initial visit... which is downright pathetic since the restaurant was butt-ugly back in 2001 and looks even worse now.
The entire back wall of the restaurant looks like... like...
The 80's.
I know that's a very vague description but there's no other accurate way to say it.
It's as if the Planet Hollywood designers took every tacky design principal from the 80's and applied it to a Hollywood mural of famous faces and classic movie moments.
Trust me, you'll understand if you ever see it.
But hopefully you won't.
And not to go off on a tangent, but if you're creating a mural with pictures of Hollywood megastars, why the hell is there a picture of Tom Arnold?!?
I had a bowl of chicken noodle soup and a few chicken tenders that were apparently coated with Captain Crunch.
The food okay but in no way memorable.
If you've ever wondered whether a meal would taste better if you were sitting ten feet away from a rifle used in "Starship Troopers," the answer is no.

We ate here during a hungover haze trying to find food somewhere on The Strip.
The service was great, but not a big fan of the menu... also by great service I mean they were quite accommodating after getting at least THREE of our orders wrong on the first go around.
I had the lettuce wraps - not bad although not up to par with the kind that PF Chang's has.

All the haters here... uh, note this is Las VEGAS.
Everything is expensive.
If you can't afford to go on vacation - stay home!
The food is above average and the atmosphere makes the place.
I'm a Arnold fan and some of the coolest Terminator props are here.
Also the trick pen that Pesci stabbed the guy to death in the neck during Casino.
I love it.

Friendly service.
Good food.

I have no idea why we ended up eating here!
We had been walking around for hours trying to find a place to eat lunch and we thought it would be a pretty neat spot to eat.
The food was TERRIBLE!!!!!!!
I cannot express to you how horrible this food was.
I ordered the portobello burger and the portobello tasted old and had the consistency of a tire.
The bun it was on was that overly processed white bread that you buy at the store for 99 cents a loaf.
My friend ordered the chicken tenders and I thought mine was bad!
It tasted like they pulled them out of the back of the freezer after sitting there for about a year.
I have no idea what the seasoning was on them but that was awful too.
We dined with 2 other people and their food wasn't any better.
For all 4 of us, with one drink each and a meal, we walked out of there $110 poorer.
I would have been happier to have lost that in one bet at the roulette table.
And to top it off we all felt sick to our stomachs about an hour later.
Long story short, I would never eat here again even if somebody paid me to.

The only reason why I'm giving this place 2 stars instead of 1 is because I guess I gotta give credit for their cool movie-related props on display.
Otherwise, I would give the food here a 1 star rating for lower-than Denny's quality food for Cheesecake Factory prices.
Now, you should stop reading this and decide to not eat here or to just step in and take a look around if you're into the whole movie prop/setting appreciation thing.
We ordered: Spaghetti Pomodoro: Pretty much just pasta with marinara from the jar, and the portion was about a kid's meal size.
Chicken broccoli pasta: They used a white creamy sauce that had no flavor, my gf had to add in pepper flakes and mix it with marinara sauce from my dish.
The chicken breast was dry, cooked almost as bad as how I would cook it myself.
Bacon cheeseburger: the 2 other friends each ordered this.
Neither finished theirs, making a comment saying that the pictures on the menu are deceiving.
I guess the most frustrating part of all this is the fact that the place was about half-full, and our food seriously took about 45 minutes or so to come out.
And as you can see from what we ordered, there's no way it should've taken that long  Cliff Notes: Avoid.

We ate here for my friend's birthday.
They pulled off the "Hollywood" theme of the restaurant very well as you can see (http://bit.ly/fHPGmV) It was fun to take photos with Rocky in front of the restaurant.
My friend and I shared a Philly cheesesteak, and I'm glad I did because it was delicious and filling.
My other friend ordered the burrito, and she had to take it into a to-go box because she couldn't finish it.
Overall, everyone seemed pleased with the quality/quantity of the food for the price.
I docked off two stars because of the service.
Our waiter was unfriendly and seemed in a rush all of the time.
When we were split our bill, he didn't give us our change because it would be too "inconvenient.
" I'm not complaining about losing a few cents, but I thought that was very strange.

I LOVE their appetizers... We ordered the sample platter, everything was super delicious in it, and Chicken strips are my favorite.
Their burger was terrible though.
Surprisingly, my friend ordered singapore noodle and it was really, really good(better than what we had in a lot of Asian restaurants)!
Also just to mention, we had the best service ever!

I had my wedding reception dinner her for valentines day 2011,  I must say, it was a PERFECT decision.
For the price we paid, I would have paid an additional 20 dollars per person and still been happy.
The food was abosoluty delicious.
I had the ribs and will stop by next time and vegas, just to eat the ribs again.
Veronica and her staff was amazing.
If you are looking for a place to book a wedding reception dinner in vegas, this is a hidden gem.
I am not sure for how much longer, but you get style, EXCELLANT FOOD, SERVICE, attention for under 40 bucks a person.
Email us if you have questions..

Our first few experiences there was wonderful!
Good food, great drinks, great prices(with our tix4tonight dinner tickets that we purchased earlier that day-50% off entrees).
Awesome Decors.
However, last time there, they took forever to give us our bill, and then lost our credit card.
My husband was extremely disappointed since this was his only card at the time.
I understand accidents happen, but how do you loose a credit card??
If someone can explain this... please do so!
We ended up calling the bank after we left to cancel the card.
They ended up finding it at the very end of the night, so we had to go back to pick it up the next morning.
but that was useless now cuz we couldn't re-activate the card anymore...
Better safe than sorry though.

I gotta be honest.
this is my second review in Vegas, and I cant seem to write a good one.
I am needing a good place to eat here please....   Food was ok, took 1 hour... was only told sorry it istaking so long, then the other was we are waiting on her tacos ( mind you ahi tacos) could of just fessed up and made it right.
yeah you still got the 20.00 dollar tip, but you should learn to let your tables know what is really going on, give me some soup, bring the kids food out or something like that.

Wow, I was pleasantly surprised here!
I've eaten at Planet Hollywood in Dallas and it sucked majorly.
This one was actually very good and service was fantastic!
I ordered the seared ahi tuna salad and it was stellar!

Since I was staying here, this was convenient.
However, the food was amazing!
I had dinner a few times here, the Chicken Alfredo was amazing I had at each of my stays here, and breakfast was awesome too!
It is open 24 hours so that's a plus for those who gamble late or just drinking and clubbing.
And thank God for these people that work there!
Patient when you come in drunk- PLUUUUS!
Highly recommend this whether you stay or don't stay here!

Lasagna is good.
Pizzas and salads are average.

I was pretty happy with our meals here.
We had power passes and each day, they give you $10/pass to spend here.
The first day we got lunch (I got the crispy chicken tender things which were great) and we only paid $4 (which is amazing for vegas).
The next day we got drinks and an appetizer.
The appetizer was super slow to come out, and the bartender accidentally rimmed James' margarita in sugar, and didn't remake it.
It was also a bad margarita...just didn't taste good, and we're pretty sure it was because of the well alcohol.
I got the castaway, which was fantastic.
It was like a cross between a margarita and a mojito, but with a berry-ish flavour.
I don't really know how to describe it, but I'm picky about alcohol and it was great.
However, it was STRONG.
Admittedly, I'm a bit of a light weight, but it was a LOT of alcohol.
All in all, I would definitely go back.
The bar was a fun ambiance and what I got was pretty good and decently priced (a little on the high end, but not bad).
It was also fast service, which let us get back to our trip faster.

Normally I'm not into these types of places, but my gf wanted a souvenir glass so we went there.
We asked for directions inside Caesar's and the women working the info desk gave us a card for one free appetizer.
We used it to get spinach parmesan dip served with warm, slightly moist bread.
It was pretty good.
I ordered a bbq bacon cheeseburger medium rare.
Props to them for actually serving it medium rare.
The burger was very juicy, and had great flavor.
Fries were surprisingly tasty also.
My gf & I ordered fufi drinks off the menu, and they were good, and they didn't make them too watered down.
The only reason I'm not giving this a higher rating is the price.
My burger was $16.99, but it was good.

This place reaked.
The service sucked...
Forget even visiting the Las Vegas location in Cesar Forum shops....

Stopped in here while shopping because there was no place else to go.
I did not have high expectations and my expectations were met.
The food was marginal although the service was good.
The burger just wasn't very good.

As others have said, it was pure evil, and not in a good way.
Came here on my 30th birthday because of the Vegas Power Pass.
As someone in the service industry, I might try a little harder (or at all?
) to make a person's special day special.
Or at least to not ruin it.
This apparently completely missed the PH staff, who delivered the same lackluster (at best) service that they provide every other paying customer (who needs them, right?).
The wait was atrocious (seriously- for a tip, I almost felt like writing "You owe me 2 hours of my 30th birthday back), the drinks stayed empty (after they finally showed up, that is), and most of the food, once it did arrive, was wrong.
1/4 got his food correct, 2/4 got her vegetarian dish with meat, 3/4 (that would be me) got my salad with the wrong dressing, even though the waitress wrote down my request, and when I got the new salad, it wasn't tossed.
When I pointed this out, the waitress told me with quite a bit of attitude, "You asked for it dry.
"  Um, no I didn't, I just asked for bleu cheese instead of shitty thousand island on a COBB salad (oh wait, it's not a cobb because even though it was like $15, there was no avocado!).
Anyway, 4/4 didn't even receive his burrito until like 7 minutes later.
Really.
The food was actually pretty tasty, which was the only redeeming point of the entire experience.
Paying was another hour of my life lost, as the waitress didn't ring our payment correctly and then had to find a manager to reverse the charge on my credit card.
I seriously considered just leaving the card and deactivating it (I have another).
She came out just before we completely left in anger.
It really did take over 2 hours to have lunch for 4 people.
It really wasn't worth the time it stole from my life.
The next day, we forfeited the $10 PH credit on our passes.
No tip was left by anyone in our party.
As far as I'm concerned, they're lucky we paid at all.
Don't waste your precious vacation time.
On a side note: the bathroom also sucks.
Two stalls?
Really?

Seriously?
You're thinking of eating at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas?
I only came here cause mom likes chains.
Blah.
Had to send my food back and lost my appetite.
Good service, but the food is gnarly.

I was surprised that they actually make a pretty good burger.
I'd go back.

The food here is bland and the quality is shoddy.
For 20 something I expected much better.
We came here for lunch, and I tried some of the Italian food and Asian food.
The food was bland, it tasted like poorly microwaved food.
Sure there is a lot of variety, however, to my taste buds everything tasted bland and salty (especially the soups).
Bottom Line: Skip this buffet and go somewhere else.

My friends and I were starving upon our early arrival in Las Vegas.
Our room in Caesar's Palace was not available for check in at the time, so we decided to venture into the Forum Shops for breakfast.
It turned out that Planet Hollywood was really our only option, so we surrendered our stomachs to the touristy chain.
The restaurant was decked out in all of its traditional Hollywood paraphernalia, but was spacious and well-maintained.
The breakfast menu was surprisingly well-stocked with the basics, so it was just what we needed.
My Vegetable Omelet was delicious, as was the hearty toast that accompanied it.
The side of potatoes were also flavorful, but rather greasy.
The coffee and service were both decent, but nothing memorable.
All in all, our breakfast experience at Planet Hollywood was perfectly fine, though that was much more than I had initially expected!

I had my wedding here a few weeks ago.
Everything seemed fine, their service was great.
However, on the actual day, they didn't really have everything together.
The table layout that they gave me was not what they did.
They actually did the total opposite so my guests weren't seated where I planned for them to sit.
The champagne bottle I had asked to be left at my head table wasn't there so I had to flag down someone to get it right in the middle of the ceremony and the steaks were chewy and the alfredo was a little bland.
All other food was good though.
Overall it was great except for the minor things noted above.

In Planet Hollywood Restaurant's defense, I did not get to actually experience the restaurant.
It was more of my experience at the bar.
I stopped in trying to kill some time.
The atmosphere was definitely different in comparison to any bar I've been to.
Tons of celebrity memorabilia throughout.
From where I was sitting, I could see a statue or Stallone as Rocky next to a framed pair of boxing shorts that was actually worn by Stallone in the movie.
Behind me, I'm not sure but it looked like an Alien from the movie Alien.
I ordered a Blue Moon, which was served with 2 slices of orange (I think this is the only time I've gotten it with 2 slices...
I'm just saying).
I was watching the NFL game, but from where I was sitting the Philips Flatscreens were both faced at an angle and I was sitting dead-center.
At least there was no glare on the TV so I could actually watch the game.
Behind me was a tremendous projector screen with the same game on.
That tv was epic in size, but suffering in quality.
I also noticed another TV playing in the corner (much smaller) and it was the video that corresponded to the songs playing throughout the restaurant.
Based on just sitting in the bar, I can tell you that the prices are a bit on the expensive side: nearly $15 for a burger named after a celebrity or movie.
I was very close to ordering  their famous Captain Crunch Chicken Strips (I think that was the name) for $10, but decided I wouldn't have enough time to enjoy it.
Anyhow, Blue Moon was on point and the service was decent.
I definitely gotta come back one of these days to actually review the restaurant all-together.
Stay tuned for a full review.
Pros:  * service was decent.
I was acknowledged immediately.
* bartender remembered the faces of people that frequent.
total plus!
*  They had Blue Moon and Fat Tire on tap.
2 of my favs!
Cons:  * a bit pricey  * took awhile to get the bill   Overall:   I didn't have the opportunity to review this place in its entirety.
I definitely will have to come back and try the restaurant.
As for the bar.. 3 stars.
It was A-Ok.

I actually liked it quite a bit.
I had the chicken crunch for appetizer (only 4 pieces, not really worth $10) and a full rack of ribs for entree.
It was HUGE.
I ended up forcing down the entire thing because I was going to a show after and I didn't want to carry around a doggy bag.
I wish there was an option for only a half rack...  Just expect to either share or take home half.
Fries were good, too.
And there's tons of specialty drinks named after movies if you're into that sort of thing.

Skip it.
Nineteen dollars for a chicken avocado sandwich and soda.
Food was not hot and was fairly tasteless.
Even the movie memorabilia is kinda lame.
Service was slow on a non-busy Sunday afternoon.
If you need a burger, go across the street to Johnny Rockets in the Flamingo.

After wandering around The Forums, we settled on this restaurant to visit.
The was easy to get a table and our waiter was friendly and helpful.
However, we soon noticed a sticky sauce stain at the edge of our table from some previous diner and also stained our clothes on it.
I suppose the person cleaning the table could have missed the sauce stain as it blended with the dim lightning and was at the edge.
We ordered the Southwestern (salad) and the Spaghetti Pomodoro.
While the salad was so large that it couldn't be finished, the spaghetti was disappointingly small.
It almost seemed as if there was only one and a half cups of cooked spaghetti on the large plate.

Food was terrible.
The presentation was very bad.
We had a waiter who didn't know how to interact with people and would just stare at us awkwardly.
Food made us sick afterward.
The atmosphere was decent, but it doesn't make up for the food or the terrible wait staff.
This was the worst restaurant that we ate at in Vegas, and we got stuck here because we were told that it was similar to Planet Dailies at Planet Hollywood, which was a complete LIE.

Really was sadden by the restaurant.
The tables are covered in cheesy blue tarp, booths were torn up to pieces.
Not really the glitz and glamor you expected back in their glory days!
Food was decent, something you can definitely find anywhere.
I had the burger with fries (meh) and my friend had their spaghetti of meager proportions.
The service was mediocre, he looked flustered to be having to handle three-four tables at one time.
The hostesses were REALLY nice though.
I can now check this restaurant off my list of places to eat and never look back.

The service is slow and lackluster.
My wife and I must have waited about 35 min for our food.
No plates were given with our apps.
When we asked, we didn't get plates but got 2 different saucer plates.
The refills never happened.
The waitress was not around.
The world famous chicken crunch app is nothing more than fried chicken strip.
The spaghetti was actually pretty good.
But you're in Vegas; go somewhere else.

Food was really mediocre, I felt like I was eating at Ihops or Denny's but paying a higher price.
The only reason we came here was the $10/pp coupon from purchasing the Vegas pass.
Won't recommend this place to anyone because there's plenty of good eats in Vegas

I'm just going to put it out there, why is the Planet Hollywood restaurant not at the Planet Hollywood hotel?
Anyways, based on other reviews I feel that maybe the reason I've rated it a little higher than most is because of the memories I have of this location from when I was younger.
I remember thinking how exotic sounding Captain Crunch breaded chicken tenders from the kids menu sounded.
Supposedly it was one of the founders favorite ways to eat chicken tenders and did it taste awesome!
I remember coming here and waiting over an hour for a table and them using both levels of the restaurant.
I also remember there being employees in the womens restroom that offered you towels, lotion, mints and other small toiletries.
However, that being the past, lets get into my visit last weekend.
My boyfriend and I always come here whenever we are in Vegas.
Do I think it's a shadow of it's former self?
Yes.
Do I still enjoy the kitschy decorations?
Yes.
Would I come back again?
Yes.
We were seated on the lower level in the room that's supposed to look like a set from a sci-fi show/movie.
We were sitting next to a large group celebrating a birthday.
We were using a coupon which was 20% off $30.
You can find a lot of coupons for this place.
However, the best one is one you get at the concierge of The Forum Shops which is a free appetizer.
After we were seated the waiter came up and took our drink orders.
Since we had been drinking liquor all day we decided to go with soda.
Since this is a Pepsi establishment I ordered Sierra Mist and my boyfriend went with Pepsi.
"I'm sorry, we don't have anymore Pepsi.
" Okay, they the boyfriend decided to go with root beer.
"I'm sorry, I think we're out of root beer as well.
" The waiter left to go check and was able to bring back the root beer.
What kinda place runs out of soda on a Saturday night?
We ordered the "World Famous Chicken Crunch" appetizer, two side salads with ranch and a fettuccine alfredo with chicken and vegetables to split.
The chicken crunch is actually the Captain Crunch chicken tenders I remember from when I was younger.
It's usually my favorite part of the meal.
The salads came out after the chicken tenders and it's your typical salad.
Nothing special about it.
Then the main course came out with two plates to split.
It was good but we couldn't finish it because it was too much food!
They offered to box it to go but we are in Vegas, we weren't going back to the room and would probably leave it somewhere.
Needless to say, no dessert.
Paid and left.
This past year I've noticed that they have a live DJ in the little window where they used to have a souvenir stand.
I've only noticed him in the evening though and not at lunchtime.
I don't know if it's a seasonal or regular thing though.
I come to Vegas in the summer and sometime in Spring and he was there both times.

Very slow service, 15 minutes for first glass of water, down hill from there, Food was so/so.
Will not be going back here with all the other options.
Maybe just a bad night was a Sunday but was not busy for the slow service.

I really really hoped our bad experience was just a one off, but after reading other reviews i see it wasnt.
The only reason we went to this place was because of the $10 coupon, that seems to have suckered lots of people in.
Sat down, ordered water with lemons, Didnt get the lemons until after we had started eating and drank all the water  2.
Waited nearly an hour to get our food ( you dont do that to hung-over people in Vegas) 3.
Three out of 5 orders were wrong (I was the only on brave enough to send mine back) 4.
Everything was over cooked (Dont order well done here) 5.
Had to flag down someone elses waitier because ours dissappeared 6.
Well done = Burnt 7.
Food was just bad, our table alone went through a whole bottle of ketchup just to be able to digest it.
When the manager came over hear our complaints he knocks the water all over the table (lol).
But then never brought more.
When your putting that much ketchup on your food you need plenty of water.
The only positive was that they bring you the check in 2mins flat at least, and to their credit they did give us a discount, but   Most ppl can forgive bad service with great food, or tolerate bad food with good service but certainly not both.

We came here to get a lil snack in since we had late dinner reservations.
It wasn't anything special, your typical bar type food.
I did enjoy the cocktail we got though.
legally blonde, nice fruity frozen drink.
The waiter was really nice and attentive.
We ordered a bunch of appetizers Nachos, Sliders, Potato Skins.
There wasn't anything special about these, just typical bar food.
If you were going for more experience if you are visiting, I would recommend elsewhere.

Extremy dissatisfied.
My friends and I were seated quickly.
They weren't busy at all.
When we finally ordered we had to wait and wait and wait.
Our waitress walked passed us several times and never mentioned or offered any info on the status of our food.
I began getting very impatient and had to ask her.
Customer service was not up to par and the food wasn't as satisfying as I had hoped.

My fiance and I ate here on March 31 (yes, I know I am a bit late in posting this) which was the last day that they were to be at that location so it turned out that they were out of a lot of things.
This was totally understandable since the new location would not open for two weeks.
Who would want to buy a 55 gallon tub of ice cream and not use it and have to throw it out?
Our waitress was very upfront about the items that were not available and the different ways that they could be made with the ingredients that they did have on hand.
I am interested to see where they are the next time I am there.

Came here to eat prior to watching a show.
Decent American food without the outrageous Las Vegas price tag.
Then again, hard to mess up a cheeseburger...

Myself and 5 other people went here after a long day of walking around Las Vegas.
The food was okay, but not really worth the up-charged prices of Vegas.
Service was slow too - over an hour for two salads, two burgers, and a plate of nachos.
It wasn't even really that busy.
Best part of the night: The server was nice.

This place was so horrible that I am embarassed that I ate there.
There was very little real movie stuff, the food was cold and bad.
The sevice was slow.
Stay away from this terrible place.

Food was cold !
The chicken on the grilled chicken burger was the size of a chicken strip .
The Lady that came around asking to take our pic for a totally free post card....THEN she comes back with the pics while we were eating to show us !!!
We said no thanking to buying the pics .
She tried harder to sell us the pics and then seemed VERY annoyed that we didnt buy them !!
We came in to eat and relax ...why the pressure to buy yet another pic !!
!The womens bathroom has 3 stalls 2 had no toilet paper and one had a small amount .
We had better food for half the price at Dennys .

My husband and I had a wonderful time.
The restaurant was quite since we were in between the lunch and dinner rushes but it was much more preferable this way.
The food was outstanding and our server was great, the ribs were out of this world.
I only wish I could remember the servers name to give him kudos.

We had a meal ticket and so we had a separate menu from the original, everything though were just burgers and pastas.
My guy ordered the chili burger and I, the clear sauce pasta.
Our order came out at an efficient time, and he enjoyed his chili burger but really should be called a hamburger with a hint of chili because there were hardly and Chili inside!
Don't be stingy with your Chili!!
My pasta was mediocre, too much oil if you asked me but not terrible!
we both got the ice tea and it was suppose to be unlimited drinks, but when I asked for a cup of coffee she denied me of my drink!?
Than our dessert of ice cream, which literally took almost 40 minutes to get to us, not to happy that a simple ice cream took thatttt long!
I think our server was new at her job, she seemed to threw in randomly said to us when she handed us our checks " you keep out of trouble?
" we chuckle in awkwardness and mumbled to each other "umm why did she even say that?
"  Being that we didn't even really chatted the whole time when she was bringing us our food ...maybe just to throw something in there for a fatter tip ?
i don't know ?

This location is not going to last long.
The Classic Burger ($13) was terrible.
The waitress said it was Angus, tasted more like cheap ground.
Pasta was mediocre.
Save your money, go to Island's or Claim Jumpers.
Best part of dinner was the dessert.
Can't mess up a brownie and ice cream too much.
PH need to step up the quality.
They can't ride cn celebrity name forever.

To me, this place is all about expectations.
I mean is it going to he the height of innovative cuisine and culture, um no!
This is a fun little place you stop when you just want something simple and easy.
It has all its movie and music memorabilia on the walls and TVs blasting teen pop and Hollywood interviews.
The inside is all pink and purple and sort of is a feast or assault on your eyes depending on how you see it.
We came here because it was close to where we were shopping and it worked!
We had wings, beers, a burger and some pasta.
All were pretty good.
Although my Cajun pasta was really greasy (and I am not sure why).
I thought our server was friendly and attentive and the prices were Vegas resort prices (so they sucked).
I thought it was perfectly a-ok!

They have tons of memorabilia on the walls here, hell we sat under Tom Cruise's pants!
They were short.
The food was decent here.
We started with the wings and then I had a burger and fries.
Nothing really sticks out to me, so it was really neither bad nor good.
The tv was on a constant loop so we got to see the red carpet premiere of the Hangover 2 several times in the hour or so we were here.
Everything was relatively expensive, but hey, it's Vegas!

Husband ordered portobello burger from vegetarian menu and said it was the best burger!
My mashed potatoes with a side of Alfredo were delicious.
My co-worker ordered a chicken salad and said it was amazing.
Waitress Miriam was a but off.
Food was excellent.

On St. Paddy's day all the Irish Bars were full, and we stumbled on this little treasure as part of a pub crawl.
The Bar service was awesome & the welcoming we received made our day so much merrier & fun.
Irish Coffee, Car Bombs, and whiskey with Tonic by our Bartenders Rob & Andrew helped get us langers in no time.
Will be sure to make this a regular stop when visiting the strip.

Clips and music they play was annoying at best.
Food okay.
Atmosphere was okay.
Not really for me.

My friends and I planned to eat at Cheesecake Factory but seeing that it was a 30 minute wait and we were starving, we ventured to go eat somewhere else.
We found planet hollywood and gave it a try.
Service was friendly.
Our waitress was nice and asked if this was our first time.
She kindly explained all of their signature dishes.
My friend and I ordered the L.A. Lasagna, one of their signature dishes.
The picture on the menu looked delicious, unfortunately the food was not.
They were little lasagna rolls and the outside layer was fried.
It just tasted really cheap, especially for a $17 dish.
My other friend ordered chicken (i dont remember the specifics) with mashed potatoes and spinach.
Now that was good.
If I ever did come back I definitely wont be getting the LA Lasagna again.

Terrible service, waited 45 minutes of no service and had to ask for someone to take our order.
When we were finally done eating, the waitress probably knew we were pissed and wasn't going to give her a good tip.
So she decides to pull a fast one and over charge us $30 bucks.
Nice girl, then waitress disappeared.
Told the hostess to find her too adjust the bill and wife still gave her a $3 tip which I felt was too much for no service.
Food was oily and soggy.
This place doesn't deserve even one star.
Guess with only tourist as customers they don't need to have good service, since we will never go back anyway.
I highly don't recommend this tourist trap.
Food and service is not there.
If you do decide to go, just bring a calculator and make sure they don't try and cheat you on your check.

Expensive food for the crappy service.
Food was good but not great.
The cheapest thing was a burger and chicken salad sandwich, which were $14.
But the good thing was we got to sit outside in the sun on the patio with a view of the strip (second floor)

This is located on the upper level of Cesar's Palace.
We went on a Friday afternoon and were seated almost right away at a comfortable seating area directly in front of the restaurant.
Even with people walking by, it was quiet and comfortable.
The server was friendly and the food was excellent.
It is pricey like most strip restaurants.
There is an employee who walks around talking photos of your group.
You get a complimentary photo and additional photos are aorund $20.
Cute photos, but expensive.
We had a great time and would return again.

Such a cool restaurant.
It's decorated with all sorts of memorabilia.
I wouldn't know the price range because I was with my family so I didn't pay.
My cousins ate a 7 oz burger and it was huge and looked delicious.
I had pasta and even that was yummy.

Another concierge event review!
I would rate this place 3.5 stars, but since this was a free event for me & my love we will bump it up to 4.
First off I would like to thank Where Magazine and Planet Hollywood inside the Forum Shops for inviting all concierges to check out their new location.
WAY BETTER than the old one.
LOVE THE PATIO VIEW!!
We were offered a breakfast buffet that included pancakes with blueberry compote, eggs benedict, bacon, sausage, omelettes, fresh fruit and a couple items I am missing.
All were delish but the Denver omelette was my fav.
We were also promised mimosas on the invitation.
When we arrived we were offered juice or coffee.
Luckily I stayed til the end when the champagne arrived and indulged in a couple early morning cocktails.
The management and staff were all super nice and made sure they worked the room and introduced themselves to all of us.
If I was a tourist or had company, I would not hesitate to bring them here.
Awesome decor and one wall dedicated strictly to Vegas with all Vegas based movies.
Hopefully I will be in the Forum Shops soon so I can stop by for a drink or bite.

It was an "OK" experience.
more expensive then some of the classier places on the first floor.
They offer a free photo and but it's a sales pitch to try and get you to buy the bigger and better pictures.
The store offers you a rewards program and when you say yes, they tell you it's actually a credit card... and we don't have any of these restaurants around us so no thanks!

Style , Quality, Consistency ,Value ----need I say more --ok PF Chang's is a really really good restaurant first ----a chain second !
Without a doubt the best Chinese food I have ever had and excellent service :)

I used to really love this place for the drinks!
They they started cheaping out on the ingredients to make their signature drinks.
I used to go w the Terminator to get the night started while in Vegas.
With nothing but cheap alcohol this has me saying, "I won't be back!
" I still love their appetizer chicken crunch though!
I order this every time!

Planet Hollywood is one of my favorite places to eat!!
I eat here when ever I am close to one!
The LA Lasagna is amazing!!!!!
Deep fried lasagna what's not to love?
This is a great location too.
It is located in the heart of the strip in Ceaser's Palace.
Look for coupons in local books.
There are many for $5 off purchase of $20 or more and $10 off $30 or more!

Overpriced mediocre food...
Slow friendly service....
Hair in my food (management didn't seem very concerned about it)... Should've known by the lack of waiting time for a table, while all the other restaurants had a 45 min wait....

Wow.
Lame service.
Server took ages to greet us and never apologized.
Burger was supposed to be medium and came out very rare after a 45 minute wait.
Wait staff needs training.
People complaining all around us.
Skip this place.
Expensive and poor quality.

Made a pit stop here to grab a quick bite after exploring Caesars palace.
The staff was really friendly and let my friend bring here giant margarita from down the strip in.
The service here was great our waitress was really friendly and attentive.
However, what I found unfortunate was with my food.
I ordered the nachos but, since I'm a vegetarian I asked for it without the chili.
What I ended up getting was a big plate of chips with only a little bit of cheese.
This meant that after eating the few chips that had cheese on them it was basically just a plate of plain chips (no pico or anything) for the full price.
It was quite a disappointment.

I LOVE Planet Hollywood because it is literally central on the strip.
Easy to get anywhere, and literally has just about anything you may want/ not want when in Vegas.
I also am a huge fan of the boutique Lola which is located inside the Miracle Miles, and of the sandwich shop EARLS --- yumm!!!
I also enjoy the themed rooms.
My boyfriend thinks it's fun to see what theme we get.
Definitely clean, good casino, a bit dated but the prices are totally reasonable.
Great location/ space for anyone who wants the luxury of convenience but doesn't want to shell out too much for a hotel room.

CRAP CRAP CRAP!!!!!
OMG, I even told the waitress that my dish didn't taste good, I hardly ate it and she just said sorry and gave us our check.
REALLY?!?!
Good customer service is if the customer is not satisfied the restaurant usually will not allow you to pay for the nasty dish that is supposed to be their signature LA Lasagna.
Now I remember why I never liked Planet Hollywood when I lived in LA (hometown).
LOL.
DONT COME HERE!!
NASTY NASTY NASTY, your better off going to Cheesecake Factory (now they have yummmay food.

If this was the first time I had ever been here I most certainly would not come back.
They are usually good,but today was not their day.
First, there were three different parties waiting around noon on a not very busy Thursday.
It was almost ten minutes before the hostess showed up.
I only wanted an appetizer and ordered potato skins.
After waiting almost 30 minutes, what I got was half done potato wedges, with about a tablespoon of sour cream, almost no bacon or chives, and very little cheese.
I asked the waitress for ketchup, and she promptly took an order for customers across the waiting room.
After almost ten  minutes, I finally got the ketchup, about a tablespoon.
After I had almost finished my "meal", she finally asked if I wanted a drink refill which I got it over 5 min later.
Interestingly she said there was "something going on in the kitchen".
Everyone has a bad day, but managers need to realize that one experience like this can translate into many lost customers.
Again, I would return again at some point, but there is never any excuse for food or service like this no matter how bad a day the kitchen is having.
Obviously the manager was asleep at the wheel this lunch hour.

This was one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had.
Our food (simple breakfast orders) took nearly 45 minutes to come to our table.
It was overpriced, nearly tasteless and utterly generic.
The orders came missing items that were supposed to be included (fruit and toast).
We would have said something, but our waitress didn't come back until after we were finished eating.
It took another 10 minutes to get our change back after getting the bill, making our sitting at this sorry excuse for a dining establishment about 1.5hours.
If you have 2 hours and $35 to waste for a lousy breakfast, put Planet Hollywood on your list of attractions to visit in Vegas.

I got the 50% entre coupon from tix4tonight but never thought the food would be so bad.
The world famous chicken crispy appetizer is so bland and hard.
Feels like it was fried twice or something.
Would not recommend this.

I wasn't terribly excited about going here for dinner, but we had half price coupons, and it was close to the show we had tickets for.
Turns out I was totally impressed.
Our server was pleasant and attentive.
Service was quick.
Food was brought to the table hot off the grill.
My steak was cooked perfectly, and the ribs that my husband ordered were tender and flavorful.
As we were leaving, we realized that we had lingered a little too long, and had to move fast to make the beginning of our show.
The manager took the time to escort us on a shortcut, and even ran back to get my jacket that I realized I had left!
Amazing friendly service and great food, too.

The atmosphere is very inviting and great, flavorful food to top it off.
The spice in the calamari is spot on and the LA lasagna is out of this world.
With a great view and solid price range this is one restaurant.on the strip that seems like it was almost made for the local and tourist alike.
A must see for good food and even better times.

We had super slow service.
Took forever to get our drinks (2 sodas!
) we ordered an appetizer and it arrived a few minutes ahead of our meals.
Would have been nice to have enjoyed our appetizer BEFORE we were served our meals.

After reading some of the reviews before dining at Planet Hollywood, I was incredibly skeptical.
To my utter surprise, the customer service was EXCELLENT.
Archie, our server, was genuine and helpful and overall gave us a lasting positive impression of the restaurant.
Now, being from Hawaii, food prices are already ridiculous.
We expected high tourist prices...mediocre size and taste.
Were we WRONG.
The food was amazing.
We ordered and shared four appetizers between three adults and three children- the calamari was excellent as were the crispy chicken fingers which were very moist.
The chicken lettuce wraps were ok, but I think PF Chang's tastes better.
The rib eye entree was $24 and the steak was very, very large and cooked well.
The chicken and broccoli pasta and friend lasagna was excellent.
There was absolutely nothing wrong with the entrees we received in the slightest.
We even had to take half of our entrees to go because the appetizers filled our bellies.
We didn't mind paying the 17% gratuity and we were so happy with our service that we just had to give Archie additional tip.
Excellent dining experience which I recommend to anyone in Las Vegas.

Descent place, a bit pricey on food & beer though, but then it is Vegas.
Great staff and manager.
Very accommodating and friendly.
Food was good and portions were adequate.

Note, the ratings really reflects the lack of service from our waiter and his generally poor attitude.
Aside from the charred burger they gave my daughter, the rest of the food was actually pretty good.
But the lousy service left such an unpleasant feeling that any good karma was overwhelmed.
To begin, we eat early, the restaurant was not crowded and most of the tables in the section we were seated at were empty.
We were given a menu to peruse and I noticed a few other tables being seated after us.
When our waiter finally showed up to the section, he basically got to EVERYBODY else before making his way to our table.
Other people got their drinks before we were even greeted by him.
I don't know if he was new, or the hostess didn't tell him who should have been seen to first, but I find this to be absolutely ridiculous.

Food was average.
My drink was awesome!
I had Independence Day.
And I got to keep the glass a souvenir.

Little pricey for the food.
The reason it pays to come to this place is the excellent drink menu, and souvenir cups, glasses, mugs, etc.
that you can take with you.
The place is packed with movie trivia and buy stuff in the store next-door.
Nice stuff for lunch during the convention...and creates a good memory!

One of my spots to visit in Sin City since our Condo is across the street.

Sorry, super late on this review as I am as newer yelper.
My wedding reception was held here in Sept 2011 following my wedding ceremony at the Flamingo.
Upon initial booking, there were several locations in the restaurant to hold our venue depending on party size.
My party was about 30 people so we were going to be held in the semi-private room, which I was ok with.
I wasnt too picky.
I saw in the pictures this one room that had a zebra print floor which I thought was so cool, considering our colors were black and white with red flowers.
When we arrived, we were instantly walked upstairs to the fully private room WITH THE ZEBRA FLOOR.
That totally made my night.
The food was delish, no complaints there.
The two girls who were our servers were THE BOMB.
My mother even made a comment to them about how great they were.
We had at a fast pace gotten through our open bar amount so they were kind as to inform me and see if I wanted to end it there or expand it a little bit.
Now, onto their "gourmet wedding cake.
"   No joke, simply amazing.
My uncle (whom owns 2 candy shops in Joliet, IL) to THIS DAY still talks about this cake everytime he sees me.
We will be at other family weddings and he still brings up this cake, HA!
The only hiccup throughout the night (which I really wouldnt even call it that much of a hiccup) was that the DJ had put a nice message on the big screen for the whole restaurant to see that said "Congratulations Stephanie and Michael" but my hubbys name is Peter.
We, along with our guests, actually were just cracking up about it and of course was the joke of the rest of the weekend.
The DJ immediatly came upstairs to apologize but we didnt care.
It was funny :)

Food was good, service was rude to a point it was appalling.
The front desk girl was a MAJOR b!tch, we (NICELY) asked if she could tell our waiter to add in an app, and she went from 0 to 60 and said very bitterly "um.
Hes like around the corner.
So ask him " and gave us the dirtiest look and walked away.
Wtf.
We all are just sitting here stunned.

Didn't stay at the hotel just came from across the street at The Cosmo to get some fast food.
Great selection of food here and lots of shopping.
Next time we come to Vegas I will definitely look into staying here!

Food was just ok and service was mediocre.
It's a long walk to the top of Caesars forum shops to.
Overall I wouldn't recommend nor go back.

This place was fun and felt like home.
Being from Los Angeles you would think we'd come to Las Vegas to sample something unfamiliar , but it was nice to come here with a big group of people and not worry about people not liking what's on the menu because everything seemed good.
I ordered the Blackened Chicken Pasta and it was creamy, it was spicy, it was delicious.
The boyfriend ordered the LA Lasagne, it was huge!
I don't know how they fill those noodles then deep fry it, but the lasagne was good.
Our hostess ended up being out waitress, and she was friendly, made good conversation.
The decor and place settings had Hollywood celebrity photos and quizzes to keep your minds busy over dinner, it was fun.
I would recommend this place to anyone who has never been to Hollywood and wants to escape to the cheesy touristy glamour of celebrities.

Love the decor and atmosphere (what's not to love about old movie props and cheesy hollywood tie ins?
) and the menu is quite alright (albeit pricey).
Thankfully there were a few vegetarian items on the menu so I wasn't left out.
My boyfriend got the Kobe chili nachos and was in heaven.
He hardly put a dent in the massive plate they gave him!
Good, but their food is kind of generic.
You come more for the atmosphere.

Came here for a show and the place was crazy busy!!.
Never made it into the Casino area but, where the shops and restruants are they are keeping it up greatly.
Could be a bit cooler tho when it is over 100 outside

