Been going here 3 years ---Love this place  !!
Tina ~ love my nails !!
Polo ~ love my pedis!

This is the only place I get my nails done.
They are professional, the polish is always perfect and lasts for weeks.
Polo is excellent at the foot massage, and everyone in this salon is so nice.
If you get a mani or pedi here once, you will never be a stranger.
Kathi also does facial services and waxing, though I have never had anything done by her.
Love them!

Very personable staff.
It's a smaller nail salon, but nice and clean.
Polo, as well as other staff very polite!

First I have to say everyone was very friendly and polite.
However I asked for my nails to be as short as possible for my pedicure and two days later I had to trim them.
I discovered that the corners were left long and one was so sharp and pointy that it cut into my other toe while running.
I also noticed that the coverage on some nails wasn't that great, but somehow there is polish on the bottom of some toes.
The people were great, but I have given up on pedicures to get my nails short enough.
I will just save the money and do it myself.

Best place my roomie and I have ever been.
Friendly.
Funny.
And Polo is amazing.

Gel manicure and regular pedicure for ~$50 is a way better value than other, more "sophisticated" places in town.
I feel sad that I have cheated on Polo and the gang in the last few months but now, never again.
$50 buys you the bare minimum gel polish some places, not to mention the manicure that comes with it.
You don't have all the choices here of the different colors or accents but the price and customer service is so worth it.

Been going to this place for a few years and I love it!
Clean friendly staff.
Polo is the best with pedicures a must try

I've had an average experience here before but i don't write reviews until I visit it for a second time.
Based on my second visit, I will not be returning.
I've just got the worst french gel ever.
Do not get it done it here.
Wasted 27 dollars.
The polish is lob-sided.. nail polish is underneath the nails.. the polish also looks bumpy, not smooth.. the polish passes my natural nail line so my real nails look way shorter than it acturally is..Disappointed.

So many choices in this area.
Based on reviews and location, I chose LA Nails.
Jackpot!
The reviews were accurate.
Very welcoming, clean establishment, friendly staff, and talented, as well.
I had the #2 pedicure  which was superbly done by Polo.
Michelle did a fine job on my eyebrows.
As she said, "I look sexy!
"  I bet she says that to all the girls but I liked it.
This was only my first visit.
I am hoping each experience in the future matches my first one.

This place should be called disaster nails.
Really nice people working there and I know my colleagues go there, but I can't understand why.
They were gonna get 3 stars (knocked off two for cleanliness, yuck).
Lost a big star for cutting my skin along with my nail.
Lost the last star for charging my $7 for the worst nail art I've ever seen.
I asked for rhinestones, showed them a pic, and now that it's dried, you don't see the rhinestones, you see the glue!
And I've already lost a rhinestone in 10 minutes.
Really?!
I'm so upset.
My finger hurts from being clipped, and my nails look awful.
Great, I don't have time to go get this fixed.
Did I mention it took 3 hours?!

