I usually like the staff.
There's a particular girl who remembers when because I come once a week.
They have really good prices and it's super close to my house.
Nothing that bad to take any stars away.
They are super busy and probably the staple east side smoke shop so all their items are usually readily stocked and fresh.

I wasn't a big hookah smoker until I bought my woman a hookah for Christmas.
I pretty much was a noob at this coming into the store.
I told the clerks in there what I wanted, and they brought out an assortment of hookahs for me to pick out.
I knew I wanted a Mya, so the owner brings out all the Mya hookahs in my price range.
They were very patient and attentive with me.
I checked out a bunch that they were throwing at me.
Finally she brings out the mothership which instantaneously catches my eye.
Not only was the hookah beautiful, it came with a big case that had a combo lock on it.
This is the perfect deter for the hookah accessory thief (inside joke).
I bought a bunch of extra accessories to go with the package.
She threw in some coal and shisha tabacco.
At checkout, she gives me a 20% discount.
So I leave there wondering if I got overcharged.
I price match all that I bought with the prices online, and I got a much better deal from Carlito's.
In the end, She loved her gift.
Big Ups Carlito's!!!
When re-upping on shisha tabacco, I end up just going here.
I've walked into other smoke shops around town leaving the store empty handed because of the lack of variety or lack of stock.
Carlito's however, is always stocked with the most popular flavors.
I'll drive all the way to the good ole Eastcyde to hit up Carlito's.
Definitely has all your tobacco needs, and THEN SOME... (Was that nitrous oxide I saw behind the counter?
) :P

This is my go-to place for certain things!
Certain things used to be cheaper, but prices went up but they still have the best prices in town so don't you worry!
They also have a huge selection of flavored tobacco for my hookah that my bf bought for me from here and Carlito is pretty cool!

A haven for smokers of all types.
One stop shopping for all you need and then some  If there is something that you don't see...... it ask.
A  closed mouth never gets fed.

This smoke shop literally blows every other smoke shop, i've ever been too out of the water !
They have an amazing assortment of hookahs.
I came in trying to buy a cheap $20 dollar hookah but i left buying a $60 dollar Maya, i absolutely love it.
I also bought a hookah pen and a vaporizer.
They have super cheap prices and they always hook you up with deals and sometime they throw in some freebees.
Plus, the staff is really attentive and they always try to accommodate your needs.
They're super nice and really really patient.
i had them pull out 15 hookahs before i chose one.
haha !
i definitely recommend you drop your smoke shop and you come here !

Great smoke shop, great customer service.
Good verity of hookahs and flavors.
The wife and I went in for a new hookah, and was helped and a nice young lady.
After we bought one we liked , and got home  we realized the price on it was different then what we paid.
(Marked 80 on it,we paid 120) We ended up going back to them and told them we thought they gave us the wrong price and  maybe they made a mistake on the price they gave us.
They didn't It was simply priced wrong and even tho what we paid was the correct price they apologized, and still gave us a great deal.
Definitely recommend this place.

This smoke shop is a one stop shop.
This is has been my go to smoke shop for years.
They have great customer service and a variety products.
Anything you need they are most likely to have, all you need to do is ask.
Not only do they have some of the greatest prices in town, but you'll always manage to get a great deal.

By far the best smoke shop I have been to.
They have awesome customer service and an amazing selection of hookahs, flavors and vape pens.
Definitely a one stop smoke shop..
I bought my first vape pen which I love and they even gave me a flavor.
The girl that help me took her time to show me how to use the vape pen and made sure I left happy with my purchase.

