Ran in to have a key made and all 3 people I saw who were working made me feel very welcome!
I didn't have a chance to look around the store but it looked like they had a large variety & selection of products.
I'll be moving to this area soon and will definitely be a regular customer with the type of customer service I was shown.
Keep up the great work!
P.S.
It's in the Smith's shopping center if you can't find it right away.

The staff are some of the most helpful and nicest people you will come across!
Not alot of business, hope the store makes it!

Located in the Southern Highlands Center near Smiths.
I come here not only for some quick household repair items, but I also come in here to get my local-Hawaiian items.
Yes my 808 friends, imagine shopping in a mini Longs.
I get my candies and arare here, rather than going to Walgreens.
Staff is very friendly and always helpful.
I came here with my dogs, I was waiting outside and they let them in the store.
They even gave them treats!
Give them your business rather than going to your major hardware stores, friendly staff is hard to come by.

Like a lil' country store!
I got a tip that this location sells half-gallon mason jars and, sure enough, they have a great aisle stocked with canning supplies and pressure cookers.
Plus, they have spare parts for pressure cookers which can be hard to find locally.
Oddly, they have a display of Hawaiian goods - and, should you need a Spam slicer, they have that in the canning aisle too.
Staff was friendly and helpful but don't expect to compare Ace to the Home Depot, it's rather a catch all that will have you impulse buying as you determine that you suddenly need a citronella candle (with your name on it) and some lawn darts to go along with your wood stain purchase.
As my hubby was viewing axes, I went to the ladies room: 2 sinks, 3 soap dispensers - impressed that the male staff kept things so tidy!

Super folks here and they always make you feel welcome.
I come here about twice a month and have never been disappointed.

For being your neighborhood Ace Store, they don't stock what the majority of the houses in the neighborhood would require.
It's like a cookie cutter store not adjusted for the area they are in.
The staff is hard to review since they come & go.
The last time I was there, I had to hunt down someone to get help.
(Not the norm) that person was not knowledgeable enough to answer questions and was willing to let me leave.
Luckily another staff member on the way out was able to answer my questions and confirm they did not carry the parts.
( what the houses in the neighborhood use ).
They lose out on a lot of business and loyal customers by just being a cookie cutter store.

I love that there are still smaller hardware stores like Ace.
I mean, Home Depot and Lowe's are great stores, but you can get lost.
Also, customer service means a lot to me.
My whole purpose of coming here was to find a specific light bulb for our kitchen table.
I walk in and was immediately asked if I needed help finding something.
I was lead to the right aisle, found the bulb, picked up some plastic wall hangers, paid at the counter, was given a thanks for coming and out the door I went.
That is all I look for in places like this.
The atmosphere doesn't seem sterile and cold.
I actually felt welcomed coming in, unlike some of the other places I have been to.

The staff is so friendly and helpful.
The prices are a little high, but I get everything for my gardening needs and hardware type stuff.
They usually have good deals and promotions if you sign up for their club.
The only thing I wish they had were rocks for my landscaping and slabs of pebble rock for my dogs to walk on.
Unfortunately I have to head all the way to Home Depot for this.
I recently bought an amazing hose head that makes watering my plants fun.
If you live in the area this place is great.
The staff made my 3 to a 4  review!

I buy most house hold improvement items from here.
Almost always have good luck (once couldn't get my item as they were out of stock).
Staff is super friendly and I don't spend much time looking for anything.
Happy that there is a store like this in the area so I don't have to drive far for small stuff.
I typically come in the weekends so I run into the same employees who I find knowledgable about the store.
I don't ask technical questions so can't comment on how helpful the staff is about explaining how to do house projects.

Just moved here and went their because I found out they sell Hawaiian goodies!
whoo hoo.
The staff is so helpful they do not have a big inventory like the big box hardware store but i try to buy as much as I can from them.
Prices are very comparable.
I highly recommend this store!

