There is a subway around the corner from my office, but I prefer spending an extra 10 minutes to go to this Port of Subs and accept its sometimes dreadfully slow service because the variety is substantially better.
Also, they have a drive through which can either be a blessing or a curse depending on how motivated the staff is to get you in and out of there in a timely manner.
My average wait time over the past couple of months is probably 7-8 minutes.
I like the sandwiches better here and they have three different sizes as opposed to Subway's two.
Also, everything is sliced to order which I prefer to pre-sliced lunch meat sitting in little food buckets.
While this isn't the best lunch option in the area, I know what I'm getting when I go there and sometimes consistency, even when it's on the average side, is best.

This place sucks!
It looks like a family is running this store.
My boyfriend and I went in and instead of having the normal shredded lettuce that they normally have, we had big, chunky, bitter romaine lettuce that they probably had just bought from a grocery store that morning because they ran out.
Another time we had drove to the drive thru to order and no one came on.
We had to call the store to let them know that we were outside waiting for about ten minutes.
They also make the sandwiches very sloppy and lack on the toppings given.
And the workers usually have an attitude.
The manager/owner is the most greediest with the sandwiches and will not cut you the correct sized sandwich.
Barely enough meat to even go across the bread.
Overall, this place is trash.
Don't go there.
You'll be disappointed in your sandwiches.

Friendly young lady working behind the counter.
My first experience with POS.
Not bad, 3 stars about sums it up.

Worst place ever I love port of subs but this location!
I should have known when walking in there and no one there!
There where flys to and nothing looked fresh!
I can't even finish my meal I'm disgusted never going back !
0 stars but have to select one :/ horrible!

When it comes to this place EVERYTHING IS AWESOOOOMMMEE !!
Seriously the bread (I prefer wheat) always soft n chewy!
The meats sliced thin aswell as the cheese making the sandwich light but so fulfilling at the same time!
All produce always fresh!
Never those super red overly soggy tomatoes found at subway!
Which I love btw!
But since coming here I'm over them!
They also have drive thru .. Convent for moms with toys!
And you can order online!
N pick up in the drive thru!!
Shaaaaweeeeeeettt!!

