Looking to get away from douchebags, drunks and addicted gamblers?
Tired of sorority girls holding back the hair while their sister pukes in a trash can?
Ditch the casinos and lounges and slip into this Starbucks if you need to recharge.
I am not really a fan of Starbucks, but I needed some power, and a place to just chill out and work and this one is perfect for that.
Usually when you get off the strip you'll encounter all those people that the numerous billboards in Vegas seem to be targeting - you know the ones that say "DUI?!
" or "Need to get clean?
"  Well none of those people are in this Starbucks either!
It's just a nice, clean, mellow spot to feel like you are in any other suburban coffee shop even though you are actually in Sin City!

A Starbucks is a Starbucks, right?
Well, yeah.
But no.
This place has become my go-to for morning coffee/soy latte because A) the one that was actually right on my way to work closed, B) they have a drive-thru, and C) .... that's about it.
This place is always PACKED.
It's insane to try and get in/out of the parking lot.
But on the bright side, they have the friendliest drive thru people ever.
So, it's a +1/-1 star on that.
This one is pretty small on the inside with a limited amount of seating, but the drive-thru line usually moves pretty fast.
Good option if you're in the neighborhood and in a hurry.

This is a typical Starbucks outlet with the free wifi and plenty of seating.
Competent staff.
Good beverage.
I'm making my way slowly to every Starbucks in the Las Vegas Valley.

It's like any other SB, but this one has a Drive-Thru.
Only downside...it's a pain in the butt to get here unless you're driving in the right direction.

Quick service but not full Starbucks products available.
They had a limited number of drinks - I guess thats ok, as they were located inside the convention center.
Long lines all the time -the best time to go was early morning  a little after they opened when there wasn't too much of a wait.

My girl and I stopped here for some java just after eating lunch at India Oven (read the review) and this Starbucks seemed moderately busy but not too crowded.
The Java was great; I had the Pumpkin Spice Latte as I have had for about 4 days straight.
My girl stated that I would soon be getting withdraw symptoms once the seasonal items change....zomg.
My girl had the new Salted Caramel Hot Chocolate but she had hers iced, which she feels it would after having it that way taste better hot.
The only thing negative about this one today was the rest room was a bit dirty with black grim all over the floors in the men's bathroom.
It was not so busy I feel that they should have been checking the bathroom regularly.
On a side note, I saw a homeless person come in and ask for some water, which they promptly gave him with no hassles.
(Yes I know they legally have to but it lets me forgive them about the bathroom.
;p)   Best Regards, James "Culinary Schmooze" Williams

When it's open, it's cool.
When it's endlessly closed most times?
How I loathe thee!

Nice and cozy!
Loved the place.

I came here with Don the other night around 8pm to study.
The location is pretty good since it's right next to the strip, but the area isn't so great.
The second Don stepped out of his car, some homeless man approached him and started talking about how his brake lights are out.
Then that little comment turned into a whole talk about how his wife is pregnant and sick, blah blah blah.
Of course, it all ended with the guy asking Don for some money.
Once he walked away, we checked the brake lights and they were fine.
I guess it's just another tactic people are using so it could seem like they're helping you out, so you should give them something in return.
Anyways, about this Starbucks.
The location is okay.
I didn't have any problem with traffic at all or getting into the parking lot.
Since there were only a few customers there, we were able to find a table right away.
It wasn't just any table either, it was one right next to a couple outlets for us to use!
Woohoo.
I ordered the Awake hot tea and Don ordered Calm hot tea.
At other Starbucks locations, the Awake that I'd get would have me feeling pretty cracked out and unable to sleep, but it didn't do anything for me at all here.
I actually felt like I was getting more tired.
I don't see how that could be their fault though since the tea comes in containers and they don't have to do any sort of ingredients mixing at all to make it.
Tips: *If you have the option, come at night.
It's way more chill *Make sure you lock the top lock in the bathroom!!
I walked in one some lady pulling down her pants!

I came here to telecommute and do some work.
The CES expo is happening right down the street, so I expected it to be totally slammed.
It's not!
Plenty of room.
Fast service.
Friendly staff.
If you want a "Starbucks experience", the location on Paradise is no exception (even for being this close to the strip).
No surprises here.

I come here quite a bit because of its proximity to my office, and honestly it has the potential to be a great Starbucks, but for some reason they put the guy with the least customer service at the counter!
The short bald/almost bald guy there every weekday morning just ruins the entire transaction consistently, by his rudeness and screwed up orders, but I guess there's got to be some good reason he's at the counter?
I prefer the Starbucks  down the street in Howard Hughes.

I've been a loyal Starbucks customer since 2006.
This is the worst Starbucks location I've ever been to.
I've never gone inside this location.
I've gotten coffee from this location three times.
And not a single time was I happy with their service.
The only reason I went to this location was because they have a drive-thru and it makes it more convinient for me (most of the ones in the area doesn't have a drive-thru).
I've given this location three shots and that is it!
I am done...
I am never, ever, ever coming back to this location ever again!
The last time I was there was Wednesday, April 17th.
I was on my way to my dentist appointment and since it was still early I would love to get coffee and just kill some time.
There was at least 5 cars in front of me, which is fine because I don't care about the wait for I have an hour to kill anyway.
So I ordered my usual Venti iced caramel macchiato with extra caramel.
There is no screen where you can see your order and this guy on the register didn't bother repeating if my order was correct.
So I went ahead and drive up and when I got to the window he was handing me a "grande".
So I told him I ordered a venti.
Then he asked if I don't mind if it's stirred or not.
Right when I said I don't mind if it's stirred, I just knew it!
I knew they would just pour the grande drink in the venti cup and add lots of ice.
And that's exactly what happened!
That's not how you do business and definitely not how you keep your business!
This location is an embarrasment to Starbucks!
I've gone to other locations in another city, state and even another country for Starbucks and never was I this disappointed to Starbucks.
This location gives Starbucks the worst reputation.
It doesn't deserve to carry it's name!

This location has been the worst starbucks experience I've had.
Customer service there is horrible, they also had to remake my favorite drink 3 times because it didn't taste right!
The drive thru is the worst as well, it seems like the person taking care of the orders, don't know what he's doing.
I had to wait at least 5 mins to be helped.
In other words, it's been a horrible experience for me, I wouldn't recommend anybody to come here at all.
It's a nightmare!!!

This Starbucks Gold Card holder is not impressed with this location.
It's a pain to get in and out of most of the time.
An iced caffe mocha, no whip, extra shot always seems to get messed up when ordering it from here.
Service was aloof and kinda had a I don't give a dang about you, just let me get through with my shift and get the heck out of here attitude.
If you need caffeine this place will suffice.
Barely.
One plus...it's a short walk from the Sahara Monorail Station so if you are wanting a break from say being stuck at the Convention Center and have a Monorail pass it's worth taking a ride to get to.
That's why it gets 3 stars and not 2.

This Starbucks is ok in a pinch.
Ive gone here countless times and they usually ALWAYS mess up!
Lately though, its been pretty ok!
The cashiers in the DT are pretty decent, but the DT itself is a shit show.
If you dont enter from the Sahara side and try to go in from the Paradise side youre pretty much screwed.
Stupid ppl, including myself on occasion, think they can enter and do a u turn to get into the dt line.
IT DOESNT WORK IF THERE ARE PPL IN THE DT PPL!
I WILL NOT LET YOU GET IN FRONT OF ME BC YOU DIDNT TAKE AN EXTRA MINUTE TO DRIVE DOWN SAHARA AND COME IN THE CORRECT WAY LIKE I DID!
Like I said, in a pinch!
The inside is large and spacious and the workers inside are pretty nice as well.
They have the assortment of mech on display/for sale and the couches are super comfy!
Im sure Ill continue putting myself through the punishment for my iced coffees!

Don't go to this Starbucks unless you want your drink to taste like booty and your bagel to crack your teeth.
I work around the corner and would much rather drive to Sahara and Decatur because I am just so sick of them constantly giving me old food and bitter coffee.
Literally worst location in Vegas, it made me so upset today that I signed up on yelp just to write this review.
So annoying.
And the customer service sucks!

Fast and efficient Starbucks.
Very clean too.
Great service, friendly staff.
The one associate and I had an entire conversation about whipped cream.
Oh and GASP my drink order was correct.
Great place.
I wish all my Starbucks experiences were as lovely as this!

Small little starbucks...delish croissant-wich and of course coffee after a long night.

Close to home.
Drive through.
Yeah it's starbucks, but you get what you pay for.
Coffee - Caps are always yummy!

