After ordering from the pizza hut 2 blocks from me and them telling me they're out of dough I had to come here.
Seriously pizza hut on Flamingo, out of dough?!
And not even a phone call!
Balls!
Anyway, the lady here was nice; a little weird but nice.
The pizza was ok, nothing orgasmic.
So yea.

I wanted something quick due to being too lazy to cook anything.
I was craving metro pizza but I didn't feel like driving that far.
So I stop here due to the fact it was close to my house.
I ordered a large pan veggie pizza and I washed it down with a wine cooler.
I was ok- I love pizza so it's one of my favorite foods.

This location is SLOW!
The food's ok, just typical Pizza Hut faire.
Just keep in mind, that you will be waiting as this location gets overwhelmed quickly.
One time we ordered delivery and waited and waited and waited and waited until we finally called and were told they were backed up on orders and would received a discount on our order.
Another time, while we were in the store we sat and watched as phones rang off the hook and people came in person to order complaining that no one was answering the phone.
Definitely improvements need to be made in that department.
Food's on par to other Pizza Huts so most of my issues are with the service.

I would give this place negative stars if I could...  My friends and I were guests at the Vdara hotel and wanted to have a quick dinner before lining up at the ridiculous hour of 8:30 at Marquee at the Cosmopolitan.
Pizza seemed like a great solution.
Affordable, delicious, and able to be delivered to our room while we got ready to go out.
WRONG!
First warning sign...the guy who answered the phone did not know where the Vdara hotel was.
Mind you, this pizza hut was only 2 miles from the Vdara and part of the new CityCenter complex.
How could you miss it?
You can see it from the 15!
To add to that, it took me more than 20 minutes to give the dumbass the address and our order.
The genius on the phone must have asked for the hotel's zip code 6 or 7 times.
Yes.
I spent more time giving this incompetent excuse for an employee the hotel's address rather than giving him the actual food order.
After all that, we were told that the pizza would be there in 30 minutes.
After an hour, we called to inquire about the status of our order.
I was informed that our order could not be found in the system using our name, phone number, or address.
After our order was placed only an hour before!
Again, the employee on the phone was rude and extremely incompetent and could offer no explanation as to what had happened to our food.
Rude employee wouldn't even apologize.
Absolutely terrible.
Worst Pizza Hut experience ever.

Cheap pizza but the manager is very nice and polite, not his fault its a nation wide chain, good staff

Fast and  friendly.
They burnt my wings so they fried me some new ones and threw some more in there.
I love wing Wednesday!

This Pizza Hut SUCKS!!
So frustrating to be told our one pizza would take 30mins.
And we actually waited an hour and a half.
Then we calked to ask if the order went through ok and why it was taking so long.
Only to have some rude guy tell us " its on the way" and hang up on us.
The absolute worst experience I've had with pizza delivery.
Maybe Pizza Hut isn't as great as they say they are.

I called to get a pizza delivered to palazzo hotel.
The first thing the guy asks was if I had ordered??
Umm no I'm trying to order.
Then he tells me it will take "2!!
Hours to get delivered.
Wow!!
And I said that's fine.
Then he puts me on hold.
Ok I waited and then it lasted more than 20 min.. Are you kidding me!!
then they answer and click.
This is ridiculous.

