I'm glad I have finally found an honest dentist!
Dr. Reynolds will tell you the truth about if you need necessary work on your teeth or not.
If you don't understand what is happening with your teeth he will actually take the time to explain it to you.
I never have to wait too long for my appointment and there are good magazines to read while you wait.
My pet peeve is going to a medical office and all they have is medical magazines laying around .I will not notice how long I wait if I have plenty of celebrity gossip to read!
Dr Clinton and his staff are warm and friendly and I can get appointments that work around my schedule.
Pro : After my appointments I'm not in pain where I have to lay down for the rest of the day like my prior experiences with my other dentist.

Great dentist.
My night guard cracked and he made me a new one free and did not charge for the visit.
See this doc and your teeth will be happy.

I have been meaning to do this for quite sometime now (2 years so it takes me a while).
The wife and I tried many different dentist from around the valley.
Dr. Reynolds is personable, well mannered, and an excellent staff that work well together.
I liked how the receptionist knew my name by the sound of my voice even months later.
(Maternity leave) Congratulations on the baby, you will be missed.
I do hope the new receptionist can live up to that standard.
(not expected through)  Now let me tell you a bit of what he has done: My gum used to bleed from crappy work from other doctors.
Insurance paid.
He guided me on what is needed and not needed.
Anything questionable he monitors, as to not have to do any unnecessary repairs.
Based on his honesty and watching out for my pocket book while keeping my teeth health, he deserves praise and admiration for a job well done.
Keep up the good work.

I love Dr. Reynolds!
He explains everything he is doing and never pushes unecessary work to be done.
He is also great with my kids!

Dr. R is the best adult dentist I've ever been to, hands down.
Gentle, smart, honest, efficient, friendly, caring, and funny.
And he gave me a great recommendation for a sushi place.
What more can one ask for in a dentist?
My teeth are good to go from a cleaning without being sold ocean front property in Nevada...
It's a shame there are not more upfront medical practitioners like him.
The world would be a better place.

Not bad!!
He completed a pretty rough extraction.
I appreciate that he stayed with it rather than send me to an oral surgeon.
He takes the time to explain the risks of procedures also.
That is something new for me!!
I'll be back.

