HATE  Nothing.
DISLIKE  My server's forgetfulness (took away menu after I told her I wasn't done looking at it and also gave me refried beans when I asked for black).
The other server who was missing for 15 minutes (who was supposed to get chips and salsa to each table as they were sat).
The chicken carbon taco.
The seat cushion almost fell over when I sat on it (and I don't weigh very much).
LIKE  The cheerful hostess.
My server's personality (very nurturing and was apologetic for the above).
The many salsa dips the chips came with.
The steak carbon taco.
LOVE  Nothing.

Cabo is fubar.
My experience there was fubar.
We went on an employee appreciation night, so it was pretty packed.
In the beginning, I thought our server was crappy and I wanted to give her the benefit of the doubt since it was employee appreciation night.
I thought maybe she was just getting crappy customers and crappy tips all night long.
By the end of the night, I was just convinced that she was a crappy server.
When we got to our table, it smelled vaguely of vomit (I'm not sayin' someone vomited there ... it just smelled like someone vomited there), there was a huge puddle of something on the ground beneath the table, and my chair was sticky.
We asked the hostess if we could get the puddle mopped up.
They very politely obliged.
After we got seated, our server came by to take our drink order.
After that, there were unacceptably long intervals between her visits.
The food was really bad, not seasoned well, hardly Mexican.
Maybe Mexican inspired.
For the food and service we got, we should have been paying Del Taco prices.
If you order a double size of any margarita, you get to keep the glass.
Classy.
* off the strip

To be fair I'm not big on Mexican food, but I ordered a tostada salad and figured it can't be that bad.
Ugh, wrong.
Not really at all how I had pictured it in my head.
The crunchy shell was not a bowl but a little flat shell pasted to a large plate with black beans.
The salad itself looked like it went through a blender.
I tried to ask for it without tomatoes, but since I make it a point not to talk to peoples' back's I didn't get a chance to.
Since it was blended it was a nightmare picking them out.
Service was nothing amazing but I guess they did the job.
I hate the uniforms they give these poor girls.
While the men wore normal long sleeve button ups the gals are stuck with ill fitting tank tops.
I thought empire waistlines were supposed to be flattering but sadly no.
I would understand if they were cocktail girls but these are food service workers.
I don't need to see someones armpit while a plate is being set in front of me.
Maybe it's just me, but it's a food turnoff.
One bonus star for the four different dips that come at the start of the meal, hooray for variety, at least they filled me up since the salad was a miss.

I am quite surprised at the current ratings of this restaurant!
(1.5 stars), I guess mainly because the lack of reviews.
I actually have been really wanting to try this restaurant since I live close by Santa Fe Station and see the specials for this restaurant all the time.
And since Stations Casinos is so kind as to offer dining credits to us all the time, it was time for some Mexican food!
Well, this is your average chain restaurant.
The food was very average.
The items we had were not AMAZING and were not horrible either.
I have posted pictures of the food we did order.
I would actually rate this place 3.5 stars.
The bonus for the chips and dip you get when you first get seated.
The chips were warm and they offer 4 different dips!
(3 levels of spicy, and a bean dip.
) I loved it all!
I guess almost filled up on that alone, but I wanted real food.
Me and the bf ordered the Cabo Party Platter $11.99 (appetizer) to share and the Combo #6 ($12.99) to share.
The appetizer was pretty good.
But not great.
More than half the plate (quite a good sized order) was of nachos which were not that great, but the dip that came with us (an orangey colored creamy dip) was awesome for everything on the platter.
The quesadillas were ... bland.
But the other items on the platter were good.
And Combo #6.
Slightly disappointing.
The Chili Relleno was just bad.
Pretty tasteless.
The Chicken Tamale was also disappointing.
Barely had any filling.
But the beef taco was yummy!
I think we filled up too much on chips and saved no room for dessert.
Bummer.
I wanted to try the deep fried ice cream.
Oh well.
Service was not too bad.
We got seated right away and got the chips and dip right away and she actually explained each dip.
But we were so into the menu and chips we didn't realize nobody came to take our drink orders.
Until about 10 minutes later.
But then they took our food orders right after.
And it was less than 15 minutes and we got our food.
The server came back to check on us a couple times.
All was well.
The booths and tables were clean.
I do agree about the uniforms, they suck.
Overall, average.
But kudos for the chips and dip :)

Visited on a Sunday evening, it was slow which was good for us!
Food was great, price was good, service was excellent-we will be back!
My only complaint is that they don't serve Dr. Pepper.
This is the Cabo restaurant inside Santa Fe Station Casino.

My first visit here was ok.
The food is just alright.
My chicken tacos seemed a little dry.
My friends tried the battered fish tacos and they said they were good, but the tater sauce was a little too spicy for their taste.
The service was very good.
They came back and filled our drinks without us asking which was nice.
And our server had to go on break towards the end of our meal, but she let us know that someone would be taking care of us.
I loved that because I've been to places and our server would just leave and not let us know.
So great service here, but food was just ok.

I scream, you scream, we all scream for...  FRIED ICE CREAM!
Oh yes, if you want a huge fried ice cream thats big enough for 3 people [Or 1 if your a piggy like me] come here.
The food is delicious, the prices are very reasonable for it being a casino.
They also have unlimited enchiladas for 8.99.
Woohoo.
Time to get my enchilada on!
The 1st plate comes with rice and beans.
The 2nd and from on is just enchiladas, but you can pick between 3 different kinds.
My favorite were the green chicken ones.
Mmmm.
SO FRIGGIN GOOD.
The waitress was just fab!
She explained all the different alcoholic drinks.
We wanted a couple to kick us in the ass.
Especially since it was my best friends 21st birthday.
Extra tip for her for the extra help.
Was very busy, thats a great sign.
Wasn't just the usual crowd.
There were families, older people and young.
So nice to see a variety of people so late at night [10pm].
Overall, im coming here again for sure!

I have found that the food is not very consistent here.
By that I mean that some items are delicious and some are nearly inedible.
Here's the breakdown:   Chips and salsa/ beans- quite good  table-side guacamole- delicious!
Shrimp tacos- icky disgusting with no flavor at all  Chile Verde- gross partially sweet stew with a minuscule amount of pork  tortilla soup- nice broth with smooth chunks of avocado, my usual dish  bacon wrapped shrimp appetizer- sometimes amazing, sometimes overcooked and sat under a lamp for too long.
Given the current choices at the Santa Fe, you might be better off hitting the food court.

I'm gonna keep it simple.
$7.99 for unlimited tacos and rice and chips and salsa, I'm already sold!
Chicken Taco - 4/5 very good, a little dry...not as good as my moms home cookin Beef Taco - 2.5/5 it's okay, was very soggy and wasn't memorable Shredded beef taco - 4.9/5, sooooo good I'm a fan, I would just come here and order those forever if I could.
Pink Taco - 1/5, taste life fish, very disappointed   Get a sense of humor :)

I went with my wife for dinner.
Our server does not paying attention to to us when he took our order.
My wife ordered chicken tacos and I ordered chicken burrito.
For drink we both ordered water with lemon wage.
The server came back right away with water no lemon.
When the food arrived, my wife got beef tacos instead of chicken.
I'm not sure how it's happen but we didn't sent it back to the kitchen.
My chicken burrito was dry as a bone.
This time we had to sent it back to the kitchen.
When I explained to our server that the burrito is dry and not eatable, he just picked it up in his hand and looked at it for a minute and asked me if I wanted something else instead.
I ordered chicken fajita.
Once again the chicken was too dry but at this point I already lost my petite.Moreover, all the side dishes were in poor quality.
The rise was too try.
The salsa was old like it was standing in the cooler over night.
We could just go to one of the Mexican fast food restaurants and get better quality then that.
the one star up there is for the chips and salsa.

Love this place!

The only reason we came here were for the all you can eat enchiladas.
It was OK.
When we arrived at the restaurant inside Santa Fe Station Casino, we were told it was a 15 minute wait even though there were plenty of empty tables.
Our little buzzer didnt even alert us that our table was ready, someone just randomly came out from the other side of the restaurant and sat us.
We got the chips and salsa and bean dip 5 minutes later which was delicious.
Our waiter came to get our drink order at super fast speed and then disappeared for a while.
It seems that EVERY time he came to our table, he was finding an excuse to leave our table--as if he was rushing to be somewhere else even though there was no one else in the restaurant except 2 people at the bar (it was a monday night).
Maybe they were short staffed and he was the cook also?!?!?
who knows because it wasnt explained.
Anyway, the enchiladas were pretty good, they make you order a fountain drink as a condition of getting the all you can eat though.
They bring out all three for the first course, beef, cheese and chicken.
After that you order as you finish your current enchilada.
They dont let you take it to go but they do let you take it home if you're too full.
My husband ordered the chimichungas and he said they were really really good.
I would go back again for the enchiladas, even though the service was very odd.

I think they changed chefs.
The last two times I have gone here the food was very disappointing.
The fajitas are not what they used to be.
I have stopped eating here.
I would not recommend this place.

Well you know, there's times you need something south of the border.
So I visited Cabo's at the Fe.
Not bad, was what I expected.
If I wanted something more authentic there are several to be found.
But  there are plenty of times when an imitation will do just fine.
I got the unlimited tacos and was happy with my meal.

My constant readers know that I am about as fair as possible when writing reviews, always looking to find something to recommend, but I am afraid the only thing in this particular Cabo was the Bean Dip and I am sure that was out of a can as the tortilla chips were out of a can.
My urgent warning is STAY AWAY FROM HERE.
Here is why:  After taking a bite of my entree there was a high acid, high metalic, high "Smoke" taste that was quite simply hazardous.
If this was just in the rice I could live with it, but it was intensely pervasive in the Fajita Burrito as well.
After literally two bit I stop and even after being offered a new entree I refused for fear of truly being poisoned.
I do not know what the exact contaminant was but since it was in the rice and burrito it was a systemic issue and that tells me no matter what the entree there was a problem.
My wife's plate had the same problem but after a couple of bites she had to find a restroom before making a public scene and having the food returned in the "Roman" manner.
I have eaten in some of the best Mexican Style eateries in the world, lord knows L.A. has a ton of them.
But when the manager insists the food is fine (without tasting it) I must be mistaken.
I had sent the food back after two bites so it is not likely my germs were on that plate, there were more germs from the cook and server on it than me and still she wouldn't touch it (or maybe she knew there was a problem).
After that the excuse was that it couldn't have a problem because the Health Department gave them an "A" rating which of course means absolutely nothing today when the inspection was whenever in the past.
Fortunately I was not expected to pay for those entrees, but a tab did come along for the Iced Teas we drank.
I pointed out that my wife was no longer enjoying that Iced Tea and only then were we free to leave, hungry but without an appetite.
So, why am I so upset?
It's not like this is the first time I have eaten food from a questionable kitchen, but it is the first time no-one seemed to care about it.
Here was a restaurant full of people who were possibly exposed to something very bad and they were still sending out plates.
INEXCUSABLE.
Will this kitchen get better?
Most likely but the same team will still be there and I know I will NEVER be back because the place is more interested in serving bad food (in more then one sense) than being safe.
The Health Department should be informed.
---  As an aside I asked myself why people were not running out of the place when I realized it is quite possible people didn't realize something was wrong and opposed to making a scene and returning the food ate it thinking "Maybe this is how it's supposed to taste.
" If you think that absurd realize most people will keep drinking that bottle of rare vintage wine even if it turned to vinegar years ago because it is a "rare vintage" and are told it is good.
This happens a lot.

We've eaten at this restaurant a few times and this past experience was very disappointing.
The service was delayed and the food was horrible.
We were served the chips and salsa right away when we were seated and our waiter captured our beverage orders in a timely fashion.
I ordered the veggie fajitas and bf asked if he could order a burrito with veggies, black beans and cheese.
No problem, order was submitted and beverages were being consumed.
Our food arrives...my fajitas were sizzling but the flavor and seasoning was lacking and the vegetables were really raw, like they might have made contact with the grill top for a minute or two before being transferred to the cast iron plate.
There were corn kernels in the mix and they were stale and chewy like they had been sitting out awhile.
Bf's burrito was a disaster.
Inside he found an obscene amount of cheese and a couple traces of vegetables.
The beans were served on the side rather than as requested.
When the cheese congealed together he wasn't able to eat any more because of the texture.
This is when we dissected it looking for the morsels of vegetables.
By now, our drinks were empty but we couldn't see our waiter so we just waited so we could pay and leave.
We also noticed the other tables in our area were not being attended too.
One table had to sit and look at their food sitting on the server's tray wondering if they should just get up and put it on the table themselves.
A large group behind us commented about their lack of beverages after they had been seated for quite a while.
It seemed odd to me because the restaurant was full of staff and maybe only 60% full of customers.
If management reads this, please consider making your bean dip and rice without lard and chicken stock.
For those of us that are vegetarian/vegans we would really appreciate it.

I'll start this off by saying, this is no tex mex cantina, nor a hole in the wall eatery.
But its pretty darn good for a station casino, I wish they had better happy hours that extended to the table, but hey, I'll take what I can get!
My husband and I had a blast drinking one too many pina coladas and our sever was great too.
The chips, salsa and bean dip where fantastic, and kept on coming!
The sopapias where okay, glad I didn't pay for them, thanks Yelp!

Well, I must say we are frequent visitors of CABO because of thier fajitas.
Usually pretty consistent.
We've had a few issues over the years but nothing that wasnt fixed.
Over the last couple weeks we have been twice and seen a rapid decline in thier customer service.
Last Saturday night around 10pm (time may have been a problem), we walked in and either intrerupted employee's discussion at the bar because either they were laughing at their convo or laughing at us.
Immediately we felt awkward walking in.
Only a few tables had people being that it was a little on the late side.
We were served some stale chips and salsas which we had some of while we waited for our drink order or dinner order for that matter-which never happen.
Apparently it was social hour amongst the Cabo staff because after 20 minutes of waiting for someone we looked around in sloooow motion (like in a movie) and the employees were in multiple areas chit chatting instead of taking care of their customers.
We waited a few more minutes and were so disgusted that we left and went somewhere else for a late night dinner.
:( big bummer.
Now LAST NIGHT, we were seated around 7pm Friday night...the place was pretty busy.
We were served our STALE chips with all the crumbs at the bottow.
Seems like a usual....hm.
The salsa a little watered down.
BTW I must say BF very disappointed that the salsa verde is not being served anymore.
:(  Anyways, our server Colleen - has worked there so long....and has lost her luster.
She looked so worn down and was not happy to be there at all....barely talked to us.
I rememember when she first started to work there she had a pep in her step....not anymore.
:(  Anyways, regardless of the chips and salsa and service....our fajitas were good.....on a happy note.
I do love amazing chips and salsa though..thats part of going to a mexican restaurant.....that they dont have anymore.
1 star on the chips and salsa, 2 stars on service and 3 stars on the fajitas (still not deserving 3 stars).....all to leave a little desired for being the BEST place to work in Las Vegas~Station Casinos.
;)  Customer service is key Mr. Fratita!

I really liked this place when I visited the one at Red Rock.
The bloom is off the rose now, though.
The food is average pseudo-Mexican, and the cheese dip I was so enamored of the first time I tried it tastes less interesting now.
I'm somewhat  underwhelmed now.
I think this is a great spot for a get-together or as a place to eat when your real goal is to hang out with someone, but I wouldn't come for the food in and of itself.

Food was decent, chips and salsa were good!
The bartender was an ass though, we are waiting for a table for 7 so sat at the bar while waiting.
I put my players card into the video poker machine, order a maggie and am getting ready to put money in when she puts the drink down and says $8.50?
I'm gambling, isn't the drink free?
No, you haven't put your money in yet so you have to pay for it, I said no thanks!
I will put my money in and order another, she says whatever and gives me stink eye the rest of the night?
Oh well they should hire cute friendly bartenders rather than a skanky short hair bleach blond with a bad attitude.

For the Las Vegas area Cabo is a-ok.
The service is friendly and their salsa fresca is great.
I will come back but out of convenience not stellar food/service.

I like Cabo but since they aren't consistent between the Station Casinos they are hit and miss.
They were not busy and service was good.
The decor is different depending on the Cabo you are at and I did like the blue lights they have at this one.
Chips, salsa and bean dip were brought to us.
The chips and bean dip were decent but the salsa needs a lot of work.
I always like to start with the "Con Queso Dip".
At this Cabo it is priced at $5.99 and was delicious.
For my meal I ordered "Cheese Enchiladas" made with flour tortillas.
I asked for very light sauce and when my meal was brought out the enchiladas were covered in sauce.
I mentioned it to the server who said she told them to put very little.
She then walked away and I figured I would see if I liked what was brought.
Well, I didn't.
The sauce tastes like it maybe comes from a can and is just nasty.
The server must have seen I wasn't eating it I don't know but she brought me 2 more enchiladas with light sauce.
I did appreciate the gesture.
The food is just A-OK and nothing spectacular.
The rice is kinda dry.
Hubby had "Beef Fajitas" and said they were good.
There is a happy hour if you sit in the bar.
They have tv's.
Currently they don't open until 4 pm daily.
With your players card they sometimes have monthly meal promotions.

Went to a movie at the casino theater and decided to have a quick dinner at Cabo not expecting anything great and it's pretty difficult to mess up mexican food.
Sat at the bar and the first thing that happens is we get a bartender that is by far the worst I have ever seen in 20 plus years in this town.
There aren't enough words to describe this guy but RUDE is a big one among other I probably can't say here.
We ordered food and drink and having to argue with him to do so then asked for our check and he just stared at us and went past us to talk to some new customers.
We then had to ask the bar back to get our check.
OMG this guy really needs to get fired and when we returned home and looked at the receipt there was his name GERARD.
In any other situation I would not have tipped at all but thought of the other people there who deserve their share of tips so did leave something but not even close to what I would have.
The food...it is what it is; Santa Fe Station Cabo food.
Don't expect alot and you won't be disappointed.

Not my first time at Cabo Mexican Restaurant, but my first time at this one.
This Cabo is located inside Sante Fe Station Casino, where you will find mostly locals.
The great thing about any restaurant at the Sante Fe Station Casino, there's almost no wait to be seated.
Yes, our locals at casinos located off the strip aren't here to eat.
Most are here to gamble.
We arrived with a group of 12 and our orders were taken almost immediately.
I ended up getting their chicken fajitas with double meat.
I also asked that all the fun stuff (i.e.
sour creams, guacamole, beans, rices, cheese, etc) be put on another plate.
One last request was to have my chicken clean meaning no seasoning added.
After what seems like an eternity to get our food, I got half my request right.
Some, not all, items were put on another plate.
But I got my chicken clean, which is the most important.
Taste wise, I was satisfied and know it would have been better if I had the fun stuff added.
Our waitress was great and our server pleasant.
Overall, I have no complaints about Cabo.
TIPS: -Chips:  I didn't try at this location, but have tried it at other Cabo's.
I don't know what it is about their chips, but they are addicting.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (422/500)

So Mexican food is pretty basic.
However the music was so loud it was difficult to maintain a private comversation.
I figure if I want people to listen in I will sit with them.
Chicken salad was ok, the guac had half an avacdo in it.
Keep your expectstions low.
Overall nothing to write home about.

Always eat here.
It's got its own twist to Mexican but I love it.
Always get the enchiladas and tacos.
The salsa is best I've ever had.
It's definitely on my list when I come back

I've gone here 4 different times with family/friends that wanted to try this place.
Each time I ate here, I absolutely hated it.
I tried to convince family/friends to go somewhere else, with no luck.
So, in hopes of a change of heart, I ordered different entrees each time & tried to keep an open mind.
Everything I ordered was mediocre or tasteless.
The chicken wings are decent to my surprise.
Pina Coladas taste like there is no alcohol and prices are high for the quality of food/service.
Service is the worst and extremely slow, even when it's not busy.
I almost always tip 20% when I dine out, but I find myself tipping 15%  or lower every time I dine here (and this is being nice/polite).
The servers aren't too bright, seem like they don't like their job, and act unprofessional.
To confirm my rating,  I say/express absolutely nothing to the people I dine with.
I ask them how they liked dinner AND...
I always get "it was ok", "probably won't come back" and *drum roll please* "IT WAS AWFUL".

Well this was my first time at Cabo.
Like most restaurants serve breadsticks Cabo supplies you with tortilla chips, salsa, and bean dip while you decide on your meal.
For my appetizer, I had the bacon wrapped shrimp.
Like most places with this dish they put cheese in between the bacon and shrimp.
The presentation lost some points with me because some off the cheese was seeping out.
But they served it with crispy fried onions and a tangy sauce, close to honey mustard but with a little kick.
For my main dish, I had the chicken fajitas.
This dish came with grilled chicken and vegetables, flour tortillas, Spanish rice, bean dip, sour cream and guacamole.
If you don't have an appetite when you come here, order this dish and share with someone else.
Lastly, for dessert I had the deep fried ice cream.
Nothing really special about this dish.
It's one scoop of vanilla ice cream surrounded by crispy tortilla chips coated in sugar and cinnamon.

Went here last night - forgot to check in (shame on me).
It was edible but possibly the worst Mexican food I have had since I can remember.
Very gringo, pedestrian menu - nothing out of the typical enchilada, burrito, tamale category.
I love a good authentic tamale as much as the next person - but you aren't finding it here.
The service was prompt and they refilled our salsa a number of times so that was the only highlight.
I had the tamale/chile relleno combo and hubby had the chimichanga and we switched half way through.
He said his black beans were ice cold.
The chicken in the chimichanga was dry and it was soggy.
Also ordered a pitcher of house margarita - $22, and it was pretty weak.
It was suprisingly busy in there but mostly the older crowd..
I liked one of the salsas and the service was okay but other than that I was disappointed.
Also, no happy hour!
What mexican restaurant doesn't have happy hour?!
So no way no how will I be frequeting this establishment.

