There are some things that I just don't want to spend too much time on.
Basically, my goal is to be in and out.
My phone bill is one of these things.
Yes, I can sign up for bill pay but I usually like things taken out when I pay for them and not days later, which is usually the case when I try to pay my cell bill online.
So I'd rather just drive the 5 minutes to pay the bill and be done with it.
This store has a billpay kiosk.
I go in, enter my phone number and information, I choose my method of payment and I'm out the door.
The associates leave me alone.
They greet me happily, ask if I need help, point to the kiosk when I state the reason for my visit and stay out of my way.
Thank you...
I hate being bothered with I've got a mission in mind.

Upon arrival I was approached and put on a "waiting list".
Looked at the phone I wanted for upgrade and took a seat.
Then I was approached again and said thank you for your patience it will be thirty minutes.
1 and a half hours later we still sat on this orange bench with no back rest.
They have two people working and they are both talking it up about some random crap.
How about you make a sell then move on instead of talking to some old mothers trying to get there phone numbers even though they provided them to you upon approach.
Ok so now we attempt to leave the store cause I'm tired of a waiting for a phone and find this location decides to conduct illegal business practices and locks every single exit door making it impossible for us to leave on our own will.
Once we pushed the door this Asian dude that works there stops talking to the moms and says O I can unlock it for you.
Not a o I will be right with you or sorry for the wait but a I'll unlock the door for you.
This place is negative stars.
I will now cancel my phone and go to Verizon!

We went in here to upgrade my son from an iPhone to a galaxy phone.
The girl that helped us went above and beyond.
He turned it on and needed some help syncing everything from his Google drive to the new phone.
I was completely lost.
She stuck with it and they figured it out, she was a big help and a pleasure to talk to.
He would have struggled with that for a while if she hadn't taken the extra time to help him.
Also, it was a graduation gift and kind of a surprise and she played along and made it special for him.
I really appreciated that.

