Visited G&G today based upon recommendations from an online Mercedes owner's forum.
They only work on Mercedes and their experience is obvious and valuable.
Very impressed by how nice every person I encountered was.
My C32 has a vibration in the steering wheel and Iram told me over the phone to bring it in so they could take a look.
He took it for a quick road test then put it up on the lift to give it a once-over.
He showed me a bent wheel and had me feel how the tires had become slightly cupped.
Neither of these items are things they could repair and he didn't try to sell me any repairs I didn't need.
He wrote up his diagnosis and recommendations and didn't charge me a dime.
They were very busy with lots of  techs working on lots of Mercedes, but Iram got me right in and out again in no time.
I will definitely return when I need any service I can't handle myself.

Highly Recommend!
I'm Impressed with Alex and the staff who is genuine and courteous.
I contacted G&G Autohaus and spoke to Alex.
Alex got me in and checked my C230, he told me the reason of the leak and vibration of my MB, gave me a quote, which was reasonable.
Alex and Jesus answered all my questions.
It's a busy shop and Jesus took the time to explain in detail then showed me what needed to be done.
Alex and his staff has Integrity and I completely trust them.

I brought my S65 to Fletcher Jones SIX TIMES for the same problem.
Every time, they came up with some cockamamie story, but could never fix the suspension system.
I brought my car to G&G, and figured it would take them two or three tries, but was ready to be that patient.
Dropped the car off at about 3:00 PM.
By 11 AM the next day, they had the car ready.
To their credit, they told me that they wanted to keep it for a few days, put a bunch of miles on it, to make sure they got it right.
I told them "let me take it, and if it needs to come back because I took it early, I won't be angry.
"    Well, a couple days passed, then a couple more, and the problem is still cured.
You know what it cost me?
$280.
As far as I am concerned, that is a super bargain.
I have a lot of respect for this place, and it has a great reputation among the Mercedes owners in town.
Before you get ripped off by the dealers in town (both owned by the same company, both crappy) bring your car here.
I do not think you will be disappointed.

Number 1 in Las Vegas  I have taken my 2005 S55 AMG to a number of shops and none with the results that I have experienced with G&G Autohaus.
1st they provided a ride to and from my home 2nd they did the work in an expeditious way (in and out the same day) not for days at time like other shops.
3rd when I returned I found that my problems were professionally resolved at a very fair price.
My conversations with Hiram and Mark were very informative and have led me to believe that there is not a better place to bring both of my  Mercedes-Benz in Las Vegas for any future required service or repairs, and now one last thing I would like to mention, their knowledge, integrity, price, quality craftsmanship and customer service is the best that I have ever experienced, PERIOD.
Don't take your Mercedes anywhere else.
Thanks again to all of the team at G&G Autohous you're the best!
Thomas M

