After reading @Ken's review, I decided I'd add my 2 cents about Rhodes Ranch.
Here's my breakdown of +/-:  + The security gate actually checks people who come in/out of the community.
- The line to get in can get really long and the wait is kind of ridiculous.....it's not a military base for Pete's sake!
+ The public space is wide open and full of trees and greenery, which is rare in Vegas nowadays.
+ They have one of the nicer community golf courses in town.
I enjoy playing here from time to time.
- I think they put too many lower end homes in this housing development.
There are some nice homes, but then there are some really small homes that people aren't really taking good care of and it's an eyesore.
Luckily I don't live in there, but my friend's who do aren't too happy with some of their neighbors.
Overall, it's a nice neighborhood and the community is pretty cool.
Return Factor - 99.6%

My friend's family has a vacation home here and we got to go to their recreation center on Saturday afternoon.
It wasn't as crowded even for a 4th of July weekend.
You can bring up to 4 people into the recreation center for only $5 per person per day.
Not bad.
The recreation center has a pool and water slides.
It's like your own mini water park there.
Lots of tables, chairs and shade area.
Really big pool.
I was very impressed.
They also have indoor basketball courts, badminton, Tennis courts, weight room, Pool Hall and workout rooms.
It was really nice.
Also the area is beautiful.
Very green and well kept.

How do I review a community?
I've been inside one house before..
It's real big in there!
Hm.. One thing I really want to try is the big water park!
Slides & a huge barrel of water that comes down when full!
Let's go!

Rhodes Ranch is in the southwest part of Las Vegas and is a gated golf course community.
It's one of the nicer communities in the area and is sought after by many.
You can probably compare it to many of the communities that are located in Summerlin as well with nice, new houses that are definitely affordable (since the housing crash).
There are still new houses that are being built (by Dunhill Homes).
The HOA fees are definitely reasonable for what you get - gated community, work out facility, pool - including resort pool, lap pool and water park.
Definitely a community you should consider if you are looking to buy/rent in the area.

My family moved into Rhodes Ranch a couple of months ago.
It is a dream for stay at home moms such as myself.
My son was pretty upset when we moved because he wouldn't be able to see his friends anymore, but in the 3 months we've lived here, we've managed to make friends with several families since many moms here stay at home as well.
Everyday, we have to make the grueling decision of whether we should go on a walk, feed ducks by the golf course, go to the park, and soon, if we should go to the water park.
We're also zoned for Forbuss which is rated as an A school, which is obviously important to families that have little ones who are about to go into elementary school.
A huge bonus is that I feel very safe in the community.
It is secured by security that take pictures of your license plate and check guests in.
I can run at any time of the day or night as there are always people out and driving, I'm pretty sure I can't get smuggled into the back of a sketchy van without someone noticing.
The route around the community is a nice running path that spans 2 miles and is actually quite pretty to look at.
Just watch out for the bees in the Spring.
I also love that if I want to go hit some golf balls, I don't have to leave my community!
They have a golf range, a course, and a restaurant!
The HOA also sets up cool get-togethers like toddler storytime and a carnival tomorrow!
Down side is that the gate can get backed up bad down Durango some times.
I remember when we were moving on Superbowl Sunday at 3PM, we waited for half an hour just to get in.
Overall, pros severely outweigh the cons.
If you're considering moving here with small kids, do it!
Best decision of my life.

We just purchased a nice single story home in Rhodes Ranch in end of August 2011 and closed in mid December.
All I can say is they had used some good quality materials for the house.
They did everything on time and my husband & I are very impressed with home insulation.
Around May 5th 2012 ,It was about 94 degrees outside and it stayed 73 degrees inside the house throughout the day.
We didn't have to use air-conditioning, a definite energy star.
The surroundings are well maintained and securities are very helpful entrance and securities around area.
They also have nice restaurant at golf course.
We ate there a few times and they have  good service and food.
You get a discount if you 're home owner at Rhodes Rhanch.
We just  love to walk around golf course with  our dog and he loves it too.
Very nice club house and clean.

Having been to Rhodes Ranch 3x now, I'm just not impressed.
It's easier to get in to Nellis or Edwards AFB than here.
Security has very serious attitudes, and it's just a major PITA to get in because that over the top security slows up reasonable access for anyone living there much less their visitors.
While I'm all for good security this is overkill that's really not effective.
If you want to see how security is done right find a reason to go visit the Switch SuperNAP and see the best vs. how amateurs think it should be.
Once you get in it's just another overglorified golf course community with an overactive HOA.
Nothing special, nothing you would want to deal with either.
In short it's ok to visit friends here, but that's about it.

Love this community.
The recreation center is amazing, it's got Golf Course,  indoor basketball court, gym, swimming pool...etc.
Security are 24 hrs stand by, they also have security car driving around the community 24/7 which is one of the biggest reason I purchase my home here.
Location wise, it's awesome as well.
It is close to 215 East, West, South, North.
5 min away from Vons, 10 mins away from Wal Mart.
And HOA only $120.

If you are wanting to read a review regarding any type of wedding plans for Rhodes Ranch please refer to my review on the Rhodes Ranch Club House Restaurant.
This review is for the beautiful Rhodes Ranch community~ My boyfriend lives here so I am pretty much here all the time.
There is really not much to complain about.
-24 hour guarded security: The security actually writes down all visitor's info and calls the resident to get approval!
Super safe neighborhood!
This is great for those who have crazy ex girlfriends!
And all of the security peeps are super nice.
-Beautiful community: Very well kept, clean and the golf course looks great in the sunset and sunrise!
Great place to jog~ -Amenities: club house, gym, pool, mini water park, basketball courts, volleyball courts, billiards room..and so much more!
-Nice people: the people are really nice here haha everyone waves at everyone!
-Get togethers: We have thrown plenty of little get togethers and gatherings with our friends and have had no complaints.
Just remember to let the gate know.
-Weather: My boyfriend is convinced it's cooler here and the air is not as dry due to the golf course HAHA   My only complaint would be parking.
They are very strict about street parking through the night.
They put an annoying violation sticker on your car that is a biatchhhhhhhh to get off.
Easy fix though, just ask the gate for an overnight pass..
They are valid for 3 nights~   Verdict: great place to live for everyone~!!

This is where I've lived for the past 3+ years.
I love it here.
Great community center, gym, and pool.
And a great golf course all walking distance from my front door.

My family purchased a home in 2011.
My continued compliments to very well groomed community and very good security.
Club house is a real plus specially when we have guests coming over.
Staff friendly,no problem showing guests around.
Dog friendly community and loved to walk around golf course.
Very nice and relaxing view.
Well maintained and groomed community.
Keep up the good work!!

This Homeowners Association is run by a bunch of annoying idiots!!
My wife and I own a house in Las Vegas through Rhodes Ranch and we have decided to sell it soon and Rhodes Ranch is one of the reasons why.
They are on your every move and will attempt to fine you $50 at every possible chance even if you do not breathe correctly according to these losers.
Other examples would also include palm trees not growing correctly, garbage bins and recycle bins being left outside by your garage door, and of course paying their crappy monthly fees in the process!!
It's always a great feeling to take away the power from a piece of crap company like this one (Rhodes Ranch).
This Homeowners Association can go choke and fall off the face of this planet and take their rules and their policies and shove them!!
They won't be able to harass us any longer with their worthless garbage.
We are selling our house and leaving Rhodes Ranch in the dust where they belong.
If you are interested in buying or renting in Las Vegas, then stay away from Rhodes Ranch.
There are plenty of other nice areas to go to in Las Vegas.
SO LONG SUCKERS!!!

My husband and I absolutely love living here!
We love the fact that there are strict HOA's so you don't have to worry about your neighbors disturbing your home life.
People talk about getting fined.
You probably deserve it.
If you didn't want to live in a neighborhood with rules than you should not have moved here.
I want to have respectful neighbors and a beautifully landscaped place to call home.
Every time that I drive through the gate I feel the stress of my day fall off.
There are such great amenities to enjoy as well.
If you want to live in a neighborhood where you feel safe and want to live around respectful neighbors than check it out.
People who complain about it are probably the ones we don't want in here anyways.

During this past EDC all our friends decided to stay at a rental home in Rhodes Ranch instead on the strip.
I give it 4 stars just because it is little out of the way of the strip, but we didn't mind since we had the pool party going all day and night!
As other "yelpers" have mentioned this community is very close guarded and you feel safe.
The community is also next to various places for food, gas, banking, and whatever else you might need.
The place is enormous and has many amenities in it's property!
The home we stayed in was B E A utiful!
it housed all 12 of us and provided so much space and privacy with a house full of ravers!
All the homes in the community look great and well kept.
The home we stayed had its own pool, spa and slide that made it hard to leave!
I didn't mind the small wait at the entry but I do have say they have their own patrol who actually does speed checks when you drive in, SO BE CAREFUL!
I wouldn't mind staying here again and possibly seeing what other homes offer.

