I was brought into this salon through their coupon, "$9.99 Haircut".
Hard economic times, yep, I'm goin!
Salon is plain ans straight to the point but cute and nicely decorated.
They have 2 massage chairs up at the front that you can utilize while you wait to be taken care of or while you're waiting for your hair color to set in.
My stylist was Malisa.
She's a very sweet gal, chit-chat here and there and-- I have one requirement of any stylist that I go to, THAT THEY LISTEN TO WHAT I WANT and not do what they "think" I should do.
YES, she did and she is awesome!
I went in for a cut, color and blow-dry.
I was very skeptical because, c'mon, coupon??
LOL But I was very satisfied with the end result.

I stopped by here because they were the closest to the house and all I need is a crappy military hair cut.
It seems as if most people off base don't know how to do military  styled hair cuts but I told her just a fade and take some off the top and she did it quick and good.
I can say my hair took maybe 5 mins.
The cut was $11.99 so it's fairly cheap and I didn't wait to long to get on the chair.
My only reason for not giving 5 stars is that when I came in they asked me to sign in and then left me alone without saying anything else.
Normally you would be informed about how long you might wait and how many people are ahead of you but they said nothing which if I were in any sort of hurry, that would be a deal breaker.
I wish I could remember the lady's name who cut my hair but she was the only one in there at the moment so she's probably the main stylist.
(she's a cute asain-ish looking girl) well she did a good job so if you just need a quick guys cut I'm sure she'll do a good enough job.

STAY AWAY FROM THIS SLEAZY PLACE!!!
I had a coupon for a $6.99 cut, so I took my 5 year old son in for a trim last week.
"Summer" greeted us, told us there were 2 people ahead of us, but come back in an hour.
We came back in an hour, waited about 2 minutes, and Summer took good care of my son.
Decided today to go back for a trim for myself for the full price of $11.99 (yes, marketing works!).
Again I was greeted by Summer and again I was told that there were 2 people ahead of me, but I should  come back in an hour at 2 pm.
She told me to sign in with my phone number on the waiting list and she would call me if it looked like it would be sooner.
I returned at 2 pm after waiting an hour, mostly making phone calls in my car in the parking lot.
This time the experience could not have been worse.
Summer was just finishing up with a customer, but told me that there were now 3 new people in front of me, so I would have to wait at least another hour.
What???!!!
She told me that while I was gone, the manager had suddenly changed the policy and customers were now required to wait in the lobby after putting their name on the list or they lose their place in line.
What???!!!
The policy had changed in the hour that I was sitting out in the parking lot???!!!
Summer then told me that she had been too busy with the other customers before me to bother picking up the phone to tell me about the sudden change in policy,  After I made all the logical arguments you can imagine, Summer finally told me "you're not going to win this one, so you might as well just give up and leave so I can get back to work".
She told me I could post a complaint on YELP if I was not happy.
Well, I WAS NOT HAPPY!!!
So I went down the street to GREAT CLIPS at Rhodes Ranch, walked in, was greeted with a smile and was immediately seated, and I got a really great clip for the same $12!!!
Guess where my son and I are going next time?
And the next time?
Must be nice to be able to afford to so totally mistreat and disrespect customers in this economy.

Open till 7pm but won't take walk in for basic men's cut at 525pm.
Terrible business.

