Stay as far away from this place as possible.
The sales people that offer you all the freebies to go to this 120 min presentation are usually very nice but pushy.
We were talked into going, we were guaranteed that if we say no then it's no and we would be on our way and that it would definitely not last more than 2 hours.
Well 3 hours later, we keep trying to leave,  they keep sending over more sales people to talk you into buying into their timeshare the sales manager cherinne was so rude and disrespectful to us because we said no that we felt like so degraded by her.
The freebies are useless, not worth the migraine, the prices are the highest out there do not even bother thinking about it run away fast

Beyond awful.
My girlfriend and I attended their presentation as "guests" of her parents with the promise of a free breakfast.
We suspected what we were getting into, but had we known...  First of all, they'll tell you it's two hours.
It's not.
It's 3.5.
They'll tell you it's no pressure.
That's a lie - it's worse than buying a car.
They will not give you any information on price until the last minute, after you've already invested your entire morning.
They'll guilt you into making a snap decision without any time to think it over.
"This is a today only deal" "We've put our best foot forward for you today, do you think we can give away all of these things tomorrow?
Next week?
"  Honestly, the initial sales pitch made it sound appealing.
I would consider investing IF I was given breathing room and a week or two to reach my own decisions about whether it made financial sense.
The high pressure "MAKE A CHOICE" sales pitch was appalling.
The worst of it was when my girlfriend's parents (who don't have English as a first language) were trying to say no, my girlfriend spoke up to try to explain why they were refusing.
Our representative (Marilyn, I think her name was) turned from friendly gossip into evil witch in the blink of an eye - "excuse me, but you aren't the two on tour here.
I'd appreciate it if you kept quiet.
" She was snarky with all four of us for the remaining 15 minutes, giving us a sarcastic verbal backslap when she finally left as well.
APALLINGLY rude.
What does that make "guests" then?
Furniture decorations?
I make more than enough money to invest in your "ownership" if I feel like it's a good choice, and now I don't because you are rude, condescending, and belligerent.
The initial salesman giving the presentation kept calling us "kids" and "children" as well.
Man - we're 24.
Icing on the cake - after we said no to Marilyn, and THEN the senior salesman she brought in, my gf's parents were given a survey to fill out.
Mid-survey the guy flips the paperwork over and starts trying to sell to them again.
Come on, just let us leave.
Positive: the guy at the check-out counter handing out the gifts was friendly.
STAY FAR AWAY.
It's not worth the freebies.

The worst 3 hrs of my life... Never will I do this again.
I rather of slept then go thru this.
Don't go through this it's not worth it and a waste if a weekend getaway.

The concept of how the timeshare works is awesome.
I like how the weekly timeshare can be used as a whole week, be broken up into a Fri-Sat stay, or Sun - Thursday stay.
It is based on a point system: the longer you stay, the season you travel, the unit type you choose dictates how many points you'll be charged.
The accommodations are great and it is somewhere I would love to have my family stay at while we're traveling.
It's just making an impulse decision to purchase didn't sit right with me.
In all endeavors involving investments, proper planning and research should be conducted.
There is always risk involved, but things can be done to mitigate those risks.
Here they don't give you that time to make an informed decision.
I was trying to walk away but they switched the representative on me one last time.
He was supposed to 'check me out' to complete the paperwork associated with declining the offer but in hind sight, a well versed sales professional moved in and closed the deal.
I was not "suckered in" or lied to.
It's just I made an uninformed decision.
The sales reps were professional, they weren't rude, they didn't hold a gun to my head and say "purchase or die.
" They just painted a picture of a sweet deal that could only be capitalized on if it was seized there and now.
I am going to go on vacation anyways, why not do it through Wyndham and get more bang for my buck?
It sounds great, until I researched and realized in order to fully reap the rewards, I'd have to completely understand the system in order to work it.
I just don't have that time to allocate so it's better to wash my hands of it before I'm into deep.
After 4 hours of running through it in my head, I went with my gut and said no, but the last rep asked me straight up, "What do I not like about the deal?
" I told him that I wanted time to internalize the information presented before me, I wanted hard copies of everything so I could review it and I wanted an OUT if I didn't like what I saw.
He showed me in the paperwork and it says in the contract I had 5 days upon mutual acceptance to cancel.
(This has to be executed in writing, post marked by the 5th day and sent to their PO BOX.
) This convinced me to move forward with the "Bill Me Later" option that made the down payment for the timeshare purchase.
I would now be able to lock the offer that was presented to me that day, and had 2 years to action on and make a purchase.
At that time, my Bill Me Later down payment would be applied to the purchase of that property.
My wife and I were raked in off the street over inside Caesar's palace going into the forum shops.
All they asked us to do was sit through a 2 hour presentation explaining the concept of the timeshare, tour the timeshares properties and give a $40 good faith deposit that would be refunded at the end so we would actually show up.
I inquired about that and the rep said the  $40 would be held as collateral so they didn't just purchase the tickets for the show and nobody showed.
This is inaccurate, the show tickets are vouchers that can be redeemed anytime before the expiration date listed.
The receptionist who issues the vouchers has them at her work station.
Our expiration date said 12/31/13.
I feel you could have talked your way out of giving them that $40, but this is all in hindsight.
What we got in return was a free lunch, show tickets, the $40 we fronted and a free shuttle to drop us at the Monte Carlo to redeem the tickets at the box office.
We chose 2 tickets to the Blue Man Group (retail price is $115/ticket) which we did receive and the seats were great.
Upon initial questioning by the Wyndham stand at Caesar's they asked if we were above 28 years old, married, had a credit card on us (that they only wanted to flash it to them so they could look at it; red flag #1) and then coached us to indicate we earned above $75k (red flag #2) when checking the box for our income.
I found out later that the reason for having the credit card on hand was that a majority of people used it to make the down payment for their time share purchase.
(Unwise in my opinion and doesn't it seem shady that a person would have to lie about their income just to see a presentation?
)  After googling more information regarding the time share, there is an overwhelming negativity towards this product.
With so many complaints, low ratings on various sites, and multiple news articles written by reputable reporting agencies, I'm happy that I am still within the 5 day window to rescind the agreement.
I poured through various postings to see why people rated this product low and this is what I found: no mention of maintenance fees that appear to rise every year, countless efforts for owners to be raked in again for new programs, people who are trying to off load this timeshare and can't, high APRs with good credit, increases to point values to reserve rooms.
DO YOUR HOMEWORK.

Oh Lordy...where to even begin?
Like anyone else, we came here for the free breakfast and free show.
Peter and I had been talking about timeshares, but we weren't informed.
So we figured we'd reap the benefits of the breakfast and show as well as inform ourselves on what timeshares are all about.
The presentation was GREAT!
It made so much sense!
Why pay more to rent when we can save money by owning?
I apply that type of logic to my daily life (I bought a house instead of renting one).
Our rep, Jacob was really nice.
He took us over to the resort...which was nice, but it felt more like a retirement home than anything else.
We were both up front with Jacob.
We told him that we wouldn't be able to make a decision today.
We likes the logic behind their sales pitch, but bottom line is we need more time to think about our finances.
Jacob didn't like it.
We just kept going around in circles.
It turned from the mindset of "let's get information" into "let's get out of here!
"   We finally were released from Wyndham's claws, and got our $40 deposit back.
We got our free vouchers for Jubilee and a $50 American Express giftcard!
Ultimately, we came up...but you pay for these incentives with your time and sanity.
The talk is NOT 120 minutes.
We were there from 9:55am until around...2pm!
CRAZY!!!!!

Would give them 'Zero' Stars if i could.
The Wife and I went to Vegas for our 30th Monthiversary.
Booked a Pyramid Spa Suite at the Luxor Hotel and Casino for 4 nights.
Upon our arrival, we were met by a nice young lady asking us if we were staying the night and offered huge discounts on some shows.
We took kind of a n interest, since the only show we bought tickets for were the 'Jersey Boys'.
We let her expain what it is.
We just listen to a presentation of Wyndham Vacation Resorts for 1 hour and we also get a free buffet.
They will give us tickets for $10.00 each to see 'Chris Angel's Magic Jam'.
Since we were going to be in Vegas for 4 nights with nothing planned except relaxation, why not.
So we did.
They signed us up, we paid $50.00 cash and they will give us back $30.00 cash at the presentation along with our tickets, etc... We have stayed at various Wyndham Resort Hotels in the past and know they are a really good company.
We were not worried.
The next day we went to the location to be picked up by their bus, and they were there.
Several couples were also on the bus.
They drove us down the main blvd to a Wyndham Resort.
Went upstairsis and was introduced to the guy that will explain different things for us.
Showed us the Buffet, we ate.
After we went thru the line, the Buffet shut down.
We received one plate of food, and it was pretty good but not great.
Ate the lunch with the guy sitting at our table.
Then the Presentation began....lots of HYPE for about 50 minutes.
Still nothing was really explained and we became not interested.
Already there the 2 hours and they are not done yet.
After the presentation, the guy that was sitting with us talked to us about the details... the cost...
The Presentator asked around the room about how much do you spend a night for a hotel room.
Various people called out nubers, 100, 110, 115, 85, 90, 140, etc...our number was 93.00 a night and we go on vacation about 4 weeks a year.
They stated that the National Average vacation days a year is 6 weeks and the National Average hotel room cost is $180.00 a night.
Somehow he came up with an average we spend $78,000 dollars on hotel rooms.
$78K is over more than a 10 years span.
They guy with us finally came down to the cost of the Wyndham Vacation Resorts is $38,000 and something dollars with an annual maintenance fee of $1,380.00.
note: We go on vacation 4 weeks a year for $2,6040 a year on Hotel Rooms (on average).
Over a 10 year period, that's $26,040, not $78,000.
Wyndham Vacation Resorts, over a 10 year period is way more than we pay for our vacations.
You do receive 20,000 credits per years and the credits are applied to the number of days you want to stay, and they are all over the place...many of them...and that's great.
We asked what the Cash Price of the W.V.R.
would be.
They said they don't like to deal with a cash sell, and they are showing the "LOW" interest rate of 9.78%.
We do not buy anything on credit aboue 4%....period.
They finally obtained a cash sell of $28,000 and some dollars.
That is a little better, but hey, 'NO'.
They became a little pushy and we held ground and said we are leaving and we want our tickets, etc.
They gave us our tickets and $30.00 cash back and we left.
Wyndham Hotel and Resorts are a great place to stay but we did not like how pushy these people became.
I did Marketing for a number of years and did not tell them.
To keep the people intersted, you keep the room cool and the Main Presentation no more than 45 minutes long.
When you say your offering a Free Buffet make sure it is a 'Buffet' and not just a plate of dryed chicken...and be honest about your totals.
78K is Not Our Totals...
It's all HYPE and nothing else.
These people are in EVERY HOTEL and CASINO on the strip.
They should not be allowed to be there, it's just bad for business.

