overall I am not a huge fan of big 5... you may be thinking, hey guy you rated this place 4 stars....    allow me to explain... i am a tennis player... this place always has THE best deals on Tennis balls....  its crazy...  if you are looking for a great deal on tennis balls, head on over to BIG 5....

Excellent service and knowledgable staff.

Top notch staff.
They really know their merchandise.
High praise for the kid in the Shoe department who I sent back to the storeroom a half dozen times to get me a different pair of sneakers.
Now I know its here and has a wide arrangement of sporting goods I will be back for other items.

They pack a lot of stuff in this little store.
I've always like Big 5.
I've been in quite a few of them around town and they all are pretty much the same.
1) They've been around for years which is good.
2) They have a decent selection that covers just about any sport.
3) They aren't as big as a Sports Authority, which to me, is good (easy to find stuff) 4) Prices are competitive.
Watch for their flyer in the paper for the specials and happy sporting!

If ever I am looking for a cheap pair of shoes for normal everyday wear, I will come here to shop.
They always have good deals on older versions of running shoes and if you browse their weekly flyer, you might find something you are interested in.
Although, small compared to the other sporting goods stores in town, they have a very friendly staff that are knowledgeable about their products.

Big 5 is a smaller sporting goods store (maybe 1/4 the size of Dick's) but is good if you know what you want and need to run in quickly to get it.
The staff is friendly, although I haven't gotten a lot of help on the floor, mainly at the register.
The one complaint I have was when I was purchasing weights and was waiting in line for the next register, after the one register opened that the manager was working at, he came over to the other terminal and didn't indicate if he was open or what.
It's not like I was about to drop the weight, but it was something heavy to carry when you're not in "workout mode".
I do prefer Dick's but everything I've bought here has worked so I have no complaints.

5 reasons why I love BIG5!
I got all my trekking gear from Nepal in one visit 2.
I saved tons of money on black Friday...
I can't believe how reasonable the prices are 3.
Friendly staff 4.
I saved an extra 10% off my entire bill by giving them my email when checking out.
Parking is never a problem with a big open lot If you're looking for a sporting goods store, hit up Big5 first!
Thank you BIG5!!!
I'm a fan!
- Miss Yelp 2013

They have a lot of stuff in this store, AC is always on, no long lines most of the times, staff is friendly.
Picked up some boots, asked the staff if they have it in my size, they went to the back and came out 5 min later with my size.
In and out in under 20 min.

