I'd strongly suggest Taco Tuesdays and/or the shredded beef breakfast burrito.
It's greasy, Mexican fast food so don't go here expecting anything but that.
Their drive thru is super fast and I've always had friendly service at this location.
Don't forget the "Del Scorcho" hot sauce!

Ran in to use the restroom because we were getting sandwiches at Capriotti's, which does not have a restroom.
There was a grumpy old guy guarding the restroom, who insisted that I buy something.
Ok I get it, they are there to serve food, but I kind of felt pushed into buying something.
I got a medium fry to eat with the sub and all I can say is yuck!!
And I'm really a fry junkie, I can't turn them down.
Never had them from del taco before, and I will definitely not do that again.
They were soggy and room temperature.
I think a McDonakd's fry that's been under my seat for a month would still taste better.

Conveniently located next to Southpoint Hotel and Casino so if you're looking for non hotel food dining walk or drive to this Del Taco location.
Service is as expected with any Del Taco.

I was in town for a convention.
I came in dressed up as a sexy cop lady.
I'm a pretty big dude by the way.
Even with my weird costume on the staff was super nice to me.
There was a super nice worker who complimented my costume, I don't remember her name, but she should get a raise.
And the manager coped with my strange requests to add the weirdest stuff to my food.
They even let me buy a tortilla.
JUST A TORTILLA.
The other places don't let me do that.
That whole week I ate at this Del Taco all day, everyday.
I'll miss this place!

Staff was friendly and quick to serve me.the cashier was somewhat new, but did a good job.
Restrooms were clean.

Always a good late night fix to my Hunger

Co - worker sent me on a taco run.
This time just regular tacos for me.
The regular tacos are good.
I don't think you can go wrong with that!
My co worker, said his fish tacos weren't that good this time either.
So I guess there fish tacos are hit and miss.
So I think I will stick with there tacos and hamburgers only!

Del Taco is the best fake mexican food.
And this location nails it!!
Even down to the free extra limes and the secret menu..
Ask for Go Bold on any item you get and they add fries and secret sauce..
WIN..

I know, I know!
But this place was so good, cheap and convenient!
They were open 24 hours and had a pretty good selection.
Plus, their prices were pretty darn good!
I think I ate here more than I did at the hotel.
I loved the beef burrito so much that I started making it at home!
Wish they had some of these places in Hawaii!

Very good food.
Consistent with other del taco's in California and good price.

I give Del Taco 4 stars but this place 3.
It's not as clean as it should be, the bathrooms are always a wreck, but they DID start putting sauces on the table, which is nice.
The food is a little below par of other locations too.
But when in the neighborhood, I'll go.

