This place is clean, the people are nice, and my pedicure looks great!
My heels feel like a baby's bottom!
This nail shop is next to Smith's on Ann & Decatur.

This is a review for their eyebrow waxing service.
I can sum it up by saying, "Don't get your eyebrows waxed here!
" but if you want more details, read on.
When you first walk into this place, it's actually kind of cute and clean-looking compared to most nail shops in Las Vegas.
I went in around 2PM on a Sunday and it wasn't packed, but all the technicians were with other customers.
I checked out the price list on the wall which was incomplete, like they peeled off some of the price stickers and never replaced them.
Overall though, almost all of the services offered were a few dollars more than any other nail shop I've been to in the area.
I waited about five or ten minutes until I was called to the back.
The eyebrow waxing cost $10.
The woman who performed it was sweet, but I was nervous the whole time because she seemed very unsure of herself and kept fumbling with the wax like she didn't really know what to do.
She dropped strings of wax all over my eyelashes three or four times and nervously apologized.
This REALLY made me uneasy!
She didn't really know how to handle tweezers either.
She was more scraping the little stray hairs off, rather than pulling them out at the root.
It hurt, like she was snapping the hairs off at the base where the hair meets my skin.
When she was done, she had me stand up to look in a mirror.
She missed quite a few baby hairs that probably would have been picked up with the wax if she did a quick once-over with the wax strip.
The icing on the cake though was that my eyebrows were blazing red when she was done.
Every other time I've ever had my eyebrows waxed anywhere else, my skin would be a light flushed pink for a half hour or so afterward.
But my skin was RED this time.
The woman giggled and said, "Oh you're so red.
Does this usually happen to you?
It must be the oil.
I shouldn't have put oil on you.
That makes it turn red.
" Ummm... okay, if you know that oil is going to turn my skin red then why did you use it in the first place?
Anyway, I won't be going back here for an eyebrow waxing... or any waxing for that matter.

I had an appointment on a Saturday morning with a new nail technician at this salon.
I had never been to this nail salon before.
The nail tech was late to my appointment so my pedicure was started by another tech.
Pedi was great.
I also had a set of gel nails done.
As usual at most of these "hole in the wall" places they were super busy.
My gel nails were finally done after 3 different people worked on my nails.
After being at the salon for over 2 hours I was ready to leave.
When I got in my car I noticed some of my nails had visible ridges while others had white showing through the nail polish.
I had to catch a plane for a wedding so I didn't have the time to go back inside to have them redone.
I came back 2 days after I returned and showed the woman at the counter my nails.
She said wow they have ridges.
Long story short they refused to give me my money back.
Apparently the have a "policy" that is not in black or white that states they cannot refund your money.
After the sitting in their salon for over 2 hours on Saturday plus the poor quality of their service I felt I should get my money back.
They refused and further more used the excuse that they were too busy on Saturday to have noticed the quality of my nails.
They also tried to blame me for the ridges in my nails.
Just like on Saturday I went through 3 different people trying to explain my dilemma.
In the end I did not get my money back.
I will NEVER go back there again and I warn anyone to stay away.
If they had an ounce of customer service maybe I would feel different.

Went to get a mani/pedi after visiting another place that sucked!
Found Cyndi by accident and she was amazing.
Her pedicure was very thorough.
She was very technical.
Manicure was just as great!
It took me 2 years to find a regular manicurist and I finally did!
Thanks for screwing me over Diva Nails on Azure....

It can be a very busy place but I have tried other nail salons with recommendations from friends and always I wished I stayed with Pure Spa.
The pedi's are awesome, and my feet are always soft and the nail polish last for 2 weeks at least.
Jeannie and Mimi are great with manicures.
It's best to make an appt for a weekend visit but on weekdays usually you can just walk in without much wait.
I also get my eyebrows waxed by Jeannie.
Perfect job all the time.

I used to go in here all the time to get my eyebrows waxed.
I went in yesterday, and had to sit and wait.
I had flip flops on.
My toenails are clean and trimmed, but not polished.
There was a woman giving another woman a manicure.
She asked me if I wanted a pedicure, and I told her no.
She started laughing and then proceeded to say something to the customer getting the manicure, who promptly looked at me and started laughing.
Then, the manicurist said something to the person who was prepping to do my eyebrows (in another language) and he said, "No, eyebrows.
" She said something else, and again, he said, "no, eyebrows.
" She started laughing again and her and the manicure customer kept staring at me and whispering in another language.
I stood up and left.
I will never go again.
I understand that people in that field tend to talk crap about us in another language as we get our services done, but at least try to be discreet.

Not real impressed.
Walked in because I was at the Smiths next door and thought it would be a quick in and out.
Nope.
Not only are they slow.
They are rude.
They have a Chinese movie blasting on the TV and everyone is just lounging around.
My tech was in the phone for the first 10 minutes.
No effort to conversate.
The chair was broken and his massage was horrible.
Two of the best part of a pedi...FAIL.

Gel manicure $30 Stop by because it was down the street from my house and thought it would be a convenient location.
The pricing was pretty good- I've seen gel manicures for $35.
However their customer service can use A LOT of work.
All the techs were longing around on their Ipads watching movies and they hardly acknowledge you when you walk in.
They talk to each other in loud Vietnamese without any concern if they're making you feel uncomfortable.
Their work stations appear slightly dirty and I kept getting a fear that I might catch some nail infection.
Overall I might come back for the price and convenience, but I wouldn't say this place was top of the line and wasn't overly impressed.

Used to come here a lot it's right around the corner from my house but there's nothing really special.
The gel nail Polish is limited and a lot of them left ridges on my nails.
Every time I got my nails done here I always had go go back because they take too long or they don't do them right and every time I went back for them to fix a problem the next day after getting my manicure I would get an unwelcoming look.

I always come to this shop and schedule with Lee I like my nails to be different all the time and he does an amazing job

I have been going to this place for the last 2 years.
There has been many changes since than.
I used to go to Cindy but she was let go.
Why I don't know but she was great at what she did.
Than the store was bought over by a new male owner maybe about 4-5 months ago.
Bad thing.
When making a appointment with him and I wanted to see Lee.
Well when I get there Lee already had an appointment with someone else.
The owner is there and trying to push me on to someone else.
To find out he over books on the same employee.
That is NOT the way to do business at all.
Once we find someone we like and trust you don't want to see anyone else.
There is a gal that also does nails and every time I was there and the boss wasn't she was constantly on her cell phone while waiting on a customer.
Like I really want to hear about her making a doctor's appointment and what it is for.
Not.
The last time I called to find out Lee is no longer working there and honestly I can see why.
They need a new owner who knows how to treat their customers and employees.
I can't see this business going on much longer.
No lose to me to be honest.

