To be honest, this is the first and only obgyn I have gone to, as I started going here when I was 18 years old and have gone ever since, giving birth to three children along the way.
I'm 28 years old now and have never felt the need to make a change.
Dr. Carla Turner was my original doctor and delivered my sons, but by the time I got pregnant with my third child (I always saw a nurse for my yearly exams, not the doctor) she had left GVOBGYN and joined another practice here in town.
At first I wanted to follow her because I liked her so much, but the receptionist had already scheduled me with Dr. Tyre, so I figured it was only fair to give another doctor in the office a fair shot.
I loved her just as much.
She was so helpful and answered any and all of my questions and delivered my beautiful daughter with the greatest of ease.
Everyone in the office makes you feel very comfortable, and I would highly recommend this office.
On a personal note, I am biased towards the female docs in this office, as I just have an issue with the male obgyns, so I cannot recommend any of them...

DO NOT COME HERE!
This is the worst place I've ever been to!!!
I had a 2:30pm appointment to which I showed up on time for, and by 4pm the doctor STILL HADN'T shown up!!
I went into the hallway to ask a nurse what was going on, but she just told me to wait a few more minutes.
They left me sitting there in a paper gown for 1 1/2 hours!!!!!!
Then to add salt to the wound, no one ever answers the phone.
They tell you to wait 10 days for PAP results, yet It's been over 2 weeks and I cannot get ahold of them!
I even drove there yesterday to ask about my results and they would NOT help!
THIS PLACE IS HELL.

I've been going to Dr. Torres for years, and hadn't really had a bad experience.
I've never minded waiting for him...because he's a great doctor, listens to ALL my questions and concerns, and is NEVER rushed with me.
However, I called Friday morning, with an emergency with my IUD and I needed to be seen.
They got me in on Monday, July 1st, but it wasn't going to be with Dr. Torres.
Monday comes, and I show up at 850, because I couldn't remember if my appointment was at 9, or 915... better to show up early anyways, right?
I was told by the ladies that I was seeing a "Connie".
I had my daughter with me, and my guy showed up about 930.
An hour goes by, and they come get me around 1030 to weigh me, take a urine sample and my blood pressure.
The nurse told me that they were just "waiting for a room" and that it shouldn't be much longer.
Well, another hour goes by, which means that we had been sitting for two hours, and no doctor has seen me.
I finally get called back, and the nurse asks me "what I am here for ".
I tell her that I am not sure, that the scheduler did not tell me what I would be doing.
She tells me to undress from the waist down.
Ten minutes go by, and I have lost my patience.
What the EFF is the point of having an appointment and being seen two hours later?
I had other things to do that day, and my guy had to get back to work.
I put my pants back on, and we are leaving when this "connie" who in all the years I have been coming, have never seen.
She asked my why I was here today, and I told her.
She felt the need to question that.
And then she asked what I was suppose to be "had done" today as well.
REALLY?
You and your nurse are going to have me take my pants off and you don't even know what you are doing to me?
No checkout paper was given to me.
Only a paper for blood work.
I now have a $43 bill.
I have never paid more than $20 for a copay here.
Sorry Dr. Torres, but your support staff is terrible.
I will never see any one besides my doctor again.

Fortunately, I didn't consider the bad reviews here before I scheduled an appointment with Nurse Practitioner Sylvia Averitt (Menasco).
I read great reviews about her on Health Grades website and being new to the area, made an appointment for a general check up.
I was asked to arrive 30 minutes early for my appointment to fill out the appropriate paperwork, which I did.
I was called back about 10 minutes before my actual appointment time, which was a nice surprise.
The back office staff was very friendly and efficient.
Sylvia entered the room within just a couple minutes of her nurse.
Sylvia is wonderful!
Not only did she make me feel very welcome and comfortable, I didn't feel rushed in any way and was able to discuss some things with her without feeling like I was taking up her time.
I will for sure go back to her again.
The front desk was friendly enough, could smile a little more.
The back office scheduling staff was very knowledgeable and friendly.
The waiting room is not very comfortable - seems much too small for all the chairs that are crowded in there.
But all in all, it was a pleasant experience and I would recommend this office.

The doctors are great, but the staff is HORRIBLE!
When I call, it seriously takes 8 to 10 minutes to get someone to answer.
Not even exaggerating.
when I went there for the first time, the staff looked at me like "what do you want" instead of asking "how may I help you.
" My appt was at 2:30, I got there at 1:50 and didn't get seen until 4:22pm....
I mean, they could have atleast told me that they were behind on patients or something...Again, doctors-GREAT, Staff-HORRIBLE!

I'm pregnant with my 2nd child and I recently moved back to vegas, I have been going here my entire pregnancy to see Dr. Fleischer.
I have no complaints about him, he's awesome, but the waiting time is very long (1-2 hrs) and the staff isn't very outgoing or friendly.
Those things don't bother me as long as my doctor is doing his job..

Horrible staff at the front desk.
I witnessed the Indian lady almost hollering at a lady cause she didn't know what she was suppost to say when she picked her stuff up.
The young lady that helped me was completely rude when I had a question to ask.
I doubt ill ever come back to this place!

OK, First thing first: It takes forever to see your doctor.
Our shortest wait was 1 hour.
It usually takes about 2 hours to see your doc.
Be prepared to kill your precious time in the office.
The nurses are nice and friendly, but cannot say the same for the office staff!
Although we saw Dr. Fleisher regularly throughout the pregnancy, we didn't get him for the delivery.
Instead, and UNFORTUNATELY, we had Dr. REBECCA TYRE who was on call for the delivery.
In all fairness, we knew from the onset that getting Dr. Fleisher was not guaranteed and that we could get any of the six doctors for the delivery.
And we had hoped that it would be OK to have someone other than Dr. Fleisher for the delivery as we had developed a good relationship with him.
Now, the perplexing thing is not that we had a HORRIFYING and TRAUMATIZING experience with DR. TYRE, but that it is almost an established fact that DR. TYRE universally and repeatedly gets bad reviews!
And please go check as many webmd reviews as you wish!
She is unacceptably unprofessional.
Now my question is to the office, Green Valley OB GYN: Why do you still have TYRE on board despite the fact that she has an established track record of traumatizing your patients???
It is such a shame when her own colleagues from the same office badmouth her practice and professionalism big time, yet still keep her there and allow her to ruin people's most important and emotional moments...   Now please read our personal experience with Tyre below if you think that I am a little too harsh and decide for yourself...
When Tyre came in to the delivery room at St. Rose Dominican Hospital, she didn't even bother to greet us!
First thing we heard from her was "where are you from?
" We knew that it wasn't going to be a pleasant experience, but she was on call that night!
In only 15 minutes, she was able to traumatize us big time and to completely ruin the most magical and memorable moment of our life.
Our daughter was born with a minor birth defect and Tyre broke it to us in an extremely unprofessional way.
She looked at our baby and said "what is wrong with this baby?
Take "it" and check "it"!
" She didn't even let us enjoy our baby for one moment, shed happy tears, or celebrate the arrival of our precious angel.
Then, of course, we completely freaked out, trying to figure out what was going on, but she refused to elaborate anything, stating that it wasn't her job to diagnose the newborn!
A heartless and unprofessional woman, a monumental shame to her profession!
She should not be involved with childbirth, one of the most emotional and magical human experiences ever.
She is an arrogant doctor, and a horrible, ugly human being...Stay away from her, and from this office if possible...

THE GOOD: I have been seeing Sylvia Menasco for years, and she is understanding, explains everything, I really love her.
THE BAD: Staff kind of sucks.
I have to call the office and I'm nervous about calling because I know I'll be on hold for a long time, only to talk to an "assistant" who may or may not call me back with the answers I need.
THE UGLY: Who likes going to the Gyno?
The office is full of pregnant women as well as little kids,  and the wait is forever.

The office staff is HORRIBLE.
The front desk is so extremely rude!
I have been in at least 5 times within the last 7 months and every time I get attitude.
Plus whenever you call you get put on hold for more then 20 minutes and then just get hung up on.
The wait is extremely long as well, be available for at least 2 hours for your 20 minute appointment.
I see Dr Tyre, she is OK and her nurses are nice.
But I think I will be going somewhere else in the future.

Doesn't even deserve one star.
If you have any serious issues you need taken care of I wouldn't recommend this place.
I saw Becky Gonzales due to the fact that uterine cancer runs in my family.
My sister had genetic testing and found out she had Lynch Syndrome.
She was told that all her siblings need to also be tested for this because if you have it there is an 87% you will get uterine/colon cancer.
Becky had never even heard of Lynch Syndrome, nor did she realize that uterine and colon cancer were related.
At that point, if I had been dressed I would have walked right out.
As soon as I could, I got out of there and saw her using her phone to Google information, so basically I knew more than her.
She told me she had been practicing for 20 years...not sure what she was practicing but obvious she was not up-to-date any recent medical discoveries.

Last time I gave them 4 stars but I'm giving them 5 now bcuz Dr.Fliesher is the BEST!!
Screw the wait time I would wait anyday for DR.Fliesher to deliver my baby.
6 weeks ago he delivered my son and I have to say he is amazing.
I have 2 kids my daughter I gave birth to in NY and I also had a great doctor there but he really knows what he's doing.
I was iffy about him at first, I was really thinking about changing to a different doctor but I'm real glad I didn't.
If u want a good doctor to deliver your baby he's the one!
I had no problems

I've been going here for years and it is an amazing OB/GYN.
I started off seeing Sylvia Manasco for my gyno appointments and she is wonderful.
When I got pregnant I was switched to my current OB Dr. Tyre.
She is nothing short of amazing.
I've had both of my children with her and plan to have my third with her.
I have a blood disorder and had severe bleeding with my first child.
She was so quick and efficient that she was able to stop my bleeding and stitch me up in the matter of minutes.
At the beginning of my first pregnancy I was with a different OB and I waited for hours in the waiting room for appointments.
I remember I once waited three hours and then was not able to see my previous OB doctor.
Is very different Dr. Tyre.
I have never waited for more than 20 minutes to see her.
I usually only wait 5 to 10.
This is an amazing office and I highly recommend it.

I have been going here for almost 2 years now under the care of Rebecca Tyre.
My experience has been awful to say the least.
It's bad enough that I'm having difficulties getting pregnant but to have an OBGYN that is unknowledgeable, uncaring, and not personable just makes my jaw drop and my heart continue to hurt.
I thought my previous OBGYN who told me that The reason I wasn't getting pregnant was because I was too fat was bad but my experience with Rebecca (doesn't even deserve the title Dr.) is worse!
At each of my visit Rebecca was quick to keep trying to refer me to a Specialist; however from advice from friends I told her that I would rather do as much of the tests with her (since my insurance covers it rather than all the tests with a Specialist).
So needless to say after each of my visits I researched what steps I needed to take and just told her what to do and what Tests to order and send me for.
Now, I'm no doctor but isn't the doctor suppose to be the one giving the advice and educating the patient on what needs to be done?
Well unfortunately, not in my situation.
Please save yourself further heartache!
If you are having troubles conceiving, do research and find yourself another OBGYN.

This office has too many patients it is very hard to get a non emergency appointment in the same month.
I needed to reschedule an appointment, due to a work emergency, and they could not see me for another month.
Not everyone works a perfect 9-5 predictable schedule, some compassion and flexibility would be appreciated.
I will be finding a new doctor.

This waiting room is by far the worst I've ever been to.
Staff is rude and has attitude, personal questions are asked loudly (social security, personal information).
I even heard staff ask a young woman loudly if she's ever had any abortions or miscarriages.
Waiting times are extremely long.
Charged 150 for a consultation to show the doctor results I already knew the recommendation for.... Horrible experience.
Never ever ever go to Becky Gonzales.
How she completed medical school I don't know-she gave me incorrect information and was rude.
No bedside manner.
Switched to dr knapp-so far other than the aforementioned she has been ok.

I wasn't trilled about coming here last Wednesday for obvious reasons (the dreaded pap) and the reviews didn't make it better.
But I went in with an open mind and am so glad I did.
The girl who helped me at the front desk was a little short at first but after smiling and going on with a good attitude she turned around.
The MA called me into the back for vitals and there were several others sitting around talking about other patients and plans for the coming weekend (neither of which are very professional).
Was called back again, taken to my room and waited for my Dr..  Becky Gonzales is AMAZING!
She was straightforward and honest.
Some might find that "rude" but seeing as I'm the exact same I really appreciated it.
She answered all my questions and took her time!
I'm actually looking forward to going back Friday.. and if anything changes I'll be sure to update my review!

