I've been going here on and off  since I was in High School (so, not THAT long ago) Easily the best smoothies in town, even when compared to tropical smoothie and jamba juice.
The food is great as well, and the service is prompt regardless of whether I'm there at 3pm or 3am.
I would recommend a Berry Me with whey protein.
And I am a fan of their teriyaki bowls as well.

This may be the best juice bar in a gym ever.
Not only do they have excellent healthy juice choices along with powder boosts, they also have salads, what appear to be rice bowls, and other options.
There is a not so healthy tamale stand a few feet away.
The prices are not bad either for a trapped audience.
Not only that, there is a small seating area with TV so  you can enjoy your item of choice before or after the workout without being rushed.

This might be more of a frustration venting session rather than a review but I can't take it anymore!
This review will probably be done before my smoothie is finished.
3 stars in the day but late at night I would give it a negative if that was possible!
There is still old and I mean old man that takes the night shift.
He'll take his sweet ass time with one smoothie and don't be surprised if he goes at the back and forgets about you.
Only reason I don't tell him off or ask for his manager is because I kind of feel sorry for him because a man that old and still working must be working for a reason and as mad as I can be I still have a heart and don't wanna get a person of that age fired.
He still frustrates the hell out of me when I see him though.
I timed him once and literally took him 15min to make my smoothie and it was just me!
At least I had a good workout.
Goodnight y'all and oh my Lakers finally won a damn game!
......hell no he forgot to add the protein in my smoothie!
I'm already in the car and don't feel like walking back.

As far as LVAC Jucie Bars go this place is by far my favorite... keep in mind the only other one I visited was the Rainbow location but out of the 2 this is best :)   Sure every now and then the bananas in my shake are lumpy and not perfectly blended but for me supply on demand wins out and I'd much rather drop $6 on a smoothie than drive across the parking lot to Tropical Smoothie  I have tried multiple smoothies here and some of my favorites are: Acai?
Extreme w/ Pineapple Juice, Chocolate dipped Banana, and Orange Dreamcicle  I usually go around lunch time and eventhough they're always busy I never end up waiting too long for a drink.
I havent tried their tamales but I hear they are awesome.
Bottom line, I never hit the gym without rewarding myself with a nice protein packed $6 smoothie..
I am the ultimate consumer ;)

This is a juice bar which you should really skip if you're finished working out.
Cut those unneeded calories!!!
However, they do offer many varieties to choose from.
Smoothies, meals, snacks, and flavors are made fairly quick by the staff.
Pricing is a bit more expensive than if you were to go to Tropical Smoothie across the street (10% discount with LVAC membership AND loyalty card for free smoothies!

Tried this juice bar the other day and didnt find it super amazing.
Its cool they have protein shakes but theyre way overly priced and didnt taste good at all.
The one my friend ordered me was a cream sickle type flavor.
The one i make at home, tasted way better and was 1/4th of the price.
There was a huge line and they were busy, so maybe thats another reason why i wasnt impressed.
It was ridiculous that i had to wait 15 minutes for a smoothie.
I'd rather go to another juice place.
maybe next time i'll try tropical smoothie?

I live the drinks just wish their website was wetter in telling what's in their drinks ...
Odd Considering they cater to gym members who would probably would want to know what their taking in

Love that they are 24 hours and I dont have to go anywhere after my work out to grab a smoothie

Great after workout protein shake.
I always get the same 40gram shake.
It's a nice treat after I get done working out b

MANBAKE - Beef Cakes Where have you been all my life?!
These sweet little treats are my favorite pre AND post workout "treats"!
Low carb, insanely high protein,  CLA, and all natural - how can you say no to them?

My favorite shake is "Going Ape".
Awesome after a good workout.
The rest of the menu gives me cooking ideas and along with learning to eat healthier I'm learning that it doesn't have to taste bad to be healthy.
Cliche yes but I'm figuring it out as I go along

