Stopped in one fine evening in January to purchase a PS3....
I told the wonderfully helpful behind the counter of my intention to trade my xbox tre-60 in on the ps3 later that evening.... he quoted me a price and the deal was on.... or so I thought.......
Drove the 10 minutes home, packed up all my tre-60 supplies and drove the 10 minutes back.... i was like " lets do the deal"   he was like "we are sold out of pS3's"   UMMMMM  - information that may have been useful an hour ago before I unhooked, packed up and drove my xbox back down here to trade in..... just an extemely disappointing experience... i have since taken my business to a different store where the service is not lacking...

Went here to purchase Black Ops for midnight release.
They do know that there will be a long line of people that night so why not prepare for it instead of just having 2 people at the register.
They should have set a system to separate those that have already paid in full with a receipt to make the line go faster!
Oh well I'm the fool that could just have walked to Walmart and purchased it without waiting in line rather than freezing my butt off 'til 1:45am.
2 stars because they gave snacks and refreshments during the wait.
And too many geeks in line that I imagine will be the ones cursing me out acting hard online and calling me racial slurs haha.

This used to be my favorite Gamestop when Dijon worked here, but he's since moved to the blue diamond location, so I frequent that one more, although this one is still closest and I like it.
Sacha has been working at this location for a while too, and he's cool, but I dealt with Dijon a lot more and he knew me as a regular and always hooked up free shwag.
If you're used to buying videogames, then you may know how a store like this works, however, some people are still noobs, so I'm here to help.
Let me start with a list of things to do and things not to do at this franchise.
DO: Number 1 - Pre-orders: Pre-order the AAA titles that have collector's editions or special editions, or limited produced items like arcade fightsticks.
Wal-mart and best buy usually won't have these items and gamestop will only order as many as they are reserved, so if you don't, you're fucked, and you're going to be hitting up ebay and paying double or triple the retail value in some cases.
Pre-order the hot titles and if you change your mind come release day, just back out and get your money back.
You don't HAVE to buy the game if you change your mind, and nobody is forcing you to.
It's just like having a little bit of security and not getting screwed when the game gets sold out elsewhere.
As incentive,  there's always exclusive pre-order bonuses for in-game content, and they call to remind you when the game will be out a couple days before...so why not.
Number 2 - "Free Rentals": Some people might not be aware of this loop-hole, but if you buy a USED game, you have 7 days to return it for a full refund, granted you kept the receipt.
This is mostly for the Achievement and Trophy whores who know that they'll beat a certain game in a week and want nothing to do with it again after that...whores like me.
This is also convenient if you're considering buying a game, but are not sure if you'll like it, or if you think you might get bored of it after a while.
I use the term "free" loosely, because you do have to front the money, but you get it back in the end.
Try it out at least once.
DON'T: Number 1 - Trade Ins: I've heard it a million times, pissed off gamers who think Gamestop is so evil because they give you pennies on the dollar for your used games, then turn around and sell it at retail price.
This is true...they do that.
But if they're going to sell a game at retail, why shouldn't you get retail price for it?
For this, I suggest ebay for getting the right amount of cash back for your games you don't want anymore.
Here, you can undersell Gamestop, but still get back more what they would offer you.
Play the money game; instead of giving them nothing but profit by buying their used games, use the "free rentals" loop-hole.
Instead of getting ripped off by them on trade-ins, undersell them on ebay.
Number 2 - Midnight Releases: I would highly advise to never go to a midnight release...at any location.
For reals...they're always shitty and you'll have a fucked up time because it's just not that much of an organized event if you're strictly going there with intent to buy the game at midnight.
It's chaotic.
D-bags cut in line in front of those who have been waiting hours, the kids are annoying, and there is no structure at the registers.
I mean, I guess if you plan on not getting home until 1 - 2am, downing RedBull, and staying up all night with your new game, then go for it.
I, however, prefer to save the headache, go to bed instead, and come back in the morning where the game will be waiting.
I'm too old for that midnight shit anyway.
It's just not cool to me.
All in all, Gamestop is the juggernaut of commercial game sales, and their stores are popping up more than McDonald's and Starbucks, which is a good thing.
I've spent more money on new games than I can remember at these stores because I'm an avid collector, and they cater to my needs.
Occasionally, I'll buy used if it's a game I never picked up on launch day, and it's been marked down decently and it's in pristine shape, and if I think I'll keep it for more than a week, haha.
Gamestop is legit.

I don't really care for Gamestop...
They are very over-priced and the lack of useful employees is very disappointing.
They offer very little in-store credit for trades and their shelves are always a mess.

I usually like this place, but I recently had a bad experience.
I went here to buy MW3 on release day.
Granted, I know that it was gonna be busy, but that is specifically why I put a hold and purchased it the day before.
When I arrived there at 6:00pm (18 hours after its release), I still had to wait in line for 30 minutes.
What is the point in me purchasing the product if I still have to wait in line for that long?
Finally, one of the guys behind the counter had the bright idea of asking the people in the store if they had previously purchased their item and had their receipt.
Out of 25 people that were there, 2 people raised their hands.
Needless to say, if it weren't for the smart thinking of one employee, the wait time would have been much longer.

This store has a pretty fair selection of used and new games for the three leading consoles, so if you're looking to pick up a new game for your collection, look here.
I'm not a hardcore gamer, so I don't purchase new games or pre-order new games, but I do peruse the used games selection.
Big plus on being able to try the used game for seven days and if you just don't like it, you can return it.
The same seven-day rule applies to accessories.
What I most appreciate is being able to go into this store and pick up what I'm looking for without having to mill through a huge store, like when I was in search of a charger for XBox 360 controllers.
The service here has generally been pleasant, and a high-five to Ali in particular (this kid is funny).
I do find the store to be cramped, as it seems that every peice of retail real estate is maximized for use.
This can be challenging when a new game comes out, so if you're not ready to deal with that rush, don't go.
I've literally driven up to the store, parked, walked up to the door and seen the mob scene, and just gotten back into my car and driven away.

Called and asked some girl named Lorena what time they closed.
Didn't even know.
Terrible.

I've encountered some rude staff here but for the most part they do their job.
As with every gamestop- low trade in offers, high prices.

