My wife and I were craving Chinese takeout, since we can't get any at home.
We checked out a lot of places near the Strip and found most of them either way too authentic or way too upscale/stylized/Asian (think PF Chang's).
A Yelper suggested we try New York Chinese.
It's basically a takeout place, although it has a couple of tables if you wanted to eat there.
We had egg roll, shrimp egg foo young (nice fresh shrimp and the gravy was the kind we like, made with flour, not the clear shiny gravy), chicken chow mein (they called it Hong Kong style with the crispy noodles).
It is way out there on Ft. Apache off of Spring Mountain, but you do what you have to do to fill that Chinese take-out craving.
We are definitely putting it on our Las Vegas list.

As the rating suggests: It's ok. Not terrible, not great.
It's ok if you are looking for something quick and easy (and a little greasy lol sorry I had to) then this place isn't too bad.
I have had better, much better at other hole in the wall chinese places but can't seem to find them here in Las Vegas.
I must say the food at this particular establishment has gotten better since when it first opened.
Prices are good and service is quick.
Girl at the counter is hit or miss.. sometimes friendly, sometimes she seems just angry.
If I could give 2.5 stars I would but I will bump them up to 3 because I'm in a good mood today.

Very good food and fast service.
I have never been disappointed.
I love their chicken and broccoli, and their hot and sour soup.
Personally, I am not crazy about their crab rangoon or egg roll...it has a sweetness about it, but that's just a personal opinion.

One of my favorite Chinese restaurants in town.
Way better than Little Dumplings, and the staff is much friendlier.
I love their combination dinners.
so much food I always have left overs.

Chinese food is my comfort food.
Some people go for pizza and icecream, but I, I want some fried rice and wonton soup.
I was visiting some friends in Vegas and wanted Chinese food realllly bad.
We decided to order from New York Chinese Restaurant Inc and got:  Chicken Fried Rice Chicken and Broccoli Chicken and Mushroom Shrimp Wonton Soup  I didn't realize all the dishes had chicken.
Anywho, I was super excited because I love Chinese food.
At the same time, I'm also really picky as I've grown up eating amazing food cooked by my madre and was surrounded by what I call Little Taipei (Rowland Heights).
The soup was pretty tasty and had many wontons in it.
My friend commented that it tasted like carrots however there were no carrots in the soup.
Either way, I think that was probably the best dish of the bunch.
The chicken fried rice was a little bland and didn't have any egg even though we requested specifically to have egg in it.
Chicken and mushroom had a great sauce to it, I have to say it was tasty.
As for the chicken and broccoli, I was a little less impressed with that.
All in all, New York Chinese Restaurant Inc. can be a quick fix when you're short on time and money in the city of sin.

Pros: Not far from where I live.
Relatively cheap.
Love getting their large house combination rice for $7.30.
Duck sauce!
Quack.
Cons: Ridiculously inauthentic.
Egg rolls contain no meat whatsoever.
Definitely not a fan of the service.
The workers can be very rude and impatient and sometimes make fun of customers within earshot.
(Although i've also talked about customers that get on my nerves, at least I whisper)  The only reason why I go here is because it's a stones throw away from where I live.
If that wasn't the case....I probably wouldn't bother.

This place is around the corner from our house, so we decided to try some takeout tonight.
It's not the best Chinese I've had, but it satisfied the craving I had for chicken and broccoli and meant we didn't have to cook.
For 2 people it was less than $20 and we have leftovers for lunch tomorrow, so that's super cheap in my opinion.
Will definitely order from here again...and probably get it delivered so I can be uber-lazy!

My friend Ray and I tried this place about a month ago since we are both from New York it caught our eye.
What is New York Style Chinese Food?
Well I think the restaurant is aptly named, but not for the food, for the New York Attitude in the staff.
Most people who are not from the east coast don't get it, I have seen a few reviews about the staff on yelp.
I personally like the east coast attitude.
The night we dined there one of the lady's was giving me crap (in a fun way) because I didn't eat the mushrooms in the hot-n-sour soup, I picked them out and put them on the side of the plate.
Yes, I am a mushroom hater.
Anyway I just laughed it off and told her if she didn't put mushrooms in her damn soup, I wouldn't have to do it.
It was an oddly comforting exchange.
I digress, the big plus for this place is that its dirt cheap and decent  Chinese food.
Now go get some.

For the price, you can't beat this place.
Great food in a no-frills atmosphere.

Normally I don't care for anything called "Other state + food type" I want Chinese Chinese food!
We got the smaller of the family meal and between Steph and I we only ate about half of it.
For 26$ delivered (not including tip) it was quite a deal since It felt like it coulda fed three to four depending.
We will see if we will be back for more in two hours.
:P  We got the egg drop soup with the meal and for entrees I got the Moo Goo Gai Pan and Steph got the Egg Foo Young.
The egg drop soup we both thought was a bit bland.
It had a lot of egg but it was all thin wisps and really missed the seriously eggy flavor.
The MGGP was good with a few flaws IMO.
I am used to fairly authentic MGGP so when the sauce isn't extra thick and it's not made with MSG it's not the same.
I've had worse but this is fairly bland to my tastes.
Steph was tingly giddy because she said it's the first Egg Foo Young she has had in Vegas that meets up to her strict east coast Egg Foo Young standards (Disclaimer: she is from New York).
She said it was all about the sauce, which she could identify by color and smell.
The egg rolls and sweet sauce for them was the exact same as from the place I used to eat from in north town that made my baseline for amazing.
The pork fried rice was also well done, the peas and carrots didn't seem to be rehydrated or freeze dried but full and juicy and it was all and all great without any soy.
All and all it was a mix, some things where great, some not up to my expectation.
I miss my MSG kick but they advertise their lack of MSG, next time I order the MGGP I will ask if they can make it with MSG proper.
However for a full review you HAVE to try the pork.. Ok lets be honest, I am going to have to try EVERYTHING, they are walking distance from my apartment, cheap, and are good for the tummy.

I'm super suprised that this place has such mediocre reviews.
Their food is fantastic.
My husband is from NY and I'm from LA, and for many years we were constantly disappointed by the Chinese food in Vegas.
Our favorites: pork egg rolls (big, fat and stuffed with meat as they should be) & BBQ spareribs and BBQ pork fried rice.
I want to say I didn't care for their beef and broccoli.
We love this place.

1st time my wife and I got food here it was ok..we ordered egg roll which was horrible, definitely not New York style..We also ordered beef and brocolli which was just ok.
The second time we went there my wife ordered chicken mein fun when we got home she immedietly got sick.
This New Yorker won't be going back..I'm not going to spend another night cleaning up my wife's vomit.

Awful.
Ordered to go as I have for several months.
To night there was a mistake.
Ordered and paid for a large item and received a small container.
I just called and was told by the "manager" Maggie that she felt it was plenty even as I explained I was in as early as last week and ordered the same exact meal and it was in a different sized container  She fought me on the subject.
Can't believe the experience.
After so many good ones I will NEVER Return.
Great service Maggie.
I said I would hate to go elsewhere and she responded you are welcome to go elsewhere.
WOW

Never order from again, I had been a good customer for over 2 years.
Recently I placed an order I had to give turn by turn directions on how to get to my house cause their driver was an ass.
Even though I have ordered from them before for some reason they couldn't figure out how to get to my house.... after an hour and a half the driver calls me and tells me he is lost... WTF?
REALLY?
And by now my food is about as warm as an Eskimos ass, after fifteen min of going back and fourth with the driver I finally gave up and canceled my order and I was told they won't take my order again cause I canceled.... so I should eat cold food cause their driver doesn't listen to directions or knows how to use google maps.... after I called the main number and told them I see they just don't care, how nice!
Would give less then one star if I could

If you want cheap take out Chinese food this is the place to go!
They have the best Wonton soup here.
The Wontons are pretty big.
If you get the soup with a special it will typically come with two.
I like that they have lunch and dinner specials.
The selections are okay but not impressive.
The special comes with not only the soup but with fried rice and an egg roll.
If you eat in they add little wonton crisps that you can snack on.The portions are a pretty big for the price!
I had the Sesame Chicken special it tasted similar to sweet and sour chicken except they sprinkle sesame seeds on the top.

Cheap, good chinese food.
They were very busy, which is a great sign.
Its very reasonable considering it is chinese food.
Usually take out places are 11 bucks everywhere Ive looked.
This one is about 7 to 8 bucks an entree with rice included.
Not bad.
Its a god size too, probably enough for two people with average appetites.
Ordered the orange chicken.
it said it was spicy but I didnt find it so.
The sweet and sour pork was mouth watering.
Loved that they put the sauce on the side.
Ive had many put the sauce on top and they its soggy and gross by the time I get home.
No bueno.
We tried there special shrimp, pork chicken fried rice which was good but i didnt like the shrimp.
It made it fishy and out of place.
Good price, 7 bucks for a large which i swear could feed 4 or more.
Took a long time for them to make it but i found it was nice because I saw them make everything fresh.
I will come back again to try something else next time.
It impressed me that they deliver for only 1 dollar with a min of 13 bucks.
Cheap!

I chose New York Chinese Restaurant because it was the closest Chinese Restaurant my gps pulled up at the time and man did I luck out because I absolutely love  this place!
Its great food/service/portion size  all for a more than reasonable price!
I constantly have my order delivered & have not once been unsatisfied with the service.

Absolutely amazing food!
It had been a long time since I had east coast Chinese food, and this place doesn't disappoint!
Lunch specials are great as well with perfect portion sizes.
Staff always seemed friendly too.
Granted I never walked in with that east coast attitude, but hey.
Can't go wrong here.

Ordered NY chinese last week, and now again this week.
this time with some friends who are always ordering chinese takeout.
I figured i wanted to see their opinions.
We called ahead and asked for the broccoli and beef (large).
Beef and broccoli was good, nice amount of beef.
they didnt skimp.
It had a little too much sauce for my liking but everyone else loved it.
I'm not a saucy person.
The lemon chicken had such a light and fresh batter on it.
It came on a huge bed of lettuce with fresh lemons.
The lemon sauce was on the side and it was a ton!
The chicken was very tender, not over cooked at all.
I didnt like the lemon sauce, it was very sweet and thick so i skipped it.
Orange chicken was same as last time.
I'm still a sucker for the orange chicken at Panda Express but this is a nice second place.
I liked that this time it had pieces of broccoli.
Got to get those veggies in!
Just shows that they arent consistant though.
OOOH and we also ordered a side of the crab ragoons and they were so crispy and perfect.
I was impressed with the amount of crab/creamy cheesy stuff on the inside.
They told me it would be ready in less than 20 mins and when we went in 15 mins later it was ready to go!
(and they were super busy too, so glad i called ahead!
) Quick and fresh, cant complain!
It was really cheap, less than 30 bucks for four people and we had left overs for the next day!
The entrees were 8 bucks each and all came with steamed rice.
Winner!

Good Chinese food is ALWAYS a matter of opinion.
But overall, I liked this place.
We ordered the family meal and substituted 2 different entrees and paid the difference for them.
The people that work there are very nice.
This is more of a fast food/casual chinese place.
It's very small, only 6 tables.
The portions are very large, the soup is great and very flavorful.
The fried rice is just ok though (I've had better)  They definitely don't cheat ya on shrimp or portion size or anything at all like that.
The food is very hot too, and they have good egg rolls.
I tried their brewed green tea (it says unsweetened, but it was definitely sweet) however it was really good.
I would definitely recommend this place for normal prices, good portion size and just simply very good chinese food.
Don't forget, the people here are VERY nice.

Being in Las Vegas I've learned that the standards have to be lowered because food out here is just not able to be compared to food back east.
Finding good chinese food out here is just as hard as finding good pizza out here.
The closest thing I've found to east coast Chinese food is this spot.
Got BBQ spare ribs, and general tso's with the hot n sour soup.
Soup was pretty good.
Ribs had good flavor, but needed way more sauce.
General Tso's was just ok.
Nothing special.
Four stars for friendly staff, quick service and simply because I am comparing them to the other Chinese food I've had in the area.
If I want Chinese food, I'll probably be back.

It's what you'd expect,  decent food at a decent price.
I got a smile from the lady working the front, so I can't say I had bad service,  in fact it was pretty good.
I ordered the Singaporean chow main, sweet and sour pork and an order of egg rolls.
Portions are fairly large and I have enough for day old Chinese food tomorrow.
One thing I do like is that they put the sweet and sour sauce in a cup, separate from the pork so it stays nice and crispy.
When I'm back in Vegas, craving some fast chinese and up Spring Mnt.
and Fort Apache I'll defiantly go back.

I'd consider this average among chinese take-out places in Las Vegas.
I've had better, and worse.
I'm a big fan of General Tso's chicken and if I'm craving this dish there are a couple of other nearby places I'd rather go (namely Little Dumpling).
Service here is fast and friendly.

Have ordered from here many times...tonight they called to confirm we ordered something different on purpose and not by mistake...AWESOME CUSTOMER SERVICE!!

Second time here, first time I had Chicken w. broccoli ... Bad!
I said to give them another chance, so today I've ordered Kung Pao Chicken ... Bad!
Both times the chicken was boiled ... no taste...
I will never go there again

New York Chinese Restaurant puts me in a New York State of Mind.
It serves New York style Chinese food that is out of this world.
My past visit to their Lake Mead Boulevard location left me with an exceptional first impression of New York Chinese Restaurant.
When I write exceptional first impression, I am saying that it is my contemporary favorite Chinese restaurant in the Vegas valley.
With that in mind, when I hiked in Red Rock Canyon this past Saturday, I planned it so that I would try their Fort Apache location on my drive back to Henderson.
New York Chinese Restaurant blends into the Fort Apache landscape.
Passing the southwest corner of Fort Apache at Spring Mountain, it is easy to pass New York Chinese Restaurant, which sits in a shopping center anchored by a Dollar Tree.
Featuring only eight tables and a take-out environment, the restaurant itself is ordinary.
Due to the fact that New York Chinese Restaurant appears to have a strong take-out business, I landed a table with ease.
I ordered Chinese food that delivered me back to my fond memories of eating Chinese food in New York.
Their chicken chow mien combination which included won ton soup, crunchy noodles, fried rice, and an egg roll was déjà vu to my taste buds.
The fact that New York Chinese Restaurant includes won ton soup instead of the conventional egg drop soup made an impression on me.
The New York style chow mien that they feature is a different entrée than the chow Mein served in Las Vegas Chinese restaurants.
This chow mien is vegetable instead of noodle based.
Because I dislike celery, I specifically directed them to eliminate the celery.
They listened and the chow mien was first-rate.
Their cold beverages are Coke beverages.
It works like this.
If you order a cold beverage, they give you a disposable cup.
Near the counter is the Coke machine.
You serve yourself as often as you want.
When you dine in, they will deliver your food to the table and clean up after you.
I feel that this service deserves a dollar tip.
Most of all I feel that Yelpers deserve a bigger tip: As of the time I write this review, New York Chinese Restaurant is a first-rate restaurant specializing in New York style Chinese food that will put you in a New York State of Mind.

I have been able to swing by and pick up food at the last minute!
They are very nice and clean!
Their combos r awesome and yummy!
I think they deliver too.
Lovely place with nice parking accommodation.
Thank you guys!

My family and I ate there last week and never again.
The service was okay, we placed an order for pick up and they had it ready pretty fast.
The food was awful though.
We ordered chicken lo-mien, egg rolls, pot stickers, crab rangoon, orange chicken and sweet and sour pork (which they had forgotten the sweet and sour sauce).
The chicken lo-mien was meh, I've had better egg rolls from a family friend, any thing that was fried was done so in very old oil and either over cooked or under cooked.
It was so bad that I was sick for the next 2 days.
I normally wouldn't say it but Panda Express would be a better option.

Love it!
A great place for take-out.
I always order the mixed vegetable with shrimp -  it's my favorite dish.
You get 12 LARGE pieces of shrimp!
For 9.95 and it's DEE-LISH!
I've also had the egg foo young and the BBQ pork and that's very good too!
I'm a picky fried rice person, not too many places can impress me - it has to be just right - the shrimp fried rice is not the best but its still has great flavor.
(i just like more veggies, pieces of shrimp and egg in mine)  I'm still giving them 5 stars anyway.
I love homemade authentic style food - you can see they work hard and prepare hard to get their food just right.
I like that you can order small and large, not all places do that and it gives you the opportunity to try a couple different things without spending too much.
I walked in last night right when they were closing but they still took my order and had it out quick.
Their super busy most of the time so call ahead if you can.
You  really can't beat the prices for the taste and the amount of food you get.

Best Chinese in Vegas!..
Boneless Spare ribs and Wonton Soup.. Love it

IMO this is the best chinese that I am use to.
Love their lunch specials.
I work down the road and for lunch at $5.25 you get a soup, crab rangoon, entree, and rice the portions are big so I usually have left over for the next day.

Great service and great food at a great price if you are looking for a east coast Chinese restaurant here it is

Very good food.
Reasonable price.
Closest thing to Chinese Food from back east including Egg Rolls and proper Wanton Soup

Definitely way better than I thought it would be!
A guy with whom I work with recommended this for lunch last week and I must say I was surprised, especially with the insanely low lunch price.
Would definitely recommend

I have always been curious about this place.
I have been next door to Expert Tailor a few times, but never stepped in here until last week.
The first thing I noticed when I walked in was that there was no menu on the wall.
You walk up to the front counter and take one of their menus that are printed on nice paper.
Just thought that was weird, I mean the least they could do was laminate a few of the menus so it would be easier for customers to look at.
I decided to order the Sweet Sour Chicken Lunch Special, which came with  -Egg Drop Soup: thick and pretty bland.
I have definitely tasted better.
Next time I will try the Wonton or Hot and Sour soup.
-Crab Rangoon: it tasted like 98% cream cheese.
It was like eating a big spoonful of it with no crab whatsoever.
-Sweet and Sour Chicken: pretty good because it was lightly battered, which was nice, and the sauce was tasty.
They did not charge extra for brown rice, portions were big and the price was very reasonable for all that food.
I took my order to go and did not have to wait very long.
The cashier who took my order wasn't very nice.
He kind of just stared at me, not saying anything and waiting for me to give him my order.
However, the employee who brought me my order when it was ready was friendly.
He actually thanked me and said "have a good day.
"  I would definitely like to come back and try other items on their menu.
Hopefully it will be better the next time around.
Located between Little Caesars and Expert Tailor.

Awesomely good and reasonably priced.
Friends from NYC also love this place.
I've never been to the Big Apple, but they say it lives up to its name.

We went here and order: general tso chicken nice balance of sweet and spicy, Hunan beef spicy and full of flavor, beef lo mein plenty of beef and noodles, egg rolls were crispy and not dried out cabbage like most places, fried shrimp perfectly cooked not dried out, mushu pork most authentic ones I've had since leave California over 20 years ago!
So far this has been our big favorite of all the Chinese food places we've been to!
Yes its americanized but no disrespect to other who like real Chinese food out of China but I've been to those places and wasn't impressed or like it much so I'll keep my americanized versions!!

I'm from New York I have been out here 7 years and I have been looking for good Chinese food and it has been very hit and miss.
I just moved across the street from this place and figured I'd give it a try.
I kept it very simple, I ordered the barbecue spare ribs which a very big in New York.
And I ordered a small chicken broccoli to go.
The ribs with just shy of being good , they were just okay.
I think they were little over cooked but the flavor was very good.
The chicken broccoli was just a little better than okay.
Did remind me of being back home in New York.
The people were nice for the short time I spent in the restaurant.
But what I really like is that I was able to get pint size order of chicken broccoli.
I usually just order for myself and getting the quart I tend to eat too much, and if the food is really good who wouldn't.
Next time I order I will post another review.
Stay tuned.

The food here is very greasy and if they make an mistake, they treat you like you're lying to them.
This has happened more than once.
Whatever happened to I'm sorry about that, let me fix it.
They think they don't make mistakes and I'm tired of arguing over this with them and I'm not going back EVER.

I wonder if they charge extra if I ask for more flavor?
The Beef and Broccoli tasted like nothing; absolutely nothing!
The chicken quality is great, but all the food in general lacks in the flavor department.

This place was sooo good, I came 2 days in a row.
Brought my parents the second time.

This food in good Chinese-American food, not to be confused with authentic Chinese cuisine.
-My General Tso Chicken is always consistently good.

Please take the "New York" out of your name!
I was born and raised in NYC and this is definitely NOT like anything I've had on the east coast.
For starters, my order took an hour and 50 minutes to come.
We only ordered a few items and we live a mere 3 miles away.
It's unacceptable.
They said the order would arrive in approximately 45 minutes.
I had to call two more times, both calls I was told "he was on the way".
I was waiting outside and saw the delivery man wondering around the block, clearly he was lost.
So, I walked toward the curb and hailed him over.
He said he didn't have a cell phone and he couldn't find my address.
Ugh.
Everyone was starving by the time the food arrived.. We all agreed that we would've been better off eating 25 cent ramen like broke college kids!
The dumplings were filled with a bland, gummy grayish meat.
The hot & sour soup was OK, not great or even good.
We also ordered orange chicken, combination lo mein and Mongolian beef.
Everything was overcooked, and either overly salty or too bland.
My son and I just took benedryl because we are both allergic to MSG (actually everyone should avoid it since it's a excoto/nuerotoxin)     Never again, hope they go out of business.
They should be ashamed to claim any New York ties.

Soooo yummy.
I love their egg rolls and they have real actual duck sauce like in New York :)

First time came to this restaurant.
Restaurant was small but it's just a chinese take out.
The food was ok.
I would recommend taking these food to go because the dinning room was small.
If you live around here, I would recommend this restaurant.

I wish I could give this place no stars if that we're an option.
I called in to make an order and asked of I could do 2 separate transactions.
She said "why you make this so difficult?".
I decided not to eat from there.
Can't give a review on their food.
It can't be good quality with such bad service.

We've ordered food from New York Chinese three times now (we live close, so it's convenient).
It's not the best Chinese food I've ever had, but it's not the worst either, and it will fulfill a Chinese food craving.
We've never had a long wait for the food, it's always been about thirty minutes or less, even with delivery.

I don't get what people see in this place.
Yes I'm from New York too (like that means one knows food better than a non New Yorker).
The only thing this place reminds me of from home is the lousy places I wouldn't go too.
Yes they have thick skin egg rolls and some other non authentic Chinese food.
However, that's not stuff I want to eat.
I probably spent $80 on just my wife and I so I could try a bunch of things.
There pricing is reasonable, so that was enough food to feed 8-10 people.
I had heard such good things I couldn't wait, and we like food.
I don't mind having too much stuff to try out a new place.
We barely ate any of it.
Maybe a bite or two of each dish, but we were not happy with anything.
Ended up making a salad at home at throwing it out.
Not sarcastic comment.
My dog was perfectly happy to eat what we gave him.
So, that common yelp comment of my dog wouldn't even eat it is not needed (nor is that ever true).
It just wasn't good.

The orange beef was indeed the worst dish I had ever gotten in all my years.
I felt like Clara from the old Wendy's commercials, "Where's the beef?
"  The dogs did enjoy it.
The egg rolls were less than average as was the kung po chicken, I swear the chicken was spongy.
We used to go to the location on Lake Mead occasionally but not for years so don't know if that one went downhill also.
The one positive note is we did not get sick.
Of course, we didn't eat much of it either.

Good food must try chicken and broccoli... Also dumplings are on point and fast delivery

Thought to try something different and stopes by but it was not good at all won't stop again for sure.
I ordered curry chicken with fried rice and wonton soup and the curry is worst I have tried and doesn't have any test the fried rice sucks.
Would recommend to go somewhere els than trying here.

This place claims "no msg," which is great.
However, they most likely use a lot of soy sauce to compensate, which must be why many of their dishes have a browner sauce or tint.
Fried rice is super brown!
I'm used to a reddish Szechwan, theirs was brown.
Moo shi chicken; way too brown, lacked fried egg, skimpy itsy bitsy chicken pieces, & too many mushrooms.
BUT, hot n sour soup & egg drop are good for a hole in the wall take out joint.
Shrimp dishes aren't skimpy, big shrimp!
Nothing was too salty.
I stopped in 5 min before closing just for an egg drop soup & had to wait 10 min; NOT complaining, I watched him make it FRESH!
Good to know they're not reusing old soup!
On another visit, they gave me a free 2 liter for my order over $30 (I think.
) That's a helluva perk!
If u live close, go for it.
Rice n Noodle on Rainbow was my fav but I moved so this will have to do & I'm ok with that.

