Very informative, great prices, very thoughtful and friendly.
Before you get ripped-off for a new violin visit this place.
I am saving my money for when is time to upgrade my 10 year-old violin's, will definitively buy one there.

I am SO happy that Desert Strings exists!
The owner, Elizabeth, rehaired five of my bows before my last tour and I am thrilled to report that my hair breakage is back to normal levels.
From 2003-08 I had Daniel Medina at Williams-Gengakki Violin Shop in Atlanta rehair my bows and I was very happy with his work and with the quality of hair he put on my bows.
FYI, I play rock and roll full-time on a classic wooden violin.
Since relocating to Las Vegas in late 2008 I've had a hectic tour schedule (20, 30 and 40-day US and European tours) which led me to Google for a Vegas violin shop to rehair my bows fast.
Throughout 2009 I took my bows to The Violin Outlet for their 'professional rehair' service, and I ended up with 'salt & pepper' Argentinian hair every time.
Each bow they rehaired for me only lasted 3-4 shows.
On my last 28-show tour I actually had to buy another bow in Germany because the 4 'fresh' bows I took out with me weren't going to make it past show #20!
Turns out what I was used to getting in Atlanta was Mongolian Stallion Hair, which is more expensive and more durable than the Argentinian 'salt & pepper' variety.
Mongolian Stallion Hair is what Desert Strings puts on my bow, and on top of that - Elizabeth studied bow work from the same Master who taught Daniel Medina (my Atlanta guy)!
It's a done deal, Desert Strings is where I will take my bows from now on.
If you are serious about violin, fiddling, or anything bowed, take your bows here.
They will take care of you.
Bow hair is no joke!

Yambing (the owner?
) is one of the nicest and most accommodating people I've ever dealt with professionally as an upright bass player.
He actually shaved down the arches on the bridge on one of his basses I rented so I could fit my Fishman pickup onto it!!
Amazing.
Very affordable instruments.

I once played violin in elementary school.
We moved around a lot and then I didn't have a orchestra in my new school and I didn't continue.
I wasn't much advanced in it, it was just a few months in, but as an adult I regret not insisting my mom keep me in music.
I have been drawn to wanting a cello for years now and I was able to make the plunge into it without a huge upfront financial commitment!
Desert Strings has a great rental program!
They rent all the strings they carry (prices are on their site for each kind).
I will be using a $1500 cello (with bow, bag, skid stand, rosin) for $35 a month for rent, $6 insurance and I had a $125 refundable deposit fee.
They charge you in increments of 3 months at a time.
You can also save by paying for a whole year at once.
One great thing is that your rental fee is equity towards a instrument!
The rental accrues as long as you rent so it isn't a rent to own.
It doesn't stop when it hits your instruments value and you own it.
You can decide on your current or get a different instrument in the shop.
It's not tradable to different types though- if youre renting a cello, the equity is towards a cello and not other strings.
The insurance covers all types of wear and tear on the instrument but also accidental damages too.
The service is great.
Yambing was patient with all my questions about cellos an curiosities about other strings.
He wasn't mean that I was rather shy of even trying out the cello after getting one really weak sound from a unstable bow stroke.
I get really shy ever since I was told once I should quit while I'm ahead.
He also gave me a card of a cello instructor he knows has openings and told me to feel free to give a call if I have questions or other instructor recommendations should that one not peg out.
He told us to bring our violins in so he can assess if it's worth us restringing one that we got as a gift and a friend obtained one recently and so we need some violin help.
We're music collectors and have already talked about grabbing a viola and a upright bass to complete our strings experience and based on how comfortable our experience is, I would think to go here before anywhere else for all our strings needs.
He was stringing and trying out a instrument shipment when we walked in so there's a standard of quality and hands on love to every instrument in his shop.
Apparently they have a sister store in Ohio and this is their newer shop so it doesn't have everything yet.
If it isn't here, it might be at their other shop and they can bring it over.
They do sell vintage items too, but they're mostly still in Ohio.
Most of their instruments are made by another sister company in China and are all handmade.
It must be why they are able to give out a very competitive rate on their rentals.
They also give you a better quality student instrument than what other more expensive rental place would have given me.
Just a note, we were rather confused if we were in the right place.
You will not see a sign, but just a nondescript office building.
When you pull into the back where the parking is, the store is not within the building, but is the separate bungalow building with a small sign just in the window.
I can see there is a lot of love here.
Very glad I came!
Thanks Bobby Y. for the recommendation!

It's been such a long time since I've been in the classical music "scene.
" But that doesn't mean I don't recognize good work when it comes to repairs on my instrument.
In this case, I just needed a simple bow re-hair on my wood and coda bow.
Although I use the word 'simple,' for a musician, a good bow re-hair is quite uncommon.
I can't tell you how many times I've picked up a bow, prepared to practice and I can feel the hair is too long, too short, or uneven.
And don't even get me started on breakage.
A few weeks before competition, I would be without my performance bow only to pick it up and discover careless work.
I'm getting back into playing my violin, not for competition or school, but for personal enjoyment.
I spent 80% of my life playing this chunk of wood and I'd like to hold onto whatever skill I have left.
After 2 years of neglect, I went to Desert Strings with high recommendations from Bobby Y. and friends from my old studio.
After all my poor experiences, I can truly say that Desert Strings does excellent and careful work.
At $55 per bow, they're more affordable and more convenient than my guy in California!
They're experts in re-hairing bows here in the desert.
A few weeks later, no breaking and no fall-out.
Good work and friendly faces.
You really can't beat that.

I'm the first one to admit I'm no musician.
But I'm going through this midlife crisis where I want to go back to doing creative things like I used to do in my youth, so I chose to explore my musical choices.
The first point that made me really like this place is I showed up on Monday, a day they are normally closed, and happened to bump into Mr. Chen, who was kind enough to field my questions and politely give me some pointers.
Because I somehow decided I would look into the upright bass.
Thinking myself a skinnier version of Charles Mingus.
Note: I hadn't even given consideration to the fact that I couldn't fit the instrument into my small sporty car without chopping it into eight equal pieces, and not all at once either.
I guess I could tape it onto my roof with Gorilla tape or something.
My first impression is one of how can I get all those wood instruments into a room in my house?
They are full to the boards with very inviting and touchable instruments.
And they are very nice about allowing you to handle, albeit carefully, the pieces they have on the floor.
Imagine one big room of beautiful wooden pieces of art.
So I was given a suggestion on lessons and some possible teachers and walked thru the rental contract.
Mr. Chen was very generous with his time, especially considering he was officially closed.
I feel very comfortable recommending this place for every level you might be at.
And no, I still haven't decided on the upright bass yet.
Not until I figure a way to get it home anyway.

Shop is currently owned and operated by Yanbing Chen, of Cleveland Violins fame.
Bow rehair quality is better than ever, and Yanbing always has a few interesting violins/violas/cellos for sale as well as an array of wooden and synthetic bows.
His rentals seem like a great value, too.
Desert Strings is the premier shop in Vegas for fiddle and bow service.
The proof is in the finished product.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fos9yZpICV0

