I called these guys to help me get my garage door opener working and I was told it would be a $25 service call plus $45 per remote opener.
They arrived promptly and when promised, they also did the work necessary and had the door opening in short order.
However, I am giving them a poor rating because once finished they proceeded to try to upsell the job and have me do some service that I could not afford at the time.
Once I informed them that I would like to have those services performed but not at this time, they advised they could hold a check, I insisted that I could not afford it at this time.
The gentleman in charge became irritable and said that he then charged $22.50 per hour for labor.
He then sulked off to write out my invoice, where he charged me for two hours of labor when he was only at my home for 20 minutes.
The job was not labor intensive and he became very rude when I didn't want him to do any further work.
My $80 job quickly turned into $124 which I paid because I wanted him off my property.
I will never have them back and when it comes time to service my garage door in the future I will find another company.

I called "Anyime Garage Doors" because there is a man in my gated community who works there and I always see his truck.
I'm real big on supporting local business's.
All I needed was to have them program a remote for me, I called and they told me 20 dollars.
The guy who came out tried to tell me that I needed over 300 dollars worth of repairs and parts to get my garage door working which confused me because it already worked.
I just needed a universal remote I had bought at Sears programmed.
I am a military spouse whose husband is gone often and have grown used to scams like this.
I told him no and to put it back the way it was and leave.
Only he didn't.
He put it back on and after he left I put my door down and the chain was so loose I was afraid it was going to break off.
I called the next morning to have them come back and fix what he had done and was unable to close the door.
That day a man stole my 1000 dollar Trek bicycle out of my garage.
My husband came back from his TDY trip and fixed what the man from Anyime Garage had done.
All I wanted was a remote programmed.
Instead I got a headache, and a irreplaceable bike that I had purchased in Italy stolen.
Do not trust this company.

Horrible company!
Charged me $500 to replace the springs on my door.
Which is more than double what it should have been.
Installed the wrong springs which cause to much tension on my opener.
Their stickers are placed all over my door, and i'm told that they PAY people to do this on new and used homes that are for sale so you will call them first.
I wish i had looked them up first!

Anytime was highly recommended to me by a family member.
My garage door had previously broken twice and my home warranty sent out two different companies who obviously didn't get the job done right.
Anytime came out immediately, on a late call (after work for me), were nice and helpful and able to fix what the other company didn't.
They also replaced my garage door motor with theirs and it's so very quiet, which is a big help since my bedroom is right above the garage.
I'd use them again and recommend them to friends and family!
Also, keep in mind that you can ask your home warranty to use their company (which is what I did, after the first two unsuccessful calls).
I wish I would have known that sooner!

SCAMMERS!
Beware of this company.
I was quoted $399 before the work began, then charged $1013 in the end.
I know nothing about garage doors and how much cost to fix but thought that was really high so I called another company and explained what they did and what parts they used.
I was told that I could get a whole new door installed for $799.
I was really upset and called anytime garage, the guy who answered started arguing with me.
I called on a Friday afternoon and he said the manager couldn't call me back til the weekend was over because he's with his "family".
I said fine, have the technician call me.
it is now Tuesday and not a single call.
Screws were left in the garage and now one of our cars has a flat.
I reported them to BBB and their response was that I have buyers remorse and this is similar to wanting subway sandwiches for 25cents.
That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
25 cents and a thousand dollars for a repair is a big difference.
All I expected to pay was the price that was quoted me before the start of labor.
If anything extra needed to be added on, It would need approval first.
I've never had this happen to me and would not want this to happen to others.

For some reason when I bought my house my neighbor's garage opener opened my garage door too.
I just needed help on what needed to be done to reset it.
Anytime Garage Doors' business card was taped to the garage door so I figure I'll give them a try, bad mistake.
They came and spent most of the time telling me how I should just replace the whole door (this house is built it 2007, I'm not going to replace it in 2011 and there's nothing else wrong with it).
After they spent 15 minutes telling me how much my garage door sucked tried to get me to get another one they finally reset the mechanism (took less than a minute), and charged me $80.
Don't use them!
P.S.
I recently needed another repair on another property and called Dreikosen Garage Door Service after looking at Yelp and he's completely the opposite; friendly, professional, reasonably priced.

When I first moved into my house I had no remotes for the garage door and the sensors were out of alignment.
I wasn't too worried about it but my dad called them to come fix everything while I was at work one day.
They completely ripped him off - charged him for all kinds of things that ended up costing more than what it would have cost to have a new one installed.
The previous owner must have used them so he just called the sticker that was on the wall next to the wall mounted remote.
Unfortunately dad needed something done to his door recently and didn't realize he had called the same company since it was several years ago and he forgot their name.
Once again, a completely jacked up price.
After reading the other reviews its obvious these people are scammers and having 2 different experiences at 2 different houses in 2 different years tells me this is how they do business.
Stay far, far away.

On Sunday, March 24, 2013, we contacted Anytime Garage Doors because our garage door would not stay closed.
Technician Chris arrived after the promised time between 3pm and 5pm.
Chris was very cordial.
However, after adjusting the chains, he told us that the motor is bad and stated a sales pitch for a new motor starting price $399 and up.
He stated that the motor may go bad at anytime.
Our garage door was activated at 12am and it buckled and would not roll up.
We called Anytime and they never called us back.
Poor customer service.....they just want to up sell u a new expensive garage door package.
NEVER again.....
They are nothing but SCAMMERS !!
Buyer beware !!

Anytime garage doors was recommended to me by a friend, but I was a little nervous because of all the negative reviews on here.
I was soooo impressed by their service!
I was given a 2 hour time slot at a convenient time on the day after I called.
The technician arrived within the first half hour of my time slot.
He was very friendly and professional.
The work was completed quickly, thoroughly, and neatly.
I felt like he was being very honest with me about costs and what needed to be done.
I was so pleased with the whole experience!

If I could give them zero stars, I would.
Few months back, had springs replaced.
First quoted a ridiculous amount, like $800.
I said no.
Then price went down, $500.
I still said no.
The guy gets on his phone "calls his boss" and somehow magically the price drops to $180!
He rings the doorbell to tell me this Lol this is after I said no already, went back in my house and closed the door.
I knew something was up, but I had the repair done anyways.
Now, I need a panel replaced due to a crack, and it buckles when the garage closes.
A different guy comes out, this time with a buddy.
Says I need a whole new door, due to this little crack.
Quotes me $1600 for a cheap door.
Lol then price goes down to $800 for a cheap door, I still said no.
Then he suggests replacing panel and hinges for $500, I still said no.
He Also said he would "talk to his boss" to see what they could do on price.
This reminded me of how it went down last time.
Said no and I will look for another company that won't scan me.
Stay away from this company!

DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!
Rude and very unprofessional.
The accounting department is so unorganzed that they continue to mail you invoices, hopeing one will slip thru fpr a dup payment.
They do not show up for appointments and when they do they take about 10 days.
I strongly recommend not useing this horriable company.
This was a nice family owned company before new owners bought it, and completely trashed their name.
Also known as Seacoast Garage doors.

I had a very good experience.
A tech came out the same day I called, the day after Christmas and within the 2hr time frame specified.
He gave me options for repair or replacement.
The cost for replacement was very reasonable, even checking buying the door myself at Lowe's etc.
They returned to replace the door on time and did the job efficiently.
Both techs were polite and friendly.
I would recommend and definitely use again.

A tech came out to provide me with a quote for a broken spring.
He tried to up-sell me on replacing rollers and hinges, but I insisted he give me a quote only for replacing the spring.
He told me he was going to replace the 1 spring with 2 smaller ones and it would be $180.
I had springs replaced in the past on another property and I knew that was a fair price and gave him the ok to do the work.
He did it and then gave me a bill for $450.50.
He then claimed that the $180 we discussed was for each spring and did not include labor and tax and the total with 2 springs, labor and tax was $450.50.
1 star is more than they deserve.
Management was no help either...it was obvious they condone the scam.

BUYER BEWARE, these guys are on commission and will charge you as much as they feel they can get out of you.
They took advantage of my mom and charged her $542 for a part that should of only cost $220 everywhere else.
When I called them to discuss the over charge and the wrong spring, they showed their true colors, vulgar, unprofessional manners.
We tried to get it fixed by them, they wanted more money to do it again, we got another garage door company to come out and fix it for $50.00 And they confirmed the wrong part and over charging by these con men.

Avoid avoid avoid.
Not worth the headache and yes upselling is a BIG part of their techs mission.
And when you refuse the upsell they start telling you how your garage door is going to fall on your car and this and that, all scare tactics.
They quote one price over the phone and when they arrive price doubles or triples.
I advise all my family and friends to stay clear of this company.
Just my opinion.

