Good bar food, friendly staff, not near the main streets but it can get busy on week nights.
They always have some type of food & drink special happening.
San Diego Chargers bar during football season, every Timbers sponsors a different team.
Also a gaming bar, with smoking.

Bar is decked with Chargers yet don't play the Chargers games...won't be coming back because of that..2nd reason won't be coming back waited a hour for our breakfast order because the "cook" didn't put in our order.
Bad Service, Fake Charger bar!
No discount given = no tip.

We don't come here often but when we do it's just  OK , nothing special.
Speaking of specials our new waitress said there has never been a lunch special which is honestly false!!!!
My Barbecue Chicken salad was flavor lacking to say the least.
The cook put hardly any sauce on it and it just looked like a sad salad.
I wanted to know if they had croutons or garlic bread to accompany my salad.
The waitress came back with a piece of toasted sandwich bread with butter on it and said it was their version of garlic bread , oh and it cost $2.00.
I felt pressured to accept it as it was brought to me already however, their was no garlic taste at all and not to mention it cost more than a loaf of bread.
The service was not good at all.
Our waitress kept stopping at the bar and socializing while at the same time forgetting about us.
When I would ask her things she would just smurk at me and I didn't know what the heck that meant...
But lo and behold when it was the end of our meal and time to pay our waitress turned into "SUPER WAITRESS" and began working hard for that tip...Sorry Hun, you have to be SUPER WAITRESS throughout our whole freakin meal to earn a good tip and afterall it is your job.
I don't care to ever return....

This is the closest Timbers to my place so I have been here a few times for lunch and a few times for dinner.
It is a nice place for me it has usually been more on the quiet side, but it has some great comfortable seating with spacious tables for plenty of food and drinks.
The staff has always been great for me here, always coming around just enough but not too much to see if we need new drinks or whatnot.
As has been stated, it is a chargers bar and the foods decent for a pub/bar and the prices are not bad.

It's your average neighborhood bar.
But the service is very good.
The employees are very friendly.
I would recommend it as a place to hangout.

To Whom It May Concern,   My husband and I were in your location on N. Durango on the 22nd at 10pm and had the worst service EVER!
Let me explain......
Being that we live up the street we have been regulars at this location for the past 2 years.
The service is only good when Jason is our server at the bar.
Despite several other female bartenders always present Jason takes care of us when we are gambling and eating at your bar.
Unfortunately, when he is not there our service is never the same.
We wait to play the machines while other people are allowed to sit at the bar and not gamble.
We are charged full price for drinks while playing at the bar and when we order a drink the bartenders drag their feet getting it to us even though there are only a few other patrons at the bar.
Tonight we have had enough and we will not be going back until your bartender Alexandra is no longer there.
We entered Timbers off N. Durango tonight and saw that the bar was full and few people were eating at the surrounding tables.
We sat at the table and asked the first waitress that passed us if any seats at the bar were available (i.e., if people were not gambling at machines).
Alexandra passed us and since we are very familiar with her (we have had prior poor service from her) we asked about the seats.
She said that she would check.
My husband Andrew walked the bar and saw that there were 3 machines not being played, he also noticed that Alexandra did not ask anyone if they were playing the machines or had plans to put more money in.
We waited and watched everyone.
Then waited more for our drinks and a pack of matches.
Finally we saw two women stand up and leave their machines and we went to gamble where they had been playing.
My husband Andrew put in $40 and I put in a $20 immediately.
The waitress from our table came around and had a bill for us for a Corona and a Greyhound which Andrew paid.
While sitting and playing I had not realized that the person playing before me had been playing $5 hands, needless to say I went thru my $20 very fast and realized what had happened and laughed in off before putting in another $20.
Our friends that we had been waiting for showed up and stood by us while waiting for seats.
In the meantime Andrew put in another $20 (our grand total being up to $100) mind you this is still while we are on our first round of drinks which we paid for.
Alexandra finally makes it around to our side of the bar and asks Andrew what he would like to drink, he asks for another Corona and a shot of SoCo chilled.
She brings the shot but does not bring the beer, and does not come back to check on us until she realizes my first drink is finally empty.
Alexandra asks what I am drinking and I let her know it is a Greyhound but also tell her that she forgot Andrews Corona.
When she comes back she puts a bill in a cup.
I look at it and it is a bill for a Corona and the shot totaling $9 and change.
Alexandra comes back around and Andrew asks her, "Are you charging me for my drinks???
" She replies, "Yes, I didn't see you put any money in the machine," and immediately walks away while Andrew is trying to speak to her.
She comes back and Im not going to sugar coat this.......Andrew lights her up telling her we have put a total of $100 in the machines, and if she is so slow to realize what her customers are doing to go check the machine that tells what customers are putting in.
He also lit her up by telling her about the rules of sitting at the bar and that the bar seats are supposed to be reserved for playing patrons.
Alexandra was rude and refused to acknowledge anything that was said.
We were so disgusted with her customer service we cashed out and left our full drinks without paying for them.
My husband and I will not be back to that location until Alexandra is no longer there.
Being that Andrew works in the neighborhood, Timbers used to be his regular hangout after work with all his work buddies from all the other dealerships on Centennial Hills Pkwy.
Once he tells all his cronies about the experience tonight I highly doubt they will continue to hangout at Timbers, being that none of them are crazy about the service at Timbers to begin with.
Looks like CopperKeg, BJs, and Schucks will have more business in the near future.
Your Ex-Customers

I was contacted by the GM of the store, Gary.
He asked if I had received his telephone message from earlier that morning (which I had not).
Then he realized that he had called a different customer who had a different complaint.
He was very friendly and polite and asked my about what happened.
He apologized but offered no remedy to the situation.
I left him my phone number and told him to let me know when a change takes place.......then we'll be back.

Nader, the grave bartender on weekends is the best.
He used to work at PT's in Henderson and now, to my absolute pleasure, he's right next to my house!
Yesss!

Bartender George is awesome!
Really like the staff here and have had really decent breakfast here a couple of times.
Always hot and fresh food.
George never lets my beer hit empty before I have another ice cold Fat Tire sitting in front of me.
What more could you ask for?

Great food.
Love the no kids atmosphere.
Sabrina is awesome.

Awesome service.
Thanks for the yelp tip!

Great food, and friendly staff.
It is nice to walk in and be greeted but not hounded.
Plenty of sports action on the Tvs, menu specials are reasonably priced.

Went here last night to watch my Zags win their game against the Broncos.
Large space, many large screen TV's, pool tables and video gaming.
The menus has good variety for a bar.
Waitstaff very pleasant.
Uniforms clean and attractive.
Much better than casual dress.
The only down side was not adequate air filtering for non-smokers itwas a big neg for me.
I moved twice due to inconsiderate smokers.
It really suppressed the good vibe of the establishment.
That's why the rating.

Last night 4/30 Wed.
I received the worst service and so so food.
Any Bar Tender except the ones last night know what an empty glass in the well means.
We spend about $2500 per year there eating and gambling and it was my favorite hangout until last night.
Julia and Kenda are the only reason we started going there.
Oh and by the way if you want to gamble and drink insure that you put in lots of money if you want Tim and the Wednesday crew to refill your glass.

Little hole in the wall.
Customer service on point and the food was delicious.
Great happy hour 2 for 1 special  from 4pm-7pm Monday-Friday definitely will return.

Great food, good service, relaxing atmosphere.
The perfect spot for a beer and a burger.
Highly recommended.

Food was great Service was great Relaxing atmosphere Friendly servers Highly recommended

Katelyn is AMAZING!!
She always knows when to stop back at the table, excellent service!!

