This Petsmart is where we usually go when we need anything for our 2 dogs.
The store is clean, staff is very friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable.
Nothing more to add at this point...

I love bringing my doggy here!
He isn't fond of other dogs, but the staff is always there to help!

Best petsmart on Vegas!
The staff is wonderful.
We bring our dog here almost weekly & everytime the staff greets him exciditly.
They have very helpful, knowledgable, & all around great people!
It's also very clean & well oranized.
Another plus is that its not busy at all compared to the other petsmarts in town.

Hey N Las Vegas Yelpers!
If you live in the area and have a pet, dog, cat... stop by here & check out what they have to offer.
Never been in any other petsmart location so I can't compare, but this location is big, clean and organized!
Recently got a teacup yorkie & this petsmart location is right up the road from me.
Things my puppy has gotten from here: royal canine dog food (this is the only place where I can find this brand, so that's a plus) puppy toys... chewing bones, kong... dog clothes (they carry the martha stewart line here) ID tags (make it your own with a do it yourself machine) great selection of dog treats as well!
They have a doggy hotel and every time I stop in, there's always a bunch of dogs playing behind the window.
So that's a great option if you need doggy day care!
Thanks petsmart for helping me with all my puppy parenthood needs!
-Miss Yelp 2011

Another fun pet store here up in north vegas nice and clean and pet friendly and tons of goodies for all of your pets needs and wants =) and super fun for my wife and i just to go look at the kitties they have for sale =)

Even though the store is a 5 no doubt..the grooming salon not so much!
This is the only place I took my Shih Tzu for about 6mths after 1st getting her.
Every visit got worst!
The shampoo they use is a very cheap brand and does nothing for whitening (as they claim).
After a while I'm fed up with their crazy prices and low quality so I started testing new salons.
I have definitely found ALOT better.
We are sticking with Dirty Daisy grooming salon which is about 3mins away w/ better prices and more caring groomers!

The store is VERY clean and employees are always willing to help you out or shoot the ** with you while you're browsing.
Returns have never been an issue.
We go out of our way to continue going to this store even though its not the closest.

Not too happy right now.
This is a review of the hotel, the store itself is a typical PetSmart.
I've used the hotel before and its been an okay place for my little one to stay overnight while we are on vacation.
This time when we picked him up his fur was matted like he had been wet.
They told me he had vomited on his first day.
Well I understand it is a stressful time and that happens sometimes, but it looks like they didn't clean it off of him.
The toy I brought with him was given back to me wet and it was explained it fell in his water bowl.
However after looking at it, it too was also covered in vomit.
You would think that they would call and ask to send him over to the grooming area for a bath.
I would have gladly paid for the service add on, but they never called.
Instead I now know my little man was left dirty with a vomit covered toy.
I'm know they didn't feed him as planned either.
When I picked him up he still had food left over and none of the snacks I had brought had been given to him.
I've had my dog for six years and have never heard him cry like he did on the car ride home from this place and he's been boarded many times before.
I will never take him here again.

I love the store people are friendly the hotel is nice and so is the doggie day care but when you have your dogs stay it cost.
I had them stay for a few days and put them in doggie day care instead of having them sit in their cage all day .
The bill was outrageous!
they charge for the dogs to be in the play area  when the dogs are already staying there!
big bill  and I was not happy .
Its like going to a hotel and they charge you parking to park your car.
They need to change that policy and let dogs go play at doggie day camp since they already stay and I am paying for it .
But they are taking care of good except for the high cost .
just beware of extras they are not free!

Much better selection than the location by my house.
Also much cleaner and a lot friendlier.

