My daughter needed to have her teeth fixed, Staples Dental referred us to Aloha Ortho.
I have to say they are amazing in here.
The Staff in super sweet.
The Dr. Is so friendly and always seems to be a a GREAT mood!
They have a little game room for the kids to play in while they wait.
Provide toothbrushes if you need to bush.
The Girls who assist are awesome always so nice and helpful.
They also have a reward program so you can earn gift cards.
I so wish my orthodontist would have been like this!
I might have been a better patient.

We truly love the Aloha Team.
My daughter, son and now myself have braces, thanks to Shelli, Sarah and Dr. C. If you want a fun, friendly environment and affordable braces, bring your family and friends here.

Wow!
Went in for a consult on a Saturday afternoon and we were able to get my daughter's braces put on the SAME DAY!
She was over the moon excited :) Dr C is awesome, the staff is great.
They have reward programs/incentives for patients that take good care of their braces.
This place is beautiful and well-maintained.
Overall just great-glad we chose this place!
They even have a little Keurig coffee machine so I can chillax with some tea or coffee while my kiddo gets her grill tweaked.
A nice touch you don't get at other places.

Very Impressed with the staff, doctor, and price!
I shopped around, and found Aloha better than any other place!
They are Amazing and I'm elated to have found them!
Will definitely recommend them to friends and family.

From the time I was a child, I was always very uncomfortable with smiling because of my crooked, fang-like teeth.
One by one, each of my classmates had braces put on.
One by one, their smiles became straighter and more radiant.
With that, came improved confidence in the way they would carry themselves.
I, on the other hand, grew to dislike what I saw in the mirror.
As an adult, I really wanted to feel beautiful or at least stand a little taller.
So, my quest to find an orthodontist began.
This process was not easy.
One by one, the consultations I would receive from "potential" orthodontists always left me feeling inadequate.
One particular orthodontist even went as far as saying that I should've done this A LONG TIME AGO!
Even the payments were outrageous, especially for my family of seven.
My dream of having a beautiful smile seemed to be further and further out of reach until one faithful day...I met Dr. Chelian at Aloha Orthodontics.
The entire staff greeted my husband and I with a warm smile and welcomed us into the consultation room.
I was still a bit apprehensive considering my prior experience at other orthodontists' offices.
Dr. Chelian and Shelley, his office manager put my fears to rest as they walked me through the process of what my treatment would look like for me.
To top it all off, Shelley had created a payment plan that was so comfortable I could really see my dream come to fruition!
I was so overcome with emotion, I simply wept.
We started my treatment plan soon after along with my eldest son.
Since then, my daughter has been under the care of Dr. Chelian and my eldest son and I have had our braces removed!
My son beamed as he saw his teeth!
It was wonderful to see how proud he was.
As for myself, the moment my braces were removed I couldn't believe it!
I was in a state of shock!
I was whisked away to take after photos and it finally set in.
As we began this journey, I cried and as I ended this journey, I cried.
My dream of having straight teeth had finally come true!
Dr. Chelian and his entire staff have truly given my family and I EXCEPTIONAL care.
Dr. Chelian's expertise gave me more than a beautiful, straight smile.
He gave me the confidence that I always knew I had and the inspiration to keep going after my goals and dreams.
Thank you, Aloha Orthodontics!

My daughter had braces put on by Aloha Orthodontics two years ago and I must say as a parent it is the coolest Dentist Office I've EVER visited.
Free coffee and cookies while you Waite.
The staff and Dentist are so friendly.
They have a reward system for the kids which is more like a game.
If they simply wear the cool looking Aloha T-Shirt to every visit and in the case of my Daughter take care of her braces between visits she would get what they call extra bucks.
My Daughter just got her braces off and her teeth look fantastic.
She turned in all her extra bucks and got to choose a couple of different prizes.
She choose the 4 pack of Movie tickets and a $ 40 gift card to Target.
Aloha Dentist is Simply the BEST Dentist Office in Las Vegas maybe even the US.
I would recommend Aloha Orthodontics to everyone.

If you are in need of braces, I can't think of a better Orthodontist than Dr. C and his awesome Aloha staff.
Dr C did such a great job in my sons teeth that I decided to have mine done as well.
I never used to smile in pictures and thanks to Dr C I am smiling in every picture now.
The Aloha staff goes up and beyond to make you feel comfortable and welcomed.
They have fun contests every month along with issuing Aloha bucks with every visit to save up towards fun prizes.
My son loved going there.
How many kids loved going to a dentist appointment?
Get your braces at Aloha and you'll be glad you did.
Say hello to Sarah and Dr C for me.
Tell them Doug sent you!
Trust me, they will know who.
Haha!

ALOHA!
ALOHA!
ALOHA!
I truly am going to miss seeing the staff, I've been with them for a total of 3 1/2 years and it's a bittersweet type of feeling.
I finally got my braces off but the staff here is AMAZING and truly genuine.
You can't help but to feel right at home and their cookies are to die for lol.
What more can you ask for!
Great, friendly, caring staff and Doctor and great cookies.
Sounds like a win win to me.
Thank you guys for all that you've done for me !

Dr C is amazing can't wait to come in and check out my next step for Invisalign :) from the kind people at the front to the slide show on how they go threw every person that works threw here on what they like and enjoy in life.
Lie.
Love love the mom and pop shop feel

