so i had a fairly foul experience here.
i'm trying to get my TV professionally packed and shipped out to boston.
i go to another place to get the box, and go to UPS to ask them how much it would be to pack the tv properly if i already have the box, the young black (sorry for the somewhat stereotypical and borderline racist description but i didn't catch his name) employee working behind the desk proceeded to quote me 8-16 dollars to pack it.
I was pretty ecstatic, being that the place where i bought the box quoted me at like 60 dollars starting to pack it.
so i ask him, definitely 16 dollars at most?
great, i'll go get the TV, can you guys do it today?
"sounds like a plan" he responds, and all the way back home i go to get my TV.
Get the TV, lug it back to UPS, i see the same guy again and he cheerfully welcomes me and invites me to set the TV down on the counter.
he runs into the back, and i hear him say to a colleague, "hey can you come out and help me pack this?
"  then out from the back comes this dinosaur of an old man who probably packed noah's ark back in the day (why in the world UPS employees people who are over 2000 years old who can barely life a sheet of paper is beyond me) walks up to me and says, "60 dollars JUST for packing.
"  and i say, excuse me?
60, as in six zero?
your employee here just told me it would at most be 16 dollars?
The young dude I had been dealing with then proceeds to say, that's not what the chart says over there?
i went off of that...the dinosaur responds, "no there's a SPECIAL one for TVs, this will be $60.
"  young black dude, if you by chance come across this, you did no wrong.
i was happy with your service albeit being inconvenienced and misinformed.
but tell your fossil of a boss to learn some fucking customer service.
if one thing is promised, it better pull thru.
you guys need to eat the cost if that's the case.
lugging around a TV all over town with a set expectation, and then not following thru is not my idea of a good use of time.
all in all, don't go here.
the old ass people working here are rude as shit, and don't back their other employees.
to be quite honest, i've had only mediocre experiences with UPS as a whole to date, i think my money will be going to fedex and box bros from here on out.

Im here daily.
The staff here are so helpful and super friendly.
Great place to have a box and location is so convienent.
Very reliable!

