I was craving empanadas so I stopped by to pick a couple up.
Sure, it's a chain, but Red Ribbon is a good place to get some good Filipino cakes (mango, tres leche, ube, etc.
), pastries, and of course, empanadas.
I ordered one beef ($2.35) and one chicken ($1.94).
Both had a thick and flaky pastry shell, with the beef empanada filled with a mixture of tender beef, carrots and peppers.
The chicken empanada was a little dry and could have been more flavorful.
The next time I stop by I'll have to stick with the beef, clearly the superior of the two.

I stopped in for a quick bite before going to the movies.
I ordered the sotanghon.
I thought it would be quick.
However, the lady behind the counter was talking on the phone while she was preparing my food, so it took quite a while.
Once I got it, I had to scarf it down to make it in time for the movie.
It was pretty good, kind of like a cross between palabak and pancit.
I doubt I'd go back though...good but not memorable.

Chicken Empanadas=Delish!!!
Gotta try them!
I wasn't very fond of the beef :p  I heart their Ube (purple yam) cake!
Delish....moist...the best!

I like Red Ribbon, a lot.
Their food is delicious.
Lasagna (though not your average lasagna), Palabak, and their Fresh Lumpia dishes are awesome.
I won't describe them, because I make them seem less appetizing.
Their empanadas are AWESOME.
Chicken is the best, beef is decent.
UBE CAKE!
AHHHHH!
The ube cake...I love when they have it as their 'cake slice of the day'.
I haven't ventured to try anything else other than the ube cake, mostly because I don't like mango or coffee.
And if ube's on the list my mind is made.
It's purple, moist and delicious, always!
Ube shake is good, too.
I had the halo-halo once...it's interesting, for me.
I'll have to try it again to get a for sure decision on it but it's interesting.

I'm a big Goldilocks fan but it's across town so when I saw that Red Ribbon was adjacent to Jollibee I got excited.
Where else could I get pan de sal, mamon, and mocha cake.
Plus, they make cakes for special occasions and when you are in a jam and need a cake they are ready and waiting.
Great service and I didn't have to speak tagalog which I hate to do unless its my fam because everyone talks too fast!

You know when you know someone that works somewhere so you "know the place" but never go?
That's not what's happening here.
Sorta.
I get to try their stuff ALL THE TIME (I won't reveal my sources), but if I've learned anything from tasting their goods..
I've learned that they need to revive UBE Cake.. AND push for some UBE ICE CREAM.
Keep the purple alive.

Oh, Red Ribbon, how I used to love thee...
I stopped in with the bf the other night for some dessert.
Luckily, they had just what I wanted... slices of ube cake and mocha chocolate crunch.
We had just stuffed our faces for dinner elsewhere, so we ordered some slices to go and headed home.
Once I was able to change out of my slacks and put on some sweat pants, I dug right into the cakes.
Sadly, they didn't live up to what I had experienced before.
The mocha chocolate crunch lacked the mocha and the crunch.
And both cakes were dry and missing a bit of the sweetness.
I've had wonderful cakes from here before, so I'll come again to see if I can get what I've been craving.

This review is not for my experience in the store..
I was given a cake and had no choice in the taste of it.
So I will come later and give this place another shot,  The cak ethat I was given as a present for my birtday at work was horrid.
It was beautiful on the out side.. i almost didnt want to cut into it.
The inside was icky though.
I'm not sure what flavor it was, it tasted sort of like carmel mocha tres leche or something with the same texture.
But a thing you must know is I hate tres leche.
It just tastes too milky.

I've always had good service here and was so thrilled when they opened since it meant I no longer had to drive to Maryland Parkway for some good ube macapuno cake.
The quality is usually consistently good with the rare hiccup.
I love that they have individual cake slices in a variety of flavors when I just want a little bit or I'm craving a selection.

I dropped in here for a little dessert after lunch.
They unfortunately did not have a slices of mango cake available.
You have to buy the whole cake which is over $22 USD!
I did have a slice of their Rocky Road cake for $2.69 and a slice of banana cake for 99 cents.
Rock Road Cake was delicious!
Banana Cake was a bit dry.
They were individually wrapped and on the counter.
I wonder how long it was sitting for...

I love this place!
They have all sorts of cakes and breads that I still need to try.
Chicken empanadas are bomb!
Good service too

bombbbb !
(: aroscaldo is so good, and their ube cake and mango cake are always great for any occassions

The food was mediocre.
I tried the glass noodle dish, but the flavor was bland.
The beef empanadas were slightly salty.
The only thing I liked there was the chicken empanadas.
The bread cover was slightly sweet over tasty shredded chicken making a good balance.
The cakes look good but not moist enough for my taste.

Red Ribbon serves a few Filipino dishes but is mainly known as a bakeshop so don't expect their meals to be that great.
The dinuguan (pork blood stew) lacked meat and was too soupy and the palabok (filipino rice noodle dish) is mushy like it was cooked in a microwave.
It's best to get these dishes at an actual Filipino restaurant.
The bakeshop, however, has some pretty good fare.
Some cakes are better than others but one must try their ube(purple yam) cake.
I suggested it to a friend and she loved the novelty of it.
It has a very light and sweet flavor.
I like taking home the different sponge cakes, also called mamon, and the sweet brioche or ensaymada.
Just make sure to check the expiration dates on the pre-packaged goodies because they have a short shelf life.

Cakes aren't overwhelmingly sweet.
I love the mango cake and the black forest.
All red ribbon shops are very consistent with their cakes.
Whatever I ate in the Philippines tastes the same here in the US.
From Cali to Vegas.
I can testify to that.

