After a pretty frustrating time dealing with online support about replacing a crappy phone we purchased for my mom, we decided to come in to the store to rectify the situation.
Luckily, we were greeted by the friendliest and most upbeat store associate I have ever met.
We had a very positive experience.
She was incredibly friendly and was able to help and suggest better options for us, which we appreciated.
She made conversation and even suggested better options to save us money and gave us some credits on our next bill for all our trouble.
There was quite a bit of a wait at this store, but they try to help in an orderly and efficient fashion.

This is the AT&T service center!
This is where the "other" stores send you when you have issues with your phone or need something replaced under warranty.
My Samsung Note started acting up a few days ago....charging was intermittent, and because I had no insurance on it, I was worried!
Thankfully, they said my phone was still under the 1 year manufacturer's warranty,  but I was still worried that I would have to send it out, wait a week or two for a replacement, and then finally be back into a fixed phone!
NOPE!
They replaced my phone with a brand new phone, with no issues or hesitation.
Walked right in with a problem, walked out with a new phone exchanged on the spot!
Stoked.
Also, the customer service was fast and friendly, and the staff was very helpful and answered all my questions with a smile.
Not sure if I should attribute the easy exchange to Samsung's no hassle warranty, or AT&Ts customer service...or both...so let's just say I had a 5 star experience!

As soon as I walked in the door I was greeted by Chris who asked me about my phone and set me up to get it looked at.
Hailey assisted me with my phone and was very friendly and professional.
Will be back.

The worst customer service ever!
Male workers flirting with female customers and ignoring the next people in line!
Very unprofessional male techs who are lazy.
Not a good representation of AT&T service!
Quite embarrassed to be an AT&T customer!

There needs to be less than one star for a company like this.
Here is the saga:  Phone drowned in a cup of coffee and we needed a replacement, no worries because it's a Thursday, we're in Vegas and it can be done quickly with all the stores around right?
Um, no.
So the number was on an account under the "primary account holder" who won't release the password, but was willing to release the phone.
Friday morning he walks into an AT&T store in Pennsylvania and releases the phone.
That evening we go into a store in Vegas and try to gain access, but their records show the account wasn't accessed (we were on the phone with him when he was in the store, he told the AT&T minion what he needed).
So we sit on the phone again that evening in the corporate store (3rd store we visited that day since we got referred to two incorrect locations to start) and again he goes through the process of releasing the phone - done!
Now she should be able to buy her own plan or control her number how she wants, right?
Nope.
Saturday afternoon we are back in the store trying to figure out how to add her to an existing FamilyTalk plan, we are told it will be $18 and we can either make the "primary account holder" in CA walk into a store over there and do it, or we can do it online.
That sounds way better, we'll take time to research replacement phones then do it online since it's so simple.
Come Sunday morning we get online and start the process, only it isn't simple.
The online chat people are all unavailable.
Can't even cue for them, just simply grayed out icons.
Then I call... 40 mins and 5 transfers later I'm talking to customer service representative who tells me we still can't transfer her phone to the FamilyTalk plan and keep her number because we don't have the password (remember how releasing the phone was supposed to give her the power to manage her number?
turns out that isn't quite true).
Oh, and the people over the phone can't help me (at a price of $18) because the FamilyTalk plan has a discount through work and the very separate and highly specialized business department at AT&T doesn't work or can't be bothered with client issues on Sundays.
That's exactly what you'd expect to hear from a multi-national corporation right?
And you want to file an official complaint, you expect an online, email, or call-in option for a TECH company?
Nope, I'm told to mail a letter to:  AT&T Mobility Customer Care PO BOX 755 Atwater, CA 95301  Sure, that makes sense.
That's exactly what every tech-savy multi-national, multi-billion dollar corporation corporation should be doing to demonstrate their commitment to customer care and innovative technology - rely on snail mail.
This needs a very, very hard re-think by AT&T.
It's really no wonder that they rank at the bottom of customer care in every region of the country.
The cell service is fine, but taking 3 days to jump through all of their hoops, get conflicting information about what needs to be done, and ultimately end up with nothing is disrespectful to their client base.

The bullshit continues.
I'm now at 5 in-store visits, 2 pointless phone conversations, 1 long and confused online "help" chat, and approximately 13 different employees later, still no answer.
I got the damn password.
Now they tell me the phone wasn't released.
Sergio at this location released it, but apparently their systems don't talk?
Or he didn't do his job?
Or what?
Another day, another half dozen hours wasted on AT&T, and still no phone.

I have nothing against this store or AT&T.
I had a chance to go with Samsung and Google's Android operating system or go with Apple.
Apple was more expensive.
I went the cheap route.
I am really sorry I did.
For lack of better words the Samsung phone and the Android operating system are just a piece of shit.
If I don't go to Apple I think this phone will give me a heart attack and I am not kidding.
A phone should work for you not against you.
This phone screws me every day non-stop.
Why can't I give this phone zero stars?

