Dr petrick is an awesome dr.
He helped my pain go from a 10 to a 0 in just 4 visits.
I only come back if i have a crick in the neck.
Hes certified in Active Release Therapy, which, he thoroughly explained, releases punched nerves by releading the muscle tissue around them.
He specializes in sports injuries, but im a professional artist and he helped my cumulative shoulder injury due to drawing.
Hes friendly and helpful, and so is the rest of his staff.
I never believed that chiropractors were anything but quacks before i met this guy, but someone recommended him and i was in so much agony i thought id try anything.
Suprise, suprise, it worked!
The doc explained that most chiropractors dont pay the extra $10 grand to get certified in this therapy, but it works WAY better than traditionsl chiropractic care.
Also it works especially well for cumulative injuries (doing the same motions over and over), so if youve got pain, give him a call !
Seriously.
What do you have to lose?

My wife, son and I have been seeing Dr. Petrick for almost ten years.
No one has been able to fix my lower back issues like him.
My wife had a chronic shoulder issue that no one could fix until doc Petrick.
My son is a professional cyclist and sees him regularly for muscle tension, skeletal alignment and body maintenance.
Dr. Petrick got him ready for the Olympics after a nasty crash a few weeks before heading to London when we weren't sure if he'd recover in time.
The staff is friendly, competent, helpful  and appropriately playful.
I enjoy going there and have sent many friends and colleague to see them.
We are long standing fans and highly recommend this practice.

I have been a patient of Dr. Petrick's for over 3 years now.
Initially I went to him after I destroyed my lower back from squats.
The pain was so terrible that I could barely walk and when I managed to walk I was hunched over at a 90 degree angle.
Dr. Petrick told me that he would fix my back in 10 visits using Active Release Therapy (ART), chiropractic adjustments, the traction machine, and ice.
He was certainly right, 10 visits later and I was completely fixed.
I now visit him once a month for full body maintenance.
I train for triathlons so everything is constantly under some sort of stress.
He's always there to get me right back to training if I have an issue however my monthly visits almost guarantee that doesn't happen unless I'm completely foolish.
In my opinion the ART treatments are the key to his superior treatment.
My previous chiropractor wasn't able to achieve even close to as good results.

I came into Dr. Petrick's office limping and in severe pain.
As soon as my husband and I walked through the door we were treated with the up most  respect.
I had been suffering through such pain from  my sciatica nerve in my right leg.
It was so bad I was unable to walk at times, missing a lot of work.
I had heard from my daughter n law that Dr. Petrick was the best.
The first day he did his famously technique on me ART, at that time I thought  because how long I waited before seeking attention , I thought I would never walk again.
He said " just have faith in me" I will have you back up walking and in no pain in less than 8 weeks.
After that he put me on the decompression table and get this the doc himself  walked me to my vehicle and picked me up and put me into the SUV  and put the seat in the position he wanted me in so I wasn't putting pressure on my spine.
Now get this Dr Petrick himself called me that night to check  on me.. Can anyone out there say you have had the Dr himself or herself call you personally to check up on you?
I continued coming in and having decomp, then you have Darren who works with DR Petrick do a soft tissue workout on me and teach me some exercises I can do at home.
Then Dr Petrick did an adjustment on me and did the ART teq on me again.
I got up from that table and walked around the room.
No limping using both feet.
I think Doc was more excited than me for he said YES!!!
Now that's why I love my job so much.
I am telling you that If your in pain, this is the place to go.
They make you feel like family, they always make sure your doing ok or if they can get you anything or do anything for you.
I could have chosen a different Dr that my insurance covered but, it was worth every penny to pay out of pocket to have Dr Petrick work on me.
For a year I suffered terribly and missed so much work.
I can now return to work and will continue to go back weekly for adjustments and decomp....
Please believe me if your in pain and can't handle it anymore give Dr Petrick and his staff a try!!!!!!
They are 5 star top notch all across the board.
They explain everything they are doing and why, they all care about you as an individual not as a $ sign.
Your recovery is their reward!!!!!!!!
Give them a try!!!
You will not regret it!!!!!
I promise!!
Thanks Doc!!!!
Nancy & Steve

I've known Dr. Petrick for years.
He pulled me aside one day and said he could fix my shoulder.
I was like how the heck did you know!?!?
Well its his job, and he just knew.
Dr. Petrick, Laura, Darren and the entire staff are amazing.
They run a state of the art facility and made my shoulder fell much better with only 1 visit.
I know I should go again, but I'm so busy, and it just feels so much better already!

