If you need anything for fighting,training or casual OTM has it or gets it quick.
I like to support this shop because I used to roll with scotty and he seemed like a real cool stand up guy.
I support local when possible.

Best fight shop in town.
I got my gi there and they have a great selection.
All the employees know what they are talking about.
Have everything from gi's to rash guards, all the Mits and pads that you need.
Overall great store for anything mma.

Amazing store!
Great prices, friendly knowledgeable staff!
Can't go wrong with getting your gear from here.

Awesome store.
The staffs really helpful.
I recommend OTM for all your fight needs.

I was browsing different sports shop to find a headgear but nothing seems to be what I wanted.
Luckily, my good buddy referred me to OTM fight shop.
I am so glad he did.
Here are the highlights.
) Staff was great.
She is friendly and knowledgeable.
She helped me find the right headgear that is light and comfy for me.
Not only that, she noticed that I was rockin' in my Yelp Elite watch.
I love her already!
Then we went on to talk about yelp and how to become an elite...the best conversation of the day.
She rocks big time in my book.
) Check in to yelp, you get 15% off or a handwrap.
How awesome is that!
Because my headgear cost 80 bucks, I chose the 15%.
Yep, that's the Asian in me calculating for the better deal.
) Variety of boxing/mma gear, as compared to any other fight shop that I've seen.
I will definitely come back to OTM for my fighting gear.
Highly recommend!

Brittney was fabulous!
I called to see if OTM carried a specific gi I was looking for as a Christmas gift for my husband.
OTM had the gi and she offered to hold it for me.
Super friendly and very helpful!
This is the 3rd time I've been to this store - they always have what I need and the customer service is awesome!

It didn't have as much as the Fight Shop in the Miracle Mile shopping mall but I took advantage of the free DVD you get when you check in with yelp.
A little pricey as well but all that stuff is anyway.
The guy that was helping me out was cool and not some douchebag who "knows everything".
You could probably get it cheaper online but you never know how things are going to fit.
I picked up some fight shorts and a cup with the compression short combo.
Works like a charm.

OTM is one of the more mainstream corporate fight shops in town.
They have a large supply of items ranging from clothing, protective gear and equipment.
However, I went down for the recent "Black Eye Friday" event, equivalent to their version of Black Friday and hardly any of the items on the list were even available.
Not sure if it was due to the VIP invitation sent the day prior, which I failed to attend.
If that was the case, no one to blame but myself.
But, I guess I am venting just to point fingers, lol.
There service is very helpful and experienced with the items in store and ended up purchasing some lace up 16 oz.
Twins sparring gloves while my other half picked up some 14 oz.
Hayabusa Ikusa gloves for regular price since I had no desire for the diminished stock of sale items.
I already knew there was a 50 percent chance that I was going to either give it to a training buddy or keep it for myself.
I chose the former.
Especially since I found the same pair for dirt cheap online on Cyber Monday.
So I called to ask about the return policy.
Just so you all know, there is no money back for returns and they only accept exchanges or will provide you with store credit only.
No biggie, but during the call, it sounded like "Mike" was the guy helping us that day and sounded upset that I want ted return my gloves.
My girl decided to keep hers, they are awesome and recommended she keep them knowing that they never go on sale anyway.
Anyhow, not sure if Mike was handling other business on his end, but hung up on me abruptly during my inquiry.
I can feel him but am a strong believer in the customer is always right, granted its reasonable.
Sad to say it left a bad fast in my mouth...  Luckily, I am willing to give them a chance to redeem themselves...

Great selection.
Military discount.
Be aware of return policy.
Sales guy was great the first time I was in there shopping for my younger son.
Most recent trip, the fellow helping me wasn't.
Had to come back and exchange older son's Gi after BJJ instructor saw it and said it was too small.

I just started training Muay Thai.
So I went in to get all the gear my girlfriend & I needed.
I didn't know all the lingo but they never talked down to me.
They were very helpful & had fun in the process.
After all that, the guy who rang me up (a big African-American lad) even carried my 100lb heavy bag to my truck.
Great place.

Great place for gear and training equipment.
If they dont have it they will order it and they dont hassel u. I like that alot.
No pressure or attitude here.
Very helpful group and a good selection of different types of gear.
Will definetly be back to reup on gear soon.
Need a new gi soon so ill see u guys in a few weeks

OTM Fight Shop is heads down the best place to buy BJJ,MMA, Muay Thai, boxing, and Wrestling equipment in Las Vegas!

I like this shop.
I used to shop at the one in corona California and once I moved to Vegas I switched to this location.
very close to my house and convenient.

Everything you need is here!
The girls are really nice and help you with anything.
We came in to get my 4 year old son a Gi and they had a few colors to choose from, of corse we walked out with more things then we actually can in for.
But overall we're happy with everything!

