Faith and her crew did an excellent job providing my wedding bouquet, my groom's boutonniere and all the flowers for our reception.
She worked with us to provide us a beautiful package that fit our budget.
She is very patient and knowledgeable!
I highly recommend them for your Las Vegas wedding!

worst experiense ever!
I ordered from FTD website.
The flower I got are weaky, old, unfresh.
it looks so ugly!
wont trust either FTD or this flower shop any more!
Never!
ever!

I was VERY disappointed when I received these flowers.
Half of the flowers were almost dead.
I sent a picture to the person who sent them to me and they looked nothing like the picture that she wanted to be delivered.
I don't recommend them at all.
Flowers are not cheap and you would like them to look their best when they arrive.

Faith from We Luv Flowers did an amazing job with my wedding flowers.
All my guests were at awe when they walked into the banquet room and so were we.
Her team and herself went above and beyond for us and did exactly what we requested with our arrangements, even though we bought our own vases, crystals and led lights Faith put it all together for us.

Apparently this florist is affiliated with FTD.
Going by the few reviews on Yelp - We Luv Flowers seems to value their wedding flowers customers above others.
This Monday I ordered a congratulations bouquet for a family member currently living in Las Vegas.
It was due to arrive Tuesday 4/22 .
No big deal that they missed my cousin the first time.
it happens.
I was told they would attempt again Wednesday - ok no worries.
Wednesday afternoon I am left two (2) voice mails by their delivery associate.
The first one states that he is going to leave it outside near the apartment.
(Odd.
) The second one states that he is going to instead leave it at the leasing office.
(Better choice I suppose, but still odd) I alert my cousin of their delivery plan via e-mail (already bummed that the surprise is blown at this point) and that she should stop by the leasing office before it closes for the business day.
She did and there is NOTHING there for her.
Today, after speaking with FTD (and by proxy We Luv Flowers) my cousin still does not have her flowers and they expect her to track down her arrangement from someone named Mike at a leasing office???
LAME.

Ordered flowers through FTD more than one week before Mother's Day,  for delivery the day prior.
FTD failed to make sure the flowers were delivered on the date promised.
When delivered the next day, the flowers appeared to be old and not vibrant.
Very disappointed with FTD and We Luv Flowers by Faith fir not completing the order nor contacting me to apologize.

Gorgeous flower bouquet from my boyfriend as a congratulations for a job offer.
The delivery person brought the flowers straight to the restaurant where I work.
Love getting surprises!

