I was bored one weekend and had their little flier so I bought a large for 5.99.
I like their pizza compared to other chains such as Pizza hut and Little Caesars.
I like their sauce and they seem to be nice people.
Give them a try, it's cheap enough!

It's a nice little corner joint.
The pizza is pretty decent.
Good flavor, especially the pepperoni.
Better than Little Caesar's if you want a cheap pizza quick.

DE-LISH!
Their pizzas are simply amazing, as are their wings, onion rings, and chicken fingers.
They have a unique flavor that doesn't get old, and they provide PLENTY of ranch, so you never run out!
How cool is that?
Oh, and don't forget to throw in a baklava or two; they are just as amazing as the pizza!
Also, the family that works there is super nice.
Even if they seem busy, they are always open for quick conversations, good laughs, and happy smiles.

Pizza is pretty good here!
I've been stopping in here occasionally ever since it was open and the pizza here has always been consistently good.
The baklava is a must-try and there is always a recurring special with the pizza and a 2-liter soda.
A little more expensive than the Marco's Pizza I usually frequent, but since I work right down the street, stopping in for a pizza on my lunch is always a good idea.
Plus, it's always nice to stop in and snag a pizza after drinkin' at Apache Joes right across the parking lot before going home to relax.

I love Alexander's.
Generally get delivery, but have done take-out as well.
We have tried many different items.
Liked them all.
The ranch is amazing and tastes great on both salads and fingers/wings or as a dipper for most anything.
I like the veggie and mozzarella sandwich as well as the eggplant (both parmesan and sandwich).
Pizza is great.
Better with less toppings in my opinion because the sauce is good and makes a statement of it's own.

I haven't sampled the entire menu, but for a place with pizza in the name, it's a bit lackluster.
Decent bang for your buck though.
Good heavy crust, not too spongy, not too tough.
Way too much cheese, not nearly enough sauce and it was too bland.
Good crisp veggies though.
They also have baklava which is pretty good, but not made in house which is probably why it's pretty good.
Haven't tried the rest of the menu, doubt I will.

Okay, so I have been to this place twice.
Once because I was at Texas Market and my son was hungry so I walked next door to see if they sold by the slice but they didn't.
So one night we were craving Zucchini sticks and FB was too far away so we said why not and gave them a call.
We ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and sausage and an order of zucchini sticks for pick up and our total came to $17.00 Not bad I guess.
Zucchini sticks hands down, a no go.
Too much breading, a little too crispy, the zucchini watery (obviously frozen product).
The pizza however, wasn't as bad as I was expecting.
It was actually pretty okay.
They seasoned their pizza with some kind of Italian blend and it definitely made the difference.
The dough was okay until I got to the crust and then it was just a little overdone for me.
I will tell you the added plus is their pizza card.
After your 10th pizza, you get one free.
This won't be a regular gotta go spot, but if I am ever craving pizza late at night - then yeah I just might.

Overall 4 star rating...but be careful what you order.
5 stars for pizza, delivery times, and price.
4 stars for Burgers, Wings, Baklava, and Garlic Bread, and Ranch Dressing 3 Stars for Philly sandwiches, Gyros, Spaghetti, and Lasagna  1 star for Fried Appetizers, Breadsticks, and Alfredo sauce  Mom & Pop pizza places are always hit or miss for me.
It is far too easy to overcook the toppings while leaving the dough a little underdone.
We tried Alexanders for the first time about 2 1/2 years ago, and it was GREAT.
Not a lot of places deliver where we live, so our choices are basically pizza, Chinese, or pizza.
The thing I like best about Alexanders is that in addition to their pizza, they have a very expansive menu.
Everything from Greek to Italian, Sandwiches to Burgers...all delivered to my door.
So I'd guess between my wife and I, we've tried everything on their menu at least once.
We order pizza from here so often that when the delivery guys see us at the grocery store, they come ask us how our dog is doing, or if the baby is feeling better.
We order from them at least 2 or 3 times per week, and we are rarely ever disappointed in their pizza.
it has a nice crispy crust that is good and greasy without being soggy.
I think the cheese is just right, and their sauce is pretty tasty.
For the rest of their menu, the quality depends on what you order.
Their cheeseburgers are great, but their Phillies are average.
Their lasagna is really pretty good, but their Alfredo sauce is awful.
Their BBQ wings are sweet and tasty without being too spicy, and their Ranch dressing is superb.
Their garlic bread is wonderful, but their bread sticks are pretty dry.
Other than the french fries, their entire fried appetizer menu is pretty bad.
The zucchini, stuffed mushrooms, jalapeno poppers, mozzarella sticks etc...  All bad.
They are store-bought frozen, so they'd be lackluster at best, but then adding in the delivery time and they are usually a little cold and slimy in the middle and the breading is crunchy instead of crispy.
Best to avoid those.
Every time we order from here, they say "45 minutes to an hour" for their delivery time, but I've yet to ever wait 30 minutes before my doorbell rings, and their record was an ASTOUNDING 16 minutes.
They had to have put the pizza in the oven while we were still on the phone.

I accidentally ordered the 24" in pizza, biggest pizza I've EVER bought.
The 2 of us ate on it for the whole week.
13 huge pieces.
The place is a whole in the wall, but definitely convenient.

went there last night for the first time, as I was picking it up, I told the guy that it was my first time and he said, "you'll be back.
" well he is right!
I got the 16" pizza with pepperoni, meatball, and sausage.
It was wonderful!
I'll be back.
Oh!
the meatball is $2 extra, all other toppings were $1.50.
I'd skip the meatball as it didn't add anything really so next time is pepperoni and sausage.

I have ordered delivery from Alexander's twice.
The delivery was fast within 30 minutes or less, the food was good, And the staff are friendly.
Prices are average.
I have tried the BBQ wings and the pepperoni pizza, both were delicious and the ranch that comes with the wings is VERY tasty!
This place gets 5 stars from me.
I really do love excellent customer service and I believe that is the icing on the cake for Alexanders.

We ordered pizzas from them for the first time yesterday.
They were delicious!
We'll be ordering again this weekend.
So far, they're the best pizza shop we have found in the Whitney area.

Pizza is good, wings not the best.
Staff fine.
Basically a take out place.
One very small table inside.
Prices are good.

So my family and I just ordered Gyros.
Worst meal we have ever had!!!!!!
We call  to inform the manager and all he did was argue with us that he has the best gyros in town.
Worst food, the salad was even bad.
Will never order from here again, not only because the food was bad but so was the customer service from the manager!

This place sucks i just call to have pizza all the prices changed the van on the pic says 5.99 its not right + for dilevry the pice is 5.99 she want charge me 13.99 + tax wtf

It was our first time here.
When we ordered the pizzas and appetizer, I should say that the food wasn't all that I expected.
The pizzas (as pictured) I ordered were the specialty ones; the Hawaiian and Mama Mia.
I would like to say that the toppings were somewhat sporadic however it may just because its a 16' ones.
The crust was flat in taste but not hard and chewy; just in between.
The overall taste isn't special, I guess the tomato sauce isn't zesty enough to bring the pizza to life.
Overall, wasn't impressed so 1 star for it.
The appetizer (as pictured) was the bucket of chicken wings.
I would like to say it was the most difficult thing to eat.
The texture was extremely hard and jerky.
The meat was very dry and my mom had trouble "gnawing" at one of the wings.
It was so tough having to pull the meat off the bones.
lol If I had to compare the texture, it was like the chicken wings were left under the burner for hours at a time and the meat suddenly became tough like rubber bands.
Definitely not happy so no star.
There is one particular item that Alexander's Pizza was famous for and that it was its ranch dressing.
I ordered 2 pairs in case just so I could try.
Lo and behold!!!
It was the MOST creamiest, rich, and savory ranch dressing I've ever had in forever!
I couldn't compare it to commercially made ranch sauces like Hidden Valley or buttermilk brands.
I just imagine it was homemade ones and what lack in the pizzas/wings makes up for in the ranch sauce.
So the sauce made eating the pizzas yummy.
Impressive ranch so 2 stars for it!
I'd like to say this experience did not throw me off and will continue to explore the other options in its menu.
This pizza joint has a prized ranch sauce and I will definitely come back for that with a new item soon.
Very friendly and professional staff and that's what kept me attracted to this joint.
So 1 star for that.
Would I come back ?
A definite yes- for that ranch sauce.
Overall 4 star rating.

Great place for pizza.
I love it and so does my husband.
And let me tell you we are very picky with our food.
Try the cleopatra pizza.
The best if you like a little spicy.
Delivery time is quick.
They always tell you 30 minutes but I always get it 10-15 minutes tops.
The staff is always friendly.
The pizza is always hot and delicious.
I recommend it to try.
Bon appetit

Love the ranch here!
Better than anything and good with everything.
Everyone on staff is super nice too.

First time ordering from here, and it was .........GREAT!
The pizza's sauce was aammaazziinngg, delivery was super fast.
and all the food was delic, nice and hot!!
This is defin going to be our go to for ordering pizza...screw pizza hut lol

THe " local" pizza shop for me.
I get that pizza craving most of the time but do not like to travel to my favorite places all the time.
There prices are decent and they offer delivery.

They have a pretty good pie.
They are so close to our house it's pretty convenient.
But I wish they mailed out coupons to my house it would be nice to get them

