Dr. Tottori and his staff has provided excellent care for my son since he was about 4 months old.
He's two years old now and I'm still singing his praises.
He's caring and sits and listens to all our concerns.
He doesn't discount anything we asked him about and gave us his own personal advice on things he's done with his kids when they came across the same conditions.

I had a bad allergic reaction with extreme swelling of the face and neck so I rushed to Dr. Tottori's office (he has been my Dr. for about 6 months), his office is 5 minutes from my home and I wanted him to see the swelling.
It was about 4:40 and the waiting room was empty, but the nurse said that Dr. Tottori was still in.
When I asked if it would be possible to be seen by him to show him the swelling the nurse excused herself and went to ask him, I waited, after a few minutes she returned to tell me he said if I had called he would have seen me, but since I hadn't I'd have to wait till the next day.
I was stunned and ask if she were kidding .
my face continued to swell and I insisted on being seen by someone, at this point I was really getting scared.
After a few minutes one of the nurses/practioners came out and told me I should come back the next day, but that I might want to go to the emergency room right now if I started to have trouble breathing.
As I was leaving they asked if I'd like to make an appointment for the next day .
The only thing that I did the next day was find a new Dr.
I would not reccommend this office to anyone.

The P.A.
Kate is  great, Dr. Tottori was not  very personable and our appointment and money was a complete waste of time.
We went in because our 13 month old was having allergic  reactions to fruit possibly.... we spent an hour just for him to tell us to avoid whatever was causing the reaction.
He further said he wouldn't recommend testing because of the likelihood of a false positive... what a waste of time.
The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because of the P.A.
Kate who was really nice!

I'm completely shocked that this place has negative reviews.
Tottori Allergy was my absolute last resort.
I've been suffering from allergies, eye infections, sinus infections, and asthma for years.
I've seen every type of specialist, been tested for every possible immune disorder known to man, and have had two surgeries on my sinuses.
My ENT finally told me three years ago that he could no longer treat me, and I needed to find someone to diagnose me.
I began seeing a wonderful doctor, but all he was able to do was treat my symptoms with tons of medication.
I'm an otherwise healthy, 29 year old female, and I was taking 10 daily medications to treat allergies and asthma.
Last year, I developed uncontrollable eczema.
Even my doctor was out of options for me at this point.
I took a chance and went to Tottori Allergy.
My first appointment lasted several hours, because at least half a dozen staff members came in to talk to me and fully explain what I had going on.
Someone explained how allergies and the immune system work.
Someone else explained the correct way to use an inhaler, by using a spacer and holding my breath for 10 seconds after inhaling.
No one had ever explained that to me.
Another staff member talked to me in-depth about how to control my eczema, and they gave me paperwork with a full treatment plan for flare-ups.
Finally, they performed an allergy test on me, which no doctor had ever thought to do before.
I tested positive for 50+ of 60 allergens.
They devised a treatment plan for me to start on allergy shots, and eventually wean off all my medication.
I've been on the shots for several months now, and I made it through a brutal allergy season without a sniffle.
I've stopped using my inhalers daily, and I stopped all the pills I was taking for my eczema.
Their treatment plan for my eczema worked instantly, and I go back to it anytime I start to experience a flare up.
The staff here is amazing.
They're educated, caring, and friendly.
The girl at the front desk is the sweetest girl in the world.
They have the allergy shot system down to a science, and even thought there is usually minimal wait time, they apologize when I wait more than about 10 minutes.
I can't say enough wonderful things about this place.
If you're struggling with allergies or asthma like I was, do yourself a favor and schedule an appointment.

