We went in here the day after I moved to Vegas because it was in the neighborhood and my feet were killing me after all that schlepping.
I longed for a soak and a massage chair and a nice lady to rub my feet.
They took us right away, which was great, a friendly woman started on my friend first and I had to wait.
Still, no big deal, I was in the chair.
No complaints.
A girl finally came over to help me after I started to get pruny and she was sweet, but strangely, our two pedicures finished at the same time -- despite them starting him 10-15 minutes before me and despite me requiring polish.
Turns out, the girl forgot to do the massage part.
I kept waiting -- they did the scrub, they did the paraffin, but I don't remember getting any kind of foot massage or leg massage, which let's face it -- that's the price of admission.
I can paint my own toenails!
Oh, and my massage chair was busted.
It only did one side.
Boo.
She cut/filed my toenails way too short -- I like them on the shorter side -- not Raptor-like, but this was positively Flintstonian.
And she did them crooked.
Instead of filing them straight compared to the edge of my toe so they were all even and uniform, she made them "straight" to the curve of my cuticle, which I guess is ever-so-slightly at a diagonal.
So all my toenails were crooked.
HOT.
They were very nice people and the price was fine.
I don't know if I'd be back, though -- maybe...
I could try another manicurist there, but in a city where there are awesome spas, I'd rather save up for an awesome luxury pedicure and just go less frequently.
Overall, the experience was average for a "quickie" nail place and for the price.

Unfortunately, I need to knock them down to 2 stars.
I think they need to sterilize their equipment better because let's just say... it's a recipe for infection.
I'd never had one in my entire career of pedicuring (and I have extensive pedicure experience) until I went here.
Bummer.
If you choose to go, make sure you see them take the tools out of the sterilizer and/or ask for new tools.
Better yet, go somewhere that you get your own.

This was my first visit here.
It is kind of tucked in a corner.
Probably one of the most pleasant pedicure experience ever.
Ask for Danny.
He just gave me the best pedicure.
He made my day.
I must have the happiest feet in the valley right now.
He did such a great job and an awesome foot massage.
Go Danny go!

I love this little giveaway place!
Tina and Lynn are super nice and get the job done right!
The prices are on point and the service is great

Years ago, I regularly came to Belgio twice monthly for acrylic nail maintenance, until I stopped getting acrylics in an attempt to grow my own nails out.
Skip to three years later and I've started coming back to Belgio, but for gel nails and I love them!
Lyn & Tina are fantastic and very very sweet.
They're completely accommodating and always squeeze me in.
Dong does the most amazing pedicure treatment and I definitely recommend paying a little extra to upgrade from the basic pedicure because the results are completely worth it!

I'm very happy!
Last month I had acrylic pink & whites from Fancy Nails down the road on Craig and was not very happy (one nail was done with pink first and the rest were done with white first) and my nails refused to come off even with an hour of acetone removal techinques.
I came to Belgio to help get the stubborn acrylics off and get a new set a half hour before closing.
The man was able to swipe the remnants off my natural nail with almost no pain and minimal damage.
I got white tips with clear acrylics and pink gel and clear gel for the tips.
He filed my nails just how I wanted them, didn't make them to thick or long, and took the time to make sure each nail was straight and perfect.
I was really impressed at how easily they were able to fix the mess I had from Fancy Nails, how well they did the acrylics, how fast, and how cheap!
I paid $30 + tip and they accepted credit cards.
(I HATE salons or any legitimate retailer that doesn't accept credit...it's 2013!

Im hopeful that I will be able to update this review with a more positive experience tomorrow.
As of now I have to give my rating based on the last time I was here.
I made a appointment for 6pm to have a Fill with Vincent.
I arrived around 5:30pm hoping to get a pedicure before my appointment.
The gentleman at the front said "No Problem, pick your color" I then sat down in my pedicure chair.
The lady who was assigned to do my pedicure was "Mama" she was not overly friendly.
When I told her that the callous remover was hurting my feet she proceeded to get offended by the fact that I didn't care how smooth my feet were if it hurt to please stop.
Once we got passed that the pedicure went a long fine.
Till the end when I asked for a design on my feet.
She was unable to do any designs and told me to wait for Vincent.
He had taken another customer in the mean time and was not available.
At around 6:05pm I was told to just stay in the pedicure chair and he will be done soon.
Fast Forward to about 6:35pm.
I was greeted by another employee named "Tina" who was shocked that I was still waiting.
She brought me out water and really was the only reason I am giving them two stars at all.
I tried to ask Vincent directly how long he was going to be and he gave the standard "Five more Minutes".
When Ten minutes passed I decided I had enough and was going to leave but not before making a appointment for Saturday with Tina.
I like this salon as its clean and they are the best of the salons ive encountered thus far since moving but I don't like waiting around till 6:45 when you close at 7pm and not having my nails done.
I don't blame Vincent as I know he got a customer who wanted really fancy nails.
However I feel the shop manager/owner should have paid better attention to the needs of the customer vs the appointment book before assigning him a client.
If they were going to run behind open honesty would have been more respected in my book.
Since Vincent didn't seem to care one way or another if he got my business I am going to give Tina a try.
We will see how she does and I will update accordlingly.
So far though her kindness definitely won me over.

Good for nails BUT DONT GET LASHES DONE HERE!
I just looked at a girl at doe eyed lashes in person and omg what a difference!
Mine look clumped and glued together and like a strip was put on!
They are painful and itchy and my eyes are constantly gooping because of them!
No good at all!
Hers look natural and amazing!!!
Go to doe eyed lashes!
They do a fantastic job!

This place is so close to my house yet they keep getting worse and worse.
I was there the other day for a gel fill.
While waiting another worker entered the location , I guess she was back from her break.
Guess what?
she attempted to TAKE SOMEONE who had come in after me.
Being that I have a big mouth I made a bit of a fuss and was helped.
Turns out this chick doesn't even know how to do my nails and complains about how long it will take to grind them down to put the glitter gel on.
It was a nightmare and my nails are super thick and chunky.
AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS

So I realize after I leave that the materials they use are super low quality.
My pink and white set looked great until it got under the sunlight and started to turn yellow and crack.
We're talking just a few days of your average exposure.
I work in an office so there's not a lot of damage I usually have to my nails.
Not worth the money you save.
Definitely would recommend everyone to go elsewhere if you want acrylics to last the average two weeks.

I will never go back to this place, poor quality of materials used, also they ripped my skin by my toe during a pedicure and never apologized.
I will NOT recommend this place to others.

Came here today for an emergency nail do..was a little terrified at first but everything went well I got a full set with gel ... decent quality and my lady was very gentle .
I think I will come back...

Have had pedicures here before but they keep getting progressively worse.
This time water was so hot ended up with first - degree burns.
Woman was also very rough in handling feet.

Now that I've accepted the fact that nail salons in this town will never be like they were in the Bay Area I have accepted this is my resident salon.
It took awhile but I now am a regular usually seeing Ann and Tracy both do a really great job!
I just recently got my nails and toes done by Roy who is new but pretty friendly and listens to what I want.
I've also had some pretty good pedicures from Michael!
Now don't get me wrong I can't go 5 stars because they are terrible about appointment times and sometimes still make me rage if someone is rude but over all for the cost they are the lesser evil of the salons in my area

Burnt the back of my leg with the chemical they use to remove thick skin off your heals.
I believe it was done intentionally because I didn't want the older rude nail technician to do my pedicure.
Will not be bsck, and I will make sure my family and friends are aware of the poor service.

I went here for the first time for a gel mani and pedi because it was close to my house - big mistake.
They did the my hands and toes at the same time - which is awkward at best and overall uncomfortable.
Because they were doing hands and nails at the same time, they asked me to leave the massage chair turned off because it was distracting them.
When taking my old gels off the girl drew blood 3 times and had the nerve to blame my previous nail lady for putting the nails on too tight??
Really?
The guy doing my pedi did a great job on the nails, but my feet did not feel soft - he put in the bare minimum possible.
Overall - a horrible place, AVOID - unless you are in a hurry and are ok willing to pay for mediocrity!

