Went Monday 10/22 at 7p and even though close at 7, they were on top of their game!
I've gotten pedi's on the strip that pale in comparison to this place.
We recieve or service from Kim & Monica and those ladies are sooo thorough.
The massage lasted much longer than expected, they scrubbed our feet well, and cleaned up the nail/cuticle throughout rather than a quick once over.
They also wrapped them in hot towels.
I appreciated the time and care they gave the service and it was worth every penny.
I was refered by my co worker whose gone here for 8 years, now I see why she refuses to go anywhere else for pedicures.
Finding a nail salon that is detail oriented and clean is very difficult, I'm glad this place was actualy as good as I was told so I can stop chair hopping!
I Strongly suggest making an appointment, I was lucky to end up with that 7pm

Seriously!!
This is the best place EVER!!
It is amazing.
Lana is amazingly nice and hardworking woman.
She's so loving and welcoming.
Even though the shop closes at 7pm, she stays back and does whatever you want to do if you walk in a little past 7.
It is perfect for anyone who works late.
The services here are ridiculously throughout!!!
I'm impressed at how they take care of their customers.
They spend time and invest in the quality of their services.
If you want to permanent make-up like eyebrows or eyeliner or lips etc.
this is the place to go!!!
Lana is the woman who does this.
She is very experienced!
My friend did the permanent make-up eyebrows.
It turns out just the way she wants without any infections or negative effects.
It hurts a little but that's it.
Seriously!
Lana is an amazing woman!
If you ever go to Happi Nails, request for Lana.
I would recommend you make appointment with Lana beforehand don't have to wait.
She's quite busy since she's the best of all!

Even though it says they close at 8pm, if you call ahead they will stay longer.
All the staff is friendly and goes out of the way to show true customer service.
They have a paraffin pedicure service and it leaves your feet smoother than you can imagine.

The customer service was great but the manicure was overpriced and the quality was bad, the top coat wasnt even covering the whole nail on some nails.
I went home and added another top coat but it didn't matter, it chipped the next day anyway.
I usually pay between $7 and $11 for a mani so $14 plus tip was expensive for me esp since she didn't do everything they do when I get cheaper ones at other places.
No biggie though, now I know.
My bestie's full set looked really good and natural.
She is super nice though and def will stay late if you ask!

Lana was awesome, she listened, and stayed open late for me.
With my busy scheduled it's hard to find a good manicurist who can do what I want.
My mom does nails and I dabble so I very particular about my nails.
Thanks Lana for making my French tip more fun.
I love it!

I found this store with my girlfriend about a year ago.
She was looking for a new nail salon to go to after her favourite one closed.
The customer service was amazing and the work done on her was perfect.
The owner was very nice and by her attitude and professionalism, she knows how to run a business and maintain her clientele happy.
If you are looking for the best, then look no further.
This salon is the best in Vegas hands down.

I am a person who believes in keeping things positive and not dwelling too much in the negative but I have to be honest here.
Not a good experience and I gave it several tries.
I am putting this review up because I believe that it could help make room for improvement where needed.
I did not have the relaxed, lovely experiences one might expect and want from a nail salon.
I felt rushed, overlooked, taken advantage of during the times I was there.
I wanted to love it out of convenience for me but I have since found another place and it's exactly what I've been looking for.
Happi Nails needs a little more sincere customer service ~ the kind that makes each client feel like they are equally important and that it's not all about money.
Maybe get some additional employees to help with this?
I think this place has potential but it definitely needs some improvement.

I'm sorry to tell that my experience here was awful, I def don't recommend this place, if you can go somewhere else go.
My nail removal was the worse ever, the lady hurt me 2 of my fingers, they were sore for days, it was way overpriced, I'm not coming back here, painful and wasted money!!!

Love this place!
Lana is awesome and will take you all hours of the night if you need her to.
She's stayed pen till past 9pm.
I get nail designs all the time and she does a great job.
Thanks Lana.
In there once a week.

I walked in on a Monday afternoon for a pedicure.I must say this: Anyone who will work on another persons feet should be respected 'cause feet are just nasty, period.
I have ugly, caveman lookin toes, I'm 8 months pregnant so I can't even reach them and its my 1st pedi since winter ended.
I got the Classic which includes a leg massage and callous remover for $25...French tip cost me another $5.
The amount of dead skin i had was gross so hats off to Lana.I don't need any special nail polish as I don't walk through rocks barefoot and I sit at a desk all day.
Happy with the entire process; Lana is a sweet, hard working woman who chatted me up at the beginning and let me relax at the end.
The pedicure chair has a massager.
If shes workin on ur nasty feet,don't skimp on the tip!
Thats just wrong.
I'm happy with the service.

I normally never complain but my experience here was too unacceptable.
I had the worst manicure I ever had experienced.
I had an acrylic removal with manicure service with Lana.
She literally saw my flinch and say that she was hurting me during the removal process and kept proceeding.
No apology, no nothing.
Told me to keep still.
I was ready to just get up and leave right then and there but I stayed being that we already started; might as well finish.
Then a regular returning customer came in and told her she's not busy.
So my time with her then felt rushed.
I tipped her because I myself is in the customer service industry and understand how it is... but mark my words, I will never come back here.

I truly hate to write a bad review because there are so many fabulous places in town that I always forget to write a great review for.
However, I feel like I'm doing a public service to warn you about my painful experience at Happi Nails.
My dog was getting groomed, so I decided to pull into Happi Nails ,which was nearby, kill some time and get a mani pedi.
I walked right in and was the only one there, so Lana did my hands while another elderly woman did my pedicure.
While Lana was cutting my cuticles on my nails, she made me bleed.
It hurt a bit, but that happens sometimes.
However, The pedicure was the worst experience I've ever had.
I've never had such anxiety while I'm supposed to be relaxed.
The woman seemed to not be sure of what she was doing.
I felt like perhaps she was a family member helping out.
I never saw a license.
When it came time to use the "Mr. Pumice" Pumice sponge she ran in over the top sensitive skin part of my foot so fast I didn't have time to stop her.
I just yelled out in pain, but it was too late.
I already had a bleeding hole in my foot.
I don't know why I didn't just get up and walk out , but I let her finish.
I even paid and tipped.
It currently hurts to even wear shoes and I'm applying a lot of antibacterial ointments to hopefully avoid infection.
I will never be back to Happi Nails, a downright awful experience.

I have only had one other pedicure in my life & was not impressed.
I decided to try again here & am very pleased.
The lady was super friendly & worked hard on my feet.
(They were very callused)  Now my feet look amazing!

