This place is terrible.
I do not recommend going here for a car wash. We found them through Groupon.
We paid $30 for a wax, car and mat wash.
They were streaks up the ying yang.
For that price, I could've got better service with the mobile retailers that come to my place of employment.
We thought we got a deal, instead we got ripped off.
I suggest going to a car wash spot that has really good reviews instead of one that doesn't have one.
I sure learned my lesson.

I don't know what the other dude is talking about on here.
I find most of the car wash places in Vegas suck.
I take my BMW here all the time.
They do a great job for the cash.
I have some kind of VIP card and they only charge me 13.99 for inside and outside.
They do a dang good job too.
Always looks good.
I also got the wax job before and I don't know what the other guy is talking about.
No streaks and my car is black.
I found a little wax by my hood, but hey I've gotten a ton more wax all over the place when I do the job myself.
Overall I love it here.

About a month ago, I went out to the desert for my vacation.
During the course of my stay, my rental car got hit with a sandstorm.
....
Okay, it got hit by SEVERAL sandstorms, and we'll leave it at that.
At any rate, the car looked like I had just demolished the 2012 Sandcastle Conference.
It was bad.
Really bad.
So I needed to clean it, and looked to Groupon for salvation.
I went down there... and the car was just too bad.
They couldn't use the Groupon.
So I had to suck it up, and take a much larger scale wash for the car.
I conceded.
There was just no way that I could have brought the car back in its sandy state.
But to their credit, the car looked great all said and done.
It took about three full washings, but they got it looking back to its original state.
And really, I couldn't have asked for anything more.
I wasn't thrilled about the high price I had to pay for the wash, but honestly, they put a lot of work into it, so it was worth it.
Their lobby is actually decent, filled with arcade games and snack machines.
Nice touch.
They aren't a fan of credit cards, but they weren't difficult about it, and worked with me regardless.
Hopefully, I'll never have to return a car for them to wash in that dirty a state, but at least I know they are thorough about their work.
The price then saved me a LOT of grief with the rental place later, so I am grateful for that.
Recommended.

I went to this car wash reluctantly, as it seemed like there wasn't enough employees working for the amount of cars they were washing.
I should have listened to my inner voice telling me not to go...this place is not good.
It seems really dirty, there isn't enough people working, the cashier is also the person who checks you in, washes your car and washes your mats.
I spent 30 dollars with a groupon and purchased the #5 (hand wax) and carpets dried cleaned.
As I left I noticed that the entire front hood of my car and all the cars that were leaving had the typical dirt and grime that builds up over time.
NOT ONE CAR was hand wiped (will only do so, if you point out all the stuff they miss when they give you your keys).
They just piled on the wax after the 'drive through machine' washed my car.
THANKS!
They will not clean your interior only 'dust' it...FOR 30 bucks, you'd think you'd at least get the dash wiped down.
IT only took 25 minutes, which is scary for how much SHOULD have been done.
When I got home I noticed that to top it all off, my floor mats were still SOAKING wet.
So now they are hanging to dry on my porch.
I can't believe they had the nerve to put them back into my car like that.
SO gross, and they were making the inner carpets wet.
I usually go to Craig Road Car Wash and for 30 bucks I would have had SO much more done.
I ACTUALLY feel like my car is DIRTIER than when I brought it in.
This place is somewhere to stay away from.
I don't even know HOW they are open.
I tried to call them before I wrote this to give them a chance to explain themselves, but of course NO one answered because they do not have enough employees.
I feel sorry for the employees.
Whomever is running this place should be ashamed of themselves.

Came here with a Groupon deal and the whole thing was kind of a nightmare.
The guy kept trying to up-sell me with a tire shine that was very unnecessary.
A little too much pressure.
The wash is automated, which I have always found fun since I was little!
They detail your car on the inside which didn't take too long.
Less than 10 minutes.
Everything looked good, but based on the normal prices and the semi-rude service, I won't return.

- Get the free "VIP Discount Card" from the cashier and you get a couple of bucks discounted off any car wash option you select.
- I always get the #3 for $12.99 VIP Price so I can also receive a free air freshener.
#3 also includes vacuuming the interior of the car.
- My second choice for a carwash is at Terrible's, which has tons more locations.

Uh, old, rundown car wash.
Person checking u in just walked up to window and didn't say anything.
Pointed to a sign saying fold in mirrors, took a long-handled brush and roughly brushed down lower rocker panels.
Automated wash and then you drive into the "finish area".
The slowest and most disinterested employees mosey on over and do a half-assed job of cleaning.
No one overseeing the work.
Pretty lousy experience.
Certainly a good car wash for $5.99, not the $19.99 I was charged.
There are much better car washes out there.

I just finished getting my car detailed and washed.
It hadn't been done in over 4 months so it was very long overdue.
I got the #5 because I wanted them to personally hand wax it.
I figure spoil my car to the fullest since it'll be awhile since it happens again.
& I also asked for the seats to be shampooed.
My car is fairly new so seeing stains is unacceptable.
The pricing seemed reasonable $60bucks for a detail, I expect them to be quite thorough.
The whole experience went well.
I was the first car to be serviced, the gentleman walked up and asked how I was doing, and pointed out to the menu of options.
I already knew what I wanted before hand so I just informed him and he was set to get the job done.
I went through the automated wash, pulled up to the "finish detail" area where two other gentleman greeted me.
The two men got to work.
I waited for about an hr/hr.5 and the whole time they were working on my car, which gave me a sense of satisfaction for choosing this place.
They called me up after my car was done and I went over to take a look at it.
It looked pretty shnazzy!
Shining and brand new like when I drove it off the lot.
The bug spatter on the bumpers were completely gone, and lets keep in mind this had been four months of insect death.
My window had a nasty sticky substance that I was unable to get off and that managed to disappear, The wheels were shined, the The seats were completely washed and the stains that were quite noticeable were gone!
...
I am very pleased with my car and will definitely keep them in mind for future washes and will also be recommending them.

The workers are very lazy!
The inside of my car was still very dirty, floor mats weren't even cleaned.
I paid to have interior cleaned.
I advise to not go here, truly terrible and lazy workers.

went here on a groupon and lemme tell ya, not worth it.
Skip this place and go to Fab Freddy or Terribles.
It consisted of two mexican guys who took 5 whole mins to clean the car after the automatic car wash.

I paid for the premium car wash 15.99$ and they didn't even wipe down the inside of my car!
Then when I called bk to point it out the manager(Robert) was very defensive and insisted that I couldn't prove that they didn't wipe down the inside of my car!
WHAT, how says that to a customer?
Terrible service, didn't get what I paid for....

I've gone multiple times.
The staff are always polite and helpful.
Yes they will offer you upgrades- but I've found them to be competitively priced.
They'll contact your insurance company to repair and chipped windows too if you like.
I will always come here for auto services- fast, efficient, and great quality work!

Had a great experience here.
They were very welcoming and explained the options to me as a first time customer.
The guys really hustled and worked on the interior cleaning.
Excellent job and very efficient.
Looks and smells great!

Got my windows tinted here for a great price.
They were kind to me and gave me 5 free washes too.

Got my car detailed here after a long overdue time...
Inside which was disgusting before looked great.
We paid almost $150 so I would expect all dirt spots on bottom of door and hubcaps gone which they weren't which is the only reason I gave them 4 but I will definitely be going back next time

First I get a coupon on my newspaper that says $13.99 for a smog check.
I arrived at the location waiting almost 10 minutes for the owner to come over and I handed him the coupon and he says oh for that you must buy car wash.
I replied that it does not say that on here, he got extremely rude and said sorry not my problem.
So fine I am there I need it done so I get a car wash that was on special that included an interior & exterior wash.
They drove my car through a machine available anywhere for like half the price, my wheels were left filthy and they left spots on all the windows.
One of the workers stepped into my car to vacuum it and now I have a huge grease stained footprint in the back of my car.
I had a to do list & my grocery list on my front seat that they proceeded to throw away!
I will never go back there again, and I will tell everyone I know to stear clear.
Their ads are full of false advertisements, they charge extra for everything, and they were rude to me on top of it.
This is not how you run a business or treat people!

Recently moved to Vegas and have been looking for a great car wash.
Typical drive thru car wash with towel-dry and vacuum for $13.99.
However, be prepared to wait a long time.
From start to finish I was there about 45 minutes.
Not enough workers and overall not too friendly either.
They did a fine job but would probably not come back.

