Sells $3 korean false eyelashes and $5 eyelash glue- great quality products- I always stop by here when in Vegas to stock up on my false eyelashes.

I love this place!
They have IOPE cosmetic skin care line, which works very well.
One of my favorite brands.
Great price and good quality.
Great friendly service and they give samples without having you feel pressured like other places .

It's good price and service,I buy the skin care products from this store for about two years,every time they give me many little bottles to try for free,it's nice.I like the products there,will be back!!

The salesperson there was very gracious and helpful.
I am considering using the IOPE skincare line.
Since I am a part time teacher, I have to be careful with my purchases when they are a bit more on the expensive side.
She gave me many samples so that I can try the line before I purchase it from home.
Tonight I will try it.
If it works, I have no problems giving her my business or the cost IF it works.
I like people who are not pushy, she was one of them.

This place carries a wide selection of Korea's most popular brands, such as Iope and Leneige, all sold at a very decent price.
I've known about it for some time now and decided to finally go there for the first time yesterday night.
It was 5 minutes before they closed, therefore, I was hesitant to stay long.
Ivy greeted me with a smile and was one of the most attentive and honest sales rep I've spoken to in years.
She took her time with me and answered all of my questions for every product that I was interested in.
The thing she said to me that guarantees I will be coming back here in the future, was that I should not buy anything I did not truly need.
This was a sincere advice from her, in which shows she wasn't interested in stealing my money.
On the other hand, she had my interest in mind.
Originally, I had my eyes on this skincare line that was apparently made for more mature ages.
Ivy recommended I try a different line that was more suitable for my age, in which was also way cheaper than what I was looking at before.
I felt very confident with my purchases because I felt like she actually cared enough to recommend what's best, not what's most expensive.
I walked in there with the intentions of browsing the IOPE line, and left with a bag full of samples from multiple brands.
She was very generous with providing me samples and told me to try them as long as I needed until I was prepared to make a purchase.
Overall, the whole experience was very relaxing.
I'm glad for once I wasn't pressured into doing anything I didn't want to.
Thanks to Ivy, I will be coming back here more often to complete my purchases of the Iope line.

