This review is based on about 7 visits with 4 different cars and two managers.
The most resent was last week for a tire boo-boo.
They talked me into the insurance plan for the tires when i got them more than 18 months ago.
Well it wasn't free but 43. dollars for a new tire  on a large European sedan beats 205. any day.
There was one Minor gaff they didn't have my tire at that store so a sister store had to send it over(standard practice).
When the tire arrived the size was right the sticker was right after they mounted it though they realized that it was the wrong brand even though the manufacturer sticker said otherwise.
Well now it's rolling into closing time and the last deliveries had been made so they said it would have to be tomorrow, honestly I was cool with that they are right down the street and my spare is full size so no biggie.
I could hear the manager getting a little hot on the phone in his office, after a few minutes came he came out and said if I could give them 20 more min.
it would be done today.
So 18 minutes later I rolled out good as new.
The minor gaff was a one in a million or better and was caused be the tire distribution center as Tire Works has never carried the brand.
These guys don't walk on water but they have done right by me.
They also have a credit card that gives you 6 months no interest I have used it every time.

Great service, great prices!
Better than discount tire!
Dalin and Brandon, have my business whenever I am going to have trouble.
The crew is great and now how to take care of business.
This was my first visit, my father in law recommended me to go to Tire Works instead of Discount Tire and I'm glad I did.
I didnt' need anything to complicated, just a simple dismount 4 tires, transfer TPMS sensor and remount 2 tires.
They seemed a bit busy but that is business.
I will be back for the great service!

Went in for oil change and checkup.
Rude.
Loud(manager screamed f*** at employees several times) Took way too long (2.5hrs).
Pulled car arnd and it still wasn't done.
Could not turn of the brake lights that they made come on.
Awful service.

I'll take Tire Works over T & M any day.
Overall, my experiences have been good and I've been taking my PT Cruiser there for about a year and a half.
The location is convenient.
We usually drop my car off for service, run across the street to PT's for breakfast, and it's done when we get back.
There have been several situations where I took the car to T & M and ended up taking it to Tire Works to complete the service.
The last deal was a quote of almost $1200 for new motor mounts from T & M and a wasted day when my hubby took the car in for tranny work.
They checked out my tranny and told him they don't do tranny work (So why let him make the appointment in the first place?
Wasted an entire day.
)  Dalin quoted a price almost 1/2 of that for T & M, plus had the tranny fixed-all in one day.
I did run into a leak, but took the car back and they had it "tightened up" and ready to go in less than 10 minutes.
My only complaint would be that my hubby replaced my battery this weekend and found our old dipstick, etc.
that Tire Works had replaced under the hood with a few other odd pieces.
Other than that, Tire Works definitely has my business.

Had a very bad experience here...I recommend going to the location in Southern Highlands on Cactus & Southern Highlands blvd...they will do a better job on your car.
I purchased the Lifetime Warranty Tire Balance for my BMW 530i and they just ended up making the tire balance worse than it was prior to going to them.
I ended up having to go the next day to the Southern Highlands location to get it corrected and I've been going to that location ever since and so should you!
Trust me, you'll see!
Bad service and their technicians are not trained at all!
I only trust my german cars at the dealerships but c'mon how do you mess up a tire balance!!!???
lol   Get it together!

These guys are thieves.
My brakes started acting up so I brought it in and they said I needed a new break system for $1200, me trusting they were honest people, I agreed.
A month later my power steering went out, they quoted $1200 again!
I took my car to a auto shop in my home town in cali and they fixed it for $400!
Just brakes looked at my reciept for my new brake system and quoted me $600!
Half of what these guys charged me.
Do not trust these guys....

DO NOT GO TO THESE THIEVES!!!!
WHAT A BUNCH OF RIP OFF ARTISTS!!!!
I took my car in for a standard alignment as my car was pulling to one side.
The guy at the counter (I'm assuming he was the manager) Brandon said it would be 45 minutes so I figured that was standard time and sat in the waiting room.
An hour and 15 minutes later, I look in the parking lot and my car is sitting there, yet nobody came to me to let me know my car was ready....seriously?
You can't just be courteous and let your customers know when their cars are ready??
So I pay for the alignment and leave.
Once I get in the car, it drives 20 times WORSE than when I brought it in.
In order to make the car drive straight, the steering wheel would have to be turned to a 30-40 degree angle.
SERIOUSLY??
The manager Brandon didn't even have the courtesy to tell me that the car was driving worse, he just let me go out to my car and see for myself, yet lied to me and told me someone test drove it.
If he was telling the truth, then they are all just as stupid as they seem.
He gave me some BS excuse as to why the car was pulling to one side, telling me that I needed 2 new front tires....how convenient!!!
A tire place is telling me they can't fix my alignment and I need 2 new tires!
I had the shop guy go take a test drive with me and he finally put my car back to how it was before I brought it in.
End result, after waiting for almost 2 hours when I was originally quoted 45 minutes, they didn't do ONE THING to my car to fix it and I had to argue with the manager to refund me.
He also got butthurt when I mumbled to myself that this was "fn BS" and said he had the right to refuse service to me.
GUESS WHAT BUDDY?
YOU DID REFUSE SERVICE BY NOT FIXING MY CAR AND TRYING TO RIP ME OFF!!!
My letter to the Better Business Bureau will be much longer than this one.
I wouldn't recommend anyone going to this shop to get your car fixed unless you want a bunch of untrained, uneducated, laughable "mechanics" touching your car and making it worse than it already was.
If you want a good deal on f-ing up your car, just drive it into a wall.
At least then you won't have to deal with such idiots.

I took my car here because I needed new tires.
They actually got me a good deal on tires, but because I like to get even better deals.
I searched for the same tires online as I waited and saved a little bit more.
Their service technician Will is awesome.
He does a great job on my car when it needs an oil change.
I haven't had a bad experience with them yet.

This place will attempt to RIP YOU OFF.
In a nutshell: I took our Pontiac in for a routine tune-up in which we had a coupon for, and afterwards they told us we needed ALL this work done, including new spark plugs (which weren't due for another 10,000 miles) and new rear struts!
They quoted us $400 per strut ($800 total) plus $400 labor (on top of about $600 worth of other "stuff") and we were shocked, because our car never bounced or dipped excessively.
So we left without getting the struts done, and instead went to the dealer so they could assess it -- and the dealer said it didn't need ANYTHING!
And even if it did, for our specific car model, each strut would have costed just $125 each.
So basically, Tire Works tried to charge us for services and repairs we didn't need.
If you go in to get work done, please be vigilant and have them explain every single process to you.

Stay away from this place.
RIP OFF!!!!!!
They even try to do bussiness under the table!

I would like to at least give those reviewing this place a break down of the service I received here, but unfortunately I didn't even get that far.
I walked in and was met with some angry woman yelling at one of the guys behind the counter because they wanted to charge her $700 to swap out her alternator.
I guess when she looked at the price at Auto Zone for a remanufactured alternator the cost was $89 so that's a substantial markup on labor for an alternator, but I digress.
After standing there for 20 minutes and having other customers merely walk in and get acknowledged and then helped with their problems I began getting upset.
I asked if I was mirage and they were unable to see me standing there, no response.
After another 5 minutes I said, "Pffffffft" and walked out.
As I was doing so some other employee walked in and said, "Have you been helped sir?
" I replied, "Nope, I've been standing here for 25 minutes to get a price on tires.
I was ignored twice, so I guess you guys have me on the 'pay no mind' list.
"  There is a serious problem with customer service in the automotive industry in this town.
The only mechanic I will ever trust my car to is T&M Automotive but unfortunately they don't sell tires so I'm forced to deal with the rest of these people.
It is my hope that perhaps one day these franchised operations will comprehend what it means to have customer service and in this case, simply acknowledging a customer who has been standing in line for 25 minutes.
Customer service will make or break a business, period.
It doesn't matter how great your product is, nor does it matter how long you've been in business, if you can't service your customer than you're going to lose business.
Unfortunately this place is a joke.
The management is obviously lackluster at best, from the other reviews below it sounds like they really like to hike their prices up, so I guess in retrospect I'm glad I didn't buy tires here.
It kind of sounds to me like they take advantage of people who may not know what the proper costs for certain repairs and replacements should be.
If you're looking for new tires I'm sure you can find somewhere better than this corporate run chop shop.

I returned from my trip out of town and noticed that my back tire was flat.
Not the thing you want to deal with after spending hours on an airplane!
Ugghh, last thing I wanted to do was buy a brand new tire since my car only has 8,000 miles on it.
I walked down to the gas station to get a can of fix a flat and then drove over to Tire Works.
I was cheerfully greeted when I entered and explained the tire situation.
I was fully expecting to buy an new tire since I had previously had a patch job on that tire AND just filled it with fix a flat, but the mechanic told me a new tire was not necessary.
Yeaa!
For $30, the repaired the tire and told me that if it shows any signs of leaking to bring it back with no additional charge.
Total time spent was 35 minutes.
I will def be back for my car maintenance needs.

Phil at the counter is great with the customers, polite and honest.
I came back to this location because of good customer service .
Good job!

8 times.That's 8 EIGHT times I took My car back to this place after they fixed the wrong problem.
Tire Works diagnosed My car as having a bad drive axle, I had them replace both because they told Me they used OEM parts.
The problem never went away.
I took the car back, waited, got rides home from friends walked to and from,, because they wouldn't give Me a ride.
Finally, I called the corporate orifice.
they replaced both drive axles again, with "cardone" shafts, the cheapest and worse parts, still, made noise.
$650.00 later, I take the car to another mechanic.
The car had the wrong brake shoes on it.
So here's what I did.
I went into the restroom,and pee'd away $650.00 to tire works.
The only way My car ever goes to tireworks again is if I happen to be driving by the very moment I die, then I'll point it, with My last dying breath,to the appropriate location.
And, this Gal?
that owns tireworks, KARMA!!
You take advantage of People for your own personal gain.
Oh, and Jesus Loves you.
Since you'll never see him I just thought I'd let you know.

Went here on the recommendation of a coworker.
I had a tire that kept losing air (I figured it had picked something up).
I had it into the dealership (Fairway on Sahara) for something else so I asked them to look at the tire.
They said it was not repairable.
Took it to Tire Works and they fixed it no charge!
All of the people I saw working today were friendly and courteous.

This was the worst customer service I have ever received at any auto shop, and that is saying a LOT!
I usually have a friend who owns a shop who changes my oil, but he's too far to drive to lately, so I go to Terrible's with my own oil and filter.
The guys there are super nice, but this particular day I was in a severe hurry so I decided to go somewhere close to my house.
My boyfriend and I stopped in to get an oil change and the guy said they had an opening in an hour.
His exact words "Come back in an hour and we'll get you in right away.
"  So in an hour, we came back.
There was a different guy working who seriously should be working at the Post Office instead, that was how much enthusiasm he lacked.
He went through the motions of processing us and then said, okay, we'll let you know when it's done.
I asked him how long he thought, and he said, "an hour.
"  I responded, "an hour?
We were told to come back so that you could get the car in right away and we wouldn't have to wait.
"  He responded with: As soon as possible, and walked away.
So we sat in the waiting room for about 45 minutes and decided to go outside for some fresh air since it was like a sauna inside.
We looked in at the bays to see if my car was in there and didn't see it.
My boyfriend looked on the other side of the store and saw my car was parked in the lot.
We went back in and asked if my car was done, and the guy who originally helped us just ignored us.
Another guy came and asked if we needed help.
I asked him again about my car, and he pulled the keys out of the "done" pile.
So basically, they got done with the oil change and didn't even tell us even though we were sitting right there in the waiting room, WAITING patiently even though we were promised it would be quick.
They didn't even apologize!
I asked when the car had been done, and they guy just said he didn't know.
Did they even change the oil?
WHO KNOWS, since when we got in the car and drove away, we saw that they didn't even bother to reset the "Oil Maintenance" light.
WTF.
I HATE THIS PLACE!

So this is the 4th location of Tire Works I've been to.
Their hours are definitely ideal (8-7pm weekdays) for my oh-so-normal job schedule.
Initially, I stopped by for brakes.
I knew I needed brakes.
My fiance knew I needed brakes.
I made that very clear from the getgo.
(I kind of learned over time that the more direct and knowledgeable you are about your problem the better the service/deal you can get).
Let me preface: I just had an oil change at Walmart maybe 2 weeks before this visit.
They told me, without me asking, that my tires were good.
I was almost certain they weren't but just said ok.  Today, Byron walked me out to the garage and showed me where the metal was visible through my tire because the tread was that worn down.
I can't really say no to tires at that point.
Got in around 5:50pm, gave the keys up at 5:55pm, negotiated until 6pm (and got $100+ off).
Final verdict: 4 new tires and front brake pads + rotors = $695.
Approximately $72/tire (he discounted it a couple of times and even said he needed to sell tires today - can't say much since I NEEDED tires).
Also got 4 future oil changes and a wheel alignment.
You know why I like Tire Works?
I take my car in for something and they don't tell me something else COMPLETELY unrelated is wrong.
For example, one mechanic I went to for JUST an oil change said that he took off my tires and didn't think my breaks looked that good.
(Side note: they were fine)  All in all, I like it here.
Everyone was really nice and while it may be somewhat pricey I know it's done right and I can go back and harass them if something goes wrong.

Great service, great repair and GREAT AC inside!

These guys are a bunch of crooks!!
Went in because my tire was wobbling and they swore I needed new shocks.
All they did was look at the tire and say "Oh yeah 100% you need shocks.
" They quoted me a "deal" of $850.
Luckily I called my friend and he took a look... All I needed was a new tire and my car runs perfectly now.
I'll never go back.
I had 3 of the employees all take a look and all of them concurred that I needed new shocks.
Robbery!

I wish I could give less the one star.
WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.
NINE weeks of hell with trying to repair what started as an engine light on....$6500 in repair and rental car fees later and the light is still on, PLUS my windshield is cracked.
I wrote an email to Keith, the VP of the company, no response.
With two lawsuits(according to the BBB) on their books and once tussle with contact 13 already I would advise all customers to run in the other direction.
I wish I would have know sooner how shady this entire company is.

Worst place to take your car!!
I wouldn't even trust this place with my 21 speed bicycle.
I came in to get 4 new tires,  30mins after I left,my car shuts down completely, found out my battery was drained, (9month old battery)  They wanted to charge me to install a new battery, plus they wanted to sell a battery that was $80 more than what I paid for next door.
The manager, Brandon I think, is a complete idiot, he just kept pushing for their warranty.
Please do yourself a favor and do not take anything to this location.
I wish yelp has a negative star ranking.

While discovering a flat tire on a drive home from Vegas, we struggled to find somewhere open on a Sunday.
They got us in almost right away and were able to repair our damages tire in 30 minutes.
A++

SCAM!!!
Do not take your car here!!!!
I needed my tires balanced, rotated and aligned.
It is super close to my house, so I decided it was the most convenient.
$145.50 for this - since I do not know the going rate, I just got it done.
While there they told me I needed a water pump... they said it was leaking.
They wanted to charge me $430.00 for a water pump.
I think not!!
I told them no!!
I will just bring it to my mechanic to fix the water pump.
After sitting there for an hour and a half, I asked the sales guy how much longer it will be, his answer to me "Why?
Do you have some place to go?
" REALLY??
It took over 2 hours to get my tires done.
So, being concerned about my water pump issue for a week, I did not see any dripping water, until a week later and I called my mechanic... turns out, I did NOT need a water pump!!
It was condensation from my A/C - my water pump was in perfect working condition!!!
I still can not believe they tried to scam me.... Do NOT take your car here for anything!!!

