I took advantage of a Living Social deal to get pictures taken of my newborn baby.
We went here to take pictures when he turned one month and again when he turned two months.
On our first visit, we went on a Sunday morning and it was very busy.
We decided to do family pictures and although our photographer was nice, we felt very rushed.
I understand the rush since it was a busy day.
The photographer still managed to get some cute shots so we were happy.
When it was time to choose the pose we wanted, the salesperson was helpful and wasn't too pushy about upselling.
Well, she didn't have to be since we we couldn't resist buying a lot more than what we intended.
Our next visit was much better.
We went on a Monday morning.
There were other customers there but it wasn't nearly as hectic.
Our photographer Joe was very good with our baby and made him smile a lot.
We got a lot of really cute shots that we ended up buying the entire CD of images yet again.
Our salesperson was also very nice and didn't rush us with choosing our images.
We love going here to capture the moments of our growing baby.
We will definitely be back again and again!

There was a deal on Living Social for a photo package so we decided it was time to do a picture of us and the brood.
The place is really nice.
The photo rooms have a large selection of backdrops which is really cool.
Our photographer Joe was great.
His personality and knowledge of what poses would work best really shined.
The pictures came out beautiful.
Except for the one with me doing a half blink.
It looked like i was drunk...  Everything went very smoothly until it was time to choose the pictures we wanted.
Our Living Social deal was $18 dollars for 6 sheets of photos which is pretty good.
The sales woman Dominique was pretty pushy.
I understand that she works off commission and needs to make a living but dang.
She was very robotic telling all the packages.
it was like "lalalalalala this is $700".
Ummm I'm here for the $18 deal.
She asked me twice if i wanted the $450 package or the $700 package.
Not to sound like a cheapo but those two amounts are a far cry from $18.
I wanted an extra 10X13 picture.
It was $18 extra, no problem.
She told me it would be free if i got the $450 package.
UMMMMM No Thankies.
I think I will stick with kicking out an extra 18 bucks.
Once she realized I was not going to buy those expensive packages, her whole demeanor changed and she was pretty dismissive.
She didn't even look me in the eye when she handed the pictures over to me.
I have had other businesses do the same thing when I came in with a  Groupon or Living Social deal.
They have to realize that these deals are to introduce the public to their company.
If we like the service, we will probably be back.
But if you get shitty when you realize you weren't going to make commission ,  you are going to turn potential return business away.
So my advice is be as nice as you can be, treat your customers how you would want to be treated.
Its all about first impressions.
If you do this, you will probably get return business.
Families like their portraits done at least once a year.
Hello!!!!
I did like how fast they had the pictures ready.
They were done in about 15 minutes.
So in the end, it started off great, the pushy sales staff left a bitter taste in my mouth.
I might consider going there again for the Living Social or Groupon deal.

Been here a few times for family pictures, pre-baby pictures (for my wife, not me..hehe), baptismal pictures and Holiday pictures.
This place is nice and convenient to get to.
Just park by Kohls or Dillards.
All the photographers and staff are nice, but the photographer that we liked was Joe.
He took our son's baptismal pictures.
He has a great personality and was awesome with our son.
We plan on having him take our pictures everytime we go there.
This place always has coupons in the mailer and you get more coupons after your session.

We had our family pictures done this past Sunday.
It started out as a terrible experience.
We had a 1:30 appoint.
When we arrived we were told it would be 30 to 45 mins before we could get into a studio.
No apology for the delay.
They were to call us on our cell when they were ready.
We walked around the mall and came back 30 mins later.
When we walked in a girl behind the desk said we called you but no one answered.
We received no call and had no missed call and by the look on her face it looked as though she forgot about us and wanted to make it our fault.
Again no apology.
We waited another 15 mins and then were brought into a studio.
This is when our experience took a definite turn for the better.
Joe our photographer was great!!!
He was apologetic for the delay and immediately offered us 2 complimentary photo sheets for our inconvienance.
He then did the photo shoot and was a true pro.
The photos turned out great.
We viewed our photos after the shoot and got the upselling pitch.
The girl (don't remember her name) definitely had her pitch down and was doing her job but it seemed robotic and scripted.
Felt as though we should have received Ginzu knives or a bamboo steamer with our photos.
Wasn't real personal but again she was doing what she was suppose to do.
If it wasn't for Joe we would never return to The Picture People but because of him and the reasonable rates we will definitely use their services again.
We will be requesting Joe.
Somebody give this guy a raise, he is your biggest asset.

My wife and I went to this Picture People studio a few years ago and absolutely hated the experience.
I mean it was terrible!
The photographer looked upset and lacked any emotion.
The pictures came out terrible.
Since that day I never really had the intention to ever come back.
We had to update our family portrait.
Just recently a groupon was offered at a great price.
I bought the groupon and booked the appointment with some hesitation.
When we arrived to the studio we waited longer than expected but I understood this was normal given it's before Christmas.
We were greeted by the photographer named Kelsey.
She had a big smile and ushered us back to the studio.
I have 2 small children a 1 year old and a 3 year old.
Needless to say I was very nervous.
As we set up the pictures Kelsey blew us away.
She had a great attitude and made the girls smile.
She was patient and worked well the children.
She didn't put us in awkward poses.
She kept a big smile the whole time.
The pictures came out great!
We ended up purchasing all of the photos.
I am sol glad I gave Picture People another chance.
I made sure to tell the manager of the store how awesome she was.
The manager said she had to "clean house.
"  I am assuming that meant she got rid of the lifeless zombie photographers.
If you are looking for some fast family portraits then check out Picture People.
I don't give out 5 stars a lot.
I have to say never expected the experience this new staff provided.
So go and book your appointment.
Cheers!

HORRIBLE experience!
Everyone working there is about 17 and doesn't have a clue what the hell they are doing.
To top it off they lost most of our pics!
Do NOT have your pictures taken here!!!!

Picture people did an great job on my daughters' first pics.
Shandra was our photographer and she really took her time and got soooo many beautiful pics.
Michelle Helped us pick out a package and gave us a coupon that saved us over $100.
I'll be back every holiday!

They overbook customers, so we ended up a very long wait time and poorly done, rushed photo session.
On top of that, they were totally unprofessional about it, we were never told a time when our session would actually start.
So we ended up waiting an hour and a half after our after our scheduled time, with 3 bored little kids, when we could have been walking around the mall.
After our session, we had to wait an additional hour and a half, so they could download pictures which should take a maximum of 30 minutes.
Then another hour and a half to print them (again a maximum of 30 minutes).
During our huge wait time we got to be witness to an argument between the staff and a customer because they deleted this poor woman's family photos off of a camera's memory card.
Did I mention the staff is not professional?

Joe was great over the phone when making my appointment and even told me about the  Groupon.
Elle was nice too even tho I can see the frustration (from being so busy) in her and I thought she would have had an attitude when I checked in but when she looked up and greeted me she put a smile on her face and continued to be kind and helpful.
Our photographer was a preggo chick but I didn't get her name.
She was very nice but very exhausted.
Poor lady!
The staff ran around like chickens with their heads cut off although all were very nice.
I never saw a manager in sight.
They really need a receptionist or extra help for the holidays.
It's not like they can't afford it because their stupid packages cost about $200 and up with no coupons.
So wtf?!?!
So... my appt was set for 7:20 pm (you have to do a late appt when bringing a pet) and we arrived just on the dot at 7:20 pm.
I checked in with Elle and told me that it would be a 30 to 45 min wait.
We sat there and waited because we couldn't walk around the mall with my dog.
Nothing like watching each group go in one by one and counting who was here before you hoping that it's your turn next.
Finally, it's 9ish and we get called back.
Our photographer was just exhausted and I could tell she was huffing and puffing, again, poor lady!
Haha I tried to help carry the props her because she shouldn't be lifting a finger!
I swear we only spent like 20 or maybe 30 min with her and 99% of the time her flash was working.
It wasn't until the end when she decided to switch for a new camera.
I felt she only snapped about 8 photos (I haven't counted my pictures but it's not many).
I didn't want to ask for more cause I felt bad that she's tired and we're pooped from waiting.
My hair was flat, my dog was bored, my husband was anxious and my baby was tired and cranky by that time.
They were offering two free sheets to those who would come back the following day to view their photos.
I took up on the offer because that's what worked out for me since I wanted to get the family home.
So I came back Tuesday during my lunch hour and waited another 20 min to just view them.
Then I was told to wait another 30 for printing.
I said I'd come back for them after work.
Pick up was a breeze.
Finally put in my overly priced high resolution disc and the shit was BLANK!
I brought it back the next day (it's now Wednesday!
) AND I had to wait for a good 30 min to get my replacement.
I didn't get to see the manager, no apologies and or compensation!
Look.
I didn't even want to go here to begin with, especially because it's too "posey" and (did I mention) how ridiculously the price is but it was a last minute thing.
And I had the $18 coupon but had it not been for the Groupon.
I didn't want to miss out on not being able to capture a family photo before my little gets too big.
With that being said, I really just wanted it on a disc for my holiday cards BUT she only took 8 photos for my 80 dollar disc with only 2 good pictures!
I'm highly annoyed with the entire process and somewhat cheated!
Don't waste your money and time!
You'll just end up with old-school-posey with cranky kids and not so good looking pictures.
Hire a pro photographer instead where you will have ample time, different scenery, editing incl.
or what not and get more bang for your buck.
Learned my lesson.
No more studio photos.
Going back to my photographer, Chelsea Nicole!
Definitely check out her work.

The pictures were taken we'll but the photographer decided to put a huge over sized hat on my 9 month old making the picture look horrible!
He took other poses without the hat though so I did get some good ones.
Then when they were printing our pictures the machine broke.
We only got to take home one picture and it was a little damaged!!!
When we went back to pick up the rest of the pics we asked if we could get a new one for the one that was damaged!
They said we had to have proof!!!
There machine was broken!
Clearly we're not lying.
It's ridiculous we had to come back and get our pictures in the first place!!!
I will never come back to this cheap skate place again!!!

Came here to take photos of my 2 girls and didn't start off great because no one was at the counter to greet.
Gave it a pass due to giving a few minutes for maybe them being a little busy.
The photography session went pretty well with the exception of my 2 month old not cooperating.
Lol.
But of course you can't expect too much from a 2 month old.
Overall, the session went well.
Pictures came out great.
There were a few tiny obstructions in my daughters face but the staff were quickly able to photoshop those obstructions away.
We ended up picking the $200 package that included 5 sheets of any size, the photo cd and a frame.
What made it even better was they gave us an additional 25 photos for $18 which is currently their promotion at the moment.
In addition, Joe and Breanna were very helpful.

Got there at 3:15, appointment was at 3.
Yes I'm late, but yes I have a terrible 2 child.
Also, started to call the place at 2:45 to tell them I'd be late and ask if they'd still take me.
NOBODY answers the phone here.
Upon arriving, there were three families in the waiting area, after a couple minutes the girl comes out to ring someone up.
She greets me an I tell her "I had an appointment at 3".
She says, "we'll it's now 3:20, and you have people in front of you.
I'm sorry I'm here by myself and the other photographer is taking the bus to get here.
If you want to wait around we will try and squeeze you in".
This was the only day I could take care of these photos.
So I decided to wait.
All the while seeing families go in and HEARING THE PHONE RING NON-STOP.
They definitely need a receptionist , maybe the manager is a cheap turd.
But this lady was by herself until 5!
Which was when I got seen.
Only took about 8 photos of my little one, because my daughter was tired after that point.
Did get a free sheet of photos , but ultimately not worth the wait.

