I see Dr. Courtney Ross here and have nothing but positive things to say.
I saw another doctor here (Tamika Boulware) previous but she moved locations - it was too far me to continue to see her, as well as expensive.
While I like to keep the same doctor, there was just no way.
So, I tried this place again and was even more impressed than before.
Wait time is pretty short unless they get walk-in emergencies, but they really try to stick to their schedule.
It's kind of in a weird area, but traffic isn't terrible and it's convenient for me.
Dr. Ross has some of the best bedside manner I have had the luck of experiencing.
She remembers little quirks and personal things, makes you feel super comfortable, and is very empathetic.
I absolutely love seeing her and have never had a bad experience with her.
In this town, that's a big deal - finding a good doctor can be next to impossible.
The fee without insurance is $50 - reasonable for me since I am currently uninsured.
I had to go several times in one month to check up on something and, while it did add up to a decent amount in the short-time I am still saving on what I was paying on insurance monthly because I don't often go to the doctor.
It works out well for me in my current insurance-less situation.
-:)

I found out that Dr. Ross left (only being there 6 months to boot...), I found a new doctor there that is just as great - Dr. Amanda Thistle.
This is the third (and hopefully final) doctor I've seen there due the the first two no longer working there.
That kind of annoys me but all the doctors have been great at least.

LOVE Dr. Daliah Wachs at Integrated Family Medicine.
She listens - doesn't throw antibiotics and other medicines at you.
She's totally open to natural remedies and super knowledgable.
Her radio show at night is funny too - I listen almost every night and I always learn something.

dr, dahlia wachs is nice its because she wants u to come back to charge insurance like crazy ridiculous, my husband insurance finally dropped them, for over charging our insurance,, they start recommending and referring to friends other physicians youll receive all kind of bills in mail,

I am so severely disappointed in this office that I now have the mental backing to confirm my distrust of most medical practitioners.
I've been having this sharp pain in my arm near my shoulder.
Because it's my left arm, I've been a bit freaked out that it might have something to do with my heart, even though I have no chest pain.
Regardless, I made an appointment for Saturday and explained my symptoms with the expectation that I could get bloodwork done.
My sister, who had also been to this office, informed me that I would need to fast that day or would need to do bloodwork another day.
I get to this office at 8:17 for my 9:00 appointment, fill out all the paperwork and then pay my $25.00 co-pay.
The woman that brought me back to get my height, weight and blood pressure was extremely pleasant, but then I was brought back to a room where a woman named Allison came to attend to me.
Straightaway, she seemed to be incredibly agitated.
I went through my symptoms with her and when she gave me instructions (like when she listened to my heartbeat with her stethoscope) she was very brusque.
If I had to compare the medical industry with something like customer service, I'd say that most people in the medical field should be expected or required to carry a margin of bedside manner.
I had already explained to the woman before Allison that I hadn't been to a doctor in fifteen years and Allison did nothing to squash my lingering fear.
She heightened it.
So, after I was received by the pleasant attitude of Allison, she informed me that bloodwork wasn't done in their office on Saturdays, but she could do an X-Ray.
I had already informed them that my fear was something being wrong with my heart, but you want to do an X-Ray?!
I'm an administrative assistant and even I know that's wrong...and I don't want myself or my insurance to pay for pointless tests.
Furthermore, had the receptionist informed me that bloodwork wasn't done on Saturdays or had there been an office sign stating such, I would have turned and walked away BEFORE paying my co-pay.
So, I paid $25.00 to sit in an office, fill out paperwork for an office that just needs to shred my file and be treated like I'm nothing.
Once again, thanks for this experience!

Very disappointed... Dr. Daliah Wachs is very sweet & professional but the medical stuff seems to be overwhelmed.
My insurance needs referral to any specialist that I want to see but the medical staff doesn't seem to know how to send/submit them.
The first 2 times I received bills from 2 separate specialist, I had to deal with them on my own with my insurance company..calling..tracking..& followed up to make sure the referrals were properly send.
This is the 3rd time where I was turned away by a specialist because Dr. Wachs' medical staff are incompetent, overwhelmed, or simply just "too busy" to do their jobs.
It is very frustrating & I am considering switching to a different doctor.

The first few times I went there i would've given them 4 stars.
.. but after that it just went down hill.
Even with an appointment u are still waiting at least 30 min to an hour before the doctor sees u.
So what's the point of an appointment then?
Then the doctor you've been seeing is no longer with them anymore.
So u get stuck with a new doctor that judges u for getting a prescription that u need and judges u because some ppl in Vegas work weird hours like I do.
So what's the issue if i work late and get off at 2 in the morning?
Does that make me a drug addict?
No it doesn't.
But it makes for one really awkard doctors  appointment.
And this was the final straw.
Call them to get results for blood work and get put on hold for 10 minutes only for them to tell me to ball back the next day.
I call again and they put me on hold AGAIN for 15 minutes only for them to tell me that they have to call me back because they can't access the file room.
Seriously?
What are they doing that the file room is bz?
I don't get it.
And then to call them for the next 2 days to be given the run around again.
No answers to my blood results but more excuses as to why they cannot access the file room.
Then the kicker?
They called me 3 weeks after they were supposed to call 5 times on 5 different days even after I explained to them nicely the first 2 times that I already received my results.
Get your stuff together staff!
No need to continuously bother your customers for no reason!!
Won't be back.
And if i were u, I wouldn't either.

THIS PLACE IS AWFUL, UNORGANIZED AND NOT FRIENDLY.
I went to this facility after I was in a car accident and received sub-par treatment.
Additionally, after I ceased treatment, I was sent on a six month long nightmare battle with the billing department.
I was sent to collections twice after personally paying bills, my med-pay satisfying bills, etc.
I eventually had to physically go to the location and send a huge copy of bills/received payment, etc.
to the collections agency.
DO NOT TAKE YOUR BUSINESS TO THIS LOCATION UNLESS YOU ARE INTERESTED IN RISKING YOUR CREDIT AND SANITY.

BEWARE!
Just got a collections notice from a service from 5 years ago - only moved a year ago and was in their office many times between this service and this notice.
Tried to contact office to clear it up.
Have paid every other bill over the years, but that didn't matter.
This was my first notice received and am willing to pay original amount (less additional charges) but billing dept at Dr Wachs says no... won't even take message to Dr. Wachs to ask for reasonable review.
Office won't talk to me or give me details on what was performed because they turned it over to collections.
Collections doesn't have my details, just total amount (that has since tripled in fees and interest).
The fact that it was 5 years ago when the service was performed and they are just trying to "rebill" my (no-longer) insurance provider?!...
of course it will be denied, but now I can't get the information needed to even try have insurance cover it.
The only option they leave you unless you want to have your credit impacted is to pay the bill...
This is criminal practice - of course I don't have paperwork after 5 years and office won't give me anything?
It felt like the slimiest shakedown and most unethical approach I have ever dealt with.
When you try to reason with unreasonable practice policies like these, all you can do is recommend to RUN AWAY FROM EVER USING THIS PRACTICE!

I can't give a zero star review because it won't let me.
I'm writing this while I'm waiting in the exam room.
Called, received a 1130am appt.
Arrived by 1115am, it's 1230pm and still haven't been seen.
All I need is a new prescription for my allergies.

And THEN Dr. Amanda Thistle was no longer there.
It became Kerstin Margiotti, which is who I saw sometime around January or February '13.
Apparently she left in June 2013 after swearing up and down to me she'd be there for quite some time.
This practice is a joke.
Go elsewhere.

If I where ever sick I would die before going back here !!
The doctor I saw was really nice but didn't do anything for me but say to come back in a week!
I had a dam cold!!
Anyway I didn't go back and was told by the lady at the front it would be $50 with no insurance well now months later I'm getting a call wanting $270!!!
For what ?
Just to see there worthless doctor ??
Don't go here it's a rip off !!!
They lie !

AVOID this place like the plague because that is EXACTLY what it is.
I had been going here for over four years and I have never had a problem until last time I went in.
I was at the front desk trying to explain my insurance to the front desk because she was trying to collect more than my copay, I told her that I had an executive plan in which case a third party company picks up my deductible there for I do not have a deductible.
This sent the front desk into complete panic mode.
I explained that I have been going there for four years and had the same insurance and never had a problem before.
Out of no where I hear another women's voice from the back saying that I must not understand my plan.
I understand it completely inside and out because I have been in the medical industry for years plus the fact that I haven't had any changes and they have been getting paid fine for four years.
The next thing I know this very confrontational man steps out and says that he would like me to step into the back because he doesn't want me talking to the front desk about this at the front, I thought it was off putting but I wasn't going to stand there and argue that as well.
So I went into the back with this man I tried explaining to him I had been a good patient for four years and never had problems before this time, he argued with me and said I didn't understand my plan and that I should just pay what they wanted me to.
He was getting kind of loud and aggressive so I said you know "ive been alot of places with this insurance and I have never had problems with providers getting paid".
He said well if you have been to other offices go there then and he walked away!
I was like what a douche-canoe!!!
If I was a man I would beat the complete and utter shit out of him for talking to me like that.
I cannot convey the rage in his voice as if I was trying to rip him off or something.
So I called and asked whom the man was that I just spoke with it turns out it was Corey Wachs and he is the OWNER!
Once I was told that I was like ohhh thats why your business is failing its because he runs the joint what a fucking shame people like him are allowed to care for patients.

Went there years ago and it was great.
Never had a problem.
Went in today and the office looked run down and unprofessional.
I was just there for a prescription refill.
After showing the Dr. my prescription bottles of very mild mediction she refused to give me the full thing saying she wasn't sure how I'd react.
I've been taking these for over two years after getting these original prescriptions from specialists.
I know what works best for me and I had proof with the bottles as well as my medical records.
She continued to talk to me like I had no idea how or when to take them.
She made me feel like I was some kind of addict.
She recommended something else and I said no because I don't like the "high" feeling from other medications for my condition.
I would never recommend them to anyone again ever.

This place is a one of the worst medical offices I have ever been too.
I rather go sit at a umc quick care and wait for an hour or two then come here again.
The staff are horrible and extremely rude.
The physician her self is never there and has PA's running the office who have no clue what their doing.
I will never recommend this practice to anyone!
Sorry excuse for a family medicine office!

Dr. Wachs is held back by a terrible staff...front desk person is very unfriendly and acts annoyed when you call or show up.
The office is very unprofessional, messy and unorganized.
I like her as a Doctor, but am ready to find someone else.

Poor service when it comes to scheduling.
Based on great reviews I tried to call today to make appointment for my daughter.
Was put on hold for 15mins them hung up on.
Called back told the girl I was on hold and was hung up on so guess what she does?
Puts me on hold again.
Wanted to give them a shot but if scheduling gives bad customer service how is the service in the office?
So hard to find a good family doctor in this town.

Licensed staff seemed fine and listened.
Rest of the staff is worthless although to be fair they seem to be understaffed and overworked.
Hung up three times after being on hold between 20-30 minutes each.
Now on the 4th time call and they at least picked up the phone and acknowledged my wait 20 minutes into call but I am going on almost 40 minutes on hold... and still holding.
I wish I had a 4 hour drive to be sitting here on hold for.
Got x-rays to bring to specialist that I finally got referral to only to have a blank disc, went back and they still couldnt figure out how to get it printed.
Only reason I even go to this place is for specialist referrals and last time I went a year ago, I gave up.
Went again this year for another problem and tried again to get referrals to follow up on issues I still had pending from last year and gave up.
Definitely going to be looking for a new primary care practice after getting through these immediate issues.

I have been going to Dr. Daliah for 10 years now.
I love her!
I've never had a problem with the staff or scheduling.
Its a doctors office, you go in and have to wait a bit, you never know what is going on behind the scenes or what kind of issues have come up with previous patients.
People need to learn some patience in waiting rooms.
Dr. Daliah is a great doctor who tells it like it is and never has a problem with getting me a referral or medication, if needed.
She listens well and has always been super helpful!
I will keep going here for years to come!

I have to agree with the majority of the reviews here.
This place does not even warrant a star.
I will say the staff was very apologetic, but Dr. D Wachs bedside manner is HORRIBLE!!!
I do not care what type of radio show she has the patients are customers that keeps her in business.
As a referral from another doctors office I will let them know that Dr. Wachs is not worth the referral.

