We got one reclining lounge seat and loved it so much went to get another.
We were devastated to find out the color was discontinued with in 8 months.
We were told they could order it since someone found some left over material.
The new couch was financed even though it wouldn't be here for 8 weeks.
Then the next day lazy boy said we needed to put down 1/3 in cash (600) for a guarantee or we couldn't have the coach.
I explained that I don't think that's fair because we are getting a discontinued product.
So we didn't order a new coach

Hubs and I went in there to check out what they had.
I felt like the lady who approached us was judging us and kept saying if we really wanted to look around, since we can order online.
After I told her that I'd still like to walk around, she asked what I needed.
When I said I was looking for a bedroom set, she told us that it would cost about $5000 and if we still wanted to look around.
Excuse me?
Who are you to judge if I can afford it or not.
I felt unwelcome and didn't feel like this place was worth my money or time.

The BF and I wanted to browse furniture stores and see what we can find nearby our house before spreading out through the valley.
This isn't a spot known to have contemporary style, but ranges from traditional/old fashioned to classic.
I'm okay with classic so long as it's quality which La-Z seems to have a reputation of.
I can give the room some flair through accessorizing it.
We are in the market for a couch and found a leather sectional that could work well for us.
The guy helping us was non pushy about the way they were selling and describing items, gave us some space to browse too and wrote up a sheet for us with all the info in case it was what we went for.
I cannot remember his name because I'm horrible at them, but it's a guy with a southern accent from Florida.
He definitely has good customer service and answered all our questions.
They were having a 36 hour sale that ended the next day at noon and with it being one of our first stops we were not ready to jump the gun on something having seen only this store.

We went there wanting furniture for a sitting room in our new house.
We weren't really sure what we wanted...... That's when we got lucky.
We talked to the manager and told him our situation and he set us up with Nancy.
She was a God send!
She came and measured our space, put together some great layout ideas and fabric ideas.
She was very patient with us (we aren't the quickest decision makers) and we couldn't be happier with the room.
She got us to step outside of our normal style choices a little and we're so glad she did.
She even came when they delivered and helped set up the room the way we discussed.
Pictures on the wall and everything.
It was a great experience, one we wouldn't mind doing again.

