Customer service is great, just as you expect at any other Starbucks location.
Restrooms are pretty clean and they have an average sized indoor seating area.
My favorite part,...
So I hate the sun but love sitting outdoors, sounds dumb right?
lol Well that's me, I like to sit out in the shade, not in direct sunlight and this location has exactly what I look for in a coffee shop as far as outdoor seating is concerned, covered seating area and not umbrellas to rely on :)

The drive thru can be a bit of a wait in the mornings, but it is on my way to work!
Service has always been outstanding and who can beat a Caramel Frap or an iced Green Tea for a hot or cold day?
I do have to say that 3-5 bucks for Starbucks definitely adds up and if you decide to get a banana nut bread or something you can go broke eventually.
It's a chain, but a good chain.

I made a quick stop here after visiting a neighbor in Southern Hills Hospital.
The staff was great - very personable, quick, and competent.
I had no pastry, but they had a nice selection.
This is out of my way for stopping more often, but if I'm in the neighborhood, I certainly wouldn't drive by without stopping in.

Marty the manager is always super friendly and makes a mean Carmel Macchiato

Unfortunately, as much as I L O V E Starbucks, I can not give this particular one more than two stars.
Actually Id like to give it one but thats somewhat contradictory to my love for Starbucks in general.
So its a two.
And why you might ask.... well I have written another Starbucks accolade here on Yelp and it is in regards to the use of venti or trenta cups for something other than a venti or trenta drink.
I love green tea, but have you ever gotten the really dark color one that looks like they made it last night and are now serving it to you today?
Tea that is so dark and strong I dont like very much.
If I did I would order black instead if green.
Anyways, so I always order a grande green tea in a Trenta cup (at my starbucks on Rainbow).
However, the Fort Apache Starbucks complained about how expensive the cups are for the Trenta (may I remind you that the refills are 50 cents and I do bring my own cup in most of the time) and told me I could not have a grande in a trenta for this reason.
Somehow this doesnt seem logical to me.
They want to charge me 2.90 something for water and ice ----- however you can get a trenta sized ice water for free???
excuse me?
Nevermind, Rainbow said theyd give it to me in a trenta anytime I want ;)

I've never had my drink orders messed up more often that I do at this particular location.
I'm not ordering complex things either, just simple menu items with either non-fat or soy milk.
But so often I get handed something that's a bit off.
They also don't seem to prepare enough pastries in the morning, because 90% of the time by the time I arrive around 9ish the few items that I usually like are long gone.
Whereas every other location still has an ample supply.
So that is pretty annoying.
Also the drive-thru line's construction is pretty short, thou the line can get so long it winds into the parking lot blocking off the normal traffic flow.
Sucks because this location is the closest one to my house, but with all the mistakes, lack of pastries, and the ridiculous lines, I have been driving a few miles further one direction or another in order to hit a different store.

Best Starbucks on the west side!!

Easy 4 stars.
Have never had a problem at this location.
Clean shop with good service.
Venti Soy Carmel Macchiato No Whip.
Grab your drink and keep the line moving!

Best Starbucks location in Vegas.
I've been a customer for years.

been here several times people are nice pastries are good except brown sugar walnut cookies   service is fast  never had a mistake on my order   only based on my 30 or so visits

Good Starbucks.
They know my unique order almost every time.
They are friendly most of the time.
Faster then normal drive thru.
Karen is the best in the drive thru!
No complaints.

I'm writing this bad review on principle.
We were in the area for DW Bistro and decided to spend our 30-minute wait at Starbucks.
I ordered some sort of passion iced tea and then stood aside as I patiently waited.
A couple who ordered after me seemed to be good friends with the barista and they got both of their drinks ahead of me.
OK not a big deal.
But then another customer also received his drink before mine showed up.
At that point, I decided to get closer to the counter.
Finally, the barista puts down some sort of iced drink in front of me.
I didn't catch the name, but it looked like it could be mine, so I grabbed it and took a few sips.
At that point, the barista asks the next customer if he was waiting for a drink.
It turns out that I had grabbed his.
I put it back down and tell her I've been waiting for my drink for a while.
She then promptly hands me my iced tea.
Where was that 5-10 minutes ago?
I apologize for the long journey with no payoff.
I'm not sure why my drink took so long, but they didn't seem to care and offered no apologies.
Similarly, I felt no remorse about taking someone else's drink and forcing them to make him another.
I also feel no remorse for giving this Starbucks a one-star review.

The staff was great - very personable, quick, and competent.
It's Starbucks- I got exactly what I expected.
No complaints.

Much quicker to go in and order than wait in your car.

Staff at this location don't seem to be friendly at all.
Been to this location few times and stopped going.
They just seem cold heartless robots so we stopped going to this location.

Drive Thru can get a little long (like with all Starbucks...) but the inside is pretty quick.
Everyone is very friendly!

I am not an adventurous coffee or tea drinker.
I like it strong and black.
Do not alter or dilute the flavor of a good coffee or tea with additives.
Starbucks does not have the best coffee.
They tend to always have that over roasted, almost burnt flavor to their blend.
What I do like about this location is the seating.
Time to recuperate was a necessity after a rough brunch.
A chill in the air during mini golf helped the process, but a hot drink with a punch was needed to sober us all up.
We spent almost three hours camping out at a table discussing various matter and never felt like we needed to get up.
When a coffee shop can accommodate campers, it is a plus.

Came for sobering Yelperazzi after brunch at DW.
I ordered a soy vanilla rooibos tea latte which was pretty good and not too sweet at all.
My only thing is it would have been nice if they put more soy in it than they did.
Customer service was fast enough.
The seats were plenty enough and standard.
It served us well for chatting though.
When among friends 3 hours can just zoom.
There wasn't really anything that "stood out" for this experience compared to other Starbucks.
That's a good or bad thing depending on the person that it's the same everywhere.
(Yelp 100 Challenge 20/100)

I love Starbucks but not particularly this location.
I frequent this location because it's closest to my home, but there are so many things that bother me about it.
1) It's always freezing here, bring a jacket.
I've complained to the staff and they tell me their thermostat has never worked properly.
At least they are nice about it, but not much they can do.
2) There's a crazy man who frequents here.
He talks to himself and talks about other customers under his breath.
It's rude and he talks loud enough that everyone around can hear what he's saying.
I've come close to punching him out a few times..
Thank God it hasn't come to that yet.
3) I've been coming here 5 or more days a week for nearly a year now.
I'm happy to say the staff has recently learned my name.
The drinks are good, the staff is helpful, and they have a drive thru.
But I wouldn't recommend stopping if there's another Starbucks on your way.

First time I went:  Meh.
Not great, not bad.
Just okay.
Second time I went:  Really?
We were standing there waiting and you didn't tell us our drinks were ready.
Bad customer service mojo.
Third time I went:  Meh again.
At least this time I was told when my drink was ready and the cashier was nice enough.
There's a better one up the street on Ft. Apache & Tropicana.
Just a few blocks away.
Go there instead.

I tried coming here at 7am on a weekday which was bad, huge line made me come back on a Saturday at which time I ordered a cookie crunch machiatto frap, I was interested in a Cap'N Crunch Frap, but I didn't have the recipe on-hand since it's from the secret menu so I opted out of that order since the girl didn't know it off the top of her head since she said alot of people come in with new secret menu orders, so it wasn't a big deal but the cookie frap I got wasnt bad, but a little too much ice blended in so it lost a bit of the flavor.

Fast service.
Great drinks

I like Starbucks.
This one let me down.
My bf got me my favorite drink and sandwich as a surprise breakfast.
The drink is good.
Iced passion tea with apple juice and no sweetener.
But the sandwich... Wtf.
It's supposed to be a roasted tomato, spinach, & mozzarella panino.
It's 90% bread.
And although the bread is fine...
The sandwich itself is disappointing.
I've had better from starbeezy.
I would add my own cheese and spinach to it if I could but because we just moved, I don't think I have either anymore.
Bummer.

I come here everyday, order the SAME drink and they still don't know my name and act confused with my drink at times getting it wrong.
It's very annoying.
Also when I come with family or friends they ask "is that it" after every drink, when they should say "what else can I get for u?
" Which opens opportunity for up selling and is polite.
Manage should know this...
I used to be a supervisor there.
The baristas make no effort for small talk, I would def be nicer and tip if they were nicer to me.

I would give this place no stars.
Yesterday, I came to order a hot marble mocha machiatto in the morning just before going into work.
They repeated my order twice and even said it again when handing me my machiatto.
When I got to work, it was completely dark and it read mocha.
I just left it sitting for hours and then after my shift, I went back and complained about the mess up.
They quickly fixed it and it had tasted great.
Today, I ordered the same marble mocha machiatto again.
It read " white mocha " so I figured it was correct, since sometimes they ring it up like that.
I got home and it was completely dark again and tasted just like mocha.
Just because they say its the right order, do they even know what exactly they are giving us?
I am very disappointed and have just wasted more money.

iced green tea... all year long!

Great as always.
I love the PSL....
This location has lots of seating inside and out.
Drive thru is always super busy  Great location!
Only issue is the music is much too loud for a coffee shop.
It should just be background music.
Not so loud.

This location is a hit or miss, which can be said about all Starbucks locations.
And I'm talking about my drink accuracy really.
I frequent this one because it's the closest to my house and my pit stop before I hit the freeway.
Service is, okay.The baristas taking my order through the drive-thru usually sound rushed, but at least with a friendly tone.

If I could give zero stars I would!!
My husband and I both got food poisoning from this location!!!
We both ate breakfast sandwiches and both suffered greatly, to the point that I had to miss work and go to the hospital!
We called and got an " I'm Sorry" then wrote in and got offered a $20 GC, ( no thanks) and now am waiting on a regional director for further details.
It's really awful what there lack of care put us through!!!
Update: regional offered us another gift certificate to Starbucks.... Um no thanks.

I will give this FApache location zero star .
I use Starbucks 5 times a week,   I went this morning to order toll mocha n baked cake.
I requested to make ex ex ex hot, they didn't make hot enough.
I check my receipt when I was waiting my coffee , they charge me grande size which is $1 overcharge .
I ask sever but she told me to go cashier, so I need wait another 5 min after I got coffee.
Almost I gave up n leave the store he open 2nd register for me.
Service is very bad compare to other Starbucks.

I've been going to this Starbucks for years and have never had a complaint until now.
I ordered the vanilla machaito, but I wanted it blended.
The girl told me that I couldn't have it that way.
Ummm, why not?
There's a sign right behind you that says, "Make It You Way", or something like that.
So why couldn't I get a blended vanilla machaito?
I don't know if the girl was just being lazy or what, and I was on my way to work so I didn't bother to argue this out with her.
Instead I ordered a vanilla bean frap with two shots.
I finally got it, after more than five minutes of waiting when there was only one person before me.
I tasted it as I walked out and it was disgustingly sweet.
Too sweet.
So not only was I disappointed for the second during this visit, now I'm just annoyed by the whole experience overall.
I'm hoping my next visit will be better.
I'm giving them one more shot before I head down to the one at Ft Apache and Trop instead.

This location is very busy but the staff was very attentive and the service was very fast.
Internet was free at this location and the speeds were fast enough for me to upload some pics from my phone to Facebook in less than a  minute.
You have to try out their cool lime refreshers.

This location constantly messes up my order.
When I do ask them to fix it, they do it with an attitude.
Actually, they take my order with an attitude as well.
I'm never satisfied with the location.
I went today and Michael was the guy in the drive thru.
Did not smile once and gave me a sluggish attitude no matter how cheerful I was to him.
If you don't want to work there, don't.
Or step it up Michael.
People like happy people.
Another thing; they never apologize or offer any kind of sympathy for making the wrong order.

My go-to Starbucks near my office.
It's just 55 seconds away.
The drive thru line can really get out of hand but it moves along pretty fast.
They never mess up on my order.
And nothing negative to say about the staff.
Usually they are eager to help.
Coming out of Starbucks to turn left Onto Fort Apache again can get pretty crazy.
The 2 way stop is ridiculous.
If you're there during a pretty busy time you'll be waiting at that stop for a while.
I suggest putting a 4 way stop.
But that has nothing to do with Starbucks.
Just ranting.

Great location and the staff is super helpful and friendly!!
Had a list and they took it in stride.
Great job.

The best Starbucks in the southwest for the mornings.
My roommate and I live right in between this one and the one on flamingo and we prefer this one.
Karen is such a joy in the morning she always has a happy presence and is very very sweet!
The drive thru is quick, I've waited max time about 10 minutes at 830am on a weekday.
They all work very well as a team with efficiency and precision.
Everyone always has a smile on their face and it's just a very happy Starbucks to visit.

