I have been here several times for medical reasons and always been greeted so cheerfully by the receptionist....I give her a 4 star customer service award!
What bothered me was the technician that did my mammogram.
She asked if I drank coffee or soda?
I said to her, no, I drink tea.
She proceeded to tell me how tea has the same caffeine as coffee and how it has the same affects; etc.
All the while I am looking at her thinking, she asked me if I drank coffee or soda....not tea.
She doesn't even know what kind of tea I drank.
Why is she lecturing me... weird....She bugged me....so..to her I give her a 2 star.

Very friendly and professional

Very friendly, professional and timely service.
I was told I'd be seen at 9 o'clock and they whisked me back to the MRI tube at precisely 9.
My technician was very friendly and helpful.

Went in for a chest X-ray and I think I only waited about 15-20 mins tops.
But I did go in around 8 am.
Place looked nice and clean and the overall experience was pretty good.
I went in thinking I was going to be there for hours since X-rays are only walk ins and no appts.

Today, Nov. 25, 2013, is not quite good.
Staff is not well trained doing or preparing paper works.
She needs more training I hope.
Before you call the patient, please double check your paper works.
It's tiring to wait and we were exhausted.
My husband was very tired.
He did not eat all night and day.
It is very disappointing today.

The admissions  can be nice and efficient.
Got to catch them on a good day.
The techs are all nice and accommodating.
And we hope the docs are well trained.

I got sent here for some X - Rays.
Its kind of hard to find.
You have to head to the very rear of the parking lot and it's located by the PT's bar in the back.
Staff was very friendly and there is a TV in the waiting room.
They take walk in's so no appointment was needed.
But at around 10pm when I got there the place was packed.
I waited around 30 min before they called my name.
But once I was called the process went quick.
I liked that they have locations in most major areas around the valley.
Plus for one close to where I live.

