This place sends out mailer coupons so my husband took advantage of the oil change coupon he presents it to a employee and was told by the person " gawd I hate coupons" my husband was the only customer there and his truck sat untouched for 20 min he asked Another employee named Ricky why isn't he working on his truck and Ricky explains to him that he just got out of jail that morning and was not in the mood to work.
Finally he started to work on the truck and it still seemed like it was taking a long time so my husband went out to check on the progress and Ricky has all the tires off beating the brakes with a hammer!
My husband became upset and asked why his tires were off and Ricky replied it was part of the special.
My husband told him he was just in for an oil change not the $99 special and told him to put the tires back on.
Now the truck that drove perfectly straight pulls hard to the right.
I will be contacting their corp office today ... Never again will we use Just Brakes

I've used two groupons here, once for an oil change and one for the 4 wheel brake service.
The oil change was my actual first visit, but my father had brought my car there once before for brake service.
I found Ramon and the rest of the staff knowledgable and friendly.
They explained things to me, how the parts work, what the benefits are, what could happen, etc.
They're not pushy, or demanding that you get that part replaced or "you could have an accident", like i was told about my tire once before elsewhere.
I went this past week for the 4 wheel brake service groupon I had for $89.00.
Ramon actually remembered me from the first time I was there, probably because I never brought back Christmas truffles that I had forgotten about.
He asked what the issue was and I explained my brake service issue.
I told him it sings to me when I apply the brake and sounds like a cat inside my wheel scratching when I'm stopping.
I humor him.
and myself sometimes.
He took a look and told me to call Groupon back and tell them I only need the 2 wheel brake service because my front brakes are already under their lifetime warranty from when my dad brought my car in!
YAY!!
I did just that and Groupon gave me a credit to my account for the difference.
I also needed a caliper, and he took me back to show me what it should look like, and what it actually looks like.
I thought I may have needed one going in because that was the issue the last time and I was having the same sounds.
Everything was fixed, and I came back to pick up my vehicle later that day.
Everyone is friendly there, and if you have questions or doubts, just ask them.
They're not mind readers.
I'm going to have to ante up on getting them some cookies or pizza for lunch though.

Worst experience with any mechanic/auto repair shop in my entire life.
Called location on a Saturday afternoon, explained that my brakes had been squealing and were now starting to grind.
Ramon, the mechanic, asked me to bring the car by that day for an inspection and estimate.
I explained I was not able to bring it by before closing time, so he offered to come into the shop on a Sunday, even though those were not normal business hours as they were closed on Sundays.
I agreed and he told me to be at the shop by 9am.
Arrived at 9am and he put my vehicle on the lift, removed the tires, and did his inspection.
Upon completion, he gave me an estimate of nearly $1000 in repairs!
I explained to him that I would need to think it over, and I definitely wanted to get a 2nd opinion at a different mechanic.
He then asked if I would call friends or family members to pay for all the repairs and that he would take a payment over the phone.
I explained that this was very last minute and frankly I was not comfortable having $1000 worth of repairs at the drop of a hat without getting a second inspection from a different mechanic.
By this point, he was getting very hostile and irritated.
He told me he came in on his day off to check out my car and his employee's were on the clock, and that I should at least get the $99 front brake job done.
I reiterated that I wanted to wait and shop around before committing to ANY work on the car.
He began saying this whole situation was "Bullshit" and that I needed the front brakes anyways and to just get the service.
He then tried to tell me I had signed for the minimum service and I pointed out that I had only signed an "Authorization for Inspection" and the fine print clearly states it was for the purposes of an estimate only.
I had NOT signed any service agreement, nor had I agreed to service.
I explained to him that I appreciated his time for checking things out on a Sunday, however I am the consumer and I am declining any service from you at this time and need you to put my vehicle back in the condition I brought it in, and let me think about my options.
He then proceeded to break several Nevada consumer protection laws and bluntly told me "Well I am not going to do that, I can leave your car on the lift as long as I want, and leave it there overnight, shut down the shop and go home.
So what are you going to do about that?
"  I was absolutely stunned- He was literally extorting me for money and would not let my car off the lift until I agreed to let them perform the $99 brake service.
I called the police however the dispatcher kept telling me it was a "Civil Matter" and that the police would not be able to do anything about the return of my car (the cops in Vegas are just as useless as the mechanics apparently).
I explained to the dispatcher no services have been done and that I had outright REFUSED them, so this is technically theft, and I simply wanted to leave, but she still said it was not a matter the cops could solve legally.
Great.
I sat in the shop for another 30 minutes hoping Ramon would give.
He did not, so I finally caved and reluctantly had the service done and paid.
I was starting to become concerned that him and his technician were going to start sabotaging my car, which is another reason I gave in.
His behavior post-service had of course done a complete 180, and he was all sunshine and roses again.
I honestly wish I had read the reviews BEFORE even calling these scam artists, but they were literally located 2 miles from my home and I thought since I was just starting with an estimate (which I have done at many other mechanics- it's a pretty typical thing), I could get an idea of what to do after and make an informed decision.I am a cautious shopper and rarely ever jump at the first offer and ALWAYS compare pricing and results with vehicles especially.
I left feeling completely violated, like I had been held hostage and they got away with it.
So I called corporate the next day and spoke to the Just Brakes Marketing Director- they wouldn't take my call seriously until I explained that I would be proceeding with a civil case.
When I finally spoke with the MD, he agreed to give me a refund of my money, but also said I had the option of taking my car to another location and having "free" work done on the other repairs I supposedly needed.
I declined without hesitation, and told him where to send the check.
DO NOT GIVE YOUR PATRONAGE TO THIS COMPANY.
ESPECIALLY THIS LOCATION.
THEY ARE CORRUPT, UNETHICAL, AND DOWNRIGHT CRIMINAL.

