Vincent does THE BEST pink and white sets.
If you need your nails to look absolutely perfect.
See Vincent.
He's often busy so it might be difficult to just walk in for a whole new set with him.
But you can call and make an appt.
When he does my nails... they look PERFECT for at least 3 weeks.
They don't lift or chip or crack or anything.
I also get my pedicures here too... all of them do a wonderful job!
I don't play favorites with them because they all give great leg massages and are so nice and friendly.
They also have other services like waxing, eyelash extensions.

NAIL FUNGUS NAIL FUNGUS NAIL FUNGUS NAIL FUNGUS NAIL FUNGUS.
I had acrylics done every 2-3 weeks here.
When my nails started to BURN , i asked the owner to take them off.
They used a bowl of acetone to soak them off.
Then, they secretly took the bowl of acetone and DUMPED IT IN THE STREET.
Like it was INFECTIOUS!
I confronted him 3 months after i STILL had this PAINFUL yellow infection under my nails.
He demanded  I was just "ALLERGIC TO ACRYLIC" .... allergic, yes after 3 months, i am "still having an allergic reaction.
" AFTER A YEAR ( it has been a year) I am writing this...
STILL HAVE NAIL FUNGUS.
Took antibotics ( lamisil) for 45 days.
Its not cheap.
And it destroys the liver.
Dont know what to do about this.
Just filled another 60 days worth... JUST PLEASE... DONT GO HERE!
( unless you want nail fungus)

This place was dirty, pedicure tubs filthy, nail stations with previous clients nail clippings....FILTHY!
Also, I got gels there, and when I went back to my regular lady, she had to pretty much remove my natural nails to get off the previous junk that was placed on me!

I love this place!!!
I love the sense of urgency they give me when I walk in.
They know what I like and they are so friendly.
I have been going to this nail salon for almost 6 years and I find that they give the best service.
Vincent and Lily are so sweet and so are the other staff.
They are like family there and they really pay attention to what your needs are.
I can say that I use to go to random nail salons around town depending what day I feel like getting my nails done and the time.
I was hooked when I found this place and I never cheated.
I drive quite a bit to get my nails done here at Signature nails, but I like the service they give me and their politeness, which I didn't get from others.
So the drive is never a problem.
Its great to get service done with well trained, well-mannered employees.

They are the best in Henderson.
Always love my pedicure and waxing is awesome.
Yes they talk in their language but they have learned english and speak very respectfully .
They are super nice.
I only like to visit this salon  have been going for the last 6 months .
Never had a problem with fungus.
It is family run I think .
I bring all my friends  here.
Well priced too

Clean, courteous, helpful... Live this place and you don't need an appt!!
What a plus!

I've been going here for years now....
I bring my mom and my guy!
They always take care if us and its always perfect!!!
I'd send anyone here!!!
Horizon ridge location

I only come here to see Jet!
He's been doing my nails for years and i love him because he puts so much effort into the details that my pedicure will last a month!
Ask for him when you come!

I have been a loyal client of Signature Nails for the past 5 years.
Lily and Vincent are the best and really do a great job on my nails.
I recommend this place to everyone.

My mom has done nails for 20+ years and this is honestly the only place I would go besides her.
Vincent is the absolute best and I also hear the same thing about Lily!
Professional quality and service with great prices!!

After moving to Vegas and leaving my nail girl of 10 years, I found it very difficult to find her quality of nails I was accustomed too.
7 nail salons and 2 years later, I found Signature Nails and Spa.
Lilly and Vince are detail orientied, friendly and overall quality business owners.
Doing right by your client is key.
They are the best.
Highly recommended and will continue to brag about where I go :)

Went today and had my eyebrows/lip waxed.
I maintain my eyebrows at home and they are arched and when they get a bit overgrown sometimes I go to a salon for a wax.
Unfortunately this wax completely ruined the shape even though I described very well how I arch them and looking at them its very easy to tell.
They look terrible now, thin and she left a bunch of hairs on the outsides and the middle.
Don't get your eyebrows done here!!!
Expensive too.
$19 for a crappy job.

ABSOLUTELY amazing salon!
Clean, friendly,  affordable.
.. and the work is beautiful... will definately be back.
A+++

