I went to the Oakley store to try on some sunglasses.
I wasn't planning to buy anything from there as I am able to order them for cheaper elsewhere.
The saleslady was very patient and let me browse around without being a pushy salesperson.

Went in to exchange my  Holbrook lenses that aren't polarized for ones that are polarized for an extra $30.
They wouldn't accept the lenses even though they were purchased 4 days ago!!
I'm not going to do business with these people if they're going to continue with these kinds of practices.
Please take your business elsewhere so you won't have to deal with these greedy bastards.

This location is great.
Always stop in when I'm in town.
Huge selection and great customer service....music isn't that bad either

The joys of new puppies...
I have a pair of wire frame Oakleys that I have had for many years, which the puppy decided would make a good chew toy.
The frame was tweaked pretty bad, but not so bad that they did not seem repairable.
Having a chance to make it down to the Oakley store, I brought them with me and asked if there was a possibility of them being repairable, and where would I need to send them.
The friendly sales girl took the frames and lenses, went behind the counter, and while we talked with one of the sales guys, she fixed them to about 95% of perfect.
I am extremely happy with 95% perfect, as they still sit on my face level, the only problem is when they are folded.
Talking about another pair of glasses for running, they were patient, mixing and matching lens and frame combinations, to find the perfect pair for me.
My previous visit to the Oakley store in Fashion Show came with complimentary hard selling.
Town Square's Oakley store employees were personable, friendly and no pressure.

Love love love this store!
Not bc Oakley happens to be our favorite brand but the employees there are awesome!
They were extremely helpful, patient, and very friendly!
They had everything I wanted and if it wasn't on the floor they would check their back to make sure !
Great shopping experience by far and they even have my kiddos candy so I could shop in peace!
Definitely going back.
When I am in Vegas again!

