Well organized and everything was easy to find.
I finally got a CVS members card for here the other day.
Their sales with the cvs card can actually be pretty good deals sometimes.
Its near home, and I especially liked that they had a chase ATM inside.

Good service and a friendly staff.
The prices are decent, and even better if you join their shopper's club.

HORRIBLE PHARMACY!!!
If you are in a hurry or in no mood to wait for your prescription, DO NOT COME HERE!
Told me 15 mins and it's been 40.
Still counting...

Deserves a ZERO!!
This is by far the worst pharmacy I've ever dealt with.
The drive thru makes you wait up to half an hour and still isn't ready or helpful... Get out and you still wait half and hour at the counter!
No one can ever answer any questions and scripts are hardly ever ready when promised... And they aren't busy!

OMG if it wasn't for our insurance, we will never fill our prescription here!
Time in and time out they make us wait when it's our turn through the drive thru pharmacy.
When you look inside the window, most times they weren't even busy with customers!
Bad service all around.

THE WORST PHARMACY EVER!!!
If I could rate this a 0 star I would.
This pharmacy is the worst ever.
So slow and the staff doesn't seem like they even care.
I had to wait for over an hour for a transfer that my other location faxed well over 2 hours ago.
I will never come back here again.
Next time I will wait til my other pharmacy has the meds on stock - I would rather go there anyways.
These people are absolutely ridiculous!!!!!
Dreadful service ....

This is a review on their pharmacy only.
Basically I can't use their pharmacy because I was told they can not take in new clients.
I'm a disabled veteran and my medication is prescribed to me from the airforce hospital and the medication lets me have a normal life from my injures I received in the army.
I have insurance, tricare prime and I wanted to use their pharmacy because it close by and the pharmacy on base takes quite awhile to get my meds filled.
Yet they can't help me because I'm a new customer.
Just great.

