I've been going here for years.
I first started going here because at the time it was the only tanning salon in the area.
I've stuck with it even though the prices have gone way up.
This small, no frills place is clean and staff (which has changed many times over the years) is always friendly and helpful.
I never seem to have a problem with bulbs not working or not strong enough.
I've only had to wait for a bed once or twice.
I don't go very often, I usually get enough sun from living in the desert.
They recently started a fancy new system where you check in with your fingerprint.
I think its an unnecessary expense they are passing on to the customer.
When my package is done, I think I'll be looking for a cheaper place to tan.

Good service, clean facilities, friendly staff.
The beds are really nice but the plans are a bit pricy.
Only complaint was the cancellation policy.
They require you to give 30 days notice before cancelling and they failed to mention this upon signing up.
So me and my husband had to pay an extra $140.
All we wanted was some color before our wedding and unfortunately they make you enroll in the automatic payment plan.
So just a heads up for anyone wanting a short term plan!

Perfect for those GTL days.
The prices have gone way up.
Thanks to the Obama tanning tax I'm sure, but this tanning salon is clean and staff is friendly and helpful.
Staff are just regular people, no need to feel like a b celebrity here.
Beds have good bulbs.
I only had to wait for a bed once in all the years I've been going here.
They've just added a fancy finger print recognition check in, so no one can pretend they're you and tan their can on your dime.

The beds are Great!
Always clean, not usually busy and plenty of bed options.
The reason I am only giving it 3 stars is because the prices are insane.
I have never been to a place that charges so much for just one tan!
Packages range from $40- $100 a month.

I have been too a few different locations and I have been nothing but pleased .
I love the peoplewho work here and they are always ontop of the store staying clean and everything stocked .

Not very clean.
They never ever vacuum the rugs.
I see the same hair, lint and bobby pins on the floor of the room I have using.
For the price I wish the cleaned up a little better.
I tan with my socks & underwear in because I get grossed out when I'm there.
The beds are good quality but not cheap.

I am not usually a tanning bed goer.
I prefer to tan naturally but after living in England the past few years I have returned to the USA very ghostly pale.
I went in here today for the first time.
I was very satisfied with the customer service I received.
The main girl behind the desk was very helpful and knowledgeable.
The beds were very clean and the whole tanning salon was very clean in general.
I think the prices on the lotions are bit high but that is my only real complaint.

Unfortunately most of the staff at a lot locations are extremely rude and seem bored half of the time.
Or annoyed to be working there.
Most staff member are not very knowledgable about the output/voltage, skin care incredients in the lotions they are selling etc.
This location in particulary has really rude staff so far.
I have not experienced someone friendly there yet.
Too bad though, at the sahara location there are 2 members working who are very friendly and welcoming.
Unfortunately I will cancel my membership.
I dont like being treated like an annoyance when I spend $80 a month.

I have no problems with the place.
It's you rbasic Tanning place.
50$ a month unlimited for all Locations in Vegas?
NOT BAD IN MY EYES...
This place is better than most other salons in Vegas, I know I've been to many.
~ Their membership Cancelation system is messed up.
They do everything in their power to charge you for extra time at shop.
Unless you plan on tanning here regularly for years go to BRONZED.
You pay for one Month at a time.
When it runs out you pay to restart a month the next time you return.
WAY BETTER.

Nice place .
The only thing I would have change is all the team who works there.
Very rude , never smiling , and always make u feel uncomfortable that you there.

I took a friend of mine there for her FIRST time spray.
Unfortunately for her, she was misinformed on the standing positions and was told to put  a "little" lotion on her hands & feet.
The next day she woke up with ORANGE hands!
It was funny to me, but sad for her.
We went back the next morning and was told by the associate that she WAS misinformed by the evening staff and to scrub her hands & feet with lemon juice, which helped a bit.
If you read other reviews about this location then you will know that YES the staff is HIGHLY rude.
You girls need to know your shit better!

I decided to give it 6 months before reviewing my weekly tan joint to get a good feel for this location.
Wait Time for Versa Spa/Beds: Short, I have only waited longer than 5 minutes once and that was after 5pm on a friday.
Go between 10am-2pm and you will most likely be the only one in this place.
Staff: Generally very friendly.
They do not constantly try and sell you knew things that you don't need like some salons.
Some girls are slower than others and they seem to constantly have new people working so don't expect to see the same person for more than a month or two.
One girl I have met (About five foot, long brown hair) is very knowledgeable about the products and the company and has been at this location for the whole time I have been going here.
Products: The lotions are kind of pricy here.
The Versa Amplifier I use is over $20 here but you can order the same item off Amazon for $12 per bottle.
It does help hold the tan for longer, so I completely recommend trying it to extend your spray tan for a week as compared to the 3-4 days it normally lasts.
Equipment: The Versa has been broken/mid-service here 3 times I have visited in 6 months...
BUT they will let you use a bed for free if this happens and the Sahara location isn't that far away.
Prices: Mehhh, They aren't GREAT.
Personally, I get kind of ticked when I see specials for tanning online for Non-Members when I pay $70 a month for spray tanning.
They do offer happy hour on Sundays for half price upgrades.
I personally think their prices are kind of high, but at least it is close to my house.

This location I will only go to if I have to its close to my house but tonight was my first time at this location the girl working had no idea how to do anything everything was filthy I like the location on Charleston and rampart way better

When i'm in need of major color, I always come here and get the dark in a day.
50 moolah and you can get 3-4 shades than what you came in with.
it consists of level 5 tanning bed and mystic tan.

