Keller n' Jadd 2445 W. Horizon Ridge Parkway., Suite 100  Henderson, NV 89052  www.vegas4rent.com  DO NOT RENT OR BUY FROM KELLER N JADD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I will tell you in complete detail of how Keller N Jadd f*cked us!
So my brother in law recommended us to them because he did business with them.
Got us a rental house at an ok rate.
We lived there for 2 years.
One month we accidently paid the rent twice.
It turned into this whole ordeal and we were classified as a "problem rental".
Never received good customer service.
And since the staff has no manners, we were always sh*t on when we had a problem.
So while we lived there, the customer service was always late.
Dishwasher broke or the washing machine broke, fixed but fixed later when it was convenient for them.
My brother in law told me a story of how a bunch of strippers lived at one of their properties and destroyed it.
Paint, holes in the wall, trash, you name it, they did it.
They received their entire deposit back?!?
We moved out and I got a huge bill in the mail.
$1300 in total so our $1100 deposit was gone.
I had my brother in law contact the owner 3 times.
Guess what?
He never responded....typical!
Here are the Damages they claimed with explanations.
) Paint walls, remove nails, fill holes - $760, Bull Sh*t!!
We asked them if we could paint and they said it was ok.  And they came by to check it out during the inspection and the guy said it looked nice.
) Light bulbs, Air Filters, Door stops - $35, I changed light bulbs all the time and air filter once a month, and who would take door stops?
) Remove TP holder from above light switch/repair holes/remount - $25,  My bad, I thought it was in a stupid place...
) Repair loose towel bar in bath and master bath - $20, Are you kidding me?
That was loose when we moved in.
) Replace broken slats for slider blinds (back door) - $45  Ok a couple of the plastic sh*tty blinds broke, but $45?
Really?
) Reinstall Smoke Alarms - $15 - they never worked properly and always beeped so I disabled them.
Just a sh*tty product.
) Remove satellite dish from stucco/repair stucco and paint - $30, I was in a hurry to move so I didn't care.
) Missing Keys - Garage opener, mail box, front door - $70 - don't let your roommate leave without giving your keys back...word of advice.
) Republic services verified zero balance, no final bill provided - $45  BULL SH*T,  I gave them a copy with my last rent check.
I know that this is drawn out, but whatever I can do to help people choose where to live and avoid Keller N Jadd at all cost...I'm will to do a lot.
BTW, I didn't want to pay the $190.00, so I didn't.
They sent me to collections.
I then paid because I want my credit rating to not be affected.
This is the next best thing.
I guarantee if you rent or buy from them you will write a similar review in the end!!!!
Have a great day!
DO NOT RENT OR BUY FROM KELLER N JADD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I have been renting from Keller n jadd for about 3 years now and its been a great experience.
every time i have a problem I email or call the owner Rick Keller and everything  is taken care of right on time, If you are renting from them or thinking of renting from  my advice is be patient sincere and honest with them and all will be well .
thank you Rick and your wonderful team.
sincerely Roseanne .

I have used Keller N Jadd to rent my home in Las Vegas for a year and a half.
Rick the owner goes above and beyond to help explains things and if there are every any problems with contractors or tenants he will be there to give you his expert opinion.
Troy in maintenance will help you replace appliances or fix damage quickly but at a fair price and will get more than 1 bid if thats what you would like but in my experience they have weeded out all the bad apples already and usually who they recommend is usually the best option.
A+ Highly Recommend!
Will gladly be a reference if your unsure of who to use to manage your property

Keller n jadd is the worst property management company I have ever had to deal with in my life.
I am so in love with my rental but am saying goodbye to get away from this terrible customer service.
This company does not care at all about tenants.
I have come to the point where I am willing to pay any dollar amount to get away from my lease and away from this disrespect.
Keller n jadd has given me such a head ache for months upon months and would do the same to you.
If you need a faucet replaced or have a toilet clogged, be prepared to wait almost two weeks and go through tons of maintenance stops that you have to be home for just for them to say "okay well be back in a couple of days when we get permission" wtf?
The house is breaking, just fix it.
I've had better maintenance experiences in much cheaper town homes.
They won't let me pay online or with a check any longer because of a chronological error that was made online-that my bank apologized for.
I now have to go to the grocery store to get a money order and drive across town to drop off my rent.
So inconvenient and although I called wondering why my check hadn't been cashed and the lazy woman at the front told me everything was okay instead of just checking into my paper work like I asked and then they called a couple of days later telling me I have a $50 dollar fine and I would no longer be able to pay online or with a check because of "company policy"  when my bank was saying I've had the funds just waiting there for my rent and I was not trying to get over on anyone.
These people are ridiculous and should not last in this town.
Worst management company in Vegas by fat

The owner Rick & his staff helped me lease out my rental home.
Their process was very thorough & complete.
The staff, especially Pearl was super awesome to deal with.
Lots of communication & follow-up which made the experience easy to understand & handle.
I recommend!

