I've bought home from lennar, the one in spring mountain at 11/13.
First, I upgraded my granite, I pay 3500.
However, I didnt notice the granite are broken, there are more than 50 cracks and one part almost broken, it crack from the top side till the down side.
I notice this after a week I stayed in my new house, I call lennar to come and see it, but what he said is oh sorry we do not warranty this.
WHAT?
I have paid $3500 for cracked granite?!
he kept saying oh this is neutral stone, it happened.
but this is not just small crack, it almost broken!
if someone put their hands with a little bit pressure, it will crack and injure them.
I asked for replacement, but they are not willing to do it.
It cost them nothing!
but this is how they treat their customer.
Second, Their tile is such as a nightmare.
I pay $9000 for that.
They put pretty and nice tile in the model home and I decided to get the same one.
But, what happened is they just do it randomly, they didnot pay attention to the pattern.
It ended up with horrible and weird tile.
They dont even care about it.
All they want is take your money and give you bad quality things.
DO NOT EVER DEALING WITH LENNAR AND CARPETS N MORE!

Basically have to come here for flooring from our builder, this place acts like since we have no option they can treat us like we're not the customer.
No stars as this place really needs to train their employees better and not worry about texting or Facebook it's sad they deserve no stars

If you buy a house from Lennar, they'll tell you that you have no choice but to use Carpets N More for your flooring.
Don't do it.
Because they think you have no other place you can go, they'll act like they own you.
Everything is overpriced.
Service is atrocious.
And their work is horrendous.
You should just let Lennar install their basic flooring so you can close on your house without paying any extra.
Then right after you close, find a better flooring company and hire them to rip out the flooring Carpets N More did and install your new flooring the right way.
It'll be cheaper and less of a headache this way.
You might have to delay moving into your house for just a little bit but it will be worth it.
Unless you just want to have a floor where every other tile is chipped and/or have lippage issues, you shouldn't give Carpets N More a dime.

