Yet another Groupon alert.
FYI - The Castle of Cakes location is actually : 750 E. Pyle  Las Vegas, NV 89183  Me and my girls decided to try another girls days out with our Cupcake Decorating class.
Not really sure cupcake decorating is for me, but it is a fun and interesting class if you have the attention span for it.
There were plenty of stay at home moms there who have many kid's birthday parties to decorate for whom this would be much more useful for.
They also have classes and Birthday Party / Cupcake Decorating parties for kids of any age that I would recommend.
Definitely for a specific demographic, but fun and creative activity for all age groups.
I can't speak to their pastries and cakes, but I had to say based on their samples, pictures and a tasting of some of their cupcake flavorsI wasn't entirely impressed by that aspect of the business.
Stick with the decorating classes.

I hate to leave bad reviews but it is what it is.
You are better off ordering a cake from your local grocery store.
It will be less expensive and more professional looking.
In some fairness to the owner, she got stuck with us because another chef couldn't do it last minute.
So maybe it was a "rush" job (she had 24 hour notice) and normally her cakes are beautiful, I don't know.
If that was the case though, she just should have told us she couldn't take the job and we could have easily run to Costco and grabbed a cake.
Instead we got a cake that people were SHOCKED came from a professional bakery.
It was such a waste of money.

I don't like to leave bad reviews, but do yourself a favor and avoid this place!
I got a groupon for $9 for a dozen cupcakes, but would have been better off spending the money on a box of cake mix and some frosting and letting my four-year-old have at it.
Once you walk in this place, you know you've made a mistake.
All their sample cakes look terrible.
They even had sample "serving pieces" that consisted of a piece of cardboard glued with plastic cups and tissue paper.
I have no idea what you would do with that.
Their cupcakes are a far lower quality than what you could get at your local grocery store for much less.
They only had about three cupcakes ready for pick up, so I had to wait for over half an hour while the lady walked around looking for cupcakes and frosting them.
The flavor of the frosting and the cake itself was cheap.
I can't imagine anyone going in there and actually ordering a cake.
They would definitely be disappointed.
I cannot fathom why the owners thought they should go into the cake making business because I don't know any mom who couldn't make a better birthday cake than they do.
All their sample photos are jokes.

I hate to say it but I agree with the other users.
The cupcakes we received from a groupon were very bland, small, and not up to par with grocery store cakes or cupcakes.

I have had the pleasure to have lots of cakes decorated  from SONYA the owner~~   She has great ideas of design ~ and cool Ideas~ Great Experience ~   Decorating is one of her best talents ~ She respects my ingredients as vegan ~ she has done a great job every time  I am very happy with Castle Of Cakes  NO I hear she has classes ~ OOMMGG   great Idea ~ The owner is very friendly ~

Awful customer service.
I live in D.C but visited las Vegas over Christmas.
I had purchased a groupon for my 2 daughters to take a baking class at castle of cakes.
My husband called to make an appt.
A woman answered at  9:00 a.m. half asleep said she would call back in a few minutes.
Called her back at noon and she says in an extremely rude manner, "didn't I say I would call you back later?!
" Needless to say, I did NOT choose to bring my daughters to the baking class.
NO, I would not recommend going to or purchasing ANYTHING from this place.

I bought a groupon from this place, and before I bought the groupon, I called to make  sure that they had the flavor I would be needing, which was red velvet cake with cream cheese icing and they told me that they did.
When I called to order my cake, the lady took my order and within 5 minutes called me back to tell me that it would be an extra $20 to do cream cheese icing on this red velvet cake, that it was only included as a filling.
I asked to speak with the owner, which is who I originally talked to and she argued with me and told me that I could call groupon and get my money back if I wasn't happy with her answer.
Well it was 2 days before my wedding so I didn't want to stress finding another sheet cake (grooms cake) so I said go ahead and make it with the buttercream icing (which sounds extremely odd on red velvet cake.
) My parents went to pick it up for me, 2 days later, and said that the ladies there were extremely rude......therefore I do not recommend going to this place at all.
I was appalled at the way she responded, when I had originally asked her if cream cheese icing was on the cake.

I found them on Groupon.
24 cupcakes for $22.
I was not impressed at first by the presentaion...meaning the cupcakes did not look at pretty as other cupcake places.
HOWEVER I must say that me and my guests were very impressed by the taste.
We got lemon, red velvet and chocolate and the cupcake itself was fluffy, moist and flavorful!!
Again the decorating was very simple BUT I would rather have a tasty cupcake than a pretty overpriced one.
I liked them and I will be going back!

Castle of Cakes is the BEST at what they do.
We ordered a yellow cake, with blue whipped cream frosting and a tailored design of booties, baby bottles and rattles for my baby shower.
I must say, they prepared a beautifully decorated cake to welcome our twins.
The decorations were custom designed and the taste won the crowd over.
If you're not big on sweets, ask for the whipped cream frosting in place of the butter cream; you won't be disappointed.
I'm looking forward to my next trip to Vegas so I can try their warm lemon cake!!

We looked for something different to do in Vegas for an afternoon.
With all the cooking shows on television, this one was intriguing.
Located in a strip mall with many empty spots, they are in the process of moving, you need to overlook the area and enter into Sonya's world.
She has such personality that if she were to teach you to tie your shoe, it would be a fun thing to do.
My sister and I had no experience with piping or cake decorating, but we made several really nice cupcakes that I would be proud to show off, they are on the facebook page, and I think I could replicate them.
So, it was loads of fun, a great way to spend an afternoon, and we both learned how to pipe and brought home some really cool cupcakes to show off.
We'll do it again with another of her classes to learn some more techniques.

I purchased a groupon for a dozen cupcakes.
I was sorely disappointed when I went in and saw the selection available.
They told me I would need to put in an order for "chocolate".
As I was planning on bringing these cupcakes to a special event, I left and purchased full price at the Cupcakery.
The quality does not compare!
I could make the same at home.

I signed up to take a class by texting the owner since I was unable to get a hold of her by phone.
I texted her twice before I got a response that I'd been put on the list for the class.
I show up ( after a 25 minute drive) with my 4 year old who can't wait to decorate cupcakes.
I walk in and she comes out from the back.
I tell her what I'm there for and she  asks if I received her text which I never got.
She informs me she sent one 40 minutes  earlier and the class has been cancelled since the other 2 moms had cancelled.
She says we will have it the following week.
I leave very upset That I drove that far for no reason and as I'm putting my daughter in the car she asks me what my phone number is and asks If my name was something it wasnt then says she text someone else and walks back inside.
I would never go back to this hole in the wall and cannot believe someone running their own business would run out a customer this way and be so unprofessional.
There are tons of bakeries in town and I would suggest going ANYWHERE else before stepping foot inside this one.

Wonderful cake Sonya.
We loved it.
Castle of cakes made our birthday cake for our first annual dinner and benefit and printed our logo on it.
What I loved about her cake was it was rich, not too sweet and a real cake unlike the supermarket cakes that are more light a sponge.
Thank-you.
:) She delivered it on time with only a few days notice.

We have been here multiple times on various playdates.
It is fun for the kids every time and a good mommy-daughter bonding time.
Twice we went during class times in a group but this time we called and set up a playdate for two girls alone.
It was a big hit.
They decorated 9 cupcakes with various pictures, using different colored icing they got to mix, sprinkles, nilla wafers, and even were able to place icing in bags to make more specific decorations.
The woman who taught the class was good about taking pictures, instructing and demonstrating on their level and encouraging the teamwork.
The only reason not 5 stars is all three times we did the same pictures which my daughter remembered, and she didn't like the taste of the cupcakes.
But for the experience it is definitely fun.
Maybe we should try the cake pops or fondant class next time.

