Colorado River Coffee Roasters roasts some of the best tasting coffee I have ever drank, and it is so geographically close to me!
I love how delicate and flavorful their roasts are, and I love how many businesses are starting to serve their coffee (Sambalatte, Bread & Butter, Great Harvest Bread Company, to name a few).
I received one of their gift boxes for Christmas, and the care they put into its assembly is awesome.
The Sumatra roast is my personal favorite.
Major props to CRCR!

OMG!!!!!!
This is the best coffee i've had in my life!!!!!
And to think that its local?!?!?!
So, glad that i've been enlightened w/ the taste and aroma of this coffee!!!!!
I'm a true fan & totally hooked!!!

Let me just say that I don't frequent Starbucks or the other big coffee chains on a daily basis however, I love a good cup of coffee especially when I know its from Colorado River Coffee Roasters.
I was first turned on to CRCR by good friend and former owner of Bread and Butter Chris Herrin.
A few months later while dining at Eat in downtown, I enjoyed that same delicious smooth cuppa joe,(unfortunatey, both B&B and Eat no longer use them) and knowing that they were in Boulder City, I knew one of these days I HAD TO go straight to the source.
Pulling up to their storefront, it looks like nothing from the outside but as you enter, the smell of roasting coffee beans hit you like WOW!!!
We met Don and Erik Anderson who are responsible for making some of the most delicious coffee you will have ever tasted(if you haven't yet).
They were even nice enough to give us a little behind the scenes tour and explain their delicate roasting process using state of the art equipment (infrared heat, not open fire) and even offered tips on how to enjoy their product in the best possible way.
We decided to grab a bag of one of Eirk's favorite blends-Bolivia: Amor De Dios, a 12 ounce bag for $10.
If you're looking for a specific characteristic, flavor, etc.
they have other blends available and Erik will be more than happy to point you in the right direction.
If you haven't had a taste of Colorado River Coffee Roasters, places like Grouchy John's, Great Harvest Bread Company, and Sambalatte have their own blends from CRCR that they serve up.
You may also purchase coffee from CRCR online which will be delivered right to your doorstep, or better yet, take a drive to Boulder City and go straight to the source and get an even fresher product!
Here are some helpful tips that Erik and Don suggested:  COFFEE: DO NOT grind the beans fine...a coarse grind is suggested  WATER: DO NOT boil your water!...
200 degrees Farenheit... no higher!
EQUIPMENT: No fancy equipment/gadgets here- a FRENCH PRESS is their weapon of choice, and how Erik and Don enjoy the fruits of their labor....
DOSAGE: Start with an equal ratio of 1 gram beans to 1 gram water and steep for  4 minutes...if it isn't strong enough, increase the beans to your liking  STORAGE: Store beans in a cool, dark place....DO NOT refrigerate or freeze!!!
BEST BY: Enjoy within 1 MONTH of purchase   Erik and Don have also been chosen as one of the top seeded companies to compete later this year on the National level in Seattle with the best in the country.
Best of luck to Erik and Don who have single handedly put Nevada on the coffee map, and forget the big chains....BUY LOCAL!!!!
ALOHA!!

If my recent coffee obsession has taught me anything, it's that fresh beans are a must.
Ideally, your coffee beans should be no more than a few weeks from the roast date and they should be ground immediately before use with a quality burr grinder.
That's where CRCR comes in.
My current bag of their Redwall Espresso blend had just run about out, so I figured what better time to visit the roastery?
Meeting Erik and Jana, it's clear that this isn't really a job for them; it's a passion.
Erik enthusiastically explained everything about the process from green bean to perfect roast.
Our visit ended up being much more than I anticipated.
If you can't find the time to visit (Monday seems to be the best day), you can order from their web site.
You'll get a bag of your choice that's roasted to order.
More info and photos: http://www.paolodlr.com/2013/10/colorado-river-coffee-roasters.html

After I found out some of the local coffee shops I liked used a local roaster, I went looking online for these guys.
After ordering from them the first time, it became apparent I needed to step up my home coffee game - I used to buy the coffee sold at Whole Foods that they roast there which is okay but improperly stored, so unless you get it right when it's roasted, you're not getting anything special.
CRCR is always quick to get my order to me within a few days of being placed, and it's always great, since it's properly sealed and fresh.
My personal favorite is the Ethiopan Sidamo coffee, which is only available during certain times of year, sadly - they say it's got blueberry hints, these are really apparent when the coffee is super fresh: last time I had the Sidamo, I got it a day or two after roasting, the first few brews from that batch had more than a "hint" of blueberry... delicious!
Other than that, I'm a fan of the Rio/Java blend and the Brazil Microlots, both of which are kind of "chocolatey" (made up word, but you get the drift).
This is coffee you don't need any cream or sugar for.
I love what I get from these guys and wholeheartedly recommend everyone buy from them.
They've become my go-to for coffee, though I'll occasionally order from other places like Cuvee or La Colombe for variety's sake, it's really hard to beat getting coffee so fresh so fast through the mail.
It's a little more expensive than just buying beans at the store, but worth spending the extra $6-8.

The best coffee I've ever had.
Time to stock up again.

