I've gone to this location of Tory Burch, the last two times I've been in Vegas.
The staff has been super helpful each time, I've been.
I like this location better that the one at Caesar's, because the Palazzo seems less hectic.
Last time, they offered my group mimosa's at 10 am, which is probably why I bought more than I had planned on buying.

Ever feel like the sales people at the stores you shop at are miserable, lifeless, and clueless?
Here's a remedy.
Stop by this Tory Burch store at the Palazzo.
Their sales associates have a no non sense approach, yet very helpful and attentive.
Ask for Emily.
She is a sweetheart.
She even offers you a beverage while shopping.
You walk out feeling transformed.
Did someone say retail therapy?

I was expecting to see a larger shoe selection, but maybe they had all the new styles there.
Staff was very helpful and the store was very nice.
I always enjoy shopping at the Palazzo!

The customer service here is awesome.
I visited this location to purchase a logo clutch to match both my black and tan pair of Calista boots.
They didn't waste any time showing me the 5 ways I can wear the purse.
Freakin awesome!!

Bought a late Christmas gift for my sister and the salesperson Geraldine left a very bad taste and soured our shopping experience.
I told her exactly the bag I wanted, wrote up my address and gave her my credit card to process.
20 minutes passed and I asked several sales associates and her to pls process our sale so that we can head to airport for our flight to lax.
Ms. Geraldine preached to us like a parent talks to a four year old kid on why we shouldn't be at the store but instead be at the airport 3 hours early!!!
All we got was a sour face and a very diluted apology...) this store is not getting my business.

Akira Saito and Brittany are by far the best in customer service!
They are amazing!
Never met a manager and staff with such a great approach on dealing with a concerned customer!
What a Great team!
Thank you Akira and Brittany!
Because of you..
I Will definitely  give  Tory burch repeat business!

Thank you Diane for finding me that cute pair of flip flops in my size and for the ice cold corona too.
The customer service you gave-superb!!!
Next time I visit Vegas I will visit you as well :) The Palazzo shops are right up my alley yeahhhhh!

This location is the more convenient of the two Las Vegas boutiques, so I'm usually here when I want to visit a TB boutique.
The store is rather small and very popular, so usually crowded.
There's typically 3-5 associates available at some capacity.
Their selection is okay.
Enough to get a feel for current collections, but not enough to make an informed comparison of products.
There is a nice couch area for your bored significant other to wait while you shop or for you to take a break.
I've purchased two items at this boutique dating back to 2011/12.
My first experience was very pleasant.
I called ahead to locate a highly-coveted (sold out online, other retailers, and many boutiques) handbag, the Megan Satchel, and fortunately they had one left in the color I wanted.
They were also offering a holiday discount and gift with purchase, so I was very happy with the transaction.
My second purchase was more recent (within the last year) and it was a "spur of the moment" buy.
I was at the boutique to accompany a friend on a handbag mission and it was an item I hadn't seen yet and too adorable to pass on.
We weren't particularly fond of the associate assisting us to the point that I wanted to make my purchase with someone else or even another location.
For that reason, other than checking out new handbag prospects, I'd rather purchase them elsewhere.

