Pros: Never fails to be failproof.
Cons: Hmmmmm......a little pricey.
Jungle themed items, incense, off the wall clothing and accessories, african, caribbean, indian, pacific and asian themed stuff galore and smoking paraphernalia?
I'm in heaven.

Yay this is my favorite piercing place thus far!
My 2 friends and I went in around 6 pm on a weekday and the place isn't busy at all!
The minute we walked in, we were greeted by these 2 awesome burly men.
I mean at first, they were awfully intimidating since they were wearing button down shirts and their bellies were sticking out teehee, but Idk, their styles were so down to earth and hippie-ish, like contestants out of LOST or SURVIVOR :D The best part about that is, they accidentally ditched the other wandering customers to converse with us!
While waiting for our piercing guy to get ready, we were strolling and exploring the small store.
That part was awesome too because most of the items sold were from different countries or little trinklets that you haven't seen for years.
My friend and I paid about $50 each for our industrial piercings, not bad actually, well to me at least especially compared to the $60 piercing elsewhere lol.
There were also these handmade bracelets that were $1 each, but he went ahead and offered us to grab as much as we want for free!
Finally, came the piercing, it hurted but depends on your pain tolerance.
After all the pain and endurance, they offered us drinks and gave us a discount on H20cean.
My advice to you if you ever want to venture off here, be friends with them, do not steal shit or you would get your ass sliced by their katana swords or shot with their m9 pistols that are conveniently buckled to their belts, and be chill.
Talk with them, they'll talk back.
In the end they feel like family after the 30 minutes you spend with them haha, real shit.

I went in to The Jungle Zone today to have my nose piercing changed.
(The hoop I had kept falling out so I needed it replaced with a real ring).
When I went in, I was told that the piercer was out and wouldn't be back for 20 minutes, which was no problem for me since I had some errands to run.
When I got back, the piercer was there.
I feel bad now because I completely forget his name, but he was awesome.
He found a ring that was about the same diameter as the hoop I had.
The first attempt to get the ring through was a failure, since it was a slightly larger gauge than my hoop.
He got a tapered needle and put that through, and after a couple more tries the ring went in!
This guy was really nice.
He was focused and determined to get the ring through my damn piercing, but also talkative and made me feel really comfortable.
Originally they said they charged $5 for a piercing change, but he said not to worry about it, but I tipped generously since my nose was slightly difficult and the guy was awesome about it.
Also - the room where they do piercings was definitely clean.
Everything was up to par, he wore gloves and used lots of rubbing alcohol, so nothing to worry about there.
I highly recommend going here for piercings based on my experience.
I don't know how much they charge for piercings, but I assume it would be around what everyone else in the area charges.
Plus they have a lot of really cool stuff in their store...lots of body jewelery, some clothes, lots of smoking paraphernalia.

I've been here on a few chances but I guess I didn't review them the last time.
The BF has been a fan since they've been in the Meadows Mall, but they moved here so they can conduct business more freely .
First time was to browse for nonsense like salvia divinorum.
Yes, it's legal, but be smart and don't film your idiocies on youtube for govt.
officials to use to try to ban things.
I became a treble clef and let the couch tickle me and I'm good without doing much more of that.
The guys selling it were responsible, made sure you knew what it was, what it can do and how to be safe before handing over a packet.
It's a head shop so it carries the usual type of glass vessels and pipes of all sorts as well as vaporizers if that's what you're looking for.
I've also come in several times (including this weekend) for piercing stuff.
The balls on my tongue piercing get loose/nasty/dropped down the sink so I come here to get various replacement balls and bars.
You can choose to purchase loose pieces, also have decent packaged deals or more pimped out design barings w/bar.
They do piercing in the back, but I really don't have anything I want to pierce, but it looks like they keep it clean.
There's some cool randomness like jewelry, suncatchers/windchimes, beautiful imported and vintage wood carvings, incense, fragrance oils, summer dresses, etc, so it's much more interesting to browse than regular headshops, but their selection of pipes and such are pretty.
I don't know if they prices are good or not, since I'm a vaporize person all the way, but most of the things we've gotten have been a good price, but I can see some of their decor pieces can be very scarily priced.
The staff here is really cool and friendly, super helpful to boot too.
They've given us some great product knowledge on some items and are good about being honest too about what they don't like and what are the drawbacks of certain items.
It's a very comfortable atmosphere and I can't say that about a lot of their competitors.
You go into a lot of shops that either they are straight up bothered they have to serve you and do their job or they're too high to even get what you are saying.
If you happen to be in the area, pop in.
We drive down here from the NW because of how well they treat customers!

5 minutes prior to my arrival at The Jungle Zone, I had a pair of pliers attached to the ring in my nose as my husband attempted to take it off for the first time.
I don't know.
He thought pliers were a good idea.
Needless to say, I ran out the door screaming "I'll be right back!
" seeking a professional's help to remove it.
Now, who doesn't love a head/tattoo/piercing shop that has on The Cooking Channel?
That cuts their intimidation factor by about 1/2 and then everybody greets you when you walk in like in Cheers.
Okay, not intimidating at all.
I told them about needing to replace my ring with a stud and they offered to do the jewelry change for free.
It took about 2 minutes and there were no pliers in sight.
I just paid for my stud ($3.99) and a tip for the piercer's pro bono work.
The owner (I think this is what Eric The Red (Viking) would look like in modern times) is so grateful for people coming in to help his small business.
Definitely come check this place out if it fills your niche.
The prices are fair and the guys are super friendly.

Excellent place.
They'll beat any price and are extremely friendly.
Definitely check it out

This place is great.
Although a bit intimidating when you first see them, the staff are extremely friendly and knowledgeable and quickly put you at ease.
The shop has a great selection of products, whether you're just shopping for body jewelry or looking for more specialty products.

Great service very clean, I got my nose pierced and ear pierced here, I will be definitely be coming back for a tattoo soon.

Jordan was amazing!
I was nervous getting my piercings but he explained everything before he did it, was cracking jokes to help calm me down, and was amazing.
He's soooo good I recommend him to anyone that wants anything done!

I've gotten my industrial, cartilage, and navel piercings done here, and I love them all.
The place and the guys who run the place look a little intimidating, but they're actually really friendly!
Their piercing station is clean, and they make your experience better because they'll calm you down and stuff.
They also throughly tell you how to care for your piercings.
The prices aren't too bad, maybe a little pricey, but because they do a good job, I think it's worth it.
Plus the piercing price includes the jewelry.
It's been a while, but I think I paid $50 for my industrial, and my cartilage and navel were both either $30 or $35.

Jimmy did my nose piercing!
So painless and quick.
They were closing the store, but still took me back and did my piercing since I had taken a taxi from the strip to come to them.
Very nice people!
It was only $30 too!

My daughter and I did Tragus piercings with Jimmy and he was super professional.
The place is very clean and everyone was nice.
I really liked this place!

my best friend and I wanted to get our noses pierced so we went here.
when we got there the manager of the store was super nice and he introduced us to our piercer, Jimmy.
jimmy was so helpful and had so much patience with us (we were indecisive about which side and location) we asked about.
million questions too.
he's very informative and he's been piercing for like ever!
which made me comfortable with him.
they also have a good selection of gauges and belly rings.
their pricing was pretty good.
it's 30 bucks a pierce!

Literally woke up one day and was ready to get pierced!
Looked on yelp and found this place.
Let me say I am sooo happy I chose jungle zone!
This place is very clean.
Jordan was my piercer and I will not get pierced by anyone else.
Ever.
He was great.
Talked me through my nerves, explained everything to me.
He was very easy to talk to.
The guy at the front desk was great too.
I forgot his name but it was an older gentleman.
These guys are awesome, very welcoming, and professional.
Thank you again Jordan for an amazing experience!
I love my piercings:)

great for knifes best stilletos in town

I just left here a minute ago...got my nose & tongue pierced & my ear lobes re-pierced!
I love the shop, the people working there & their prices!
I'm taking my 6 year old @ 17 year old there to get ear piercings :)

Aaaahhh!
This place is aaaaamazing!!
I went to get my schnoz pierced for the 2nd time.
I went off of Yelp reviews and I'm grateful that I did.
Jimi was awesome.
He was super friendly and very opinionated (which is a good thing).
He's very honest with you and will tell you if something won't look good.
He was very quick and made it as painless as possible.
The lady that was helping in the lobby area was really sweet as well.
She was very friendly and made the small wait time easy.
This place is clean and so cheap for the awesome service.
Most places in town that are good charge double these prices if not more.
Try to call in ahead before heading in.
They seem to get busy here and there :) And got to Jimi for your piercings!

Awesome!
Friendly staff and good prices.
Very happy with my experience

I just went there because I couldn't get my nose stud back in...Rich and Jordan were so nice when helping me.
The shop was nice and clean and I felt completely welcomed.
When Jordan got my piercing back in it was completely painless and he was so nice to me.
Definitely will be going back when I want to replace the ring.
Thanks so much guys!
Be back soon!

My sister and I just had pur noses pierced here today and we loved it.
Jordan pierced us and he was awesome.
Very friendly and cute.
Put us at ease and made us laugh.
This place is super clean and has an awesome selection of very cool stuff.
We will definitely be back.
Thanks guys!!!!

I came here with my boyfriend to add to my piercing collection and I can definitely say I found my new piercer!
Jordan was super awesome and extremely professional.
everything the yelp reviews said about him were 100% correct!
they are really fair with pricing and give you a very comfortable environment for all your puncturing needs.
I am glad we were his entertainment for the night lol.
I will definitely be back soon!

came here to get my navel done.
although I had two visits to do this.
the first visit I went in & saw jordan.
I had previously had my belly done before so we had to kind of pierce it crooked due to scar tissues.
i let it try to heal for 2 months & it just got so infected i had to take it out.
i let the wounds heal & I went back.
I called for an appointment to make sure jordan was in because i really enjoy him & his professionalism.
we talked about what possibilities could be done & the risks.
I got a discount because the previous one got infected red but I couldn't get it for free because it wasn't the stores fault.
& I could agree with that.
I am now seeing how well this heals, it has been a week & seems much better than the last piercing.
FINGERS CROSSED.
other than that, very friendly atmosphere, clean, makes customers wanting to go back!!
thank you!

Originally I loved this place.
The guy who pierced my nose was very cool.
Unfortunately after a month and a half of diligent cleaning and taking good care of it, I had to take my nose piercing out because the area surrounding the piercing has been red and hard and swollen for a few days.
This isnt the first time I've had problems with this piercing.
About three weeks ago I had to go back into the store and get it changed out because it was pierced with a very short and tiny bar.
Another man replaced it with an L shaped bar.
I think the problem is due to the bad placement.
$30 down the drain.

The Jungle Zone is the best!
First I came in to get my nephews ears pierced.
Jimmy was the piercer and he made sure we were well informed and comfortable.
Happy to say that went very well.
Later, I decided I wanted to stretch my lobes.
I went from a regular piercing to an 8 gauge.
Jordan was great.
He talked to me the entire time and explained everything before and during the procedure.
He took his time and it was virtually painless.
The shop is very clean and well taken care of.
The Jungle Zone also has a very wide selection of jewelry and other odds and ends.
Definitely worth seeing for yourself!

Jordan is amazing at what he does .
My friend and I have gotten two dermals by him .
Clean quick didn't hurt at all .
Answers all ur questions and great service .

Looked this place up for me and my friend and found it on yelp.
We loved the place right when we walked in and was greeted by Jordan (the Piercer) he's amazing at what he does.
I got my nipples pierced and my friend got her belly button.
He made us feel comfortable.
And place is very clean.
Great pricing !
My experience there was great overall!
I strongly recommend this place !

This place is amazing!
I recently had my belly button and nose done by Jordan and he's just great!
Very friendly and clean.
He makes piercings nearly painless compared to others.
Each piercing was very cheap at $30 and excellent quality.
Will defiantly be going back for more work!

Would recommend!

Had my ear pierced twice yesterday and the whole experience from the moment I walked through the door to when I walked out was awesome.
The guys there are super nice and very welcoming.
The first time I went in, I went on my lunch break to get info and I didn't have to wait for someone to help me, they were right there ready to ask how they could help.
I spoke to Jordan, the piercer and went back later, and as I suspected, due to all their awesome reviews, they were much busier.
I had to wait a bit for a few other people to get pierced but it was definitely worth the wait, plus I didn't have an appointment.
By the time it was my turn, they had a full house!!!
And I mean packed!
Jordan has quite an awesome reputation and he definitely lives up to it, although he tries to be quite modest.
He's super professional, takes his time with every customer, makes you feel comfortable and keeps his entire area super clean.
Even throughout the waiting period, the two other gentlemen there were keeping the customers busy by greeting and chatting with everyone.
There is absolutely no reason not to go back....
So I'll definitely be a returning customer.
Good thing I work so close :)

