Happy to have found a great OBGYN!
She is the best in town.
I have been seen by two large obgyn groups before and never got chance to establish a doctor-patient relationship as I did with Dr. Langdon.
She listening to all my concerns and has attended to my medical needs like no other doctor.
Apart from being knowledgeable and courteous; she is easy to talk to.
I feel very comfortable asking her any questions, and she takes time to make sure I completely satisfied with her answers.
I find that previous review is hard to believe with such a caring doctor.
We need more women doctors like her.
I have recommended her to others and they liked her too, and I would still recommend her to anyone.

She spent hardly anytime with me, didn't go over anything, or get any previous medical history or history from my previous pregnancy and racked up a huge bill for testing I didn't know about or authorize and only ran the test based on my race and got no medical history from me to even determine if the test was in fact needed.
I had to ask my questions in the hall on the way out because she seemed in a huge hurry to leave.
When I confronted her about the test she ran without my knowledge she said well that's unfortunate your insurance doesn't cover it but I felt it was necessary because you and your husband are white!
I had two appts with her and will never go back or recommend her or her office to anyone.
She left me to fight a $1350.00 bill!
Stay away!

Dr. Langdon is an amazing doctor.
I have been seeing her since 2007.
After years of trying to have a baby, she helped figure out what was wrong with me (I have poly cystic ovarian disease) and now I have two beautiful boys.
I am the type of person who worries about everything and she helped me through both my pregnancies.
She had no problem answering every one of my questions even if they were pretty ridiculous and based on old wives tales.
She made sure I got the extra care I needed by setting me up with a Maternal Fetal Specialist.
Even though both pregnancies were difficult and I had every problem imaginable, I still had two healthy babies who came home from the hospital shortly after their births.
I love going to see Dr. Langdon and I joke with my husband we should have another baby just so I can resume seeing her on a regular basis.
She is the kind of doctor who gets to know you.
She doesn't have to see my chart to know who I am.
She knows my name, my husband's name, and the names of my kids.
She gave me a genuine congratulatory hug when confirming both my pregnancies.
My husband had just switched jobs when I got pregnant with my second son so we were still in the waiting period for his insurance.
I knew I had to pay cash for all of my tests (and there were a lot of them) so they gave me a quote up front before even drawing my blood.
Over the course of two months, it totaled more than $1000.
Upon finding out how much I was spending with lab work, Dr. Langdon refunded me the money I paid for my appointment with her.
I don't know any other doctor who would do that.
And when I needed  special ultrasound that was going to cost me about $800, she set me up an appointment with someone who came to her office to do my ultrasound and only charged me $150.
I appreciated that she went out of her way to minimize our costs because as a single-income family, the cost of care for my high risk pregnancy could have easily bankrupted us.
She is not only a knowledgeable doctor and a skilled surgeon (I had to C-sections), she is also a loving and caring person.
If you don't believe me, ask about a dozen of my friends who have either seen her during pregnancies or routine exams.
They all love her too.

