The only reason I ended up going to LT Nails is because of Tina!
She did my eyebrow waxing on Jones/Tropicana, & now she opened her own place with her husband.
They have been open for a good two years now, prices are fair & staff is friendly.
I go for the eyebrow waxing & Tina will wax your eyebrows, tweeze the smaller hairs that didn't come off with the wax, then trim your hair if necessary.
I'm not big on acrylic nails anymore, but when I went through that phase they did great.
Service is fast & professional.
LT is very sanitary; disposable wooden wax applicators, wash their pedicure tubs with cleaner right after draining the nasty feet water :P

Very clean, friendly and nice atmosphere.
Also has a ton of gel nail colors.
Tina is the best!!
Very clean, good service and great job with nails.

I'm rating this place 4 stars just, because it's not super cheap it's about average pricing!
I called only 15 minutes before for a gel manicure they told me to come right in!
When I got there they had everything all set for me I didn't have to wait at all.
THEY HAVE SO MANY GEL COLORS!!
I couldn't make up my mind!
All of the ladies seemed very friendly mine dealt with my change of mind of colors very nicely and was giving me suggestions, I could hear other surrounding customers very satisfied and chatting away happily with the staff.
My manicurists spent time, I never felt rushed, even though I was there only an hour before closing!
Highly recommend!

I walked in and was greeted right away by me of the ladies.
She prepared my water and I had a seat.
My feet got to soak a while since was running around and had to use the restroom.
We talked a little andi told her not to use the cheese grater or any smilar items, just the stone since I have very sensitive skin.
She did exactly what I said and was gentle and didn't scrub layers of skin.
I was pleased by this she actually listened!
She then did my ingrowns and massaged.
At last finally a nice experience and I will return, her name was Tina, I was sure to get it since she was good.
See eventually you can actually find a place after sorting through all the bad ones.

This is my nail salon and I love it.
I have had Gel Manicures, regular manicures, acrylics, pedicures etc.
I have never had a bad experience, the work is always supreme.
Everyone in there does a nice job and they remember me.
I highly recommend.

I think I may have found my go-to nail salon here in Vegas.
First off, the picture of the menu price are still up to date.
$10 to remove my previous set of white tips.
$25 for acrylic nail and the male nail technician was nice enough to not charge me any additional $$ for a simple gold glitter tip design.
(see pic attached.
)  I did not get his name but the male technician was really welcoming and friendly.
We made general talk about Las Vegas since we both are So Cali natives.
He was detailed and most importantly, GENTLE with my entire nail process.
He made sure all 10 acrylic nails were looking fresh and at the right length.
He also took the time and had a STEADY HAND when painting on my tip design.
Definitely coming back to Lt Nails!

