We found the ad on craigslist.
We called and received a quote.
We got a good price.
We decided to bring two cars down saturday morning.
It took an hour or two.
Tint looks good, no lint.
One car we might have to bring back for the windshield visor.
Prices were great, customer service was great.
We will be back  to drop of a couple more cars.

This place came recommended by a few friends for the quality of their product and fairly low price.
I would have to concur on both those fronts.
The tint turned out great, and I'm very happy with it, especially for the price I got it for with a lifetime warranty I might add.
I called to make an appointment in the evening on a Saturday and they scheduled me for the very next day at 11am.
They are by appointment only on Sundays, so I thought everything would go smoothly.
Someone didn't get the memo, however, so I did end up having to call them several times and wait a while.
After a little bit of phone tag, the owner/manager/whoever ended up coming in 15 minutes later and took care of me.
He was very accommodating, especially because of the minor setback.
What they estimated the day before would take 2 hours, he told me it'd take 1.
In all actuality, he called me after 45 minutes and said that my car was ready.
One month later, it still looks great.
They told me the warranty covers peeling, purple-ing, and bubbling.
If any of those things ever happen--which I hope they won't--hopefully their service is just as great.

I'm sitting and waiting right now for my third window tinting job.
I've brought my '11 xB, my '12 tC, and now my '13 FR-S here.
They did a fantastic job on my first two, and I expect my third to be just as high quality of a job.
Not a single bubble anywhere from the get go.
The prices are very reasonable, and I'm only paying 250$ for 3M 5% visibility tint.
From what I understand, that's a bargain!
I've sent friends and coworkers here and they've had equally great results.

Excellent service!
Very pleasant place they did a fabulous job on my new baby, 2013 Dodge Dart!
That tint was just what my car needed, I took business cards and will be passing them out to all my friends and family!

They did an amazing job!
Customer service was wonderful.
I'll definitely be coming back!

They tinted my 07 Mercedes E350.
I am very satisfied with my tint!
Going back to get my Volvo done!

They tinted my 06 Hyundai Sonata and did a great job!
I will not only tell my friends where to go for a great tint job but I will return when I get another car!

