We have two Timbers locations near us, the one off Stephanie and Horizon Rigde always seems to be a bit crowded, so this time we went to the one on Gibson and American Pacific in Henderson.
Nice!
we were the only ones for the dining room.
We had just received a $10 off coupon (for check over $20) and thought it was a great deal.
We both had the Timbers Western Bacon Cheeseburger and 2 soft drinks.
The burger was 1,000% awesome!
Huge meat patty that was actually square like Wendy's but a million times tastier!
I could have this Hamburger for a anniversay or birthday dinner!
I am not kidding its really that good!
With coupon the meal for 2 was $14 and change.
We left the waitress a good tip.
The service was great, the food was great and when we left the dining room started to fill up.
There was even some Policemen from Henderson PD there, so you know the food is good.
We've been having the Timber's Baby Bear Breakfast for years and other lunches and dinners.
We'll be back, coupon or not.
Whoever is cooking those burgers at night is doing a great job!
I want more!

Timber's was the final stop last night to conclude some birthday debauchery for one of my best friends.
Phil, the bartender, was fantastic in letting us play endless rounds of pool, and drink Jameson shots to our hearts' desire.
Timber's wasn't very busy, however, the pool table/restaurant side of the bar looked like a hurricane had hit it.
Beer bottles, pint glasses, papers all over the place.
I'm not sure if Phil was shorthanded but this place was a mess before we got there.
Regardless, we all had a good time and accomplished our mission of b-day fun for my buddy.

this is the 1st time I'd been to this Timbers and we had a coupon for $10 off of $25 (that INCLUDED DRINKS!!
) This is a smart move by this place b/c without it we would never have gone.
We spent way over $25 b/c the drinks were almost $5 anyway!
This is definitely not a cheap place to drink.
but the vibe was chilled and thy were showing my babes game so we stayed.
I ordered the Beef sandwhich w/ au jus.
Never had one before but this was pretty good.
with french fries - it was a lot of food - see foto.
I could only eat half before getting stuffed.
My bf ordered the philly - wow.
now that looked delicious.
I think he won but he says it was a draw since his cole slaw wasnt good.
Very bland.
No taste - not mayo, and not vinegar.
just bland.
Kinda hospital foody.
TIP: do not get the cole slaw.
Get fries or ask for a side salad if possible?
For $9 I'd think they should let you.
lettuce is cheaper than fries last time I ckd.
Ck ur newpaper before you toss all those fliers that kill trees: occasionally they will throw Sweet Tomatoes & Timbers coupons out there.
Again, had they not allowed drinks in the mix we'd not have gone.
they also had oen coupon that was bogof for up to $8.00 This would be a good one to use if ur not drinking that night.

What in the world is going on?
Just got back from there and it's not the same.
I ordered the Southwestern burger (The one I raved about in my previous review) and got some kind of burger with a green chile on it.
The waitress was new, but I told her about the mistake and said that I would eat it anyways since my wife got here burger and I didn't want to wait for a replacement.
Strke one.
Well, I did my best and it wasn't very good at all.
The quality isn't like it used to be and I don't even know what kind of burger this one was suppose to be?
Strike two.
The burger patty is no longer huge, thick and handformed into a square size, it's small and round like you get frozen out of a box.
Strike three!
There wasn't anyone else dining in the place like there used to be.
I think the previous wait staff has moved to greener pastures.
I was really bummed out, I had given this place 5 stars almost a year ago.
What happened to the cook that used to be there?
or is it the same person, but with degraded food stock?
Please Timbers management, turn this place back to where it once was.

I was glad to see another $10 off Timbers coupon in the mail today, but then I looked closer and it is now $10 off a $30 tab and not $25 like it once was.
What do I have to do to get the bill over $30?
drink more beer or order something extra that we don't want to eat?
No good, please change my Timbers back to where it was.
We havn't had a Baby Bear breakfast in a long time, the place isn't the same.

This location is very close to home, so we popped in to grab a bite, recollecting that they had some decent sliders.
We placed our order with the bartender at the bar.
We got both the Angus and BBQ chicken sliders, accompanied by some sweet potato fries and onion rings.
The burgers were great, I loved that the buns were soft.
The chicken sliders had a tangy BBQ sauce on it, very yummy.
While we ate, my boyfriends played some Keno.
I wish they had one of those Mega Touch game centers at the bar, I probably would've stayed much longer.
Since we're not much drinkers...
The bartender was nice and timely.
Not much business during our visit.
I'd say our lunch there was pretty standard.

Always enjoy taking family here in the dining room for a casual dinner, great food and great prices!
Love getting our coupons in the mail and heading down to Timbers for later night dinner...
Thanks!

We didn't eat here but just came for drinks and to watch the olympics.
For both this place was fine.
It wasn't over crowded, there were TV's all over, and the drinks were decent.
There were even couches if we wanted to get more comfortable than sitting at the bar.
To hang out this place is fine but I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to come here.
It's definitely a local spot.

Dont laugh but my friends from school and I used to love coming here to study!
I know we've gotten some weird looks from patrons as we stroll right in, whipping out our laptops and books and ordering beer!
We find the female servers here very nice, giving us order suggestions that are student-budget friendly!
Chicken wings, nachos with artichoke (spinach?
) dips go well with a pitcher of beer and make for a very productive study session.
Who knew?
Lol.
Now that we're done with school, we might plan a get together here soon.
But to students from ______  who are thinking of checking this place out (you know who you are!
), don't hesitate!
Try Timbers!

Decent neighborhood bar.
They have these large over stuffed chairs around tables in the bar area.
They make you want to curl up and hang out a while.
The mixed drinks are no joke and could only have one before I moved to my beer stand by.
My friend agreed and she moved to a calmer recommended drink after the first.
The spinach dip was surprisingly good.
Our waitress was nice, came around often enough that we were not looking for her, but not too often to bug us.
I would return.

This is a great place for grabbing some breakfast while watching football.
There's enough screens that they can usually put what ever game you want on.
Servers are always very nice.
$6 gets you 2 eggs, hash browns, toast and the best ever bacon.
Their bloody mary is spicy and tasty too.
Good drink and food specials during football games.

Neighborhood bar...really good wings and awesome staff.
It's Timbers...what more can I say?
Try the one near you!

We got coupons in the mail and decided to try this Neighborhood bar out.
Lucky for us we did.
The place was clean and the location was in a safe area.
We had the chicken strips and the artichoke dip, both were out of this world.
The staff was very friendly and attentive without being pestering.
Pitchers of beer were very cold.
If this place had a Trivia Machine, like many bars do,  it would have our business every weekend.
Regardless we have been back a few more times and will again eventually.

I'd never been to one of these but needed a drink after work one Saturday and BWW was entirely too crowded because of UFC.
Service at the bar was pretty good.
The drinks were reasonably priced.
But HOLY SMOKE.
I realize now why I NEED to go to a place like BWW's bar when I just want some drinks, because there's no smoking there.
But, naturally, since this place is 21 and over - unlike BWW - and has gaming you can smoke to your heart's delight.
And people do.
They nearly smoked me out of the place.
(I'm not judging, I just can't handle all that smoke sometimes.
And some places do a better job of "filtering" it than others).
I always get seemingly pretty good coupons for this place in the mail, the bar food looks pretty good, and I think they serve breakfast all day so it would be perfect for me here.
It is a good option for cheap drinks and gaming locally but the smoke will likely keep me away.

I stopped into this place on a Monday night with a co-worker during one of my business trips.
I found it to be a mixed bag, for me.
Keep in mind that I am not a sports bar person, so this review can be a little skewed.
The +'s:  The food portions were generous, and the items were generally tasty.
Pricing is reasonable, and service was good.
The -'s:  The place is not well lit (maybe a just my impression as lighting has a very real effect on TV viewing) and since it is a gaming/over 21 establishment, it was a little too smoky for my liking (something I should have known in advance-so my bad).
They do not accept American Express, so it did not work well for me or my business partner in that regard.
Overall, tasty food, attentive, friendly service.
Just not "my cup of tea" as they say.

My wife and i used to come here almost every Sunday.
I will never go back because of the service of a waitress.
Doesn't know how to serve or treat customers.
Waited 40 minutes for a cold burger.
filled my sprite with water because she was so busy trying to argue with my wife about old food that was in a fork that she served us and rudely says I don't clean the dishes hunny.
She had something smart to say after asking for simple condiments.
I have never wrote on yelp before but this service was ridiculous.

My classmates and I always come here after our exams (about once a month).
The bartenders are nice, and always serve us quickly.
We ran into one of them at Quinn's on St. Patrick's day and he recognized us, which either means that we go here way too much or he has a fantastic memory.
.. Maybe both.
The spinach & artichoke dip is remarkably delicious.
Sometimes we get coupons in the mail, which is nice.
I had to dock two stars for the SMELL.
I know this is Vegas(ish) and people are still allowed to smoke inside, but they really need to get some fans or windows or new vents or something.
I am definitely not a fan of the stifling stench of old cigarettes and the fact that my hair smells like cigarettes when I leave.
Everything else is dandy, though!

I love this place !
First time I came in I felt right at home lol where the best drinks in the world are made!
Hella thick shots!
For a good price FREEEEEEE LOL

I guess I had to give it something to rate it.
Before I even walked thru the door the bartender deemed I was to drunk to serve.
Not sure whether they were just being lazy or being presuming that I was drunk based upon it being 11:30.
Sucks for this place because I would regularly drink and play here after work but because they assumed I was drunk based upon who knows what and wouldn't serve me I will never be back.

The baby bear never gets old.

