I can't give this place 5 stars since I have never had a surgery before, or even extensive mouth work done before I came here to get my wisdom teeth removed.
With that said the reference to this place was quick, and my first consult with them went very smoothly.
I was having some trouble with my bottom left wisdom tooth and wanted it out, then I decided to have all of them taken out at once so I wouldn't ever have to worry about it.
To start, when my boyfriend and I got there, a woman was in a very heated argument (on her side) about the co-pay being due on the day of the surgery, before the surgery.
Now, this is explained to you on the day you have your consult and you decide what to do.
It is in the terms of agreement you sign on that day, so it shouldn't be a surprise.
But she was mad, and proceeded to scream and rage at the manager for an hour.
Later this same manager came back to me to schedule my appointment.
I asked for a day when I had no school, but the soonest times were all taken.
She was ncie enough to actually call someone and ask them if they would mind rescheduling their appointment, and so I was able to get a day I wanted.
This alone is worth a 4 star review, but alas, later on there was an issue with my stitches.
I went in because one hole was still swollen and leaking- and then I found out it had food lodged in it.
Gross.
Painful.
My bad.
Anyways, I had gone in earlier than my appointed check up date, and I asked if I still needed to come for that appointment, since I had just seen the doctor.
I was told that if I didn't want to, to call and tell them, but otherwise I could come in for it.
I arrived on the appointment day only to be looked at like a crazed person.
By everyone.
It was really off-putting, especially after having experienced such great customer service.
I felt awkward, which made me very mad.
I mean really, if there is a problem just tell me.
But no, everyone had to give me that 'wtf?
' look.
Then to make it worse, while waiting in the waiting room for a doctor to see me, I overheard the nurses talking about me.
They tried to whisper, but seriously, come on, everyone can hear you.
It wasn't anything bad, just them wondering why I was there, and that made me even more angry.
I wanted to scream "BECAUSE I HAVE AN APPOINTMENT, ARE WE IN THE TWILIGHT ZONE?
"  I got back to see a nurse, NOT a doctor, and was asked, FINALLY why I was there.
"You had a check up a few days ago.
" No.
No I did not.
Who the hell said that?
Oh, one of your staff randomly decided to file that emergency appointment as my actual check up?
No.
I never called in to cancel, so therefore, it should have stayed as a scheduled appointment.
The manager herself had even told me that.
This mess up alone knocked them down because it was so ridiculous and unprofessional.

I have to say one of the best places to go to.
Here is the back story and reason I had to go to this place.
I have had a bad tooth for a year and was waiting to get dental insurance at my current job.
I went in for a cleaning and the office( not mountain view) took xrays and after a review with the Dr said no problem.
I made an appointment on Wednesday and got 2 fillings and an extraction but the Dr didn't have an assistant.
Come to find out he shares an assistant on Wednesday and has one on Friday.
The office didn't tell me this so I had to make another appointment for Friday.
Had to miss  work and the boss wasn't too happy.
Went in and the Dr numbed the area but couldn't numb the tooth.
Has been doing this for 6 yrs and never had a problem.
Didn't have all the correct supplies so will not be going back to that office again.
He called Mountain View and asked if he could get me in right away.
The Dr personally took me to Mountain View and talked with the oral surgeon to make sure I was well taken care of and had a ride back to my house.
After the extraction took me home and offered to take me anywhere I needed to make sure I wasnt in pain.
I was taken back and prices were great.
My insurance didnt cover this but I was offered all the services and price break down so I knew how much it was going to be.
Mountain View fit me in right away and numbed the area and got the tooth out.
I have no pain (was prescribed pain meds) but he took it out with little effort  that i didnt need anything.
in short prices were very affordable, great service, very knowledgeable, and if ever needed again will be back.
I hope not to go back but highly recommended!

I was referred to Dr. Dudek by a pharmaceutical rep friend of mine she had gotten her wisdom teeth out and was beyond happy about the experience.
I was in no pain just wanted to get all 4 wisdom teeth out before my insurance ran out scheduling went great got times I needed the first consult was good quick down to the point.
Did I have to wait a little yes it's a dr office any idiot who complains about that needs to get over it one day you will be that scared pt that asks a lot of questions and holds up the clinic.
Saw Dr. Dudek and scheduled for my extraction was able to do a Friday at 4pm which was great I didn't have to take anytime off for recovery or procedure.
I was completely sedated which was heavenly didn't feel a thing I was just a little moody when woken up from my nap lol :) today I am 1 day after the surgery and I keep looking to make sure he really took teeth out because I have not felt ANY pain I'm still shocked not even sore or sensitive NOTHING I was prescribed a mild pain killer and ibuprofen for inflammation I have taken those by instruction and this has been the best dentist experience of my life.
I thought it was going to be the most painful but I'm still in aw 4 teeth out and I feel like I can eat a cheeseburger no problem.
Also all staff beyond sweet and thorough.
Kay and the philipino gal in the front super professional.
Then there was a short Hispanic and another philipino medical assistant in the back great at explaining everything and just good at there job will be recommending Mountain View Oral Surgery to everybody.

