What girl actually likes going into an auto parts store?
I know I can get lost looking at all of the parts that they have and it just seems so intimidating.
It's like the equivalent of a guy going into a baby store maybe?
Anyhow, I decided to head straight up to sales associate for help with what I needed.
He typed it in the computer and voila!
he found what I needed and he got it for me.
So easy and uncomplicated...definitely my type of shopping.
I'm sure I could have gotten the part for cheaper at some place like Walmart, but that would have taken much longer.
Overall it will be my choice for getting random parts needed.

I was leaving for home tonight when my Truck barely turned over...
It seemed like it was having a problem the past few days.
I decided it needed a new battery and I drove straight to the nearest Autozone.
When I got there, I was promptly assisted by Ashley.
I asked her for a new battery, but she suggested that we test it first.
We did and we saw that my negative terminal was corroded (it wasn't like that a month ago).
She was kind enough to give me a a socket wrench kit, battery terminal cleaner, some spray and some shop towels so I could clean it up.
After I cleaned it up, we tried again but wasn't getting a good test.
I decided then to buy the Duralast Gold Battery and had it hooked up in no time.
The Duralast Gold Battery comes with a 3 year warranty.
:)  After returning the tools, she also offered that I could wash my  hands in the back.
Very friendly staff.
In the years I've been going to this store, this is the best, cleanest Autozone I've ever been to and I've been to a lot.
This places deserves a FIVE STAR RATING!
Customer service is not dead in the world.
It exists at Autozone.

The biggest reason I appreciate this place is that they don't treat me like a second-hand citizen because I'm a woman.
So many car places do that, and this place never has.
I've come in for bulbs for my front and rear lamps, for replacement coolant, for sparkplugs and wires, and not once have I had someone pull the 'oh sweetie, you don't want that, let me show you'.
The people here are helpful and not one bit condescending.
High-five.

They started out great!
Went to them back in Oct 2011 to get my battery replaced & they did it without hesitation.
So when my power steering pump gave out a few weeks ago, I decided to go back to them.
They special ordered my pump & got it in two days.
Unfortunately, the pump didn't work properly so I went back a week later to get a replacement.
Another order had to be placed & I was told it would arrive in two days.
Two days later, I call to see if it arrived & I was told my order had been cancelled due to a non-payment!
Say what?!
So I decided to get a refund & tried to get the pump from another store.
Unfortunately, the other store's pump didn't come with the sensor adapter, so I decided to go back to Autozone & place yet another order (#3 in 2weeks).
This third attempt is what brought me to write this review.
I was told by the Assistant Manager who took my special order that it would arrive either the next day by 3pm or the following morning.
I decided to go with the latter & called in 845am that morning.
They couldn't find it so they decided to give me the run-around & tell me that it's scheduled to arrive that afternoon by 3pm.
I call back 430pm that afternoon & they still couldn't find my pump.
So the following morning I decide to go into the store & speak with the Store Manager to see what was going on.
He informs me that their computer shows my special order pump did arrive, but it was redirected to their warehouse, which in turn got sent back to their distributor.
I was so upset & livid that I couldn't even make complain about their poor service & communication with me.

Came with a dead completely dead dead as osama bin laden battery.
They did a test and offered to charge it up for an hour.
They did and it was no charge.
This autozone has been here before i put my car into storage and continued to pull through a year later and get my car outta storage.

I've been to a lot of auto part stores over my life, and never had a better experience than I did today.
Axel is the store manager and he is a genuine and cool guy, who totally helped us out for no charge.
We asked to have the battery checked and he pretty much diagnosed and fixed our problem even though the battery itself was perfectly fine.
Trish installed a battery for us a couple months ago, again great service.
I noticed in one of the reviews below that it said "the entrance to the store is a little odd"...
WTF!?
It's a frickin door to an auto parts store, what the hell are you looking for!?!
A casino entrance with flowers and a bouncer?
Anyway, I'd like to state for all the internet to see that they have a normal commercial door.
You pull the handle and walk through it.

Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 23/100  One of my wipers was trashed and needed to be replaced.
I had looked at wipers at Costco and I had no idea of which wiper blades or sizes I needed to purchase.
They had a book to look up the make and model of your car, but I didn't understand why it was listing (2) separate sizes and styles of wiper blades.
I didn't want to buy the wrong one and have to make a separate trip for a return.
After my failed attempt at Costco, I decided to wait and swing by AutoZone.
After checking their status on Yelp (of course), I drove over to the one on Russell Road in Spring Valley.
Just like Brenda L. said, the employees were great.
I was welcomed upon arrival and they asked me if they could help me find anything.
After I told him that I was looking for wipers for my Mini, he went over to his computer and looked up what would work for my car and then walked me over to the wiper section.
He then took his time to explain all the differences between all the brands and styles that they offered.
I took his suggestions into consideration and purchased a set of new windshield wipers.
Mission accomplished.
Best Part:  The service didn't stop there.
Not only did he help me narrow down my search for the perfect wipers for my Mini, but he actually replaced both of my windshield wiper blades for me.
No extra charge, no expectations, just great, helpful, and friendly customer service.

My battery was acting up and a friend of mine told me that Auto Zone would check batteries for free.
So, I went to my nearest Auto Zone branch and was very much impressed with the service.
Hannah was the one who originally helped me with my battery issue (I ended up buying a new battery and a new steering wheel cover, just 'cause).
She answered all my questions and kept me posted about my battery - if it was good or bad.
Franko installed my battery and wheel cover, since it was Hannah's lunch break.
Both were very friendly, helpful and did a great job, complete with giving me pointers and tips.
Dru, the parts manager, I think, was also very friendly and helpful too when discussing what kind of battery I should get.
I had a great experience with this particular branch of Auto Zone and I would definitely go back there for my other needs and would be more than happy to recommend to any one who needs parts and excellent service.
Good job!

I know nothing about cars.
What things should cost, how to fix them, etc.
What I do know is good customer service.
On every occasion I have been to this store, the service is outstanding.
They will help remover a battery, put the new one in.
They treat you with respect when you have no idea what you are talking about.
Thank you AutoZone, for helping the car challenged not feel so challenged.

I came in to buy a new bulb for my left head lights few weeks ago.
Although they were short staffed when I came in and had to wait for for my turn to be helped, I would still say the service they offer here is good.
Very polite and friendly staff.
The guy who helped me explained what my options are and prices.
I have no clue about car parts so im really glad about this.
After my purchase, they installed my new headlight bulb for me which were very helpful.

