They started up service in Arizona, so we had them come out to our house in AZ for some repair service.
I was really pleased with their work as they could have easily charged me alot more and replace more then they need to.
But instead, they only replaced an O Ring and charged a reasonable amount.

I'm not sure what happened to this company.
We've used them for about 6 years and service was always okay, pool clean but you had to be aware of when they were coming and make sure they actually finished the job, but this last year has been awful.
In and out in 15 minutes, pool green all summer, and now patches of black mold.
I checked the system and all of the filters were completely clogged, 4 places in the piping were leaking due to the pressure build up, and their strategy for clean water was running the filter for 24 hours.
They actually programmed the pool filter timer to run 24/7.
My electricity bill for the month was $320..and we were out of town the entire month.
(my neighbor said water was rushing into the driveway at one point, but they didn't call me about it..not sure what happened there) They let my water feature go stagnant last year and this year and I ended up being responsible for a massive mosquito infestation to the neighborhood.
Last year, the top blew off the main sand filter and water was gushing into the street.
Now, you cant get the top off of this filter because they twisted on across the threads.
They seem to have a lot of turn over, and so its an ongoing learning curve for the guys on my system.
George lives in Arizona and when I called him to let him know that I would no longer be using his company and asked him some information pertaining to the specifics of my equipment, he laughed at me as if to say, your problem.
Blah :(

It is so refreshing to have FINALLY found a reasonably priced and HONEST service to help with my in ground spa.
I bought my house a year ago.
On the spa equipment was another company.
It took.
Two months to get them on the phone (no joke) and when they finally sent someone, he charged me $80 and did nothing but spend 30 minutes to write up a bill for how much he would charge to replace a light.
It was OVER $850.
They have a number of bad reviews on here.
Now that I have found ASAP, George told me they charge less than half of that.
Plus, the problem that I was having was solved very quickly and fixed very in expensively.
I am very happy and very satisfied with my service and will now be a customer for life.

Not sure if they know much about pools, and they were kinda rude on the phone, Yes, I never hired them, because I never got past the phone call.
I'm looking for a company to scrape the epoxy paint off the inside of my pool and repaint it.
He said he didn't even know what I was talking about.
He said "I think the word you are looking for is plaster"  Really?

