I have stopped at this Starbucks several times when I've been in this area.
It's not too far from the 15 for a fairly quick off and back on.
The outlet is a regular Starbucks box with the normal pastries and the normal interior.
The staff today was quite competent.
We had leisurely drinks before going to a show at CSN Cheyenne Campus.

One of of the better Starbucks located in a very convenient location.

A fan of Starbucks or not, this particular location is probably the best Starbucks in town.
It is getting a 5 star review from me!
This is one of the busiest Starbucks in town.
Don't even bother going during Nascar!
In the mornings, there is easily a line out the door, but the wait is still pretty good.
The service is always fast.
The store's manager runs a tight ship.
Everything is always clean, and staff is always friendly.
A lot of them go out of their way to remember my name.
The drinks are always perfect, and if they aren't, they have no problem remaking your drink.
I want to give this Starbucks a 5/5 review to show my appreciation for their great service, and great coffee!

I love the location of it.
Right off I15 and next to Craig Rd.
The staff is great and service is pretty good.
They don't burn my coffee like other Starbucks.

This particular Starbucks has incredibly nice, competent employees.
On mornings when I wake up before my boyfriend and need some java this is where I go.
It's clean and efficent.
There's always a nice aroma of coffee.
I've been through the drive-thru as well and it can be a bit slow, but not nearly as slow as some others I have been to.
Also, their breakfast sandwiches, although overpriced (yes I know, it's Starbucks), are yummy yummy!
I actually had one today, the bacon, egg, and gouda cheese.
The gouda cheese definitely makes it real good.
Mm hmm.
Great Starbucks location.
No complaints from me.

It's Starbucks - overpriced, but deliciously refreshing.
I usually come to this location for a frap of some sort.
I have ordered a Chai Latte, which was done horribly and banana bread, which is usually dry.
There aren't really any other coffee shops near this location, and they move the line pretty quick.
I like the location overall.

I love Starbucks in general.
Coffee and I are best friends.
But this Starbucks has a "Drive Thru".
It is a God sent for a busy mom like me.
It  is very close to my home.
I come here when I'm on my way out to drop off my kids or when I'm on my way home.
Even though they are always busy and people are in line, the service is quick and the employees here are VERY friendly.
It just makes my day when I have my coffee!

I go through the drive thru at this location several times on occasion I would leave with a free drink due to long wait, coffee always tasted consistent.
I will be watching for long lines from now on, hoping to get another free coffee!

I dont know how someone can get a vanilla latte wrong but they did, twice.
It wasnt horrible but it just tasted like milk.
In Arizona where i live, i order that every day.
The great thing about this Starbucks is the friendly employees and its clean and the drive through line goes fast.
Quick and to the point!

In terms of the drinks I've had here, there's nothing to complain about.
Good ol' delicious caffeine as sustenance to get us through the day.
The service, however, isn't always on par.
I haven't frequented it enough to say I'm a regular or to justify that the service is always like this...but when I have gone, they don't seem to be very efficient.
They didn't take names for orders, so when it came to picking them up, there was a slight confusion.
It also doesn't help when the person calling out the order is soft spoken and you couldn't hear them in the first place.
I've never gone through the drive thru at this location, so I can't vouch or comment on that.

How do I even give a Starbucks less than 4 stars??
What's wrong with me, right?
It's not the staff's fault, they are actually pretty good and I always wonder how a coffee artist at a Starbucks deals with all of us grouchy customers before we had our first cup.
It's not the actual establishment.
It's always clean and there's always someone keeping it clean.
It's a small Starbucks.
I think my garage is even bigger.
My issue with this specific Starbucks is that it's always a long wait in the morning.
I know it has to do with location because the IN-N-Out a block away is also the longest wait as well.
Both the drive through and inside service takes at least 15 minutes, sometimes longer.
I think I'll stick to my Starbucks inside Smith's.
No drive thru, but at least I'm in and out.
By the way...anyone ever notice that most people in line in the morning have this pissed off look.
I hate my life, I hate mornings look.
Then they get their coffee and it's how you doing and have a nice day.
Yes, that's me too.

Good staff here there speed of making your drink in a timely manor is very normal like any busy starbucks.
If your order was messed up maybe it was someone being trained or you went in to the drive-thru its going to happen don't cry just inform them they messed up on the order they will be happy to make your order right.
You still have good quality and great service.

Poor service inside.
No creamer on the bar,and they were put  out to provide a good customer experience.
No greeting when entering the store, or waiting in line.
Store is not very clean.

Kinda hit or miss with this Starbucks.
My mom visited me last month and was also upset at how snarky some of the baristas can be here.
Granted, it was the holiday season and everyone was there to enjoy their holiday coffee drinks.
But there is still room for courteousness and politeness.
I enjoy that they have a drive-thru window though.
I only come here when I look too ungodly to walk into the Starbucks in Smith's, who have more friendly staff.

It's ok, I only do drive thru..
Better service.
Pastrys r very fresh.

This Starbucks is perfectly located for me on the way to work via 15 South freeway.
It's a drive thru one as well which is a huge plus for people on the go!
I never had a problem with long lines like the other people who go in the morning (as I stop by everyday on the way to work around late afternoon lol, yeah I know lucky me right?
:p)  The Barista's always get my "custom" order right and greet me with a big smile everyday.
I had no issues with the service.

Great location with a drive-thru.
I never have to wait too long for a drink when I walk on or use the drive-thru.
The beverages are made the way I order them and I have never had any issues.

Drove through to grab beverages prior to heading into the Cannery with family in from out of town.
The line was a little lengthy, but they shuttled the caffeine craving patrons through rather quickly.
The quick service and friendly drive thru attendant were better than  the average drive thru experience.

Starbucks at 7am is pretty much heaven for every teacher.
This particular Starbucks gets a huge share of the teacher's working in the North Las Vegas area.
I know on several occasions I have run into other teachers from my school and a couple of the neighboring schools.
They handle the morning rush beautifully.
All the workers are nice and work super efficiently.
Also for those cold mornings, they have a drive through, so you don't have to leave your heated car.
It is funny that I ended up here as often as I do considering I don't really drink coffee.
When I need a pick me up in the morning before class and I'm not still working on lesson plans, I sometimes swing by on my way to work to pick up either a soy hot chocolate or their Awake black tea.
It always hits the spot without getting me jittery (coffee is a bit too much caffeine to me).
It also doesn't hurt that they have sandwiches and boxed lunches for those days I forget/don't have time to make lunch for myself in the morning.
Yea, those are on the expensive side, but they are infinitely better than school lunches.
On top of handling the morning rush like pros, they are also life savers.
One morning I purchased 20 gift cards.
I know that sounds excessive, but some were prizes for students during a huge review game and others were just some extras I like to keep on me for emergency gifts.
Well, in the all of the commotion of morning, after I purchased the gift cards, I walked out and left them on the counter.
The wonderful people working there knew I'd be back so they put it in the safe and when I called 30 minutes later they said not to worry and that I could pick them up any time.
Needless, to say I rushed back and picked them up with just enjoy time before I needed to start teaching.
Life as a teacher is always a surprise, some good and some bad.
This Starbucks seems to always help put a little good in my day.

The Starbucks here in the morning goes by super quick.
Very friendly and fast.
Love it when the workers work well together.
A+++ :))

always friendly and happy to make special orders the way you like them or they'll keep trying until they get it right at no cost to you ... Also they open at 4am when most others arent open til 5

LOVE this location.
Rarely have any issues with my drinks, when I do they are happy to remake it.
The staff is really great and friendly especially the evening shift!
My wait is usually not lengthy.
I would however like more comfy seating.
I would love it even more if it was a bit bigger.
It tends to always have a lot of patrons enjoying some amazing Starbucks!

I love Starbucks but this one I try to avoid because they are always so busy.
Drive threw I usually wait 15-20 minutes .

This particular location had a long wait and the girls working the drive thru were extremely rude.
They seemed bothered to have customers.
Then my husbands drink came out the wrong size and was made wrong.
When he stopped to take it in to have it fixed they did not apologize and had an attitude about fixing it.
I get they were busy, but you still need to show good customer service.
I love my Starbucks and would not have cared about the wait as much if we didn't have to deal with teenage girl attitude.

