Pretty good selection of items.
I have seen better.
The pharmacy people are really nice and helpful.
I would probably be back here to visit the pharmacy.

My primary reason for visiting this Walgreens is for the pharmacy.
It's close to home and convenient.
The pharmacy staff here isn't as helpful or efficient as other locations but there's usually not a long wait which is nice.
I prefer the Walgreens on Flamingo and Buffalo, their pharmacy staff is better and they are open 24 hours.
The rest of the store is adequate.
Clean store with pleasant staff.

It's a Walgreens, and it's much like every other Walgreens out there.
Except that the customer service here is always above standard, which I sincerely appreciate.

This is my go-to store when i need a bag of chips, a bar of soap, etc.
- it's the closest store to the casa.
I'm a little disappointed Walgreen opted to join the masses and have a "frequent buyer" program requiring a card - i've got enough with the various grocery stores !
The beer selection stinks but it's rare that i buyer a 6-er anyways so not a big issue.
I like that they have decent sales on sundry items   Also have to ding them a star for not being open 24 hours.
Overall, a decent walgreens.

This walgreens is the worst!!!
I got stuck here because my insurance no longer deals with CVS.
Allow me to describe the hell I went through here.
First on the saturday before I left for vacation I woke up with signs of pink eye I called my eye doc who faxed over a script it was around 9 am.
I waited a bit and called walgreens to see if they received it and when it would be ready.
Well I got the nastiest person on the phone she was upset I called to ask about my script because as she said " she just got there and is way to busy to look" I explained that I needed the meds because I was leaving for vacation the next day and I just wanted to be sure she got the fax.
She sighed and said yeah fine hold on I will look.
She comes back and tells me she got it but they dont have the meds in stock.
So I asked her is any other walgreens had it.
She told me she didnt know and I should call around and find out.
Guess she was to busy to check.... after calling ten different places no one had the meds I finally called my eye doc who called her back with a different script.
It was like pulling teeth to get her to do anything.
But wait there is more.....
The last straw was my hubby called on a thursday to get his script transferred to walgreens from CVS again due to our insurance we had no choice he was told it would be ready at noon the next day and for transferring he would get a 25 dollar gift card.
I went the next day at 5:57pm to get my script and his.
I was told by Daniel it was not ready.
When I asked why he said he didnt know but it would be ready in and hour so I drove home and back again an hour later this time I got mrs nasty in the drive through she told me well sorry but I just got the transfer from CVS and It is not ready it took me all day to get it .
I was pissed I told her why in the hell would Daniel say it would be ready if you didnt have it to begin with?
This is not fair for me to have to drive back and fourth for a script your not filling?
She said it was not her problem... and if I wanted it I would have to wait another fifteen minutes.
...
I finally had enough and asked for a manger I was told there wasnt one in ... how convenient.
I parked and went inside finally they had my script ready but then wouldnt give me my gift card.
I had to argue with them to get it.
I have called their corp office and hope something gets done because no one should have to put up with that.
On a seperate note I was not the only one as there were several people in line when I went in to the store and mrs.
Nasty told all of them their scripts were not ready and they would have to come back and they too complained that they were promised it would be ready by a certain time and were aggravated when they left.
So I am not sure what they do there but they are not filling perscriptions.
Do yourself a favor go to cvs they are much better and when they say your stuff will be ready it is.
They are very friendly and helpfull so just cross the street if you want better service

This pharmacy and its Pima educated clerks need an overhaul.
Countless times they have completely botched my monthly refill, playing God in a way at this location seems to be the theme.
I've had to get a full refund from the manager for $266 after calling my ins to prove it was covered after arguing that I've been taking it for two years & its covered!
Avoid this location, seems they need to work out more than kinks.
It's criminal the power these low level clerks have over people's pain & suffering.
I'm not alone when I say a complete cleaning of the house is needed.
Disgraceful really, wheres the district manager?

