I just held my mom's 52nd surprise party at this place (2/5/11) and I cannot say enough how great the whole experience was.
I checked out 6 ballroom/ dancing venues around town because I wanted a "ballroom party" for her birthday and VZ Academy was the most classy, the most posh, and the most "together" place I checked out--- not to mention reasonably priced.
The place has dark wood floors and mood lighting, a disco ball, great sound system, defnitely fully equipped for a party atmosphere.
From the moment I walked in to speak with someone (I got Varton?
the owner, I think is how his name was pronounced), through to the moment the party ended and I was walking out, they have been courteous, professional, and on top of all the details.
I had very specific preferences, which included set up time, music, a "DJ" taking care of our music selections throughout the night, and two ballroom teachers doing a "refresher" class in salsa for the whole 50 years old-and-up group, and time with the teachers dance-hosting for some time afterwards... he broke it down for me and also was open to my counter request after I had canvassed other places.
I even had to make a change with the table layout midweek before the party and they were right on top of it.
They include tables and chairs so you don't need to provide them.
I hosted about 25 people but the place could have comfortably held twice that, I think.
I got compliments all night from my very picky aunts and uncles about the venue and just how classy and how great it was- not to mention the great dancing instructors and music.
The general manager, Sergei, who was there to lay out chairs and take care of the music, even made changes to the music halfway through the night with no complaint when my mom decided she wanted Boogie and Shuffle as opposed to Salsa, which I told them was the theme of the night, danced with people, and just helped "plan" the surprise for when she walked in.
Very pleasant to work with.
All in all- I highly recommend this place as a very reasonably priced-yet-still-classy-and-beautiful party hall, ballroom venue, or dancing party venue... definitely much cooler and much more creative than any "standard" community rec center or reception hall choice I've seen in the valley, at least for the price they gave me!
Thumbs up!

I endorse VZ dance studio very friendly god atmosphere very good dance instructors   and when you there please try the food at VZ Café Mamma Z is a FANTASTIC

