I decided to start coming here during the day when I'm at work and this location is very close to it.
This particular gym is bigger than the Anytime Fitness on W Charleston Blvd.
Around noon there are some people here but it is not over crowded.
I haven't found myself waiting around for any of the machines or weights as of yet.
The elliptical machines are of a higher quality as well and there is more space and ample room to move about.
I like the extensive storage areas for your jackets and gym bags.
Bathrooms are clean and the guy there during the day is nice.
I'll be coming here regularly for sure!

This is a great facility.
It's never too crowded and the equipment I want to use is rarely occupied.
The staff is really friendly and answers all of my questions without making me feel stupid for not knowing how something works.
I don't generally like working out around other people, but I feel very comfortable here.

This place is small, but I like it!
The owner (or manager or whatever he is) is a super nice guy.
I had a free trial and really liked the place and wanted to sign up, but they required at least a year contract and I'm not down with that.

My personal Church of Iron.
Close to home, open 24/7, has all the essentials including free weights, and usually has between only 4-6 other people working out at any given time (and usually the majority is refined to those elliptical machines that put cotton in your biceps).
The trainers are friendly and not pushy sales-wise.
If you are looking for a basic gym with no fluff and are looking to just plain get in, do your workout, and get out, then this is the place for you.
Oh and for the record, I have nothing against those elliptical machines, just making a joke :)

Dianna and Mike are awesome, they are very friendly and always helpful.
This location is great at adding new machines and equipment to suit their members.
The club is always clean and the machines are updated and very well kept.
It has a perfect variety of weights and equipment and it's never too busy during their business hours.

