I started going to this branch of Labcorp after a really bad experience with another well known lab chain in Las Vegas.
I like the fact that I can make an appointment and be called in front of people who didn't.
It's available to all, but few use the appointment option.
The staff here has always been friendly and competent.
There is plenty of parking in front and in back of the medical building in which the lab is located.
The lab is on the second floor of the building.
My only problem was the building staff don't unlock the front and back doors until some time after 7:30 even though the lab opens at 7.
You have to wait until someone comes out before you can get in.
This caused me to wonder how the first clients ever get into the building.
This is not a Labcorp problem.
Rather, it lies with the management of the building.

Chose a different location if u can.
The staff is nice but they are severely understaffed, so the wait is horrible.

Went here to get blood drawn and for a urinalysis.
I made an appointment on-line the same day.
I was in and out in about 15 minutes.
Loved how quick they got me in and out.
Also, I have small, rolling veins and giving blood doesn't always go well.
However, the nurse did a great job of quickly getting a full draw from me.
I was very impressed with this location.

They are way understaffed for the amount of patients that come through their doors.
I made my appointment for 8:15 AM.
I showed up and there are 4 people that signed in before me without appointments.
I patiently waited and at 8:40, they called me up to get registered.
I asked the secretary how long it would take to get my blood drawn at that point since I had to go to work at 9, and she said, "I don't know.
" What we both knew, however, was that I had an appointment that wasn't honored.
After registration, I sat back down as the secretary called another name.
A gentleman seated stood up with frustration demanding to know why the lady was called first.
"Oh, it's because she had an appointment and we're behind schedule..." What?!
So theoretically, my name should have been called before the four people before me on that list.
And it wasn't.
I was furious.
I was called back at 8:45.
Here's the reason why this place didn't get a one-star rating.
The phlebotomist knew what she was doing.
I'm usually a hard stick and it takes multiple attempts to get some blood on me, but this lady only attempted a single poke.
In.
Out.
Done.
Easy as pie.
I was out of the office at 8:48.
I usually go to another LabCorp but went to this one specifically because it was near my work.
I learned my lesson and will never come back.
Appointments or no appointments, expect to wait a while.

Today was my first time at Labcorp and what an experience it was!
I went to Labcorp because it is who my doctor's office uses for their testing.
The nurse told me to make an appointment since they are usually quite busy, so I did.
The Labcorp website is easy to use and to make an appointment of your choosing.
You can even fill out the insurance info online, so you don't  have to do the paperwork upon arrival.
I love saving time!
I arrived about 5 minutes early and was called back before I could even finish a round of CandyCrush on my phone.
The phlebotomist was professional and friendly.
I was in and out in 5 minutes.
Yep the whole time spent in Labcorp was 10 minutes.
I couldn't believe it!
I hope my doctor always uses Labcorp because 10 minutes is about as long as I want to spent at an appointment.

Well haven't gone inside room yet, but walked in and receptionist don't even look T me or say hi, she says after 1 minute sign in and I'll call you when I'm ready!!
Still don't even look up, how rude!

Very friendly service.
I arrived later in the afternoon to avoid all of the grumpy people that were under fasting orders.
The servcie was quick and efficient.

You don't have to have an appointment but should!
Wait can be long.
I have to have routine bloodwork and this is probably my least favorite location.
All the employees seem bored or unhappy.
I try hard to engage people and be pleasant but it's even harder here.
Why be miserable at your job when you don't have to?

Was in and out today.
First time ever.
Chairs need an upgrade.
Should be a little more cautious about infection control

My wife arrived at lunch time without an appointment.
We were greeted promptly with a smile and simple instructions for the paperwork.
In and out in 10 minutes and my wife didn't even feel the stick.
Great experience.

