So far I've been to this location about 4 times and each time the front desk staff is really friendly.
I don't get the fake vibe like I tend to get at a lot of tanning places.
I have never seen it unclean or unkempt in the handful of times that I've been there.
I only have -1 star for price because it is pretty pricey.
If it weren't such a convenient location for me, I probably would go somewhere else simply due to pricing.
All in all, I would recommend it to a friend.

I have to rave about my experience here yesterday.
I got a groupon for 2 versaspa spray tans so I ventured in to try it out.
The place is immaculate, nothing like the tanning salons I used to frequent years ago that wreaked of smelly lotions and sweat.
It was well ventilated and decorated like a high end hair salon.
The staff member I had the pleasure of dealing with was named Crystal.
And what a pleasure it was, she had me cracking up from the moment she started talking.
She was so friendly and easy going.
Being that it was my first spray tan, she had to walk me through the entire process.
I had quite a few questions and she answered each one willingly and patiently.
She was so genuine and unpretentious it made my experience relaxing and enjoyable.
She explained the versaspa machine and literally showed me which standing positions were best for optimal coverage.
The instructions she gave were perfect, I have absolutely even coverage without streaking or darker areas, etc.
My initial worry was that I would turn orange and look like an oompa loompa, but the tan that developed is bronze perfection!
Being a redhead with pasty skin it's hard for me to tan naturally.
Even when I use a tanning bed it just seems like my freckles get closer together and my skin gets dried out.
This spray tan method is my new favorite!
I've paid $70+ at spas getting exfoliated and rubbed down with sunless tanning lotion, only to have a streaky semblance of a tan.
This spray tan is perfectly even, even over my many lady lumps.
Since it has only been one day since my spray tan session I can't really speak to the longevity of the results yet, but I will be sure to update my review!

I had a groupon for 2 spray tans, so I went to location to have a spray tan and they reply, "Oh I'm sorry our Versaspa is broken at this time.
" What!?
You're a tanning salon and spray tans are HUGE right now due to people caring about getting skin cancer/sun damage etc.
Unacceptable to me.
I definitely will not be back.
You should have had it fixed immediately or have two machines.
Plus the fact I drove 20 minutes, soooooo angry.

I have been tanning here for over a year now and when i started it was great!!
(All five stars) The manager was there all the time and was soo funny.
I really enjoyed going everyday.
I don't remember when it happened but one day i went into tan and they got a new manager.
All the old staff had been "let go".
Now for some reason it just does not feel right.
The boys at the front desk don't wanna chat with you and the music they play..... i would just rather them turn if off (soo three stars) Like someone else put in their review it this place was not convenient i would go somewhere else.
Also I wish they would not try and push me to buy their lotion their cheapest bottle is $70!!!
I would also recommend this to a friend.

I really like this spot!
No complaints :)

Tan Factory... Oh man where to begin.
Anyone on yelp with reviews about their packages are NOT LYING.
And anyone reviewing the company well must be lying.
Now location to location you'll get different staff, which is the only positive remark ill make in this entire review following that the people who work at the charleston location I just adored.
They were clean and prompt..
Most of the time.
They don't try heavily to upsell the products, which was nice considering for unlimited tanning you're already looking at a price of around $100.
I'm not a serious tanner but was looking for a good salon since I'd just moved here from SF and was applying to jobs and hitting the end of the pool party season.
The groupon I started with was fair, $25 for 2 spray tans or 2 bed sessions, which you had to specify one or the other, not interchangeable.
But problem #1 I came to find I couldn't use two $25 two-spray coupons because they were one per customer to start.
Well OKAY I guess, so I gave the other one to my boyfriend for when he'd visit.
Mind you they had a 4-bed session $50-some groupon, but not a larger spray package for the same.
So by the end of my groupon they convinced me as a groupon customer I'd only pay $94 for unlimited.
I signed a contract and the young lady warned me that by signing I'd be promising a minimum of two months before I could cancel, and I said that was okay.
Through December and January I was a tan and happy camper.
Once end of January rolled around, however, holiday pay had ended at my job and hours got cut like crazy.
I knew I wasn't going to be able to afford my package till closer to summer when hours would come back around.
My last day of tanning for the month of january, I told the boy at the counter, who had informed me he was new (I asked since I'd never seen him among the other TF associates) that I wasn't going to be able to afford the package anymore and I wanted to cancel.
As I left I double checked with him that he understood what I needed from him, and he agreed and waved me goodbye.
What a relief I thought, and I'd see them in a few months (tear).
Around the end of May my credit card was reflecting numerous charges from something I'd never heard of, BodyHeat tanning, and I was extremely puzzled.
I went back a couple months and saw I'd gotten a charge of $5.50 for the months of February and March, stated as "TANFACTORY BODYHE LAS VEGAS NV" so I put it together and read these other reviews stating their name change.
So what made it okay for them to charge two months of $5.50, noneless I got the full package charge of $94 for all of April and May!
I hadn't gone since January 29th, and they scan your finger to attach to your account.
So there is proof I hadn't gone in forever.
I call the charleston store and they tell me to call corporate.
Of course it's a holiday weekend and a Saturday nonetheless so I had to wait until today, inching days closer to June where another month will be charged.
I left a voicemail with billing, no call returned.
So today I've now had to call billing back (THIS IS THE BEST PART) who tells me you need to petition by email or fax to get yourself unsigned with the company...
BUT YOU NEED TO DO IT 30 DAYS IN ADVANCE!
I ask her where this is stated and she says in the contract I signed half a year ago.
So not only have I been charged $300 for not showing up somewhere, but no one, including the young man at the counter, the manager, nor the girl who signed me up, told me this ONCE.
So thank you Tanl Factory, or BodyHeat, or whoever the hell you guys are, for sucking us into this nonsense.
Now maybe I should've read the fine print and asked more questions before signing, but as someone who works in retail opening credit accounts through an outside company my CUSTOMER SERVICE knowledge pushes me to discuss the pamphlet we give to new account holders, nonetheless I urge customers to read it as give them a quick brief on what to expect, such as our extremely high interest rate and the issues that come with revolving accounts.
So point being that though the staff is friendly and kind and the place is kept clean (what more do they have to do besides sit on their phones at the desk), the customer service regarding these death contracts are just not worth it in the long run unless you're tanorexic and come enough and you have a extremely steady job to support this madness.
You'd think with so much time on their hands they'd explain the fine print.
You'd have a better shot elsewhere my fellow yelpers, and mind you I don't write negative reviews EVER.
I prefer to praise a company rather than write a bad review, but I've had just enough of this BS.

See Anthony!
He is the best!
Great customer service!
He will always get you in to the right bed quick!
Members get half off on upgrades every Sunday!

