If I could give this place no stars I would.
Only if I could save people from ever living here I would too.
Over the top pricy!!!!!!
I pay almost $1,200 a month and I'm already getting a concession!
I beat myself in the head everytime I think I could be paying a mortage on a home than to live in this awful apartments!
Their security is horrible!
Trying to find a parking space at your own home is impossible, it's easier to build a helicopter pad and flying in than ever finding a parking spot that isn't 10 miles away.
They don't have assign parking even though THEY SHOULD!
They advertise their amenities like it's a luxirious place but it's not!
Their 24 hr gym is only open during bussines hours.
Their fancy computer room is full of old slow computer monitors who's internet blows!
There is no Wii Fit in the gym because it got stolen!
You can't even change the TV channels in the gym or common areas because low life garbage live there and they can't seem to stop stealing!!!
The walls are thin so good luck having to hear your neighboor every night for the rest of your lease!
The pools look phenomenal in pictures though.
Pool areas are always packed with parties full of people that don't even live there and you never get to enjoy what you pay for.
Oh by the way, did I forget to mention that the staff is rude and not ever helpful?
You'd think they being forced to work!
The office never picks up their calls and you always get sent to an offsite answering place that can never seem to answer your questions or ever solve your problems.
Never mind paying more to live across from the pretty pool view.
You will be stuck with parties and loud music playing from 7am in the morning to whatever time you decide to call the cops because the considerate staff forgets to shut off the radios!
How nice of them to have to try to sleep while you are lisenting to Lady GAGA?
The bbq pits are disgusting!
I would never recommend anyone cooking on them unless you clean them and sanatize them yourself because I saw them clean it with a mop once and dirty water!
The place is infested with roaches, they supposly have an exterminator schedule but I never see them come around and I see the ground shift when I walk to my car in the parking lot from all the roaches that are out there crawling the walls.
Be very careful they don't come in your house or they will lay eggs.
Thankfully my house is a death row sentence for these nasty animals.
I can't wait until my lease ends, worst life decision I have ever made!!!

I'll be honest, I think this place is a solid 4-stars.
I'm only giving it five to try and balance out the one star review and spread a little truth on the site.
It IS a little expensive, and that's my one star knockoff quibble.
I lived in a luxury apartment back in Tucson, and this place is about 25% more expensive.
Having said that, it's also about 10% nicer, and cost of living is simply higher in Vegas than Tucson, so I think it's a fair trade- just not a screaming bargain.
My apartment is very nice, way more space than I needed, and has nice features like good lighting and an open bar from the kitchen to living room.
I'll admit, I should have checked for medicine cabinets in the bathroom, but buying a free-standing cabinet fixes that and then you own it.
I'm paying $1,100 a month for a 2bed/2bath, no "concessions", and I added on a private garage.
There's no assigned parking, but my last apartment had that and nobody followed the rules anyway, so who cares?
Getting a garage solves that problem, and gives me a place to keep my tools, etc.
I tend to work a night shift.
These apartments are so quiet I've never heard my neighbors, nor been woken up or even disturbed on my nights off.
The gym here is open plenty late, but it is sometimes inconvenient that it closes at all- no biggie, there's a 24 Hour Fitness less than a mile from here.
And being up during the night, I see the security guys pretty routinely.
I'm really happy with that.
Oh, I love to cook, so the kitchen could use more counter space, but I'm adapting.
The girls in the office have been incredibly helpful every time I've been in.
Nataly and Jody are the two names that come to mind, and I feel awful that I can't remember a third one who basically set up my garage, the clicker, etc.
for me while I was out of town.
I asked for the clicker to be left on my breakfast bar, and when I returned from my trip I had a new garage- CRAZY helpful and nice staff in the office.
The pool, gym, grills, and common area are all very nice, clean and picturesque.
(I have a pool view and don't pay any more, as has been accused) The pools are beautiful, with chairs and canopies lining it.
The patio has a beautiful fireplace and alcove.
The management throws community parties, which is very nice and leaves no excuse to stay a shut-in.
And the gym is CLEAN, and not funky smelling.
I've never looked for a TV clicker because I listen to my iPod, but fans by the treadmills would be nice.
As for the common area?
It's a got a sink, free coffee, and a nice couch and TV.
As a matter of fact...  Ok, I just ran downstairs and couldn't find the clicker in the club room, but the buttons on the side of the *provided* TV has buttons that work just fine if you're not lazy and will get up to change the channel.
Plus, it reminded me that the patio and pool have free wi-fi, and the gym has dumbbells and a separate room for calisthenics/yoga, along with mats, swiss balls, and towels.
And the club room has really comfy chairs, a sink, small fridge, freezer and ice.
The one let-down is the business center, with very slow computers- but this is an amenity.
If you want a fast machine and internet, buy a computer- it's not rocket science.
There's a FedEx Office just down the street, as well, but I use the slow computers here to print for now because it's free.
(However, I'll be buying a multi-function printer of my own.
)  The more I look at this place, the closer I come to saying it's a solid 5-star on it's own.
I mean, nobody will ever complain about paying a couple hundred less a month, but you really get what you pay for, here.
I love living here, and I won't miss Vegas when it's time to move but I WILL miss these apartments.

Recently moved into Palacio Apartments after selling my Condo and so far am very happy with my decision.
The price for the size of the unit and the amenities of the complex make it worth it for me.
Besides that the leasing staff is WONDERFUL.
I have never met a group of ladies so helpful.
I was more than a little spazzed when it came to moving and looked at many many MANY apartments and Palacios staff is by far the best in the valley.
They also paint for a fee which for me makes my apartment experience feel more homey.So far i'm glad with my decision!

After living at a Camden Property this place is a palace!

I went to view the property today it was nice ok extra nice.
But their was doggie poop by the pool and inside one apt I think it was the b7 or something like that...I'm sorry to report I seen a roach.
But on the bright side the leasing staff are wonderful.
OMG they are helpful and kind.
If I didn't have a fear of buggies I would move here.
OVER ALL REVIEW Its really extraordinary and made to spoil and pamper you.
You have got to understand that the people who created this property had you in mind.
Its a little bit expensive but its worth it.
I would have wanted to move in upon today if I had not seen a roach.
My husband keeps asking me.
Are you sure you cant live here?
The answer is NO.
Even the office staff told me 100 times that they spray each week for the bugs.
I have a fear of them so No Way.
Maybe we will return and I will change my mind but who knows.

***UPDATE***  This apartment complex changed management about a month before I moved out.
I was told many of the staff who I found so helpful were either let go or simply quit.
I stand by my review at the time it was written, but I can make no promises it's still current.

Oh wow my day was super full today.
So the husband and I decided to check out these little diamond chips once again.
We have been to view them a few times and yes we are in love with them.
They are so cute If we get one it will be on the 4th floor or 3rd.
I love the fact that having two balconies in one apt is even an option.
Along with a pool that is heated in the winter.
And a on site personal gym.
Will return to take another sneak peek next weekend.

ok, so i just moved into this place and I LOVE IT!!
its quiet and safe!
After the dump i was in, SummerHIll Villas, this place is heaven!
The staffs great too!

Finally moved out of the complex and I'm excited to be out of there.
At first the place was great but about 6 months ago it took a turn for the worst.
People bring ridiculous amounts of people to the pool that don't live there, dogs run around off leash, nothing is done about loud neighbors, people drive in the parking lot like its a race track, walls are thin, people let their dogs piss and shit on their balconies the sidewalks and breezeways, and random people come into the complex and dig through our dumpsters and nothing is done.
The prices are ridiculous (my new apartment is bigger, has the same ammeneties, smaller community, and 2 blocks away for the same price of my 1 bedroom at palacio)

Lived here for about six months!
It was great.
Helpful staff!!!
Great gym and pool area.
Easy move in and move out process.

