This location has a dental surgeon as well as takes care of kids.
I had my wisdom tooth and a broken molar removed here.
I opted not to be sedated for the procedure because I had to drive myself home.
When they put the shot of novacane into my mouth I think (I'm not a doctor) they hit a nerve.
It felt like my entire face erupted with fire, it was one of the most painful experiences I've ever had.
The doctor was extremely upset that I cried out in pain, and complained that there were children there and that I would upset them.
Its pretty lame to have a dentist being cross with you when you're in pain and have tears streaming down your face.
The assistants told me that I should be able to handle a shot because I have tattoos as if the pain ratio is remotely the same thing.
They also were reluctant to prescribe me any pain medication for after the procedure.
I had a lot of dental work done during the prior two weeks and had used my previous prescription according to the directions while I waited to have the broken molar removed.
The assistant told me that I was taking too much, and made me feel very uncomfortable because I felt like they were judging me based on my appearance.
Just because I look different doesn't make me a pill popper.
Although I had no complications I would not go here again.
I have never been afraid of going to the dentist but after this experience I am scared of needles.

Their staff is rude and very unprofessional.
The manager, Alba won't help you out.
Not only that but she doesn't know how to handle a complaint and she can't resolve a problem.
Her go to line is " i can't help you" or " we can't do anything for u".
Will never go to absolute dental ever again.
Alba was very unprofessional and shouldn't be interacting with patients because she doesn't know how.
Diana needs to learn that when she quotes someone a price that will be the final price.
I was very disappointed at how they handled my case and they were trying to charge me an extra 100$ for treatment that I refused to get.

Not happy with this place.
I got seen here as well as my 2 kids, they did an ok job on cleaning our teeth but they we so busy that they seemed like they were rushing to get us out of there.
This place has like 10 different doctors and a ton of assistants running all over the place and seeing so many patients at once that I'm sure they don't remember who cleaned who's teeth.
Horrible experience, id rather drive a few more miles to get to a better dental clinic.

I'm so upset with this place I don't know where to start!
Had 3 trips to this place for the same thing.. To get my permanent crowns placed.
Not only did it take then 3 trips to get it correct, the 2nd time I was there the dentist assistant Mechel'la dropped my temp crown on the floor and thought it was okay to put it back in mouth.
Oh wait in her defense she sterilize it quote "spraying water and wiping it down".
I called corporate to inform them of this and they said they will take care of it...
So to top things off with the particular assistance, I was talking to the dentist about what happened on my last visit.
Then the assistant I complained about thought it was okay to enter my room all hostile to put in her comments about the incident.
Not sure about the rest of you but that is definitely unprofessional and I didn't feel safe durning the rest of my treatment.
What's worst (I know as if it can get any worst) no one thought anything wrong of it.
I DEFINITELY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE!!

