Rude & Unprofessional  I sent my daughter in with the sandwich card ready to be redeemed - it was a little old so she asked if she could use it before ordering.
Apparently the owner Mike Egan felt that the card had been stolen and falsified because the signatures were not consistent with his methods.
He assumed the worst and was extremely rude and hostile to my daughter, treating her as a criminal.
I spoke to Mr. Egan and as expected he denied treating her in such a fashion regardless of the other eye witness accounts.
He stated that because there were so many of the same stamps/signatures it looked suspicious.
Well yes Mr. Egan I have 7 people in my family, we buy 7 sandwiches at one time so the stamping and signatures would be consistent for a transaction of 7.
Rather than ask questions, he was a bully.
I had previously heard rumors that he mistreats his employees, is rude and has even had employees quit on the spot.
After this incident I believe the rumors and don't doubt any of the witnesses.
While he has a right to deny using a card, he doesn't have the right to traumatize my daughter (or anyone else) which is exactly what he did.
I can assure everyone that I will take my business to the local Subway for now on.

I now prefer Port O Subs over Subway.
The food just seems to taste better.
I use this location when I am at home and never had any problems walking in and getting my food fast.
Sometimes there is a line when its around lunch time but they are quick to make up what I want.
Everytime I walk in they always say hello and don't keep you waiting if your the only one there.
Location nice and parking is easy since its a little further down from the grocery store so you can usually find a spot up front.

Fresh and tasty sandwiches just like any other Port of Subs location.
When I went over the weekend, however, this one was a little slow because only 2 people were working, but there wasn't a crowd of customers either so it wasn't too bad.
Still got my food in a reasonable amount of time

Pretty decent sandwich, but I stil haven't tried other spots like Wich Wich, Jersey Mike's or Firehouse to determine a favorite.
Not a bad place to get a quick bite though, and much healthier  than Mickey D's or Burger King for sure....ALOHA!!!
YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(2/100) "Sub-par"

They have a big sign stating that the meat is never prepackaged or pre-sliced.
I ordered pastrami.
And it was prepackaged and pre-sliced.
She pulled it our from a fridge.
It was in a cup.
So much for that gimmick.
The bread wasn't very fresh.
The ladies were friendly.
The food was ok. No better than a Subway.

I love port of subs.
It's such a great sandwich.
However the customer service is horrible!
They were very slow making my sandwich.
I gave him my money when he rang me up.
He didn't even tell me how much my change was he just handed it to me, then walked away.
He did say thank you.
he didn't give me a receipt, AND he didn't give me my cups.
I had to reach around the counter myself to grab them.
So rude and unfriendly!!!
The two men and girl definitely need a class in customer service and should learn manners.
They were messing around the whole time flicking water on each other!

Generous servings.
Sandwich is good.
Service is good.
Would come back for a second visit.

