We were looking for a desk, and all of the employees were really nice and helpful.
Minus one star for not carrying desktop PCs with Intel processors.
AMD sucks.

Strangely enough this Staples, way out in "old" Henderson off of Boulder Highway is a gem.
It's located in a large, spacious strip mall with plenty of parking.
The store is clean and bright.
Everything was organized and set out nicely.
I never really think about going to Staples too often because I never really feel the need to spend money on office equipment.
However, this Staples proved to be nicer than Office Depots I have been to.
It's really a plain store, there's nothing special about it other than the fact I find it to be a bit above the standard of Office Depots.
They do sell laptops and other electronics.
Checkout was quick and congenial.
I even had to do a return of a tablet and there was no problem with handling the return.
Although, I did have my receipt with me, which helps.
Overall a very nice store with knowledgeable, helpful staff.

Stacy in printing did a fabulous job.
She wet above and beyond what I asked for her to do and saved me time!
She did what others didn't have time to do!

Ya it is a chain, but it is new, and clean , and huge..
Pretty big store to be honest.
Where else are you going to find all of your office needs in one store?
Don't answer that smarty pants..
If you are in the area and need supplys Staples is pretty sweet..

store does not honor what staples website deal even after I made call and reserved merchandise online.
I followed all the Staples website rules to the T.The manager "Jim" is a jerk, he decided not to sell me the products at the deal price even he has them in stock and there is NO  item limit.
No wonder staples is going down the tube.
People who work for Staples should find different job

WOW.
Overpriced is all I can say.
I went in looking for HP ink for my deskjet.
There was an employee who was able and willing to help us.
He did have to use the book ....but I can't expect him to know every type of ink that man has made....
I guess I don't go shopping for ink enough to see how disturbingly priced it is.
With just about every ink cartridge (even just black, which is what I was looking for) all had starting price points of $30.
Not having the guts to pay this, I thanked the associate, and left.
Target had the cartridge for $14.
I'm just saying.

