I bought a puppy at the Puppy Boutique and it was an excellent experience from beginning to end.
The owner helped me personally and he was absolutely amazing.
I would normally not purchase an animal from a pet store but they bring their animals from very reputable breeders.
My little angel Morkie puppy has brought so much joy to my life and she is happy and healthy.
I highly recommend buying a puppy from the Puppy Boutique.

We have now adopted two puppies from the Puppy Boutique - one in March and one in August.
Yes, we loved this place enough to go back!
The owners care about the pets and are very knowledgeable.
The animals are well taken care of and we have been very happy with the entire experience.
They also have a great selection of puppies and do not support puppy mills.
I highly recommend Puppy Boutique Las Vegas!

I got my Havanese from here.
Very professional family run business.
They really care about the pups.
Very clean facility and the pups are well taken care of.
Great service after the sale also.
If I get another pup I will definitely get it from here!

We had been looking for our first puppy for a while and Puppy Boutique always had dogs that we liked.
If you are going to buy a puppy from a pet store then this is the store to check out.
The dogs and store are well maintained and they are more than happy to let you hang out with the dog before you purchase them.
My wife and I bought a Frenchie Pug and my inlaws got a Sheeba Inu at the same time.
Both dogs are so great, very healthy!
They also include free micro chips and my pup was already fixed.
We are very happy, thanks guys!

please dont go!!!
ive raised german shepards all my life.
the one i got here was not only sick but she brought a virus with her and me and my family became sick instanly.
plus my other dog took a year to get cured.. lot of money spent on my half.
ive complain and they keep hanging up.. ooh and when i got here she was complety under weight.
starved... go somewhere else.
with healthier puppys..

-Great place!
-Got my little yorkie named Bill -the staff was very helpful and patience with us.
-they give you a bag of food and include medical care for the first couple weeks dont -really remember the exact amount.
-A place you can trust.
-Getting my next edition to the family here.
-i refer all my friends here.
-worth the money

Puppy boutique is great!
They've been amazing and have a great selection of puppies.
We've gotten 3 dogs from them.
Our recent one is a Frenchie and we've named him Booger.

Don't shop for a pet there!
Seriously, are all the comments fake?
Dogs kept in fish tanks with a tiny little water bottles.
Who is vetting them and where they come from?
I give zero stars here!

This is a top notch pet store.
I often feel when I go into pet stores they have a lot of ugly dogs and scruffy mutts.
This place had only the types of dogs I would buy- which presented a problem since I wanted to buy them all.
Anyway, I bought two pups.
And got a bit frantic with training.
I went back and these people were very helpful and caring.
They run it like a family instead of a business.
I felt welcome to go there and voice my concerns and seek advice.

This is the first pet store I've been too in Vegas.
I simply searched "pet stores" on yelp and this one had the best reviews so far, so I decided to check it out.
They staff was very friendly and helpful.
Business started picking up when I got there but even still with the two people they had on hand I still had plenty of help and they made sure I was attended to.
I fell in love with the first puppy I played with and quickly decided to get her.
She was sniffling a little bit, but after taking her to the vet (since buying her) turns out she is perfectly fine.
She seemed well taken care of and healthy at the pet store.
I highly recommend going here for your pet!
The staff is friendly and the dogs seem to be in good hands :-)

Awesome staff and store...this is NOT your typical pet shop.
They highly care about the puppies and making sure they are 100% healthy.
The puppies come with excellent paperwork and a health guarantee, plus lots of other extras.
NO puppy milling and all the breeders they get pups from are licensed and registered with their state as well.
Very caring staff and clean facility, they had no problem showing us as many puppies as we wanted...answered all our questions and did not pressure us into any sale.
Excellent selection of breeds too!
We found our perfect pup (Italian Greyhound boy) and can not say enough good things about this place!

Puppy Boutique is the best pet store in Las Vegas!
The owners are very knowledgeable and the store is well kept - clean and organized.
The puppies are very healthy and they never pressure you to buy when you go and visit the store.
The puppies not just come with paperworks but also micro chips and some already have complete vaccinations (depends on how old the puppy is...).
We got two puppies from them and both are a year old now.
We never had any problems with our puppies, both are very healthy, loving and just adorable!

PAUL is the Pet Shop owner we bought Jerry in Dec 2013.
My husband and I had just married and wanted our first Puppy.
A 2 1/2 month old English Bulldog - Paul did an amazing Job guiding us with what we needed and how to raise the dog.
Originally I had gone in there for a FRENCH bulldog and I was financed for 0 interest 6 months.
But then we changed our mind and decided to get an English - Paul and Calvin had no problem changing all the paperwork for Jerry!
The initial fee you pay is more than you would pay buying from craigslist / or maybe a breeder, but he has all paper work, and he pays for the first 4 shots that they puppies needs - also covers anything major if the puppy become sick within the first year!!
AND MY DOGS ARE FULL BREED, I didn't have to wonder if I was getting scammed!
I went in there 2 months later to buy some more food, and bought another English bulldog a FEMALE who I named Jodie- MY DOGS ARE MY KIDS, they are best friends and we couldn't be more happier with them!!
ALL IN ALL 10 OUT OF 10 GREAT EXPERIENCE !

UPDATE: I had given a 1 star review but decided to take it back.
I went in and was interested in a black Shar-Pei pup.
I believe the owner (middle-aged, maybe Asian man) did let me play with the puppy for quite a long time, of course hoping I fell in love enough to take him home.
I would've but I am a very impulsive person and my husband had to restrain me, lol.
As I was the one playing with the puppy and my husband was the one getting the info, I didn't exactly here the details of the puppy myself.
My husband was also interested in an English bull puppy which the owner said he would "leave" the puppy at a certain price, if we wanted to buy.
Thus making me believe if he can decide the price, that he was probably the owner.
He is actually very, very nice!
What didn't thrill me was that I emailed a week after seeing the puppy to ask for more information on him.
No one replied.
I googled their website and found an email address at the bottom to contact.
Since no one ever answered my email, a week later, I called and the guy who picked up stated they were very busy at the moment and he was the only one there and couldn't help me through the phone.
Totally understandable!
He asked if he could call me back to the number I called in from later that day, i said of course!
Never heard back.
I don't see the pup I wanted on the website anymore.
I hope he went to a good home and I just had to come to terms that the puppy wasn't meant to be for me.
Although the owner is very nice, the communication is terrible.
Don't put an email address for information on your website if you never check your emails and don't say you'll call back when you won't.
If I do decide to get a pup, I probably won't go here.

We added our newest member of our family with the help of puppy boutique.
Almost two years ago I had to put to sleep my terminally ill German shepherd and have take a long time to come around to the idea of another dog.
We decided to begin looking and out of curiosity and good reviews I stopped in here.
I found our puppy right away.
She is a Golden Retriever and an amazing puppy.
We named her Samantha and are so happy to have her.
She was healthy and well cared for.
The vet they have you take the puppies to after purchase is a kind man and I think he cares a great deal about his customers.
Nonetheless, we had our beautiful girl checked out by our own vet too and she is picture perfect.
We are so thankful for puppy boutique for providing great customer service.

Hands down the best place to buy a puppy.
They exercise the dogs numerous times a day and have fair pricing.
They are the kindest people I dealt with.
Also went to pet land (absolutely horrible prices and customer service).
I got the cutest maltese there!
I highly recommend

Paul and his staff were amazing!
great customer service and helped us out getting our English Bulldog!
They also educated us on proper care for the pup and his dietary needs.

I can't thank you enough for having the most precious Shih Tzu EVER at the exact time I was looking.
I am so attached to our sweet little Sadie girl.
She is my shadow...right by me every step I take lol.
The best dog I have EVER had.
I don't even have to leash her when we are outside (I do when we aren't at home).
She will not go more than 10 feet from me.
You guys are the best and I highly recommend your Puppy Boutique to ANYBODY  who is looking for a very high quality and healthy puppy.
I look forward to coming back to the see you with my little luv bug when we are back in town again.
Thanks again!

We just got out 4 month old French bulldog from here and we couldn't ask for better service we love our newest addition to the family

