I had a very good experience here at Dr T she is a great and understanding primary care physician.
Would recommend to anyone

She is still as good as it gets.
I have never had a problem getting in nor have I had an issue with anyone in the office.
They are kind and always take there time.

We have been patients of Dr Talley for just over 6 months.
Dr Talley is a nice person and her staff is also nice.... Good review ends here!
It is nearly impossible to get an appointment, expecially a sick visit!!
This has been a rough winter for our family, and we are being offered appointments 2 weeks out!
We end up in walk in clinics each time.
TWO WEEKS ago, I had terrible migraine headache, called for appointment or to have her call in meds, was told "she will not call in anything" and scheduled appointment for today (again I waited 2 WEEKS for this appointment), migraine went away with no help from Doctor BUT I kept my appointment because i am now sick as a dog (severe congestion and terrible cough).
Went to appointment and waited 57 minutes to see Dr. Talley, I totally understand long waits during high season BUT there was only 1 other person in her office!!
Dr. came in and immediately said "you look awfully sick and miserable", then proceeded to ask about my migraines and wrote a script for future use AND LEFT THE ROOM!
I sat in SHOCK for a moment, and then questioned the nurse "is Dr Talley coming back to exam me for being sick" I was quickly told "NO, your appointment was scheduled for migraine headaches.
You will need to schedule a sick visit"!!!!!
I was right there in her office, no pile up of patients and was in my room no longer then 5 minutes.
NO REASON not to treat me!!
That was the LAST straw!
We now will have a new Family Doctor who will actually give us CARE!

Dr. Talley does not seem like a caring doctor.
She is nice and pleasant but I just don't get the impression that she actually cares about me as a patient.
The office staff is friendly.
If you are looking for a doctor that gives you their full attention, Dr.Talley will leave you feeling anything but.

Dr. Talley is one of the best doctors we have seen.
Our family has been going to her for years now.
She will see everyone in your family children and adults alike.
Se always takes the time to listen.
She will test/ treat or medicate as necessary but does not just jump to perscribing antibiotics.
She has a wonderful and balanced approach to medicine.
She is very friendly and extremely caring.
We have never had a problem getting an appointment even for a sick visit always within 24hrs.
Times when the sick visit was urgent her staff would find a way to get you in.
For children she always gives a very thorough annual exam.

