I had to run an errand during my lunch break that brought me over to this area, so I decided to pop into Subway for a quick sandwich.
My food was just fine (although the sandwich 'artist' was pretty heavy handed with the mustard) but the cashier could have been a lot friendlier.

Subway is Subway, and it's hard to say too much.
I haven't had a bad experience at this location, and service times are reasonable.

Good breakfast sandwich!!

24hr Subway w/ no Drive Thru.
You should eat no where else Late at night  Workers are great (including me haha).
Come by, I'll be glad to make your sandwich.
We have quick sandwich makers.
If you come in when it's slow, you'll be on your way in no time.
**This location does get a steady amount of customers, wait time depends on how fast the customer orders their sandwich ahead of you** (some ppl take FOREVER)  I would not even go to McDonald's that's nearby.

Can't speak for the food yet as I haven't tried it yet but the service was great!!
I figured breakfast was over due to it ending at 11am so halfway thru my order they were happy to make me bfast!!
Made my day...and the eye-candy making my food didn't hurt either!

So I am now realizing I'm spoiled with sandwiches.
This is one of the better subways I've been too but still not great!
The guy behind the counter was really cool.
I believe his name was Kevin.
He seemed like he was having a long day and we helped each other out with laughs.
On the the food.
Tonight I got what I like to call a fireball.
It's meatball with hot sauce.
So AMAZING.
I got it on Italian herb and cheese bread with pepper jack cheese.
The bread was just sucky.
I got it toasted to get a crunch in it.
It was too soft it just didn't hold up.
However the meatballs were perfect, also go some green peppers and they tasted really good and fresh.
They have a lot of options for chips and drinks.
The have milk!!!
Which is were but awesome!
I didn't have it tonight I have the XXX vitamin water.
Place was clean and empty when I went.
24 hours which is a huge plus.

so i'm kind of a subway snob.
so with that in mind.....  the high school aged staff kinda drives me nuts.
there is just a complete lack of organization in there.
and not exactly the cleanest establishment.
i walked out last time i was there because the kid made my salad without putting on gloves....  handling meats, veggies etc with out gloves.
no thank you.
the manager just lets her staff run roughshot all over that place.
thanks but no thanks.
I really think its the gloves thing that got me.
everything else i could deal with but thats just tooo much for me.

So disappointed with the selections at this location!
Jalapeño bread and Sriracha sauce are no longer offered...deal-breaker for me, especially when so many other locations offer it.

