I have found this car wash to be a suitable replacement after Lakeside Carwash closed.
They are pretty quick and do a nice job.
They have a comfortable waiting area, and if you want you can buy food in their mini mart.
Be sure to get their "Pit Stop Card" to earn free washes.

Amazing detail service for $24, good gas price, clean facilities and excellent customer service!

I like to bring the car here to get a wash.
I also like Chevron gas so I like this place.
Car wash - priced like all others, you know for the full service it will be 17.99.
They have cheaper ones, yet they only do the basic for the cheaper ones.
I like everyone that does it.
You can tell that when the car is turned over to you, a manager or supervisor has been the final person in the car.
They do a great job except never for the front windows.
They spend time on it, however, I think the chemical they use or the towels leave a smear that after a few hours goes from being totally clean to totally smeared.
I always have to wipe it again.
The soda's - Great priced soda and huge fountain service.
You can get almost any soda you want here.
Small Sandwich Shop - never ordered one from here, but the smell is wonderful.
Clean bathrooms - Need I say more.
Nice wait room - Clean, TV, plenty of space.
Check it out.

Convenience is the word.
It's close to the freeway, Chevron gas fair prices but not the low price guys, really good variety of last moment stuff and pretty good car wash with varied levels of service.
Store is clean and well lit in and outside.
Feels safe even middle of the night.
Been here many times and I recommend for variety and safety reasons I pretty much use this store when out late.
Good store.

The car wash is always a winner in my book.
I have a points card and after a few washes, I get one free.
They have a flat screen TV in the waiting area and they used to have Food Network on it all the time.
I thoroughly enjoyed that.
They are quick and do a good job.
I would recommend to anyone.

Easy access from Soutbound Stephanie, uncrowded gas pumps, a clean store, and service with a smile.
Gas prices ain't the lowest but they don't fleece you either.
In short...it's a good place to get your gas and other c-store things you might need.
(I need to try their car wash next time!

Car wash is ok.  Their express is not.
Very slow car wash.
Even with no line.

I got a car wash here and paid for a supreme wash with was 27 dollars.
When I received my car it was still dirty.
It still had areas where you could tell it wasn't wiped where it still had a dry layer of dirt.

Buy 10 get 1 free car wash PLUS Early Bird Special(7am-9am) with $2.00OFF

Getting my car washed on a beautiful Sunday morning and it's very apparent that the guys working the car wash have absolutely no desire to be working.
My car was washed 30 minutes ago and they just started cleaning the inside.
While the work may turn out to be top notch I won't bother coming back unless I have an hour - or an hour and a half to kill.

I've had it with this place.
I've never used the car wash, I don't buy the overpriced junk food and useless trinkets they sell there, I only go there for gas....and only because it's located on the way home from work.
Okay, the last three times I've been there, the pumps failed to give out a receipt.
It may seem trivial to you....but it really bothers me when the machine specifically asks if you want a receipt, then fails to deliver one.
Before you can even get gas here, the pump makes you complete a questionnaire.
Question 1: Are you a Vons something something member?
No!
Question 2: Would you like a car wash?
No!
Question 3: Would you like a receipt?
Yes!!!!!
Then after all that, you can finally pump your gas.
I'm really tired of paying for gas outside, pumping gas outside, then going inside to wait in line behind a group of confused stoners counting out pennies and nickels to pay for their crumpled bags of Funyuns and 94oz Mountain Dews.
I'm going someplace else from now on.

*** WARNING!!
DO NOT USE THIS CAR WASH. *** I used this carwash last weekend on Sat, Nov 30, 2013, my front hood was damaged, and the paint was chipped off or scrubbed off the damage was reported.
The next day I received a call from the store manager (Amber) she was responsive and set up a meeting for me to bring the vehicle by on Monday afternoon so that the District Manager could take a look at it.
The district Manager (Justin) implied that the damage to our vehicle was a simple case of oxidation and implied that the damage was there prior to me bringing the vehicle in.
I felt that he was questioning my integrity as he was implying that I was untruthful as I told him that the paint was not damaged prior to my visit.
He insisted that there was no way that his Chevron Pit Stop Car Wash was responsible for the damage to the paint on our hood.
He then offered me a $150 credit for a detail, which I kindly refused.
I am currently an active member of the Armed Forces with over 25 years of service; I believe in honesty and integrity and treating everyone with respect with that said I will never use this car wash again, I would warn anyone from using this establishment.

Since this place is conveniently located near me, it's an easy place to take my car to get clean.
The girls at the counter are usually pretty pleasant.
They issued me a punch card so after my 10 visits, I get one free!
Love it!
I was never really sure of the proper procedure but I would go in to pay first.
Then I just drive my car to the 'starting line'.
The gentlemen usually working there are very gracious and quick about coming over to greet me.
From there it's about a 5-10 minute wait for completion.
There are plenty of seats to wait either inside or out to watch the finishing touches.
After it goes through the wash, they thoroughly dry it off and dust the entire inside.
Every time my car is perfect again with not a speck of dirt or water spot.
They have done an amazing job with every visit and I am a happy girl.
My tip ~ Early bird discount on car washes done between 7 - 9 am.
$2 off

Really good job on the car washes, comfortable waiting area indoors or outside.
They get my truck in & out quickly & do a great job.
All the employees have always been super friendly & helpful!

Shitty rude staff especially the overweight black woman whose attitude screams of I don't give a fuck.
GO TO USA GAS ONE BLOCK NORTH IN THE ALBERTSONS PARKING LOT.
USA has the best prices and an ultra friendly staff!

The inside of my car wasnt vacuumed the way it should be, my boyfriend had to ask for a towel so he can wipe down finger prints on the front of my car and on the windows as well, black stains on the inside werent wiped down, although it was only $18.99 its not worth to spend your money on something you can do yourself for free.
It could be that is all young kids working including girls, everyone seems tired and without a drop of energy, definitely need to get a better staff thats full of energy and could clean cars the correct way.
All in all i will never come back to this car wash if it means im only throwing my money in the trash.
Also the african american woman that was the register was extremely rude.
Yelling saying " I SAID HELLO" After i had smiled at her, right after i told her " i smiled at you" she put her hands up and said " OHHHH BIG DEALLLL" not sure what that was about i laughed at the confusion

One of the cleanest gas stations/convenient stores I go to!
Conveniently located on Stephanie and 215, aka between my work and home (always a plus)!
I only use Chevron for my SUV, so I really can't say much on gas prices..  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯   I must try their car wash though!
It looks busy everytime I'm there so they must be doing something right!

Pitstop is a great place to get your car cleaned.
Guys are super awesome, usually fast unless it's super busy but they accommodate you and keep you posted the whole way.
My car is always amazing when they are done.

They have good gas prices.
Went there today to get my car washed.
Needless to say, after an hour of waiting as I watched my car recieve very little attention and dry in the heat...for the $28 service, I was told my car was finished.
This was the crapiest car wash I have ever had...except for thise held by highschool students at fundraisers.
When I pointed out that my wheels were still dirty, I was told it was because of the tire dressing.
When I pointed out the bird poop on the roof, the manager was standing next to me...offered no solution.
He seemed more concerned about coming up with BS explanations than remedies.
The interior had barely been touched.
This place showed no signs of having the desire to make things right.
There wasn't even an offer to have it sent through the wash again.
After I requested a refund, the manager didn't even try to appologize.
I WILL NOT go back, not for gas, and not for any merchandise.
I will either go to Terrible's on Pecos or to the Shell Station on Flamingo.
I don't need the headache.

Was forced to go there yesterday (because my daughter drove it so much, the gas gauge didn't even move when I started it).
I hate that low fuel light!
Well, guess what?
Once again, no receipt at the pump.
What a surprise!

I had driven from Florida, through New Mexico, Arizona, and other dusty states inbetween.
My car was SO dirty, you couldn't even tell what color it was anymore.
I was staying at the hotel across the street, and saw this car wash out my window.
I saw how the kids working there hustled and were doing such a good job.
The next morning, I pulled in and got the cheapest car wash they offered.
They do everything from wash, to wax, to interior, etc.
But, it was a rental car and I only wanted the exterior washed (had it been my car, I would have gone for the works).
The guys sprayed something on my wheels, and I went through the machine.
When I came out the other side, more workers were waiting to wipe down any water still on my car.
They have an awesome assembly line there.
I couldn't believe it was the same car.
After this great washing, I think the car even ran better.
Excellent place with hard-working kids.
I was SO glad I saw them out my window - I like a clean car.
The basic wash was really cheap - and WELL worth it.

Review for car wash. .
I usually only get gas here and something to drink.
I will not get my jeep washed here again after the horrible service and the long wait to get it washed.
It took 1 hour for the whole process.
And I was only the 5th car in line right when they opened.
After it was "washed" There was still dirt and water spots all over.
I asked for my keys and took a trip down to terribles and got a full service detail with wax for 10 dollars more then what they charge me.
I won't have any more car washes here.

Okay yes, I know that writing a review for a gas station/convenience store seems odd, but this place is really great!
I don't think that I've ever been to a cleaner, more well stocked convenience store.
I haven't visited the bathrooms there yet, but if they are as nice as the store, then this place really is a winner!
I was quite impressed with their selection of snacks and beverages, and their coffee center was amazingly clean.
Usually, you'll see splashes and crumbs, but every time I've visited, everything is spic and span.
It is located right off of the highway, and all of the employees I interacted with were polite and friendly.

Convenient location at Stephanie and 215, this place usually has decent prices for gas.
They accept Vons card for gas rewards.
There is a great car wash with meticulous employees, although the prices aren't the best around.
Get a car wash punchcard if you plan on coming here often.
There's a good size waiting area inside.
The store is spacious, clean and has anything you might need on a quick stop.
I take one star off because I've had issues with the pumps malfunctioning while pumping gas.

