To be honest, I am giving them the benefit of the doubt with two stars as their location great, atmosphere is pretty cool and service... is ok. First off let me preface this by saying I placed a pizza order for pickup.
The woman who answered the phone was not to friendly but not rude.
When I came down to pick up my pizza, the cashier was pleasant, I received my order and left... All well so far.
After getting home, I noticed that my food had a foul smelling stench.
I had ordered a shrimp pesto pizza (yes I like odd things on my pizza, don't you?
) but still took a bite of it anyway.
It did not taste bad.... nor did it taste good.
They advertise this place as authentic NY style brick oven pizza.
Personally, the pizza I ordered lacked flavor, had an odd smell and was way over priced.
Personally, I should have listened to my gut instinct and went with a major chain brand like Pizza Hut or other tried, tested and Yelp approved pizza joint.
Oh well.... At least we all know for next time.

We live in the burbs.. it's Friday at 11 PM.. we're hungry.. and lazy.. what's one to do?
Luckily Angelina's exists!
They deliver until Midnight - one of the few places in the Henderson burbs that delivers past 11.
It's a pizza place but we weren't feeling pizza.
So we tried the stromboli and a philly cheese steak with fries (yup pretty weird combination!).
We made the mistake of ordering the medium stromboli - oops - that thing was monster sized.
Tasty but doesn't compare to Four Kegs!
I was pretty worried about ordering a philly cheesesteak and fries for delivery but I was blown away by how tasty it was.
No, it's not as good as the philly steaks in Philadelphia (no surprise there!
), but incredible nonetheless.
The fries somehow survived the delivery without getting soggy, either !
Overall for "junk food" delivery that's open late, I was really happy with the quality.

I was in Angelina's about a week ago and it was the worst dining experience of my life.
When I entered the restaurant my girlfriend and I were immediately greeted by our server.
This was the ONLY pleasant part of our experience.
It took our server literally 10 minutes to show up with menus and ask us what we wanted to drink.
We ordered our pizza and it popped out 15 minutes later (which is fast, we're not complaining about that).
We asked for two sides of ranch when the pizza came to the table and our waitress seemed very annoyed by our request.
We did not start eating our pizza until the ranch arrived.
So the pizza sat on our table for LITERALLY 20 minutes while waiting for TWO SIDES OF RANCH.
When the ranch finally showed up, we both needed refills at this time, which also annoyed the waitress.
We waited literally another 10 minutes to get refilled and finally got to eat our pizza.
The pizza sat on the table for half an hour before the waitress could make two SMALL accommodations that would allow us to enjoy our meal.
After finishing our meal, this server still didn't bring us our check for a good 20 minutes.
No part of this experience was enjoyable and I will NEVER go back to an Angelina's.
I will encourage everyone I know to choose ANYWHERE else thanks to the shoddiness of the service and food at this overpriced dump.

Nothing much stood out with this place.
They deliver, food is decent, and so is the price.
Took an early lunch, and didn't have the motivation to get out of the office.
Got the meatball sub lunch special, fries were a little bit soggy, but they weren't horrible.
Perfect for that lazy lunch day.

I would really like to give them Five Stars, but I can't.
My wife and I love the pizza, the price is right, the restaurant is nice and most of the employees are friendly but the services is so hit and miss.
I definitely recommend picking up if you have the option.
They are usually very busy and delivery consistantly takes a long time.
When picking up I need to let you know they are always going to tell you 20 minutes.
Sometimes it's 20 minutes and sometimes it's 60+ minutes.
You also need to remind them that you are waiting for your pizza after you've paid because they will let you sit in the restaurant until you say something or they realize that you've been there for a long time.
I will gladly come back and change my rating to Five Stars if they correct these few things.

We have been looking for good pizza out here for years and haven't found anything, until we tried Angelinas when they opened in Seven Hills.
We had been looking for something similar to what we used to get back in CA and finally found it!
Angelinas has the perfect amount of sauce, cheese and the right size of crust...not too thick, not too thin, right in-between.
The flavors are fresh and we now add several toppings and get creative.
The Stromboli and chicken wings are really good too.
The service is great.
Everyone is friendly and we usually have our order delivered, which never takes as long as they quote.
All I can say is that I am glad that theirs is one flyer on my door that I didn't throw away!

Pizza was ok however not worth the 90 minute delivery time.
Don't tell me its an hour when you know you are slammed.
Won't be ordering from here again.

Good food but horrible delivery.
This is the fourth time my order was wrong.
They usually forget something.
This time we waited 40 min to get the wrong wings.
When we called we were told don't eat those we'll get you the right wings but it will be another 40 minutes.
Or we can get a credit for next time but they still need to pick up the wrong wings.
Then we were told the driver mixed up and was on his way back with our order and would pick-up the food we got in a few minutes.
Considering we opened the bag and boxes I hope he's not going to deliver them to someone else.
In addition we need to call back later to talk to a manager and it's been another 30 minutes and we don't have our food yet.

I've never waited so long for a pizza!
We decided that they milk the cows and make their own cheese.
because we couldn't figure out what else could take them so long!
We were one of three parties in there, and everyone else already had their food by the time we ordered.
Decided that maybe it was due to a high volume of delivery orders.
but no delivery orders went out while we were there.
Either way, the pizza is decent is size, price, and taste.
Just don't order from them if you're in a hurry!

Failed attempt at getting a crepe lead my sister and I over here with some hot beverages and the want to satisfy our sweet tooth.
In hindsight, walking into an establishment with foreign goods is not very polite.
Cringing to myself, the lady behind the counter did not even bat an eyelash.
Secondly, we ordered some Zepolles and that was it.
Yet again, no attitude or put off demeanor.
That has put them many points ahead of other places I have visited and accidentally overlooked these courtesies.
Now on to the important part, fried dough is a passion of mine.
That, my love of ice cream and my parents cooking probably explains why I weighed 270 pounds at one point in my life.
With these golden morsels, I could probably eat myself back to that state if I am not careful.
They have the same texture as Chinese doughnuts.
Airy on the inside, crunchy exterior, nice give when bitten into, and then covered in a copious amount of powder sugar.
Those attributes should be enough to get people in the door, but then the price and seemingly endless amount only makes the deal that much better.
$3.26 was the damage and a large bowl was what came out.
DING DING DING!
We got a winner.
I want to come back for dinner one night, but would be happy in just coming here for this delicious dessert item.

My family hasn't eaten inside the restaurant, we've only gotten delivery several times.
However, we are not at all pleased.
We live inside Seven Hills, but somehow our order tonight took 1 hour and 20 minutes.
Really?
They're always rather slow, but that's obscene.
The food is average, and basically just good enough to satisfy.
Nothing to brag about.
Granted, I've eaten fairly simple things from them - Calamari, Mozzarella sticks, and breaded mushrooms.
I'm a pretty light eater, yes.
Tonight I was terribly hungry though, and stepped it up to order their Nachos Supreme.
You know, the kind of Nachos where you're supposed to get a wonderfully messy concoction of flavors and textures piled on and within a mountain of chips?
Yeah... no.
My "Nachos Supreme" was basically movie theater nachos.
Chips, and nacho cheese.
Literally the cheese you get with your theater chips, or that you dip your soft pretzels in.
So much of it, in fact, I couldn't see chips in there at first.
Where's the Supreme?
Sure, there were a couple pieces of tomato in there, some black olives, and massive chunks of chicken that were completely illogical to eat in one bite since they were roughly the size of the chip itself.
Has this restaurant ever SEEN a real plate of nachos?
There was absolutely no sour cream in sight, and they don't offer guacamole, but even if they had managed to slip those in there it *still* wouldn't have saved this sadly disguised box of theater nachos.
It was disgusting.
The rest of my family has not complained about the pizzas, chicken, or meatball sub.
As I said before, my selection of appetizers is barely average.
Especially considering breaded mushrooms and mozzarella sticks are typically the same wherever you go.
It's the sauce that makes a difference, and theirs is unexciting.
I will mention, their calamari was unusually fishy tasting tonight - but perhaps it's been a while since I've had calamari in general.
We'll be moving within a few months, and will no longer be in their delivery range.
Thank god.
I don't expect to ever go out of my way to eat at the actual establishment.
You'd think that for a city where original, local businesses are hard to find among the big name chains, they'd want to work a little harder at quality.

Good food but horrible service.
The messed up my order twice.
I made an order online and went to go pick it up and they gave me the wrong order.
Of course I didn't realize this until I got home but when I called them to let them know, I didn't even get so much as an apology.
I asked if they could just have my food delivered since THEY are the ones who gave me the wrong order and I was told I had to drive back to get my food.
When I went back, the lady just handed me my food and didn't say anything, she just walked away.
The food I did order also had things missing from it but I was tired of waiting to speak with someone.
I understand that they may be busy or short staffed but I don't understand the bad customer service.

I think locaiton is what makes me a fan this most..
It's close by!
The food is good, staff is friendly but the food service is slow.
My daughters always enjoy the pizza, which they have a variety of toppings to choose.
No complaints on tonights meal.
I ordered the antipasta salad, a little different than some, but still good.
Very large portion, with rolled up meat and cheese, pepperchinis, tomato, red onion and ripe olives.
Use to marinated vegetables on an antipasta, but none were to be found.
Was a nice green salad.
My husband had lasagna, again a large portion, took a bite and it had great flavor!
With the large portions we ended up taking some of it home.
Good meal, nearby.

My husband and I placed an order for delivery through eat24.com.
I really loved the service that I got through that site.
My husband got the 4 Piece Honey Dipped Fried Chicken Dinner with Baked Beans and Potato Salad as sides.
The chicken was crispy even after the honey dip.
The baked beans were smoky and the potato salad had a nice hint of mustard.
The chicken was quite good for a slightly sweeter version of fried chicken.
I got the Meatball Parmigiana Sub with the Criss Cut Fries.
The sandwich was tasty.
I was pretty pleased with it.
The fries were soggy, but I didn't expect them to be perfect since they were delivered to me.
Despite them being soggy, they were still good.
For dessert, we decided to try something that we both enjoy and then two separate items.
We enjoyed the crunch of the fresh Cannoli with the smooth and silky filling.
My husband's tiramisu was good, but a bit on the dry side.
My chocolate mousse pie was light and fluffy.
It was a little dry for my liking, but it was still good.
Overall, it was a good value for delivery.
We'll probably make a trip to the actual location sometime soon.

Pitiful.
The restaurant was empty so I figured I would get some attention.
Wrong.
The served my food and then I didn't see anyone again.... until I they had the bill.
I ordered the ribs and they were hard as a rock.
I ordered two sides and got only one.
No refills.
I wasn't about to go get a server when 5 of them were standing behind the counter gossiping.
The worst part is that the supervisor gave someone a tongue-lashing in front the limited people in there.
It was very uncomfortable.
AVOID.
Lemonade stands are more professional.

I've only had this place once (found out about Angelina's from the menu that was in our front door) and I really liked it.
I went vintage (I suppose) on the first try and had the Ricky Bobby (Talladega Nights is one of my favs so that's pretty much why) and I loved it.
One thing that I personally wasn't a fan of and that was the onion rings.
I like onion rings and I expected to enjoy it mixed with the BBQ sauce and the epic meat.....I didn't really enjoy it.
I know that's probably one of the things that MAKES the sandwich, but the next time I get it, I think I'm gonna get it sans onion rings.
Everything else was really good.
Will definitely try them again.
Hopefully they're consistent and they're not just a one hit wonder with me.

Food is pretty good...service not so much.
I can understand service being "off" when it's busy but NOT when there's nobody in the joint but you and one other guy waiting on his order.
Smile, ladies...You're employed...

Ordered the Calamari.
It looked and tasted burnt.
The stromboli...How can the cheese and the meat be cold ?
The cheese wasn't even melted all the way.
I took it home since it was so big and Nuked it for a minute and it did taste pretty good.
I always give a place a second chance but will try something new.

Have been ordering food from Angelina's for quite some time.
While it can sometimes be lengthy, food was always good and employees were kind.
I recently went to Angelina's to eat-in for the first time and was not as impressed.
The service was decent at best, which is really inexcusable considering there was one other table occupied.
Waitress took our order and never came back until our food was brought out.
It wasn't until she came to bring our food that we had to remind her to bring us our drinks that were never brought.
Waitress was nice, and food was good, but service was not fantastic.

To be fair...
I'm born and raised in Chicago.
We are very picky about our pizza.
I'm not a fan of the "chain" restaurants so I decided to give Angelina's a shot.
I ordered a simple extra cheese, sausage and onion pizza.
In a word... it was ehhhhh.
The crust was very thin and kind of "droopy", the pizza sauce was a bit too sweet for my liking and the cheese was overly oily.
The service, and the decor, was good.
The parking was easy enough and overall the location was conveniently located.
Angelina's is good pizza in a pinch... but the search for "great Nevada pizza" will continue.
Regards, CFC

It's 10:30 pm, you're hungry, lazy and in Anthem.
What do you do?
Was thankful I found this place, and they delivered because I didn't feel like getting out of my pajamas.
We ordered a large 18" pie, half meat lovers half hawaiian.
Received it 30 minutes later, hot not soggy at all.
Was pretty impressed with it being delivery pizza.
Couple things I was bummed about,  #1 they forgot my ranch dressing I asked for (I can't eat my crust without it, and the second time I ordered they forgot my bottled water), and #2 they charge $5 for a delivery fee, and didn't tell me, I was wondering how my bill came to $35 for pizza and 4 waters.
My hawaiian was still good cold the next day, but the meat lovers didn't reheat well, it was so greasy that the crust became mushy and soggy.
I would order from here again, was decent for delivery.

I am not the type to typically write reviews good or bad, but I thought my experience was worth sharing...
I ordered pizza and chicken fingers for delivery.
After waiting forty-five minutes to an hour the pizza delivery guy showed up with the pizza, but without the chicken fingers.
I called back and they agreed to redeliver the chicken fingers.
Half an hour or so later the delivery guy returns with the order.
Once we opened the order in hope of finally enjoying our dinner, we find out that the order contained chicken wings instead of chicken fingers.
Starving at this time my wife tries a couple chicken wings, while I get on the phone for the third time.
After explaining that the order did not contain chicken fingers but wings, they agree to redeliver the chicken fingers.
However, shortly after I receive a call back indicating that they will need the wings back, I indicate that my wife ate a couple of wings but we would be able happy to return the remaining wings.
The lady then indicates that since we ate a couple of wings that they would not be able to redeliver unless we wished to pay for the chicken fingers.
Not willing to get into an argument at this point I simply hang up.
I am not sure if these guys know what service is all about, but this is basic restaurant 101 "you don't make the client pay for the same item twice".
I would not order from here again especially since the food was average at best.
There are many other choices for the price, buyer beware...

I ordered something through the phone and told them specifically not to add meat to my dish because I am vegan.
30 minutes later, someone knocks on my door with my food.
Turns out, what was delivered to me had meat in it, but the delivery guy left already so I called the restaurant and told them the problem.
They said okay, we will deliver again, this time without the meat, apologizing.
30 minutes later, the same guy who delivered my food earlier arrives with my 2nd order (hopefully it didn't have meat this time), but prompts to charge me again for this order.
Say whaaat?!
First of all, you made me wait a long time for my food only to give me the wrong order, and now here you are charging me again?
No thank you.
What even bothered me more is that they didn't even have the courtesy to give me the 2nd meal for free for the mistakes they made nor did the lady tell me over the phone that they would charge me for my second meal.
Have I known that, I wouldn't have ordered again.
So to sum it up, I was left $25 dollars poorer, time wasted and hungry as f***.
Atleast my dogs enjoyed the food.

From LA, Ca.
I was in Vegas for a day of moving furniture.
Being new to the area I searched on Yelp for pizza.
Found Angelina's and ordered a pepperoni pizza,  20 mild hot wing, 8 teriyaki chicken strips aka chicken fingers + a 2 liter soda for less than $forty!
The mild wings were my favorite.
The fingers, were ok.
The pizza was really good, especially with the mild sauce on the side!
Call them, if you like quick delivery and good fast food.
Enjoy!

The first time I ordered from here it was good.
The next three times in a row, it was INEDIBLE.
I won't waste my money on this nasty place ever again.
My most recent order...Only 2 miles from the restaurant, the 45-60 minute delivery window surprised me.
But at 1 hour and 15 minutes, I had to call to ask where my order was.
"It has already left" according to the lady on the phone, but didn't show up for another half hour, a full hour late!
And the food quality totally suffered as a result - you can tell the food was made at least an hour before I got it, if not more.
The pizza was cold, the chicken wings dry and rock hard, and the lasagna was gummy and gross.
$40 dinner into the garbage can after just a few bites, and now we're all still hungry.
Deep disappointment.

I was really looking for a good place to get a good Italian meal so I saw Angelinas Pizzeria.
I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and I have to say that I was really disappointed.
The portions were good for the price point but the food was less than to be desired.
The spaghetti sauce had no flavor what so ever and the noodles were not drained enough so I had very watery spaghetti.
I probably won't come back as I'm sure there are other places that are better.

We have ordered here a few times.
Mostly togo, haven't done delivery yet but by the reviews I guess thats not a good idea.
Tonight we dined in, we were greeted immediately & told to sit anywhere we would like.
Our server was very friendly and very patient with us.
Food was prompt.
Wasn't too long of a wait at all.
I order the shrimp scampi and asked for light butter, I feel like there was still quite a bit of butter but thats ok.
I ate all the shrimp, it was pretty tasty.
Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meal.
Garlic parm wings weren't bad either.
I wouldn't say the food is out of this world but it isn't awful.
Dessert was yummy.
Tiramisu :)

I have Ordered Angelinas over the last three years a couple times to go and obviously a lot to eat in considering I work right next to them.
Every single time they never cease to amaze me with a horrible delivery time and cold frozen prepackaged food the mozzarella sticks orache string G and hot in multi.
They are literally just a cold brick of mozzarella with breading.
The pasta shells want that bad but they were drowning in way too much sauce.
Garlic bread sucks and the salad is nothing to be desired.
I kept wondering to give the multiple chances and frankly I only ordered out of sheer desperation.
And every time it's horrible.
On the other hand there is a lady who works there who's from either England or Australia and she's very sweet and always friendly.
The chocolate cake that I ordered last night was supposed to come all a mode which they said they had.
When I received my store-bought chocolate cake which tasted absolutely horrible it had no ice cream.
The excuse I got when I called was "oh I didn't know what à la mode meant.
" Again even though the staff to answer the phone was finally there seems to be a huge disconnect with restaurant customer service.
Most of the reviews that I put on Yelp are positive but unfortunately this one gets nothing more than two stars.
My recommendations for Angelinas is pretty simple:  Invest in quality food number one number two actually put the quality food to a decent temperature and number three stop buying store-bought desserts and get a chef who can actually make some desserts on their own.
Don't call yourself a restaurant when you're nothing more than a cheap café with horrible diner food.

Pizza is 3 stars.
Price is 5 stars as they have a pick-up special that runs indefinitely.
Service is 5 stars.
The girls up front are always friendly and the pizza is always ready at the time quoted.
I go here because of the service, convenience and price.

I will give 2 stars just because I have had worse pizza before.
The pizza is okay and the pick up special of $7.99 for a 16 inch large cheese is good for the kids.
Yesterday I called in the pick up special at 4 pm for pickup at 5:15 pm and when I showed up they said it would be another 3 minutes, 12 minutes later my pizza was ready which pretty much means they forgot to make it.
I was not too happy as I was on on tight schedule which is why I  called an hour ahead of time.
I could understand if they were slammed but the place was mostly empty.
Previously I have ordered the wings which were average and I also ordered a whole barbecue chicken.
The BBQ chicken was so dry it almost could not be swallowed.
My guess is they prepare the chicken once every couple weeks and then try and reheat later with barbecue sauce slabbed on  - really terrible chicken.
The beans that came with it were served cold too.
Overall this location has poor management and would be a great candidate for a reality show such as restaurant impossible!

I would say it's one of the best non-franchise pizza places out there.
A 3Star rating because of the way my order was billed.
I called and asked for a pizza special.
Ordered 2 pizzas along with a Philly and 10 hot wings.
Immediately I called back because I realized it was too much food for just 2 people; plus it totaled $49!
So I asked for a "special" that included hot wings along with a pizza hoping to save some money.
To my surprise, upon delivery I realized the girl had billed all items a la carte.
My total was $43!
A bit more than I expected to pay, all because nothing was combined into a "deal" price!
Delivery was 1:10 mins.
But she did quote accurately so that was ok. Will probably order again; I will just make sure this time if don't over pay!

Worst service ever!
Came to dine in....
Waited 30 minutes for beverages, 45 minutes for pizza, and at 1 hour we still don't have our apps....
They seem to have 3 people at the takeout counter, and no dedicated waitresses for eat-in.
One person took our order, another brought our drinks (after I went to counter and asked for them), and another brought pizza.
People coming in for takeout trump those sitting at tables.
We were told they would comp part of our meal and add desserts....
In the end, waitress brought wrong bill, and then seemed confused when I said it wasn't ours.
I have never wanted to dine and dash so badly!
She finally came with a stack of receipts (none ours) and then wrote on the receipt, $12.
Food would get 5 stars, garlic balls are delicious... Would maybe try takeout, but NEVER eat in again...

I received a menu in my door today (in a non soliciting neighborhood) and decided to place a delivery order today.
I put my order in and was given an outrageous total price.
I asked why it was so expensive and she said its because I'm so far away so they charge a $5 delivery fee.
I immediately cancelled my order lol.
I don't understand there solicitation strategy.
FYI I live in Ventana Canyon apartments.

I order from here at least once a week for lunch.
I have to start off by saying they have awesome lunch specials.
For under $10 you get great quality lunch combos that include fries and drink.
The pizza is not the best but I've noticed that the larger the pie you order the less doughy it is and better it taste.
I recommend ordering the pizza "well done".
That sandwiches are very good.
Always ask for a side of ranch, they make their own ranch and it's awesome.
That evening shift can sometimes have bad service if you dine-in.

Ordered delivery... told 1 hour.
2 hours later, they claim they came to my work and it was closed, tried calling, and no one answered.
Weird, because i work in a 24 hour hospital and the phones go through me.
So had someone called or come to the door... would have seen it.
Finally another hour later, they showed up with my meal.
Philly was cold and stale and the fries were also cold and soggy.
I'm sure it could have had potential but that disappointing 3 hour wait made me feel gross trying to eat it.
Plus, you Shouldnt eat food that has been sitting at room temp that long.

What a joke!!
One n Done with this place!!
Ordered one order of chicken parm and one spinach salad for pick up, they said it would be 45 min!!
Hour and a half later I walked out with food....really????
Add insult to injury...food sucked!!!!
Yelp backs a bitch!!!
)))

I placed an order for pick up, and they said 15 minutes, and they were right my food was ready.
Unfortunately it wasn't what I ordered.
I took a look at it and verified what I had ordered was not what was in the to go box.
The cashier then let me know they have two sandwiches with the same name, and apologized no offer to remake my order nothing.
So I left, but turned around and said that since that was not what I ordered I wanted a new sandwich.
Of which they complied, but of course not with out the original cashier being rude and less than helpful.
My first and last time eating from this place.

If I could give no stars I would.
Every couple of months we order in hopes they improve, but they never do.
Tonight we ordered a pizza, which came with very little cheese, 20 HOT wings, that were dry and PLAIN, and two orders of fries, 1 large and one added on to the chicken wings, we got a ONE tiny 3x3 box of fries.
Each item was wrong.
Last time we ordered, we ordered 40 wings and only got 30.
We will not be giving them another chance!!
On the bright side, wait, there is none, it took 80 minutes to get our colder than room temperature food!

We decided to give another try from two months ago.
The pizza was good, sauce and cheese on all pieces this time, the wings actually had sauce on them this time, but they still forgot the 2 liter of soda that came with the special.
Always something wrong if not all wrong.
We will not give another chance.
3 strikes, sorry, you are OUT!

I called in to place an order, the female on the other end of the line asked if I wanted take out or delivery.
I asked how much more take out was, she then asked me for my phone number, address, and gate code, which I said I didn't know, then she said that shouldn't be a problem because the drivers know the code.
I asked her how long it would be and she said about 30 minutes.
A little over an hour later, I start wondering where my order is, so I call back and talked to a female again, who I think took the original order.
She told me that my order had been sitting there for a half hour and that I definitely didn't ask for delivery, but was supposed to pick it up.
I asked if they could deliver it now, she flippantly said that it would take another hour or I could come in to pick it up.
Not wanting to wait another hour, I went to pick up the food.
I did speak with a manager when I was there and he comped half of the meal, which was a decently nice gesture that seemed to fall a little short.
I also saw him chastise the flip employee who spoke with me on the phone.
Another employee shared overhearing the female on the phone and felt that the female was rude.
It just felt like the one staff member needed to  be whipped into shaped by the Restaurant Impossible guy.
I could feel the attitude that she was projecting at her manager and it was awkward and uncomfortable.
The service was terrible.
It just seems odd that you would argue with a customer over whether their order was for pick up for delivery, especially if the restaurant doesn't get paid unless I pick up the food or they deliver it.
The food was okay.
The pizza was chilly by the time it made its way home.
Some of the greens caprese salad looked a little suspect.
All in all not the best experience, quite deserving of a 1 star rating.
I did give it two stars because the garlic balls were very good.
I may go back for them, but only if the person who took my order doesn't pick up the phone.

Ordered a late lunch at the office today.
I ordered the personal pizza with extra cheese and mushrooms.
yum!
ordered mozzarella sticks and a tuna salad.
very good food.
Ordered the pastrami the last time and it wasn't the best sandwich.

Have tried ordering twice..Delivery takes at least 90 minutes from order at lunch and dinner took 2 hours and 15 minutes.
Fries get were soggy.
Won't give it a third try not worth the hassle.

Pizza was terrible!
Came burnt, which was clearly visible and they still delivered it.
Crust was hard as a rock, too bad, was hoping to find a good pizza place in the area we just moved into!

When ordering for delivery, today we everything was rushed and uninviting.
Then delivery comes, ordered mozzarella sticks with RANCH.
What comes with delivery, marinara, wrong already.
Ordered pizza and no crushed red pepper and no grated cheese.
Today was the worst service we got from our phone order.
So yes, bad review....... not happy but it be what it is.

I'm only giving 2 stars because I just ordered and was charged a $5.00 DELIVERY CHARGE PLUS a $1.00 fee for using a credit card.
Not to mention, the drivers tip.
I don't live that far away!
The pizza is decent, not the best I've ever had, but I can get decent pizza delivered for a lot cheaper from other places.
I'll  only order from this place again if they stop charging outrageous fees!

I really enjoy the pizza and wings at Angelina's.
It's a little pricey, so we always pick up the order instead of delivery to avoid additional charges.
The pizzas are really big and the sweet chili wings are so yummy!
I love the ranch too!

The BLT pizza is really good!
and yes their ranch dressing is awesome.
The turkey pesto wrap is also worth it.
As for the appetizers I'm always disappointed.
The place is super expensive but it the only place open at 2am :) beggers can't be choosers

My boyfriend introduced me to Angelina's Pizza!
When we decide to have an over indulgent calorie nite in with movies, we always choose Angelina's!
We order a pepperoni and sausage pizza, chicken wings, and zucchini sticks (I know that is a lot, but don't judge!- haha)   It may seem a little pricey.... but we truly enjoy every bite!
And.... don't forget to ask for ranch!

Bravo Angelians!
My mouth and stomach would like to thank you for the amazing food you just delivered to my door.
Garlic balls: you mean, little pieces of bread sent down from the holy italian gods, drenched in butter.
Seriously,  so so bomb.
Spaghetti and meatballs: best spaghetti I've had IN VEGAS.
The sauce is so delicious and fresh, and non greasy, if I could rate 10 stars for that, I totally would.
Delivery: I ordered through eat24.com, they are always fast, efficient and happy.

Don't waste your time with this place.
There's far better pizza places here in Vegas.
We came across this place as we were in the mood for pizza.
The interior is nice and everything but that's the only good thing about it.
The waitress (smelt like smoke big time) brought us menus after we had been sitting for about 5 minutes already.
After we ordered our drinks  it took about another 10 minutes to get them.
The soda was TERRIBLE.
They must not have cleaned their machine or cups because it tasted like dirty sink water mixed with soda.
After ordering new drinks and finishing them, not once did one of the waitresses fill up our cup or ask us if we needed a refill after our cups were sitting empty when we were supposed to get free refills.
Pizza was alright, had better.
We also ordered garlic bread for an appetizer and we only got it because one of us went up to the counter and had to ask for it, and the lady at the counter said she'll go check on it (they forgot about it).
Not only did we get the garlic bread after our pizza but it was burnt to a crisp and they still brought it out to us!
Also, another couple came in while we were eating and sat at a table close to us.
None of the workers greeted them nor brought them menus.
After about 10-15 minutes of waiting for service that couple just left.
20 minutes after eating and on our way home, all of our stomachs turned and headed south.
Something wasn't good in the food we ate.
Long story short.
Over priced.
Terrible service.
Eh food.
Unsanitary.

After an appointment, I was hungry and saw this place.
I thought I would give it a try.
The decor was nice and dining room clean.
I took advantage of the lunch special and ordered the 1 topping personal pizza and soda for $5.99.
The pizza took a while but it is because they make it fresh.
It was delicious!
Crust was crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside.
Cheese and mushrooms were fresh.
I would definitely come back to try more items.
The only minuses would be that the waitress never checked back in on me.
I wanted a refill on my soda.
There were two other tables and she checked on them, but not me for some reason.
And when I first walked in, there was an employee smoking by the door.

