Walmart is a great place to find anything you need for groceries (i.e, meat, vegetables, ice cream, and milk) and necessities such as, toothpaste, shampoo, conditioner, and etc.
The only thing I dislike about this place is that everything runs out fast.
If you like something you have to get it because it may be gone if you don't get it right away.

I admit I rarely shop WalMart because of wait time.
Today was my lucky day and then some.
As I was waiting in line, a nice lady...#113(No name on the receipt, and I didn't notice her name tag) was kind enough to wave me over and open another check stand for me.
She welcome me with a nice smile and greeting.
She was genuinely happy at her job and obviously cares.
She bagged my groceries quickly and with perfection.
She thanked me twice, and invited me to come back again.
I have forgotten what it's like to receive 5 star customer service like this.
I could not ask for a better shopping experience!

I love stopping at this Supercenter.
We don't have one in Hawaii.
I believe the diff between a regular Wal-Mart and a Supercenter is that the Supercenter has a full grocery store within...  Me and my friends stop at the location to purchase our supplies for our vegas stay--beer, goose, snacks, food, and ice bins...  Great one stop location for Vegas partyers!

It was thanksgiving day!
And I know I was thankful they were open!

This general area is a shopping and dining mecca for residents of Green Valley/Henderson.
Generally speaking, as far as Wal-Mart stores go, this is the nicest one in the area.
The one at Marks is super busy.
The one at Lake Mead/Boulder is small, pretty old and ghetto.
As much as I try to stay away from Wal-Mart, there's no denying that some prices are the number one motivating factor for coming here.
I mean, if I need groceries, pet food, and/or baby items, it's just convenient.
We go to Target much more, but the selection of groceries is a little limited- I can't get fruit or vegetables there, unless it's frozen.
Came here on a saturday night, so yes, it was crowded.
Overheard some people saying "I hate Wal-Mart!
" We were in the middle of the aisles, where there were displays, so pushing a cart with our baby tucked inside, and avoiding other customers, was sort of tricky.
But we didn't stay long.
This is the key when visiting Wal-Mart stores.
Get in, get your stuff, and get out.
This cuts down on the frustration factor.
Also must say that there is an excellent CRAFTS section here with a myriad of fabrics for the crafting enthusiast (such as myself).
If you peruse the other aisles, you will come across the CLEARANCE section.
Jo-Ann's is a lot more pricier for fabrics.
Don't generally stop here (been here in the past, many times), but went here were, along with a few other stops on saturday night- Sam's Club & Sally's Beauty Supply, three places total in this shopping center alone.
Plus, really needed flannel for the baby's blanket and cover.

Our fave store although always crowded during the weekends.

Only way to have a Wally World experience is in the middle of the night around 2am..
This one isn't day but does get hectic during the daytime, especially considering the plaza it sits in, and SAMs Club just next door.
Only thing a little different on this night I went was I had to use certain machines if I was paying with a card with no cash back.
And the lady working seemed a little annoyed by asking if I was paying by cash or card.
I said it doesn't matter, which ever is easiest & that seemed to further complicate things lol..
So I went to the first available one & kept it moving.. #BlessHer  3 stars just for being Wal Mart & the corporate giant you are!
Lol

this place is like a lost mazed, even the employees don't know where they put their stuff.
Target is much better place to shop

This writing does not specify that the Walmart in question is the one on Serene Avenue, but just that it is the closest to our neighborhood.
Unsure how you can write a review about orders through Walmart online.
We were dissatisfied with how Walmart has handled our recent purchase of a product that was delivered to us damaged to begin with and their refusal, understanding their policy, to reimburse us for the delivery/shipping cost.
We did not order the product online with the understanding that we will be delivered a damaged product.
We asked for a replacement and was told that nothing was available online and they would credit our account, less the shipping cost of over $50.
I don't understand why we as consumers should eat this cost when they delivered us a damaged product.
We didn't even have the opportunity to dislike the product other than it being damaged.
I would have understood if I disliked the product after seeing it whole and being liable for the shipping costs.
Might I suggest to consumers to be aware of ordering large items online and having it delivered damaged.
You can replace it or return it for your credit, less shipping cost.

It's just like every other WalMart.
Reasonably clean (most of the time, if you don't go in the bathrooms), fairly busy (especially in the grocery section).
Friendly staff is a hit or miss.
I was just there today and bought some fabric and the lady at the fabric counter wasn't overly friendly- in fact, she seemed a bit put off that I asked her to cut some fabric for me.
But then I got up to the register and the cashier was very friendly and helpful.
I was wearing my sleeping baby in a carrier on my front which gives me limited mobility when it comes to bending over- like when grabbing bags off the bagging carousel.
The cashier kindly offered to put my bags in for me.
It used to be part of the job (loading the bags, that is), but it doesn't seem like it happens very often anymore, so it was nice for the help.

Get in and get out!
This place is located on eastern and serene, right next to sam's club.
You can't miss this place, it's huge and bright.
I feel like this place always has the minimum amount of workers working.
I'm always looking around for help only to find another customer looking for help too.
And they are always out of stock on the things I need.
Swimming shorts, video games, crafts.
Cmon.
In the end I was originally going to give them three stars.
But their photo lab is a joke.
Their photo service is horrible!!!!
I LITERALLY waited an hour for a photo associate to come help me out.
Ridiculous.

This Walmart has it all.
Groceries, garden, ammunition, nail salon, pharmacy, etc.
It's huge and a great one stop shop.
Great prices of course!
Plenty of parking and plenty of cashiers.

