Kind of not happy with this place, but there are some things I do like about it.
At first, being greeted and being seated was okay.
The usual greet and seat routine like any other Denny's out there.
It wasn't busy at all, but the fact, that it took them long to get things rolling, kind of boggles me.
You have three other staff standing around, doing nothing, while this poor waitress is like running around, trying to get things done.
Now, I really don't blame our waitress, cause at least she was nice.
But the others who are just standing around, making her do all the work, was kind of rude.
Of course, that's what makes this review a poor review.
But I will give credit, where credit is due.
I know, that Denny's have certain sections for wait staff to cover.
I applaud our waitress for taking the busiest one and trying to make sure everyone is happy.
While I see another section that has one booth with set of family, while our waitress has like 6 other booth to cover.
Now, it would be nice, to share responsibilities, then to see the other waitress be snooty, and stare at our waitress, while she's all over the place.
Even though when our waitress went to break, the other waitress wouldn't even check on us to see how we were doing.
Like, she's only allowed to cover one booth in her section, where there's like 6 other booth, that doesn't have a waitress.
What kind of place, does that, where you have no one to cover a section, when its some ones break time, but have three others in uniform.
and the manager or who ever that lady was, just to stand there with the other snooty waitress and talk behind our waitress back, on how our she's is doing.
I say, if you want the job done right, then do it yourself, cause right now, you have unhappy customers, and these wait staff isn't backing up any ones section.
What a way to run a business.
As far as food goes, I did like the Zesty nachos, I did like my Super Bird sandwich.
But didn't like the fact, that they weren't cooking something that they had on their menu cause,  they tend to be out of it.
Some one should of said something, or inform our waitress, instead of making her come back, to get another order, that they still didn't have.
So the third time around, she came back, saying they didn't have what the wife wants, so we went with a second Super Bird.
That right there, tells me that there's a lack of communication between the cook and our waitress.
The fact that the cook did not inform the waitress what they can or cannot do, is the cooks fault.
Then to talk to the head manager or who ever that was, to make the waitress look bad in front of everyone, is totally uncalled for.
If a staff got a complaint about another staff, take it where, no one else could see your upset face or hand gestures.
Now, again, I applaud our waitress for doing more then she did that day, and covered what she covered.
I blame the other staff for lack of help, lack of support, and lack of communication.
Knowing that the other section only has one booth to cover, while our waitress had 6, is unappropriate.
With that being said, with the waitstaff being snooty and the cook having lack of communication skills on what they can or cannot do.
I wouldn't really come back to eat here again, if they treat their staff the way they treated our waitress.
Very unprofessional on their part.

This place is pretty basic eating for your casino cafe dining.
I prefer this to the Coco's across the street at Texas Station only because at least here I know I won't be ignored.
The staff is usually friendly and you can see that they try really hard to make the most of your meal, even if you order off the 2-4-6-8 menu.
I never feel like they judge me even when I order like a real cheepo.
The last time I went in, I ordered something and all was fine until the server said they no longer had that item.
Okay, I order something else heavily modified because the lack of ingredients.
Again a few minutes later she comes back and says they were also out of that.
(It was a holiday themed meal, it's the holiday season, so now I'm a little miffed.
)  So I order the same thing as what my husband has ordered, not really knowing what's in it, only knowing it has turkey and that's what I want.
The food comes out in little spurts because now the cook is really confused, so says the server.
We split the first sandwich and by the time the second comes I'm done.
It was just too greasy for me.
Later on after waiting a while for the check we just get up to pay seeing if they could print out the check up front.
They were able to but it was wrong, still having what I had first ordered on it.
The hostess begins to fix it and at this time the server comes up and they proceed to get into an argument about it because of the mix up the server doesn't want to charge me at all and the hostess is just not going to let that fly.
I didn't  care either way, it was nice of the server to try, but it wasn't like I was completely void of a meal.
Still eighteen dollars for two sandwiches seems steep for me especially at Denny's no less.
It's okay, this trip was a little off, but I've had better here before so I will probably be back.

I don't know how you can give Denny's anything less than four stars.
It's un-American to do so.
It's really just a Denny's inside the Fiesta!
You take all the pro's of going to a Denny's (low prices, ok food, no wait) and then add the fact that it's within walking distance of a place that sells $1 margaritas, and you have a recipe for success.
Epic win.
My last visit there was a quick stop to grab some food, and I had an epic craving for greasy, delicious, hot food.
Denny's was right there, so I popped in.
The wait wasn't too long and I got my food quickly, so I was happy.
Plus I only spent like $9, so I was happy with that, too!

This Denny's the service was very slow and they were not busy.
The food was mediocre, I did not finish not because I was full, but it was like wasting my time.
I will eat at Denny's again but not at this one.

This Denny's is inside The Fiesta Casino.
When I was there on 10/31/11 for lunch I had to wait too long to be seated, too long for the server and much too long to pay the check.
The food was nasty, maybe just fit for a dog and the server gave me the wrong check.
When I mentioned these issues to the Manager, who's breath was as bad as can be, she agreed with my comment that she was understaffed and asked me to complain to the office which did not even answer the phone.
What I find amazing when I was patronizing another Denny's about a year ago, similar problems occurred.
What else could have gone wrong?
My question is, how can this chain survive and where do they find their employees?
After two unpleasant experiences, never again!

I'm reviewing Denny's inside of Fiesta only based on their $1.99 special that is not advertised.
Just ask for "the breakfast special" and you'll get two eggs, either sausage or bacon and a small stack of two pancakes.
To get this special, you will need to order a beverage, but that's the only catch!
Food came out fast.
Service wasn't bad.
My overeasy eggs were overeasy, and they have Cholula hot sauce.
What more can I ask for?
Their breakfast special is available any time of the day at this specific Denny's.
Now, be ignorance-ridden and no longer order a side of pancakes for $2 when you can get everything else that comes with a decent and hearty American breakfast!

We were not impressed by their service.
It was lunch time and we ordered our meals but it came later.
Food was ok.

Oddly quite place!
Best place to get a good cup of coffee at 2am ;)

Marginal experience.
Food was not very good.
Wait time to order was slow - appears they are understaffed as the front door man was also seating people, getting items from the back room, taking orders, bussing tables, & checking on customers.
Steak was undercooked, biscuits were bland, etc.
Overall, I'm not surprised because it is Denny's but I'm still a little disappointed.

