Look for Charlie.
This guy really knows his stuff!
He was able to diagnose the problem with our car quickly and fix it.
Excellent customer service.
I highly recommend using them.
Charlie is like a car detective!

did my transmission and the tranny failed after 3 months dont trust him with major issues ... and he will not honour his work if it fails ... stay away

About a month ago me and my Wife were on a short road trip from Phoenix to Las Vegas.
We had planned a day trip but as luck and timing would have it our car had a different adventure on it's mind... or at least on it's fuel pump.
We found ourselves near the end of the day stuck on the side of a quiet residential neighbourhood.
Being visitors to an area you know you are at the will of the service providers.
Thoughts like how much will it cost to tow, who will tow, tow to where, all race through your head.
We Google a tow service and plan to take the car to the closest mechanic service.
While waiting for the tow truck a fellow from one of the houses where we were stuck offered to have a look under the hood.
Turns out he is a mechanic.
He pokes around a bit and then makes a call to his friend at J C J.
Together they go through a couple of tests and diagnose the issue - failed fuel pump.
The good neighbour asks his friend at J C J how much would that cost to repair and he quotes it over the phone.
Given that these guys are friends and seem to know what they are doing we decide to have the car towed over to J C J.
Now, remember that we are stuck in a town we hadn't planned to stay in... imagine our relief when the owner at J C J says, "no problem, we will order the part in the morning and have you on the road as quickly as possible.
"  When the tow truck arrives at J C J my first impression is that they might take more parts than the repair.
First impressions in this case were totally wrong.
While the shop itself is busy and a bit cluttered that is likely a symptom of the fact that these guys are good at what they do... fix cars.
The next day, the owner was on the phone several times to give us updates.
By mid afternoon while we were waiting in the office we hear the "varoom" of our engine for the first time that day!
Soon afterwards we were on the road and headed back to Phoenix.
I should mention that we own an older British car.
They seemed to have no issue getting the parts and fixing the car for us.
I would have no reservations referring my friends to J C J.  I am very thankful that we were referred to you guys and will not forget that you got us back on the road again!
Thank you - David A.
West

