I gave this spot an extra star for being very nice and friendly.
Perhaps I am just used to nail salons in LA.
But I found the price for my pedicure a bit high, especially for what I got.
I got a full set which I never do in Vegas.
Past experience has taught me to just get a mani when I am in town.
However, I love my nails!
They did such a great job and shaped them just the way I like them.
I will be back.

Great price for pedicure....
Very genuinely nice people here.
Took me right away.
More people should come here.
Good prices for this area.
Saved at least 10$ than from going across the street to paradise nails !

Thanks for the best pedicure ever!
Friendly, and even remembered me after I had been gone for a long time.
Good prices too!

They were nice at first...
I actually called and scheduled an appointment but they forgot.
The guy made my finger bleed and it hurt A LOT.
It still hurts.
Felt like they rushed me out cus my nails weren't dry when I left and they're all messed up now.
They didnt even clean out underneath my nails on one of my hands.
I do like my pedicure and the lady that did it.
But overall, Im never coming back here again.

This nail salon is tucked in behind the Original Pancake House and Goodwill on Ft. Apache.
I frequent this area, but have never really noticed it before.
Apparently they have been there for 7 years!
My friend and I decided to get quick polish changes after brunch and popped into this shop to try it out.
My first impression was that this salon reminded me a lot of my grandma's house (she is Vietnamese).
The scent of incense is overwhelming at first, but I hardly noticed it after awhile.
There are handwritten price signs posted everywhere, along with a sign regarding dogs and how they are forbidden from the salon (I thought that one was interesting...).
The people who work there are friendly, but since they were not very busy, they were trying to sell gel manis and pedis on my friend and I.
When we politely declined they were not pushy about it, which I appreciated.
The polish change was $6.
It was very quick and came out nice and also dried surprisingly fast.
As far as color selection, I wish they had more "high end" brands.
There are many OPI shades to choose from, but the Wet N Wild and Loreal brands seemed somewhat unusual for a salon.
I also peeked at the price board and noted that gel manicures are $25 (that's a steal really).
But, they do charge $5 for gel removal.
Pedicures are $19.99.
They also prefer gratuity in cash, according to the signs posted at each station.

I broke my index finger nail so I needed to go to a place just for a quick fix..
I had seen this place while eating at the Original Pancake House so I decided to give it a try..
I know most places hate someone who comes in to just get 1 nail fixed so I was expecting not the greatest service and that's pretty much what I got haha they just wanted to get me in and out..
They put the tip on crooked (no, my nail doesn't do like that lol), didn't file my nail and didn't grind it down at all after putting on the acrylic powder...
I honestly don't really care though because I'm due for a fill in about a week.. so this repair is just to hold me over until then!
The lady seemed nice and told me they only charge $15 for a fill if you just want 1 solid color so I may come back here & write an update how a 10-finger manicure goes versus the 1-finger one hahah The good thing about my repair is that they only charged me $3 even though it was for a pink & white nail...
I was in and out in 5 minutes~!
HOT TIP: Bring cash for tip!!!

What a great shop!
Fast but not rushed, thorough and friendly.
Definitely a place I'd use again!

TERRIBLE TERRIBLE SERVICE!
The minute we walked in they hounded us about what color we wanted!
Then their gel Polish wasn't good so I opted out of everything and they continued to charge even though they DID NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!
They talked so much crap the entire time we were there.
Shitty service and shitty products.
My friends Polish was chipping within 24 hours.
And their selection was crap!

I had a pedicure and gel manicure done on a recent visit.
It was my first time there.
The employees were very sweet and took their time even though I had arrived just an hour before closing.
I even noticed they had taken in a last minute appointment for a regular customer that would certainly keep them past their closing time.
My mani and pedi look great and I loved that they have a wide selection of matching nail polish sets of gel and regular nail polishes so I could match my pedi and gel mani colors.

This place is great!
I go there every two weeks for a mani pedi.
They do a great job remembering what you like and I absolutely LOVE that I get my mani pedi at the same time!!!
Nothing makes the day better than getting in and out quickly with everything done perfectly!
They can be hard to find next door to an awesome dance studio called Fred Astaire.

I take lessons at the Fred Astaire next door.
My teacher noticed that I bite my nails and suggested that I go next door to instyle nails.
My wife emphatically agreed and that's the story of how I stopped biting my nails.

Guy gets a pedicure, want to make something of it?!
Took the wife for Mothers Day, I sat next to her and got the same treatment, minus the color.
Well done, gals, well done!

I happen to stop here on getting some good grub from one of my fav places whenever Im in Vegas ( Shucks Oyster Bar/Tavern), but thats another yelp... Anyhoo.
I used the reviews from my fellow yelpers about this place, and it didnt disapoint.
Me and 3 other friends walked in, and could tell they were not staffed enought to take us all at once, but they asked us to come back in a half, we went to the good will store got some used swag, then to the LQ for some cheap liquor, and them back to the Instyle Nails, and they were ready  I had a gel redone, because the gel I already had on was chipping after 1 week!!!!
Oh No  Peter hooked me up honey, we talked, laughed,and he was quick and efficent and the end result I was very happy with because I can be picky about my nails, but Peter made me feel at ease.
I would def.
go back whenver I am in Vegas, and you should too Instyle Nails kept me cute...
Thanks

I have been to many nail places in town and for one reason or another I don't return, whether it be a bad nail job or an attitude, or too loud, or conversation amongst the workers where  you clearly know they are talking about you....  Well, on the day that I stumbled into Instyle nails, I found a very receiving couple, Peter and Amy.
I needed a new set of nails and to have the ones on my hands removed.
Peter took on the task and what a kind a personable man he was.
He took his time, he was like an artist that sculpted my nails patiently and with care.
He also got to know me a little and we became quick friends.
His wife Amy was adorable.
You can tell that they really care about their customers.
They go the extra mile both in courteous service to caring about the work they do.
I was very pleased with Peter's work and felt like I had a new home for my manicures and pedicures.
He also didn't charge me for the removal of my nails or the get that was applied since I was a first-time customer.
He told me about how he cares for his customers with pedicures and I made sure to come back in a week since I had a pretty new pedicure from another salon that I didn't enjoy, that was Fantasy nails near the outlet centers.
They cant' get you out of there fast enough, hated their service.
Well, Peter was right, I went back the following week to see him for a pedicure and it was the best pedicure I ever received.
Amy did the prettiest design on my toes and didn't charge me again, since it was my first time for that extra service.
She also waxed my eybrows and they came out fantastic!!
I now feel like a customer that is cared about and couldn't recommend them enough, for when I go to get my nails and toes done, I want to relax, I don't want a busy salon where they are just trying to push you out.
I found my new crew, Peter and Amy.
Thanks for your caring profssionalism, I'll be back again soon for my fill and next pedicure.
Ladies, don't walk to this place RUN!
You will be glad you did.

I looked on yelp and filtered for the cheapest nail salon around my area.
This place was seriously the cheapest manicure $12 I could find so I thought I would give them a try.
Right when I walked in, they were not busy at all.
I picked me color and the guy quickly got started on my nails.
He realized that my nails were real and long and started to telling things to keep my nail strong.
He seriously took his time on my cuticles and painting my nails.
This place will be my new nail place when I'm in town!

