Decent cut, but when I got home I found scrapes and razor burns all over my dogs stomach.
The vet bill was $141 and Natalie refused a refund or to pay the vet bill.
My dog could not sleep and wouldn't eat for 5 days because of the pain.
They cost me $189 and an injured dog and refused to correct the problem.
I DO NOT recommend this place.

Just moved to Vegas with my bf who's in the military and I've been looking for a new place to get our dog groomed.
After taking her somewhere else in town and being completely disappointed I decided to try Tail Waggers.
Since the only review that I saw was not a very good one I was a little apprehensive but gave them a chance since it had been a year and half since that review.
I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised.
The owner was very delightful and they did a great job with our goldendoodle.
She looks great.
The price was just right too!
I'm sorry that the other reviewer had such a bad experience but all I can do is speak off my experience and it was a good one.
I really hope other people give them a chance because I don't think they will be disappointed!
We feel like we've definitely found the perfect groomer for us.

Carmen is an amazing grooming.
Ask for her when booking.
i have worked with Carmen.
She does do great work and for the first bad comment.
I heard what happened and Jason A. does NOT take good care of his pet.
The dog was matted down to the skin and when you never get your dog groomed Jason your pet will have clipper burn!!!!!
You Jason should have been reported to animal control!

I called around for pricing after spending sooo much on getting my three dogs groomed.
I usually bring only one of my dogs a month because it is so expensive.
This place had the best price so I thought I would give them a try.
Not only are they cheep enough that I can bring them all in at the same time, but the sweetest ladies work there and they do a great job.

I love Tail Waggers Club!
I have been taking my Chow Chow there since they opened.
It is always clean and Carmen is the best groomer in town.

New to the area a turned to Yelp to find a place to take my 15 y.o.
Collie mix.
I decided on Tail Waggers and am VERY happy with my decision.
I didn't have any "grooming" done just a bath and a comb out, but my kid looked (and smelled) GREAT!
LOVED the fact that they ask for proof of vaccinations BEFORE they would take him.
Also, LOVE the fact that they do not just put the dogs in cages the entire time.
Natalie took her time with my pup , made him feel comfortable and even called me in while she cut his nails (to lessen the stress for him).
The price is VERY reasonable (almost half of what I paid in LA).
Although they forgot to do the "hot oil" treatment I WILL be bringing my kid back here next time.
Great job ladies!

They were closed Monday after Easter.
I tried bringing one of my dogs to another groomer so I could go in that Monday.
I will never do that again.
My poor Jinxy came back tramatized.
He hid under the bed for two days.
Sorry to my friends at Tail Waggers Club for cheating on you.
Never again.

We've been taking our babies since we moved here.
So it's going on 4 years now.
They just love Natalie and Carmen!
They treat our babies like their own.
We've never had any problems!
If you love your dog then I'd recommend Tail Waggers Club hands down!

