Dana's Nails was the third place I went to to get my nails done in Las Vegas since I moved here 5 yrs ago.
Third time's the charm!
I don't get my nails done anywhere else!
Yes, this is an asian owned and run facility and they DO speak english.
My favorite gal there is Elaine.
One of my biggest things about going to any kind of spa is that the person does what I ask not what they think is "better".
Elaine is awesome, no questions asked, she does whatever I request and she's such a sweetheart!
The only thing that I don't like is that when they get busy, they pawn you off to another fellow manicurist so that they can start on the person that just walked in through the door...
So by the time I leave, sometimes all 4-5 people that are working that day will have contributed to the creations on my fingers and tootsies.

This is the only place I go to.
Elaine is the only person I let do my nails!
I found her a few years ago, and will follow her wherever she goes!
Her prices are great & she ALWAYS does a wonderful job.
I recommend calling a few days in advance, because she is always booked!

Love this place!
Love Elaine.
I have tried several nail places on this side of town which is close to my home/job and I have never been happier with my nails.
Try it!

I love elaine she has been doing my nails for years (even before this place ) she rocks.
i had the same set of nails for over two years and they never lifted (and i work in water all day).
I have had nothing but a great expierience here everytime.
As far as i see everybody does a good job and  they are VERY sanitary.

Sometimes, it is a superb pain to find a decent nail tech that actually does great job.
I don't think I am that peaky on food In general but I'm extremely careful choosing the right nail salon... After talking with my friend(she is a royal customer for a long time at Dana's Nail & Spa), I thought I should intervene for the sake of all mankind.
I've seen my friend's mani/pedis done by a lady name, Elaine...
I thought she has done some pretty good job.
But I asked my friend if her set of new acrylic nails are lifting easily after one or two weeks or so.
She replied, " Not at all, Jieun., that is one of many reasons that I drive all the way across town to get my nails done!
"  :-)  I've been coming here ever since my friend has recommended.
I have tried with other technicians at the salon and they've been as good as Elaine.
I usually get Pink & Sparkling Pearl White fill.
They also have  some vibrant color of powdered acrylic for the french tips that you can choose.
I've been trying out all different color of glitters for this summer and I got a lot of  great compliments by people.
If you want to have your nails done by Elaine & like to request a certain time of the day, you need to make an appointment at least a week before...  Usually she is all booked for all six days (off Sundays) a week!!
She is a very busy lady :D Once in a while, I feel rushed  or a little bit delayed because of her lined up scheduled customers like has happened in many other salons.
But I'm all looking for a quality nails done and I am OK with it.
Well, I'll be walking out the salon feeling pampered & confident again next week, oh yeah!!
**Elaine is off to surgery and won't be back til sometime in early September.
Her last day of work is 26th of July.
I want to wish her the best of luck.. Keep her in Prayers**

like i have said before honesty is always the best policy.....so i go to get my nails done and unfortunately elaine was out for an operation so i had to cheat my nails couldnt bear 6 weeks so i saw a different lady (hiedi) who i asked if she was new or filling in for elaine (since she was at her station) she responded no im just new ...Not telling me new OWNER!
AND THAT everyone who worked there before was practically gone!
It took her two hours to fill my nails and im impatient....After two hour that S*it better look flawless but my nails were crooked and lifted and broke off after three days ...luckily my girl is back to work but not here ...you can figure out where if you really want to know (look at the name!

I DO NOT recommend this nail salon.
Horrible custom service and rude employees.
I had got a gel manicure and within 2 days it started chipping pretty bad.
I went back on a Wednesday evening to get them fixed.
When I arrived the time was 6:35 pm and the sign on the door stated they were open until 7:00 pm, mind you the "open" light was on.
When I walked in immediately I was told "were closed".
After debating with the female working she finally agreed to fix my nails.
Because "they were closed" she repaired 1 finger nail-that's it.
When I called to speak with the manager the next day whoever answered the phone said "He's not in" and before I could get a word in, was hung up on.
Will never go back to this salon.
If you can't practice good work ethics simply don't run a business or have people who could care less working for you.

