Very happy with these guys!
They called us the day before to confirm and showed up on time-which being Sunday morning at 8am, was appreciated.
I expected the job to take about 4 hours, mainly because we were moving from a 2nd floor to another 2nd floor place, but they finished in 3.5 hours so we were pleasantly surprised.
I snuck outside to peek into the truck, because I have seen some dirty moving trucks in the past, but from what I could see, it was very organized and looked clean.
And when moving into the new place they made sure to ask us where every single thing should go, they didn't just come in and start setting things down-which is one thing that usually drives me crazy.
And special thanks to Sedrick (I'm probably spelling his name wrong) when I was telling him where to put each box he brought in I would go and try to grab them, and he wouldn't let me lift a finger, but moved them himself.
Much appreciated :)

We moved upstairs to upstairs, which means these guys had to work hard.
I have to tell you, these men didn't flinch!
Sunday morning at 9 am, they were there.
Sed and the guys finished the job in 2.5 hours!
Wow.
I had to tip them well for doing such a great job and especially for their upbeat, positive attitudes.
The truck was clean and in good working order.
They wrapped everything that should be wrapped and got it out of their fast.
No time was wasted on breaks or idle talk...these men were about business.
There were no additional charges for us.
Great company and will use again.
I just wish I knew about them before I moved the first time!
LOL

I called and booked my appointment with only a 4 days notice....?
"No Problem"  They moved me from an upstairs unit to a downstairs unit next building over.. "No Problem"  I totally lied about the duration of the move, during the estimate, I said 2 hours tops....however .. it took them almost 4 hours "No Problem" lol.
These guys worked hard, non stop, no complaints, courteous,.. and they mean business!!!!
they made my move quick and painless!!!
Well worth investing!!!!
Great Job guys and Thank you!

I can't say better things about Sedric and his team Steve and Chris.
They worked hard and nonstop and were done within 2.5.
Hours from the time they wrapped up all my rooms and loaded the truck.
Not to mention they were so friendly and courteous and made my move so easy.
I even had a large granite table that I know weighed a ton and they handled moving it with no problems.
I commend them for doing such a great job and highly recommend using them for any and all your moves.
Thanks again to Sedric, Steve and Chris who came out on a Sunday morning and getting me all moved to my new home.
Great job guys!!

As good as they get, I used Warren's Homework to move me a year early, they had to move me 2 miles, everything was packed and wrapped up ready to go and they took forever to move me and charged me a ridiculous amount.
This time I used Sunshine movers and they moved me 20 miles and did it in 2 hours less time.
They are more professional, hard workers and being a female they didn't rip me off by being lazy and taking their sweet time like Warren's Homework.
I highly recommend Sunshine Movers for any and all moves.
Unfortunately I will be moving again later this summer but without hesitation I will only use Sunshine Movers.

So far this guys are amazing.
So glad I did my homework on them and the owner is great, he even came over to look at the house to give an estimate.
Got 3 guys and they have been moving fast, it helps when you have everything packed and broken down.
So far I'm very happy.
The guys finished in 3 hrs , they are amazing  Very friendly and efficient.
I am recommending them to everyone.

Friendly and fast!
The other reviews are right on.
We got a fair estimate of 10 hours for a big local move utilizing 4 men and 2 trucks out of a 5000 sf home, into a slightly larger one, Once the work day arrived, they showed up about 5 minutes early, did a quick assessment of everything with the entire crew, and went to work.
The delivery location was about 25 minutes away once everything was packed up.
Even with that distance, they still came in UNDER their estimated time by about 3 hours with no damage to any furniture and nothing but positive attitudes the entire day.
It's an excellent team to have working with you.
I would definitely use them again and feel very comfortable recommending them.

These guys are the hardest workers I have ever witnessed.
They did an EXCELLENT job with our move and I 100% recommend them.

