I am often the victim of compulsive decision making leaving me with a mixed mash-up of results.
My latest compulsion found me at Salon Pro, where I had minimum to fair expectations these "stylists" could tackle the task of "reshaping" my (already short) hair style.
My goal was to have it TRIMMED to aid in a healthy grow-out into a longer do.
Upon entering the salon I was abruptly asked to sign in and have a seat despite the lack of other clients on the waiting list OR even in the salon.
I browsed through some hair books, dating back to 1992 for some style ideas as I waited for the stylist to finish her client's highlights.
Just as I was feeling decent about my decision, an older woman ambled into the salon.
Not that I have anything against senior stylists, it's just my hopes were shattered that the crabby youngster (who probably had a better idea of what I wanted) would not be tending to my hair.
Already the knots started forming in my stomach and I fought viciously the desire to run out of the salon and never look back.
I should have.
After, we'll call her "Flo", put me in her chair and discussed styles I was feeling decent about my upcoming experience.
Shampoo down, I plopped back in Flo's chair.
I'm pretty sure if Edward Scissor hands was a real person, Flo would have been it.
Heavy chopping, hair falling in chunks, my hair was f*cked.
So, my growing out phase has since been put on hold, I am no longer able to sweep my (once grown out) bangs back behind my ears, and my (hair's) life has since been spent in ponytails, or what's left of my hair that will actually reach being pulled back into a ponytail.
I do not suggest taking the inexpensive way out in the hair cutting department.
Save your money and go to that special someone you might have enjoyed going to in the past, it's WORTH the extra charge!

I stumbled in here because I wanted something new and I knew my regular hair stylist wouldn't do it.
Also, my son needed a trim.
I ended up going from shoulder length hair to an incredibly stylish Faux hawk.
I can't express how happy I was with the cut and the styling.
I've had constant compliments on my hair for three weeks now.
Can't imagine getting anything but good out of these ladies.

So I'm not a super picky about my hair, as long as it's even.
I found this place one day because of the $9.95 sign outside (call me cheap LOL).
I've been here many times because of the price and convenience.
Every time I come here it's a hit or miss.
I'll tell you that the best stylists are Bri and Tasha (sorry if I misspelled your names).
Tasha is, I think, the manager of the joint.
She's highly requested but if you get a chance to squeeze in, you'll leave happy.
This place isn't like a formal salon.
Everyone tends to know everyone else and sometimes that factor ends up dismissing professionalism.
Thank goodness I have short hair.
I'm in and out in a jiffy and that's ok in my book.

Under new management, but we still had a great experience here.
Yes, it's a total hole in the wall.
Yes, we were the only ones in there.
Yes, the decor is very outdated and lacking.
BUT, my husband got a great precision cut for $9.
He's paid much more for a crappy cut in DC.
Based on apperances, we would have NEVER ventured in here if not for Yelp!
So glad we did!

