good pizza: dough is very good & consistent product for carryout (delivery: $2).
single topping large pie for $10 is what to order.
they bill it as new york style - i'll just call it tasty.
guys that work here seem like they might _just_ be frm new york (if that's an excuse for curt service).
sometimes when i've been in there I've heard some pretty rough talk from the staff, so take that fwiw.

Absolutely the BEST pizza and calzones in town!
This is a typical NY pizzeria with very little atmosphere, but the food makes up for it.
They even deliver.
If you're a transplanted New Yorker or just cannot find real NY pizza anywhere, this is the place for you!

Great pizza wonderful friendly staff & great specials!
Always a smile and a thank you here!

Having spent time in New York, New Jersey, and Chicago I feel fairly competent to rate a decent pizza.
Sunset pizza is d@mn good and is 100x fresher and more authentic than the chain pizza places all over Vegas.
Sunset is family owned and operated and makes their Pizza from scratch.
I would recommend any tomato sauce based pizza and the medium wings with homemade ranch dressing.
I sure miss this place and you won't be disappointed.

I LOVE this pizza!
The ranch is the BEST around, and the hot fries kick ass!
The Boulder Highway location is better, but Horizon Ridge is awesome too!
Get two Xlarge Cheese pizzas with two pints of ranch...and your weekend food choices are set and set good!

Visited again today as I was famished from running errands.
I hadn't been in in a while as we've been doing take away from them.
It looks like perhaps they've either expanded to a second location and have new staff or they have sold the business.
In any case, the place looks a bit cleaner and they've put plaid tablecloths on the tables.
The staff was very nice and friendly and I am thrilled to say the quality hasn't changed!
The calzone was made to order and cooked to perfection.
The sauce was  very tasty.
I'm still a devoted customer!

We get take out from Sunset once every two weeks the crust is perfect and they don't over do it with the sauce.
If you want thick crust and heavy sauce go back to Chicago, this is NY style pizza.
The take out/eat in special is now a $9.99 large cheese, it was a one topping.
economy I guess...
Still great for the price.

Great pizza, steak sandwich, fresh hot steak fries, stromboli freshly made.
The lasagna great, Nick and his staff great, that is why I keep coming back.
:):) Great prices

The best Italian food in Vegas.
People are great, price is great.
I visit at least 1x week.
I saw a few problems with staff posted, I have had the opposite experience every one was friendly and sociable.

I like Sunset Pizza but they gave me the shaft........... Pizza was cold when i came to order it to go by the box it looks like it was someone elses pizza that cancelled there was a order number crossed out on the box give me a break thats just plain bs lazy lazy lazy..Our Italian sub not toasted how dare you......... Fries reheated strike three  Fyi short hair  mexican guy was the cook and short haired white guy with beard at register if you see these guys there check your food before leaving.
I want my tip back

I Love Sunset Pizzeria!
I was introduced to this place by a good friend and now it has sort of become "our place".
We both really love the chicken cheese steaks with peppers and onions.
We always order fries with our cheese steaks and there is just something about their ranch dressing.
I am a sucker for a good white pizza and this place delivers just that.
They have a couple different options of white pizzas that are interesting too.
Their crust is not too thick, not too thin and has just the right amount of crisp.
The staff is friendly, even when we walk in close to closing.

Being from NYC, I am a bit of a Pizza snob.
That said, this place comes real close to the real deal.
Would it be my goto pizzeria if I was back east?
No, but they make a pie correctly and for Las Vegas their pie is pretty good.
Has a wall of fame and a kitchy Statue of Liberty so it is the real deal.

Did it again and we were pleased.
he pie was awesome with the pepperoni.
about a 4.5 but they did well this time.

Based on the reviews I have this place a shot, but I must say we were disappointed.
I lived in New York for 3 years and this was nothing like the pizza I experienced there.
23 bux for a pizza and 2 drinks...I'd rather go to Napoli pizza and for 8 bux get a better pie.

Strangely enough I don't think I have ever gotten a pizza from here.
When I visit I go for the Philly cheese steak.
Although they are missing the authentic bread of Steakout or Pop's, it is a very good sandwich.
For a quick, casual lunch or dinner, this is one of my wife and my favorite spots in Henderson.

We have gotten pizza here before.
It was ok, not particularly bad, but not anything special either.
It is also disappointing that they do not deliver.
We decided to eat here tonight with our 2 toddler age children because it is a very casual atmosphere, good for kids and they had a special price on dine-in/take-out pizza.
I called ahead to order the pizza so when we arrived 10 minutes later it wouldn't take forever to cool off, since it is straight from the oven, so the kids could eat it.
The person on the phone refused to make our pizza ahead of time.
He told me they had "had trouble with people pre-ordering dine in orders before" & now refuse to do it.
Please explain to me the difference between me ordering a pizza and you trusting I will come to pick it up for take out and me ordering a pizza and showing up to eat it there.
Either way, you are making a pizza and I am showing up after it is made and paying for it.
What difference does it make where I eat it?
I did not appreciate being made to feel like an untrustworthy customer or the fact that we would have to show up, order, wait for the pizza to be made with antsy kids, then wait another 10-15 minutes for the pizza to cool before they could eat it.
Not my idea of a relaxing time!
So, no thanks Sunset Pizza!
We took our business elsewhere.
They were more than happy to accommodate our needs and had better prices and food than you.
We had a lovely evening, no thanks to your establishment.
We will not be returning for your "nothing special" food.

very good pizza, huge pasta dishes, delicious wings and fries.
A little pricey, but good.

Excellent pizza, great calzones.
Delivery is a little slow but worth the wait!

I'm from New York and when I come to Henderson I always get a pizza here.
Excellent food.
Little pricey but what isn't around Vegas.

We always wanted to try this place and we finally did about a month ago...boy were we pleasantly surprised!
The pizza was nice a crisp with generous toppings.
We also ordered the Philly Cheesesteak sandwich and that was on point!
We added mushrooms and jalapeños to it which made it even more so perfect.
I have to say this is the best pizza place in Henderson and we'll definitely be back even though it's quite a distance from our place.

Awesome place to get great pizza been coming here for many years!
And if you are a ranch lover like me, you will come back for more of their delicious ranch.
It can be a bit pricey depending on what you get but you do get what you pay for.

Not bad for a tiny neighborhood pizza place.
Not great either.
The pizza crust was crunchy and perfectly cooked.
The ingredients on our pepperoni and mushroom were just ok, not top shelf ingredients.
The chicken wings were surprisingly good.

My go-to local independent pizza joint.
I call it in, show up in 20 minutes and take home a great pie.
Crust, sauce and cheese are solid with a decent selection of toppings.
The crew is a good group.
Leave 'em a tip.

Awesome pizza in a cool little hole in the wall pizza joint.
Just the way pizza should be served.
I got the Medium with half mushroom / pepperoni and half cheese for the kids.
From ordering to receiving, it took less than 20 minutes.
We also ordered the mozzarella sticks which I would skip next time as I'm not a fan of the bread crumb type breaking.
I prefer my mozzarella sticks dipped in the batter.
The pizza though was just like u enjoy.
Nice crispy yet chewy crust, fresh ingredients and not too much grease.
I'm from the east coast so I'm overly picky about my pizza but this place is spot on.
This is a definite repeat for us on pizza night.

