So I have herd about this place from so many people and seen it every time I go to work I finally got the chance to stop In here let me tell you this place has it all and are extremely friendly and will answer any questions you have for them the prices here can NOT be beat no matter how hard I looked for something cheaper it didn't happen why because they have the lowest prices in town don't believe me stop by a check it out yourself you won't be disappointed trust me.
So the final question is would I recommend this place to anybody?
The answer is yes I would recommend this place to any and everybody I promise you won't be disappointed defiantly worth the drive!!

Great family run store with everything you need.
If they don't have it, they will get it for you.
Fair prices and great service!

Great customer service and the best prices in town!

Great family business.
Supplement prices that can't be beat.

I had my favorite sports nutrition store in San Diego or online.
After moving here, had to find a new location.
I avoid GNC's, Vitamin Worlds, and Vitamin Shoppes.
I avoid them because they are way overpriced.
First started going to Las Vegas Nutrition, but then I found this place.
-Prices:  The best out here in the valley.
Online might be a little cheaper, but you have to worry about shipping cost and deliveries.
-Service:  They know their stuff here.
Just tell them exactly what your needs are, what you're working on.
-Supply:  They usually have what I'm looking for.
I don't change brands much.
But everyone once in awhile mix it up when it comes to my pre-workout.
I'm here at least once per month to stock up.
There is really no reason for me to go anywhere else.
When it comes to prices, they are the best.
If they are not the best, they will match whatever is out there.
Again, they know their stuff and will not rip you off.
Every once in awhile I see people come in and want the impossible.
They want to gain 30 lbs of muscle and lose 20 lbs of fat in 3 months.
Or, they want to buy a bunch of supplements that are counterproductive.
Don't worry, Spartan will ensure that you are getting what you need.

Pretty simple: I walked in, explained what I was looking to do and they didn't sell me anything.
He said "here's a sample of what I would use, I actually use it.
It'll do good and if you don't like it, come back and we'll try another sample.
" He was right, I loved it and did what it was supposed to.
Went back, picked up a full bottle this time and STILL friendly as heck.
I tell ya, a Vitamin Shoppe or GNC seems to always want to SELL you.
Then you get to the register and its "this is paired with ____ usually"...more selling.
Not here.
Good advice and a friendly atmosphere.
When I need something again, Ill be back, and ill reccomend to friends!

I really like this store.
They have all the necessary supplements I need for my current workout plan, and the prices are the best in Vegas (I've done my research).The owner Abid knows his stuff  - He always take the time to recommend items based on my needs & goals.
While it doesn't equal the advice given by a nutritionist or personal trainer...it's helpful.
Store also carries products you normally wouldn't find at vanilla stores like GNC.

Awesome place, great customer service, and amazing prices.
Really friendly and knowledgeable.
Always helpful, never pushy, very professional.
They can even order items for you if they don't currently stock them... just ask!
Will return over and over!

Went there asked for something specific that he did not have.
He said he will order for me and to go back the following week.
I went back and he told me he did not ordered, he said to come back the following week, I went back the following week and he told me he did not ordered again!
This is something he had ordered for me in the past, it's not like he gave me an answer that he couldn't get it anymore, so there is no excuses to make me wait or give me the run around for nothing.
My opinion this guy is an idiot, I prefer to drive further and spend my money else wear.
Vitamins shop have so much more product/options and their prices are the same.

i guess i should have paid more attention to the name itself.
I was looking for nutrition supplements, not necessarily to bulk up.
I walked into the store intimidated by all the men, here i am a tiny little asian trying to get some biotin.
To my amazement they did have it!
Guys were very nice helpful and good looking =)

After a trip to a different nutrition store a few days ago and getting God awful BCAA fruit chews that was recommended by the store employee, I found myself coming here before going to the gym which is in the same parking lot.
One of my instructors was telling me about this store and how they have Quest bars in all flavors.
I originally planned on just getting vitamins but it wasn't a surprise to me that I ended up getting hundreds of dollars worth of protein powder, vitamins and bars.
The guys that work here are super helpful, honest, knowledgeable - I went to school with one of them so I know they know their stuff.
I do a lot of cardio and have been wasting away according to some people.
I need more protein!!!
I asked one of them if they have BCAA that isn't the size of horse pills or doesn't come in chewable form that tastes like torture.
So, they gave me a sample of the powder form (mixed with water, of course) and it was a scary Pepto Bismol pink but tastes like Gatorade!
Sold!
I bought a dozen Quest bars for $22.
That's like $1.80/bar when other stores sell them for at least $2/bar.
They had a great variety of flavors and I asked them what their favorites were.
They have everything you could possibly need for nutrition, weight loss, bulking, etc.
for less money than the bigger chain store.
I got a free protein shake bottle with my purchase.
I'd be crazy to go a different store.

Everyone is very knowledgable and friendly.
They have tons of products that you can't get anywhere else.
That's the first place I go to get my basics and to try something new.

I always recommend Spartan to people I know because their prices are so cheap and they always have what I'm looking for.
They also have samples of different products in case you don't want to commit to any product just yet.
This really helps when you're on the fence about certain products.
Every time someone tells me they found something on "sale" elsewhere I just laugh because more often than not Spartan has the same if not lower price every day for the same exact product.
This is a hassle free shop when I'm looking for things like protein pre workout or any kind of supplement.
It is way on the edge of the city but it is definitely worth it.
They also have free local shipping when you order $50 or more so that's pretty convenient.

