Over price.

1 hour time quote turned into over two, and my oil change and Trans  service turned into a $1000 quote.
It's hard to find a mechanic you can trust, and the business had changed hands, and completely turned over staff from the previous times I had come in for service.
I ended up having the basic work done - oil change, transmission service, battery service, but left the AC up to someone else.
The language barrier didn't help.
Telling me the AC compressor "is froze" meant nothing to me.
I need a mechanic who can explain what's going on with my vehicle.

Went to this place for smog check and sign on front of the building stated $9.95 but was charged $14.95.
Also they told that I need it new brakes and air filter, but they were replaced on my car 500 miles ago.
Stay away from this business.

DO NOT COME HERE.
you would think that smaller businesses would cost less then the big name franchises but this place is way too much and way to shady.
How is it that a synthetic oil change for my 03 jetta would cost $75??!!
I asked for my keys back and left.

STAY AWAY!
I received a coupon in the mail for a smog check for the price of $9.95 from Purrfect Auto.
Since I have just moved to Las Vegas and the shop is just around the corner from my new home, I decided to use their service.
When I arrived I asked if the $9.95 price was still good, and the attendant said yes.
So I got in line at the service window; I was 3rd.
The 2 people in line ahead of me had coupons for $9.95 oil changes.
I was amazed when the first lady was told that her car used a special oil, a special filter and more oil than what the coupon allowed, and the price would be $48 and change!
The upsell was effective and she agreed.
The next lady was told that her car used 5-20 oil and that the coupon was for 10-30.
The attendant claimed the 5-20 oil was a semi synthetic and that her price would be $38.00.
She agreed and now it was my turn.
I gave the attendant my information and was immediately asked if my truck was a heavy duty model.
When I told her it was a Super Duty but not a diesel model , she immediately told me that the price would be $28.00.
Now mind you, I have owned this truck since 2005 and had it smogged in Reno every year for $19.00.
From what I know as a backyard mechanic and from my previous experience with smog tests, there is no difference in the labor or the technicalities of performing the test on my truck than on any other vehicle.
I asked to see the manager and he told me the truck was a Heavy Duty and much more work.
He could or would  not explain why.
Based on the two previous customer experiences I witnessed, it is plain to me that this company sends out its coupons knowing full well that they will not honor the price.
After spending 30 minutes in their store, I left and found another smog shop.
I paid them $15.00, their standard price for all gas engine vehicles.
This company is actively involved in bait and switch program.. Reading the other horror story  reports about this franchise on this website, I think I escaped by the skin of my teeth.
I would heavily recommend that if you need work done on your vehicle, you avoid this shop at all costs.
I am probably lucky, because next week I was going to ask them about an oil change and brake job.
I am sure that would have been very expensive.

I have brought my car in five times.
I have been charged 4 different totals for the same service.
The lady at the front even pointed this out to me.
Their ads are great if you only use the services and products  that are described in the ad.
Anything else is more expensive.

Terrible!
Do not take your vehicle here!
They will take your money but not fix the problem.
I'm fairly certain they actually created more problems intentionally on my vehicle.
I saw the business was being investigated for exactly the same thing.
I had them fix my radiator hose once and they put the wrong hose on which kinked because it didn't fit correctly.
I got about two miles down the road before the pressure built up enough to blow the hose out and my radiator was bone try.
My ASE certified mechanic friend took one look at it and said whoever put the hose on my truck shouldn't be turning a wrench on lawn mowers let alone people's vehicles.
This place is absolute garbage and I can't believe they are still in business.
I wish I could give them zero stars.

I cannot add a star but Yelp forces me to add one.
This place is a ripoff.
Went in for a diagnosis of my cooling system since it was creeping into higher temp levels.
Results return for a relay (which I knew) and the ac fan.
Relay retails for under $20 and the fan (usually) under $120.
Estimate for work, near $500.
Of course, minus the diagnostic $49.95.
Bad.
I told mech I know how much the parts are and opted for the aftermarket.
He had another price ready.
Half.
Finished and then was told that I needed my thermostat replaced.
This SHOULD have been found when the original cooling system diagnostic was run.
Why was it not?
Why did the car run HOT as soon as I drive off their lot?
This car was not running hot when I brought it in and after two parts were replaced, it runs too hot.
Again, the diagnosis (and any good mechanic) should have found a bad thermometer FIRST.
Reluctantly, I had the $30 thermostat replaced.
Charge was $200 and nearly 3 hours later.
Insane and we will never return and make sure we tell our pals not to visit.
Also, there is a posting at their counter.
$50 off next service for a POSITIVE Yelp!
Review.
Paying for a review.
Bottom Line.
Don't trust this place or their positive reviews.

Okay, so I probably would have avoided this place if I saw the reviews...but I just needed an oil change and I got a coupon in the mail...I love coupons =).
The prices for services seemed fair, I got an oil change + tire rotation for $19.99 (with coupon) with all the fluids topped off.
I had my windshield wipers changed out ($14.99 per wiper) with a 5 year warranty, and an air filter for $15.
The lady that was there was very helpful, she pointed out there was a small oil leak, but took the time to take me into the garage to show it to me.
And I know I read that some people think they create problems to drum up more business, but I knew about this leak.
She didn't actually tell me to fix it, she said my car had a lot of miles so it would be better to just monitor since it would be an expensive fix and make sure the oil level doesn't get too low...However, the problem being I don't know how to check the oil level.
She took the time to show me how to check the oil level and told me when I should be checking it as well.
Overall, I felt they were very friendly and courteous through the whole process.
And no, I was not paid or discounted to write this review.
They do have a poster advertising $50 off of a service for a yelp review.
However, I think that's fair since a lot of businesses post discounts for checking in or a yelp review.

Had a coupon for a free oil change got great service from the front desk lady, she really knew a lot more than just handing over your keys and signing on the dotted line.
Kevin was our mechanic and did a good job explaining things that needed to be done in the future.
They didn't try to sell me on any other services or push me into anything.
That alone is worth 3 stars.
I will be back for the next oil change!

If it were possible i would give NO stars.
I went in for an oil change and a brake inspection ( because my brakes have been squeaky so i just wanted to know why because i replaced them last august at just Brakes)  I didn't go to Just Brakes because it was far from where i was and this was more convenient for me.
According to them, my calipers where bad but my break pads where great ha Surprise!
I thought that was a bit weird because I replaced my calipers last August as well.
They brought me in the back to see it and it looked wet but they told me it was leaking ( which was very untrue)  I then called Just Brakes to see if I could stop by so they can check it out.
Even though they were closing they said they would take a look at it..
I get there and they take my tires out and it was dry!
Nothing was wet and there was no brake fluid, if anything Purrfect tried to mess with my calipers to make it look like it was ruined.
In no time Just Brakes fixed what problem Purrfect made ( AND they explained what they were doing and let me watch)   The only thing that this place is good for is oil change but even now i'm kind of iffy about it.
I've learned my lesson!
Please, if you're thinking about going here, don't.
Its worth a farther drive to another place.
I'd hate for others to come here and have worse damage done to their car.

The woman at the desk was super friendly.
She is the only reason they even deserve one star.
After paying 70$ for an oil change that was advertised at 9.95.
(I overpaid, I know but you live and learn) i left confident there was nothing wrong with my car.
I was offered a free break inspection which I accepted.
I was told my car was in tip top shape, needing no additional repairs.
I had heard a noise in my brakes before going but assumed they would let me know what that was from when they did the inspection.
After picking up my supposedly fine car the brake noise persisted and I took it to my dealer a few days later.
Brakes metal to metal.
No brake pad left.
Had they performed the brake inspection they offered and assured me they did they would have easily spotted this.
Lazy liars here.
I'm glad they didn't get any more money from me by spotting my brake issue though.
Don't go here.
Ever.
Save yourself and your car from this place.

