This is not my normal pharmacy/all purpose drugstore.
I go here when I need an item quickly.
I had another stop to make in Village Square this afternoon, so I killed to birds with one stone.
I quickly found what I needed, paid, and was out the door in less than three minutes.
That's good for me.

Friendly staff, relatively clean.
Regular stop on way home from work when I'm out in Vegas as I live 20 seconds away.

Love how when I walk in they know me by name here!
Everyone is so friendly & helpful!
Excellent customer service!

I like going to Walgreen over cvs any day.
They have more than one register open and you don't have to wait in line for an hour, as opposed to the hour you spend in line at cvs.
The pharmacy staff is pleasant to deal with too.

Nice little plaza, easy parking - seems a bit expensive, but that's Vegas.
Very nice inside with friendly staff.

This pharmacy sucks

Avoid this Walgreens.
I went in to buy a bag of candy and a can of beer.
The stupid cashier at the front says she cant ring up alcohol cause shes underage.
Sends ne to cosmetic counter where i waited 10 minutes cause the idiot cashier there had a customer who mid transaction goes back to pick out more stuff.
Instead of canceling what she rung up and ringing up my 2 items since that customer was not ready and still shopping says to me..."oh if u cant wait go to the pharmacy to ring u up".
I take my 2 items and go to the 3rd counter they sent me to and the pharmacist says "i cant ring up alcohol".
Wtf.
Im sure next he woulda said go to the photo counter.
right?!
And still no one can ring up one can of beer.
Idiots.
They should all be fired and the mgr that hired them too.
Boycott.

After losing my insurance most pharmacies could care less about me and my discount cards.
Your Pharmacist Matt not only showed me that there still is customer service out here but that your store does still care about the person.
Kudos for having staff of that caliber

Not only are they the SLOWEST pharmacy they very seldom have the medication in stock that you will need.
Do yourself a favor and go down the road and don't even bother stopping here they're going to send you to Desert Inn location anyways.

I have tried several pharmacies in the valley before choosing this one.
The pharmacy staff is great, they are very knowledgeable, about both the prescribed drugs and over the counter drugs.
I love the fact that they text me when a prescription is ready, so I don't have to wait around when I'm sick.

The Pharmacy at this Walgreens is the worst I've ever been to.
I gave them a prescription on Saturday only to be told that they did not have the medicine in, that I would have to wait until Monday.
Monday rolls around, no call.
I called them and was told it still wasn't ready when I questioned why not I was put on hold.
The male pharmacist told me I just got it in I'll have it ready in 20 mins.
That call took place at approximately 10:30am, I arrived to pick up my prescription close to 5pm only to be told that they couldn't fill it because they couldn't read the doctors handwriting.
When the Pharmacy manager called me he apologized for the mis-communication however we would not be able to order the medicine if it wasn't in stock if we couldn't read the prescription.
I let him know that I didn't magically pull that answer out of no where and was offended that he would even imply that I did.
He wanted to know if I had a name.
I asked him how many times does his staff introduce themselves when a customer pulls up to the drive thru window, because none ever had to me.
He said they should I said they don't and that would be a good place to start.
I let him know that asking me an open ended question like what would you like for us to do is ridiculous, what can you do for me other than fill my prescription.
My account had no notation regarding the medicine not being in stock.
I let him know that the first time a pharmacists is handed a prescription they should begin to take ownership until that customer is leaving with their medicine in hand, and that they should take better care when noting their customers accounts.
The managers lax attitude left me frustrated as I told him they get their direction from him and that his customer service skills were piss poor so theirs would be also.
No care and concern at all.
I will take my business else where.

