I hesitate to say how good this place really is because I don't want to wait in line but I can't believe I've lived in Vegas this long and just discovered this place.
"The Bobby" is Thanksgiving on a roll.
Yum!

Subway should fear for it's life Capriotti's is the Don

Capriotti's has never let me down once.
I always roll in to order, and the service is fast, efficient, and very friendly.
I love the fact that they have vegetarian meats to cater the non-meat eaters like myself, and even give the option for sandwiches even bigger than a footlong (unlike that other place where Jared eats at...) for those extra-hungry days!
The vegetarian turkey is my go to sub and the sandwich alone is usually enough to satiate my hunger.
Occasionally, I hit up the Vegetarian Cheeseburger sub or the Veggie Philly Cheesesteak if I'm in the mood for meat-like goodness.
Aside from the sub, Capriotti's offers a wide array of kettle-cooked potato chips (my favorite I might add), diversely flavored potato chips, and, to my surprise, bundt cakes.
The prices are a bit spendy, in comparison to other sub shops, but well worth it because the veggie meats are expensive to begin with in the first place.
Good food, good service, and I always leave satisfied.

Hmmm Let me see if i can find one bad thing to say about Capriotti's.
Nope I cant.
I always get the cheesesteak sub and it never lets me down.
Every time im in town I hit up Cappys as we have yet to have one in Denver but they expanded to Davenport IA Go figure.
And this time they had Brownies which i had one.
It was oh so delicious.
I agree Phone in or Fax ordering would be nice.
And BEER

The Bobbie is one of the greatest meat sandwiches ever created.
You got turkey, mayo and cranberry sauce on a giant roll.
I don't think I have ever ordered anything else from there!
That's how Double Bomb the sandwich is!

Woah nelly.
Bobbie is a wanted sandwich.
Yeehaw!
Get this varmit, er sub.
It's a new thing for me, eating thanksgiving in August in sub form.
Cranberry jelly with stuffing and a few layers of turkey makes this a must have while puttin' around in Vegas.
As far as I know there are no Capriotti's in Los Angeles so I won't be able to celebrate thanksgiving any time I want.
Sad.
Staff are always cool.
It's a requirement there.
I once had another sandwich not called the Bobbie.
It was pastrami and cole slaw.

There service at times is not up to the standard set by the other Capriottis intown, but there sandwiched are the 2nd best in town, which is more then worth coming.
I'm a vegetarian, and its nice to go to a sandwich shop that not only is there a sandwich I can eat, but I have a selection.
I prefer to get the Vegan Cheese-steak with Coleslaw and Russian dressing, it takes just like a Caprastromi, and was told to me A VP of Capriottis on Twitter 2yrs ago.

Every time I'm craving a big delicious sandwich I think of the capastrami best damn sandwich they have.
It's nice cause it's right next door to me I always get the 20" if I don't eat it all I eat it later.
Great staff always nice when I come there.

Got the Capastrami and yup, it's living up to its delish reputation!
It took longer than I thought it would take to get the sandwich, though.
There was only one person ahead of me, so I figured that it would be pretty quick to make my Medium-size Capastrami.
My wait was less than 10 minutes and we are definitely coming back!

I eat Capriotti's on occasion.
It is not my favorite sandwich place.
Sorry, that kind of repeat customer business of mine goes to Port of Subs.
This Capriotti's is pretty much the only one located on my side of town (East Side).
It happens to be located in a decent shopping center though, one that is much newer than the surrounding area.
The place is SMAAAAALLLL.
Although I've noticed that with quite a few Cap's.
I think their main idea must be, get this sandwich and get outta here.
My fiance and I arrived here in the afternoon one day of the week and there were a few other customers.
He got the Bobbie and I opted for the Philly Cheese Steak and was enticed into adding peppers - NEVER AGAIN.
And never again will I order the Philly Cheese Steak!
MEH!
The steak was definitely overcooked and the peppers were way too overpowering.
I wouldn't even order it without the peppers.
I'm sticking to the Bobbie or one of their cold-cut sandwiches.
Overall I like Cap's, but it is kind of on the pricey side and on more than one visit I've been kind of disappointed (not just this location).
This location was clean though and the employees were nice guys too.
If I was rating just based off service, this would probably be a 4-star, but I have to take the fact that the sandwich really was not all that good into consideration.

Cap's is the best sub shop in town, bar none.
Fresh, fast, and friendly.
Don't forget to tip beer money, these folks deserve it.

As good as it gets!
The Capastrami is my ultimate favorite.
Super tasty and pretty much the best sandwich here in Vegas.

Best sandwiches in town.
The Bobbie and Capistrami are fantastic.
Extremely helpful and friendly customer service.

Will NOT be going back to this location.
I was a regular at Capriotti's in Wilmington and Dover back East.
This location should have their franchise ripped.
Next to NO meat on my cheesesteak.
My wife's Bobbie had almost no stuffing and waaaaay too much cranberry sauce.
The portion size and taste in comparison to original locations is a joke.
Save your money, go get a burger if you're in Vegas, sub shops out here just don't compare.
Their subs look NOTHING like the pictures.

Never Ever Disappointed here!

I loved this place.
The fact that this place is so near my house is a major plus.
I was on my way to get my iphone 5 next door at the at & t store where I stumbled upon this shop.
My friend were all raving about this franchise and I thought I give it a shot.
WOW WOW WOW.
Absolutely amazing capastrami.
Finished a foot long by myself and absolutely enjoyed coming here.
Brought 2 friends from out of town and they were blown out of their head too.
Absolutely bomb diggity!

My husband loves a good sandwich, so it was fate that brought us here.
The sandwiches are loaded and huge!
You definitely get what you pay for.
However, the bread on my sandwich started to soak up the juices pretty quickly, so it became soggy.
Next time we go back,  I'm dining in so that won't happen again.

small space, good service, ok sandwich..turkey was a little dry for my taste and no dijon mustard ...I prefer Togos.

The two times I've been to this location, the service has been really friendly.
Both times the cashiers were really helpful and patient when I took awhile to decide what to get.
Capistrami: I really liked this sandwich.
They put a lot of sauce and cole slaw though.
It actually tasted better after I put it into the fridge for awhile.
Probably because the sauce got a little thicker from being cold and it was a little less messy.
Slaw be Jo: I didn't like this sandwich at all.
I was very disappointed.
I usually like roast beef sandwiches, but this one was really salty.
My fridge trick didn't even work on it.

They aré ok. Service is not fantástic.
Staff isn't  attentive at all.
A bit over priced.
Just go when my friend pays, so it's not my money that is wasted.
Bah place

Very small place, but Huge on taste.
I just get take out.
The sandwiches are huge, I always share half.
They are loaded with goodies.
The staff is fun, they sure know how to make sandwiches!!

Best sandwich in town trust.
It's an east coast thing.
All ingredients used are fresh!

