I've been with this State Farm for a while now, and I've been helped by Jodi and Christina so far, and they've been wonderful and go out of their way to make sure your happy with the service you get, all their staff is friendly and awesome.
And their rates are always better than everyone else I've gotten a quote from.
If you need insurance this office is the place to get it!

I've been insured by State Farm for over 6 years and when I moved to Vegas I found Jen Sias's office and they were SO helpful, especially when I was moving from a different state.
Their staff has been extremely helpful and responsive and go out of their way to help me with any questions I have.
I refer all of my friends and family to them now and they have all been satisfied with the service this office has provided.

Recently moved my insurance business to this State Farm Agency having been with State Farm over 25 years.
Jodi & Jen were both pleasant and professional and made my experience with this agency amazing.
I know my house and 3 cars are well taken care of.
Thank you!

Just recently moved to Las Vegas from Cali.
This place was right by my house so I went in to office to get a quote.
It was a Saturday and I was happy they were open!!!
I got to meet with the agent Jen and she was super friendly and down to earth.
I highly recommend this office if you want a friendly staff and great deal!

After being with Nationwide for 3 years, their rates just got too high.
Almost $300 a month for 2 drivers and 2 cars, with perfect driving records.
I called around and when I called this office, I spoke with Ashley.
They do bundle policies and she didn't give me the cheapest quote, but she was extremely helpful and knowledgeable.
I told her I was still calling around for quotes so I'd let her know.
In the mean time while calling other companies, she called me back with an even lower rate, saving me $100 dollars a month over my current policy.
So we decided to go with them.
We went in to fill out our paperwork.
Ashley was so friendly and it didn't take us long at all to get everything done.
We ended up with renters insurance, 2 life insurance policies and full coverage auto insurance for $100 less per month.
I would recommend this office to anyone needing any insurance coverage.
They work hard to get you a good rate & exactly the coverage you need.
Thanks Ashley!
You're awesome!

