Not quite the Nathan's I grew up with in New York.
Disappointing.

Yeah nothing really special here.
Grabbed a hotdog cuz I was starving and wasn't quite ready for dinner yet but was for sure ready for beer lol.
Just another hotdog imo, nothing really stood out as special or delicious.
I was hoping for more but just didn't deliver.

OVERPRICED.
I paid $11 for a tiny hot dog and chili cheese fries in a medium plate.
The hot dog was indeed tasteful and their fries were delicious but definately not work $11

Very fitting to have a Nathan's inside NYNY and this location is convenient because it's located next to the arcade on the 2nd floor.
I had a craving today because my family stayed at NYNY last week and I kept walking by when going to the parking garage.
Service is fast here and food comes out faster than I had expected.
I had a hot dog, crinkle cut fries and a slice of pepperoni pizza.
Everything came out hot and tasty and the price was reasonable for being inside a Las Vegas strip casino, although it would probably be considered a little pricey for a hot dog still.
I would come here again if at NYNY.
I've been to other Nathan's locations in Vegas that were even more overpriced, so this seemed like a pretty good location.
If you get hungry after playing at the arcade or riding the roller coaster, I would recommend coming here to grab a bite to eat.

Decent for a quick meal.
A little pricy... i mean almost $4 for 16oz bottle of water?!
But I digress.. Philly cheese steak was good.
Tenders were fresh but a little too much batter.
Some fries were soggy, I like mine extra crisp.
Anyway for those 2 meals, onion rings, large soda and bottle of water it was $40!

Aside the prices the cheesesteak was awesome just needed a pinch of salt & pepper.
Also it's  the only place in the NYNY to get free softdrink refiles!
And last but not least the fries were amazing :)

Can't beat a Nathan's hot dog.
:-)  paid about $10.00 for a combo.
Very good and split between two.

I absolutely love Nathan's Hot Dogs.
I was excited when the friendly girl behind the counter told me they were giving out coupons for 50% of my order.
That was extremely nice of her and she told me she like to help people save some money.
I'm all about saving money.
The fries were a little soggy but my dog was good.
I'm giving 3 stars for the food 5 stars for the service.

Good hot dogs.
A little pricey but it is Nathan's and I am fine paying for quality.
Had it with ketchup, mustard and grilled onions.
Also, the crinkle fries are also good.
I look forward to trying a cheesesteak of theirs.

