The food is what you expect if you've ever been to Panda Express but I have to say, boy are these people busy!
It was a Thursday afternoon and the line was practically out the door.
The guys cooking keep the food coming.
There were 2 hispanic girls working the line and taking turns on the register, they did not miss a beat.
You were welcomed when you walked in, they made eye contact as you ordered and once you paid for your food it was, thank you very much.
That's more than you get in most places.
The bathrooms are super clean!

This was my first experience with Panda Express and I was pleasantly surprised.
Even though they were pretty busy the place was very clean and the atmosphere was quiet and relaxed - much more enjoyable than your typical fast food experience.
The staff working the line were very polite, friendly, and efficient!
I also like the 'plate' concept they use - pick a side, then pick 2 or 3 entrees.
(When I go to an authentic Chinese restaurant I can never decide on just one thing to order!
)  The Orange Chicken and Beijing Beef were delicious, although the Fried Rice disappointed me - the rice was undercooked and was pretty much flavorless overall.
We loved their hot chili sauce - it had a great flavor and was actually spicy enough to satisfy us!
;)  Keep in mind this is still fast food- so if you're looking for a place with authentic cuisine I'd try somewhere else.
Great in a pinch though - we'll definitely be coming back!

This is my first time at this particular location and I have to say all in all very satisfied.
Service was good.
Food was very fresh and very tasteful.
There was some trash on the floor between the bathroom and condiment station and by the front door but all in all pretty clean place.
I would recommend to all my friends and family.

Where else do you turn to for super Americanized Chinese food!?
It's really what you expect for this restaurant.
There is a certain taste, a tang, for every single dish that is served here.
The food is consistent, but just okay.
Not good, not great!
Plus, the chow mien is super greasy every time!
But all dishes just fill you up really.
It's fast food--it made me not want to eat for a day!!
If you're trying to eat healthfully, don't stoop to Panda Express!
Go next door to subway, because PE is just too greasy to be healthy :P   This location is not that busy.
There are no super long lines, and the place is clean because not a huge number of people visit!
Also, the staff is welcoming and friendly.
Sometimes they get sidetracked, but it's not too long of a wait time.
Have fun eating at Panda!
If you're down for a cheap, filling meal, then this is it!

I've been to this location 1/2 dozen times and the food has always been Luke warm .
I think today was my last time at this location.

