Overall, I like this AT&T store.
I first time I came in, they helped me adjust my phone budget when another AT&T so rudely and unhelpfully told me nothing could be done.
The second time I came in, they took the time and helped me research a semi-obscure discount one of my unions allowed, but help me they did, and my phone bill is even cheaper.
This last time, I had to upgrade my phone.
My overall experience was decent, but there were a few things I didn't care for which go into "pet peeve" territory.
When you enter, they now have a kiosk where someone immediately ambushes you before the door even closes on how can they help you today.
Look.
I'm a man.
I need my "me" time.
I want to explore my options, but I will find someone when I'm ready.
I felt like I was being judged to see how worthy I was for what level of help.
I tell the guy I just want to upgrade my phone.
Nothing top of the line.
Something quick, easy, and affordable.
So what does he do?
He tries to upsell me the most top of the line, expensive phone.
No.
Middle range.
So the phone issue is resolved quickly, and I start looking at cases.
"Pretty nice case, isn't it", he asks as he shoves an admittedly nice case in my face, to which I agree, yes, it's nice.
"Yeah, we're definitely picking this one up", he says.
"And it's a bargain at only $50.
"  I stopped him right there.
"WE aren't buying anything like that.
_I_ am going to find a better case online.
"  Don't speak for me.
Don't assume to make my purchases for me.
How is this suggestive selling?
But he was quick and helpful for the rest of the transaction, and was told AT&T will text some satisfaction survey to me.
The first question appeared around 5:30 P.M. - I gave the guy a decent review.
The second question?
It texted me at 2:06 this morning, knocking me out of REM sleep.
The main AT&T customer service got an earful from me this morning.
They need a cut-off time for their servers, so this survey issue wasn't the store's fault at all.
I still like this store.
They're still helpful, and have done some good things by me, but they need to tone it back a few notches on the suggestive selling thing.
This is new, so I hope it goes away as recently as it was introduced.
Settle down.
I'll come back.
I already have.
We're good.

This is a really friendly, efficient and helpful AT&T corporate location.
They have payment kiosks if you just want to swing by and pay your bill or add minutes (if you are a Go user).
The second time I visited the store, about a month after my first visit the staff REMEMBERED ME!!!
How often does that happen in this day and age?
I've never had to wait to be helped here and all the staff are extremely well informed about their products, services, and the latest technologies.
On my most recent visit two of the staff were excited about their upcoming full day of training on the latest Samsung Note phone.
Yep - staff getting a full day of training on a new phone model.
That's simply extraordinary, both on the part of AT&T in their commitment to their staff and the genuine interest those same staff have in their products.
These are not folks working for a basic wage because they couldn't get a "better job" - they really are into their technology.
I've twice received exceptional service from Korey.
When getting my latest upgrade he offered me the obligatory "insurance" on my new phone.
When I pointed out that the latest and greatest Android phones are invariably quickly reduced in price and so I didn't consider it to be worth it, another employee (who was still very friendly and helpful and not at all high pressure) did try to persuade me to the advantages of the plan.
Korey turned to her and said "You know, I kinda see his point.
"  Done!
AT&T has excellent service, and this location is superb.
If he's in, ask for Korey and he's sure to give you great help.

Kameron was friendly, helpful and efficient.
Much better AT&T store than the location at Rampart andCharleston.
Kameron helped us upgrade our phones and did it without making us wait around.

Although I've had great experience with many of the reps here, the last time we went in was because my daughter cracked her iphone glass.
The rep told her to go to "iphone doctor" on Charleston.
I don't know if he got some sort of kickback from them, but I don't think they should push third party repair places, knowing it will void Apple's warrantee.
Iphone doctor screwed up my daughter's phone, so now we're screwed.
I'm not blaming AT&T for ruining her phone (that would be a one-star), but I don't think they should be pushing people away from Apple repairs.
BTW, iphone doctor said it's not their fault even though two other techs have looked at it and said they damaged the mother board.

