This refers to the automotive oil, lube, and tune department.
STOP!!!!
Don't go there!!!!!
EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Here's why: In a brain fart and distracted moment I told my wife, Sure, go to Wally world for a lube job on the Jeep.
It's the closest to us.
So when we discover the brakes aren't working properly we take the vehicle to a brake shop and to our horror, discover that they had over lubed so badly that the excess had gooped up and spilled out into the brakes, rendering them less than efficient.
Needless to say, I had some words with the store manager, whom to her credit refunded the money I had spent and apologized profusely.
Even though I requested but never got a call from the automotive manager or their corporate office.
And now I find out there are loose bolts rattling around by my oil pan.
Geez, the last place to have done any work there is, you guessed it, WalMart automotive grease monkey department.
Am I happy, HELL NO!
Can I prove the did the damage?
Probably not.
But I can warn you to never go there and perhaps save someone from their horrible poor quality service.

This store is VERY dirty, wayyyy too busy, only 3 lanes open on a Monday afternoon with about 15 people in each line.
Even the Target Greatland across the freeway had more lanes open with 5, and they arent even a SuperTarget with grocery like this hell-hole is!You can't park because EVERYONE just walks right in front of you and the stupid employees decide right in front of the main entrance door is where they want to bitch about people that shop and spend their money to support their job.
I don't think I'm ever going to Hell-Mart again, I'll save my self trouble AND money by purchasing my groceries at Target and Fresh & Easy.

This Walmart is horrible in terms of checking out.
The lines are always gigantic and the people ringing you up are super slow.
Ended up behind a customer with a ton of produce and the cashier looked absolutely clueless.
I piled my things into the cart and headed to another line where, even with waiting behind someone, still made it out ahead of the people in the original lane.
This one gets depleted with its inventory really fast too...always bare shelves.
It's the one closest to where I live and I ended paying more for it in the long run with the loss of sanity going there.

If I have to go to Wal-Mart then it's this one!
In my opinion this is by far the cleanest Wal-Mart in town,(Btw, I haven't tried Summerlin).
I don't live close to this one, but I would prefer to drive.
I'm not big on the meat or the produce, but, everyday foods, cleaning supplies,ect.
Sometimes you can't even get it cheaper at a Garage Sale.
For my own sanity, I have mastered the self check-out!!!
As we all know the lines are not exactly speedy:).
But,  if you need ciggs then you have to go to the express lane, ugh!!!
Also,  the vision center is the cheapest in town!!
You can get a decent looking pair of glasses for 39 bucks!!
That works even if your just going to get a back-up pair.
If you do the price matching, which I don't, but to save a lot of hassle just remember that they ad match now, not price match( so have the ad in hand).
I really love this yelp ap and I'm so happy with it, but when I checked in it said I was a regular here, it was a moment when I was like, "what happened to my life"?!!!!
Lol!!!

This place is the one Walmart that I see sad employees, the lines get out of hand and the reg never smile or speak to you, and trying to get help finding something no one will ever help you they tell you to hold on while they ask someone and then never come back well this place isn't on my list anymore.

