I found polish heaven!
They have a great selection of China Glaze & Jessica polishes (for $3!
) & really nice staff.
My only complain is that there is NO organization here, but I guess that's pretty normal for a beauty supply place.
Closed on Saturday :(

Very unorganized and messy.
I came in here looking for some quality nail polish and brushes but ended up walking out with nothing.
Cheap products and small variety for such a huge store.
I'd recommend going across the street to the other nail supply store.

Very honest seller!!!
I've been to Hollywood across the street many times and walked away with different prices for the same item every time.
The owner here is sooo much nicer and more professional than Hollywood.

So  far best place in vegas very honest and helpful by far better then hollywood nails.
Only thing just double check receipt (honest mistake)

They have everything u need for your nails!.
Very helpful, price reasonable & one stop shop!.....
I totally recommend shopping here.

Great place for nail art and general nail supplies.
The prices are right and they carry a nice selection of 3D nail art.
The glitters are my favorite and you get a lot more for your money there than at more well know nail supply companies.

My new nail supply store, I love this place !
very friendly, helpful and great prices.
Great place and the woman that works here is soooo nice and funny she had me and my husband laughing our butt off !
So do yourself a favor and check this place out and don't go to the nightmare across the street ( hollywood nail supply ).

I decided that since I have my cosmetology license I should start using it again and one good start would be doing my own nails and for friends and family.
I heard this is a great nail supply so I drove over from Henderson months ago to get some supplies.
Now let me say, nails were never my speciality, hair was, but I'm ready to learn again,  so I go, ask the guys working there questions, and they are nothing but super helpful!
Should I get this?
What about this?
I mean very helpful!
I'm so impressed!
Then the really nice guy rings me up.......and gives me the total and I say "what!?!?
" "Are you sure?
It's such a great price!
" It's for real!
I love this place!
I came back again and again for a few more colors over the next few weeks and today I met Tee, and I just loved Tee, I brought my Mom and my Mom loved Tee, she was awesome!
She is so helpful, and so nice, ready for tips, ready to give advice, and this is so rare these days to get such awesome customer service, and here is the best part, they were not even open today, we just walked in!
Tee said we are closed but she would still be happy to help us!
Xoxoxo

Hours 9:30 to 6:00 everyday closed sat.....now has OPI gel and polish

Wide variety of selections.
I bought a very nice sculpting brush.
They are very affordable.
The staff didnt even greet me when i entered which is pretty bad for business.
But when i checked out the male owner was pretty friendly.

