Its rare to find exemplary service that not located on the strip, even more so to find people who would go beyond to just helping you but also serving you.
My life-line (my phone) to the world recently was having problems due to an upgrade and I figured it was no big deal if I just took it to my local sprint store, where they would be able to troubleshoot.
An hour later in the store & I'm wondering what could possibly go wrong with a brand new phone, right?
It would appear that my unit had a defect.
They had been on the phone with sprint tech support, trying every possible way to get my phone to work.
At this point I had just come home from work, exhausted & figured I'd call it a day.
But the next I just got this nagging feeling that I should try to take it there once again.
So day 2, I see all the staff from the previous staff & I could tell that they weren't all happy to see me again onsidering I had them spend an entire hour the prev night.
BUT!
That aside I was greeted with the utmost courtesy & promptness, that they quickly shot to the techs & within seconds of arriving my phone was being cared for.
20 minutes later lo & behold, they presented a solution that worked!
They had breathe new life to my new phone!
They confirmed there was no defect, just an error that was really hard to detect.
Prior to this I've possibly nagged every sprint agent, online, on the phone & this one particular sprint to find a way to get my phone to work!
All I can say is that I was well informed of every approach & situation they had taken, instead of brushing me off with a generic line, that's a big deal for me.
I could see their worn out faces after working on my phone tirelessly & incurred no costs!

It is unfortunate that I came to the conclusion that, after an intensive search still, I haven't found one decent sprint store in the East area of Las Vegas.
No one that wasn't disappointing.
Yes I've been greeted properly every time I walk in however, I was lured to order rush delivery and other BS without my consent.
The first time at this particular store on LV blvd South and Warm Springs I caught the transactions because I paid up front.
The second upgrade made I couldn't detect the charges cause it was added to my monthly bill.
Can someone tell me the reason why agents want to push rush delivery on us?
It is $12.00 extra and shouldn't make a difference.
What pisses me off is that I was robbed of it, never agreed to it and was charged.
I have spent numerous time with Sprint costumer service that couldn't help me because that's no proof that I denied rush delivery.
Shame on Sprint, I should of got out when I had the chance but for now I'm tied to them for the next 21 months.
Be aware.

About 4-5 months ago I was in need of a new carrier because my contract with AT&T was about to end in a free days so I was on the hunt.
I heard from my co workers at sprint it's $80 for unlimited everything PLUS a 20% discount for working at Planet Hollywood.
I walked into this store and was helped by Angelo.
He was awesome during my visit.
One thing that confused me was I needed to order a new IPhone since mine was with AT&T.
Whatever, it was free.
Te only problem was the delivery since my phone was gonna be shut off soon.
Turned out he type in my address wrong and I got the phone late and was phone less for two days.
He apologized alot so it wasn't a biggie.
Here's the problem though: I needed to bring in a copy of my pay stub for proof of working at planet Hollywood and when I went in this guy Narsi (or close to that) was such a jerk!
He was rude, barely spoke to me, but talked up a storm to his associates and laughed so loudly.
He took a photo of my pay stub and told me it'll take a month or two.
Narsi, it's been four to five months now and nothing!
It doesn't make me feel good that you have a picture of my personal information.
Don't get helped by this guy.

This sprint store has the worst customer service in the world worst than fuckin walmart..I was trying to return a $10 item got to the store no one shot about there job because only manager CAN do a return...WTF?..having to drive 15 miles to this store..dont go here there a rip off too..this store sucks ..if I can give negative 100 stars I would ..I wish this place burn to hell...

