This one is located in the Town Square.
It's easy to say that the place appeared to be a lot cleaner than the other Bath & Body but it's probably by default since it's the newest one located in Vegas.
They offer the same selection as any other Bath & Body but they have exceptionally good service.
All the employees greeted us and asked us if we needed help.
It's standard fare to be sure, but we never got greeted at the two other Bath & Body stores we visited.

It feels odd to write about such a large chain, but a recent trip sparked such adoration from me that I felt compelled to write a review.
Before I left for school in Seattle, I needed to buy my roommate's mother scented candles as a gift.
Being close to my work and other errands, my brother and I decided to stop by.
This location, hands down, has the best customer service for a B&B Works in the Valley.
Indecision and scented candles do not mix.
But one of the associates was so patient and willing to help us out, even at times when they were out of stock or when she didn't know all the answers.
I left more than satisfied with the gift as well as the cordiality of this Bath and Body Works.

Very typical Bath & Body Works.
They have lots of staff ready to help with any questions and their shelves are stocked well and are very organized and clean.
I can't really say this one stood out beyond the typical Bath & Body Works, but it's conveniently located at Town Square, which is why I frequent this location.

Sign up for their emails, you'll find out when they have sales, and they'll send you coupons.
I don't usually shop here, but I was at a family members house and she had their aromatherapy handsoaps which I fell in love with.
So I had to go get some.
You'll be overwhelmed with odors when you're here, so if you have allergies or are sensitive to smell...BEWARE!
I stopped using their body lotions and washes, I think I was allergic, but their hand soaps and hand sanitizers seem to be alright.

My favorite place to get my BBW.
Customer service here is great,they are very perky and attentive here.
love it!

Boo...
They turned the music off at 8:50 and I really needed candles.
Was prepared to buy $100 worth.
I guess I'll go elsewhere.

