The was my first visit to Absolute Dental.
While the staff was very polite and friendly, these people need to study time management.
I went there for a simple routine checkup and cleaning.
This normally takes around an hour.
I was there around two hours and fifteen minutes, mostly just waiting.
My appointment was for 10 am, but didn't get in the chair til after 10:30.
After the dentist examined my teeth, I was sent back to the waiting room to wait for my cleaning.
While I am far from being the most important person in the world, I do value my time.
I will probably find a new dentist to go to six months from now.

I went here because it was convenient .
The called me in to a room and I didn't leave til 5:30!
He did a hour of work on me at max .
The rest of the time I was just sitting .
And to top it off I went for a cleaning and the next and last time will be my third visit and hopefully I get what I originally came for .
Smh its like they double book then try to get people out by who's dental work is the easiest.
I wont be back.

This is literally the worst dental experience I have ever ever had.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
First visit: routine exam xrays and cleaning.
Took 1.5 hours to even seat me.
30 minutes after that a girl comes in to do some xrays, has absolutely no idea what the hell she is doing, she kept jamming the little pieces in my mouth and putting them in wrong so it kept falling out.
Then she took the xray machine and kept hitting the piece with it so it kept stabbing me.
After she failed at two of them, she realized she didn't know how and tried to do my panoramic.
She couldn't get the machine to work and just walked away.
About ten minutes later someone else came to me and fixed it.
Then someone took me back to my room.
They had someone else come in and do all of my xrays.
After 2.5 hours all I had done was xrays.
I couldn't wait anymore OTHER PEOPLE WORK TOO!
They told me I needed two fillings and a cleaning but I coudn't wait I had to go to work.
This office isn't open saturday, sunday, or monday and they don't open until 9am.
They definitely double book and accept walk in's.
I had to come in for a second visit because they wasted so much time.
SAME THING HAPPENED.
I was there for 2.5 hours to get two fillings and a cleaning (which was the worst cleaning i've ever had).
Then after the filling the next day I was having annoying pain from my tooth.
I scheduled an appointment to get in and a girl sat me down after an hour and looked over my xrays.
She told me she saw something in my xray that wasn't fixed but she wasn't allowed to say anything because she isn't my doctor.
She did another xray and told the doctor.
45 minutes later I had to ask someone to get the doctor for me I HAD TO LEAVE.
He came in and said there was a filling that broke off and needed to be fixed (HE DIDN'T SEE THIS WHEN HE DID MY XRAY?
)   I couldn't stay this was an emergency appointment and I had another appointment to go to.
I HAD TO COME IN AGAIN!
They said they didn't have an appointment for the morning, I told them I had to come in the morning this was my fourth time coming in this is ridiculous so she said "fine see you at 9 then".
PS: my tooth still hurts  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR YOUR MONEY HERE

