This place brings me back to when I was a kid and my parents brought me to get ice cream!
The people are friendly and the ice cream is great!
A great place to grab a treat fro yourself or your family :)

Fast friendly service and great ice cream.
Deducted one star for price though, 2 cups of ice cream without toppings was $4 and change.

went in real quick before my appointment next door.
the girl worker greeted me with a smile and even helped me figure out what i wanted.
she recommended the low fat cappucino blast.
it was fast and yummy.. i love going to baskin robbins because they all have that cinnamon-y smell when you walk in, along with that ice cream scent that lingers in any BR store..

I love the opportunity to have soft serve or scoop ice cream.
The 31 degrees blast with butterfinger was awesome.
Lots of butterfinger and the soft serve ice cream has a delicious vanilla flavor.
The caramel sauce on the sundae is great and they put almonds on it instead of peanuts.
The workers are very friendly and happy to give small pink spoon samples.
The only downside is the cost.
The price can be expensive.

Great ice cream, but pricey.
Won't go without a coupon...but they have lots out there.
I had the snickers and my kids like the wild and reckless sorbet.

Baskin Robbins is awesome.
There is a wide verity of ice cream to choose from plus you can turn any ice cream into a Sundae.
My preference is chocolate chip cookie dough winning.

We love this place!
We always receive great service.
It's usually a bit busy, but the employees are always happy and helpful.
I also love the indoor and outdoor seating options.
They recently added a really cute kids bench with umbrella.
Not only do they have a great selection of flavors and options, they also have tons of ready made treats like ice cream cakes, desserts, and pre-packed quarts.
A+ in our book!

Ice cream is great and so are their employees but there are typically only 2 people working and the wait gets long, especially when whole families come in.
I also think it's a little on the pricey side for ice cream

Jamoca Almond Fudge!
Its hard to find but they have it here...so good!

We came here at 8:50 and the doors were locked!
We could see the girls counting out at the end of the night, BUT, it closes at 9:00!
I'm not an ice-cream person, but decided I wanted a Sunday.
We passed on dessert at the restaurant we just came from and decided we wanted ice-cream.
We Yelped the closest ice-cream places, as we are not from LV and found this one.
They ended up opening the doors for us,  think they thought we would have gone away, but when I'm in the mood for something, I don't give up and they had another 10 minutes before their actual closing time!!!
Anyway, I'm giving them 2 stars and that is only for reopening.
You can't go wrong with Baskin Robbins, but you can for service.

Great place!
This store is well taken care of and the staff is more than gregarious.
The set up allows for indoor and outdoor seating to enjoy all the flavors BR is know for.
I'd suggest having an extra attendant during peak hours to allow a faster flow of customers, but other than that, this place is phenomenal!

This is a pretty darn good Baskin-Robbins:) They seem to do a ton of business at this location, which is fortuitously located right across from both Centennial Hills library and the YMCA.
(AKA NW kids central) I've never seen more than two employees working at one time, but on hot evenings (which are frequent around these parts!
) the line of customers sometimes reaches almost back to the door.
If anyone at Baskin-Robbins corporate offices were beating down my door for advice, I would recommend scheduling three employees for the busier times of day and the weekends.
Maybe one employee at peak hours could strictly man the cash register while the other two handle the samples and scooping.
I notice that the putting on and taking off of gloves over and over tends to hold up the line even further.
But while we're on the topic of the line, enormous kudos to the people who work here for tirelessly handing out sample after sample with a smile to little kids (and maybe big kids, too) and never losing their outgoing and friendly demeanors.
This is just generally a very friendly and nice to place to get some delectable ice cream-y goodness.

Staff was rude,prices were to high, wondered why nobody was there... Well go to golden spoon or DQ

Talk about disappointment.
Went there yesterday afternoon for the first time in ages.
Son and I both ordered milkshakes.
The soda jerk made them to spec (watched her weight the ice cream and measure the milk.
Turned out to be very high calorie chocolate milk - I mean this was the thinnest milkshake I have had in my entire life, and at 60+ I've had more than a few.
Next time will go to DQ or Sonic.

