I can't believe no one has written a review on Pet'ograpghique!
Oh my gosh, the photographer, Arica is amazing & if you think your dog can't be caught in a good photo, Arica will prove you dead wrong!
Check out her website at: petographique.com & see her amazing photos!
If you love your dog as family, this is something you gotta do & you'll enjoy it for the rest of your life!

Arica is an amazing lady with the talent of capturing your pets personalities to a tea!
She is also very active in helping out the shelters and rescues.
She is such a warm and loving person and it shines through in her work.

Hands down the BEST pet photographer in LV.
I hire Arica for personal & all my business.
She gets the shot every time, quickly & each photo is gorgeous!
Worth every penny!
I'm in the Pet Industry and have seen "other" photographers TRY to do what she does....NOT EVEN CLOSE!
Pet photography is an art...no one has the Midas touch like Arica..NO ONE!

I've been going to Petographique since they first opened for business years ago.
Not only is Arica a talented photographer.
She is always calm, cool, and collected.
Well, seems like it anyway.
I go to her at least once a year to have my portraits taken.
She offers a large variety of products to print your favorite picture to.
All are high in quality and will be something you will forever cherish.
For the past 6 years, my Holiday cards have come from Petographique.
And, every year I receive many compliments on the quality and creativity of my cards.
I look forward to sending them out every year as I know how much joy it brings to whoever is receiving it.
If you prefer to do business with good, down to earth, honest people.
Then, this is the studio to do that with.
They communicate amongst themselves with no difficulties.
And, work phenomenal together as a group.

Love Arica!
I became a fan when I was gifted with a GC around the time when they first opened.
My first photos with her were my two dogs and my last was four!
It never ceases to amaze me how even when I don't think my dogs are cooperating she is able to get amazing pictures.
I have done Christmas cards here twice and family and friends love them.
It is a little bit of a splurge but something you will never regret.
I had my Mom's Labrador's photo done with Arica and he passed last year and my Mom and I both cherish that picture.
If you follow her page on Facebook you can sometimes catch specials and promos where she doesn't necessarily shoot at the studio but at animal events throughout the year, parks, adoption events, vet's offices, etc., and the prices for these events are considerably less but the pictures are still just as amazing.

Arica is a true artist!
We go each year to do our annual family portraits and our Christmas cards.
We receive tons of compliments on the quality of the photos and the quality of the cards!
Even when our brood isn't behaving, Arica manages to end up with amazing shots that we didn't even think were possible.
On top of the incredible business acumen, she donates an unbelievable amount of time, energy, and profits to the rescue community.
Love her and her incredible staff!

Arica is an artist and could be a dog whisperer.
I took my Belgian sheepdog in for a photo shoot in the studio and at the Bark park to do agility and outdoor photos.
Arica captured his personality, elegance, athleticism and playfulness.
He loved her and the experience.
Arica is very patient and caring with the pets.
Arica and the staff were very helpful going over proofs and photo options.
I could not have asked for a better experience and the photo book is a work of art.

