Took my car in with a large bolt in the tread of the tire had it fixed and ready even though they were busy in a little over an hour and didn't charge me anything, will def.
go back if or when I need anything repaired on my car!

They are a tire shop, they always seem busy, but are usually able to get you in.
Went here when my car had a flat, sidewall damage so it was unrepairable, they got me a new tire at a fair price (other places were cheaper, but I was in a hurry and they are close to my house.
Probably won't be my go to tire guys, but they're there for any emergencies

Do not go to this garage.
I went twice.
The first time I took my car there to have the oil changed.
They tried to sell me $800 of repairs and parts which I did not need.
The second time I took it in for a battery replacement.
Again they tried to sell me unneeded repairs.
On top of that, when I picked up the car the next morning, the gas tank was empty, and my trip odometer read 53 miles.
Basically, they changed the battery and then went out joyriding in my 10 year old Mazda Protege.
These guys are criminals.

I have taken three cars here.
After being ripped off at Sun Auto, I came to this place like a damsel in distress.
They are always very helpful and try get me out as fast as possible.
I didn't have anyone to pick me up, and they offered to take me home.

Thus is the second time I've been to this place and honestly I'm sooooo impressed.
These guys have saved my car and not at an exuberant price either.
The staff is extremely friendly and even as a female didn't try and get over on me.
My car runs super smooth- it was not horribly expensive but honestly it was so worth it.
Thanks guys you totally saved my car

I took my car here because I purchased a coupon for 4 oil changes at $25 or something like that.
Its been awhile.
Must be my pregnancy brain.
So when that ran out I decided to take my car to the dealership and they said that they couldnt replace my oil because the screw might be stripped and that they would have to change my oil pan and screw if that was the case.
They recommended that I go back to the place that I get my oil change.
When I contacted the shop, one of the guys told me that my car was old and that it has a lot of miles and kinda implied that its not their fault and that basically my car is old.
What a douche bag!
I wish I wouldve got his name.
He told me to take it in after I talked to him and had to repeat myself a few times to let him know that they were the only ones that touched my car to do my oil change for the past year.
He finally said that he wanted to bring my car in so that they can check and at this point I was pissed and decided to take my car somewhere else.
This place sucks and I dont recommend going to this shop in particular.
Also know that they will always try to up sale.
I guess they do it everywhere but heads up!

Guys here made an exception for me before they closed.
They made it sound like they knew what they were doing.
Said my AC was legit.
Found out they are like EVERY OTHER CROOKED SHOP.
JUst want your money and you get one thing.....Nothing

Lowdown:  Better than expected price on my tires.
Fixed my flat free and fast.
Great guys who always shoot me straight.
I just wanted to take a minute and say what a good experience I have had with Tire Works.
I have interacted with Casey several times over the past few years starting back at your Southern Highlands store and he has always been professional, fair and courteous.
I always feel well informed and treated fairly when dealing with him or Jeff.
He and Jeff went above and beyond with their customer service the last few times I have been in and I wanted to acknowledge their fantastic job.
I will also be posting on Google and Yelp so others know what a fair, knowledgeable, and well run store you have on Jones and the 215.

Took my car here because my window wouldn't work.
After negotiating back and forth they fixed it for a decent price.
When I got my car my electrical locks didn't work and neither did my manual locks.
Brought it back and the guy said, "are u sure your manual lock is supposed to lock?
".....seriously dude.
They ended up fixing the problem but don't bullshit your customer.

Do NOT go here!!
Beware!!!
I decided to have my car towed there in distress after my front brakes locked on me while I was driving.
I had no choice being that it was almost the weekend & the closest repair shop to my house.
It was late afternoon (couple hours before they closed) & I talked to the guy, who was really nice & assured me he'll check what up with my car.
I know a little about cars but was really nervous knowing how mechanic shops work with girls knowing they'd try to rip me off but he seemed to ease that worry.
I had to leave my car overnight & the very first thing I did in the morning I called in to check on my car since I hadn't heard from anyone the night before.
He told me he had really bad news that I needed to flush my brake fluid, replace ALL 4 rotors, break pads, hose, calipers &master cylinder!!!
A $2,100 repair job?!??!
Freaked out I called a mechanically inclined friend of mine told him the deal & he was even surprised & told me that couldn't be true & suggested I got a second opinion.
I thought why not & another friend recommended I take it to Master Transmission Automotive (Allllll the way in boulder city).
Since he was certain I have them take a look at it I towed my car all the way across the city.
The following Monday I got a call from Master saying all I needed was a brake fluid flush & that cost me only $120!!!
The moral of this review is that Tirewors will try to rip you off especially if you're a girl!!!
It's been a few months now & my car runs great, not having to replace all that crap tireworks told me I needed.
What a place of BS!

Casey has earned my business for life.
After another garage spent six days unsuccessfully determining the problem with my vehicle I had it towed here.
Casey and his staff determined the problem in just a few hours plus had a quote and timeframe ready so I could make the repair decision immediately.
If you need work done on your vehicle, take it here you won't be dissappointed.

Had a nail in my tire and they got me in and out in less than 30 mins.
Great customer service

Casey and the rest of the staff at this location are awesome!
They never hesitate to help out and they have never steered us wrong.
And in some emergency situations they have gone above and beyond to help us out.
I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for service, tires or an oil change.
I will always frequent this location even when it's no longer close by!
Thanks guys!

Do NOT go here!!
Beware!!!
I decided to have my car towed there in distress after my front brakes locked on me while I was driving.
I had no choice being that it was almost the weekend & the closest repair shop to my house.
It was late afternoon (couple hours before they closed) & I talked to the guy, who was really nice & assured me he'll check what's up with my car.
I know a little about cars but was really nervous knowing how mechanic shops work with girls, knowing they'd try to rip me off but he seemed to ease that worry.
I had to leave my car overnight & the very first thing I did in the morning I called in to check on my car since I hadn't heard from anyone the night before.
He told me he had really bad news that I needed to flush my brake fluid, replace ALL 4 rotors, break pads, hose, calipers &master cylinder!!!
A $2,100 repair job?!??!
Freaked out I called a mechanically inclined friend of mine told him the deal & he was even surprised & told me that couldn't be true & suggested I got a second opinion.
I thought why not & another friend recommended I take it to Master Transmission Automotive (Allllll the way in boulder city).
Since he was certain I had them take a look at it I towed my car all the way across the city.
The following Monday I got a call from Master saying all I needed was a brake fluid flush & that cost me only $120!!!
The moral of this review is that Tireworks will try to rip you off especially if you're a girl!!!
It's been a few months now & my car runs great, not having to replace all that crap tireworks told me I needed.
What a place of BS!

I had called Meineke to change out two studs that broke off my wheel but i didnt want to drive all the way to Henderson.
I just thought it wouldnt be safe, so I decided to pull into Tire Works thats a few miles away from my house.
I spoke to a gentleman at the counter and explain to him my situation, he told me it shouldnt be a problem and would have it fixed and ready in about 2 hrs.
I found it odd that it would take 2 hrs to pop out 2 studs and replace them.
The gentleman at Meineke told me if would be about an hr, and would come out to about $95 for labor.
I asked the gentleman at Tire Works how much it would be for the labor for 2 hrs , he stated $105 per hr.
I asked him why would it take that long, he stated it would take about an hr per stud.
I mentioned that Meineke could do it in an hr, he said i dont know what other companies do, but here we do it right.
I smelt bullshit and quickly hopped in my car and drove down to Henderson.
This place is a rip off.
I dont recommend this place at all.

Excellent & friendly service!
I highly recommend this place.
Came in today & in the past--always top notch service.

Very knowledge and helpful staff!!
I don't know a lot about tires.
Oscar answered all my questions, and made me feel secure about the tires we choose also gave me a great deal!!
For sure the place to go!Sm

I gave tire works a call today in regards to getting my brake fluid flushed and an oil change.
They sounded polite on the phone and made my way down there.
The staff knows what they are talking about.
They seem to be very sharp and noticed a couple of minor issues i was not aware of.
They didnt up sell anything.
I even said if i need wiper blades ill get them.
They were honest and didnt change them.
my car is modified and i have issues trusting people but i will be back!
Brakes feel awesome.
Oil change was needed.
And the price wasnt bad at all.
Thanks guys!
Romano

Had my radiator replaced there a few months ago.
It almost seemed like they did it a little too fast, also the manager [overweight gentleman with a lisp don't remember his name] didn't seem to know what to charge me so I'm assuming I was overcharged.
About 2 months goes by my car overheats on the freeway so I take it to a new mechanic and they informed me that when I had my radiator replaced they forgot to "burp it" at the end which is "mechanics 101".
I'm just glad no one was hurt when my car overheated I wouldn't recommend tire jerks to my worst enemy.

All I have to say is that this place charged me 1500 for brakes and shocks... What a joke and I was their fool that fell for it.

I've been getting my oil changed at this location for the past three years.
The staff has always been prompt, courteous, and quick to resolve any company policy issue that I may have.

