Simply the WORST Customer Service in billing and new accounts EVER!
After 7 documented communications with ADT Support Team and my sales rep my billing issues continue to be as screwed up as possible.
Big mistake signing on with ADT, never again!

ADT has got to be the absolute worst alarm service in the country.
When you call them for service a slick well-dressed salesman comes to see you.
But if you need to talk to customer service, they all seem to be ignorant and inarticulate, and curt to downright rude to boot.
Try to cancel your service and you will experience a nightmare of "what the contract states" without regard to customer experience.
Just check Yelp for more cities and ADT and you are likely to find an overall 1 star rating.
Truth be known, if there was a way to give negative (minus) stars I am confident that most of their victims would rate them on a scale of 1-10 as a -10.
They ticked me off so much that I was going to register a domain "ADT Sucks dotcom" but they already have the domain registered themselves...
I wonder why?

Can I give zero stars?
Will never sign with ADT again- can not wait until contract is up- They lie on the phone to set up service- confusion over appointments- mess left by technician- terrible terrible company.
I don't have one single good thing to say about ADT-- Just beware if you are considering ADT.

This company LIES - LIES - and MORE LIES.
Spent 1 hour on the phone with Greg at ADT 800-689-9554 and finally they ADT decided I did not need to spend the extra $$$'s for armed guard service - as I live in a community with TWO guard services.
Tech comes out to install and wants me to sign a contract for 36 months including the extra $$'s for the armed guard service.
Went to phone the above phone number and they tell me I have to pay for the armed guard service.....what a waste of my time and the frustration that goes with being lied to.
Now to add insult to injury they have charged my credit card 107.02.
This is information for all who might consider this company - you are taking your chances.... Buy a dog.
Much better value and the dog will not LIE or CHEAT \

