I love Dr. Venket!
Since I've moved here, I've been frantically searching for a doctor that (of course) my insurance will cover for.
I'm VERY picky of what doctor I see and Dr. Venket is perfect.
The office is very clean and there's lots of comfy chairs in the waiting room.
Her staff are friendly and polite, even when it gets really busy.
Dr. Venket is so friendly, she treats you like an old friend.
She really takes the time to listen to all my concerns and puts my mind at ease.
She's very knowledgeable, on time ( you don't wait very long), and thorough.
Dr. Venket always treats me like I'm her top priority (and trust me, I'm not sick, I'm very healthy and mostly come in for check ups.
) even when the office is swamped.
I feel like I'm in capable hands with Dr. Venket and if she can't figure out whats wrong, she'll recommend a really good specialist.
If you want to see a good doctor, I'm used to waiting for months for your appointment, but with Dr. Venket, I'll be able to see her within a week, two at most!
I highly recommend Dr. Venket!
I love her and I'm sure you will too =)

I selected Dr. Venkat to be my primary care physician based on her internet reviews.
I am so very happy I did!!
I had my first appointment for my physical today -- Everyone in her office was extremely professional and friendly although they were quite busy.
I barely had time to fill out the required paperwork before I was taken into the back so a technician could weigh me, take my temperature and blood pressure.
Then I was escorted into an examination room.
Dr. Venkat joined me within 2 - 3 minutes and immediately I could tell that this was definitely the doctor for me!!
Dr. Venkat's bedside manner is extremely warm and friendly -- I felt like I was speaking with someone I had known for years.
You can tell she genuinely cares about her patients by the questions she asked.
I also had an electrocardiogram and blood work done -- All in all I was in and out within an hour, so the doctor and her staff got the job done quickly but not in a 'get them in get them out' kind of way.

I was given Dr. Venkat's name from a friend and I am so glad to have her as my doctor.
I have seen her only one time but that experience was better than any doctors visit I have had.
The staff is efficient and organized and very pleasant.
The woman who took my information and vitals was so sweet and she worked quickly, getting me settled as soon as possible.
I waited only a few minutes for Dr. Venkat but would have waited much longer.
She was so sweet and funny and instantly made me feel comfortable.
When she realized I was going to need to see an orthopedic surgeon for my problems she called and got me an appointment for the next business day.
I was so impressed.
I would highly recommend Dr. Venkat to anyone looking for a primary physician in Las Vegas!

I went here for my first visit for a physical and to get a medical release signed.
The main difference between Dr. Venkat and other doctors I've had is that she's engaging.
People told me how nice she is, which while true only describes part of it.
She is easy to talk to and genuinely cares what you have to say.
This is a quality rarely found in doctors.
You can't fake that.
I felt like I was having a conversation with an old friend after less than five minutes, and she has a good sense of humor which something even more rare in the medical profession.
Even though I was only in the office briefly, I left with all of my questions answered.
I am excited to have Dr. Venkat as my primary care physician which is something I've never felt before.

I love Dr.Venkat!
If you are looking for a good family practitioner go to her.
I was referred her by my therapist and she is always friendly and genuinely cares.
But the best is that her office is open on Saturdays for convenience and she does not have a long wait time.

Called to make an appointment.
Was asked what insurance I have and told her I didn't have insurance.
She said Dr. Venkat wasn't currently taking cash patients.
Wtf!
Seems kinda rude.

