I have used this location to print presentations and send out FedEx packages.
Friendly staff and good service.
I can always count on them to help me get my projects completed on time.
This location is near a lot of other stores and restaurants....in the same shopping center you can find:  Starbucks Smith's Wells Fargo Sammies Woodfired Pizza Golden Swirl  and many more shops.

After the disaster of an experience with a different Fedex-Kinko's location, I came back today to my favorite one.
I had to print several documents and was able to easily get in/out by using their Self-Service Copier/Printer.
All I had to do was insert my credit card, then insert my USB Flash Drive, select the documents to print....and BAM!
See, that was easy wasn't it?
Why can't their much larger location on W Lake Mead & Tenaya get it right?
I don't get it.....  Will I return?
To this location, you bet!

Lowdown is this:   Parking is bitch.
Right next to a busy Starbucks.
Good luck on parking.
The early daytime is best.
The guys and the other gal are quick and competent enough.
The young girl is not.
She's got to still be in training.
It IS amusing to hear here say, I know, and cock her head like she really did know and then go "Duh".
Just watch her carefully if you are shipping more than one package.
She almost mixed up two of my packages.
Florida and New Jersey are NOT that close.
DON'T let it happen to you.
You really do have to watch her, which isn't hard since she's soooooo sssssslllllllllooooooowwwwwww.
First hand experience here, folks.
The shipping section is out front and it is usually only two deep.
But be prepared to wait.
More so in the evenings.
Not a bad place.
And better than any close ups stores here in the Centennial area.

I don't have many reasons to be here, but once in a while I need something printed.
What I need is usually pretty easy like copies so I can't really say how well they do with jobs, specially complicated projects.
They're pretty friendly here though.
Most FedEx/Kinkos people look like they hate their life.

Its a FedEx.
I come here to send faxes seeing as I don't have a fax machine.
The prices are a little high 1.59 a page but they're not high enough for me to not come back.
Its near my house so that makes it even better.

By far the WORST shipping experience ever.
There were two people in front of me, each with one envelope and it took more than 30 minutes for them to get to me.
Not only this but the Manager of all people asked the woman behind me what she was here for before even taking a single glance at me.
The employees here are incompetent and unhelpful.
Go to a different FedEx store if you want to make it out before you're old and crippled.

