I've been going to this office for the past 2 1/2 years and this place has gone down the drain since.
I was being seen by Dr. Korcal and his attitude and demeanor toward his patients were lukewarm.
He seems like he's tired of seeing patients and does not like what he's doing.
He doesn't seem to have the sense of urgency when it comes to referring to a specialist.
Worst of all, his assistant, Barbara was the rudest I have ever seen.
She disregards your questions and gives you the run-around and even walks away from you as you ask her a question!
No courtesy at all.
She doesn't give you any information and when you ask her, she acts really annoyed and shows you toward the checkout.
I would give just 1 star but their checkout person and their manager have been very helpful and their saving grace.

I have been going here for about 4 months.
I read the other review about Dr. Korcal.
I have not had any problems getting referrals from him.
He answers all my questions.
He is one of two doctors I have seen in Las Vegas that actually sits in the room with you and actually pays attention to you.
The other being Dr. Shin at Freemont Medical Center, but they moved him to urgent care because he probably spent too much tine actually treating his patients and wasn't pushing them out the door.
That is whole other review though (Freemont Medical Center).
Anyway, Dr. Korcal goes over all the test results and explains them thoroughly to you.
I never have to wait long after I sign in either.
You don't have to wait three months for an appointment, like you do at Freemont Medical Center.
The entire staff is very friendly.
The X-ray tech, receptionists, nurses, and the ladies that draw your blood are all great.

What kind of physician and his staff would be so irresponsible as to bar reentry of their patient's admin and next of kin from an office visit that was planned MONTHS in advance?
Dr. Howard Coker of the Diagnostic Center or Medicine, that's who!
My mother is diabetic and has Wernicke's aphasia.
She is completely unable to retain information that is dictated to her and does not speak in complete sentences or is capable of cohesive thought.
She puts on a good show to mask it, but if you listen carefully and interact with her thoroughly, you catch on that something is wrong.
Dr. Coker and his staff are not fit to practice with mentally impaired patients for their office is a fortress and their staff are nothing but sentinels who don't have all their ducks in a row when issuing information and procedures.
Yes, it's true, my mother forgot to bring her prescriptions with her and I should've supervised caught the mistake as her admin.
HOWEVER, leniency should be allowed for human error, especially when critical information is involved.
Coker is an egotist.
He has an unprofessional, colloquial bed side manner and in all this time has not noticed that my mother is mentally impaired.
Other doctors who are not part of an HMO can.
Why didn't he?
Did he just make inferences from my mother's class that she was in the habit of dropping the subjects from her sentences?
That is a trait of lower income groups, I'll give him that, but a glance into my mother's medical history and past career should tell him that this woman was an prominent admin and suffered a stoke.
Therefore, perhaps their is more to why she is incoherent.
To highlight another bad physician, Dr. Coiman of UMC podiatry is just as terrible with his negligence.
Why didn't my mother's former podiatrist, who is also part of an HMO, not recognize both the aphasia ( after seeing my mom for YEARS) and a vapid mental state during her last visit to him that caused her to shit herself--without her even knowing it--on the way home last summer?
You don't send senior out on paratransit in 110° heat in a mental haze!
What kind negligent monster can Dr. Coiman be?
An HMO physician that's what.
I have a feeling that if these physicians were not part of an HMO, no one would see them!
The good thing that came out of the Dr. Coiman incident that resulted in septicemia from her own excrement just 2 days later, is that my mother found great superhero doctors at Summerlin Medical Center's emergency room which are unfortunately, out of plan but well worth the medical bills.
Now that Coker has made this mistake and the open enrollment has begun, we shall leave his professional company like we did Coiman's.
Beware of Las Vegas HMO's, everyone.
Stick to the Summerlin Medical Center if you can and their company of very capable physicians.
I won't name the superhero team who saved my mom here, for I don't want them to be confused with the two phuck ups: Coker and Coiman.
Just know that the Summerlin physicians saved my mom with a flick of a scalpel  and a flush of vancomicin and are worthy of Asclepius' divine tutelage.
Once again, for the sake of your sanity and good conscience, avoid HMO's in the Las Vegas area, stick to the better hospitals like Summerlin Medical Center and your retired, dotty, aging loved one will be better cared for.
May your mommy's retirement be a happy one filled with tea and good things to eat,  Ashanti Miller

I honestly had a completely different experience here than the past visitors.
I found the Diagnostic center when I was searching for a new Primary Care Dr. that accepted Culinary Insurance.
I was very pleased to find Dr. Hess is currently accepting new patients.
I found the staff incredibly friendly and educated.
They were all dressed very casually which was nice because it made you forget you are at the Doctor.
I am thrilled to have found a new doctor!

Overall review - Never much of a wait.
Staff is organized and efficient.
If you need bloodwork they have someone there so you don't have to make a trip.
I'm not sure if they do X-rays or any other tests.
I've been with Dr. Korcal for years even as he has changed practice.
Compared to most doctors, he's a pretty good listener which is the #1 quality a doc needs.
I recently went to visit him after 5 visits to a speciality group with no diagnosis or treatment plan and he's helping get on track.

