Great Breakfast Burrito's

A surprisingly good local chain.
Food was prepared well and pretty authentic despite being a chain taqueria.
Meats were tasty and the price was very wallet friendly.
I'm a fan of the tacos, both soft and crispy.

Whenever I get homesick for San Diego I come here for some comfort food ....So Cal style!
I broke my rule of not eating after 5pm because I was craving  a Breakfast Burrito...and they are open 24 hours so I figured it was destiny .
The burrito was just what I needed after a day filled with salad and berries.
It was filled with potatoes, cheese, eggs and bacon.
Soo good it's probably a gazillion calories....but I will not worry about that tonight.

In Comparison to Bay area Mexican franchises this place isn't too that great.
Its meat rolled in a tortilla.
I'm not Mexican but I'm sure that Burritos have beans and rice at the very least.
Come to my suprise when I order one from here and receive a tortilla filled with MEAT not even all that great tasting lol.
I miss home.
I guess you can say but hey if your ever in SAN JOSE Go to La Victoria and tell me who has the better franchise.
Later Yelpers

Here's my down the street,  go-to for some normal mexican eats.
Only thing missing is a good-dance-in-the-rain tamale.
( But Maybe because I've been spoiled by my Mex friends with homemade tamales).
I like the "call ahead for pick-up" option.
Very convenient.
Outdoor patio seating, maybe only good for 4 out of the 12 months in Vegas.
Eats: on all my visits, so far have never been out of anything and have always delivered my eats 100%.
parking- or lack there of, isn't so fashionable.
Good for the folks waiting for their car wash or oil change, which is in the same lot.
Their smiles are hit or miss.
kinda snobby at times.
On my last visit, I had a carne asada chimichanga.
heart attack im willing to risk.
deep fried burrito, but with a side of guac.
Mmmm.
never fails.
of course, i can never finish it.
way too huge.
a sharable quality.
i can count on them like uno, dos, tres.

I am always looking for good home made mexican food.
This simple little walk up window, wedged between a car wash and a mini mart, is awesome.
Fat meaty asada tacos with the perfect match of sauce, onions and tomatoes.
I will be returning to this place.
(and the gas station attendant said the 2 dollar Tuesday Tacos are a geat deal too!

This is NOT gourmet Mexican food.
This is a good, down-home greasy cheap joint with yummy Mexican cheap eats.
Decor is as basic as it gets, but service is awesome and they aren't skimpy with the cheese!!
Best of all-it's open 24 hours..  Great after a night out, and it won't drain your wallet.
These are all over the place in Las Vegas.
You either love Roberto's or hate it, but it's worth a try.

If you are in West Las Vegas and are looking for a quality taco.. A place to find eats after the club... Then here is your place.
This place is very simple.
There are a few chairs outside to enjoy these wonderful tacos, or you can take them to go.
**note: there's free WiFi out by these chairs as well**  No complaints about the service.
It kind of reminded me of tacos that my mom makes.
I'll definitely be back for more!

No matter what time of day.
No matter what time at night.
Robertos never lets you down...this location especially!!
There is a very nice lady that works there, and she is always going out of her way to make my experience the best every time.
I've taken numerous friends and family to this Robertos, and they've all loved it.
The patio outside is always clean and pleasant to eat on.
Whenever I decide to get rich, there will definitely be that nice lady running the Roberts I put in my house!

Same Roberto's menu, but at a convenient location at the corner of Fort Apache and Charleston (across the street from Claim Jumper and P.F.Chang's).
Perfect for grabbing some filling Mexican food while you get gas or waiting for your car's tune-up.
There are some tables and chairs out front, but if you intend to get your grub on right there, be sure to tell them that it is not a to-go order.
The food is prepared very quickly, and there is hardly any wait time after your order has been placed.
This is the perfect place to go if you are hungry and in a rush,regardless of the time of day or night

God I hate Roberto's.
The burritos are so damn sloppy and it looks like someone opened up a tortilla and took big a dump in it.
It's like pig slop.
Chicken burrito has more onions and peppers then chicken.

I heart the heck out of Roberto's!
This new location is clean and modern with the same nummy food.
:)  I am Hispanic so let's get that out of the way for the Roberto's haters.
If you aren't afraid of calories and carbs - order the carne asada chimichanga.
YUMMMOOOOO.
If you want a smaller heart attack meal - order the breakfast burrito with eggs, cheese, potatoes, bacon and pico de gallo - super yum!
And  if you want a slightly healthier option hit up the Camarones Rancheros - a nice shrimp, rice and bean combo with just the right amount of pico de gallo - tasty and it's not spicy.
Love this place.

Super good!
My husband and I live in the area and we always would see lines outside of this place.
We decided to try in yesterday and it was so yummy.
Everything was very fresh.
I had the carnasada with rice and beans and my husband had the carnasada nachos.
The only thing I would have changed for my dish is that there were more rice and beans!
Love that stuff :)) overall, good food for a good price.

I was told that I have to try Roberto's when I moved to Vegas.
I'm not a big fan of Mexican food, so I wasn't really in a rush.
A friend told me he always gets the breakfast burrito at this specific location the morning after a night of heavy drinking.
I decided to give it a shot one morning and I was hooked on Roberto's.
I've tried a bunch of items on the menu, but always go back to the breakfast burrito.
It cures everything.
The staff here are all very nice and service is quick so you're not standing around the gas station too long.
I visited another location (Buffalo/Charleston) and they prepared the breakfast burrito differently and the tortilla tasted old.
I'll never stray from this property.
Additionally, I just noticed that they have daily sales.
For example chicken tacos are $1 today.
I found dinner!
There's also free wifi if you feel like sitting outside at a gas station eating a burrito and rocking your iPad.

For my anytime I crave a carne asada burrito or carne asada fries.
Roberto's is here!
Open 24 hours a day, you can get your fix the way you like it now or later!
Based off San Diego...this franchise is like the McDonalds of authentic Mexican fast food.
They are on all sides of town...from eat in restaurants to small take out only gas station corners...so they are practically everywhere.
Be aware of some copy cats...some just plain dont get at this level.
But also know there are a few others that do justice, and sometimes even better than Roberto's....
This location borderline of Summerlin is clean and safe.
It's a small take out only shop, so it can get cold or hot outside depending  on the time of day and season of the year you choose to fulfill your craving.
If out door dining is your thing and the weather is complying, one may feast at the patio tables....about 3 tables with 4 chairs each.
Hardly anyone sits there so it should be ample enough.
The huge windows up front are nice and you can see them cook your food...so that's great as well.
Like I said there are tons of Roberto's across town...but this place i can vouch for that delivers on quantity and quality for what it is.
It is quick and convenient and call me biased but it is a 1 minute drive away from my house.
If you are ever in the area, want something quick, don't mid take out and Roberto's is your thing ...  You can trust this place.
NoM NoM goodness!
Arriba!!

I havent had carne asada fries in a looooonnngggg time!
I've been being a good girl and going to the gym and avoiding these 3,000 calorie mofos!
One night a few days ago I decided to go, at first I was very hesitant then I said eff it!
So I park and walk up to the window.
They just looked at me like I was stupid.
I ordered asked for no pico and paid.
The lady recited the order to the dude and he said something, which I couldnt hear (Spanish is my 2nd language) and thy both laughed...
I was a little annoyed by that.
I went into the store and got a tea and poked around.
I went back to get my order, which was just sitting by the window in a bag.
I looked into the window and they were again sitting in the back of the kitchen talking.
I gestured like, is this mine?
I mean shit, I didnt want them to have to get off their ass to get me another couple red salsas so I just left.
I got home and looked at my sinful foodz and they looked sooooooo yummy!
I hesitated!
And of course I was let down : ( They looked amazing but were def bland, all was bland!
BOO!
No mas Robertos for me!

I've eaten here numerous times and am still amazed how popular these places are.
It must be because they're open 24 hours and late at night it's one of the few places you can get something to eat fast.
That's the only reason I eat here.
The good is soso.
It fills you up but as far as being flavorful it leaves a lot to be desired.
I'm sure I'll visit again.
It serves a purpose.

My husband  and I was in the neighborhood and yelp Mexican food, we came because of the carne Asada fries, it was good but for some reason it felt like a big container of calories.
The fries were kind of undercooked.
They could have been crispier.
The carnitas burrito was ok but the rolled tacos was the best.
I probably get that if we go back.
My husband wanted the Tuesday special which was a breakfast burrito for 2.99 but he didn't want bacon egg and potatoes so he ordered the carnitas burrito.
The place did not really have a place to eat besides a few tables outside and it was a windy day so we took the food home with us.
This was something I wouldn't go back to but my husband may win on this one.
I think it was just ok "when it touches my lip it is sooo good" that didnt happen to me.
My husband loves all good Mexican food especially if he get good gas later, lol.

I have not been to Roberto's in a very long time.
This is pretty close to my house and the workers wanted this for their lunch so I decided to hit it up.
I love that you can call ahead and place your order.
It is so much faster than waiting around at the gas station.
I had a very large order and they got everything right.
No screw ups, I was shocked.
You can't go wrong with the #1 ( shredded beef taco and cheese enchilada w/ beans and rice) or the carne asada burritos.
Those burritos are huge and oh so good.
Don't forget the salsa and bag of carrots and peppers before you leave.
You can't eat a Roberto's meal without those.

Roberto's is a greasy mess and I love it!
There are only a few places I trust after a certain hour and Roberto's is one of them.
Roberto's is open 24 hours.
This location is attached to a Fabulous Freddy's and has a walk-up window for ordering.
There is a patio with tables and chairs where you can grub if you are on a lunch break or just waiting on your car to be finished at Fabulous Freddy's or Jiffy Lube.
I like a variety of things on Roberto's menu.
Today I ordered a "Chicken Taco" since every Wednesday they are only 99 cents!
These chicken tacos are greasy and delicious.
The chicken is all white meat that has a nice flavor to it, and the cheese and lettuce are shredded fresh on site.
The "Rolled Tacos" and "Carne Asada Fries" are worth trying too.
The carne asada fries can easily be shared with others.
My hubby ordered the "Carne Asada Burrito" priced at $4.90 which isn't bad, until you add on the 95 cents for each additional item such as cheese and sour cream.
It can get pricey if you customize what you want, but it tastes better with all that other stuff!
They also have combination plates that include rice and beans.
If you like Menudo they serve it on Saturdays and Sundays.

Maybe I strayed too far away from my usual.
I got he carne asada burrito special as suggested from other Yelpers.
For $7.95 the meat was flavorless, chewy, and kind of dry.
The guacamole was scarce inside of the burrito as well ;( the beans and rice were yummy though!
I'll still be back though...

It's Roberto's.
They have locations all over in different states and most people know Roberto's is the place to eat when it's late at night and you are desperate for food.
Each location is hot or miss as far as consistency goes.
This location is apart of a gas station but you walk up to the window from outside.
The portion size here is great.
A lot of the menu items can easily be shared.
The Carne Asada Burrito is what I order with just meat and cheese.
The tortilla this last time was good but the meat was grizzly.
I saw a huge block of cheese just sitting out on the counter instead of being in a refrigerated space that didn't look right.
I realized after this last visit that with all the other food trucks that offer great Mexican food at affordable prices, I really have no need to come to Roberto's as much.

We came here after bowling last night, around 12:30 am or so.
Some of us were a little drunka nd annoying lol, the employees here were really cool about it.
Took our orders and our food was out promptly.
I ordered the carne asada fries, minus the carne asada (I am a vegetarian) and some how when i got home I had my friends, meat filled fries lol (not the fault of the restaurant) I tried to pick as much as i could, and what i could eat was amamzing.
I will be going back soon so I can have my vegitarian yummies.

Severe food poisoning.
Need I say more?
My husband and I have never been sicker.
Stay away!

What's wrong with me?
I used to go to Roberto's a lot when I lived in Vegas a few years ago.
I've been back in Vegas since 2011 and tried Roberto's maybe twice.
It's either gone downhill, or my tastes have changed.
I had the enchilada plate- my go-to dish in the past.
The items seemed to kinda blend into one another.
Nothing special about the flavors.
A plate of pale and mushy food.
In the words of Hall & Oates, no can do.

there is this one skinny young effeminate person who takes the orders that ruined my experience.
LEARN ENGLISH there is nothing  charming or cool or exotic about a rude little jerk pretending to not understand English when making  a simple request like no salad please, even a deaf dumb and blind crack smoking monkey would get that f--- you no matter  if you understood or not you suck.
all Americans speak a little Spanish show respect learn a little English so you can at least get a customers order right i will never go back drop dead

