This is just for the drive up pharmacy!!
It was super quick!
We drove up, dropped off 2 scripts and were told to be back in 15mins.
The staff were super nice, and when we came back outr order was ready.
This was for my bfs scripts, I go to Spring Valley Pharmacy because I love independent things!

Always plenty of smiles, good customer service.

Red box outside.
My Main Reason for coming here.

Had a great time using the photo center, the staff was really knowledgeable and helpful.
I usually am just ignored to use the machine at other stores but this made gidting late Christmas presents a lot more enjoyable.
I also browsed around and purchased more items.
When it was time to pay I was surprised to see that I had gotten so many Walgreens points too... $5 off!
Woo!

Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 9/100  My bestie and I have used this as our final stop for a couple of our hangouts simply because it always seems to have what we need.
Early last month, we got ourselves these microbead headrests for our winter break trips and on valentines day, after searching through Vons, Ross and target for teddy bears, we found ourselves shuffling in here once again!
I honestly wonder why people get bitter on Feb 14 when good quality chocolates are half priced!
Sara and I got each other these cute teddy bears and she named mine while I named hers.
Was a fun night alright!
In contrast to the walmart bears, despite small imperfections, the options here looked sunnier and brighter.And the best thing is, we had choices!
On our way out, we delighted ourselves in the jokester of a cashier.
She was making customers roar with laughter as we waited in line when she began picking on a cop who was buying chocolates!
Glad he rode along with the jokes or else no one would be laughing.

This Walgreens is pretty decent.
Any time I go there, the staff is nice..except late night.
We had this Chinese/Korean cashier and she was like a military Sargent!
I asked her about a sale price and she said (in these exact words), " That sale price.
You can't get more discount.
Why you don't read paper?
" WTH kind of crapola is that to tell someone?!
She's the reason I gave 3 stars instead of 5.
Perhaps her crappy attitude stemmed from working the graveyard shift?
*shrugs* Vampire life sure as hell sucked the happiness out of her!

Been coming to this Walgreens couple of years ago for Pharmacy, so far loved it!
All the staffs are friendly.
Everytime I order my perscription, its always ready for me to pick up.
I even get flu shots here and the Pharmacist is nice and gentle as well.
Will definitely recommend.

I don't know what to say about Walgreens.
They're kinda nondescript, which is good.
Walgreens always seems laid back to me.
Maybe someone's at the counter, maybe not.
They sell what you need.
I do have to say they seem to jack prices up- not as bad as CVS, of course, but you still have to be vigilant about what you buy.

Super clean and bright store and very well organized.
I looked and looked for what I went in to purchase and after walking right by it several times someone actually came up and asked what I was looking for.
She didn't think they had it but looked for me and sure enough... the second pair of eyes worked!
The employee who helped me walked to a register, opened it for me and checked me out.
pretty good service overall.

