Maybe Marcy was a horrible customer but I can not believe the allegations she made.
My wife and I had wonderful experiences with House of Window Coverings.
Jan who was out to give us estimates on curtains shocked us with the price of custom curtains but that is because we were naive on what it would cost.
She was pleasant and suggested other options.
We dealt mostly with Alina and she was wonderful and we are happy with both the shutters and the shades we have.
enough so that we will be getting more shades installed instead of curtains.

Sales woman ordered wrong blinds for us and then tried to guilt us into keeping them because she said the cost would come out of her pocket!
This is the worst buying experience I have had in at least 10 years!
Julie Gugino, blind consultant, came to our brand new house to measure for blinds.
I told her that the most important thing for us was to have the CORDLESS blinds and we picked out and ordered $2900 worth of CORDLESS blinds from her.
When the installer came to the house (the first time), he told my husband that he was missing something and would be right back.
Well, he came back more than 5 hours later when we were not home!
We rescheduled and then he came with blinds that ALL had cords!
We told him that the blinds were not right and to take them back.
He said he would just go ahead and put them up because the hardware would be the same and it would be easy to swap out them out when the correct ones had been made.
A couple of days later (today), I received a call from Julie Gugino telling me that she had been the one to make the mistake when she submitted the order.
She asked what she could do to make us happy and we told her to get us the blinds that we ordered and paid for!
She sounded like she was crying and told me that she was going to have to eat the cost for her mistake!
Frankly, I could care less!
She wanted to try to guilt me into keeping the blinds that I did not want!
When I told her to call me when they are ready for installation, she hung up without even saying goodbye!
House of Window Coverings was referred to me by Costco and I have now called Costco as well to tell them that they should NEVER recommend this VERY unprofessional business to anyone.
I will be receiving a call back within 48 hours from one of the Costco special services managers.

I made an appointment with a consultant to measure our windows for shutters.
When the time came, she never showed up.
When I called she said, "Oh I never wrote your appointment down, can we reschedule for later this week?
"  Absolutely not.
Very unprofessional.
Would not recommend this company!

Had shutters installed throughout the entire house.
Quality, price, and installation:  Excellent.
Christopher showed genuine interest and concern in our satisfaction when he provided our estimate.
I highly recommend this company.
Pleasant people who take the product quality and customer satisfaction seriously.

We are so thrilled with the service and window treatments that were just installed today.
From the moment we walked into the showroom to installation our experience has been exceptional.
Our designer, Jan Rohl, spent the time to help us determine styles and fabrics that would work perfectly in our home and she really took the time to get to know us so she could make the best recommendations.
We have many other projects in our new home and will make Jan and the House of Window Coverings our go to designer and showroom Don and Melissa

OK...
I've had two experiences... one for Shutters through House of Window Coverings and one for draperies and roman shades that are Costco purchases that are handled through house of Window Coverings.
The SHUTTERS ARE A 5 STAR EXPERIENCE.
The Costco purchase has been a ZERO star purchase.
All in all it will average out at a 3.
It's too bad, Christopher and the Norman Shutter team really deserved 5 stars!
Bottom line, Christopher was terrific.
We were on a very tight time deadline and he not only met it, but he helped make it happen.
I had called the week before we needed them and were told they were scheduled to arrive the next week.
Normally they wait until they have shutters in hand before they schedule installation - however, HWC requested that we get installation the day after they arrived and they made it happen.
Great work by House of Window Coverings on making the shutters happen!
As for the draperies and roman shades, more than THREE WEEKS LATE and we still don't have them.....

Worst purchase experience ever.
This was a whole house purchase not a small job.
Seven months after purchase and still not resolved.
100 percent of our contract price collected without our approval.
Wrong blinds order; blind ordered without our approval.
Salesperson was unresponsive to our issues.
Owner evidently refuses to talk with us and resolve the remaining issue.
A $2500 slider Luminette hangs improperly, has gaps in the pleats, uneven pleating in open position, top corner is folded over and does not lay flat, end bunches into layers instead of hanging evenly, the end does not cover the motor box and it's wires are exposed.
The window is exposed on that end.
Hunter-Douglas was consulted, supposedly a new blind was manufactured except it has the same flaws.
The before and after pictures show the issues.
This is the third home we have Hunter Douglas window coverings.
We know the product well.
Our original purchases 20 years ago still hang in beautiful condition in that house.
The problem is the seller not the product.
After months of phone calls and emails, two refunds were issued.
We now have no master room shade, several pleated blinds we did not order, three of one kind of shade and a fourth that doesn't match in one room, and a large $2500 shade that looks very unattractive.
The company says that the manufacture is now responsible.
Their response is questionable as this issue remains unresolved.
Since house of window coverings has had our money since early December 2013, the owner of hwclv is responsible.
Sadly, very poor customer treatment.

