I go here every week to get my husband's dry cleaned!
Their prices are reasonable and if you drop off your stuff before 10am, you get it by 5pm the same day, which is pretty awesome!
Staff is always friendly and I love that they have a drive thru so I don't gotta take my kids out of the car.

Sometimes I get nervous about bringing really expensive coats to a dry cleaner because there is always the chance it get's lost or ruined.
But, my $3000 Burberry coat got badly stained when a drunk at Sushi Bomb spilled his eel sauce all over me.
If the food wasn't so good, I would have been 100X more irritated.
Well, getting back to subject..
The stain would not come out.
No matter what I tried, it wouldn't even slightly disappear.
I had no choice but to bring it to a dry cleaner.
A couple hours later I couldn't believe how good my coat looked.
My Burberry trench coat looked brand new again!
As time went by, my coat began to lose it's deep-dark color, but somehow this dry cleaner refreshed the dark colors.
It looks like it did when I first picked it out at the Beverly Center.
And the best part was that the giant stain was completely gone!
There isn't even a small trace of it left.
And they only charged me around $6.00.
I also needed alterations done on my pair of True Religion jeans.
The tailor that the True Religion store referred me to wanted $35 to hem my jeans.
I thought that was unreasonable so I left.
So, because of my great experience at "Same Day Cleaner", I decided to bring my jeans here with confidence.
And a couple of hours later I was very satisfied.
They kept the original stitching on and it looks just great.
The best part was that the only charged like $10 for them.
I saved a ton of money!!
I am very satisfied with this place and will only come here from now on.

I needed to get 2 pairs of work pants and my lululemon yoga pants hemmed....where to go?
After a quick yelp search, I found this place, a few minutes away from home.
Staff may not be the most talkative, but they were friendly enough.
I paid $8/pair for hemming and picked up my pants the next day.
My pants were clean, pressed, and satisfactorily shortened!
I actually dropped off another pair of pants today for hemming and am looking forward to wearing them without tripping over myself.

I WILL NEVER COME HERE AGAIN!!!!!!
I took my 3 most favorite and expensive pieces of clothing here.
They completely RUINED all 3 pieces.
They hung up the garnets with SAFTEY PINS...... leaving 2 holes in each piece!!!!
They shrunk my dress, and ruined the fabric of my top and shorts.
I am SO unhappy..... the people there did not do anything to compensate me for this either.
DO NOT TAKE YOUR EXPENSIVE CLOTHING HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I love these guys.
Even when i lose my tickets, they don't hassle me and i pick up my items, and leave.
Low prices, fast service.
They do more than i thought a cleaner would do.
I would recommend them to anyone!
THEY EVEN HAVE A DRIVE THRU!
When its not windy, they open the doors and come out to you, its lovely.

This place really is a hidden gem of the Northwest.
Even though they advertise as a dry cleaner, they have a tailor on staff that has phenomenal abilities.
One of my earliest memories of this place was a couple of years ago when I first moved to the Summerlin/NW area.
Most the people in the area were really rude, and service was bad at every restaurant/shop.
I recall coming into SAME DAY CLEANER to get a pair of jeans hemmed and being greeted a group of incredibly friendly workers....at the moment I didn't know how to react because it had been such a long times since I had experienced friendly people in the NW area.
To make the experience better, the lady charged me like $10.00 to hem my jeans.
Earlier in the day, a tailor at the mall quoted me at $35 to hem my jeans and told me it would take 10 days.
SAME DAY CLEANER hemmed it for $10.00, and it only took 1 day.
Also, they were able to keep the original hem and the original boot cut design.
It was incredible craftsmanship!
Since then I have brought 3 more pairs of +$300 jeans, and they have hemmed them for as low as $7.00.
Nothing gets ruined here, this place has an extremely skilled tailor.
Most recently I took my jeans in to get fashionable patches sewed on.
Habib on Decatur, who most people on yelp regard as the "best tailor in vegas" charged me $15 and did a horrible job a few months ago.
I didn't leave him a negative review because he was such a nice guy, but I was really dissatisfied.
The tailor at SAME DAY CLEANER charged me $3.00 to fix what Habib did and redo the fashionable patches.
Once again, it looks amazing!
Even Ife A. took her shirt here when it ripped and they fixed within a day and charged her $2.00.
How does this place charge their customers nothing yet stay in business?
I have also used their dry cleaner services multiple times and they do an amazing job.
I have a $2000 Burberry coat that I take here often, and it looks incredible after they are done cleaning it.
Somehow their dry cleaning chemicals unintentionally restored it's dark color, which had been fading...I don't know how this happened but I am happy.
Let's not forget that this is one of my favorite shopping centers.
It has my favorite Korean Sushi restaurant(Tokyo Sushi House), my favorite 24 hour Mexican joint(Roberto's), and of course my favorite tailor/dry cleaner.
At times I have gone to all 3 businesses on the same trip.

Nice staff.
Excellent price for laundered dress shirts.
They even fold french cuffs for no additional charge unlike some places I've been to.
The drive-thru service is pretty cool, too.
Would recommend this store to anyone.

We've been going here for years even though we live 7 1/2 miles away now and there are about 50 dry cleaners between our house and this place, but for the quality and price you can't beat it anywhere else.
They charge $1.50 for a shirt and I think $2.50 for pants.
I bought a steam cleaner and thought I would save money trying to iron/steam my husband's shirts but that was short lived and we immediately started coming back to this dry cleaner.
The tailoring is fairly good and reasonable as well.
$8 for pant hems and $3 to fix a tear.
I've had a few hems come out after 1 or 2 times of wearing the item but they fix it for no charge, however they do give you a hard time when you bring something back.
They will fix it but sometimes you have to argue with them for a minute.
I thought about taking away a star for this BUT the overall quality and affordability is closer to 5 stars.

I read the reviews before coming here and was glad I did.
My puppy soiled my comforter and I needed it cleaned.
As my king size comforter is unfolding onto the ground an employee came out to assist me with bringing it into the store!
Chivalry isn't dead!
I was embarrassed but thankful for his help.
The process of drop off/pick up was easy and they even give you the option of paying in advance.
When I picked up my comforter that same gentleman was nice enough to bring it out to my car as well!
Friendly staff, great prices- will bring more dry cleaning their way!
Thank you!

This place is only 7 minutes from where I work, (and next to Coco Donuts), so location is convenient.
Been here a few times to drop off clothes for dry cleaning.
Also dropped off a pair of slacks and a coat for alterations.
Pros:  - Drive through window - In by 10:00am, ready the same day - $12 to get my suit slacks altered.
1-day turnaround, (if in before 2:00pm) - friendly personnel  Cons:  - didn't move the crease on the pants I had altered, (I had it slimmed down).
- $45 to shorten sleeves of my coat and cinch it at the waist.
It looks ok if I am not moving, but if I flex my arms, it feels like I'm going to bust out of the coat.
Fit is far from perfect.
Summary:  Quick and reliable for dry cleaning needs, but if your clothes require alterations, (other than jeans that need hemming), go to a real tailor.

Took my birthday dress here after a night at the club .
( let's just say I thought it was over for my dress ) .
They had next day pick up , and my dress was brand new again !
The service was fast and friendly, I will be bringing my clothes here from now on .

This is where I go for all my dry cleaning and alteration needs.
They have a drive thru which is very convenient.
You can even get your clothes back the same day if you bring them in, I believe by 10am and you simply can not beat the pricing!
I have been here many times and have never had an issue

Had  my suits clothes dry cleaned here a few times.
They always do a great job on my dress shirts as well.
Great price and quality.

Attempted to speak to them over the phone regarding alterations - no one was helpful or understanding apparently!
They transferred me 3 times- ended up hanging up.

Affordable and fast!
$1.75 for laundered shirts, $4.50 for dress dry cleaning, $8 original hems.

Live this place!
They do good work, charge a third of what I was paying at major retail places and I get the clothes same day.
Huge fan and they're just down the street from my office.
Worth checking out!

SAME DAY!
I have been to this location several times and I would highly recommend it.
It is priced very well for regular cleaning, and I found their repairs to be value priced with great quality.
The communication can be difficult at times, but lately I have seen the same gentlemen and everything has been completed properly.

