This is one of the few places open 24 hours near my place.
I've had a hit/miss love/hate relationship with other Roberto's in LV so I was expecting the same for this location, but this place has more better days than bad.
I appreciate some standards and consistency because not all late night people are drunk as fuck....I'm just a night person who is hungry.
I've gone quite a bit since moving to this area a year ago, and have had only a few times where the food was just okay, but most of the time it's good and the rare occasion it is quite yummy.
I normally go for carnitas or adobada burritos, chorizo&eggs, supernachos or rolled tacos.
I don't delve that often from the favorites, but the other offerings I've had are not bad at all.
Only thing I won't order again is the tortas....wasn't toasty or dense enough bread to withstand the wet guacamole, meat and pico in it...big soggy mess.
There are tables even though this is in a gas station's convenience store.
Decent for a quick, late night dinner or when you've been hanging out with Mr.
Sauce too much.

You get what you paid for, and then some.
Every time I order something different from the menu, the portions always amazes me for the price I paid.
My favorite is the carne asada fries.

Absolutely incredible food.
Not once did I ever feel like I wasn't getting the best they had to offer.
Staff is always friendly and fast and the cooks nail it every time.
However, they do have one special person back there that takes the food to a whole new level.
I haven't pin-pointed who it is yet, but someone is a magician back there.
When they're at the helm, the first bite to the last is guaranteed to blow my mind.
The level of delicious is obscene, and for the price, I can't believe how fresh and huge everything is.
And try the red and green sauces, they're great.

Okay - this might not be the food find of the year and were not talking about anything earth shattering... but it needs to be said.
Roberto's tacos has 99cent  chicken tacos on wednesday!
Talk about cheap eats!
Everyday I struggle with the "where to eat a cheap lunch --- other than subway"  ... dilema.
So these crunchy and tasty little tacos do the trick!
The taco is premade, but they fry it up and stuff it with cheese and lettuce.
Its that simple and it is that good.
I ate 5 tacos for lunch and went back for dinner and ate 4 more!!!!!
BTW - this particualr Robertos is in the nicest gas station I have ever been in!
Do not be afraid of a taco shop in a gas station.

I love coming here.
I always order the carne asada fries and it will always taste amazing.
The wait was not too long and I devoured it in minutes.

How can you go wrong?
Its a Robertos, inside a gas station.....first I ordered my delicious breakfast burrito with bacon and extra cheese... and then I go and get my favorite beverage - Gatorade G2....
Perfect combination.
The breakfast burrito was as expected... Tasty for the midnight craving that it was and always at the right price.... definitely had to get on my bike the next day to work that one off !

My daughter lives nearby and suggested we try it if I like mexican food.
Wow, I was NOT disappointed!
I ordered a chicken chimichanga.
The chicken was plentiful, shredded and tasty.
Enough beans, and fresh veggies to make it a mound of the most delicious dinner that was enough for 2 feedings.
Daughter had her fav: chicken quesadilla.
It was over-stuffed with cheese.
She was pretty happy.
Service through the window great and fast and very affordable!!
I can't wait to go back when I visit the next time!

As good as it gets, my favorite Mexican fast food place.
They seem to be everywhere and open all the time, so its a solid spot to go to in the middle of the night.
The Carne Asada is seasoned and marinated to perfection, and the breakfast burritos are great!

Coming from Texas where we have glorious, amazing gas station tacos, I was a bit underwhelmed.
It probably had something to do with the fact that the tacos were covered by guac and pico, two things I generally don't put on a taco.
A true gas station taco - as prescriped by www.gasstationtacos.com - should be meat, corn tortilla, onions, cilantro and possibly some crazy hot salsa.
These seemed much more California, trying to be fancy.
The pork torta was good, short of the massive amount of fat and connective tissue I got halfway through.
Other than that, solid choice.

Tried the California Burrito.
Man, that carne asada and yummy fries sure go good together.
I will be back to try the other menu items.

4 stars for food... extra star for being open in a gas station 24 hours!!!!!!
had chorizo torta... wife had a couple tacos.
torta was awesome.
tacos were standard - solid.
awesome little taco shop

Robertos Taco Shop, open 24/7 is the place to go for a quick snack--I heard so many great things, about service, and the food.
You don't have to go to a fancy Mexican restaurant for good food, cause Roberto's not only has the taste, but their service is quick and the staff always has a smile on their face, especially the cashiers.
And if you go there often, they remember your order.
Robertos makes the grade and is 4 stars for me!

Foods is ok, but make sure they put everything that you order in your food,, such as if ya get rice in your bean and cheese burritos  they tend to forget it.
Service is fast but sloppy.

Perfection!
I'm a San Diego native and I'm so thrilled that we have Roberto's here in Vegas!
This particular Roberto's has great workers who will remember you and what your preferences are!
Love, love, love the food!

For some reason, forgetting about the grease fill chicken taco and trip to the restroom late at night after eating this place, I LOVE IT!
The breakfast burrito is amazing.
It's full of Cheese, Bacon, Eggs and Potatoes.
Just how I like them!
I always get chicken tacos.
Although I don't consider them authentic, I prefer them over many Mexican restaurants in this area.
The staff at this Roberto's are very nice.
Another plus is its located in a gas station, which makes it perfect for getting the perfect beverage to go with the food.

service sucks, they mess up your order all of the time the cheese is never melted, go to dimas they are wayyyyy better .

great food!
love the nachos

It's Roberto's, but noticeably worse.
This is the only Roberto's that I have been to that is in a petro station.
Sure, in other regions of the country that is normal, but the service is clearly slower here and the end product is significantly worse.
If you can drive to another location, do so.
There is a full-sized Roberto's on the WalMart-anchored stripmall on Cheyenne/Rainbow, although that one is not as fast as other locations either.
Maybe it is just the NW.
I have had the chicken burrito with rice/beans and perhaps the rolled tacos with guac.
There is no condiment bar.
It is really a piss-poor Roberto's, to be honest.
Basically take-out exclusive since there are like two or three little round tables that most obese people that would patronise an establishment like this would tip over when they leaned their fat elbows on them.
You've been warned.
- E

Its open 24/7 and the staff is very friendly and knows what I order!!
:) They always are happy to see me.
Plus the nachos are VERY GOOD!!

I typically eat here after a night of heavy drinking.
It's good

Just a update that this one is fairly consistent and I've had few issues over the years.
Even on a "off" day it's never bad, just maybe a tad dry/salty/greasier than I like.
I mostly order the same things when I go here.
I get the California burrito (carne asada, pico, cheese, potatoes), carnitas burrito, super nachos, breakfast burrito, chicken taquitos or chorizo plate.
I have delved off before, but I feel these are the better things to order so I stick with it.
The only thing I avoid though is shredded chicken here - I'm not a fan of it shredded and then sitting in a sort've sauce.
I prefer grilled and diced style chicken at other places.
I always have found it amusing that somehow this is the unofficial hangout for teens who just got their cars.
I guess there's not much up here they're allowed late-ish.
24 hours, fairly decent fast food, inside the Fabulous Freddys.
Don't be afraid of gas station food, this one isn't seedy or anything.
It's rather clean and big, with seating inside.
No, it's not like my favorite hole in the walls where they don't speak English, but don't turn your nose at this chain.
It's decent late night food and is part of our rotation when we don't want to cook.
I come at a certain time at night every night and usually on days we work.
I don't know if that makes a difference as it seems its the same cook, but whoever is working after 10pm has been decent.

I have tried several time to like Robertos and it literally does nothing for me.
I give 3 stars for the employees, everyone is always nice and personable but the food just doesn't tickle my fancy.
I love mexican food but the taste just doesn't agree with my tongue... idk all i know is ive decided I wont be back!

Carne Asada Burrito!!!
Hells to YEAHHHAAYYY!!!
Its a good place to get some fast grub for the evening or lunch..

one of the better Robertos locations in las vegas when it comes to the quality of the food.
The employees are friendly ad this is a great place for quality food!

Best Taco Shop EVER!
Fresh & hot food!
Very delish!

This place is awesome!!!
Best Mexican food we have had in Vegas!!!!
The service is fast and large portions!!!

Its hard to give a 5 star to Robertos Taco shop, but I have to do it, its deserved, and its because of the concept and the food, its just done right with some thought and authenticity.
If I looked at any of the many locations, I would think, hole in the wall, due to the simple take out setup, but the food is better than some really fancy sit down spots.
I love the rolled tacos, the burritos, the hot sauce bar with carrots, peppers, green and red sauces, radishes, etc.
Its just perfect, I feel like I am in Tijuana every time...bravo!
5 star for food, 1 star for decor!
food wins!

Omg... To people are used to normal Roberto's ...
This food tastes like dog food.
I go outta my way to go to the Roberto's on rancho,  it's 5 miles further than my house,  but way better than dog food.
I could walk to this Roberto's ?
So close to my house,  but DO NOT want dog food!

So last night my girl and I went to pick up some food.
She always gets the same thing.
Bean and cheese burrito with adding sliced avocado.
The counter help Martin said they can't do that!
We say well all the others do.
And he says " I'm not going to put up with this" we were shocked!!
If I was 25 I would of dragged him over the counter but I'm better than that!!
This is not what customer service should be!!!
Failed Martin!!

An update is in order here.
In the past, I patronised this business only in the late hours.
I exclusively ordered the chicken burrito and rolled tacos.
And I was certainly not a fan.
At this juncture, I have experienced more thoroughly their menu here than at any other Roberto's and I am a fan.
It could be that their staff was turned over.
It could be that I should have always just tried going before midnight or late-night.
It could be that the growing competition from other businesses in the neighbourhood caused them to step up their proverbial game.
It could be any number of those factors or a combination thereof.
In any case, they have an unannounced Military Discount for those with DOD cards.
They have excellent chicken, carnitas, and carne asada burritos.
And, there is a doughnut shop right adjacent to Roberto's in case you feel like dessert.
The ladies who work here are very nice (at Roberto's I mean, I have never eaten at Pink Box).
On an administrative note, there are only five small tables with two-to-three chairs each, but there is that car wash lounge to the North end of Freddy's where one can sit with no problems being raised.
¡Buen provecho!
- E

Sneaked into Las Vegas last month (Lol!
Many of you know why!
) and indulged Roberto's!
It's fresh and fast.
I saw the three orders before, the Carne Asada fries, I had to try them.
Delicious.
So delicious that I had to take one of my chicken tacos back to my hotel.
I had those carrots and peppers before and packed up almost a 1/2 pint!
My only wish Roberto's was north of the boarder in San Francisco!

Went here last night with the family and got dinner to go.
Wife got a #7 Carne Asada combo and I got the #4 shredded beef tacos.
While we were eating, wife found a plastic disk in her beans, and an old, nasty french fry in her guacamole.
There was not a piece of meat that wasn't gristle, so we threw most of hers away.
Mine, on the other hand was just bland and tasteless, or so I thought.
I spent the night wanting to throw it all back up as it sat like a festering rock in the pit of my stomach.
Do yourself a favor, go to the Chipotle down the road; it may not be "authentic" but at least it is edible.

Tucked away inside Fabulous Freddy's, this Roberto's has some of the best customer service Roberto's has to offer.
It doesn't hurt that you can play a little video poker while waiting for your chow.
I was a little taken back by the "B" rating left by the Health Department.
I guess that could pretty much be from anything, right?
What am I complaining about, though.
Back in school I would have given my left testicle for a "B".
The food and the service is always good.
So I will be back.
B'a are fine.
I just don't want to see any one legged A's.

I come here from time to time.
It's a great standby for some good Mexican.
Ultra affordable and has more character than going to Taco Bell.
The carne asada and the adobado could be served on a shoe and it'd be delectable.
24 hour place, therefore great for an early morning breakfast burrito.
And it's right next to a pink box donuts (though not 24 hour like their parent store) so everybody's got a chance for a great local two-fer.

Great Mexican fast food.
My favorites besides chicken tacos are the California burrito and pork burrito.

AMAZING fast Mexican food!
Since moving to LV a year ago this has been my go to spot.
The CA burrito is delicious and I love having gauc added to it.
The rice is nice and fluffy too.
You just can't go wrong here.
Only crappy thing is this location is in Fabulous Freddy's and at times there is no parking.

Food is sometimes good often decent , the prices have been raised to much though over8$ for some carne fries?

The worst Roberto's I've ever been too!
It's so close to me and I keep trying it out hoping it will be better but it is always terrible!
Beans like mud, cheese is never melted and corn tortillas are cold and nasty!
I couldn't even eat my meal tonight.
Lesson learned.
I'll be driving to Rancho & Craig from now on.

