I only go here for manis.
Only $13, so I definitely approve.
The staff is friendly, and the lotion is warm for your massage.
Recommended!

This is my wife's favorite nail salon in Vegas.
They are quick and reasonably priced.
Her nails usually get abused and they take a beating longer when she gets them done here.
A lot of their services are way less expensive than other places in town.
She is consistently disappointed when she goes anywhere else.

I rock climb and my nails STILL survive... if that isn't a testament to how amazing this place is I don't know what is!
The people are always super friendly and if there IS a problem they fix it for free and very quickly!
They are very reasonably priced and their work is top notch!

I've been here a good handful of times, most of them for pedicures.
They are always friendly and do a great job, i feel like a million bucks when I walk out.
I went just recently and took a friend of mine, it was her first time there.
We both walked out smiling and going on about how great everything was and how awesome our feet felt!
We did the $40 deluxe pedi and let me tell you it's worth every red cent when you're looking for an amazing pampering moment.
It included the normal pedicure services in a great massaging spa chair, scrub, clay mask with hot towel wrap, and paraffin treatment(which left the feet oh so soft).
So if you're looking for a great salon in the northern part of town this place is definitely worth a visit!!

I have never been a huge fan of pedi's but I get one each year after spending three days straight on my feet working in a apparel trailer at the NASCAR races.
AFter my visit to Dazzling Nails and Spa I can no longer say that.
The staff was very friendly and the guy doing my pedicure was very gentle with my sore tired feet.
The massaging chairs were heaven and the prices were good.
I paid $40 and my feet and me were PAMPERED!!!
The paraffin wax treatment made my feet feel like brand new and when I left my toes were sparkling.
I will be going more and more!

I used to come to this place every other week.
Loved it!
They finally convinced me to upgrade to gel manicures.
They explained the benefits and such.. sounded awesome.
Let's just say the gel mani didn't live up to the hype.
When I went to get the polish removed, they filed my nails down rather than soaking them.
My nails have been brittle and weak for about a month.
Lots of chipping, peeling and breaking.
They also claim to fix gel manis if you get any chipping within the first week.
Their idea of fixing is filing the chip off.
I am kind of afraid to come back here.
Sad, because this was my go to spot.

I have had bad luck with nail places lately, I seem to always get the rude, rushed ladies w/zero smiles or personality that just cannot shape my nails to save their lives.
Short, crappy massage-if you could call it that.
She basically just rubbed the lotion in.
Advertised a low price, then once you were sat down in the pedi chair they hand you a menu where everything costs extra-hot towels, scrubs, callous removal-everything was extra!
Spent like $40 for a regular spa pedi and $25ish for a gel mani when it was all said and done-and the rushed work was irritating.
Gave 3 stars because my nails turned out decent looking, despite them not being the shape I wanted.
Not going back, though.
I will eventually find a place that does good work AND take good care of their customers.

Don't do it!
I was upsold to a deluxe mani pedi package, and it was the worst ever.
Cuticles werent trimmed, polish bubbled within minutes and shrunk within a few hours.
My polish was chipping and peeling by the next morning.
There wasnt even poliah on my toenail tips.
So much for my pre-vacation nail job!
The lady was nice, but must have been lazy and blind.
And, the massage chairs have a ball that rolls up your crack!!
Discomfort, much.

I went to Dazzling Nails for a polish change.
I wear gel polish and change it about every couple of weeks, so I was really excited when they told me that it would only be $18 rather than my usual $25 at other places.
But like what someone said below, they did file the old gel off, which worked faster than soaking, but at certain points it was painful and I was scared the lady was filing down my nail too much.
I have no idea what my girl's name was, but initially she came off pretty rude and then warmed up to me I guess.
I'm no gel expert, but based on what I've previously seen at other salons, I don't think she was very skilled in that particular area.
She seemed to leave my nails under the UV light for much longer than I am used to and when I asked for a design on one of my nails, she used regular nail polish, and now all my nails do not feel as sleek and solid as I am used to.
The positive are that they have a TON of color choices for gel polish and I also added on a pedicure which turned out very well and matches my nails really nice.

I went here for eyelash extensions and had a terrible experience.
First, the technician had a strong body odor which I realized halfway through my service as I was laying on a table with my eyes closed and she was leaning over me.
It was clear she had not showered recently or washed her hair...awkward.
The minute I realized this was not the scent of a mud treatment or something that would be acceptable at a spa was too late and I was so grossed out.
It took about 30 minutes for the girl to glue extensions to my eyes and midway through the adhesive caused me to start tearing up.
She had me sit with a fan blowing on my eyes for 15 minutes to set the glue (most places are able to "set" the lashes in 30 seconds or so).
I have had eyelash extensions before and never had an allergic reaction or been sensitive...little did I know she was using the wrong type of adhesive!
I was in incredible pain and when I left I actually said it my car and cried because the pain was too intense.
I couldn't believe it.
This is NOT what you should experience with lash extensions.
The type of burn most closely resembled the reaction to skin and superglue...so I truly have no idea what kind of insanely bonding glue they used but there is no way it can be legal/appropriate for skin.
I paid $40 and tipped on top of that for some reason.
Later, when I went to another salon to have my lashes removed, I was told that they had used an extremely strong adhesive that should not be used on my lashes, or any human for that matter, as it was weighing down my lashes and not appropriate for the lash cycle.
The estheticians I have since visited have encouraged me to file a complaint with the state cosmetology board.
My lashes began to fall off and the extensions with them in about 2 days.
They should last 2-3 weeks depending on your showering habits, makeup, etc.
I am still in the process of regrowing my lashes and caring for their mistake.

I was a walk in for an eyebrow waxing.
Place was clean.
I didn't have to wait, but the lady who did the waxing stopped in the middle of doing a manicure?
with another lady.
I think this made her do a rush job.
If not, then she is just not very good at eyebrow waxing.
When I got home, I still had wax on me.
My right eyebrow is thinner with a high arch.
My left is thicker with no arch.
I have never had an uneven job like this before.
Had to fix it myself.
I am not a happy camper right now.
Ugh.

I received a pedicure and it was amazing!
Ivy was the lady that performed the service and she was very nice and attentive.
My Likes: 1.
Greeted me right away when I walked in 2.
Water was the perfect temp 3.
Massage chair was AMAZING 4.
Really rubbed and massaged my feet and legs 5.
Reasonably priced   My dislikes: NONE  I will be making this my go to place!

WORST mani/pedi I've ever had in my life.
In my search for a new nail spot I decided to try this place out--Wow, bad decision.
This was a total waste of $65.00.
I feel as if I came out of that place just as jacked up as I was when I went in.
Even after asking the lady why my feet still felt hard she explained that she could not remove the callus in one appointment--WTH!
My feet are not that bad and that's the first time I have ever heard that in all the years of my monthly pedi's.
So, ok fine I left and a day later the french tip on my toes started coming off!
HORRIBLE.
What a waste of time and money!!

This place is reasonably priced.
25 for acrylic and 25$ for gel.
3 dollars for every fake  added on nail.
When I first went into this place I asked the prices when the lady told me only 25 for gel compared to 30-35 at other places.
I jumped right into the seat even though the lady was stuck up.
I got a solid color gel manicure.
It was basic nothing special.
I had three fake nails added on the lady did not do a good job sanding and filling down the nails.
I have pretty long nails my self.
But it was definitely obvious which nails where fake.
A week later the gel manicure didn't hold on so good.
The ends where chirping off and peeling.
It did not look good after a week.
GEL SHOULD LOOK PERFECT FOR AT LEAST TWO WEEKS!!

I asked for a glitter gel manicure with white tips.
It was $50 and so not worth it.
The nail ladies are horrible at communicating with!
They don't speak or understand English that much.
That is very annoying!
They take forever on my nails.
A gel manicure should only take 10-15 min.
They take 45-60min made me late to my college class.
After a week the nails looked horrible they had chipped and peeled.
Gel should last two weeks with no chipping or peeling.
And they file down your real nails very thin!
To the point where they will break.
So don't let them trick you into getting gel.
It sucks!

I really like this place easy going never a long wait and I feel one of the neat pedicures in town.

I have never been happier with a nail salon than I am with Dazzling Nails!!
The girl that works at table 3 is AMAZING.
I went in for a fill-in, and when I sat down I told her that the last girl that did my full set (different salon) had really done a bad job.
She started trying to do the fill, but couldn't because of how much of the acrylic was coming loose.
She gave me a new full set on just my natural nails (no tips), which no salon has EVER done, and she made them as short as I wanted, which again no salon has ever done without a lot of "Are you sure?
" I will continue to go back to this salon for as long as I can.
Quality is excellent, pricing is reasonable, and they have nail polish colors in something besides fluorescent colors!

Pretty ok place.
They had ok massage chairs.
Showed up around six looking for a gel pedi.
They had a nice assortment of gel colors.
The lady was really sweet.
Talked to be the whole time and her English was pretty good.
Massage wasn't that great but they use some kind of scrub that felt really nice  and then some kind of mint mask stuff that left your legs feeling tingly and fresh along with warm towel wraps.
Those were both included in the deluxe pedicure which I believe was 30 bucks (plus a little extra for the gel polish) I ended up deciding last minute to stay for a full set with gel polish.
They look gorgeous.
Didn't get a hand massage like you do at some places or warm towels but still pretty content with the place.
The other techs behind me were all speaking perfect English to their clients.
My girl was even stayed about 20 minutes after closing to finish my nails.
They had a big tv there as well.
Final price was 82 for gel deluxe pedi and full set gel polish nails.
So still a little pricey but not out of their mind expensive.
They didn't have their prices though so I would double check their prices online before going in.
Overall happy with their service

This nail spa came very highly recommend and I'm not sure why!!!
Came in and the lady that gave me a pedicure was eating in the seat I was going to sit in I had to brush off the crumbs before I sat down!
My feet are still rough at the bottom, and they weren't done a week ago!
I asked for a manicure and then decided to get acrylic instead.
The women got an attitude and then stormed off and when she came back she was talking in another language and I'm sure it was about me because she was talking low and kept looking at me!
The women who gave me the acrylics DID NOT do a good job whatsoever!
You are able to see my real nail on the sides, its not even been a week yet and they are already peeling off!!!!!
And then she asks who did my eyebrows and suggested they weren't good and I should let them do it.
I will not be going back there.

Kinda pricy.
I do wish they had the prices  displayed like other salons.
I had Kim she was nice.
It's been awhile since I had a nail tech that actually had a conversation with me.
She did a great job I just wish I couldn't see some of my real nail under my right thumb.
But besides that I had a great experience.

The lady I had finished my mani & pedi in less that 25min.
She was going so fast that it didn't even look good at the end.
I totally don't recommend this place at all.

If you are looking for a great gel manicure, ask for Ivy!
She's the only one there who I'll let do my nails.

Prices are great!
Friendly staff!
Best nail salon that I've been to since being in Vegas.
Major plus that is close to my house.
Ivy and kim are great!

I have went to this shop twice now to get my Nails done.
I am very pleased.
Both times the staff was very friendly and did a good job.
I get the gel polish and they have a good variety to choose from.
The prices are fairly decent as well.
I would def be returning back for a 3rd time.

Nail service Sucked!
Came in 7/8/14 I have two weddings to attend to and I need something that will last long so specifically said I wanted color acrylic because it last longer and she puts plain acrylic with gel color over it and said this is what I asked for?
Then I asked to go really thin and seem like she was getting upset because I kept saying how I wanted my nails?
Then the health department came in and didn't even say excuse me I'll be back she just picked up and left.
So I ask the guy there if someone else that can continue because I have to be at work and he pretended to get her.
He had no client so he could have at least continue my nails.
After 10min she came back didn't say sorry she jus continue in a rush!
She did my nail so fast it looked like she rushed it everyone I showed my nails to said the same wasn't even even!
Never again will I come to this  place!
Dazzling nothing!

