My wife and I brought our 20 month old twins in for their very first appointment.
Dr. Bui and his staff are fantastic.
They were very gentle with my kids and patient with my nervous wife.
I work in the medical field and know how hard it is to find the right doctor for your family.
Look no further, Dr. Bui at Cavitybusters is a guarantee win.

Dr. Bui,  First and foremost, I would like to make it clear to you of the false statements written on my son's file regarding my alleged persistence in having his root canal done in the office.
I may have insisted that they do the cleaning as well as take the proper X-rays needed to more accurately diagnose any issues he may have had, but to generalize and not be able to separate those details from the fact that I repeatedly told dr. Renalie that if she thought she would be able to successfully do the procedure there, that I was fine by it.
I made it clear to her that since she was the professional, I would trust her judgement and support her decision to perform the root canal in the office.
Nevertheless, if she truly felt that my son wasn't properly reacting to the nitrous oxide and saw the possible complications that may arise if she proceeded, I now truly question her ability to make the proper calls under the same circumstances.
She still proceeded to have him wrapped even after seeing the extent of his resistance.
And against my better judgement, I still trusted her decision to move forward.
It is unbelievable that now and after all that was said and done, your office finds no remorse and is not willing to take even a part of the responsibility to what went wrong in my son's treatment.
Anyone in their right mind would see that if your office strongly advised against it being done there, it wouldn't have been done, even if what they've noted in his file was true.
In hindsight, it was especially odd that your staff seemed to not be on the same page from the beginning of his treatment plan as on the day of his root canal, Dr. Renalie suggested targeting the side that needed the root canal but on the flip side, Gabby advised that they would be doing the fillings on the right side first since they were smaller.
I am sure anyone would already see the inconsistency and red flags in that but again, against my better judgement, I chose to look past the "minor" miscommunication between your office personnel and continued to give your office the benefit of the doubt.
As far as suggesting that I seek a 2nd opinion, please be clear that I decided to seek the 2nd opinion on my own and after taking all of these facts in consideration.
However, the notes inputted by Natalie falsely states that you and dr. Renalie recommended that I seek the 2nd opinion.
On a side note, I am not sure what your normal protocols are with regards to handwashing and changing gloves but I did, in my last two visits to your office including the day of my son's procedure, observe that your dental assistants still held and touched your X-ray equipment and such items like the X-ray protective gown after they've put on a clean pair of gloves and right before they had their hands in my son's mouth.
I don't need to be an expert to see that that was unsettling for me to notice.
In conclusion, I am more disappointed in your staff's failure to take any type of responsibility, the manipulative tactic in using me as an escape goat in Dr. Renalie's error in decision making, but more so, entering false allegations in my son's file to protect your practice.

I'm not sure who had more fun here -- me or my kid.
Who am I kidding... it was definitely me because I didn't have to get my teeth cleaned.
This dentist office off of South Rainbow, across the street from the Arroyo shopping complex has a large lobby area with couches, a large TV, and a kid's play area with iPads loaded with plenty of  games.
The cleaning stations are located in one big room with no dividers with about four or five chairs, a couple TVs that were playing Ice Age and a cool super hero mural on the wall.
That's plenty of stuff to distract some kids from getting their teeth cleaned, but not mine.
My little guy was scared and didn't enjoy the experience.
But, that's not a reflection on the staff.
Dr. Bui, who is currently the only dentist working there, was fun, energetic, and patient.
He did all he could to ease my son's fears and make it as pleasant as possible.
With the amount of sweets my kid loves to shove in his face, I know we'll be back.

Great, clean, professional, modern super kids-friendly place!
My kids love doctor Bui and every time we go they end up the appointment with a big smile... Priceless!
I highly recommend this pediatric dentist!
Finally I don't have to worry about " the dentist appointment"  anymore!

Dr. Bui and his staff are amazing to both my kids and I.
Service is fast and efficient.
Although it is far from where I live it is worth the drive.
My kids enjoy their play rooms but, of course what kid wouldn't love playing with iPads !!!!!!!!!!!!!

Dr.Bui is so great with my kids that they are always excited to go get their teeth clean!
Great staff and always get us in on time!
I would recommend this place for anyone who have kids!

Complete rip off!
They are beyond money hungry.
They milk the insurance company, then come after your wallet!
Be careful don't let the niceness and color office fool you, that's how they suck you in.
Before agreeing to any surgeries for your child with this company get a second opinion!!!
Not even worth the one star!

Dr. Bui is arrogant to say the least.
You cant even ask him questions or he gets flustered.
Children are like numbers.
The staff made so many billing problems they had me doing there work for them!
All this and my children didn't even have cavities.
Don't bother the Dr he thinks he is special..............

We walked in for our first appointment and the place was great for kids!
The waiting room was decorated in a way that was calming to the kids.
The staff from the front desk to Dr. Bui were very friendly, warm, and sympathetic to the needs of each child.
They even have fun sunglasses so the light isn't to bright for the kids...and they're super fun.
One of my girls had to get a tooth pulled and Dr. Bui was awesome.
He was so fun in his conversation with my daughter that she didn't even realize that he pulled the tooth out until after when he told her.
It's rare these days to see someone who is really good at what he does for work and enjoy it at the same time.

