I checked this place out after it has been open for a couple of weeks, apparently not long enough to work out any kinks considering we were the only people in there.
We went in to check out happy hour.
They had a decent happy hour list.
Small list of drinks and a list of appetizers for $5 a piece.
I wanted a margarita (when in Rome) I figured since their drink menu had a frozen house margarita on happy hour it wouldn't be a problem to make the switch to a margarita rocks.
Guess what?!!
Margarita rocks is not on happy hour!!!
What?!!
Really?
Besides children who drinks a frozen margarita?
(sorry if I offended anyone) The bartender did make a pretty good margarita though.
After reviewing the happy hour list of food, I asked to see a full menu.
Needless to say, I was unimpressed with their menu!
Awful, 90% of their menu was appetizers and salads, with a small amount of a la carte items in the bottom corner.
Really?
That's it?
Food was bland, the salsa was ok, service was mediocre to bad.
Can't imagine I will return for a retry unless it is still open next year.
Feel bad for whomever dumped a lot of money into it's decor and location.
Good luck papi chulo!

Just had lunch here with my daughter.
Complementary salsa and chips were interesting, 3 salsa choices, verde between a mild and smoky hot.
the verde was almost hotter than the 'hot' so I liked them fine.
Great tortilla soup with lots of shredded meat, cotija and a big slice of avocado.
Nice meaty taste and a good size portion.
Street tacos with signature marinated beef and nopales were superb.
Only complaint was that they STILL seem to be getting the service down.
Liked the decor a lot, but you have to get the napkins and silver down once the food arrives.
And your sign about lunch specials?
You should know what they are before you start your shift.
Especially when the sign is wrong and there really aren't any specials!
The actual service was fine.
As this is a local establishment, I'm looking forward to returning.
Maybe when there really are specials!

it was okay ..not sure i'd go again with all the other Mexican options out there.

I come here for lunch and I loved it !
I am bummed that they dont deliver to the local businesses , because i would order more than once a week, infact all of my co-workers love it .
The food is fresh , its not your typical greasy , salty mexican.
The chips and Salsa are good , the tacos are so addicting too.

The food is delicious!
Laid back atmosphere, easy going staff.

We came here while staying at the Cheaparral next door and the enchiladas were ok good but not while eatting the first one and there was a piece of hair chilling on top of the tortilla.
Eww gross can you afford hair nets?
The margarita was full of ice and sweet sour mix gross mama mia are you serious?
Selling me a glass of sweet sour for $10.00 wow how tacky.
The service was horrendous the waitress was a real ditzy broad who was more worried about what was going on after work then her own 2tables.
I suggest go to another restaurant down the street instead of here.

I was dissatisified upon picking up a to-go order to see that a 22 % gratuity had been added to it, it was an order of 10 and not only was I not informed while placing the order about the grat I was not even offered help to my car when picking it up.
I called it in the day before for an 11:30 AM (before the lunch rush) pick-up and yes, I DO tip on to-go orders.
To me 22 % is PERFECT service while I am seated in the establishment not added onto a pick up order I am picking up and hauling to my car without help (they did not even open the door)  I think if they wish to continue having business they might want to re-think their position on take out orders and what they add to them.

Service is my number one priority.
We had to wait 5 minutes just to get seated during a very slow lunch hour 12:30.
Server missed a few things and had to be reminded.
Food was not very good but I really liked the hot salsa that came with the chips prior to our food arriving.
It was very good spice level for me.
Bland place at best.

Went here last Friday night with the girls.
We had quite a few drinks before and after The Naughty Show at the bar.
This is based solely on drinks.
The bartender studied all of our IDs quite intently.
I hope he wasn't studying my address it got a bit awkward.
After we passed the ID test he asked us for drinks.
We asked what kind of beer do you have he answered "we have sooo many" hinting there was too many to say.
Me and my sis asked for some Guinness he said "no sorry we don't have that" Ummmm Kiltlifter???
"No we don't.
" Strike two!!!
One of the girls asked for a Corona and the other a BL.
Of course they got those beers.
So I asked again "What beer do you have so we can possibly decide on one before the night ends?
" Nothing great so we settled on Modelo Especial.
Later after we got seated in the Comedy Club I ordered a Mojito and the rest of the girls ordered other mixed drinks.
Their reviews of the drinks they got were not so great but the Mojitos were surprisingly good in a very tall glass!!
Everyone started ordering them.
I must of had like 10 that night until they closed the kitchen and they couldn't get any more mint.
Yummm!

I have been here a few times for lunch with coworkers.
It is pretty good mexican food with great prices and excellent margarita specials.
If you join foursquare and check in there you get $0.99 margarita's, for regular folks i think it is $1.99.

Had great food and would have been 5 stars if not for a few service hiccups.
All the tables had two place settings apiece and the server did not bring over a third place setting for our party when we were seated.
He also gave us only two menus.
Come on, now, the place was between the Sat lunch and dinner period and we were the only table occupied for the first ten minutes we were there.
Food is excellent.
Great tortilla soup and chicken mole.
Rice, beans, veggies, all very tasty with generous portions.
Guac great and tortillas, too.
This place hits it out of the park with food quality, just need to tweak service a little.

we had a restaurant coupon and gave this place a try.
i thought it was just a hotel eatery but it was pretty darn good.
our server was attentive and kept our glasses full.
i started off with a happy hour margarita that was heavy on the tequila (yay!
) and salt (whew) but the latter is easy to fix.
for dinner, i had the shrimp fajitas which where extremely tasty and filling and my gal had the ahi tuna which was a bit dry.
the "free" chips and salsa had to be taken away as we kept munching and stuffing ourselves.
my only gripe is the standard rice and beans accomp.
for the price of the entree's, i would've thought the run-of-the mill rice and beans served at the el cheapo establishments would've been replaced with a more authentic or flavorful touch.
well, whatever.
we left happy and i accidentally left my doggy bag on the table and around lunch time today, wish i hadn't.
it's a good place.
very hot bartenders this night too....no worries as my gal lets me know when her male bartenders are just as smokin.

This past weekend, some of my buddies went to the Taco Festival in Scottsdale and this place was one of the restaurants represented.
They enjoyed their food so much they suggested we try it for lunch.
First things first...Great service and it looks really adorable in there!
Our server was on the ball refilling our iced teas, asking if we needed anything else, making recommendations, etc.
I have no complaints.
The chips and salsa were yummy and fresh.
I ordered the shredded chicken burrito and both of my friends ordered the steak street tacos.
The burrito was HUGE (I barely was able to eat 3 bites due to my snacking on the chips and salsa, but it was verrrrrrrry yummy) and the rice and beans were very tasty.

fun spot, pretty good food-not crazy authentic but definitely still worthy of a meal or two here-and the service was good.
Very casual laid back but I loved the tortilla soup :) Don't come in looking to be wow'd by the service but they did fine in my book, it's so casual so I don't understand why everyone was so eerked about the service.

I won't be going here again.
I can honestly say that I didn't like anything about it.
Our server was somewhat friendly, but that's about it.
And there is a good amount of parking, given that the hotel is right there.
The bad:  1.
Server only brought one set of silverware for me and my friend, and took about 20 minutes to bring the second set.
My Coke was very watery.
Found out that the syrup line wasn't working, so they went to replace it, and then came back and told me that they were out of Coca-Cola... like it's some rare thing for a restaurant to have.
The spinach con queso was very runny and had very little flavor.
The steak in the skirt steak taco was VERY dry and very salty.
The sopapillas come out with some weird butterscotch-tasting flavor added to the honey.
When I asked the server what it was, she went back to ask the chef, and then returned to tell me, "Yeah, it's something different, but we're not sure.
Maybe it's just a different kind of honey.
"  What?!?
One word:  Nope.

Hurry and get there soon before it closes...if you want to waste a meal there...terrible, disgusting...it's like a school lunch one of the kids said...Taco Bell is much better...it's like airplane food another diner said...We had a steak arachera taco plate, enchiladas, taquitos and a bean burrito...the stale chips were an omen and I almost wanted to walk out then!
The food tasted bad like really crumby old leftovers.
The sauce on the enchiladas was like spaghetti sauce...IDK  if they just don't know what good food is...or they don't care!
Yuck, gross...puke!
Don't go and waste time or money at this poor excuse for a restaurant!
I feel bad for tourists who innocently wander in expecting a good meal and end up with this pile of slop!

I had lunch at Papi Chulo's yesterday and I must say I was impressed.
I had the enchiladas with the green sauce and the sauce was delicious!
I also liked the chips (warm) and salsas they gave us.
I eat mostly mexican food and they have earned my business.
The service was very good.
We had a waiter and a gentleman, possibly the manager that was checking to make sure we were satisfied.
It was during the lunch hour, and while they were busy, they managed to make sure we were satisfied with our experience.
They gave us lunch club cards with 5 punches already in each one.
So onyl two more lunches and we get a freebie.
I may become a regular here... they also have a private room for networking and private lunches.

always like this place.
Decor here is very nice, with flat TVs all over the bar and restaurant for sports.
Staff is always friendly and the food is above average.
They bring out 2 different salsas with chips automatically.
The salsa is fresh and has a unique flavor.

* 2.5 Stars Freshly prepared food?
Can't be!
I usually never complain that my food comes out too quick, but everything thing we ordered came out 5 minutes from when we ordered it....
Which means it was basically reheated.
Mine definitely tasted that way.
Let's start off with the chips and salsa... just okay, the seasoning on the chips was pretty tasty, the hot salsa had good flavor and the mild salsa was flavorless.
We started off with the guacamole, nothing special... probably "Wholly" doctored up with some onions.
To drink, I had their "Perfect Rita" it was good, but $7 Happy hour price... nothing I couldn't have somewhere else for less than 5 bucks.
For dinner, I ordered the cheese enchiladas.
I wanted the veggie enchiladas but when I asked what veggies where in it the server told me "probably the same as the fajitas, peppers and onions".
That didn't sound too exciting so I just went with cheese.
The sauce was watered down and definitively from a can...Yuck!
I scrapped it off, mixed up the hot salsa and sour cream and made my own sauce, so it was at least edible.
I don't think it was heated up enough either, because my cheese was rubbery.
To top it off my Bf ordered a carne platter and the veggies were not peppers and onions, they were zucchini, squash and carrots... exactly what I would have wanted in my enchiladas!
Overall, my BF won't let me give it two stars.
He enjoyed his food, mine was okay, we had good service and the atmosphere was inviting.
Although,  I highly doubt we'll be back.

Happy Hour and a sunset?
Yes!
Our party consisted of my wife, myself, and our preschool aged son.
We had just finished a long day of touristing (yes, obviously from my location, we are visitors) and needed dinner.
We were originally planning on another location down the street, but that other venue's parking lot was full.
We had seen Papi Chulo's on the way in, and decided to head there after our original plans were denied.
And it's a good thing too.
The chips were fresh and warm, and the two salsa choices were fresh and neither too sedate nor too spicy, either for ourselves or our son.
I ordered the chimichanga arrachera, which was quite flavorful and, despite being large, not an "unbeatable " foe.
My wife's selection was the fajitas arrachera, which she simply described as "delicious".
The flank steak was a hair tough on both accounts, but could have been far worse from our experience.
Of course, it was happy hour.
House margaritas are discounted, and were quite... shall we say... effective.
Without being overly "tequila-ey", shall we say.
All this as we enjoyed a sunset dropping down over the valley, as the outdoor seating faces west.
On our next trip to the Valley of the Sun, we will be quite likely to pay this restaurant a visit.

Better than I thought it would be.
Good enough before the comedy show.

I wish I had read the reviews before we ate here.
We were visiting Scottsdale and found this place.
Our first clue should have told us something.
We walked in and the place was empty!
It was dinner time on a holiday weekend.
We were seated and the table wasn't the cleanest.
The staff were friendly but that's the only nice thing I have to say.
The chips tasted like they came from a bag, not freshly made.
The margarita's were horrible!
Mine tasted like pure alcohol and it was supposed to be one of there specialties.
We considered leaving then and should have.
We ordered an appetizer plate and the food tasted like it was frozen food that was heated up.
I don't know if there chef has taste buds but if he does he needs to taste his own food.
The whole meal was a huge disappointment.
Do not go here, turn and go anywhere else!

Would not recommend going to this place for a meal.
The breakfast is disgusting and the servers are rude.
My mom said her biscuits and gravy was inedible.
I was lucky enough to leave before being served.... the waitresses ignored us while we sat there for 10 min and didn't even care when we walked out.
also... the owner tends to hang out at the bar in the evenings with a woman who's obviously an escort.
but... the nightime bartenders are nice.

My husband and I have been going here off and on for about 10 months.
Service is alright but food is pretty bland.
We had the spinach con queso and it had no flavor to it at all.
The tacos are super small and the fajitas also were pretty tasetless.
The last time we went they raised the house wine cost by almost 50%!!!!
It is ridiculous to charge $7 for a house glass of wine.
They raised a lot of their other costs and it is not even worth it.
There are so many other places to go.
Really?!?!
$7 for a house wine.
I don't think so.

After first when I heard the name I was skeptical.
The business on the inside and outside is quite nice.
It was also nice to walk into a restaurant that was busy, but still a calm atmosphere.
We were helped right away and our order (the ceasar salad and a taco salad) came out 10 mins or under after we ordered it!
:) Their salsa is phenomenal and the service was great also, nice server named Adam.
I recommend the Cesar salad.
Definitely go again.

Yum!
Had the archerra (I think that's what it's called) burrito here for lunch, it was awesome!
The margarita was good and the chips and salsa were great.
I would give it 5 stars but our server sucked, took him forever to get my water, I asked for lettuce in the burrito and didn't get any, and he forgot my side of sour cream.
The food was great though, and the prices weren't bad either.
I'd definitely eat here again.
Plus it's right down the street from sprinkles...what an excellent location!

In town building a data center for the next few months and have finally found decent Mexican food.
Food in general was flavorful and the tortilla soup was great.
Nothing too fancy, just good food.
The general staff were very attentive with great attitudes and Jessica was absolutely wonderful.
I will be back if not this week then in the weeks to follow!

This place was not good.
Not terrible, but not up to my standards.
The enchilada sauce is strangely sour tasting.
The service was alright, although the hostesses were absorbed in their own conversations.
In AZ there is no reason to go to an 'alright' Mexican food place, there are too many terrific places close by.

Papi Chulo's seems to have sorted out some of its issues since it was first reviewed.
Our service was good (even in spite of being a packed house), and the menu offered a reasonable selection of both a la carte and meal options.
But it definitely ain't perfect.
The first issue is one of image.
Papi Chulo's doesn't seem to be entirely sure what it wants to be.
The decoration is homey and elegant.
The hostess and the (I'm assuming) owner are dressed up.
The rest of the front-of-house staff is dressed like it's a coed Hooters, though, with the ladies in cutoff booty shorts and most of the men in Hawaiian shirts.
The second--and perhaps bigger--issue is the food.
It's not bad, it gives the appearance of freshness, and the meat is cooked well.
But as has been mentioned, it trends toward blandness.
Most of the food arrives from the kitchen unseasoned and without sauce.
Not quite what you'd expect from a joint advertising Mexican and Sonoran specialties.
The fresh salsas are decent and add something, but there's a whole lot of flavor missing that you can only get before or during the cooking process.
I was more than a little confused/amused by being served raw onions and peppers.
Warm tortillas, hot cooked meat, melty cotija... and stone-cold raw and crispy veggies.
Can't say I've ever had that experience before.
Can't say I want to have it again.
Our visit was topped off by our server having an emotional breakdown and subsequently either sobbing or being ultra-bitchy with you.
Yaaaay.
All in all, there are better places in Old Town to get hit on by drunk girls.
Papi Chulo's has the ingredients to make something better, but I'm not sure they've got the recipe.

We live in Scottsdale.
We were asked over the lunch rush to wait 15 min for a table.
Mine you....we have been frequent guests.
Poor service.

Nothing has worked in this location which is convenient and has good parking because each horrific incarnation at this spot is trying to be some kind of snooty, trendy place to attract the "in" crowd.
Word, the "in" crowd went bust on credit card debt.
If you want to survive, cater to real people who care about what they are eating.
I was dragged here against my better judgment while attending a meeting in Scottsdale.
The place was empty at 7pm.
That indicates there is usually a reason.
The snooty hostess seated the group but I was already smelling something I did not like.
It's an odor one finds in a Mexican restaurant that uses it's oil way too long and has other kitchen issues.
The decor is bizarre for a Mexican place and the menu is trying too hard to impress.
When I saw the runny plastic goo called chile con queso come out that several had ordered and smelled the stale chips, I actually faked a phone call to get out of there.
I had my own car and headed to a bar I know downtown that has never let me down.
The next day I polled my compadres about dinner and impressions ranged from "just ok" to "awful".
I'm indigenous Mexican and pretty hard to please so I'll let those comments tell the story, but if you want real Mexican food, go to the deli at Food City at McKellips and get a green chile burrito and some salsa quemada.
$1.29, smells good and tastes good.
Skip the $18 entrees and Papi Chulos altogether.

I'm a bit surprised by the bad reviews.
I thought the place was pretty good.
We had good service, good food and good drinks.
Not sure what else there is really.

brought fresh salsa and chips as soon as I sat down and they have a great selection of specialty margaritas.

The food- so-so at best.
The margaritas- blah.
The service was decent, and the restaurant itself is quite large, but nothing stood out as great.
My favorite thing about this place, is the name.
Unfortunately there are no actual papi-chulos in this place.

I thought the staff was super nice, friendly and attentive.
I really enjoyed the chips and the three salsas that come to the table when you sit down from mild to hot.
I was not impressed with the food.
I ordered steak fajitas and my friend a burrito.
We were both not very happy with the food.
I think they used steakums for the fajitas and my friend just said her burritos were ehhh.

Service was great when we arrive.
Very tasty frozen margarita and the chips and salsa was excellent.
But all downhill after that.
Food was sub-par.
Tacos were not very good.
My son had chimichanga which was stuffed with cheap cheddar cheese.
Beans were horrible.
Taco salad was not good either.
Cheap ingredients.
Would not go back

I Like the street tacos at this place.
Overall its just your average Mexican restaurant.
Papi's not in my neighborhood so I probably won't be going back.
There are plenty of places on my list that I'm willing to take a trek to eat at once and a while (this place won't be one of them).
Try Frank and Lupes Old Mexico.
Its close by, and the food is much better (and more reasonably priced).

The chimichanga and the cucumber margarita were pretty good.
I'd go back if I lived in the area.
One night, I saw they had a comedian in there, too.
The service was okay and very polite.
They also have a contest to eat the biggest burrito I've ever seen.
It looks pretty impossible, though.

I love this place.
Everytime I come to Scottsdale, I have to visit, a couple of times too  No matter what I try, I'm never disappointed, never!
Last night I had the chimichanga (sp?
) and it was delicious!
I felt it could have been shared but it made for a great lunch today.

Regular stop every Monday.
The best part about this place:  Great, tasty Mexican food..made the way it should be made FRESH ingredients, Papi grows his own veggies Served quickly after the order, I have left the bar to go to talk to someone, came back 10 minutes later and the food was there  They have a great Happy Hour menu, and Christina serves some awesome concoctions from behind the bar.
Never a bad drink.
Monday nights there is a FREE poker tournament there run by Dream Dealers, so its a 3 for 3.. great food, drinks and pretty girls to deal ya some poker fun!

Stopped by here over a weekend when it started warming up and I didn't want to cook lunch one day.
I love Mexican food, but with this place the salsa was the best part.
It tasted fresh and was really good.
The chips, however, weren't the kind I like...I like the super-thin, lightly salted chips that nearly break when you scoop the salsa.
These chips were super-thick.
The service was slow, but when I finally did order I got the chicken chimichanga.
It comes with the standard rice and refried beans, neither of which I care for but okay...I can leave them on the plate.
The chimi just didn't do anything for me -- too much of the tortilla, not enough inside, no cheese sauce, and basically no service for me to ask for extra guac and sour cream like I always like.
I've definitely had better chimis at other restaurants.
I've cleaned up my eating a lot, but allow myself one cheat meal a week.
This meal was it for last week and geez, what a waste.
There is a bar, but I didn't have any drinks so I can't vouch for those.

I have had 3 bad experiences at this place of business.
I walked in to make a complaint and called twice.
No one cares!
heads up.
the problem I had on the first occasion was not only was service slow but the waitress considered children (4 & 1 1/2 years of age) adults , charging an automatic % for 6 persons.
One of the children wasn't even sitting at table or high chair  Charged for adult drink for child's drink , the children were not crying or a problem.
it was late afternoon &slow as well as the service.
I met my family there didn't know there was a problem so I paid the full amount & didn't look at bill just handed son a hundred.
I went in upon finding out what happen(since my office is at the Waterfront to let the manager know) the manager(behind the bar, heard my story and ask me , "what do you Want me to do?
"  told since my family has had restaurants , I want give the owner another chance.
Went in order, grilled chicken dish, salade, 2 cocktails and tacos.
Service bad, slow, attitude, food cold.
only 3 parties in restaurant.
Called in to speak to manager or ask owners name & email.when I said, I wanted to file a complaint ,email the owner, I was hung up on.
Bartender , manager has attitude, seems uptight and not friendly every time I have gone in , there are few customers.
BAD SERVICE,BAD FOOD , ATTITUDE IS TERRIBLE OR CHARGES CUSTOMERS..
I had given up when talking to persons in a class and they told me to use YELP.
deborah

I love this place!
I'm surprised at how this low key place has a great twist on classic Mexican cuisine.
The Cucumber margaritas are highly recommended as are the blanco enchiladas(nom), street tacos w/ nopales (nom nom) and dip trio (trip nom squared).

I find it hard to take the time to write an adequate review about places that bore me so this is all I have: It's not a bad Mexican place; there's simply nothing special about it.
I had a variety of tacos and my date had a burrito.
Our entrees were very average at above average prices.

We liked the chips and salsa, the mojito, the shrimp mojo and the deep fried ice cream.
The service was good as well.
We will definitely return.

Their chips and salsa were quite good.
The chips were served warm and they provided 3 types of salsas.
I had the tostadas and they provided 3 full sized tostadas which were simply the best I've ever had in a restaurant.
My wife had a Vege Chimi which she loved.
It was light and crispy with a good mix of veges in it.
My daughter had the fish taco and beans which she enjoyed, although she didn't care for the dressing (1000 Island?
) that came in it.
We finished the meal with some Sopapillas, which were wonderful as well.
The service was warm, friendly and timely.
It's a pretty casual/comfortable place to go and we'll absolutely be back at Papi Chulo's the next time we're in Scottsdale.
Not sure what's up with some of the negative reviews, but our experience was excellent all around and the food was very reasonably priced as well.

Even with 3 stars we decided to give this place a try, big mistake.
Food was mediocre at best, the $12 margarita was good but not so as to save this visit.
Restaurant is actually nice, but they should consider revamping the menu or get someone running the kitchen that can actually prepare a decent dish.
My advice look elsewhere to have a good Mexican dinner.

The food was horrible!!
Our waiter was friendly

This place was good.
Great service and well priced menu items.
Definitely a place to hit up if you are in the area!

Weird location but never crowded and service is generally above par.
A 7 year old once sat me with more professionalism than most 18 year olds.
Chips, salsa, bbq sandwich?
tacos, burritos.

We stayed at the attached hotel and figured we'd give it a shot; totally worth it!
Not sure it'd be our scene on the weekends, but on a Wednesday night and Thursday morning, our food was fresh and tasty and our drinks were great.
Arrachera was out of this world, and the shredded beef tacos were delish.
Guac didn't seem to have any mayo, which is always a plus in my book.
Their margaritas were blended to a perfect creamy consistency, Lemon Drop Tini was sweet but subtle, and my mimosa in the morning was more than just orange juice with a splash of champagne.
Best Eggs Benedict I've had in a long time, and the eggs and bacon special had great thick cut bacon.
Super tasty.
Both servers were perfectly sweet and attentive.
As a bonus, they deliver room service and have some great gift card specials with the attached hotel that were an added perk.

We had a groupon for this place and were in the area so we decided to cash it in.
We sat at the bar.
It took a little bit for someone to notice us but after that the service was great.
The food was ok.  Not anything I would seek out again but our friends mentioned they go here for happy hour and love it so we would definitely try it again with them.
We started with the Papi's trio.
The salsa was great, the guac was great, but the queso dip was not very good.
Too much spinach.
I ordered the grilled chicken entree.
A little too much oil but nicely seasoned.
It's worth trying.

This place is ok if you have low standards for food quality.
Drinks were just so- so and but cost full price.
The fish tacos came on flour tortillas instead of corn and tasted like thousand island dressing.
The rice and bean looked like they just opened a box of rice-a-roni.
Seriously low quality ingredients dressed up to be fine food.
This place lacked enthusiasm like corporate chains often do, but not always.
I was disappointed.
The decor was nice though.
Go somewhere else if you want a good meal.

Continue to have tasty food and quickly on your table.
Enchiladas and street tacos all great.
Smiling staff and friendly.

Fish tacos were very nice.
Had the bartender make an avocado margarita that I once had at a 5 star resort in Mexico and it was just as good if not better.

Thanks to Groupon, I found this place.
We've been here several times and I don't agree with the 2 1/2 stars rating.
it's definitely not the best place I've ever eaten, but it's good.
Here's what I've had here:  Cheese Crisp - $8.99 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/papi-chulos-mexican-grill-and-cantina-scottsdale?select=vobH3MGb5ostI01qY3SeWQ#vobH3MGb5ostI01qY3SeWQ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/papi-chulos-mexican-grill-and-cantina-scottsdale?select=Fj8kmoSXVJUhF1joHVkK9w#Fj8kmoSXVJUhF1joHVkK9w Ground Beef Hard Tacos - $11.29 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/papi-chulos-mexican-grill-and-cantina-scottsdale?select=BI3NZTRm3Ignx-CLsv3DtQ#BI3NZTRm3Ignx-CLsv3DtQ Mexican Street Tacos (Steak Soft Tacos) - $8.25 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/papi-chulos-mexican-grill-and-cantina-scottsdale?select=_CcDpdhF8kOB-Qta9NL8sg#_CcDpdhF8kOB-Qta9NL8sg Steak Burrito - $11.50 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/papi-chulos-mexican-grill-and-cantina-scottsdale?select=IstAnjmDnrHP0TYMb483oQ#IstAnjmDnrHP0TYMb483oQ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/papi-chulos-mexican-grill-and-cantina-scottsdale?select=e4PNiSPBgSAnH0g39c88pg#e4PNiSPBgSAnH0g39c88pg Chicken Tortilla Soup - $7.50 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/papi-chulos-mexican-grill-and-cantina-scottsdale?select=cMLPs88zNzsNC4sRm6EHpQ#cMLPs88zNzsNC4sRm6EHpQ  All of these are pretty good, especially the Chicken Tortilla Soup, Hard Tacos, and Soft Tacos....yum!
The complimentary Chips & Salsa comes out with a mild Salsa, but if you ask they'll bring out very Spicy Salsa, which is awesome.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/papi-chulos-mexican-grill-and-cantina-scottsdale?select=s_E6fYrea1MBkOLUUwdglQ#s_E6fYrea1MBkOLUUwdglQ  The people who work here are very friendly and always welcome us with a smile.
As a matter of fact, they know that we'll start with a Cheese Crisp and Spicy Salsa so before we sit down they're already working on the order.
I like great service like this.
There's also a lot of TV's in the restaurant, so we come here for lunch on Saturday or Sunday and watch football while we eat.
Overall, it is definitely a 4 Star experience in my book.
Return Factor - 90%

Very good Mexican food...
I ordered the flank steak combo came with rice an beans with a bean sauce very delicious.
I also tried there shrimp which was even better, I was very impressed plus service is good!

Great!

We decided to try something new so Papi Chulos was it.
This should be 2 1/2 stars but couldn't give it 3.
Too many weird things happened.
So we walk in,party of 3 @10:30 a.m.
The sign on the door said open for breakfast and the hours, lunch and the hours ,dinner and the hours.
There wasn't a soul to be found but the door was open.
We had to walk into the kitchen to find someone.
Weird.
The server, Jayson, told us they close from 10:30-11:00.
Weird.
But...they would serve us.
Nice.
We had to request chips n salsa.
He was prompt about taking our order.
Food was mediocre but hot and timely.
Jayson didnt impress nor offend.
I had eggs benedict.
Meh..I've had better.
Huevos rancheros....same.
Then....the bill came.
Bloody Mary's are 8.00.
Ok, if its good so yeah...not ok.
He brought us back the wrong change to his  benefit but we caught it so no biggie.
There just wasnt anything ti bring me back.
We were the only table in there and in my opinion, that speaks volumes.

Big Mistake.
In Phoenix looking for a quick meal.
Decided to eat at the bar and service was about as slow as I have experienced in a long time.
I don;t blame the bartender, she was the only one I saw lifting a finger while everyone else stood around.
Food came before chips and  Iprobably should have filled up on the chips first.
This was not much better than fast food and lacked anything that would make me want to come back again.
Some event was going on in the room near the bar and the guy running it was loud and complaining that the night was going to suck.
I don't want to hear about business issues while I am just trying to have a quick dinner and catch a little sports.
There are many better places in the Scottdale area, don't waste your time here.

Yucky!
I ordered a bowl of pozole and it looked like red sludge.
Maybe because it was late in the day but I was shocked they let a dish leave the kitchen like that.
Either they don't know or don't care.

Great burritos!!

Not a bad choice for Mexican in this part of town.
Atmosphere is open and relaxing.
No complaints on the service, but then we were there on a sparse evening.
I had the Sizzling Enchiladas, which is a sort of enchilada/fajita hybrid.
Memorable?
Not really.
It was ok.
It's very worth the price of a Groupon, but even without it would be an ok value.
The most remarkable part of this place remains the leggy logo.

I finally managed to pop in here for lunch and was surprised at how good it was.
The place was almost empty which immediately sent up red flags (maybe typical on a summer weekday?
), but the food was actually very good.
I will try this again in the evening which I assume will be a little more festive.

Decent Mexican food, friendly service.
Chicken tacos were good, decent rice and beans.
Chips and salsa were good.

Papa Chulo's is right across the street from my work.
We come here for their great happy hour and lunch specials.
It is a good restaurant and the hh prices are fair.
I would reccommend Papa Chulo's!

Nice location, good atmosphere, friendly staff.
Shredded chicken chimichanga was good.

Used a groupon here at Papi Chulo's and it's a pretty cool place... After looking at the menu we chose to get the Nachos for our appetizer which was a great choice.
The cheese was nice and melted, the sour cream was yummy, the guacamole was good...
The jalapeños were not very hot but still good...
I chose the Sizzling Shredded Beef Enchiladas which came with rice and beans.
Wow!
So the sizzling dish is actually very yumzo!
The shredded beef is juicy and tender.
Also the rice and beans are standard rice and beans but very good too.
This was a great dish and I am looking forward to my next visit and groupon to Papi Chulos   Oh I almost forgot our server was on it as well, he wasn't over bearing but he was very tentative, nice, and just very professional.
Great job :)

Disappointed.
Not that it was bad, but I could have made this food.
No real WOW factor, and given the neighborhood, they really need one to survive long term.
The place just came off as mediocre.

4.5 would be best!
My mom and I shared the Pozole and chicken tortilla soup.
My mom also got a shredded chicken street style taco.
I think I got all cactus because I didn't like it but my mom did.
The soups were amazing!!
My mom also got a lemontini drink that was fantastic!
Our server Megan was awesome!
She recommended other good restaurants in town to try and was very attentive.

The Pollo Fresco was awesome!
The white sauce over the chicken breast complemented the rice with fajita veggies very well... the veggies had pineapple in it for a nice twist to the normal grilled variety.
The chips came with a hot fire roasted salsa and a medium salsa both with great flavor.
The Margs were weak but he server assured me it was because they were training a new bartender and to come back on a happy hour or weekend and I would luv it.
Goupon is a good deal.

Veggie quesadilla was amazing!
Perfectly spicy...and sour cream came with it!
:) Good beer, decently priced.
I'll be back if we're in the neighborhood.

Great atmosphere and friendly service.
My fiance had the #2 and I had the fish Tacos.
Food was great and it was nice to get away from the hipsters that infest old town Scottsdale.

One of the most annoying bartender's ever.
Website says $2 drafts for HH.
I mention this to clueless bartender who starts making faces like he had a bad burrito for lunch.
He wants me to show it to him on my phone, I refuse and we go back and forth for several minutes before he agrees to give me a Bud light for fore-mentioned two bucks.
Winner me, loser Papi Chulo's and their empty restaurant at dinner time.
Thinking about going back and showing Mr. Clueless the website tomorrow or pasting a copy on the front door.
Overpriced food as well.

Are lunch had fish tacos, enchiladas and rellenos with margaritas.
Food was ok drinks were not the best though lots of tequila and not other taste.

Went to play poker with Dream Dealers.
Had some appetizer thing that was tasty, but for the price, was kinda light.
(And this was a special for poker players)  Drinks were decently priced.
I wouldn't likely return, simply because it isn't convenient to where I live.

This experience is almost too funny to believe.
So I walk in to a nearly empty bar.
I go to take a seat at the bar and the actually bar is dirty.
I grab a cocktail napkin to wipe it up.
The bartender does not get a rag to wipe it up he says oh did the other person make a mess?
Then I order a beer and some chips and salsa.
He uses the dirty cocktail napkin I used to clean up bar to place under my drink.
He brings the chips and salsa no napkin nothing.
He leaves and goes who knows where.
I wait and eventually take a rolled silverware off a nearby table.
He doesn't come back until after I finish and then sets a rolled silverware in front of me and asks if I want a water.
He then gets a phone call and leaves.
Literally leaves the total bar for nearly 15 min to chat on the phone.
I could see him leaning against a window in the restaurant.
Hilarious.
This really happened.
No wonder there were only 10 people in the whole place.
Skip it.

Casual cantina/ restaurant on a hotel property.
Nothing fancy about this place!
Needs a face-lift and an improvement in standards.
The food is like Denny's and there is a truck stop feel to it... Not exactly a place ya wanna go unless you need to.
The unfiltered tap water tastes like pool water there is so much chlorine in it (from the water or the dishwasher, I dunno!
)  They are really hung up on the misogynistic "papi" thing too.
From corny shirts saying "Who's Your Papi?
" to flat out hateful ones saying "Papi Says No Gorditas" which translates to NO FAT CHICKS!!!
I am healthy and fit, but they are offending 50% of our overweight Nation!
Probably the most redeeming aspect of this place is as a good place for cheap drinks at night.
The staff was all nice, but it needs help at the top.

After driving by countless times, me and my wife decided to give this place a try.
We had high hopes.
For her, a Mexican food crazy, it was rather a 'disappointment'.
For me it was 'meh', below average.
The ambience is good 4/5.
The presentation of the food is very appealing.
Ordered a queso-dip as an appetizer, very tasty!
I ordered the combo #3, which is; 2 enchiladas and 1 taco.
Well, it failed to mention it was a cheese only enchilada and holy cheese!
I felt like I swallowed a pirelli tire for hours.
The rice and refried beans were... stale, you could say.
Server was very friendly and willing to explain.
Hate to say it, but we're still desperately looking for that one great Mexican restaurant that could curb the mexifood craving of my wife.

Excellent food and will definitely come back next year for spring training from California

Standard Mexican fare, a little pricey but it's Scottsdale near several resorts.
Went there for lunch since we were attending a training seminar nearby.
Service was okay not outstanding.
Better options in the area so I doubt I would make another trip.

This is a nice Three Star, Mexican themed watering hole.
Many of my SoCal/LA friends might know Antonio's on Melrose.
It's the only other Mexican restaurant I know that has a tee shirt concession stand inside the restaurant.
LOL.
But the similarities end there, since Antonio's is an LA institution, long before being featured on Entourage btw.
Here it's just simple Americanized Mexican food, with large goblets of Margaritas, much along the lines of a ChiChi's or El Torito's.
We came in after passing it many times and enjoyed ourselves.
Expect to pay around $25 each, including drinks, taxes and gratuities.
It may not be a gourmet place, but this gourmand enjoyed it.
So Three Stars, "A-Okay".

Chips & Salsa were the only things that were good.
Margarita on the rocks was ok, spinach dip was ok. Chese enchilada & chile relleno was ok.
Husband had a chicken chimi, he did not like it but like the beans and rice.
My friend from Canada like the beef enchilada & hard shredded beef taco.
Flan was tough.

