I love this place and have been pretty loyal and consistant about coming here for oil changes and car washes, but lately they have been soooooooooo slow.
The are usually pretty nice, but the Express Lube especially is ANYTHING other than express!
It really should not take 90 minutes to get a oil change and car wash on a Thursday afternoon!
The inside C-Store has lots of food and drinks options, but the one drink that I LOVE which is VAULT soda, they don't even carry.
They use to, but removed it.
I've asked for it back repeatedly, but I never see it.
They have 500 different kind of drinks and I can't get a super basic Citris soda from Coca-Cola?!
I lke the concept of Fabulous Freddies, but with as slow as it has been getting and the prices going higher everytime I come back, may just be enough to push me off to try something new.

Fabulous!

This is my favorite Fab Freddy's in Vegas.
The wait doesn't seem to be as long as the Boca Park location and it's much closer to my house.
They have a really spacious waiting area including a Dunkin Donuts and a Roberto's.
They have 2 computers, a big screen TV  and slot machines to entertain you while your car gets cleaned.

Love the convenience and happy people behind the counter!
Its a good feeling and it makes me want to come back when the know me by name.
It is also cool they have a Roberto's taco shop inside

The workers for the gas pumps are always on the move to help you and the fact that they have a Robertos Taco Shop was a super plus.

Since my last review I decided to up the rating here, they have really been improving in terms of speed, quality and selection.
A representative from here contacted me recently and seems to really care about their buisness and customers, and that is always much appreciated.
The lube center is much faster and efficient than they have been in the past, and the washes have been quicker too!
This is always a great and trusted place to bring your car for a wash or basic services.
Even the cashiers in the store are friendly and quick.
They even have a service now where you can get an oil change and wash while you're at work if you use the Centennial Hills Park & Ride across the street, which is super cool!
Great for people that ride the Centennial Express to work or carpool to Nellis AFB.
Keep it up Fabulous Freddy's!

What a RIP-OFF!
I have a 2012 Honda Civic that needed an oil change.
The price I was qouted was $77.
The problem is Honda only charges $29 for the same thing.
I can see you charging a little bit more but not $48 dollars more.This is ludicrous.
I have used your service for my company since you opened this location; however, with the prices you are trying to gouge us with,  I will not be using your company anymore.

Seriously, I love this place.
I come here to get my car detailed and it is always a thorough job for an affordable price.
Before discovering this place I didn't know you could get your car detailed (even the inside shampooed!
) for less than 75 dollars.
I can't remember exact prices but Freddy's is much cheaper than that.
Also, even though I am ashamed to admit this, I will say I use the people they have available to pump your gas so that you don't have to get out of the car.
Sad to say I have gotten that lazy but it's so nice to have someone do it for me for the price of a tip.

Just went in for a little gas and a carwash.
I've been to this FF many times, but it's been a while.
They seemed to have stepped up their game a little.
And rightly so if you want to get repeat business.
The young girl at the gas pump was super nice.
Offered to pump my gas, and then took my card inside to pay for gas and my carwash.
Came out and handed me a receipt and was all smiles.
Actually made my day a little better.
Took the Jeep around and the guys did a bang-up job on the basic wash with interior and tire dressing.
They spent a good 20 minutes after the wash, and when the guy called me over, he made it a point to tell me how hard he tried to get all the dust out of the vents and hard to get to areas of the dash, but if I wanted him to do anything else, he'd be happy to.
Umm....it's a Jeep.
It's usually completely coated with a layer of tan, both inside & out.
I was thrilled with how great it turned out.
Considering I only wash the ride 3-4 times per year, this is my go-to spot.
Even if it's all the way across town!

Well all my friends recommend this place so I tried it.
20 bucks to run it through the machine after he lightly sprayed it with a hose.
Once it cleared the wash a dude wiped it down quickly.
Maybe the interior wash is more detailed but not worth $20 for the outside and quick wipe.

Loves me a good oil change and car wash.
They've got a deal right now, three car washes and three oil changes for $99, like $75 savings.

Great employees and great service.
I usually come here for the car wash and they always do a great job on my car.
My only complaint is that the lane where you pay for your car washes sometimes gets a little backed up because they only have 1 person working out there.
There is a Roberto's and Dunkin Donuts inside the store, so that makes it really convenient for someone to drop their car off and grab a bite to eat.

I've gone to this location twice.
Both times getting carpets and seats clean.
The first time I was not really impressed for the price they charge.
However this time my car looked great, but I didn't appreciate waiting 2 1/2 hours for it though.
I actually had one gentleman come up and day 'wow you're still here' he apologized for the wait and told me my car would be done soon.
I'm not sure if I'll be returning.

This is right by our house and they've always been nice in here so we return because it's always pleasant service.
There's a Dunkin Donuts and a 24 hour Robertos Taco Shop inside the mini mart area as well.
I mostly end up here late at night for snacks and tacos more often than the car wash or lube service admittedly.
It's rather busy consistently, but doesn't seem extremely long of a wait compared to some car washes.
Lube shop wise, my BF prefers to go to the less busy Terrible Herbst though.
As for the Robertos, it's fairly consistent food.
I've only gotten donuts once as Dunkin is not open very late but it seemed fine to me.
Short and sweet - decent place to get snacks, your car prettied, and to gas up.
(Yelp 100 Challenge 40/100)

best service in town, pricey, but premo!
5 Star stuff here..

Friendly staff.
Above average car wash. Average store selection.
Poor parking and space, very crowded and busy.

This is one busy gas station as it's the only one around to service a very large community so the pumps are usually crowded.
However, when it gets busy, or maybe it's during certain hours, they will have some employees out there who will pump your gas for you without even having to leave your car.
Also, there is a Dunkin Donuts there and a full service carwash which is reasonably priced.
There is also a smog inspection and oil service station but I haven't been there yet.
The employees are always super friendly and will greet you when you walk in the store which is nice.
My only complaint is the lack of parking spots when it gets really busy, it's difficult to navigate with all the cars there, maybe they should open up another Fabulous Freddy's nearby?

Ive been to this Freddy's many times, but never did I receive the horrible customer service as I did today.
(Keep in mind, i got the most expensive wash, i think $44.99, with some interior upgrade)  There were some missed areas on my car that I didn't happen to catch while I was there.
I had some soda that splashed over the better part of drivers side and had been there for a little while.
I noticed that about 60% of the mess was gone, but the 40% left was rather noticeable.
I also asked that they vacuumed the trunk of the car, which was forgotten.
When I returned to Freddy's, the nice lady at the window let me go through the wash again and advised me to talk to Dan once the wash was over.
Dan... how to begin, first everything that was wrong with the car seemed to be in someway my fault and he was very condescending.
When I pulled into the detailing area he opened the passenger door and rudely asked me "what is the problem" I told him that there was the same mess on the side, the shifting column had coffee residue and the trunk was not vacuumed.
He replied with "well can you open the trunk then so i can vacuum it" with the same snide tone.
After the gentleman cleaned the door (same guy that did it originally) I noticed that there was still a couple spots left, but in the end he got it taken care of.
Dan then asked me to take a look and "see if everything is OK now".
When I was pulling away i happened to catch him say to the guy that cleaned the missed spots, "did you get the guys door clean" again in the same nasty tone.
I am surprised to see someone that is in a customer service position be so rude especially when the mistakes were on their part and the wash cost almost $50.00.
I will not be returning to Freddy's.
Sad part is its only a block or two from my house and now i have to find a new place..

I have been to this location before and it was decent but I will never go back after today.
I paid for the $19.99 car wash as I didn't have time for the top service that I usually get ( and I always tip good).
It wasn't busy, there was only one other car ahead of me at the time.
I was directed to pull up behind that car and several workers started on my car.
All seemed well until another car pulled in next to mine then all of the workers left my car, doors open, towels on the hood and went to work on the that one.
I waited for several minutes and nothing, several workers walked by it but no one paid any attention.
I finally went outside to see if it was done?
No one acknowledged me until I made a point to asking one of the female workers if it was done.
She said she didn't know did I want to go check it.
When I asked why it was just sitting there untouched she said her supervisor told them all to leave mine go take care of the other car and she just shrugged her shoulders.
By this time my temper was threatening to spill so I just went around and shut all of my car doors myself and got in and started the car, a worker grabbed the towels off the hood and I went home.
The center of the hood hadn't been wiped down and the interior was hit or miss.
There are plenty of other car wash places in town with much nicer people working there.
I'm sure they won't miss me here.

Whoever designed the parking area was either smoking crack or had no idea what was going in here.
It's always busy so they must be doing something right.
When I first moved here I thought I had struck gold.
Car wash, oil change, 24 hour convenience store and gas pump right around the corner.
Cool idea.
Really convenient.
Well sort of.
Just can't get passed the mental exercise of getting in and out of there.
Nowadays I just drive on by.
No prob with the service and the staff is great.
But just don't like having to fight to get to them.

Dreadful, I thought hard about returning with my new car this past time I went, the previous time my SUV was "cleaned" by unfriendly staff and it was so bad I returned home and cleaned it myself.
This past time I returned reluctently thinking the previous time was an "off day" for them, I returned with a week old car on a Monday...mid day...not busy.
It took 50 minutes to clean my car, the staff at one point were all screaming about a "big ass bug" they found in my car....when I was called to my car the interior was as I had left it...there were dusty paw prints still on my leather interior from my three dogs, the dash had not been wiped down, there was trash that had been moved from the passengers side and HIDDEN under the seat.
I called a manager to discuss, I got a supervisor who said the car looked clean to him....I pointed out the dusty paw prints and trash and he grumbled and groaned as he wiped it down about me being "Too Picky.
" FABULOUS!
It was a week old car, at best all that was needed was some vacuming and some wiping down, its not a big car its a mini cooper...
I would expect better.

I had my truck washed here.
After I got through the washing area the manager asked me if I had any special requests.
I asked if he could have the soap soaked out of the tail bed area.
There were 3 people working on my truck at the same time.
They tok care of the tail bed and then they did my tires and inside area.
They did a great job and would have gotten a 4 stars rating if they were not on there cell phones the entire time they were working.
I was there in all roughly 1 hour.
Nice job Fab.
Freds

This was the one of the worst car wash ever.
I am actually spending more money to clean the crap they put inside my car.
I get cleaned better in los angeles for $15 inside & outside with coating on plastic.
Not only I paid $10 more, they didn't even care that i had 5 semi dried berries on top of the car.
Managers were even worst.
I really don't like the way they do business.
If you can't manage your teenager employees to do good job don't hire them.
Very important thing, IF you get your car washed here you will definitely clean it again when you get home.
I have never felt this cheated since someone broke into my apartment and stole my laptop.
Also they didn't lock my floor mats which slipped while I was driving.
Thanks Freddy.

I took my uncles hummer h2 here and got gas for $3.09 after I purchase a carwash at the pump (without car wash $3.29)on 11/13/13 and I even purchase the Full Service Best Wash for $40 and it include:  *slip stream  *wheel bling *weather shield *dash & console & 4 door Dressings *inside windows *vacuum *air fresher *48 hour clean car guarantee *triple foam polish *clear coat protectant *tire shine & rim brighter *undercarriage rinse      They did an excellent job and I told them I was going to home goods which is in the same shopping center and they told me the would call when they were done and they called me.
They even offer a rewards program and you get a free drink after 10 drink purchases.
I love these guys.
I wish they had them In Ohio.

I love their full-service car wash.  You can get everything done here, and I think I'll start to.
I got both of my cars washed the other night, and they did an awesome job.
You go through the car wash to get the outside sparkling clean, and then they do the inside while you get to shop inside.
I took my kid inside to get the all-important icee and had time to check-in too.
I'm going to use my check-in special for next time.
They also do oil changes there, so I think I'll go.
You can really make a day of it at this place, and there's a lot of great shopping nearby to keep you busy while they work on your vehicle.

Lounge with lazyboy®-type chairs; check.
Television; check.
Roberto's and Pinkbox Doughnuts; check, check.
Coconut water for merely 2$ (.5 liter); check.
What more does one require?
I have never gotten a car washed here (and probably never will).
I do not purchase petro here (it appears to be obscenely overpriced).
And I do not care for motor oil changes.
The staff is friendly, the convenience of the location optimal for anyone frequenting the RTC Park & Ride, and since there is hardly anything else remaining to be stated: I am a fan.
- E  Postscript.
There are PC terminals in the lounge as well.
Never used them but I have noticed children playing on them, so I am sure they work.
YMMV.

Love this place but absolutely hate the design of the place.
Always too crowded parking lot.
You have to fight for a pump or parking spot.
Convenient.
Got a car wash several times as recently as yesterday.
They need to pay more attention to detail on the inside.
You literally have to get in your car and inspect because if you don't, you will be made by the time you drive off.
Before you leave you have to make them redo your car.
They will do it but you shouldn't have to do that.

Get ALL of the details on the car wash coupon deal BEFORE you purchase.
What you buy is not what they describe when giving you the sales pitch.
First thing this morning, we realize that some young punks with nothing better to do have gone around the neighbor hood and egged cars.
They got both of ours, so we headed over to Fabulous Freddy's.
I have been a customer of the FF Car Wash for years, but have never had a wash at this location.
We roll up and the car wash gal tells us they are having a special.
Get 12 car washes for the price of eight and today's is free.
I pay the $92.00 for my eight washes, and get a coupon book for what I believe is 12 washes.
WRONG!
The book was for ten washes.
Today's was not free, it was one of the 12.
That still leaves eleven, right?
Wrong again.
Apparently the twelfth wash is mailed to you.
I guess the problem here is the way it was presented.
Kind of misleading.
She made sure to push the Christmas angle and say they would make great gifts.
Kind of hard to give it for a gift, if you have to wait for it to come in the mail.
The first wash turned out ok.
However, when I took the second vehicle, the second wash was not so good.
I didn't realize until I got home, there was still an abundant amount of egg on the bumper and back door.
UNACCEPTABLE.
I have never had a bad experience at Fabulous Freddy's until today.
This location did not impress me with their first impression.
This experience fell well short of Fabulous.
I will visit again, as it takes a lot to get me so worked up I won't return, but I won't soon forget.
Previous experiences keep me from leaving a one star rating.

I'm from Cali and I never had to drive through the wash myself even when it is on the conveyor belt!
This was a new experience.
I mean it's automatic anyways.... Why do I need to sit in my car through the drive.
And it wasn't even hand washed!
Just the beginning the guy washed my windows with a stick and that's it...
The rest was machine wash!
Then I had to drive myself to the drying station.
Didn't know if I had to get out of the car or not.
I waited inside the waiting area...
They had about 3-5 people working on my tiny mazda.
Saw that they were done with my car but no worker said anything so I'll just wait till they come and get me inside...
The interior looks good and oiled up!
The floor was clean but not clean enough!
It still had dirt and shoe  prints (came from my Charleston).
My rear window had their finger prints everywhere.
The exterior was 3 out of 5 cuz my door handle was dirty.
My side mirrors had water marks still.
The window was still wet!
Omg how can this be a detailed car wash!
Paying $25 for the fabulous special...self drive car wash NOT HAND WASH!
Not happy!
Too expensive for the same price that I can get full 100% hand wash, detail and hot wax!

See my tips below!
Is as just there I could of done better with soap and water myself then paying for this crap

Great quick service...
Depending on who you get whether they pay attention to detail.
I always get VIP wash as I've got the more expensive ones and don't really see tooooo much of a difference.
VIP for $20 and if you check in, get an instant $3 off!

Love all the staff here!!!
They r kind, fun and helpful!!!
Emily is Seuss there with a smile!!
I wish I could remember more of the others named because they really r great!!!
I am there twice a day for my rockstarr and smokes and love the car wash too!!
They even take off my antenna for me!!!
I'm a shorty....
Thanks a bunch Freddy's staff!!

I really wish there was a close alternative to this fabulous Freddy.
When you pay $23 for car wash plus a $5-$6 tip you expect everything to be done.
I'm not talking a full detail, but I expect there to be clean carpets and no streaks on the car and the windows wipe down thoroughly.
I cannot understand why every time I go here I have to ask for these things to be done.
And when I do, I get attitude from every employee including supervisors.
On the positive side they are not thieves, as I've experienced at other carwashes around town and everybody for the most part is friendly and in a good mood.
After specifying what needs to be finished, I do roll off the lot with a very clean car.

The staff is great!
The gas prices are high but if you're getting a car wash make sure to sign up for their card and you get lower gas prices.
Oh and don't forget that they are full sevice.
Let the staff pump your gas on those hot days.

Always nice people here!
Pretty fast full service carwash (even on busy days) comfortable waiting area indoor & out!
Tv is always on sports Bonus!

Tried this car wash a couple times a year ago and was not happy with their service.
Today I decided to give them another try.
I got the highest level car wash which was $34.99.
I was reminded why I stopped going here and why I will never go back.
After completing the car and upon my inspection I discovered they didn't even vacuum the rear interior or bother to wipe the seats.
The manager was apologetic and had it redone.
I drove away without re-inspecting but looked at the back interior when I got a block away and was amazed they still hadn't  wiped the interior.
There was still dirt all over the seat trim.
I took the car back and they lazily whipped it down.
Still marginally clean I left in frustration and will never return.
I've talked to a few people today who say they've tried this car wash and were disappointed.
Don't waste your money or time here.

I chose the basic exterior wash for $9.99.
It did a very good job but nothing fancy.
They helped me sign up with their Freddy card right there, so that I could then get an additional $0.20 per gallon discount.
Awesome!
If I lived in Vegas, I would use it more often.

Their car wash service is good.
I've never had a problem.
There's always a hundred kids out there working hard to clean your car.
They did skimp on the air freshener for a little last year by handing out these crappy plastic sticks that did absolutely nothing, but after a few complaints they finally brought back the christmas tree air fresheners.
(really??
you make hundreds and thousands of dollars a day on your car wash service, I think you can afford to provide your customers with a decent air freshener)  However, it seems as though every time you bring your car there now they are telling you how there is something wrong with your windshield.
A crack, a scratch, when there is obviously nothing there.
They've stated this my husband and I so far, in which my windshield had no cracks or scratches unless they were the ones to make it.
This hasn't just happened to us either, we have overheard them telling several other clients the exact same thing.
Insurances pay for windshields to be fixed for free, so beware car washers, they just want your insurances money.

Courteous staff and quick service.
Used the Yelp discount special and had car waxed for $20, not too shabby.
Third time at the location.
The store is filled with all sort ls of stuff, drinks, and food.
There is a donut shop and a taco place.
A waiting area with a TV, tables, and chairs are in the store.
Most of the car cleaning techs are on it.
Although, they appear young and most are attentive and pay attention to wiping down the car.
Others just are just talking too much and are not paying attention and miss wiping the car in places, esp.
When wiping off the wax and windows.
I will most likely come back as a customer.

