If you like Indian / Pakistani food, you need to eat here.
They just opened up in January 2010 and are related to the Shalimar's in the SF Bay Area.
The Shalimar's in the Bay Area all have 300+ reviews and are really good.
http://www.yelp.com/biz/shalimar-san-francisco  Chicken Leg / Chicken Breast are great - 5/5  Kabli Channa ( chickpeas in a curry) are amazing - 5/5 Chicken Kofta ( Chicken Meatballs are really good) - 5/5 It is pretty hard not to go wrong.

Okay, this restaurant is next to the salon I work at, and i have to say I was hesitant to go in because of the way it looks.
It's not dirty at all, but it's very plain...from what I've been told they just opened this place earlier this year.
Had the food and it was pretty darn good!
I ordered the Kabli Channa, Chicken Tikka Masala and the Naan bread.
Yum.
Yum.
Yum.
The prices are TOTALLY affordable.
LOVES!

I'm giving this place five stars for the food!
This is truly excellent Pakistani cuisine.
And the prices are great (for example, several $5.95 veg entrees).
Our party of four ordered chicken tikka masala that was spicy and had a thick gravy - we cleaned that up!
The dal masala was differently made than we've ever had in that the lentils were whole instead of pureed.
It made a very nice texture, plus the flavor was gooood!
We also ordered eggplant and a mixed veg dish - both had hearty chunks of vegetable and were nicely spiced.
Oh and the garlic naan was so hard to stop eating!
I think this is a family owned place, but we didn't feel too much love from anyone..  the decor of the place is really simple and drab too (but clean).
But if you just close your eyes and concentrate on the food, I think you'll be in masala heaven!

Going to have to buck the Yelp trend a bit here and rate this one 2.5 stars overall.
Others have commented about the lack of ambiance here and I'll have to agree.
The restaurant is very plain and we went our tablecloth was a bit dirty and there was a vaguely unpleasant smell in the air.
The smell was probably just an unfortunate combination of spices and foods from the kitchen, but this could really do with being closed off from the serving area, not only to prevent a medley of odors, but so the diner isn't deafened by clattering of pots and pans and so on.
I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, garlic naan, pappadums, the basmati rice, and water for my beverage.
Instead of the usual Indian restaurant theme of refreshingly iced water topped up the second I sip from my glass, I was surprised to be presented with a single bottle of Kroger water which I had to sip sparingly lest I have to shell out another dollar for another.
The pappadums were OK, but unremarkable, not unlike the pre-made ones you get from Indian grocers and then stick in the microwave for 45 seconds.
Instead of the usual bowls of mint or cilantro chutney and tamarind chutney these came accompanied by a couple of roadhouse diner style squeeze bottles filled with some sort of condiments.
Both were extremely runny, almost a water consistency, one seemed to taste vaguely of tamarind and I couldn't identify the other.
My Garlic naan was the highlight of my meal and had that certain mix of denseness and crispness that's the hallmark of a good garlic naan.
The rice was pretty good also, cooked with saffron and ghee and very plentiful for just a couple of bucks.
The main meal, my Chicken Tikka Masala was just ok - the chicken was of good quality and well cooked, but the sauce lacked a certain deft touch and was a little aggressive as the spices didn't all blend together quite how I like.
I'd be very happy if I had cooked this up myself at home, but it's a notch below what I expect at a restaurant.
The people running this place were very friendly, but it was a rather odd experience.
At around 8PM we were the only people in the restaurant and it was a little strange and awkward having the guy sitting there in the tiny restaurant 15 feet from us while we ate.
One thing in Shalimar's favour is the prices - they are very decent.
We didn't hold back on breads and rice and things and our entire meal for two (including bottled water) came to just over $25.
This is the sort of place I could imagine myself coming to regularly for a cheap lunch if I worked in the area and was limited in where I could travel on my lunch break.
The food is good enough and cheap enough to eat again.
For a dinner out; however, the atmosphere here is little above that of a food court and the food is only a few points above mediocre.
Worth a look for the price, but go in with low expectations.

I give this place 3.5 stars.
The food was pretty tasty, so it is very difficult for me to take off stars, but  the ambiance and the water issue was large enough for me to take off the stars.
Let me explain: Upon entering this establishment at lunch time, there was no one there, except for a middle-aged couple (I guess the owners?
) who didn't greeted us haphazardly and had us sit whenever we wanted; The ambiance gets about 1.5 stars at most (and this is due to the nice burgundy table cloths, otherwise there will be no stars).
The place looked clean enough, but not appealing.
The artwork was of posters in super faded colors, and looked as though it was purchased from Saver's.
Did not visit the restrooms, but imagine they were just as boring and unassuming.
Once we were seated, we were given laminated green menus that looked very cheap and unattractive.
Tables are covered in plastic over the tablecloth, which skims the knees and looked a little dirty.
Again, very unappealing.
There is a cash register on a very medicinal looking counter and a coca-cola cooler next to the check out counter--very unappealing once again.
We were brought Kroger bottled water upon requesting "water with lemon.
" My friend did say not to expect lemon, but I did expect nice, refreshing water in an average glass with ice, instead I got Kroger bottle water ($1 each).
My friend asked: "Can we please have free water?
" at which point the server/owner brought a pitcher and two styrofoam cups for us.
Upon taking a swig of water, I almost threw up.
It was THAT bad.
The water tasted like it came out of the sink of dirty dish water, literally.
I think the previous yelper who commented about Shalimar possibly having plumbing issues was onto something.
I called the server/owner over and told him that this water was undrinkable, at which point he exclaimed "the water is bad here, I told you it's no good here.
" Take it how you may...
I am glad that I waited for the food, although I was very close to walk out judged by this water incident and by the decor.
The food was good.
My eggplant dish was delicious and so was onion naan.
My friends' lamb dish tasted a little reheated, but tender at the same time, she liked it, but I didn't really care too much for it.
Lamb is best eaten freshly cooked.
The rice had a variety of colors and was a little too oily, also tasted reheated, but not bad.
Bottled water was as you would expect  :) .
Service was very good, as expected since we were the only people there.
The owners/servers were very friendly and very helpful with my food allergy concerns and ingredient questions.
Especially the female owner.
The male owner was a little grouchy at times.
We continued on being the only people there for the entire visit.
The owners did remark that they are very busy at night, which I had a little hard time believing, but good for them.
I love mom/pop places having success in their endeavors.
Prices are good here, especially for vegetarian and vegan dishes.
I found out that many vegetarian dishes are, in fact, vegan which is rare in Indian cuisine.
As the owner explained, they are Pakistani and use much less dairy than the Indian cuisine.
Kudos for that.
Bottom Line: I will go to Shalimar again in the future if I'm craving Pakistani food.
I will order vegetable dishes and naan only and drink the $1 bottled water.
I will stay away from lamb/meat dishes and rice.
I will smile and converse with the owners, but I will not like the decor or the water problems.
Too bad I couldn't rate this higher, but this water issue and the decor, plus reheated lamb taste prevented me from doing so.

This was probably the worse experience I have ever had at a Pakistani/Indian restaurant.
There was one person there running the front.
He didn't speak English.
We were lost for about an hour and I had to call him three or more times because I just did not understand a word he said.
I only picked up 'food maxx' and went to two different ones until I found it.
Ordering was not any easier.
We just werent able to communicate properly.
The food wasn't bad but defiantly could have been better.
There was no complementary chutney, tea or anything.
we asked for some, it was brought to us and then when receiving the reciept we realized we were charged for literally everything.
The guy even miscounted the tea and charged us more than we had.
We had asked for some water.
The guy told us to get it ourselves.
My sister told him, he's the waiter, he's supposed to bring us water.
He laughed and went inside and brought us water.
The guy gave us a hard time with everything we asked for until we just got up and got it ourselves with things such as napkins.
They even had items on their menu that they didn't have.It was just a bad experience all together.
Definitely don't recommend it to anyone.

On a stop over for the night in Vegas I wanted some REAL food (we cant stand the strip) So thanks to yelp we found this place.
It was just like our local Indian place we frequent at home.
Small and not fancy but the food was WONDERFUL!
some of the best we have had.
If you are in Vegas and want some great Indian home cooking this is the place!

Really enjoy the spice, value and portion here.
Self-serve chai is always a plus.
Have eaten there twice now, and the same dishes were consistent and it is refreshing to see reasonably priced a-la-carte naan ($1.50) and rice ($2.95 for a very big mound on an oblong plate - enough for 2 persons.
) Sidenote: Pet peeve is when restaurants 'getcha' on the sides that you depend on, like rice, miso soup, etc.
Some of the worst offenders in my experience have been China Grill at Mandalay Bay ($7 bowl of white rice), Gaylord India at Rio ($7 plate of white rice), Nobu Matsuhisa locations ($5 for small cup of miso soup), Olive Garden ($4 for a side of marinara sauce to go with your free breadsticks).
Most of these 'getchas' show up on your bill by surprise.
Back to the curry at hand: Shalimar serves up quality, cheap and generous vegetarian curries (the eggplant masala and mili juli(sp?
) mixed vegetable curry and yellow dal are all top tier) and the Chicken Tikka Masala is excellent as well.
We ordered everything "medium-hot" and it came out spicy but not stupid spicy.
Spice is dialed in with experienced hands in the kitchen over at Shalimar.
No flavors were ruined with too much spice here.
And the flavors are complex and different in every dish.
This is important because sometimes I swear that when we are at an unfamiliar Indian restaurant and we order 4 different dishes, they use the exact same curry base in 3 of them, hoping we don't notice.
Not the case here.
Shalimar makes each dish with singular care.
Food is basically 5-stars in my book, but the lack of ambiance (i.e.
fluorescent lights) brings it down a star.
Certainly not a first (or second) date kind of place.
Instead you will see husbands and wives, families and groups of friends.
We're going to sit in view of the kitchen next time so we can see the behind-the-scenes.
I really like eating here.
It's a nice flavor change-up from our other favorite Indian spots such as Mint Indian Bistro, Namasté, Rani's World Foods Thali counter, and the Indian counter at the Riviera Food Court.
Warm-up note: both times we've had enough left over for lunch for two the next day.
Upon opening the to-go box out of the fridge, the curry has a healthy viscosity without any sign of ghee-ponding or crusting.
Less ghee = less butter = OK to eat when craving

One word.
REHEATED FOOD.
Oh thats 2 words.

I searched all over Vegas for a very good Indian Restaurant.
Finally i found this place.
The Best Biriyani is Las Vegas.
Best Indian Curries in Las Vegas.
Best Indian Bread in Las Vegas.
Cons: Poor Service.
Unfortunately Server's don't Speak Good English.
Typical Indian/Pakistani social behavior.
(More Casual).
Westerners may find it uneasy.
Owner will feel more comfortable if you know Hindi :-)

Dined on July 3rd, 2012  + Delicious made-to-order food + Dirt cheap, as compared to other Indian restaurants in the area + Clean restrooms + Spacious dining tables.
You will be glad when you have ordered multiple items + The host was fluent in English  - Service is slow, probably because the food is cooked to order - The place is HOT!
I do not know why the AC was not working  We dined here on a sweltering Vegas evening.
The place was hot but was offset with good quality food, easy on spices and oil.
I found the food to be under-salted but that is any day better than being served over-salted food.
We ordered the following: - Chicken Curry - Best of the lot.
Enough for two people - Malai Kofta - Easy on the cream and very delicious.
Enough for two people - Goat Biriyani - Low on oil, wish it had a little more salt to begin with - Naan - Soft and delicious - Rotis - Give it a miss...was almost as crunchy as a poppadom  They ran out of ice and we had to wait, while the owner had to rush out to get the ice.
By the time he came back, we had paid and were about to leave.
He explained the situation and apologized for the delay and thanked us for visiting Shalimar.
Nice guy.

Amazing Pakistani food.
Best chicken kabob i have ever eaten in my life!
be careful its spicy.

Very good quality food, made fresh to order and extremely affordable.
Rather small inside, but personal and laid back.
The garlic naan and mango lessi were extremely good, and we really enjoyed the Biryani, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Bangab Bharta (eggplant).
In the corner of a strip mall, so it is a little hard to find, but definitely worth the effort for authentic food at great prices.

Place is little old may be thats the reason most people get negative feelings before they try the food.
Only thing me and my family care about the quality and most vegas indian restaurant dont have modern decorations.
They all look indian to me..
But this place as much as i want to give them 4star, taste of their food change my mind to 5.
Love their Goat (mutton) Biriani and Lamb vidaloo.
I know even you turn on the air condition in vegas, most places still hot inside and this place has the same problem.
we always try this place.

Not gonna lie, I was hoping for a good meal here, and I feel bad putting them down because they made everything to order, but it was mostly bland, oily, and nothing special.

Solid not spectacular.

The food here is amazing and very authentic and reminds me of the food my aunties made for me growing up.
To me, it is hands down the best Pakistani/Indian/South Asian food in town.
However, I do have to agree with other reviewers about the interior, but I always get carry out and enjoy all of their delicious dishes in the comfort of my home.

For authenticity, flavor, & value this place can't be beat.
The atmosphere is very plain but if you want to treat your taste buds, eat here.
Very sparse on ambiance but the food is worth it.

Oh man, the interior of this place needs a Gordon Ramsay make over.
It kind of looks more like an office rather than restaurant.
I ordered take out, and the food was surprisingly delicious.
Bhuna gosht and Daal masala were great with the garlic naan.
The basmati rice (ordered seperately) was also very flavorful.
If anything, the lamb was slightly overpriced for the portion.
This place needs more customers!!
Gotta try it!

Average Indian food.
I've had a lot of Indian food and this is probably one of my weakest experiences ever.
This place is in a little strip mall in the Food 4 Less shopping center.
The service was below average at best and I had to call a guy over a couple of times just to order and for the check.
Other than that and the delivery of my order these guys never came back.
They were out of chicken breast.
I ordered the Korma which was decent but two legs with hardly any meat - it might as well have been a vegetarian dish.
Also, the prices are not that great.
As I'm not from Vegas maybe this is inexpensive compared to others.
$9.99 for dish, $3 for rice, $2.50 for garlic naan, $1 for bottle of water (not explained that it was additional charge - I just ordered water).
Upon leaving the host didn't even look up as i walked out.
I visit Vegas frequently but can say that Shalimar will not be on a planned stop in the future.
There are many other good options.

There are 2 things I look for here in Vegas,  1- I'm always on the look out for restaurants that are NOT attached to a casino.
And 2nd- the quality of the food (which believe it or not - is very hard to find in Las Vegas).
I've had so many bad meals at restaurants here.
I found this place the other day and it was so nice to have some real good ethnic food.
I will definitely be back as there is a whole menu of items to try!

Food was amazing!
They spiced everything perfectly and looooved their garlic naan.
The wait staff was fast and friendly and gave us some good menu recommendations.
If you want a good place that is not a tourist trap and is off the strip, this is the place to try.
The only reason they did not get five stars is because the inital scent was a little unpleasant.
It won't stop me from returning, but it does not give a good impression to future customers

Food was ok but service was not.
Had to wait almost 10 minutes for someone to come take our order, even thou d restaurant was empty, only my family and one other couple in d restaurant.
Once food was ordered, it took 30 mins for dinner and no one since came to check on us.
They definitely need customer service update.

I love Indian food and was looking for it in Vegas.
A friend suggested me of this wonderful place.
I loved the atmosphere there.
Nice and clean place especially the kitchen.
The staff was so lovely and helpful.
My friends and I ordered chicken breast, chicken biryani, chicken tikka masala and okra.
We got our food exactly after 15 minutes.
The best Indian food I ever ate in Vegas.
The price was reasonable.
I highly recommend going there if you want to have a real authentic Indian food .

I couldn't tell if it's spices or bathroom smells (or both!
), but they could use some better ventilation here.
The restaurant is small and unassuming; decor/atmosphere simple and functional.
Had the Chicken Tikka Masala and Goat Karahi, with rice of course.
The goat was overly tough by my standards, but the sauce was alright.
The spices were clearly visible and had nice chunks of ginger in it.
The Chicken Tikka Masala felt fairly standard, with the chicken being on the dry side.
Bottom line: Not the greatest, but works in a jiff if you're super hungry.
Oh, if you order water, they'll give you bottled water.
Specify if you want (free) iced water.

Food not spicy at all, horrible slow service, did not feel welcome at all, rude employee!
overpriced, overall an experience no one should ever have!

My Indian friend insisted on taking me and our mutual friend here for some "authentic" Indian food for dinner one night.
He ordered everything for us: goat biryani, goat karahi, chicken tikka masala, naan, and mango lassi (x3).
I personally do not enjoy eating goat because I find it to be too tough and at times "gamey" so I wasn't looking forward to our meal!
Luckily, I was pleasantly surprised by the goat karahi- it was tender and pretty tasty!
The chicken, however, was dry, tough, and the sauce was gritty.
The biryani was just alright.
This place is bone-in, if that matters to you.
Sometimes I prefer places without because I just hate biting down on gristle or little pieces of bone, but I know the bones add more flavor.
Also, the naan was just eh.
I love a good fluffly naan, but this one was hard on one side and not so fluffy (not a great description, but what counts is that it wasn't the same).
This place is okay, but I don't think I'll go out of my way to visit again.
Maybe I can't handle "authentic" Indian food haha.
I'm still searching for the "perfect" Indian restaurant in Las Vegas!

I keep trying to convince myself that this place is appealing, because sometimes the food is great.
But the current environs are grimy, crusty, and damn it - the bathroom is kind of gross.
Just not a good dining experience.
Get your food to go if you choose to eat it.
The energy in this place is depressing, and the contractor-grade fluorescent lights only accentuate the details at night.
Some dishes are excellent still: Eggplant Masala, Mili Juli, Mixed Vegetable Curry, Yellow Dal, Chicken Tikka Masala.

If you want authentic and not over the priced Pakistani cuisine, this place is one of the best in Las Vegas.
I lived in Islamabad, Pakistan for  8 years and my dad is Pakistani.
We love to come her for some home made Pakistani food.
They have come a long way with the decor and are a family business.
The son sometimes works the cash register, mom helps cook in the back, and the dad helps manages & serves.
Other places can say they are a Middle Eastern restaurant, but this place really takes you there at an affordable price.

I don't know what the other negative reviews are talking about.
This place is AWESOME!!!
The food is delicious and the employees are the best!
I try to come at least once a week.
Try the Murghi Korma Shahi, Chicken Biryani and Naan.
It's the best!!!
Followed up with some Masala Tea to cap it off  MMMMMM nothing better in Vegas.
The prices are very reasonable.
I can't wait to go back for more.

I love indian food, they have really good Chicken tandoori, there service is nice.
There food is amazing I love going there, there prices are really reasonable.
I love going there because there prices are a lot better than other indian restaurants.

Note: this is my cultural cuisine.
The food here is definitely the best and most authentic Pakistani food in Vegas and infact defiantly one of the best I have had in the US and I have been to all in Socal, DC, northern virginia, Houston etc.
Now the ambience is bad, it's a run down hole in the wall and can be construed as very depressing.
It's irrelevant to me because I'm here for the food.
So the 5 star rating is for the food.
Their chicken tikka is amazing!
Self serve chai is always a plus!

The food was terrible slow timing.Bad waitress also.
This was the exact timing [2:43 coming time 4:57 leaving  time .

Best desi food in Las Vegas I'm from California and we have a lot Pakistan restaurant's ,but this is by far the best food I've ever had.

Just one word: Amazing.
I went there for dinner and the food was delicious.
big portion and price very reasonable.
I will definitely plan to come back there for my next trip to vegas.

This place is DELICIOUS and the staff make you feel like family!
The garlic naan is sooo yummy :-)

If you're vegetarian this place is not for you.
The food sucks.
I can make better veg byrani and paneer tikka masala at home.
I gave one star for naan roti.
Least they got that correct.
I would not come here again.
I was expecting good food similar to Shalimar in northern California.

Let's face it, Pakistani and Indian people are not the cleanest of cultures.
I don't mean to be unkind but it is the truth.
Typically they do not keep their restaurants clean.
I would like to know if this is the same owner as the Shalimar that used to be on Paradise Rd.
next to Ruth's Chris Steak House?
That Shalimar location closed many years ago and was absolutely the best.
I HAVE NEVER EATEN HERE

Very tasty food is served at this hole-on-the-wall.
If you like spicy they'll make it spicy!
My pain-in-the-arse, whiter-than-white friend ordered a dish and when it came she didn't like the look of it.
The servers here took it back and made her something custom!
No charge for the returned dish.
My chicken tikka masala was just right and I love the rice they serve.
The garlic nan is so huge 1 order is good for 2 people.
Unlimited self-serve chai!!!!
Yum.
Great prices, authentic food, casual place off the strip.

If you are looking for good Indian food in Vegas that is not pretentious, this is definitely a great bet.
The chicken tikka and nan are fantastic.
I haven't had a chance to try anything else yet but I will definitely be coming back and will update my review.

I fell in love with this place from the first bite of food.
I do not eat meat and they have a wide variety of veggie dishes.
Everything tasted fresh and amazing!
The naan was soft, warm and freshly made.
The rice tasted so similar to the Persian rice I am used to so I devoured that LARGE and do I mean LARGE serving they prepare for you.
Ordering over the phone for pickup is a little difficult because of the language barrier, but it is well worth the food.
I have never sat down to eat so I do not know about waiter service.
The place seemed clean, and they have a tV to watch when you are patiently waiting for your order to be ready!

