This is one of the best DD locations in town so far.
The staff is courteous and drive-thru service is fast.
The breakfast sandwiches and coffee are really good, in addition to the donuts.

I give props to this Dunkin for being the first one to make an iced coffee that I didn't want to spit back out.
You've got a certified barista back there.
Thank you for the endless donuts every morning on my most recent trip.
It's of course a little better when you live in an area that doesn't have Dunkin... so it'd likely be 2-3 stars otherwise.
Oh well.

I love dunkin donuts.
Their selection is great and they are located throughout the city.
I love krispy kreme just as much but they have no locations anywhere, so if I need a few dozen donuts for my team members at work, I have no choice but to stop in at dunkin donuts.
I am always very happy with their variety, quality and price.
I'm not a fan of their coffee though

Been on a mission to go to a Dunkin Donuts; because there is none in SoCal and mission accomplished!
I've heard so much about their iced tea so finally I got a chance to try it.
Got myself a sweetened peach iced tea and I have to say its pretty amazing.
If you have not gotten a chance to try their sweetened ice tea make sure you grab yourself one.
They have a few different flavors if you're not a peach fan.
Other flavors they have are raspberry and blueberry.
You can also get it unsweetened as well.

Long line at nearby Starbucks do went to DD for a frozen ice tea lemonade.
Cashier kept asking me to repeat the order, although there was a huge poster in the window hawking it.
Order filler brought out a cup of brown liquid and said "here's your ice tea.".
I asked about the lemonade part.
He asked the cashier if that was what I had really ordered.
(I was the only customer at 9 am.
) Confirming my order, he returned in a bit with a lighter colored beverage.
I took a sip outside and spit it out.
It tasted like Lysol.
Bad fake lemonade.
I threw the mess out.
Yuck.

I love dunkin donuts especially the chocolate munchkins' ...mmmh drool But the service here was not inviting.
(lose a star).
The breakfast sandwiches does not appease my taste buds and the prices for what their worth is not worthy.
Overpriced)  The drive-thru service was slow like slowpoke from pokemon, (12minutes that I waited for 6 munchins & there is no one in front of me?!
) If it wasnt my love for those chocolate & glazed munchins I wouldnt be coming back to dunkin donuts.

Boston in Vegas!
Dunkin Donuts is a very popular east coast establishment based on their coffee and donuts.
Thankfully, there are now plenty in Las Vegas to keep us East Coast Eaters very happy!
Their normal staple of donuts is always fulfilling; however, each week they change out their selection with limited ones or ones listed as the managers special.
These guys even had a New England Patriots doughnut at one time.
The staff is very friendly and fast.
I have come when no one was there and I have come when it was insanely crowded----each time has been very quick and efficient.
If you do not feel the time to walk in a wait, they also have a drive through that expedites some time on weekday mornings.

Very disappointed.
My husband went to get us Dunkin Donuts.
Not only did they not have anything we wanted, but when my husband brought me my Bavarian Kreme donut, it was nothing like any Bavarian Kreme I've ever had.
Plus their donuts are expensive.
I am going to stick to my $.98 Bavarian Kreme from Albertsons.
Bye bye Dunkin.

Per chi ama le ciambelle!
La mia favorita è la Chocolate Glazed :-))

Dunkin, your 99cent medium iced coffees were heaven sent.
Please bring them back.

This is my spot for grabbing a hot coffee on the way to class after work.
Not sure why, but the coffee in the morning at two other Dunkin' Donut locations is just better.
Maybe the coffee is fresher?
In any case, it's still pretty good coffee, a convenient location, and fulfills my late afternoon caffeine fix.
Thank you Dunkin'!

I love them.
I like DD in general, but I love this location.
The staff is friendly and many of them know me, if not by name, at least by face -- even though I'm not a daily customer (I'll drop in a couple times per month on my way to UNLV).
I love DD coffee.
It's delicious and very well priced.
AND, you can add flavor to it.
The seasonal flavors are often fun (mint chip, cookie dough), but the "every day" flavors are delicious on their own.
I rarely eat the donuts, but that has nothing to do with their quality, I just rarely eat pastry.
When I do eat them, they are tasty.
On occasion, I will grab one of the breakfast sandwiches -- I also love those.
They are so terribly unhealthy, but they are also delicious.
Sometimes I try to give myself an excuse to have a sausage, egg and cheese on a toasted sesame bagel.
I'm not sure why they started branching out into all of these other foods, but as I haven't tried any of them, I'm not going to judge.
I am curious about the eggs benedict breakfast sandwich.
That I may make a morning of some day soon.
A quick note: The parking options there are pretty horrible and it can be very difficult to enter the parking lot depending on traffic.
But, I'm not holding that against them... just a warning to my fellow coffee lovers.

