I went here with 2 of my friends.
It is clean and service was good but the food was disgusting.
We all got different dishes and none of liked it.
My sauce tasted like it was chef boyardee canned sauce.
Would not recommend this place if you have taste buds.

The food was ok.
The manager was pleasant.
The waitstaff, however, were neglectful for the most part.
Look, I know restaurant.com coupons suck for you guys.
However, they also come included with an automatic 18% gratuity.
This does NOT mean that you may ignore us, simply because we're a group of three young guys.
When the restaurant is empty, it shouldn't take more than thirty minutes to get food.
Nor should it take 10-15 minutes to get a refill on our water.
Our server seemed more than eager to get us out as soon as things were done as well.
The food's about the equivalent of Olive Garden food.
I've had better, and I've had worse.
Won't be going back, though.
Normally I tip additional on top of the 18% when I use those coupons, however, when I'm treated like I was, you're lucky I didn't scratch off the 18% as well.

I've eaten at Vino's inside the Cannery Casino several times, and the food has always been very good, as it was on our last outing three days ago.
But this time there was a noticeable failure in service, to the point that after I ordered Calamari Fritti with both marinara sauce and lemon aioli to serve as an appetizer, not only did neither sauce arrive.
Neither did the Calamari!
First came a tasty cup of Minestrone Soup chock-full of vegetables, and a fine Caesar Salad of fresh romaine lettuce big enough to serve two, accompanied by addictive soft Italian rolls topped by garlic, over which I generously applied butter.
In fact I downed four of them as we waited for the Calamari that never arrived.
When our ordered entrees were at last delivered to the table about 30 minutes later, I mentioned to the server to take off the order of Calamari since it never came, and he just smiled and said, "Sure!
" as if nothing was amiss.
My Linguine and Clams in white wine sauce was all I hoped it would be.
The sauce was billed as "buttery," and that it was.
But, although my wife's shrimp in Alfredo Sauce had been specially requested by her to have no vegetables in it and be served with fettuccine rather than angel hair pasta, it came instead with bits of spinach (which she manually pulled out) and angel hair pasta.
It is aggravating when a good meal is spoiled by lack of attention to orders--either by the server or in the kitchen!
We will try Vino's again, because the food is really worth the visit when it is prepared as ordered, and we live nearby.
But I am dismayed by the multiple errors in order taking, food preparation, and delivery that just turned what could have been a four-star experience into an aggravating two-star visit.

THis is my first Yelp review.
We have been eating at Vino's about every other week for the past couple years.
We find the food to be very good and very reasonably prices.
However, it is the small details that often make you think.
She forgets the appetizer, this dish comes out with potatoe instead of the pasta you asked for.
Wheres the extra sauce??
A long wait for refills.
We always ask for Sheri, she is quite efficient, but loves to chat up all her tables and can be slow in taking care of another table.
All of the pastas here are right at $10.
We love the Angel hair Bolognese ($10) and also the Chicken Milanese with angel hair pasta and extra sauce ($16).
My absolute favorite is the Lobster and Shrimp Diavolo ($20) it can be as spicy or as mild as you wish.
A salad will cost you an extra $2 but is always nice and crisp and a great italian dressing.
The bread sticks are fantastic also.
We eat here very cheap becuase we also gamble here a couple nights a week.
But they always give you BOGO coupons when you leave the restaurant and you can use a Restaurant.com coupon on top of that.

It has been about three months since my last review of Vino's, and I thought it was time for a revisit.
Last time my dining experience was plagued by numerous service errors.
I am pleased to report that this time, other than having to ask for water, and an Iced Tea that my server initially forgot, service was very good and accommodating.
Padded furniture was the same as before, and quite comfortable.
But wall hangings had changed from such subject matter as a whimsical slice of pizza to a romantic depiction of a strolling couple.
The first thick breadstick I tried was spicier and not as fresh-tasting as those I have eaten at Vino's in the past.
But the second was just as fresh and fine as before.
Crisp Calamari Fritti, consisting of both tentacles and rings, was good but not really noteworthy, although I appreciated the chef whipping up a Lemon Basil Aioli to be paired with the customary Marinara Sauce.
A sausage-oriented and tomato-based Country Style Bean Soup, which also contained potato and Pancetta, struck me as unique and tasty.
A bowl of Caesar Salad with large Parmesan Cheese shavings was massive in size.
The Romaine Lettuce leaves and dressing tasted delicious but I let half of the salad remain in the bowl so I could enjoy the rest of my ordered meal.
The veal in my Veal Parmesan was thinly pounded and of good quality and size, though a little tough.
Normally accompanied by Spaghetti and Marinara Sauce, my order was upgraded by special request to Spaghetti and Meat Sauce with Mushrooms, which resulted in an upcharge of only $2.00.
This pasta was a good but unremarkable accompaniment.
My wife, Diane, by request was served Fettuccine Alfredo instead of the standard side of pasta, at no extra charge.
She rated her Shrimp Parmesan as "good to very good.
" The hard pastry shell of a good Cannoli with chocolate chips in the filling broke on contact with a knife but did not shatter.
The filling was thinner than I would have preferred but was still tasty.
Reheated leftovers the next day tasted just as good as when the food was originally presented.
Overall, this was a much better dining experience than the last.
It was worthy of 3-1/2 earned stars.

the restaurant is located in the rear of the cannery casino, across from the sports book.
there is a cute dining piazza and full service bar in the front..  atmosphere is peaceful and decorations are elegently  italian.
the menu is a large selection of very italian dishes .once you are seated, breadsticks, oil & balsamic vinegar arrive and  are replenished gladly.
the food is good.
the service is good.
drink refills are plentiful.
my wife and i have eaten here several times and have never been disappointed.

We've been wanting to try this for some time so we finally made it.
The restaurant was clean and open and nice.
The food was good but a little on the pricy side.
The chicken vesuvio was very good.
The staff was EXCELLENT!
Everyone was very helpful and attentive and met all of our needs.
This is a 3 star restaurant but I give it 4 stars because of the staff.

Service was great.
Food was very good, some dishes were too salty, but over all was a great experience.

Great food.
Good service.
Nice atmosphere.
Great prices.
Would recommend to anyone.
Had the chicken Parmesan and the lemon cello cake.
So good.

My husband lives the fettuccini Alfredo.
The food is decent the breadsticks are great.
Good for a 2:1 coupon dinner.

The hostess was friendly and greater me with a genuine smile.
The service was great.
My waiter, Greg, checked on me often.
The wine selection was good with lots of glass and Bottle options.
My dinner was chicken saltimbocca and not as good as I expected.
It was drowned in oil and gravy along with everything else on my plate.
It tasted okay but the presentation was disappointing.
Oddly enough, I felt I was in an episode of restaurant impossible.
I would recommend the restaurant but with a few tweaks it could be great.

The food is pretty good, reasonably priced, and hot.
The service was terrible the last 2 trips here.
The servers need some serious training: no upselling techniques, no personality, seem rushed, etc...

This place rocks!
We somehow ended up wandering in here after a movie and boy what a find!
Their italian food is really great.
The complimentary bread is delicious I must to say.
We had the sausage stuffed shells and another pasta dish I can't remember, but both were delicious.
I will definitely be back

Vino's finally got all cylinders operating in synch again on my most recent visit.
We received a late welcome at the hostess stand, but a quick greeting by our server Chelsea at our assigned table.
I enjoyed a very large salad that was easily enough for two, with cut zucchini, tomatoes, Red Onions, mixed greens, red cabbage, Black Olives, pepperoncini, carrot slivers, and an excellent Italian Dressing.
A spicy tomato-based Minestrone soup broth with carrots, celery, squash, White Onion, green beans, and some cheese was very good and zesty.
A real hot mild Bolognese Sauce was very tasty, and went well with two tender medallions--one a giant slab--prepared as Veal Parmigiana.
At first requested mushrooms weren't presented, but not long after the oversight was pointed out, a good-sized platter of sauteed mushrooms was brought to our table.
Meanwhile, Diane enjoyed her entree of Shrimp Parmigiana Alfredo.
No up-charges or extra fees were levied for Bolognese Sauce, mushrooms, Alfredo Sauce, or Roasted Parmesan Potatoes in lieu of pasta.
Service was excellent, and the ambiance inside the dining room was classy and comfortable.

Had a couple of hours to kill and wasn't sure what or where to eat before watching a movie so we checked out what was on tap in the casino.
Our choice was Vino Italian dining.
So this has 2 parts, a dine in sit down experience and a what to seem from outside a pizza take away.
No real reservation was required.
We walked in and we're sat down to a casino style or standard Italian decor setting.
The dress code was casual, so ladies leave your cocktail dresses at home, and fellas that bow tie you wanted to wear won't do you any justice here.
The menu was your typical run of the mill american Italian dishes that neither disappoints nor gets your belly rumbling.
We had unlimited garlic bread which seemed to be pretty fresh.
And the glasses of wine were a heavy pour.
(Smiley face)  Ordered the pork stuffed shells.
Now this wasn't a bad dish, it had some great flavor and interesting sauce that may have been made in house.
A couple of Knocks on this place was the food was so hot when it came out, the sauces were still boiling on our dishes.
We had to wait 15 minutes or so to even try it.
So that was a little bummer.
I can't give this place 5 stars, it isn't the worlds best Italian restaurant but if you have 3 star expectations, this place ain't a bad selection if your looking in the casino with half decent prices.

A restaurant located in a dump of a casino named The Cannery.
Service was very attentive.
Please don't introduce yourself and say "hey guys".
This isn't TGIFridays.
Garden salad fed two, but not impressive.
Hubby's chicken Parmesan wasn't too bad.
I ordered chicken Sambaltica.
Yucky.
Wasn't pan seared, and came with a sauce that drowned it terribly.
Sent it back to be cooked correctly, and it came back exactly the same.
Ate the complimentary bread and martinis instead.
Don't go without a coupon.
We didn't have one, and don't plan on returning.

Another trip to Vino's proved that the improvement noted on my last visit was no fluke.
Wide garlic-tinged breadsticks were supple and tasty.
Classic Italian Wedding Soup was hot and good, with savory small meatballs.
A vast Dinner Salad was excellent, featuring Mediterranean olives, pepperoncini, and a house Italian Dressing.
Service was very good, and so were entrees of Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo, Shrimp Parmigiana Alfredo, and Pappardelle Pasta.
I look forward to another return visit.

We try this place every few months just cause when u watch a movie at the cannery, the options are limited...and every time, it has horrible food and worse service...

At first glance of the inside, the restaurant looks like a diner, not very romantic for a dinner date.
The breadsticks were good with the oil and vinegar dipping sauce, but even better with the stuffed mushroom sauce.
We usually order the stuffed mushrooms if a restaurant serves it, and for $9, they gave only 4 mushrooms (compared to Olive Garden and Red Lobster 6 at same price).
The servers were friendly and helpful, they kept checking on us and advising us of our food wait time.
I had the baked Manicotti, it was cheesy and delicious.
We saved room for desert and enjoyed the Tiramisu, it was very good.
I gave 4 stars for taste and service, it was only the atmosphere and appearance that lost a star.

