BUNCH OF JERKOFFS!
DIRTY & UNSAFE!
This sorry excuse for a gym epitomizes all of the things that people hate about a gym: 1.
Dirty - especially the bathrooms - they might as well be in an old gas station.
Unkempt exercise machines, often slimy sweat and body butter.
Unsafe - I often found equipment that was in an unsafe state of repair and (after reporting it...) nothing was done to fix it by the staff - they were too busy socializing and working hard at doing nothing.
Often treadmills, stair climbers and other machines are unbalanced and dangerously rock back-and-forth.
Found many machines with loose or missing bolts, broken or bent snap links, worn out handles or pads and  in general states of neglect.
Excruciatingly difficult to cancel membership - Even though the contract I signed says I can call the 800 number to cancel, when I called the number they said they said I had to go in and cancel.
I did just that, only to be told the manager just left (this was 430PM on a weekday) and that I'd have to return when he was working.
How convenient for them...  Bottom line, this joint and the whole company is run by jerks who don't have the first clue about customer service and deserve not a red cent of your hard-earned money - THEY DO NOTHING TO EARN IT.

I love this gym.
It's big, new, clean and it has great classes.
It's never too crowded and people usually mind their own business and workout hard.
It's not like the LVAC's which are packed and full of people there primarily to find a date or socialize.

I train at this Golds five or more days a week.
the staff is cool, the gym has good daycare for my gym partner and the gym is always maintained well.
I am no meathead but train hard to race and fight(at the gym), therefore I do take extra care to put a towel down anywhere I will contact equipment   due to the amount of steroids I believe the men and women around me are perspiring.
I mean come on most women at this Golds are bigger than me and lower body fat.
trainers are killer, just make sure to get one  that specializes in what you need.
some trainers are bodybuilder, others are intense cardio and plyos.

I have been going here for over a year and overall the place is very clean.
The staff is friendly and the cardio theater is great.

I love Yelp and use it before I try anywhere new.
I am not very good about reviewing places because I am a busy mom and student.
As I was catching up on a few reviews that I have been meaning to write I thought about the places around town that I absolutely LOVE.
This gym is one of them.
I have been a member since they opened in January 2008.
I am shocked by some of the other reviewers comments.
This place is SO clean, well lit, and open.
I have never had to wait to use a machine, find parking right up front and the childcare is wonderful.
My girls love going to the gym to play with friends and do arts and crafts.
The instructors that work in the fitness room and spin room are the main reason that I go here.
They are so encouraging, and inspiring that I have been able to remain committed to fitness and consider everyone I meet there a friend.
Maybe I shouldn't write this review because the last thing I want is this place to turn into LVAC.

It's basic clean and fulfills te purpose of a gym rather than an annoyingly overcrowded show off social hour.
Was surprised to see one of the trainers being aggressively impatient with an elderly man but not the gyms fault he's a jerk.

Not usually a fan of these chain clubs, but I received a pass to try it out.
I took a yoga class from a woman by the name of Rasa last weekend and she blew me away with her knowledge and the high level of instruction.
The facilities seemed pretty much as one would expect, but I used the yoga studio and it was very nice.
It even had a nice sounding music playback system and while that may seem trivial to some I, as a professional musician, enjoy hearing music played on a decent sounding system.
It is as important as the music itself.
Studio good, Rasa = 5 stars

Just the name 'Golds Gym' has always intimidated me.
I had the impression that the place was full of juice head muscle men and that there would be no actual, normal looking people working out.
Not that musclemen are bad, I just didnt want to be the only gangly armed wimp in the joint.
A friend from San Antonio absolutely raves about her Golds Gym, and the classes that she takes there.
She is addicted.
I almost rolled my eyes at her for loving such a sweaty smelling scary place.
Until she had me come with her to a Body Combat class at my local Golds.
I was hooked.
The one hour I spent burning 9 million calories sent my body into overdrive and I LIKED feeling the burn.
Another friend of mine and I signed up that very day.
My friend has gone back to San Antonio sadly, and it took awhile for other friend and I to get on track and actually step foot in the scary place without our tough Texas girl.
But, we have, and now we understand the addiction.
We finally had our orientation session, where we were educated on nutrition, and focused on short and long term goals.
I like having goals.
Their daycare is nicely lit, clean, and the front desk and daycare staff is always friendly.
Oh, and there are normal looking people like me EVERYWHERE.
The cardio cinema is a BLAST, though sometimes I'm glad it's super dark in there when I have a random outburst of laughter when watching the movie.
Everyone else in their zones.
The womens area has great equipment and I love watching women do their squats while watching a water birth on one TV, and watching the First Lady on Dr OZ on the other TV.
Girl Power!

Having been a member of a national chain gym in the past, I was a bit skeptical about joining Golds and dealing with the hassle of contracts and parking and busy machines.
Not so here, I'll say: I love going to this gym!
No annual contract: that was the biggest pain dealing with during my last membership at a different gym, I don't know if I'm going to be living somewhere for however many years and canceling is a PAIN IN THE ya know!
They have good deals at Golds, for me it was 19.95$/mo for access to all classes and gyms nationwide and only a $40 yearly maintenance fee - I can deal with that.
No hidden fees crap!
AND I get to bring a friend free every time I go to the gym, I have taken advantage of this option almost every time, and it's really great!
2 for 1 and workout with a friend!
My friend likes it so much, he's getting his own membership!
Cardio cinema - what else is there to say, this is so cool and such a fun easy way to get cardio in!!
I wish it were open past 10 pm and it is annoying to have to stop my workout to ask them to reset the movie, but I'm being picky now...  3.
Good classes, I've done body combat, yoga, yoga bootcamp (Rasa is awesome, I wish this class was offered more!!
), Zumba, body pump and some others, they are all great!
Seems to be a good community where teachers recognize you and they have fun Halloween and party kickoff classes.
Variety of options and times and if I want more, there's always the Eastern location...  4.
They do a good job of maintaining the place.
I've been a member since August 2012 and since then, they have replaced the padding on some machines and also fixed one of the TVs that had been out.
I have not tried the showers or sauna, but the locker rooms have always been clean, and same goes for the rest of the gym.
There's plenty of parking and even on peak times, like 6 pm on weekdays, there's usually not much wait for a weight machine and I've always been able to find an elliptical in the cinema room.
It never feels really busy, which is great!
I'm a big fan of this gym, I will be a member here for the long term!

So, I call Gold's gym this morning asking what time they start Cardio Cinema.
The guy who answered the phone said that he had already started running it.
This was at 4:48AM.
I pull up their website and it shows the scheduled movie was to be Twilight.
(So, what?
Bite me!
) Anyway, I get suited up, and head on over.
When I get there, the entry sty is jammed and he doesn't know how to fix it.
Strike one.
I brought my driver's license because I could not readily find my swipe dealy, but I asked him if I had lost it and got a new one, will I still be able to recall the credit I had in the old one.
He did not know.
Strike two.
So I made way to the cardio room, and see that they are screening the A-team, yesterday's movie.
I go back outside the door to check the movie schedule which is supposed to display the immediate 3 days including the current, and all the slots are empty.
No, no strike three yet, although it should be.
I go back to the desk, and ask the guy what the next movies were.
He did not know, nor did he have a hard copy of the month's schedule, nor did he not know how to go online and check the schedule, nor did he not know today's date.
Strike 3,4,5. and 6.
Does that guy even work there?
I mean, maybe that's his father's job and he's across the street drinking, and he left his kid there with his work shirt.
But that guy definitely does not deserve to be working there, if he doesn't know anything.
It's like a waitress not knowing what the soup of the day is, or a doctor who doesn't know how to hook up an IV.

Having been a member of a national chain gym in the past, I was a bit skeptical about joining Golds and dealing with the hassle of contracts and parking and busy machines.
Not so here, I'll say: I love going to this gym!
No annual contract: that was the biggest pain dealing with during my last membership at a different gym, I don't know if I'm going to be living somewhere for however many years and canceling is a PAIN IN THE ya know!
They have good deals at Golds, for me it was 19.95$/mo for access to all classes and gyms nationwide and only a $40 yearly maintenance fee - I can deal with that.
No hidden fees crap!
AND I get to bring a friend free every time I go to the gym, I have taken advantage of this option almost every time, and it's really great!
2 for 1 and workout with a friend!
My friend likes it so much, he's getting his own membership!
Cardio cinema - what else is there to say, this is so cool and such a fun easy way to get cardio in!!
I wish it were open past 10 pm and it is annoying to have to stop my workout to ask them to reset the movie, but I'm being picky now...  3.
Good classes, I've done body combat, yoga, yoga bootcamp (Rasa is awesome, I wish this class was offered more!!
), Zumba, body pump and some others, they are all great!
Seems to be a good community where teachers recognize you and they have fun Halloween and party kickoff classes.
Variety of options and times and if I want more, there's always the Eastern location...  4.
They do a good job of maintaining the place.
I've been a member since August 2012 and since then, they have replaced the padding on some machines and also fixed one of the TVs that had been out.
I have not tried the showers or sauna, but the locker rooms have always been clean, and same goes for the rest of the gym.
There's plenty of parking and even on peak times, like 6 pm on weekdays, there's usually not much wait for a weight machine and I've always been able to find an elliptical in the cinema room.
It never feels really busy, which is great!
I'm a big fan of this gym, I will be a member here for the long term!

This gym has everything i could ask for in a workout facility.
I especially love the theater room for cardio.
The staff is friendly and the personal trainers are knowledgeable and supportive of fitness goals.
I have personally worked with Brent for over 6mos and always feel like I get a great workout.

good gym, newer equipment.
they have a movie theater room where they play movies everyday.
sometimes it smells a little sweaty in that room, but its nice to have, you get into the movie and then you keep running more.

I really like this gym.
Provides a lot of classes.
Convenient, hassle free.
Body Compat was awesome.
No complaints really.
The price is reasonable and I feel at home there.
Its not snooty or intimating like David Barton Gym and it has everything you need

It's my gym!
Simply put, the layout is better at this location, more cardio equipment, more machines, no stupid MMA training taking up valuable space.
Easy on and off the 215fwy.

I found a gym that I can get in and out doing a 5AM workout.
I work out with a friend a couple days a week in the women's area and then four days a week I do cardio.
I have worked out in the movie theatre which was awesome.
I have been only to one class and that is because of my schedule.
I did hear a rumor (don't know if true) that they may add more 5am spinning classes!
I hope so.
The only complaint I have is that the bathrooms are pretty dirty and so is the shower.
Since they are open 24 hours this just might be cleaned after I leave.
Other than that the staff our cool and I have been happy to feel comfortable here working out.

I joined Gold's recently so that I could get more spin in my life :) I've been taking one class a week elsewhere and wanted a cheap way to get more classes in.
They have an extensive class schedule, with enough days and times to fit into anyone's schedule.
The staff is really friendly and welcoming.
So far, I've only used the spin room.
It's on the smaller side, with maybe 30 bikes.
The bikes leave a lot to be desired.
Some of them are a bit rickety; two of them actually broke during the last class I went to.
The teachers are great though!
John and Erin S. are the two instructors that I've seen and they're each motivating in their own way.
Since they don't post prices anywhere, here's an overview: $10/month gets you a basic, month-to-month membership that doesn't include classes and you can't go to any other locations.
$15/month gets you a 1 year contract membership that includes classes and other locations.
$19/month is the no-contract version of the previous membership.
There is also a $40 maintenance fee, charged once a year.
For what I need, Gold's is an excellent value and I'm enjoying my membership so far.
They do have a ladies only equipment area, which is great, since the meatballs monopolizing the other equipment can be kinda scary.

If I could give this gym no stars, I would!
This gym has gone way down hill since they started the $9.95 a month deal.
When you can actually get a machine, it was left full of sweat from the previous person.
The weight machines smell like BO and the weights are thrown about everywhere.
I actually spent time to pick up and arrange the weights on the smith machines, it didnt take much time for it to be right back the way it was before.
There doesnt seem to be any employee watching to see if anybody puts the weights back so a 125 lb women isnt having to put back a leg press full of 45 lb weights.
I would never recommend this gym to anybody and I actually feel like telling people signing up while Im there "not to do it!!!
" You will regret it.

Pros:  Very clean, nice staff (and pretty), the bathroom has a cool design, the few patrons that I talked to were friendly, the layout of the whole gym is pretty cool    Cons:  The leg area and leg equipment are lacking at the expense of rather useless upper body machines with too much redundancy (people mostly use the staples, those machines are always busy while alot of machines just collect dust).
There is no place to deadlift.
Only one squat rack and one power rack.
This could be a big turn off for a lot of lifters.
No pullover machine, I have never been to a gym that didn't have a pullover machine.
I think if they replaced some rarely used equipment with more popular, and practical equipment and added a platform or two for deadlifting (or even just created an open space for it) this gym would be a more appealing.
Overall, it was alright.
I would choose to lose some of the flashiness and unpopular machines for a bigger emphasis on practical, popular equipment.

This gym is probably the one I would go to the most.
Nikki- my fitness counselor was super sweet and is a great person for reference on knowing about the different memberships and what the gym offers.
The cardio cinema is one of my favorite features of this particular gym.
Although it gets crowded, watching a movie while on a cardio machine lets the time slip by quicker.
The class schedule is filled with variety as well as various time slots.
Although some of the members here are not as friendly as the ones in the Eastern location- this gym has nice equipment and isn't too bad to try to get to.
I wish their southern locations were bigger.
The ones on the north side of town are two stories and have a lot more machines to offer.
All in all, for a recently opened gym not too bad

Just switched over to Golds Gym from planet fitness and what a big difference.
Really nice place to work out, love the atmosphere.
I like that there is no monthly contracts and reasonable monthly fees.
There is so many different machines to choose from.
I have only been working out around midnight so its not busy at all.
The staff here are very friwndly

Been a member since January of this year and signed up primarily to take the group fitness classes they offer.
They had a 19.95 monthly membership fee with the no contract, no hassle, use of all Golds Gym in the area +nationwide, use of both exercise equipment AND access to all the fitness classes.
That means I can take a class everyday, twice day, or 3x a day if I wanted to.
Pretty good deal just on that alone!
(Thanks Yelper Anna V and your review that's how I initially found out.
)   The gym itself is pretty clean and well maintained.
The location is convenient for me, easy accessible and has ample parking.
I get a great cardio workout with the Hot Hula Fitness and Zumba classes.
The classes are easy to follow.
Kudos Golds for even offering classes at 5am!
I don't feel intimidated when working out here.
There are people of all shapes, sizes, and fitness level.
The staff has been helpful and friendly and some greet me by first name when I check in.
When I get a chance I'll take advantage of getting a personal trainer to help me reach my fitness goals.
I'm sold and satisfied with Gold's so far.

Back in Jan 2013 I visited the S Stephanie location to inform someone that I would need to freeze/suspend my account temporarily.
I was told by a young lady that it would be fine.
I left, unaware that I was supposed to have been given documentation.
Unfortunately since I never worked for Gold's Gym I don't know their procedures.
A month later I received a bill in the mail for them.
I called member services and asked for it to be corrected.
Since he couldn't help me he transferred me and I ended up leaving a voice mail.
No one ever called me back and I forgot about it until I received another bill in the mail.
I called member services again and it was the same thing, the initial rep couldn't help me so she transferred me to someone else.
I briefly spoke with someone and she said she would look into it and call me back.
I never received the call so I called back almost 2 weeks later.
This time she was rude about my situation, saying that if I didn't have proof of the encounter (how do you prove a conversation?
) that I would just have to pay it.
I asked her to forward me to her boss.
She didn't but she forward me to another woman, whom I ended up leaving a message.
She called back, I explained my situation, she said she would research it and call me back.
She never did so I called her back twice and left 2 different voice mails.
On the third attempt I got a man's voice mail (it had been changed).
I left a message with him anyway, and I still did not receive a call back.
I then tried to get the issue resolved through the local level (general manager Christopher Wagner) via email but that proved to be useless as I had to explain myself THREE DIFFERENT TIMES about my situation.
After I realized I was "chasing my tail" I submitted a comment on Gold's Gym website and someone from corporate called me.
She said she would get with the local location and find out what's going on.
Apparently the location is not cooperating with their corporate because I have yet to hear anything back and I have called her back for follow up (she had nothing at that time).
When I spoke with Chris today he mentioned that I am 90 days delinquent (which would be $90) yet I, somehow owe them $180.
They are also having a third party make threatening phone calls to me, which I ended up having to block because it was THAT BAD!
I don't have a problem paying the CORRECT amount I owe, but I refuse to be extorted for additional funds!
I said all that to say this: BEWARE.
They are VERY eager to get you in the door and signed up without telling you their guidelines and P&Ps, expecting YOU to figure it out on your own.
They snatch your hard-earned money quicker than you can actually make it and won't blink twice about it.
They are a business that is out only to make money and contrary to what they may tell you in their "spiel" to get your signature THEY DO NOT CARE ABOUT YOU AS A PERSON, AS A MEMBER, AND/OR AS A CONSUMER.
Do yourself a favor and try another gym like 24 Hour Fitness or Las Vegas Athletic Club.
I'm sure either can't be worse than Gold's Gym.

I joined this gym because its close by and the price is right, $15/month  The gym is very clean.
There are enough machines for everyone and they offer all kinds of group exercise classes like spin, boot camp, ETC.
The locker rooms are also very clean and nicely decorated.
The staff is very friendly too.
For the money, you can't beat it

Love their spin classes & the cardio theatre.
Always smells good in here , super clean and a good vibe!

NEVER GO TO THIS GYM!
THEY KICK PEOPLE OUT!
I am a member of Golds Gym Philippines and I have a travel pass that allowed me to work out anywhere that there is a Golds Gym.
They lost my international drivers license when I left it with them, as they require the travel pass and a form of identification upon signing in, and then called the police since I was waiting for them to produce it.
The manager, Christopher Walker was even refusing to take my call that night as I just want the assurance that my identification would be found, but no, they refused.
I even asked them to drop me off at my house since I cant drive without a license, yet they told me to take a cab and just leave my rent a car there.
They were rude, especially Walter(who was a total a**hole) the staff there who even told corporate that I was gonna hit him with a chair, hello, he was a 6'3 buffed guy and I was a 5'8 chubby guy.
I am asking for them an incident report on what happened and yet they are refusing to incriminate themselve, and to produce the webcam on the day that the incident happened.
They misplaced my license since they were showing my travel pass to a prospective client of theirs who they were trying to make a sales pitch, according to the staff.
Til now this has been NOT resolved so I say NEVER GO TO THIS HELL OF A GYM!

I've been coming here now for a month so finally going to review.
This is a great gym, forget all the Gold's Gym stereotypes if you've heard any and try out this cool place.
First off, it doesn't smell like a big sweat sock...even on extra hot days.
Nothing is worse than having to endure sweat stank when you're already not in the mood to work out.
Not in the mood?
Well that quickly vanishes with all the different classes offered that get you going.
I love the spin class and at 3x a week for a month will get you some nice results.
Now let's talk about value which was a HUGE factor in joining this gym.
$15.95 per month, on a one year contract includes unlimited classes and use of multiple locations.
$19.95/ month is the same with no contract.
You can also choose a $9.95/month plan for just gym use.
Take advantage of the 1 week free trial membership before signing up.
I used to pay $150+ /month for one of the local bootcamps...taking the classes at Gold's delivers better results without gouging your wallet.
The only critique is that the equipment is banged up and the padding torn on most machines.
That's where the other $10/month gym is better.
I enjoy Gold's and encourage anyone looking to get/stay fit to work out here.
The classes will motivate and kick your butt.

I have been a member of Golds since February!
The staff at all locations are very helpful.
All locations have different machines!
I walk in it smells like a gym so I don't know what others say.
If they don't like it go to private facilities.
I like it it's motivation to keep going!
50+ lbs down later and still going strong!
See you tomorrow!
And by the way their classes are awesome I love Zumba!
Helene and Michelle are great!

I like Golds Gym on Stephanie because they have this cool cardio cinema...That being said, they do not have the movie list updated on their website (Still lists movies for the months of JUNE and it's now AUGUST).
I called, and was told "Yeah...They don't really update it.
They might get to it later this month".
WHAT??
I  like to check online the day I want to work out and will schedule my workouts according to what movies are playing.
I was told to "JUST STOP IN, AND YOU CAN SEE THE LIST ON THE WALL".
Come on people, update your online movie list!

I went in today to sign up for the month-to-month membership...I came at the "right" day, because to enroll, it was only $5, instead of $100.
Along with the $10/month, every year, I will be charged $40 to 'guarantee' my rate.
My sales associate was so pushy.
I know that they are sales people, but...WOW... unnecessary.
The basic membership doesn't include classes, which is fine, because I would have to wait until my guy gets home to watch our 8 month old... That will be my "get away" time.
It's probably less busy at a later time anyways.
The sales associate kept wanting me to call my guy & ask if I could pay about $150 a month for a personal trainer.
I am not going to disturb him at work for this, nor would I put him on the spot in front of  her.
So, when I turned down the personal trainer, she wanted to bump up my membership, to one that's $15 or $20 (a month), for classes, and that she'll include child care for free..and she feels the need to tell me how that "never happens.
"  I'm not comfortable with leaving my infant in the care of a stranger.
That is why I left my job after her birth--her father and I felt that it is best for her to be watched by family.
I had to get quite sassy with her to let her know that I was not interested in personal training, or classes.
That I was doing this month to month because it was affordable, and a choice that my family & I had gotten to.
It was then when she spewed out that 80% of customers don't make their goals because they don't have personal trainers, and they don't know what they are doing.. And asked me if I "even knew" how much I needed to lift on a machine to achieve results.
Well, I've found personal work outs that go by weight, height, age, etc.
Free, from Google....Not to mention the countless free apps available.
No wonder why people are afraid to go to the gym.
I was ready to walk out just from dealing with her.
I went back tonight around 630, and there was a line out the door to get in.
Here are the things that bother me:  --1--Teenie-Boppers.
There are children that are allowed in this gym, and on machines....
I mean, middle schoolers.
They wear their P.E.
clothes in here.
Who in their sane mind thinks that a CHILD,  14 and younger needs to be in a gym?
--2- -A personal trainer.
I was on an elliptical in front of the women's select room.
Out of the corner of my eye (left) I see a pretty woman galloping towards this personal trainer.
This personal trainer LEAVES his client and skips about 15 feet to chat up the pretty lady.
VERY professional, leave a client to flirt.....
I'm sure that $150 a month is really what the client wanted to spend on his trainer trying to pick up a date.
--3--Other associates.
Sitting at their desks, texting.... walking around the gym, texting or on a cell phone.. Really?
Do they not have a break room?
--4-- Cleanliness  They have a sign that all towels are mandatory...
However, that is not enforced.
It isn't asked if you have a towel when you check in....
Anyone can carry around a towel, but that doesn't mean that they are wiping down a machine...   Maybe if employees weren't texting, skipping/flirting, this would be noticed.
Oh, don't expect a "goodbye" or a smile from the front desk ladies either.
The only acknowledgement I ever get is a blank stare.
****************************************************************** Comment from Gold's Gym: "Thank you for joining our club.
It's very sad to hear that just after one day you have so much negativity towards our club and staff.
We are here to help you and want your experience to be as positive as it can be so you keep coming back for more workouts.
Our staff recommends personal training to all of our new clients to help them kick start a new workout routine, if that's not for you then we are totally okay with it.
Hopefully, you start enjoying our facility, if you ever need anything or have questions please let us know"     9/19 Please, know that it is your staff that has created the negativity, not I.
1- If you truly wanted a "positive workout experience", I highly doubt your employee would have told me your failure rate after not making a sale.
Is that how you draw people in?
By telling them that they are going to fail?
2- If your staff was "okay" with me saying "no" to a personal trainer/more expensive memberships, she should have listened the first and second time....
It shouldn't take more than three "no's" to get the hint.
Thanks.

Awesome gym thank you cris for treating my friends great..

First of all, I've had memberships to LVAC, LA Fitness (when I lived in California), Gold's Gym and Planet Fitness.
So when I write this review, it's about the actual gym I currently go to and my experiences in comparison to other corporate type gyms.
I enrolled a little less than a year ago with no expectations.
Simple gym, I knew my way around it and I knew what to expect from it's clientele.
I had no major issues except for the fact that is was not disclosed verbally that there was some kind of "account maintenance" fee of $60.
Since hubby and I signed up at the same time, I was kinda shocked to see the $120 hit at the same time.
Come to find out, that fee is in the contract that we sign upon signing up.
Pros:  1) Always clean, never and issues with the overall cleanliness.
Now, I've worked out at several gyms throughout the valley and if anyone thinks this one is dirty, then go to what I call the OCD gym (Planet Fitness).
I felt like people were more focused on sanitizing their machines than actually using them for fitness.
2) Extremely friendly staff.
Never felt pressured to buy anything/add on services, etc.
I've always been acknowledged by someone and never made to feel like I didn't fit in.
3) The childcare is AMAZING!!
The first couple of weeks of putting my little one in there kinda freaked me out - - but now almost a year later, I look forward to the hour and a half or so where they play with her and give her great attention (as with all the other kids in the playroom).
Never had any problems with them.
In fact, I belong to several mommy forums on FB and through some posts, have heard not so nice things about childcare at other gyms.
I personally know 2 people who have moved gyms because their children were either traumatized at  those gyms or hurt and no one seemed to care.
The childcare staff are always so friendly and sweet.
4) If you know how to use the equipment, you can ALWAYS find a machine no matter how crowded it gets.
Some people assume you can only use certain things (like the squat rack).
Maybe they need 2 squat racks because there always seems to be a wait for it.
But seriously, if you can't afford a trainer, google info on how to use machines - you'd be amazed how quickly you can go through a workout without having to wait for others...and only to complain that it's too crowded.
5) Trainers (well at least mine) seem very professional and informative.
But I think finding a trainer is like finding a doctor - you gotta keep looking till you find someone that works for you and understands your needs.
Also, they're actually personable.
When I worked out at LVAC they were independent and man, some were so unapproachable, they were kinda intimidating.
6) NOT a meat market!!
IF anyone calls this place a meat market, then obviously they have been to at least 2 of the gyms I named above.
At LVAC I was one of the few women who did squats and deadlifts.
Here, there are quite a few and I look to them for inspiration because these are not the type of women who look like they're there to pick up a man.
Just because I said it wasn't it meat market, that doesn't mean there aren't hotties there!
Still lots of great eye candy!!
CONS 1) I think the staff should walk around the gym and a few should actually SHOW newbies how to use the machines.
Yeah you wanna increase your membership but perhaps by showing the inexperienced people how to use the machines without having to commit to a trainer will help retain members.
I see so many people give up because they aren't achieving their goals, but don't know where to turn or ask for advice so just...leave.
Maybe have a "class" on how to use machines.
THEN once they figure it out, introduce them to personal training and how effective if would/could be?
2) Equipment breaks down frequently.
I do see someone always repairing machines, but because the gym is a lot smaller than LVAC (which has like a hundred treadmills alone), either upgrade machines or repair in a timely manner.
3) You guys need a smoothie bar.
lol.
So I don't have to drive to go get one!!
4) Wish it had a steam room.
:)    That's it for now.
Bottom line, I like my gym and have no issues!

This is one of the nicer Golds Gyms in the Vegas area.
It is a little smaller than the Eastern & Serene gym.
It has plenty of equipment and weights.
They keep it clean.
It is way to far from Summerlin Though.
They need to open a Golds around the Charleston & I-215 area.

Love this gym!
Professional and courteous staff.
Impeccable equipment and all around useful gym.
Staff are competent and equipment is clean and in good repair.
Great Price for a great work out

They had a live DJ when I was there this evening and I loved it.
My only issue with this gym is the daycare.
I don't know why but every time I go there they tell me I can only leave my child for a few minutes then I have to leave.
I had to get the Manager to straighten it out several times.
I have called the daycare  to make an appointment so I don't have this issue and I got hung up on.
Also they told me they couldn't get me in when I called two hours in advance so I got the Manager again and he was able to get me in and apologized.
I am wondering if I am being treated this way because I don't tip them?
I have been to several Golds Gym and have not been treated like this before.
Not exactly sure what to do about it.

This was an okay gym.
Its smaller than some of their other gyms .
So if your trying to lift be prepared to wait.
If your looking to do cardio there more machines than you can shake a stick at .

They have every possible equipment you could possibly need to work out.
The only downfall to this gym is that its so crowded so if you have a workout routine its hard to follow it because you always need to wait for equipment to free up.
It is a lot less busy later in the night around 9-10 but if you dont mind the crowd and waiting for machines to free up this gym is excellent!

Great gym to work out at.
Never too crowded.
Ben is head trainer and will take care of you.
Equipment and staff are great!
Highly recommend this as your everyday gym.

While everyone is shopping the day after Thanksgiving (i.e.
Black Friday), I'm going to take advantage of one of the busiest Gold's Gyms in Las Vegas and get my workout on (i.e.
Back Friday).
What do I mean by taking advantage?
I've heard it and you might have heard it...this is one busy Gold's Gym.
I figured that I can only get a good workout here during the early, early AM, or during a busy shopping day.
I'm a Gold's Gym and a 24 Hour Fitness member.
And because Vegas is such a small city, I tend to hit different gyms based on what I'm working on or the time of the day.
Some gyms out here have to be avoided during different times, especially peak times.
This is one of those gyms.
It's one of the more popular Gold's out here and it isn't the biggest.
Combine the two and you get one packed gym.
That being said, I do avoid this gym during peak hours.
My reason for 4 stars is because it's clean and there's plenty of equipment.
This gym is also a great back/lat gym with a T-Bar, multiple Hammer leverage machines, plenty of cables, and of course, free weights.
That's all you really need for a good back workout.
I didn't work any other body parts but noticed that this gym is stacked with plenty of power racks, benches, and Smith machines.
So, I assume this is also a good chest and leg gym too.
As for cardio, either it's lacking or there's just a lot of cardio Dukes & Duchesses here.
Here's my tip...if you see one open, take it.
Other Highlights: -Tanning Room (if you have this added too the membership) -Cardio Theater -Clean Locker Room.
-Cool Staff -Well Ventilated -A lot of parking spots -Fitness Classes  If you're a Gold's member, looking to mix things up, and working out during their non-peak hours, give this Gold's Gym a try.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (494/500)

It's that time of the year when the gym is packed of course with the "New Year Resolutioners"  But I can't complain.
Heck, I was one of them last year!
So fast forward 12 months, I've come to appreciate this gym!
I stuck to my fitness plan and reached my fitness goal for the year!.
This location is my favorite.
It's clean, doesn't stink like sweaty bodies, there's plenty of parking space.
The staff here is friendlier.
Ive met cool people and gained new friends, and I'm a fan of the group fitness classes they offer here.
The membership I signed up for included unlimited group fitness classes at Gold's Gym.
This location here at Stephanie offers the most group classes.
It's a no brainer taking advantage of  what they have for the membership price I got.
They have classes for every level, low or high impact, some even designed for seniors!
My favorites are the dance fitness classes.
Love Hot Hula Fitness!
It's like a bit of Polynesian dancing, alot of cardio!
It's a great core workout!
It's not high impact, it's not hot, temperature wise, but you'll sweat!
The class isnt too crowded, so there's more room to move.
The instructor provides the "lava lava" no special shoes needed, since you workout in bare feet.
They welcome walk ins, and even if you are a few minutes late, or running on Hawaiian time like me... no worries, the class is easy to follow.
The Zumba classes are really popular too, especially the evening sessions, but don't get discouraged if it looks too crowded, you'll manage to move!
... but come early if you prefer to be at the front of the class.
Wear comfy gym clothes and shoes.
Bring water...that goes for anytime you come to the gym...that and a towel is a must!!!
Most classes are an hour but you'll have so much fun, it'll fly by!
It's never too late, you don't have to be a New Years resolutioner  to come try one of the classes they offer I encourage everyone to get into the "fit life!
" Happy 2014!

Just moved to town and am searching for a gym.
I'm not too far from Gold's Gym so checked it out on Saturday, January 18.
It was PACKED, which is fine, just not used to seeing so many people at a gym on a beautiful Saturday around lunchtime.
I filled out paperwork and was seated at a table to wait for someone to give me a tour.
Shortly after, an employee (Christine) came by to give us the tour.
I'm sorry to say, she seemed like she couldn't get us out of there fast enough - it was a quick walk around, pointed out a few things, the end.
I had to ask about the tanning (I saw the sign on the very fast tour, but she didn't mention it), I had to ask about class schedules, and about child care.
The reason I visited Gold's Gym was because of a flyer I received in the mail, which included a 7 day pass.
I showed it to her to ask if I could visit on Sunday or Monday, and she quickly said "yeah, just show it at the desk, and come ready to work out.
"  Well, I showed up Monday and got a big hassle.
They ended up letting me work out, and told me I should have made a reservation for my daughter at the kid center (I would have, if I had been asked to).
I just had a feeling that I was a hassle, and not welcome at all.
I'll keep looking.

I would like to say the receptionist megan was nice- second the set up was all right, thsy definitely need to update their free weight it reminds me of old school.
The trainers seem to be out of shape to be personal trainers.
The bathrooms soom to be not clean garbage overflowing, lot of old creepy dudes staring with mustaches and only have one weight scale.
No towels provided didnt see sanitizer spray for the machines.

Get your act together Gold's!
I've been a member since last year.
Came in for a spin class with a lot of broken bikes.
When I walked out in the middle of class twice to ask the staff to have maintenance come adjust one of the bikes so the seat wouldn't buck back and forth (very dangerous and hazardous), they all looked like deers in headlights and no one knew what a Phillips head screwdriver was.
I even walked out to my car to see if I had one so I could adjust it myself since apparently no one wanted to help.
In a full class such as cyclone, you don't have any choice of bikes if you can't move around.
It's bad enough when a couple month's ago, the old guy that works there (the one with the dyed hair)  interrupts class with yelling into the class and watches like a pervert to see the women doing their floor exercises.
Inappropriate.
Fix your damn machines and train your staff to know how to handle basic issues!
Also, get you website and app working.
This is not how you should run a business.

I came in for a one week pass since we just moved into town.
Not having a lease or id yet, I had to pay for a week tho try it out.
Huge mistake!
Free weights are unorganized and way out dated.
The cable system needs some serious love..oh and where the hell are all the attachments?
Place was packed.
How the he'll are you supposed to workout with people on top is each other?
No stair steppers.
And how about trainers that look like they are on gear.
Come on, if your promoting a healthy lifestyle, have trainers that are actually healthy.
Not on juice.
Think I'll go to a smaller gym, that cares.

This gym has it's "peak" hours, like any other gym..
I like it, because I really try to make it a good experience.
They could use some new floor "yoga mats" & at least 2 machines are broken each time I go.. but keep in mind MANY MANY people use the equipment & some don't give a f*ck to treat it with respect, clean or put it away properly, so....
It's just ok... but without a pool, spa, or free tanning... For what you get, the membership should really be like $9.99/ month.
OH YEAH, DID I MENTION NO WIFI?!
boo.

Sign up in January and I was loving the staff and vibe so I signed up with a trainer.
My trainer left 4 weeks after I started with him.
It took 4 weeks to get me a new trainer after 3 calls 1 email and empty promises.
So I gave the new trainer a shot, hurt myself the first time out, had a second session and it was ok, clearly he was not engaged, nice guy though.
I got the flu then my work hours changed.
Working 6 days a week 10-12 hours a day doesn't leave time for a work out.
So I tried to cancel.... NO, I have 8 months left in my contact.
I'm like really I've gotten only 6 work out in since January and you've gotten free money from me and because of my work they won't let me out.
tI said then get me a trainer who can work out when I'm available cause I'm in management and my hours fluctuate, haven't heard from them.... DONT SIGN UP FOR THERE TRAINING ITS A COMPLETE RIP OFF.......IM DISGUSTED AND DISCOURAGED....
I'm in healthcare and to be honest they don't care about your well being just making sales quotas.

Visited this gym BC admission was free with my hotel stay at the Townplace  Marriott Suites.
I got there in the afternoon during the week and it was busy.
Started off by warming up on an older treadmill and then made my way to weight training machines.
There's a decent amount of equipment but I found the layout quite strange with equipment in smaller rooms and many machines lacked grips and were totally unusable.
another quirk was I didn't see any hand sanitizer dispenser which my gym in So Cal offers.
The place seems worn out and a bit dirty and could use some TLC!

Great services (classes, tanning, trainers & child care); a professional and highly positive staff and great leadership.
It's comforting to see Ben managing from the floor vice behind a desk.
Overall great experience for veteran athletes.
I could see how some people may be intimidated by the clients who are beautiful, built & perhaps cosmetically altered.
They are all friendly and we all have a common bond of fitness with each having a different motivation.
Definitely recommended for everyone!

I recently switched from LVAC to Gold's Gym for a few reasons; location, price and overall number of gyms throughout the U.S.
I can use when I travel.
I noticed that I'm saving over $20 a month from the switch.
Oh, I have to start bringing my own towel from home...wow, not a big deal!
I find the atmosphere very inspiring including, the exposed cinderblocks, and the wide free-weight section and the pictures of old-school bodybuilders on the walls.
I could definitely imagine Arnold, himself, training in this Gold's Gym.
I also like the fact that the members seem more serious in their workouts than just looking good at the gym.
The only downside is that the gym gets very crowded at certain times throughout the week.
I found that the early afternoons during the week and evenings on the weekends to be the ideal times to go.
If I find myself there when it is really busy, I noticed that the other members are willing to have you work in with them during set breaks and motivate you even when you are struggling in your last reps.
I feel great everytime I finish a workout there and realize that I need to go more often.

WAS a gr8 gym when i joined 8/13.
New ownership has raped it.
Over crowded with "trainers", equipment in disrepair and no staff on the floor enforcing posted policies.
If $10/month is what  you can afford it's worth it otherwise pay a little more and you won't have to wait on arrogant trainers (not all but a majority) who think they own the place since there are no employees on the floor to advise them otherwise.
MOST IMPORTANTLY if you upgrade your membership READ THE CONTRACT.
They'll lie to your face and the next thing you know you're locked in for 1 year.
It's very apparent that ownership will not reinvest $$ into the gym.
Been there since AUG 2013 and there is not 1 single piece of new equipment, fixtures or stitch of an upgrade anywhere to be found.
People abuse equipment because there are no staff personnel on the floor other than cleaning.
Which I do give them credit, the place is clean...if you discount the broken and stench ridden urinal in the men's locker room that took +2 weeks to repair.
Witnessed a staff member pouring muratic acid in it on several occasions.

This location just continues to go downhill.
I have been a member since it opened.
Originally it was great.
I was paying $25 and the classes were always busy, but not packed.
Ever since they started this $9.99 a month the place has completely changed.
The classes are overcrowded during peak hours.
You can barely move in classes like zumba and kickboxing, and the spin classes are always full (so you have to get there 15 minutes before to wait in line).
SInce some people only pay $9.99 a month and don't have access to classes, they want to stamp your hand to take a class.
The stamp doesn't wash off right away and I don't need to look like a was at a club the night before when I show up for work.
Luckily, they only ask for a stamp 5% of the time so you can just ignore them.
The crowd at this gym has totally changed since the $9.99 special.
Obviously this has brought the gym more money, but the people who are paying $20-25 a month are going to start leaving.
This is something me and my husband are seriously considering at this point.

