This used to be way off the beaten path, but as the far edge of the valley has grown it's crept closer and closer to civilization.
Right now it's about 20 minutes past Vegas on 95.
Pay close attention or you'll miss the turn off.
Desert National Wildlife Refuge is run by the US Fish and Wildlife service off the turnoff, but about 30 minutes down a gravel path.
The crappiness of the road is a big turn-off to going - it's like something you'd encounter in the third world.
Bring 4-wheel Drive - you can just barely tolerate getting to the visitor's station without it.
Some rules: no four wheeling here, and no firearms.
It's a wildlife preserve, duh.
The visitor's center has a fun little hike around Coal Creek, a managed watershed.
There's a restored railroad cabin and a horse sleeping in the pasture that the rangers keep, and you can pick up a guide to the animals and birding at the parking lot/educational facility.
There's also quite a nice bathroom, for government parkland.
We had my toddler godson with us and he enjoyed getting to run around outside a great deal.
By far the saddest thing about Coal Creek is the little aquarium building they have set up on the trail.
It houses what is apparently the last population of Pahrump pupfish, which used to live in a well-spring before we greedy desert assholes drained it to have grass in our yards.
Or whatever.
The fish are nothing much to look at, being kind of drab, small and brown - and they live in murky water, which apparently they prefer because they eat algae.
It's still goddamn sad, though.
The informative plaque on their aquarium will let you know that Fish and Wildlife first moved them to Coal Creek after their original home got drained, and then they were moved to the tank because invasive crawdads and frogs kept eating them.
You are not allowed to picnic here, again, animal sanctuary guys.
We didn't go on any of the other trails because we had a baby and no 4-wheel drive, but we've heard good things.
If you live nearby, I'd recommend a trip - we didn't see any other living souls on the Monday afternoon we went, making this a real piece of wild left for Nevadans to visit.

We drove to the Corn Creek field station of the Desert National Wild Life Refuge  where we walked the various short trails and read the newly installed informational signs.
In the past we have birded this area which includes trees, a meandering stream and a water impoundment..  We also stopped by the temporary visitors center where we talked a helpful ranger who described the various improvements, including a permanent visitors center, that will be taking place.

The place is a 20 mile drive away from Las Vegas and worth it.
Make sure to stop by the visitors center if your there on a weekend to get maps.
There are plenty of hiking trails, camping, back country roads including a 90 plus mile loop back to Vegas.
Best part this amazing place is all FREE!

This review is for Corn Creek Station which is sort of like the gateway to the Desert Wildlife National Refuge....sort of a visitor center.
I've been out here a half a dozen times over the years and have always loved this place.
It's not far from Vegas but due to it's lack of paved roads it doesn't get the type of visitation like RedRock Canyon or Mt Charleston.
That's probably a good thing.
It's always been a great place to bring the dogs and let them off the leash to run around a bit.
There were so few people no one seemed to care.
Well apparently that's changing I was out there today and there is a lot of construction going on.
Looks like they're building a large visitor center.
What once was a large pond has been drained and the water is now in a large concrete pond.
What were once nice winding dirt paths can now best be described as winding sidewalks.
It looked like hard concrete with dirt sprinkled on top.
And we were told twice by a park manager to keep our dogs on a leash.
Guess this guy is instructed to snoop in the bushes and harass dog owners.
Oh well I know lots more beautiful places where no one harasses my dog.
It's still a lovely place and I'm sure non dog owners will love it.

