This store is brand new,  just opened this past Sunday!!
It is right on the edge of the F Q Story historical district.
The store has a more traditional coffee house feel than other Starbucks have.
With the exposed red brick and the open cubbies for storing the syrups, cups and saucers it, the store really says "Come in and stay awhile".
There's is a nice sitting area with two home style chairs and a chaise lounge.
The patio is inviting with a quite grassy area and many trees.
In just a few months, this is going to be the place to hang out and enjoy life!

I like this Charbucks a lot.
I just wish they served non starbucks coffee :)  It's right on a busy corner, but there are steel bollards to prevent drunk drivers from crashing into and killing the folks sitting on the patio.
It's right off the freeway, so I have a lot of business meetings there when I'm working at home - other people can get to it easily from nearby areas.
It's grassy outside and there is comfortable seating.
Inside this starbucks, it's all exposed brick and duct work.
Very urban cool.
I hate that Starbucks charges for WIFI.
I never use it - it's not worth it.
I get Internet over my phone, anyway.
There aren't a lot of coffee options right in this area, so this is pretty much it for me when I need a cuppa joe.

It's my fav starbuck cuz it's across the street form my house.
It taunts me daily.
Pavlovian response make my mouth water for a white mocha nonfat no whip everytime.
The people who work there remember the regulars and offer suggestions and even help you save money by working the angles to get you the combination special price.
Also a good place for people watching or picking up a little something on the way to the light rail or antiquing up 7th Ave.

I am visiting Phoenix for the first time this week, and I like to have familiar along with all the strange of being here newly.
I have not traveled much abroad, so I can imagine it being orders of magnitude more difficult if it was in a country with a foreign language.
So seeing a Starbucks was a relief.
Say what you will, but coming home in a different neighborhood is a good thing.
You can say that SBUX is a home away from home.
I am sure hotels try to do the same thing, to remain unique, but familiar enough so you can relax better.
Came in on Monday morning and ordered 2 Americanos.
Nothing special.
Got my coffee and drove away.
There is no drive through, and they share the building with a Chinese-themed restaurant named Pei Wei Asian Diner.
In looking for this Starbucks, I discovered that  Pei Wei is a subsidiary of P. F. Chang's.
Now you know.
The SBUX was clean, not crowded at 10 in the morning.
Service had  to be good because I was the only customer in the store.

This is a great Starbucks because I found it early on a Saturday morning when I was passing through town really really jonesing for some of my coffee.
I was so relieved I wasn't even upset for having 2 people in line ahead of me.
I got my mocha with a minimum of drama, always a plus.
The server was pleasant and perky, even smiling.
Much better than the Circle K worker across the street.
He was a sourpuss.
Starbucks had cleaner bathrooms too.
I got my gas from sourpuss and my coffee from perky smiles.
Back on the road in less than 20 minutes.
Directions: Take the 7th Avenue North exit off of I-10.
a few blocks north to the corner of W. McDowell Ave.
It is on the southwest  corner of 7th and McDowell.

It's not the friendliest staff that works here at night.
I went in once and was really impressed with the building and the remodel they did, but the two girls working that night ignored me for the most part.
What really pissed me off was the girl who made my drink walked away before ringing it up to get someone else to ring it up for me.
No problem I understand she is probably logged into the cashier, but she sure as hell took her sweet time finishing stocking the fridge before she helped me.

Situated next to a Pei Wei Chinese restaurant on the southwest corner of 7th ave and McDowell, this starbucks seems to have a classy crowd probably due to the reviews here on Yelp.
There are 10-20 seating places outside with plenty of umbrellas and inside they keep the a/c at a pleasant 75F.
Vaulted exposed wood rafters and modern industrial large ac ducting give this and outdoorsy feel without being garrish.
All the servers were polite and fast and I even tested them by paying in quarters for the hell of it.
Plenty of fresh looking food available and the wifi connection speed is the standard 1.4Megabit DL and 1.2 Megabit upload (Divide Mbit by 8 to get actual MB) Ping was 62ms.
5 or so tables inside and 4 comfy victorian-esque seats available for those who want to enjoy wifi or a good read, with side tables, lamps, and plenty of power outlets.
My Chai Latte was manifico, Pros: Indoor Outdoor Seating, upgraded seating, Snacks Coffee Tea, Power outlets, AC, Friendly Staff, Clean, Fast, etc.. Cons: it may be hard to find a seat, due to its popularity now.

This 'bucks is right down the street from my house, so whenever I get a caffeine fix, I take a little walk to my local Starbucks.
It does suck that this, Pei Wei and SideBar took over the fierce Emerald Lounge, but business is business.
Anyway, in no time at all the staff knew my name and my drink.
Does that mean I go there too much or they're just that good?
I vote for the latter, and on top of it these guys know the right way to make my drink.
I've tried to explain my drink to other baristas in other stores from Phoenix to LA to Vegas to San Francisco (jeez I visit Starbucks too much), and they never get it quite right.
Also the place is usually spotless, even when it's crowded, which makes for a great hang out spot.

This 'bucks is right down the street from my house, so whenever I get a caffeine fix, I take a little walk to my local Starbucks.
It does suck that this, Pei Wei and SideBar took over the fierce Emerald Lounge, but business is business.
Anyway, in no time at all the staff knew my name and my drink.
Does that mean I go there too much or they're just that good?
I vote for the latter, and on top of it these guys know the right way to make my drink.
I've tried to explain my drink to other baristas in other stores from Phoenix to LA to Vegas to San Francisco (jeez I visit Starbucks too much), and they never get it quite right.
Also the place is usually spotless, even when it's crowded, which makes for a great hang out spot.
And unlike other Starbucks, it has a grassy lil area to make it feel more comfy!

"The Purple Starbucks" this is what my friends and I refer to this one as!
I've never received anything short of great service at this particular location.
Always clean and quick!

Starbucks is Starbucks, but their service is a big part of why I paid $3 for an iced tea rather than wait in line across the street at McDonalds.
Unfortunatly, they fell shortthis time and I even got a grimace when asking for extra ice for me tea.
It's 110 out, ice is nice - especially for that $3 tea.

The only way this Starbucks could be any more convenient for me would be to add a drive thru!
It is situated right off the 10 (just a short 2 minute drive from my house), so I can swing by first thing in the morning before I get on the freeway to head to work.
It's a smaller store but most people that come through here don't hang out, they are the "grab your coffee and go" types.
However there is a really nice patio outside if you choose to enjoy your drink there.
The employees here are always super friendly, relaxed, and quick with your order, even when the line is to the door!
Out of all the Starbucks in the downtown area, this will always be my first choice!

A cute Starbucks that still has some character despite the corporate attempt to make it just like every other.
The wall where the seats are (along the window) is still solid brick, so there is no way to put a power outlet.
Instead, they have the power outlets in the ceiling, so your cord gets to dangle.
Odd, but charming.
And when you're looking up and stretching to get the power adapter into the jack, note the wood rafters and unfinished ceiling hiding up there.
They also have some umbrella covered tables outside.
Wi-fi worked great.
Tip: This is an "interesting" neighborhood.
Watch your surroundings in the parking lot.

Great location.
Friendly staff.

Iced mocha was good, but nothing special.
Servers were very friendly, however.

Fast and super friendly and got my drink order right.
That is all I expect at Starbucks!

I'm a fan of Starbucks fan, so I'm biased.
But this is what I like about this store (because they aren't all the same).
I love the building.
I kind of wish that all cafes had this version of interior design (and even the Starbucks theme works here).
The staff is so darn nice.
They help start my day with a real smile and a kind word.
The coffee and food is relable and good.

My previous experience at this location was great.
My experience tonight was anything but great.
It took the barista five minutes to even come out from the back room.
Then she was rude when she took my order.
She wouldn't even talk directly to me except to ask me what size I wanted.
She was too busy talking to her co-worker and friends that had come to visit.
I watched for my drink after I ordered it, but it took a few minutes being that there was a lady ahead of me.
I was getting my stuff around for a minute and she didn't even call out my drink - she just left it sitting on the counter.
I mix it up and take a sip of it, ready to ignore all of that, only to have my tastebuds be overcome by all the extra flavor in the drink.
I got a venti caramel crunch frappe and could only drink a fourth of it, because it tasted like I took a bottle of syrup and drank it.
I say all of that to say that it was the baristas working that made this experience a bad one.
I still very much like this location, but I will have to watch for some decent baristas.

I haven't had bad service or a bad experience at all since my last review - it's actually been great each time!
I've been back at least 10 times since then.
And will continue to go back.

This place is pretty much everything I'm looking for from a Starbucks.
Good, standard drinks.
Very friendly staff who remember my name and my order.
Always clean and definitely one of the busier Starbucks locations in the Valley.
Parking in the relatively small attached lot can be tricky at times because they share it w/ a Pei Wei and Sidebar.

Great friendly service.
The morning crew know and remember their customers.
The drinks are out fast.
My favorite store in Phoenix.

Love Starbucks)))) The place is nice, the service is great and it's walking distance from my place.
The only thing I don't like - sometimes they don't have my fav pecan tart.
That's the only desert I'm enjoying.
They should have it always))))

I usually prefer giving my money to local venues, however, this is my FAVORITE Starbucks.
The baristas are always in a great mood and smiling.
They also make an effort to remember their customers, which is difficult to do in such a large city.
The only downfall is the fact they share parking with Pei Wei, often making it difficult to find a spot.

Probably won't be going back to this Starback...
I ordered the green tea frapp and Chicken Bacon Swiss sandwich...
Waited 10 minutes to be told that they were out of the ingredients for the sandwich.
:-(   The guy exits to the side after relaying this bit of news to me.
I sit.., as I am waiting to get a refund.
Guy returns only to start taking orders.
I go back up to the counter and inquired about the refund.
Guy states, "oh, we have it.
" Uuuh!
I get the $6 sandwich and literary there are two cubes of chicken and two shriveled up slices of bacon on a half toasted bun.
Geez!
Seating is limited.
The store is very tight.
Good thing that the green tea frapp had it going on or this review would be one star!

