"Just a spoonful of sugar, helps the pizza go down"  I think that little ditty was the kitchen's motto when this place was Nello's, in Old Town...not any more:)  I never really cared for Nello's all that much...just too sweet in the sauce department for my taste...not just the pizza, but pretty much everything they made that used red sauce of any kind.
I'm happy to say that Jac bought this place last week, changed the name and threw away the bags of sugar that must have been littering the kitchen:)  The result is a very much improved, pizza centric, Italian dining experience:)  The Beautiful Carin and I met another couple for dinner at Jac's last evening...a double date...we're feeling social again:)  None of us knew that Nello's had changed hands...we went back and forth with texts to make sure that we were in the right spot...very entertaining:)  But once we were in, it was clear that things had changed...and for the better:)  Carin and I each had a well made vodka martini...for $3.00 a pop...made with decent vodka, too!
We had appetizers...including a very well done bowl of mussels in a vodka sauce that was "lick the bowl" good (although I didn't actually lick the bowl...much like when I was actually dating, Carin tells me that I should be on my best behavior when we are double dating...I don't know why...it's not like we're going home with them...but I was good:)  The new pizza menu at Jac's offers new and interesting artisan options, including the well done "Margherita" and a "Bela Dela Meat" something or other that was wonderful!
These pizza's were savory, well made, smokey from the wood oven and they were huge!
:-)  We had two pizza's and ended up taking home almost  1/2 of each pizza:)  A great value at under $80 US money for four of us, including multiple cocktails, two big pizza's and two appetizers:)  Finally, while the décor hasn't changed, the atmosphere has...the cherry on top of the whipped cream was the delightful little jazz combo playing in the corner...at a level that gave us a great background music for our date, yet still let us carry on a conversation (Carin tells me that's a rule of dating...getting to know someone...so many dating rules...I thought I was done with all that...now I find that the rules are doubled for double dates:)  If you still need the sweet red sauce hit, ask them to bring the sugar bowl to the table...otherwise, drop by Jac's and enjoy the marti's and the pizza...oh, and get yourself a bowl of the mussel's...you can thank me when you see me:)

Review is for bar experience only.
They have nearly 100% craft beers (damn Bud Light at the end), with Firestone, Sam Adams Noble Pils, Papago Brewing, and others.
Friendly service and reasonable prices at the bar.
Nice clean atmosphere.
Toursity spot there on the SE corner of Scottsdale and 1st.

Had the goat cheese pizza with arugula and mushrooms, and they had $2 sessions all day!
The pizza was good, thin and crispy.
Good dining experience, the menu looked like it had a lot of potential, and the drinks were reasonably priced.
Plus they have draft beer, which is not all that common in dtown Scottsdale.

lets start by saying that the quattro frommage pizza is good.
They have a nice beer selection on tap, including Firestone DBA, Samuel Adams Noble Pils and Odell's 90 Schilling.
Atmosphere is comfortable with friendly bartenders.
They have a very nice Vodka selection as well.
Would recommend Jac's for lunch or a late night bite.
I hear a rumor that Jac's proprietor also owns a microbrewery.
How cool is that?

Not wanting to wait 35-45 minutes for a table at Grimaldi's my friend Devin and I decided to wander the streets of Old Town instead.
We were in search of other food when we found Jac's down the street, accross Scottsdale Rd.
I was surprised as it used to be Nello's and looking in, there were plently of empty tables.
It was sprinkling and we were feeling adventurous so we decided to go in.
The interior was calm and warmly lit.
something I like.
There were the now obligitory flat screen TVs but thankfully they were on mute.
There was also a piano in the dining room and even though I asked him to play a little something, unfortunaly he wouldn't!
(cheap guy!
)  We had the house White Zin which was good and came with an adjoining mini carafe, nice for only $5!
We ordered and began to wait.... and wait... and WAIT!
About 20 minutes later, our appetizer came.
great crustini topped with the usual caprese suspects: fresh tomato, fresh basil, olive oil, balsamic vinagarette, but what made this pop was the melted fresh buffalo mozzerella cheese!
Melty, sorta gummy and very yummy, it made me mad that I never thought of it before... yeah, some foodie!
Never thought to melt the effing cheese!
We wolfed that down and talked a bit and waited paitently for our pizza.
This resulted in another waiting game.
There were three tables full... and about five people at the bar... what the HELL?!
We waited  25-35 minutes for our pizza.
Our server brought us some bread, which was appreciated but still... that's a bit of a wait.
My guess is that they burnt it and had to remake it.
The wait made them lose a star.
But when it finally hit the table... almost all was forgiven... almost!
The blanco pizza with its mozzerella cheese, fresh basil, ricotta cheese and our requested sausage.
Was simple and simply wonderful.
It was gone in a heartbeat not just because we were starving (from all the waiting) but because it was so GOOD!
it's so good I would order this pizza to go and cuddle up on the couch while watching a tearjerker all by myself... not because I don't want to cry infront of others... but because I don't want to share...
THERE I said it!
We ended the meal with some tiramisu.
It was creamy and coffee-y.
I don't know if I'll have it again, I think I'll try another dessert next time.
Over all, it was good.
I'll go again, if I have spare time to waste or good company like I did this time.
To my yelpers I say: if you're not willing to fight the lines at Grimaldi's give this place a go.
You'll have a good meal for a good price.

How very disappointing!
Nello's had a delightful menu with an array of salads, pizzas and sandwiches.
Not Jac's.
If the new restaurant wants to be a "pub", it should have a wider variety of selections.
The menu was sad.
Due to dietary restrictions, I asked for a plain garden salad.
Lettuce, tomatoes and onions.
And it wasn't very fresh either.
Sad.
Guess we'll be driving up north to Pima Crossing to visit Nello's.

This is one of our favorite pizza places - for the food, value, drinks and great atmosphere!
I originally discovered them at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival, and am so happy I did!
It is in a great location, walking distance to a bunch of fun bars so it's a great place to start the night in Old Town.
My husband and I's favorite thing on the menu is the margarita pizza.
The crust is so crisp and perfect!
As for drinks, Jac's has a really fun cocktail menu, and also a good wine selection.
Our favorite: the ONEHOPE Cabernet Sauvignon.
Affordable, smooth, and pretty cool that half of the profits are donated to charity.
Definitely check this place out, you'll love it!

I took my dad here on Friday night for his birthday.
it's new in our neighborhood and we decided to give it a try.
We started out with the bruschetta and pepperoni rolitos.
The bruschetta was pretty tasty- proscuitto, black olives, melted mozzarella, with a balsamic drizzle.
The only thing that would have made this bruschetta so much better would have been fresh tomatos instead of the side of warm marinara..which I thought was strange.
The rolitos came with the same side of marinara and were pretty good, but you had to use the marinara or they were super dry.
Ok, here's where they lost a star... before we got there, both of us looked at the menu online to have an idea of what we would get and since it was dad's birthday, he wanted a nice, special pasta dish.
Welp, once we arrived, we notice the menu online was not the current menu.
After we ask what the deal is, the server informs us that now, they are down to just pizza, paninis, 2 pasta dishes, and a few appetizers.
My dad was hungry and did not want to go somewhere else so we just split 2 small pizzas.
The pizza was TOTALLY different from the pictures online.
A completely different crust and look.
It was pretty good, but not out of the world.
They charge an extra 1.98 a pizza for fresh mozzarella, which I thought was weird, but ok. To top things off, service was crap.
I told the girl it was dad's bday and she still instantly brought the check after we got our pizzas.
I had an empty water glass for about 10 minutes before I flagged her down and asked for a refil...she took the glass and never came back with it.
Apparently, we weren't ordering dessert because the bill was on the table.
She kept looking at the table so I am assuming she was trying to get out of there.
She would have made at least an extra $10 on the bill by waiting to see if we wanted dessert.
The only other strange thing is they were playing loud hard rock music... strange for an Italian joint.
If I remember right, I think Disturbed was playing...which is def not something dad wants to listen to while eating pizza.

I have come here a couple times now for lunch with co-workers.
This place is great for lunch... the prices are reasonable and the service is quick and friendly.
Thus far I have tried the pizza rolls appetizer (cant remember the actual name on the menu :)) and the chef's special soup.
I really liked both items a lot.
The soup was a potato soup with sausage in it and it was very tasty.
The pizza rolls you could pick between pepperoni or buffalo chicken...
I had the pepperoni and cheese.
The crust was really yummy... maybe a little too much cheese for my taste but still really good.
I will be back I'm sure!

Potential bad news.....the phone number is "temporarily disconnected", and the web-site doesn't work.
Uh-oh.......

We had a thin crust pepperoni and sausage pizza.
If I wanted to get a frozen pizza,i would go to the grocery store.
The crust was bland, and soggy with a caned sauce.
The sausage was little round discs with no flavor.
We give this one star because we have to give it a rating.

