Wow!!!
This is a two story T&C in the prestigious Crystal shops.
I was in HEAVEN!!!
We were greeted by the security guard, and began to browse.
I was going to buy a cleaning cloth for my jewelry, but all the associates were assisting other customers.
Everything was soooo sparkly!!!!!!!
It's nice to dream, isn't it?

My birthday is January 9th and I was turning 20.
It has always been my dream to have a piece from Tiffany's, and I stalked the website on a regular basis.
I am extremely shy and intimidated by stores like Tiffany's, though I love the things inside.
My boyfriend had been planning on getting me a birthday gift from there for some time, and I was pretty excited.
At the last minute I thought we shouldn't go.
I was partially nervous and partially afraid of spending the money.
(hehe, I am not your typical girl that wants to spend lots of money!
)   We were walking around City Center admiring the art and architecture when he saw the store, and decided to drag me in.
I looked at all of the beautiful pieces and he told me that he was going to buy me something.
:)   So a nice guy named JOSH (he is mentioned in lots of reviews here and other sites) helped us.
My boyfriend picked out the heart pendant that says I love You on it and the sales guy was exceptional.
He truly made the experience that much more exciting and memorable.
I am sure that this guy will be the guy my boyfriend buys and engagement ring from, and many other pieces of jewelry in my future.
If you are intimidated by this store, or afraid you can't afford something, talk to JOSH Mcintosh.
He will put you at ease and help you get something within budget.

I love Tiffanys!!!
Okay first off, I love how these workers don't judge.
They help you either way..
Doesn't matter if you dress all fancy with your Vera Wang shoes and gucci bags or if you wear your payless shoes with your fake guchi purse from china town.
They'll still greet you and let you try on any rings or necklaces!
Plus my boyfriend just bought my necklace :)

Went in to get my necklace cleaned before heading over to the pool at Aria.
I was greeted quickly and directed to the back area.
I left my necklace and ended up picking it up the next day.
Once again I was greeted quickly.
There was a long wait, but I didn't mind browsing with my guy and trying on a few pieces while we waited.
My necklace came back and looked better than new!

Great store with great customer service.
The selection of items here ranges from the very affordable to the very expensive - which is nice.
I was in town from Omaha and I went in to get a present to take home to my gf.
The salesperson ended up being a ex-Nebraskan and she was great.
The necklace was a hit too!

If I could give this store no stars I would.
The customer service is horrible!
My mother and I walked into the store a few minutes after opening.
There was only one sales associate who was already helping a couple.
I had done some online pre-window shopping so I already had in mind what I was looking for.
We patiently waited at the counter near the items we wanted to look at.
A few other customers floated in a short while later and were all waited on while we were left standing there.
At one point the security guard, who has seen us walk in and saw us standing in place for over 10 minutes at the counter offered to call assistance for another customer and said nothing to us.
I made a comment that we were there prior to her.
This fact was not acknowledged by him or the two additional sales associates who came out and immediately started helping people who arrived after us.
I have never had such disrespectful treatment in a store, let alone one that is typically held in such high regard.
I was going to visit one of the other stores they had in Las Vegas, but this experience made such a bad impression that I passed.
Good customer service would have been for the associates to inquire about who was first and assist customers based upon that.

I wish I can leave zero star for the service.
My boyfriend and I went ring shopping on the Strip.
This store left us standing waiting for quite a while just to look at a ring.
I wouldn't say anyone there was helpful.
They even helped another couple ahead of us when we were waiting first.
Then, a group of asian tourist came in to the store and we were completely forgotten by the staff.
A saleswoman named King instead of helping us, she ran after the Asian group .
It was just a bad experience.
My boyfriend ended up getting my ring from Van Cleef & Arpel instead.
Gorgeous ring and great customer service.

The token Tiffany's in Vegas that carried the Elsa Peretti Doughnut Jade ring in my size... and for that I was already thankful!
Friendly staff (I think because we were on a mission to buy...) so yah they were friendly...
THANKS SIS for the ring!

Exceptional place, excellent customer service.
I gave it 4 stars because they didn't have the charm I wanted.
However where the other stores on the strip wouldn't order it for me, this one did!
Very pleased with this store.
When I come back, I'm comb to this specific store.

Who wouldn't like Tiffany & C?.
A dream come true for the lovers, the dreamers and me!

THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!
I walked in here in a tank and shorts with my cousin and I was looking at necklaces and bracelets and the lady working at that time (I wish i got her name) made me feel SO unwanted.
She let me try on the infinite bracelet which was like $200 and when I wanted to try on this other one she basically stopped and was like that's " white gold and that's like $2000" and basically didn't let me try it....she basically looked down on me, I cannot believe how rude she was!
Not only that, but she was helping another lady before me and was being so nice to her, but when it came to me you could totally tell her mood changed and how she didn't want to help me.
She was seriously judging me by how I look and probably because I'm "young.
" Seriously this is the WORST location to come to even the security guards were nice and welcoming!
No matter who you are or how you look the customers should ALWAYS feel welcomed and it's their duty to HELP and pursuade the customer to buy their product.
She obviously needs to be retrained or better yet be dismissed from the company because of her lack of customer service and her discrimination.
If I could give this place zero stars I would!

I can  not believe how bad their customer service is.
Only 1 out of 5-6 sale ladies there greeted me n asked if i am looking for something specific.
The rest of them seemed to be either busy w their own things or to judge people by how they look as if they are interested in buying something.
then decided not to waste their time assisting those customers .
we all do window shopping sometimes !
just very weird n cold atmosphere at this huge store that made me so uncomfortable n i walked out after 5 mins.
The Bellagio store is so much better even though its smaller but the staffs there r supper friendly n informative !

I've worked in customer service for over ten years, and the service my boyfriend and I received today was definitely five stars.
We walked in about 40 minutes prior to closing and were greeted by the security man at the door.
We walked into the second room and were then greeted by Liz.
Liz introduced herself and asked us our names, she told us where we would find which type of jewelry.
Liz maintained polite conversation as we browsed and shared some Tiffany & Co fun facts with us.
I saw a giant 3.5 carat engagement ring and asked to see it.
Even though we didn't specify what we were shopping for (not ngagement rings), Liz was happy to take us into a private viewing room to look at the giant diamond ring.
I tried on three different rings, and then we made our way into the fashion jewelry area.
Once again, Liz was helpful and patient, she showed me the various pieces of jewelry I wanted to look at.
I made my selection, and Liz wrapped it up beautifully and included her card.

Small tiffany's but has a great selection.
They were so nice.
They did a quick cleaning of one of my rings and it sparkles like new again!
I had to wait a few to get some service to get some earrings because most of the employees were up in the front helping people with the diamonds, where I was just buying silver

HELLO!
This store is beautiful!
The staff are very polite and helpful..
This store is amazingly beautiful.
I mean did I say it is beautiful?
AAhhh, I could spend hours looking at all the sparkly magical things Tiffany's has.
The charms are the best, so cute and really well thought out, the craftsmanship is top notch!

This review is for Richard Zhao only!
He is amazingly helpful and kind!
I came in 11/25/13 to have an atlas bracelet I purchased from the Tiffany's at Caesars Palace (less than a month ago) fixed.
I was leaning against the couch when it broke the night before and rushed to the city center store because it was next to the hotel I was staying at.
When my husband and I waked in only the security guard greeted us.
The sales associate ladies just ignored us.
Whatever, so I walked on until we saw that Richard was almost free with helping a lady with her purchase.
He greeted us warmly, and helped me with my situation.
He was so nice about it that I went and purchased a pair of dainty gold olive branch earrings from him.
He even gave my husband and I bottled water when he asked for some!
How wonderful!
After our purchase then all the other sales associates became attentive.
Too late suckas!!
Go see Richard if you want to feel special at Tiffany's!

Richard Zhao!
Ask for this guy if you pay this location a visit.
He's very professional, personable, and isn't pushy.
Enough said.

I liked my experience at this Tiffany & Co.
I think that it was my clerk that made the difference for me.
I walked in with my friends looking terrible.
We were on our way out of town and in our cheap yoga pants and Tevas.
Did the employees turn thier noses up at us?
Nope!
No Pretty Woman experience!
I asked to see a few things and was treated respectfully.
When I bought a necklace, it was pretty quick.
My friends were treated well even though they were not buying anything.
Thanks to the Tiffany staff at this location!
I was totally willing to splurge because of your curtesy.

