We've purchased and enjoyed fish from this company a handful of times... all from the Old Town Farmers Market.
From salmon to black cod medallions and most recently, black cod fillet, we've never had a bad piece of fish.
I see on their website that they offer several other kinds of seafood, and that they have a presence at other Valley farmers markets too... you'll find them doing the circuit from Wednesdays through Saturdays.
You do pay a bit of a premium for this product; it's not cheap... but it is some of the best quality fish I've had - and I admit, we're not the best cooks, but we haven't even screwed this fish up!
Thanks for the recipes and tips, guys - we'll see you soon!

Just finished eating our wonderful King Salmon purchased at the Sky Song Farmers Market.
it was expensive but absolutely wonderful!
You get what you pay for!

I admit it, I fell for the hook.
The big old yellow lab who greets all passersby every Saturday at the Old Town Farmers Market, and will cram his equally big head in your bag to see what might be appealing.
He was particularly fond of another customer's collard greens yesterday.
So there's the 5th star.
As for the fish, it's pretty fantastic, too.
We've been purchasing both the king salmon ($22/lb) and the silver salmon ($15/lb) regularly for the last few months and have never been disappointed.
It is so good, in fact, that it was still edible even after it caught fire last week on the grill, though not my recommended serving suggestion.
The only problem is once you eat this fish, you will forever be tied to a higher price tag than what's available in most grocery stores.
Is it worth it?
Absolutely!

Go to the most expensive restaurant you can find.
Order the most expensive King Salmon you can get.
It still will not compare to what you can buy from Alaskan Pride!
We purchased our first fish from them on Saturday, June 23 and ate it last night.
In the toaster oven until the fish just started to flake.
It was the most delicious fish I have ever eaten.
We purchased while at the Central Farmers Market (Central & Northern Avenues) open each Saturday morning.
We WILL be back this week for more!

