I took my family to the family night improv show at glass nickle and we had a wonderful time.
It was so much fun, for adults and kids.
The venue for the show felt weird at first but, as more people came in the show started, it was all good times!
My only complaint is about the patrons.
Some other families came and hid out in the back - they clearly did not understand how improv comedy worked.
Props to the Monkey Biz folks for getting those people to liven up, participate, and actually enjoy themselves.
By the end of the show, even the grumpy anti-social nagging mother (who literally pushed her kindergardener to the stage while she herself, wouldn't volunteer) was laughing and smiling!
We're definitely going again!

This place was pretty cool, went to the ten o'clock show and was pretty packed.
We go seats by the bar, which was cool cause i could get a drink easly and not have to wait for a watress.
The performs were pretty good, good improvising, about a two hour show with a break in the middle.
Good place to take a date or group of friends the get the crowd involved by asking them questions in which they will improvise on which is what going to an improv is.
the crowd when i went seemed pretty into it and enjoyed answering the questions.
oh ya and got a pie to go.
that glass nickle is the boom.

This was our first time at Monkey Business.
We were entertaining some friends from out of town and were looking for a true Madison experience.
This show did not disappoint!
The actors were clever and very entertaining.
The food was delicious.
The drinks were mixed a little strong but still yummy.
The only disappointment was that there were drink specials before the show but not during.
We were unaware of this until the bill came.
Overall, it was a great night out and we will be returning very soon!

While the Glass Nickle was a great place to see improv, I was disappointed with the comedy troupe.
The show was rather slow-moving, there were too many skits that failed, and it was not very well-polished overall.
I loved ComedySportz (back in it's day here); the MBI didn't even come close.
:-(

Took the teenagers to the early show.
They loved it, I loved it, food was fine (bar food).
Lots of younger kids, but it really is the perfect event or teenagers.
Generally dinner out with my crew is frustrating, this was a nice night out with no fussing between the kids, so great night for mom!

The Monkey Business folks reached out to me, and I had another opportunity to see a show.
We had a great time - the players were great (some were former players at ComedySportz), the show was spirited and fast-moving, and the pizza was delish.
Thanks to MBI for offering this entertainment to the community!

I've gone to the shows, I've taken the classes and I've gotten used to the feel of a solid belly laugh.
If you're looking to switch things up on a Saturday night, head on down to the Glass Nickel on Atwood and catch yourself some improv.
The MBI troupe is a mish-mash of top notch talent offering both family friendly and late night shows.
The downstairs setting at Glass Nickel for the shows is intimate and prime for getting you slightly out of your comfort zone.
The beer you can down during it also helps with that too.
And when you're done watching one of the shows, get on stage yourself as you consider dabbling in the variety of classes they offer.
The classes are a bit pricey but they're more than willing to accommodate with multiple payment options.
Both Brad and Jason are fabulous teachers, devoted to taking the intimidation out of improv comedy one awkward audience recommendation at a time.
I'm now in the process of completing level 4 (they have 5 core level classes) and am considering signing up for the music special topics class this summer.
I didn't think I could get any more hilarious than I was but surprise, surprise.
*  *Classes do not teach humility.

saw a show at the glass nickel as part of a super cool yelp event (i'm told there are many).
i was a virgin to all three.
cherry (tomato) (sauce) popped hours later, i'm driving home in the afterglow.
if u have a chance to catch their saturday night show DO IT!
and if u have a chance to volunteer to act out a scene with them, DOUBLE DOG DARE DO IT!
i laughed so hard and loved it so much, i'm hooked and MBI is my pimp.

I encountered Monkey Business first through a friend who took their classes.
I went to watch her and saw a sign for the shows.
I was so excited to find improv shows in Madison!
I have been attending shows every several months since.
It's always a good time with lots of laughs and tasty food (Glass Nickel).

This was a painful evening.
When actor/comedians are expecting to riff off of an idea it certainly helps that they have a smattering of knowledge about things.
For example, it's awfully tough to make  a subject like alchemy funny when you clearly don't know what alchemy is.
Out of the 4 performers, I couldn't see a single member with any talent for improvisation at all.
The chuckling and occasional guffaw that came from the audience has to have been attributable to public drunkenness,  either that or the troupe had relatives in the audience.
I was shocked to see that Monkey Business actually conducts classes on improv.
I think that maybe they should consider taking some classes from say Second City who actually can do this kind of of comedy.
If they have in fact taken some classes and the performance I saw last night is what resulted, it's best they don't quit their day jobs.
10/23/13 As an addendum,  I was contacted by a principal of the troupe following my review and given a full refund for both mine and my wife's tickets.
I was impressed by his deep humility at the performance as given and was assured it was an "off night' for he and his troupe.
These things do happen so I had to apologize for not being able to see for myself a subsequent show explaining I am not from the Madison area and only make a yearly visit.
So, don't let my one time experience influence you overtly.
When people believe in what they're doing they generally can deliver and can be forgiven for having off days as we all occasionally do.

So much fun for kids and adults!
It's a good price for lots of laughter!

I missed out on the Yelp event that was held here a few months ago, so I was happy to have the opportunity to attend one of the shows as a plain-Jane "civilian.
" I look forward to attending many more shows in the future!
+ Ticket prices were more than reasonable - I'd suggest buying them online prior to the show; buying them in person was a bit challenging because the GNP employees didn't seem to have any idea how/where I could get tickets prior to 7:00pm.
+ Great warm-up/background music before the show + The emcee was fantastic - she was truly funny and energetic - really got the crowd going + The performers were quick-witted, animated, and kept the show moving along at a great pace + The crowd (8pm show) was hilarious yet respectful + I could see hiring them for a corporate event or a private party - seems like it would be a great activity  - My only ding (and it's no reflection on MBI at all) - the GNP venue.
- It's a great concept, but it's very poorly executed.
Here's why:   1.
Only one bartender, who doubles as a server... that's a bad combo when you've got 30+ people in the basement.
Service only takes place before the show and during intermission.
I arrived at 7:20pm, was promptly seated, and didn't see my server/bartender until 7:50pm.
That's 30 minutes of looking around, staring at the walls, and wondering when someone would drop by to serve up a brew or two.
When the guy did arrive, he was so frazzled and harried that his greeting was, "What do you want?
" And I was like, "Ok... Um - I'd like a pitcher of Riverwest and a 14" border-to-border pizza.
" He let out a huge sigh, a huff, and then disappeared.
A minute before show time, the pitcher was quite literally dropped-off at the table (beer sloshing around); two glasses appeared and after a bit; the pizza arrived (mid-show).
Never saw him again, except for when he dropped off the check, which was wrong (he included other people's drinks on our tab), but I didn't feel like trying to sort it out, so I left cash on the table and left.
Get some more servers down there!
The venue is too cramped as well; I don't mind communal seating, but when the tables are so close together that people can't move an inch, there's a problem.
We were sandwiched in between two tables and literally rubbing shoulders with strangers the entire time.
My suggestion: get rid of one of the large tables, or find a bigger venue, and at the very least, have 2 bartenders down there and 2 servers.
It would make things much more enjoyable outside of the actual show/entertainment.

