This place has everything!

This place rocks and Jaclyn rules!

Buyers beware.

Excellent prices, clean, great staff!!!
Always a pleasant experience!!
And their equipment is all up to date.
Love this place!

Bought a Deal Chicken to experience this Scottsdale spa.
Nicki was on duty and provided a great experience.
She was very careful to make sure I was comfortable and understood the use of the machines and walked me through the whole process.
It was very clean.
I loved the hydro-pod and the facial treatment, as well as the massage chair and table.
There was no pressure to join, but after everything was explained in detail, I was sold!!
I am looking forward to going and appreciate the great care I have gotten so far!
This is a great concept with a great staff.

Beware of buying their memberships.
It's a SCAM.
Bought a 6-month membership which debits your account on a monthly basis.
I clarified when the payments would end.
Twice.
September, they said.
Well, they lied to me and charged for October.
When I called, was told need to complete a form requesting the payments to stop.
Which is not a guarantee the payments will ever stop.
They're in the habit of withholding information.
Got that?
6-month means forever for these people.
Be careful.
And don't buy it.

I still love going to this place and have since added the red light therapy to my monthly charge.
It is amazing.
My joint pain I have had since having Valley  Fever is finally gone and my skin is soft and well hydrated.
The staff is great and give great customer service.
I love this place and highly recommend it!

The owner was kind enough to allow me to  utilize my groupon that expired for a 30 days for $30 red light.
I read some stuff on the internet and thought that  if it helps then great, if not then I'll have spent some meditative alone time in a enclosed pod.
After the first visit, it was relaxing, they offered me the protective eye buds and I lay in the pink lit pod.
I went back the next day and it was a horrible experience.
There was rock music in one room, blaring along with the "bad spa music" coming from the lumier room on the other side.
Get me the hell outta here!
I complained to the young woman owner, who refunded my money so quickly it was funny.
She said that she can't cater to everyone--Well then why the hell call it MY RESORT tanning and spa?
She said that she had no complaints and that people find the "redundant spa music" quite fine.
The owner obviously has a lot of people duped into buying all of that fancy crap lotion that costs more than a bottle of Goldschlager and that has gold flakes in it and you can at least get a buzz.
Any one with intellect will read the ingredients and see that the major components are simply aloe, humectants, dimethicone, stale avocado oils and methyparaben and propylparaben.
"it makes the lights work better" as the young sales girl commented.
Save your money, go to a yoga class, buy some nice lotion without the paraben in it.

I have been coming to this location for 3 years or more and LOVE it!
The staff is so friendly and they always make me feel so welcome!
I love that it is affordable and clean!
Kuddos ladies for all the hard work and wonder customer service!!!!
I will never give up my membership :)

I have been coming to this business for at least 3 years and it its amazing!!!!
The staff is friendly and facilities are clean.
Pricing is great and it is very affordable!!

Awesome place!!!
You must go and try all the services!!!

Resort Tanning and Spa rocks!
Their beds are always clean!
I have gone to a few tanning places, this one is my favorite!
Defiantly recommend going here!
You wont be disappointed!

Staff is very friendly and you get your money's worth compared to the competition!

Great place!
Clean and affordable!
Tina was so nice!
The spray tan looks great!

You really get your money's worth here!
I currently pay 60 dollars a month for unlimited bed tanning, hydration machine, and massage bed and only 5 dollar sprays!!
The employees here are so knowledgable and sweet!
The owner and Alex are my favorite!
Place is always clean and nice beds!
Nothing bad to say about this place!

