Preformed beef patties probably purchased from Costco does not bode well with me.
When your menu only has about 15 different things to offer one would expect that you are an expert in these items.
You would be wrong in this situation.
4 starters, 3 salads, 5 sandwiches and a few sides is not a lot to choose from.
Maybe if I mention the kids items I could "up" the number of menu items.
But I will not.
We opt for water with lemon in every restaurant we dine.
Here we got the saddest little slivers of old lemon I have ever seen.
I guess lemons are a premium citrus and cannot be spared.
The gentleman that took our order, 10 minutes before his tee time, suggested my mom try the Fajita salad as "it is the best salad on the menu".
My poor mom ended up with a cup of lettuce, a teaspoon of pre-shredded cheddar cheese, a tablespoon of sour cream, a tablespoon of pico de gallo, 4 black olives and a fried .
something or other (couldn't place it and didn't attempt to taste).
She asked for extra pico as it required flavor in a bad way and was presented with just one more tablespoon in a small ramekin.
I had the burger.
I asked for it medium and got well done.
I didn't ask for it to be redone because looking at the preformed patty i  knew there were only two choices with these; frozen or done.
The bun was good and would have been perfect with a fresh hand formed beef patty.
I had to pay extra for the fries, they were okay.
I'd like to say that there would be no reason for me to return, but I left my check card there and had to go back to retrieve it.
Unfortunate for The Boatzhouse that will be the last time I return, unless I forgot anything else.
Wait, where are my car keys .

A small neighborhood bar and grill.
A very open atmosphere, with a friendly staff.
It has a real sense of a neighborhood bar and grill.
Someplace you could go every Friday night, and see some of your neighbors, and maybe get to know a few folks.
On a busy night, I almost get the sense someone is going to yell, "Norm" when people walk in the door.
A few items from the regular menu that I have tried The chopped salad is good.
Not your run-of-the-mill, bar food salad.
Has a bit of flare to it.
Their boneless buffalo wings are a good value.
Good portions, and priced right.
Try the Bruschetta, a different take on the traditional offering, with chopped olives.
All items are priced right.
Each night they offer one or two specials.
My husband ordered the Sirloin, it came with mashed potatoes and a mixed vegetable side.
Not a canned mixed vegetable side, but real mixed veggies like carrots, green beans and brocolli.
The sirloin was prepared well, and had good flavor.
Very much like eating at home.
I ordered a Bean and Ham soup.
It was awesome.
Very hearty and full of good things:  carrots, chunks of ham, northern (white) beans.
A large portion , and I took leftovers home.
Worth checking out.
It is tucked in behind the M&I Bank

Nice local neighborhood place to come and enjoy.
Excellent food...  Nightly happy hours and weekend entertainment.
I recommend the Swedish sliders!!

This is the kind of place my husband and I have wanted around since moving to Arizona 4 years ago.
This place is such a  nice neighborhood bar and grill.
The kind of place where everyone knows your name!
Show up there on a Friday night and the place is buzzing with the locals and everyone mixes and mingles.
We've eaten here several times and every dish we have had has been very good.
My favorite is the Greek Salad and my husband loves the burgers.
They have daily specials and we have tried some really good dishes.
The portions are perfect and they will customize the food.
I had the Philly Steak in a wrap and it was the best.
The staff is very friendly and the service is great.
We have gone a number of times, and will return as often as we can.
We like to go on Friday nights and are enjoying getting to know a few of the neighbors.
You cannot really see them from the road ... they are tucked in behind the CVS and worth checking out.

Went for a few drinks here on a Saturday night and had a very nice time.
Bartender was pleasant, drinks were good and we met several folks from the neighborhoods nearby..one couple even rode their bicycles over!
Very laid back place.
I actually like the burgers and the yummy potato chips.
Location is hard to find.
Look for the CVS and you'll find Boatzhouse behind it.

We came here to watch a game with some friends and we had a fun time.
It's a convenient neighborhood restaurant with a bar.
It is family friendly.
The hot wings were some of the best I'd ever had- real meaty and the sauce was perfect, the BBQ flavor wasn't that good but everything else was delicious.
You have to try the fried mushrooms- awesome!
Great selection of beer and friendly service.
Wecwill definitly come back.

My wife and I moved to Chandler, AZ in September of 2010 from the suburbs of Chicago.
We have been looking for a nice neighborhood restaurant and we have now found one.
The "Boatzhouse" is that place.
The owners are very nice and the staff is terrific.
They normally have drink specials during the week and the food is real good..  Prices are reasonable and the portions are nicely sized.
We have been there about a dozen times now.
We try to bring new people with us every time we go there.
We have had several people from our neighborhood join us there.
It is a great little place to meet and have a few beers, some appetizers or dinner.
This little gem of a restaurant is hidden behind the CVS pharmacy on Gilbert Road and E. Chandler Heights Road.
This is our "Cheers" bar.

Great local Bar and Grill.
Family run.
Great value.
Want to grab a beer and just kick back with friends, go here.
Street and dirt bike friendly as well.
Stuck behind Autozone, so don't miss it.

I really enjoy this place because I have not found a restaurant like it.
This is the type of local restaurant you just love to go hang out at and enjoy some drinks with some great friends.
The food is always great and the staff is very polite as well as personable.
i have been to some restaurants where the staff are just machines, this is definitely not the case at the Boatzhouse.
Come here for a great relaxing evening on the patio and enjoy some great drinks!!

My husband and I love this little restaurant.
Great burgers and wraps!
Really quick wait staff.

We went here because I bought the $10 for $20 worth of food / drinks Groupon thing.
The food was pretty decent.
The cottage cheese dip stuff sounded interesting so we got it and it was very good.
My girlfriend got the shrimp tacos and she liked them.
I did the buffalo chicken salad.
It was good too.
So why am I only giving it 1 star?
Because they only honored $10 of the $20 Groupon.
So basically I paid $10 to get $10 off of my bill.

My husband and I love this place.
It's tucked away and doesn't have a sign yet, but it's such a great place.
Every meal I have had has been really good.
I have stuck with the wraps mostly, and the Southwestern Wrap is heaven, probably the best wrap I have ever had.
The wings are great too, just the kicked up basic.
The wait staff is always really good even when it's busy, and the drinks are great!
If you haven't tried it yet, you must.
I know there was a place before it, but it's not anything like it!

Don't go by the low ratings.
Since the new owners took over, The Cove has been our favorite local neighborhood place to go for outstanding food that is so reasonably priced it's hard to beat.
If you go there on a Friday night, expect to wait for a seat unless you get there really early.
Saturdays are a better time to try, but that will probably change as word gets around.
Remember, word of mouth is the best advertisement, and this place wouldn't be so crowded if it wasn't so good.
Food IS good, kid-friendly atmosphere, and I'd rather patronize a small neighborhood place than a big corporate chain that could care less if you return or not.
Tell them "Daffy", the guy with the trike sent ya!

Great food, great value!
We eat there often.

We love the Cove Grill.
We happened upon it once using a Groupon coupon.
We are now regulars and enjoy taking family and friends to this cozy and fun establishment.
I enjoy walking in and Brianna knows our drink orders by heart, and always makes us feel welcomed.
I LOVE the buffalo chips!
The burgers are great!
The salads are tasty and the wraps are a plus on the menu.
We like that they will make any sandwhich into a wrap as well.
I would like to attend a happy hour some evening, the Sandpail drinks look fun!
Picture the lil plastic sand pail you used as a child or that your child uses at the beach...fill it with white liquors and mixer and there you have a fun adult beverage!
Thanks Robert and Brianna for always providing amazing service at a reasonable price!
See you soon!

Small bar space but great place for happy hour if you're in the area.
Ladies night specials on Thursdays are great.
If you like blue cheese on your wings I haven't found a better place.
Blue cheese is awesome with big chunks of blue cheese.

My husband and I love this place.
I think it's Tuesdays when kids eat free and our kids love it, but usually we go by ourselves for a quick bite to eat sans children.
It's not a chain and we LOVE that it's a locally owned business.
The couple who own it are from Washington state and there are quite a few WA loyalists who frequent the place.
The owners are friendly and always have time for a quick visit no matter how busy they are.
You have to try the olive burger and the garlic parmesan fries, they're to die for!
You have to look for this place, though - it's tucked away behind CVS and AutoZone!

Will go back

been there a few times now.
Very friendly staff, good drink prices, and good food.
The fish and chips are great, just right, nice batter, not all greasy....well done!
Good burgers too, highly recommend trying your favorite burger on burger night.
It is in a odd location, but worth seeking out.
Plan on having the fish and chips again tonight.

This place is a little hard to find, but worth the effort.
We go there at least once a week and it's always clean and a friendly environment.
The condiment bottles on each table appear to be cleaned daily.
The small details count!
The menu is typical bar food, but prepared extremely well.
The southwest cottage cheese dip is awesome!
I literally have dreams about it.
And the wraps are to die for.
I really like the owners too.
Two kids really giving it a try.
I fully endorse this place, but do not want too many of you Yelpers to go at the same time.
It's rather small.

Great little local bar in chandler.
We don't have a lot to choose from out here at chandler heights and Gilbert rd., so this is a surprising little bar.
The owners seem dedicated to trying to make this a nice experience for everyone who walks through the door.
AMAZING wings.
You must try them.
Native new Yorker has nothing on them.
Nacho's are filling and tasty!
Firestone beer on draft tops it off.

Great buffalo chicken sandwich.
Buffalo chips are really good.
Burgers are always good.
Very consistent with food.

Really a unique neighborhood cafe.
Beach decor with lively music.
The happy hour specials are worth the trip.
Just a fun place with nice friendly wait staff.

Love "Ladies Night" The food is really great, the fish and chips are delicious so are the wraps.
My favorite wrap is the "California Wrap" I really like the grilled chicken.

So we are very happy to find a nice little hidden gem so close to home!
We have tried a few different items on the menu and it has been pretty tasty.
I'd have to say so far the only thing I didn't care for is the shrimp salad.
I didn't like the lettuce as it was not my favorite type and cut in very long/large strips.
Also the shrimp wasn't pealed very well and I kept getting shell in my bites .. Other than that the staff is very friendly and he service is fast.
Very nice clean restaurant... We will definitely keep coming back!

Always a good place to visit.
Cold beer.
Food is basic bar food, however, their daily special has always been GREAT.

Bland food, bland decor, bland everything.
Nothing memorable here, the food was ok.. the servers looked terrible in old black t shirts.
The decorations were hung too high to be seen.
No outside sign.
No real reason to go back.

Awesome burgers and appetizers!!
Fish and chips are good, too!
The whole family enjoyed this quaint, but "airy" bar/grill!
Near our home, but worth the drive if you live farther away!
Great happy hour specials, too!
Yum!!

This is a great little neighborhood restaurant/happy hour location.
I come here often for girls night out and can never say anything bad.
The employees are always friendly, the service is always great and the food is good too.
There is usually more of a local crowd, but that makes it pretty great as well.
They are only open until 9pm mon- sat.
Sun hours are earlier, I believe 4, so go early for the happy hour.
They have awesome daily specials, Thursday is 1/2 off drinks for ladies and I believe Tuesday is one free kids meal with an adult meal.
The burgers are really good but my favorite appetizer is the baked cheese fries.
Fun little place!

My wife and I are happy we stumbled upon The Cove.
We found a place that has great bar food, cold beer, a friendly staff and it's very clean.
They do a great job.

