Andrea is wonderful!
I did the HCG diet and lost 18 lbs!
She is friendly, easy to talk with, and really is working hard to build a great business!
She works hard to make sure that you are on the right track!
Couldn't be happier with my results!

I used a groupon for botox at this dr. office.
Since you never know who you get on the groupon I was a little nervous, but I am so lucky to have found Phoenix Integrative and Dr. O'Connor.
The office is super friendly and the dr. was great.
They did a fabulous job and I will def.
go back for more treatments!

I hesitate to bust out 5 stars after one appointment but when you've been through what I have with multiple doctors and you find one that listens, respects your...errr...'inquisitive nature', is willing to work WITH you and isn't an ego driven maniac you kind of want to shout it from the roof tops.
So, YAY Dr. Andrea O'Conner!!
5 stars!
A little back story..
I've unknowingly struggled with Thyroid Disease for at least 4 years, maybe longer.
Being confronted with a barrage of wacky symptoms like exhaustion, muscle weakness, depression, hardcore mood swings, edema, digestive issues, abdominal bloat, slow heart rate, low blood pressure, weight gain, severe joint pain, brain fog to the point of being mid sentence and forgetting words, freezing cold all the time and oh yeah....pulling CLUMPS of hair out of my head every day in the shower and having Marilyn Manson eyebrows (read: completely gone) is scary to say the least.
It's also frightening how long one will endure things like this all the while attributing everything to 'getting older'.
By the way, I'm 36 not 86.
Never underestimate the power of denial!
It took some crazy blood sugar issues and kidney disease markers to drive me to an endocrinologist.
I was diagnosed hypothyroid (thrilled at this revelation because I was thoroughly convinced I had cancer or was dying) given a nominal dose of dessicated thyroid hormone and told I would feel 'a lot better very very soon'.
Let's just say that statement was laughable.
Fast forward 8 months, 3 doctors, a shitload of research and self treatment on my part (out of desperation, not recommended of course) and I have found Naturopath, Dr. Andrea O'Conner.
A weight has been lifted!
Not once during my appointment with her was she condescending or did I feel like I was not being taken seriously.
Her personality and the way she presents herself is also very genuine and without airs which I appreciate.
I was honest about my previous experiences and what I expected and we have outlined a nice course of treatment that we are both comfortable with.
If you have hormonal issues don't waste your time with an MD or Endocrinologist.
Office appointments are not covered by insurance but lab work is and it's worth the out of pocket expense to regain control of your health.
Phoenix Integrative Medicine offers all of those lovely aesthetic treatments like botox and dermal fillers, HCG etc.
While I don't use those services, I would be comfortable referring someone to them with the experience I had.
Be your own advocate.

I've had Botox injections numerous times over the past 10 years.
I bought a LivingSocial deal for $99, and can honestly say the deal was too good to be true.
I believe I was either underdosed or the Botox was diluted, because I have never had Botox last only 5 weeks.
Every other time I've been injected I've gotten 4 months of results.
The reason I'm especially upset is that despite my attempts to contact the office, I've yet to receive a call back.
Not one.
I feel very let down by the office.
Unfortunately unlike the previous poster who was also dissatisfied with injections (not sure if it was Botox), I don't live close enough to simply walk-in to discuss my dissatisfaction.
Particularly given the very limited hours the office is open.

Dr. O'Connor and Sabrina do a great job!
My wife and I have been patients of theirs for about 2 months now and we're more than pleased with our HCG results.
They are approachable and friendly and more importantly have a more realistic approach to the weight-loss program.
If there was a slight crticism, I would say that it can get a little crazy in their very small office between the hours of 10am and 1pm.
It's not uncommon to have 4 or 5 people waiting to see them.
With the space being so tight, it can feel claustrophobic.
Other than that, I've had great service and great results.
I highly recommend visiting with them to see if their programs are right for you.

I also bought what I thought was a great deal on Groupon for 20 Units of botox.
I went at the end of August.
I have also received botox before and have always had about 20 U in my forehead usually placed uniformly with excellent results.
However, this was given mostly on my right side and in a very small amount.
I asked how many units she had given me and she said 12 to 14.
I felt very ripped off.
To top it off, my results were not good and it looked like she had not used any!
I had to go to my usual person thereafter.
I tried to call a couple of times without any return phone calls.
I live on the other side of town and work so I cannot come in easily.
The hours this doctor were there were very limited, like 3 or 4 hours a couple of days a week.
My experience there was terrible.
I will also be writing to Groupon and asking for my money back.
Don't waste your money here.

I bought 3 botox groupon packages last summer for gifts and myself at this location.
I've used botox for over 12 years from multiple locations so I know what to expect.
My first injection from Dr. O'Connor lasted 5 weeks so I went in to another Dr. for more and this injection lasted 3 months.
Once it faded I decided to try Dr. O'Connor again since i had another groupon  and once again her botox lasted about 5 / 6 weeks.... something is not right with their Botox is my opinion.
I will not go back regardless of the deal.

I have nothing but the best to say.
The best Doctor in all of Phoenix.
Dr. O'Connor spent well over an hour and a half with me.
She actually was genuinely concerned about me.
I love her and everyone else at this office!

This has been my best Groupon and Botox experience yet!
Dr O'Connor is awesome!
I always use around 40 units.
She told me I didn't need that many, not to waste them.
WHO says that??
That's being forthright and honest.
I'll continue going back, you'll love this teams demeanor and customer service.
Definitely a place worth your $.

