This park is pretty big and wraps through the neighborhoods.
You'll find people playing Frisbee, walking their dogs and just plain old chilling.
Great lunchtime hangout.

I give this disc golf course 5 stars!!!
It's the greenest course in the north part of Phoenix.
It has 18 holes with some repeating baskets used for a couple of them.
I have gone 2 times and both times the people have great!
Really friendly n helpful if you can't find a hole or basket.
The course is kinda confusing going from basket to the next tee.
The 1st hole is right at the entrance of the park and the 18th finishes a few yards from the 1st tee.
It's an all around good course for beginners to advanced players.
Now go throw some discs!

I lived next to this park for 3 years.
Wonderfully safe for children, the jungle gym has been updated and shaded now, and in the summer when it rains like crazy, it creates a pretty little lake you can run paper-boats down, all old-school.
It's huge!
Saw a lot of people playing disc golf here, and a few schools use it for soccor and things like that.
I learned how to bike here!

Sure, a grand park, unless you're a pedestrian in it, trying to dodge the frisbees thrown by careless and/or irresponsible disc golfers.
Ask them for a bit of consideration and you're usually met with indifference at best or foul-mouthed belligerent arrogance at worst.
Public drinking amongst the golfers is common, shouted obscenity has become mundane (c'mon, guys - and gals - our kids use this park), and public urination - sometimes discreet, sometimes not - frequently seen.
The disc golf thing is spoiling this park for those seeking to stroll, walk a pet or ride one's bike.
Perhaps the City will do something about it....I know I'm not the only neighbor complaining.

I play this disc golf course weekly.
The baskets are frequently moved to keep the course fresh.
Trees provide difficulty and also shade!
There are Disc leagues on Mondays and Wednesdays.
Great to have organized action at the park.
Very busy in the evenings with family, disc golf and soccer games.
One of only THREE Disc courses in the NW valley.
This is probably my favorite but it is slim-pickins around here..

I wish I could say I love this park.
It's tough finding a safe park in this part of town where the junkies or teens ditching high school are not loitering.
While there are some of these people here (this is not a super great part of town, it varies from street to street) they are often absent from this park, which is nice.
It's green, and the playground equipment is fairly well maintained, also a bonus.
However, there does seem to be an extraordinary amount of public intoxication and drinking going on here at all hours.
I've been with my children on multiple occasions where a belligerent drunk is yelling obscenities or instigating a confrontation of some sort.
And as a prior review noted, public urination is an issue here.
Kudos to you if you can overlook this - you'll probably enjoy the park.
But with small children it's just not an ideal trip to the park when they leave feeling confused and frightened over drunken adults behaving badly.

