Imagine my surprise last fall seeing a sign that said "Red Mango coming soon" on State St... in Madison.
Ok.
Wait, really?
Random... Madison?
A RED MANGO?!?!?!?!?!
WHAT??!
*quadruple takes* Needless to say, I was a weeeee bit excited.
I've loved Red Mango since I was first introduced to it years ago, back in the motherland.
I mean, fro-yo that's not too sweet, piled on with delicious toppings?
What's not to love?!
Serendipitously, I was also on that side of campus on the first day Red Mango actually opened in Madison.
So.
It's a bit small.
And not surprisingly, overrun with fobs (yes, even within hours of its opening.
In January.
Pretty positive it was in the negs that day).
But I was impressed to see pomegranate seeds available as a topping, along with pomegranate yogurt...
Unfortunately, that machine wasn't up and running when I was in.
Haven't been back since but can't wait to go back and try it.
yessssssss.
I'm totally drooling in anticipation.

I'm a Pinkberry fan, but Red Mango on State Street is an adequate substitute to satisfy my fro-yo craving.
Red Mango's frozen yogurt is not as creamy as Pinkberry, but I still like the refreshing tartness and array of fruit toppings they offer.
It's not spectacular, but better than not having anything like that at all.

still definitely prefer red mango in korea but the pom yogurt was delish as anticipated =)

I am very excited about having a tart yogurt source in the Madison area.
When I moved here from California two years ago, I felt deprived of Pinkberry-type yogurt.
Red Mango has plain tart yogurt in addition to a couple of other flavors.
They also have a ton of great toppings.
When summer comes, I'm sure I will be an even more frequent consumer.
I am taking off one star for the somewhat exorbitant prices.

First of all, let me say that the product is delicious.
I don't mind the limited range of yogurt flavors; I like all of their offerings except for the Vanilla, and that's just because it's sweeter than I like my frozen yogurt.
The tangy quality of the flavor really comes through in the other three (Pom, Tangomonium, and Original).
They have a nice range of toppings and I really appreciate the transparency of the calorie information that they provide.
However, this location needs to get its crap together if it's going to succeed.
I have been there four times now, every time hoping for a better service experience before I reviewed them, but I didn't get my wish.
On only ONE of my four visits were they NOT out of at least one major topping (bananas and strawberries, primarily).
These are toppings that are included in a lot of their prefab menu items like the parfaits, so they should be prepared to use a lot of them.
They also don't do a very good job of selecting RIPE fruit; when I got kiwi a few days ago, it was like little green rocks.
Not pleasant to eat at all.
Also, about two weeks ago, when I went in with friends, Tangomonium was broken.
There was no sign or anything, and the line was very long, so I had to quickly figure out a substitution when they informed me it wasn't working.
When I happened to stop by again a full six days later, Tangomonium was STILL broken and they still had no sign or anything to let customers know.
At that point, of course, I think it's pretty ridiculous to not have it working yet!
The people who work there seem nice enough, but not terribly experienced--I got (extremely unripe) mango when I asked for pineapple once when I was there, and they also tend to dump all of your topping into a single point on the yogurt, like a little deposit of strawberries, instead of scattering it around evenly.
They also have not been prepared for high volumes of business when I've been there on nice weekend days--it's spring in Madison; you need to have adequate staff ready for everyone coming out to State Street.
This is probably contributing to their topping shortages, since I know that they cut up the fruit on-site.
In summary, I like the yogurt, but it's a little on the pricey side and I always end up disappointed and annoyed by SOMETHING when I go there.
Not a good combination.

As someone who is only from Wisconsin, I've never had the privilege of Pinkberry or some of the other fancier frozen yogurt chains, but I hope Red Mango begins a trend of frozen yogurt in Madison because it is a lovely, nice, nutritional treat.
The product is amazing--I stop in usually at least five times in a given month either for lunch or to get some with friends.
The location is very small, but the digs are clean and fortunately for me, I've never had bad service here.
I love the flavors, Original with Strawberries and Honey being my all-time favorite.
Red Mango is kind enough to list the calories of whatever you put on in case you want to be calorie-conscious--and if you don't, then screw it.
The flavors are delectable and the fruit is all very fresh.
It's true, the flavors are limited, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.
Additionally, I've had their Wildberry Hibiscus Smoothie as well and it is fantastic.
Frozen yogurt is not the only trick these guys have up their sleeves.
If you're a connoisseur of frozen yogurt or dislike chains, you may not like it.
But I've never had a complaint about Red Mango and I'll keep coming back.

My beautiful manfriend and I stopped in for some fro yo whilst up in Mad-town for Freakfest 2010.
While the yogurt appears to be typical, they do have offer a specialty flavor that changes (pumpkin was there last weekend).
I'd recommend it for general frozen yogurt but it didn't wow me.
If you go, the only item that really impressed me was the frozen hot chocolate yogurt drink... which was delicious, had real Ghiradellis in it, AND don't feel confined to the options listed.
I asked them to blend in raspberries instead and it was a most excellent choice.

A solid place to get a frozen yogurt on State Street, despite its pathetic lack of good toppings in some kind of misguided attempt to be "healthy.
" I feel odd being the only person in here that can't utter a single sentence without saying "like" 5 times, but the fro-yo is good and cheap, so I can't complain.
I just get it and get out as fast as possible.
It has a very unique taste to it that is perfectly tangy, sweet, and sour.
Not quite like your typical creamy, fatty Wisconsin ice cream, but certainly a welcome diversion.
Just make sure you ask for samples - I can't recall having anything besides their original flavor that didn't taste like piss.

Madison has been slow to get on the frozen yogurt popularity train...however, it also didn't do the fad the justice it deserves.
On the west coast, you can find frozen yogurt places everywhere, and a lot of them are self-serve and you pay by the weight.
At Red Mango, you pay waaaay too much for a simple dessert.
Just because their chocolate chips are Ghirardelli does NOT justify the price of their frozen treats.
I do appreciate the variety of toppings they offer, particularly mango, which is not too common around here.
They offer samples, which is always appreciated, and have special flavors which keeps the menu exciting.
On the whole, its pretty good - but the "pretty" is pretty much only because they don't really have any competition in the "fancy" frozen yogurt area.

I'll start by saying that I really enjoy the taste of Red Mango's frozen yogurt.
Sometimes other places have this weird chemical-ly aftertaste that is hard to stomach...I've never experienced that at a Red Mango.
I personally like the tanginess factor, and I love the Pomegranate flavor!
(I admit the first time I had it I thought the Pom was a little weak, but I have since decided that was because I am used to enjoying things that are rich in a fatty way...which FroYo is not.
I had to readjust my taste buds.
)  The chocolate is NASTY, but then again it's tangy chocolate.
That's just wrong.
Here's what I hate about Madison's Red Mango:  They serve vs self-serve:  I like the control that the self serve RM's give you.
You pay by weight.
You can put as many flavors in your cup as you want.
You can have as many toppings as you want.
If I want 2 pieces of kiwi and a ton of strawberries, that's what I get.
None of this "75¢ for the first topping and whatever-the-hell for each additional" that Madison does.
Annoying.
And expensive if you don't limit yourself.
Lack of flavor selection.
At self-serve RM's there is always something I want.
On State Street, I have walked out empty handed on more occasions than I have with an actual sweet treat.
It's TINY.
I am downtown because I work there, not because I hang out there.
If the line is moving too slowly, I have to leave because my break is over.
Again, I leave empty handed.
It's amazing because I've been to other locations with 10 times the number of customers and it's taken me longer to get through the line on State Street.
Toppings:  There aren't enough of them!
Come on!
I know it's a small store but what a let down.
In summary, I give Red Mango itself 4 stars but I only give Madison's 2.
I wish our store would move into a larger space and do it right.

TCBY which has the same concept has way more options.
You pay for Sm, Md, Lg and then have to pay for every topping you add on.
Red Mango only had 4 flavors to pick from.
Small amount for the price.
The employee didn't smile or greet us.
It is a cute little place but way to small to be a hang out place.
Also recommend going to Campus Candy on State St. Where you pay by the weight and the store is your topping.
So you can have as much yogurt and toppings you can fit in your cup.
Its very hard to make up your mind.
I always mix my yogurt flavors and layer the toppings in the cup so im not left with just yogurt at the end.
Its about.
49 cents an ounce.

I enjoy the Red Mango yogurt, but they have done away with the unlimited toppings and gone with a new pricing scheme (75¢ per topping, no matter how many toppings you choose).
A small cup with two toppings now costs almost $5, which I think is too much.
Red Mango yogurt without three or four different toppings just doesn't seem right!

Warning: this red mango isn't self serve like other red mangoes I've been to!

