Cloud Nine Labs and in particular Ethan Fialkow are my first and only 5 STAR rating!
I will be brief:  Our real estate development company is based in Silicon Valley.
We are surrounded by a sea of capable web designers, lawyers and business gurus with the best of credentials, yet it wasn't until I discovered Cloud Nine Labs that we found what we were looking for---someone who is able to immediately synthesize all of our technical, business and marketing needs.
After a ten minute phone call with Ethan, I scheduled a phone interview with the other partners of our company and in short order Ethan managed to impress everyone.
We chose to work with Cloud Nine because it was completely clear that they truly understood where we were and where we wanted to be.
If you want true genius on your team you owe it to yourself and your organization to contact them.
Prepare to be impressed.

Finding a dependable web/graphic design firm is daunting.
But discovering Cloud Nine Labs and being able to work with them was like getting the business counseling I needed.
I was able to share my story, my needs and concerns.
And in turn, Cloud Nine nurtured my ideas, creating a unique, custom solution that was most viable for my business.
What I found most impressive with Cloud Nine was the one-on-one conversations we had and the bond that was created from them.
This is a lifelong relationship I know that will help propel my business to the next level.
Cloud Nine Labs, your passion is evident.
Thank you so much!

Ethan Fialkow of Cloud Nine Labs is simply unparalleled.
His spot-on insight of what an organization/business needs (because he is an extraordinary listener) is inspiring; his remarkable acumen in understanding all layers of what your vision is, and could be is not only impressive, but effective.
What I appreciate most about Ethan Fialkow and Cloud Nine Labs, is their unrelenting drive to improve, enhance, and satisfy the needs of their clients on many fronts:  Technical; Marketing; Business strategy; Design/aesthetics; Creative/innovative; and Time management /staying on task.
All performed with an honesty and directness that are rare.
They care.
They make a difference.
I couldn't be more satisfied or impressed with my experience partnering with Cloud Nine Labs.

Cloud Nine Labs took an arthritic old site and has breathed new life into it with both the design and the functionality.
Our readers and customers like all of the changes and traffic is up substantially.
Ethan told me to discuss what I wanted and draw it out - he got what I wanted.
He also scrapped several of my ideas and showed me how it could work even better.
I trusted him and he delivered.
While we are still posting 10 plus years of archival stories to the Aegis Journal to the blog site, it already a winner.
Go look for yourselves.
www.aegisjournal.com

I gave Cloud Nine Labs a call to get more info on the web service they offer.
I give my info to a phone rep and she says that Ethan would call me back.
Now I must admit that the company's web site looks great and I'm looking forward to Ethan's call... when the call comes Ethan is more concerned with other services (Marketing, consulting) that his company could push on me rather than the web design I asked for... so he tells me that I can't afford him and that I should look else ware.
I manage a lucrative agency, in a lucrative industry.
I make BANK.
So when this cat figures out that I'm no roll over and I don't need his "consulting services" he bails out, that's shady any way you slice it.

