What can I say, we went there and the place was empty, wounder how long will they survive in this economy.
The cups were so large that it my wife would not even get any Yogurt.
I made my purchase and asked for a LID, they didnt have any.. what a joke.
Dont waste your time, The topping were awful as well.

I've found frozen yogurt stores can be hit or miss.
Orange Leaf does a nice job.
Their products aren't too sour, nor tart.
-- one of my big concerns.
Their toppings are plentiful and they make an effort to keep things clean, almost to a fault.
Clearly, they aren't perfect, I've been here when they didn't have lids or when the yogurt was runny as others have noted, but they try hard.
I would easily give them 4 Stars if they could smooth out their rough patches

I would give it 4 stars but instead, I have to settle for 3 stars.
Reason being.....they only give one size cup, which seems to be very large....I guess it's a mental thing, fill it up, make more money.
Wish they had more fresh berries and granola.
Regardless, I still like their yogurt and will continue to go there whenever I need to satisfy my sweet tooth.

WOW.
So Im out with friends eating dinner right next to this place and we decided to stop in for yogurt.
As we pulled up to the place at 9:55 (they close at 10) The had the "Open" sign turned off.
So I said to my friend "They looked closed"  The girl at the store named Megan,  says very loudly "That's right a@*holes we're closed" and then she mumbles "Who pulls up to a yogurt shop right at closing time".
As we stood there in disbelief her friends inside starting shooing us away.
We couldn't believe that just happened.
Especially seeing how we visit this place frequently because we live right across the street.
If I was the owner that girl would not work another day in that store.
Unbelievable.

impossible to get a list of ingredients for this place, no one at store has one, and the corporate office does not return calls or emails.
When the list of ingredients is not listed it is a major red flag and you have to wonder what is in the ingredients because it is not all natural like they state.
be weary of this place bad customer service stemming from corporate

Good choices of flavors and toppings.
Always a good stop for an evening treat.

I thought this place was good.
Their strawberry cheesecake yogurt is the best.
I do have to agree with some of the other reviews, their yogurt was a little runny.
I'd go back for sure.

Overpriced.
Nothing special or unique here.
Better QUALITY available at Albertson's or Safeway.
Better PRICING available at Albertson's or Safeway.
In another year or so, the proliferation of  Yogurt & Cupcake Shops, will end.
These Franchises are a bad business investment.
THE NAIVE, will soon learn, to avoid FAD businesses.

Orange Leaf is my family's favorite frozen yogurt.
Many people in the neighborhood seem to gravitate there.
It tastes delicious plus the staff is always very friendly and willing to assist you.
We always get a friendly hello upon arrival and, even on those few times when things were not perfect, they  immediately stepped up to help or make good on the situation with a replacement of whatever it is we would prefer.
Also, the decor is very inviting,: clean and colorful.
They also offer 2 different ways to add up your purchases to earn either free product or money off at furure visits.
We will contunue to be regular customers because of the happy experience and yummy treats we have everytime we visit.

The froyo was around $0.44 p/ounce and is a self-serve Froyo place.
I happened to be passing by and decided to pop in.
It's very clean and the flavors range from Original Tart, Coffee, Chocolate ...etc  Toppings ranged from fruit to dried goods like almonds, cocoa puffs etc.
Overall I would say the yogurt was just OK.
I like that the location was clean.
The best part of Orange Leaf are their SPOONS.
Very cute and can definitely be recycled.

Ok, I'm no frozen yogurt connoisseur, but this place was good.
I had a little of the "tart" and a bit of the "kiwi".
I wanted something sweet, tart, and refreshing and this didn't disappoint.
I didn't go there looking for toppings, so I'm not even sure what they had or if they were good.
I just know the yogurt was yummy and the spoons were oddly intriguing.
(do those things qualify as spoons?
or rather a yogurt eating utensil?
)  The price seemed fairly high from other places I've been.
The inside was clean.
I sat outside as they had tables and chairs.
The girl working there was very friendly and she offered me taste's of anything I wanted to try.
The only annoying thing about the place is the GARGANTUAN size cups.
It would be cool if they had normal size cups to gauge portions better.
(I realize this tactic makes them more money, but it would be nice to not have a "big gulp" size cup)  All in all I liked the place and would go back!

Typical yogurt place.
Nothing special.

Self service, good mix n match favors and lots of goodies.
Be careful, the bowls are big and you can easily pay more for a single serving than a gallon of Breyers at the grocery store.
Very dog friendly place.
They will bring out a bowl of water and a small softserve with dog treats stuck in it for your little dog.

Great place and fun to work with!
The toppings are freshly cut, fresh fruit, & multiple options.
The flavors switch monthly to accommodate everyone's requests.
It's a wonderful, fun place to bring your family or friends.
I would recommend this location to anyone.
Every yogurt shop Is different rather it be the customer service, product, style, and or cleanliness.
I especially love the white chocolate strawberry they carry for valentines.

Orange leaf has fabulous yogurt!
They have a great selection of flavored.
My daughter loves birthday cake and freshly squeezed orange.
I prefer the coconut or chocolate.
They offer recipes for different creations and they are gluten free.
The staff is super friendly.
This is an A plus yogurt shop!

Okay froyo (not that many flavors or non fat options).
Okay toppings.
A little pricey in comparison to other chain froyo spots.

Okay finally able to get a list of ingredients and folks this is not a yogurt store,  there is no yogurt in anything they sell.. everything is made of artificial ingredients, high fructose corn syrup, soy...nothing is healthy...it all comes from a mix...avoid at all costs very bad for your health and the health of your loved ones

Great choices and lots of supergrated fine Oreo and graham cracker toppings!
Yummy yum.
Plus great customer service-- Katherine was a doll!

This is my local neighborhood froyo store and have been coming here since they opened up.
It's funny to read the negative reviews dating back to 2010/2011 implying that they won't make it.
Well they're still around so must be doing something right!
I believe they did change ownership a few years ago and that was a positive thing.
We come here as a family regularly (2-3x month) in the warmer months.
The kids LOVE it, and I am happy with it too: clean, always.
A dog-bowl filled with water for the pooch.
Staff is always nice.
A nice selection of flavors and a good selection of toppings.
I know that some other stores have a bigger selection of toppings or flavors, but I've never felt the need for many of the crazy toppings anyway (full sized twinkles or candy bars?
no thanks.
) All in all, I recommend this place.
They have groupons from time to time and coupons in the money-mailer that save you $ on your troyo fix.

This place has never disappointed; it always has delicious, relatively unique flavors (and has dividers that you can use to divide up your different yogurt flavors) and always has fresh fruit and wonderful toppings.
It's a great place to go if you love fruit-flavored yogurt because I've found that those flavors are the best in particular here.
I personally prefer it to Yogurtology and come here if I want a lighter frozen yogurt experience.
The owner is really nice and polite, and service is always great.
I'm pretty sure that it's cheaper than Yogurtology on average as well.

