With so many VW dealers in the valley, I would have to recommend avoiding Chapman in Scottsdale.
I used them since they are close to my home otherwise there is no compelling reason to use this dealership.
Sales -- actually the sales guys were very cool and low pressure, I had a newer person.
No bad at all.
Quick and friendly.
Service -- this is the key problem at this dealership, the service dept staff treat the customers poorly and are definitely rude.
You know that attitude, you bought your new car, its fine, any problems are in your imagination!
Which is never the case, new cars need some tuning and tweaking.
Anyway, perhaps buy your car here and then service at another Scottsdale or Phoenix dealership!?
So despite a good experience with sales, the service dept brings everything down.
And since you will deal more with the service dept than sales, I would shop for your new VW elsewhere.

I did a lot of research on the vehicle I wanted, shopped multiple dealers in the valley, and ended up working with Erich Fletcher at Chapman VW and am GLAD!
No schmooze, no BS carsalesman-ese, no pressure.

With 4 years of service performed on two VW's we have always been treated well and taken care of.
Warranty issues were always dealt with promptly.
Kudos to Neil Brownlee from service for always being prompt in his follow-ups and making sure things get done right.

I would avoid this dealership at all costs.
They tried to get me to claim something on my own insurance even though they delivered a car to me with cracks in the windshield.
Now, I have called and complained to the Better Business Bureau and am still waiting to get my windshield replaced.
Beware!
There are other much better VW dealers around town.

Bought a new car on 4/30/11 from Chapman VW.
We had been looking for a while and had visited some dealers out in the east valley but decided to look at the dealers a little closer to work.
The whole process was pretty easy compared to the other dealers I've bought cars from.
We walked in and asked to test drive a jetta tdi.
We went out with the salesman and he answered the questions while we drove (without any sales tactics).
When we got back to the dealership, we weren't ready to buy and when we told them that they gave us a number on what they could sell the car.
We thanked them and left.
We went and test drive a few others and ended up back at the VW lot.
The price they had quoted us for was not for the car we test drove but for a lower model.
Its an obvious tactic to get us to come back to the dealership but I would sooner be upfront about the cost and not have the "ohhh you wanted a price on THAT car, not this one over here that you've never seen).
This is the reason I didn't give 5 stars.
The salesman was great, the finance guy was great, the dude we dealt with on price negotiation was better than most but not as good as the other 2 guys.
I'll be updating this one with the service intervals so lets see if the service department can keep up their end of the bargain.

Took my car in for the 20k service and to check my AC dealt with "Justin" got my car back the same day and then noticed they had cracked the plastic piece in the center dash.
Took it back and they denied the whole thing saying their techs were well trained professionals and would never do that.
Never taking my car to these crooks again!

Eddie, in the service department, is amazing and has always gone the extra mile for me.
I definitely recommend visiting him with any service problems.

I purchased my car earlier this year through this dealership and wasnt too impressed by them.
The entire time the sales guy kept telling me how important the survey I would receive was and how it effects them.
I understand the mentioning of this survey to me but I didnt need to be told about it 5 times, be walked through what to give the sales guy, and have it brought up by every single person I dealt with.
I even received a call a couple of days later to see if I received the survey....which I NEVER did.
Have my first service coming up....we'll see how this goes...   *Update*- got my car back after my first service only to realize there was a big grease hand print on the cloth A pillar.
To their credit I did get an offer for a free car wash after I gave them a bad review on the followup email.
But, come on!
I dont bring in $25000 and expect you to shit all over it.

An update on my service at Chapman Volkswagen.
The service has continued to get worse and worse.
I scheduled my appointment for my 20K service and with the help of the new iphone app that went smooth.
Quoted the 2 hour time frame as i was expecting and waited in the waiting room.
Still need some updating the magazines are old and the remote to change the tv was no where to be found.
While we were approaching the 2 hour time from my service advisor came and let me know that there was a nail in my tire and it was to close to the tire wall to repair and i would need to replace the tire.
He let me know that the tire would need to be ordered and would be here the next day.
Which i said would be fine and would come back and get everything replaced.
He came back when the service was done and as we were walking to the car area i asked him would my car be safe to drive on.
I had meetings in North Phoenix that i needed to go to.
His exact words to me were you car is not safe to drive but it wont explode or anything.
I was speechless, how on earth do you tell someone that you car is unsafe to drive on and not offer any solutions.
I got my keys from him and walked into the main sales floor.
I asked to speak with someone so i could be situation resolved.
I explained my situation to the some gentlemen sitting in an accounting office.
His response was lets walk over to the enterprise desk and get you a quote on a car i can rent for myself till tomorrow.
I responded with doesn't Chapman Volkswagen provide a courtesy car for it customers.
And his response was yes but you have to rent the car on your own terms.
You might need to explain to this gentlemen what a courtesy car means.
He then started telling me that it was my fault and problem that i had a nail in my tire.
That is extremely rude to tell someone and told him that i am not going to pay for a rental car when Chapman does not have the tire that they need for my car in stock.
Finally after being at the dealership for almost 2.5 hours i was given a car to drive for the night.
I dont understand how you can tell your customers that you offer courtesy cars but do not actually provide them.
But you will allow someone to drive off your dealer grounds with a car that told to be unsafe.
Everyone in my family has purchased cars from the Chapman family and after explaining this to my family we have all decided that we will no longer be purchasing cars with the Chapman family dealers.
And i will be moving all my service to a dealership that actually cares for their customers and wants to see them come back year after year.
Just had my 10K service done on my 2012 Passat.
When i arrived i was told it was going to be anywhere between an hour and hour half.
That is completely fine since i did know there was atleast one recall that needed to be checked.
I went to the "Volkswagen" waiting lounge and began to wait for my car.
As 2 hours approached i began to get a little impatient because i have things to get done rather than sitting in the cold and dated waiting room.
When i first arrived at the dealership i was asked if i was going to stick around and wait or come back.
I joked with the service guy and said i couldnt go anywhere with out my car.
He response was we have a shuttle that can take you.
I really dont think your "shuttle" driver would want to run me all over while i run the errands i had.
I was shocked that the service guy never came to see if i wanted use of the courtesy car that i received a letter about in mail in January stating the dealership now had them available.
After over 2 hours of waiting around they let me know they were done and came to give me my keys and let me know that the car had been washed and everything.
I didnt care if the car was washed or not but do not lie and tell me it was washed when i know for a fact it was not because there was still dirty all over it.
The sales side of the Chapman dealership was wonderful i think that there needs to be some work done on service department side.

THIS IS ABOUT SERVICE, not sales.
UPDATE: I picked up my car today and they do an excellent job.
Yes, waiting for the service guy at the start is a little annoying but they do such a good job, they deserve 5 stars.
-----------------------------------  I have been to this service department several times with two of my VW's.
Generally, the service is quite good.
The service reps are friendly and attentive (when you get their attention - see below).
I plan to keep returning to them to service my VW.
My only complaint and the reason I give it four stars is because of the way you make first contact with a service person.
You drive up and there are a series of "booths" next to the drive up alley.
Almost every time, I have to stand around waiting for someone to come out and start the service process.
You pull up, get out of your car and basically stand around  for 5-15 minutes.
I understand if the service guys are working with another person but they are often on the phone inside their booth and don't acknowledge you for quite some time.
There have been times when one of the guys is in the booth and not on the phone so you end up sliding the door open and doing the "Excuse me" to get attention.
Just a little awkward and slow.
Be ready to deal with waiting to get some attention.
However, once you have their attention, everything tends to go quite well.
I have even had a service guy point out something that was wrong that I didn't even notice, then fixed it under warranty.
As for the people that complain about wait time when you actually choose to wait...
I always assume that I might wait beyond the estimated wait time.
It seems to be the nature of the business when you go to a dealership for service (as opposed to a "Jiffy Lube" for example).
If they say 2 hours, I am usually prepared for 2 1/2 and happily surprised if it's less.
Bring something to do though because their waiting room isn't particularly entertaining itself.
If I remember correctly, they have free WiFi (don't hold me to that, not sure).
I'll keep going back.
I just expect the awkward start to my service experience.
No big deal.

I can't agree more with what most people are saying.
This VW dealer is trying to fraud you every chance they can.
Adding etch and other random things to your sales price then saying its the law.
I will never buy a car from Any Chapman dealer.

Once again another update to my service and experience at Chapman Volkswagen.
I have know come to expect the worst from this dealership but want to show my loyalty to a company so i have continued to have my car serviced there.
Well after this last experience that the time of doing anything at Chapman has come to an end.
Once again my check tire light come on so before driving all the way to this dealership i had my tire checked to ensure it was just the air in the tires.
Come to find out i had a screw in my tire at the point that it couldnt be repaired.
Already knowing this i took my car to the dealership to have to tire replaced.
With my past experience of the service department not wanting to help anyone i called ahead to make sure that i was going to be able to get the car in to get a new tire today.
The gentleman who answered the phone had the worst attitude have heard of all time.
He explained that wouldnt be a problem and i drove my car over.
When i pull up in the service department there was one guy just standing there talking so i waited.
All of sudden this younger gentleman wearing a black pants and black hoodie needles to say i had no clue he even worked there walked up and said have you been helped.
I explained to him that i need to have my tires check that i believe that i have a screw in my back right tire.
(this next part is going to be word for word of what happen next).
He said "you have a giant screw in your tire", I said "OK i will need to get that replaced", he said "it is going to have to be replaced", my next response was "can we get this done today", he stood and looked at me and goes "that shouldnt be a problem" and he continued to look at me.
Needless to say talking to a brick wall would have been more productive.
He finally decided to say well i am going to need information from you.
My next response was do you have the tire in stock?
As this is the second tire i have purchased form Chapman i figured it wasnt going to be in stock like the first one.
He said it shouldnt be a problem we keep them in stock.
I went the waiting dull and cold waiting room once again.
He returned to tell me that it would take about two hours and this point is when i found out Chapman has already done away with their loaner program.
Nice enough he they offered to comp my enterprise for the "day".
I asked how long it would take and his response was 2 hours.
I took the enterprise rental and went on with my day, he explained that he would call in two hours to let me know the car was done.
Three hours went by and still had no return phone call.
I called in and spoke with the "customer service manager" as I had spoken with her twice before and she was very interested in making sure my problems were fixed from the past experience.
She informed me that she would find out what was going on and would call me back.
Well she never called back but i got a call from the service advisor.
He explained that they didnt have the tire in stock and would have to order it and would have to keep my car over night.
Fast forward to the next day, i received a phone call from the service adivsor at 2pm letting me know the tire came in and they hadnt started replacing the tire yet.
He then called again letting me know i can pick my car up and that the service department closes at 6pm.
When arriving at Chapman to return the enterprise car and pick up my car more headache starts.
I got there before 6pm and the service advisor was not there.
There was only one guy who most interested in his personal conversation that seeing if i needed help.
So i walked back to the sales office and asked if someone could come to service so i can pick up my car.
The gentleman i asked goes "there is no one there".
Once again if i asked to have someone sent to service i am going to assume that there is no one there.
As i am going to walk out he very rudely said "well i dont work in service".
Needless to say he never sent anyone over there, so i walked back to service and stood there an waited.
When no one came i walked up to someone and said do you work here?
And said yes and i informed him i needed to pick up my car.
His response "I didnt know you were waiting everyone just walks up to me".
I got my finally got my car back and asked him to speak with enterprise to let them know Chapman will be paying for my rental car so the funds can be released from my credit card.
I went back to the front area to ask to speak with the customer service manger or the general manager and the response that i was given was "it is after 5 o'clock".
The point that needs to be addressed is the quality of service that is being provided by this car dealership.
There is no way me, my family, or anyone that i come in contact will ever purchase a car from the dealership.

I will never go back to this VW Service Department.
Simple reason: I paid over $250 for a 50K service check up.
I specifically mentioned my steering wheel fluid should be checked.
When I picked up my car, I was told that the car looked fine & that all the fluids were topped off.
I was also told they couldn't help my remove my license plate which had rusted nails screwed into it.
Was told to take it to a body shop.
The body shop I went to happened to have a mechanic who specializes in European cars.
He called a VW Service Dept and asked them to send him the parts he would need to FIX THE PLATE.
HE DID THIS in 2 Hours.
Freaking lazy VW people.
Mechanic also told me he topped of my steering wheel fluid which was dangerously low.
When I called the VW service dept to ask them specifically what work they did to my car in charging $250 and why the steering fluid was not actually filled, I was told I would receive a call back after they investigated what happened.
NO PHONE CALL BACK EVER.
WTF?
I basically burned $250 by going to this VW Service Dept.
Will never make that mistake again.

Ok, I have read other reviews.
Come on people, services cost money, that is the reality.
I have owned a number of VW's and had very so-so experiences with other dealers.
Chris Verdugo was my salesman and did an excellent job.
I had communicated via the Internet and every promise he kept.
Now I have had a car accident and  the service manager John and Pete my service advisor have done a great job determining the damages.
I have nothing but excellent things to say about everyone I have dealt with.
I will buy another car from them.
Thanks Chapman.

I wish I could give this place 0 stars because it has really been that terrible.
We just bought a 2013 Passat and they have botched the deal over and over.
After leaving several messages and not getting return calls, my husbands only recourse was to go down there.
And after that, they claimed they would take care of it, but has yet to happen.
And on top we just got a letter from MVD saying that the registration would be suspended on the car we traded in, it's been a month and they still haven't transferred the title.
And so that also means we have not been paid for our registration fees either.
This place is bad, bad customer service, bad finance managers, bad admin, bad all around.
I am SO going to wait until a busy Saturday when they have lots of people in there and go raise hell!!!!
Oh, and file a complaint with VW.

Went there to get my oil changed and they said no more than 2 hours.
That seemed a little long but I was fine with it.
Well 4!
Hours later I was still sitting outside waiting for my car as the auto mechanic who had called for them to bring it up to the front was now sitting down in seeing distance of me In his office strumming his acoustic guitar.
This is literally the most unprofessional place I've ever seen.

Bought a 2007 jetta from these guys in 2010.
Made a deal of $14,000 for it and whoopsie me, I didn't read the fine print well enough and they jacked that price up to $21,000 by charging me for radio, tires, etc which were used on the car.
THEN the transmission went out after only six months of driving it.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS.

We were on our way for a weekend trip to Disneyland, when the check coolant level light came on on our Touareg, Crap!
We got off the freeway and pulled into the service department.
We met Fernando who said they closed at 12 it was 12:30 ish .
He lifted the hood and saw that the coolant level was low.
"I'll take it to the back and see if I can find the coolant.
The mechanics are all gone, but ill do my best.
" He came back 10 minutes later, with a smile, " here you go, enjoy your trip" What a lifesaver !
Thank you for going out of your way Fernando, our 3yr granddaughter thanks you too!!
Xoxoxox

I recently bought a Jetta hybrid at Chapman and have been completely impressed with everyone I've dealt with in Sales and Service.
My salesperson was Jesse.
He's known as the "Piano Tie Guy" because, yeah you guessed it - he wears a tie that looks like piano keys.
Super friendly and easy to work with.
Financing was also a breeze - no hidden costs or hard sell on extras.
When I brought the car in for tinting and alarm install, the service manager, John, was very efficient.
The car was ready when they said it would be.
They even gave me a free loaner for the day!

there was some misunderstanding but they do work as a team to solve the problems and make sure customers are satisfied.
Joe Keith is amazing!
he went above and beyond to make the transaction as easy as possible, was in and out within an hour or so.
they have nice cars for decent price, great customer service all around!
Definitely recommended, and don't forget to ask for Joe:)

I don't think I could ever give a car dealership higher than 3 stars.
Maybe Saturn back in the day when I bought my Saturn (1993).
Like most dealerships you have cars to look at and salesmen trying to convince you they are giving you a good deal, even when they aren't.
If you're a Costco member go do the auto program thing with Costco.
Chapman VW is one of their dealers, and your starting price is lower than normal.
It helps.
We finally got all the details handled today (little scratches and stuff that had to be fixed).
Overall I think our salesman really did try to take care of us once we made the deal.
He seemed eager to deal with all our concerns about scratches, warranties, etc.
That was good.
They still cheated us for the trade-in.
I brought in Edmunds, they countered with KBB.
I managed to get them to meet in the middle, but really...the Edmunds trade-in price was fair for that vehicle.
For a car-buying experience you could do worse.
Much worse.
Costco helped (it could be worth it to join for a year just to get the discount from the auto program).
The after-sale attention has been very good.
But I'm still annoyed about the trade-in.
Is there such a thing as a good car-buying experience?

Overall a good experience.
Not pushy at all.
Found a mistake and they resolved it.
Chester and his two Greg's are really fair and honest.
Good sales experience.

Jesse Blount was a Rock Star!
He made the purchase quite easy, hassle free, worked with our budget, and helped make my dream car happen.
Wonderful experience!

Terry Prokes-auto salesman was great!
He was able to get the vehicle I needed ready and prepared all the paper work.
When I arrived all I needed was to get final approval from Scott Grimes-sales manager then sign the paper work.
I was pleasantly surprised how efficient they were and worked with me get the vehicle I wanted for a price I could afford and a good price for my trade.
They both made it work!
I will be recommending family and friends to contact Terry and Scott.
Thank you guys.

I had a wonderful experience at this dealership.
I was working with terry (sales) and Scott (manager).
They worked very hard to find me the perfect car!
They even went more above and beyond and was able to cut the price to something I could afford using discounts.
This place is a great place for any buyer, but especially first time buyers like me.
They are very none pressure and honest with everything.
Thanks Terry and Scott!
Justin

I have to tell you about the poor follow through after purchasing a vehicle from Chapman Volkswagen by the staff including Jamie Cox the customer service manager.
On September 3, 2013 I purchased a 2013 Passat from Gregg Parmley.
He was very nice and tenacious.
That is why I purchased from him.
He followed up and did his job.
He convinced me to buy.
The pricing negotiated was fine.
The trade-in negotiated was fine.
I am an adult, I am not going to complain about a deal I agreed was satisfactory.
I do not have buyers remorse as some folks on here.
My concern is the follow through and attention to detail.
I had a payoff on my trade-in thru Vantage West.
While doing the paperwork I noticed the payoff institution was listed as a different credit union called Tru-West.
I mentioned this to the finance manager.
He did not feel he needed to change it.
He said 'the girls upstairs would take care of it'.
A few days later while taking care of other business, I made the General Manager, Chad Hubler, aware of my concern.
He must have passed it off to Jamie Cox.
I was informed it was taken care of and the check was sent out.
Just shy of 2 weeks later I received notice from Vantage West that there was no longer insurance on my trade-in.
I let them know it should be paid off shortly as it was traded in, and the insurance had been transferred to the new vehicle.
At the end of September I received a statement from Vantage West.
My trade-in vehicle was still not paid off.
My account with Vantage West was now in "delinquent status".
I contacted Vantage West to verify the account status.
They stated they had not received a payoff from Chapman Volkswagen.
I contacted Jamie Cox.
She tracked the check and provided documentation that the check had been sent.
Yes, Chapman Volkswagen did send a check made out to Vantage West, BUT they used an address for a TRU-WEST CREDIT UNION located inside of General Dynamics in Scottsdale!!!
Why??
because, when I asked someone to fix it the first time, he was to lazy.
When I mentioned it again to the General Manager-- He passed it off...and the person he passed it off to--didn't care enough to verify it went to the correct place.
She obviously just checked to see a check had been sent.
She didn't bother to check on my actual concern of the address being correct or changed.
Nobody at Chapman was actually listening to the customers concern.
It wasn't until I checked on it myself that this mistake was even caught.
It was then that Chapman cancelled the first check, re-issued a 2nd check, and sent it to the correct address in TUCSON where Vantage West payoffs are suppose to be sent.
Please note, they had a copy of my account statement when I purchased the vehicle with all Vantage West's contact information.
Jamie then explained what steps she did to fix the problem and made note that she wasn't asking me to pay for additional interest.
Wow!
What a favor!
Was it my fault the payoff wasn't sent to correct place, or one of the 4 people that didn't do their job correctly at Chapman Volkswagen.
Now, even though the payoff has been finally sent properly, my credit with Vantage West has suffered.
Vantage West is showing in their system that I did not payoff my loan as promised.
I have had excellent credit since the 1980's.
Never missed a payment on anything!
Ms.Cox says 'it won't affect your credit because it is less than 30 days'.
I explain that is does show late in Vantage West's computor system.
Chapman chooses not to do anything.
I write a letter to the main head office of Chapman Auto Group.
After doing this, THEN, and only THEN does the finance manager and general manager and Chapman Volkswagen attorney get involved to have Vantage West Manager Marie in the Underwriting department falsify the records associated with my account.
They have Marie backdate the effective date of receiving the funds from October 10, 2013 to September 28.
This makes my account no longer delinquent.
It also eliminates any damage claim that I would have against Chapman Volkswagen in court.
Had I not threatened legal action, these emails and phone calls would have never taken place.
My credit would have stayed damaged and Chapman Volkswagen could have cared less.
I received a phone call from Marie explaining she made the changes because 'mistakes were made'.
I asked her what prompted her to do this, as I did not initiate this change with Vantage West, and she would not answer.
The 'apology' I received from Chapman was a free oil change.
Really generous considering that oil changes are included for from Volkswagen on my new Passat.
I guess that means that Chapman isn't really sorry at all.

I had to update my review of this dealership.
After many horror stories about other dealerships, I continue to be amazed at the service I receive.
Most places in Scottsdale, whether it be a restaurant or a car dealership give service that we can acceptable but I know when I go to Chapman for service on my VW I will get top notch service.
I arrived and was greeted, told what needed to be done and was told how long it would take.
I was updated on how the service was going and it was done when they said it would be done.
Having help from my service advisor Pete, makes the process smooth and uncomplicated.
Thanks to John Gerimano, the manager who is always helpful.
This is why I will continue to buy my cars here.

Bought a new car from here had a great experience the sales staff was easy to deal with great options and selections on vehicles options for people with great to bad credit

This review is for service only.
I got my VW Eos about 3 years ago from another dealership in SanTan (do not go there!
You've been warned) but ended up moving to Scottsdale shortly after.
I've been bringing my car here for service ever since.
The guys here in the service dept are awesome, which is seriously rare to find at a dealership.
They always over communicate when something out of the ordinary is going on, and even when I haven't had an appointment they always cater to my time needs.
I have a 10 year/100,000 mile warranty so I assume I'll be coming here for a while longer, but if I ever decide to buy a new car I'll definitely come here in hopes that their sales people are as great as their service folks.

