We bought a certified pre-owned Chrysler Crossfire here and the service was Pretty Good for a car dealership.
There were a few issues but the dealer did the right thing and corrected them in a timely manner.
GOOD stuff coming from a car dealer.
Service dept.
not as good.
As a chrysler/dodge dealer I was amazed they were a bit ill equiped to handle the Crossfire.
My service advisor told me it was because the Crossfire was new to them, its odd that this car has been in production since 2004.
There always seems to be an issue with the deductible in my warranty as well.
So far I love the car, Id buy one there again there again, mabey service it elsewhere.

Not happy...not happy at all.
When will service organizations realize that it really takes so little to keep a customer happy?
I have been trying for DAYS...DAYS...to contact the Service Manager to talk about my recent experience (which totaled over $1,000, by the way).
I was not happy with my recent service, and I do not even know what I want, except that I know that I WANT to talk about it with someone who has the influence to improve it!!!
So now, what could have been a simple conversation, is escalated to me telling my fellow Yelpers that these people PISS ME OFF!
I have been patient to this point.
I did not complain when it took nearly one entire day to complete an oil change.
One friggin' day!
And it took five (5) days to complete this most recent work (of a water pump replacement).
Hellooooo!?
How do you people think I am getting to and from work!?
Oh, and maybe you could call me to let me know the status!?
Why do I always have to call YOU!?
I hate 'em.

OK, to be fair, I have to let you know that the Service Manager called me, literally, as I hit "Post" on my review.
I do not think that I received an equitable arrangement for my issue, however, even though the Service Manager was kind enough to meet me on a Saturday and listen to my complaint.
Humph, they offered to repair another part (at cost) that I was not even aware needed to be repaired!
So technically I entered with a $1,000 grievance, and left with a $1,150 grievance.
I appreciate the effort but...will just not return.

I tweeted asking for a place that would service my '08 Dodge Caliber, and they had the best offer.
I feel I was treated professionally, and got a fair price for the oil change and car inspection I needed.
Unfortunately, some of the recommendations for future repair had inklings of tales of "Johnson Rods" or other mechanical snake oil.
Still, as a first time car owner, that's probably just par for the course.
I'm pleased with the service I got, and am only taking that into account.

Only been here to have my car serviced...and it was a fiasco.
Albeit, the employees were friendly, the service was crap.
Initially brought by 300SRT8 in for an oil change, repair of door handle (which literally just fell off when I opened the door), replacement lights on the display panel and a tire rotation.
I purchased an extended warranty when I bought the vehicle so I was planning on having to pay for just the deductible, oil, and tire rotation.
Well, they never entered my warranty contract into the system.
I had to go through my paperwork (they kept insinuating that I was lying about the extended warranty), have them enter the information and was forced to make another service appointment for the following day (I had taken the day off to deal with this, so now I had to miss 2 days of work).
With no complaints, brought the car back the following day.
It took two days to repair (by the way, I had to pay $400+ for the door handle, apparently it doesn't qualify as a mechanical part- just trim) and when I picked it up, the only thing that had been fixed was the door handle.
They had to order the back lights for the display panel and I had to schedule another appointment.
I bit my tongue, and brought it back in again.
The lights were finally fixed.
While filling up at the gas station on the way home, I realized that my tires hadn't been rotated and that a wheel cap was missing off of my 22" rim.
I called to let them know that a piece was missing and I was told that it could not have been their fault because they did not rotate the tires (which they charged me for anyway).
After a month of emails back and forth with the service advisory, I was finally told that they would pay for the wheel cap and have it sent out (I had to persistently bug them for a response).
Mind you, this all occurred in mid August.
It is December 1st and I have still yet to receive the part that they lost and told me they would replace.
Horrible customer service.
HORRIBLE.
Yes, friendly, but I'd rather the employees be rude and efficient rather than friendly and incompetent.
Avoid the hassle.
Go to Bill Luke Chrysler Jeep instead, the extra drive is worth not having the headache.

Again, another two weeks have passed since I went into the dealership to complain in person after I was repeatedly dismissed and not help through email or over the phone.
I spoke with Tina Escoto in management of the service department.
Again, very nice, but as useful as tits on a bull.
I was told to follow her to several different departments to get to the bottom of this problem (it's a missing wheel cap that you guys lost, this is not a difficult problem to remedy) and everyone in "management" positions seemed to be perplexed with the problem.
The answer I received as to why they weren't yet able to replace it was simply that "the parts department manager couldn't figure out how to order the part online".
Strange, I did one Google search at it yielded over ten third party retailers that sold the piece for less than $60, yet these so called professionals aren't able to do this on their own.
Called two more times, since they never called me back as promised.
Still have yet to have the issue resolved.
Going on about 4 months now.
THIS IS A RIDICULOUS ESTABLISHMENT!!!!
SAVE YOURSELF THE HEADACHE AND INCONVENIENCE OF DEALING WITH CHAPMAN CHRYSLER .... go ahead and give them a call, when you are on hold, the company song they play when you are on hold (which is always a prolonged period of time) says it all, a COMPLETE JOKE

HEY!
What do you know.
After 5 trips down there.
About 50 phone calls and just shy of 4 months, they FINALLY replaced a wheel cap that they had lost.
GREAT ACCOUNTABILITY GUYS!
(....dripping with sarcasm).
Definitely NEVER going to ANY Chapman establishment ever again, solely because of the experience at this one.

I was looking for a used Jeep Grand Cherokee and found what I was looking for at Chapman.
I live in Prescott but couldn't find what I was looking for locally.
They had just received a low mileage 1999 in on trade.
It had not even been serviced or detailed yet.
In the purchase negotiation I asked them to please change all the oils in the differentials, transmission and transfer case.
Though I did not get this in writing, they said that when it went through the service department, they would take care of it for me.
I had to wait a couple of days for the vehicle to go through the service department and they found a few things that needed to be repaired or replaced.
They spent over $1500 on these items.
They were very thorough and complete.
About a week later, after driving back to Prescott I decided to crawl under the Jeep and look around.
I was marveling at how clean a 12 year old vehicle could be.
Then I noticed the gaskets had not been disturbed or changed, realizing the dealership had not changed the oils as I had requested.
So I called the dealership and inquired about it.
I spoke to the sales people and they clearly recalled the deal we made and said to bring it on back in and they would take care of it.
Well, a couple of months passed and I had not had the work done yet.
By this time these two sales people had left the dealership, no longer working there.
So, with that, there was some resistance from the management to do the promised work because there was no written statement to the fact.
Pressing a little further, they were able to contact these former employees and confirm the deal we had verbally made.
I received a phone call from Jamie Cox, the customer satisfaction agent and she had good news for me.
They were willing to follow through and do the work that was promised.
I am grateful for people that understand the words, "honesty" and "integrity.
" Based on my experience at Chapman, you will find it here.
They remember the old school handshake.

Never again!
After 3 failed attempts (2 at another dealer) to get the wiper nozzles fixed on my car, I am done going to the dealer.
Called last week and made the appointment for this afternoon.
I asked them if the had the part because I would have to leave early.
"We certainly do", I was told.
I get to the dealer early to sit there for 50 minutes to only be told "we don't have the part AND it will be $90".
Are you kidding me?
The woman said she could have it tomorrow cause they sometimes run out.
Then call your customer to let them no so you don't further inconvenience them.
Thoroughly irritated I declined her wash and waited a moment for an apology and got nothing.
She didn't even look me in the face.
Rude!
If you need them replaced-go to Pepboys and do it yourself.
I did today and it cost me $17.

Dave Colwell is my personal hero.
After sinking in 1,500 at Fairway Auto Phoenix and having my vehicle sink with it.
I was left with a broken A/C and heating, when that's what I took it in for!
They said they were satisfied with the service and handed me off the keys after a few days.
Guess what?
It was the same as when I brought in the vehicle!
Yikes!
They wanted to charge me another $1300!
So, there was no way I was going back.
I knew I had to go to an actual Jeep Dealer.
That's when I called Dave!
I drove out from Phoenix to Scottsdale, Dave and his car guy were on their way home but stayed late just for us as the traffic and picking up the vehicle from Fairway had us a little behind.
We handed the car over to Dave who was extremely professional and he had out problem fixed in 5 minutes!!!
Dave Colwell saved me $1300+!
I know where I will be taking my business from here on out.

Im upset I cannot rate them less then a 1 because that is what they deserve definitely..Im only 30 and have purchased over 21 vehicles and this was the most expensive purchase yet  ...I explained I lived an hr away so we needed to do all the business over the phone or online which Ive done many times before with no problems..I got there picked up my truck and drove home only to be called later saying there having trouble w financing when I was told the deal was complete apon leaving handing them my trade in and signing paper work...They said they will need my 1099 because they simply do not believe me that I made the amount of money that I did even though I provided paystubs for an entire year and then some...
I then told them they could call the company and verify my income if the years worth of paystubs werent enough  (mind you I was already told the deal was complete) They then responded with were sorry but we can call him all you want but for all we know it could be your neighbor...Um excuse me for feeling insulted but I was buying a 55,0000$ truck why would I lie when its my 21st vehicle purchase and most expesive one.. Nobody could get away wih that and if they tried would be pretty stupid so huge insult!
They then harassed my boss for days on end about getting a 1099 which was already being sent out and I was to receive it n a few days...The then called me and demanded I bring the truck bad being extremely rude ,yelled at and even HANGING UP ON ME that was done from Nick Chapman himself..Having enough miss treatment i brought the truck back ...I have been treated better from dealerships I was buying a 10,000$ car from let alone spending nearly 60k out the door on a truck to be treated like trash..I then received my 1099  Im not joking the very next day after returning the truck but they were so impatient they couldnt wait on this already done deal..I accually ended up making more money then I even though and went to Avondale Dodge and spent 10,000 more on a truck so about 70k and was treated like gold by Avondale Dodge like I shouldve been by Chapman Dodge but Im glad cuz I got a better deal and a better truck.. yet heed this warning out of all the 21 vehicles Ive bought this was THE ONLY bad experience I've ever had and it was at Chapman Dodge.So do your self a favor and Don't go there!

Took my new jeep there for the first time for an oil change.
The oil change took about 30 min longer then i expected.
However,  when the service writer came back he acknowledged that the time took longer then expected and applied a coupon which nearly cut my bill in half.
They will always get my business moving forward.
Next oil change was $100 and didn't honor an online coupon.
Claimed it was for certain models (obviously not mine).
Dropped a star, but love the car.

Do your research before trying to negotiate a price with these guys, better yet, go to another dealer.
What a complete waste of my time!
They must think everyone who walks in there is a sucker...

This is the worst service I have ever received in my life.
I babied my 2004 Jeep Liberty all these years and in four days this company ruined it.
I took it in in October  for a broken window cable.
They talked me into a 60K standard service.
Over $1500 later.
My heater (always awesome) doesn't even pump hot air; a clear oily fluid leaks onto my garage floor, a flushing sound of fluid transferring back and forth sounds behind my AC unit; I can smell burning, my hood was damaged, and my computer warning beeps on and off telling me I need service or I have a low tire but it doesn't beep when my seat belt isn't fastened like it used to.
And my front pass.
shock sounds broken.
Not that they broke it but they rotated the tires and didn't inform me.
I called the service rep and he acted like I was stupid - it couldn't be.
He didn't call me back the 2nd time I called (discovering more of the above like no heat when it finally got cold.
) I finally emailed the service manager who never gave me the courtesy of a reply.
I loved and babied that jeep and am just sick.
Now I'm in a quandary of probably having to spend a couple of thousand with a reputable company to try to fix all the things they ruined.
If I had only stuck with the cable repair and not gone with all their recommendations, I wouldn't be in this spot right now.
It has caused me much grief and inconvenience.
I've owned jeeps for years and had many good service companies.
I had just moved to Phoenix and this one was close to where I work.
I wish I had checked out the reviews before I went here.

Dont even waste your time with this dealership.
My family and I have purchased 4 vehicles from Chapman in the last 20 years, but I am sad to say... NO MORE!
The dealership has declined rapidly and after all the problems I have had with both of their service departments and sales departments...
I can't even get the GM on the phone!!
He/she WONT CALL ME BACK.
The worst part is, their service department isn't even trust worthy anymore.
They quoted me $2000 worth of work that DIDNT EVEN NEED TO BE DONE!
I take my Dodges to Tempe Dodge now, and I take my VW's to Lunde's Peoria VW.
Good luck chapman.

I am the proud owner of a 2013 Dodge Dart II and I could not be happier!
Chris Verdugo was an amazing salesman and did everything he could to keep me in my dream car.
If you are interested in buying a vehicle, I definitely recommend going to Chapman.
Ask for Chris and he will do all he can to get you in the car of your dreams, like he did with me.
I am so grateful for all the employees at Chapman that worked with me and getting me approved for my car.
I LOVE IT!
Thank you again to Chris as well, I couldn't have done it without him.

Went in to look at buying a new vehicle.
Every sticker had almost $1000.00 in extra mark ups consisting of: "Desert Protection" Window tint Lifetime nitrogen  SO......If you want to buy some snake oil, and over pay for tinted windows, stop on by!
An extra charge for nitrogen in tires is a joke.
The air around us is 78% nitrogen.
Race Cars use nitrogen, as they have to get tire pressures within half a pound, or less, and nitrogen doesn't promote combustion in a crash.
Aircraft use nitrogen in tires as it holds less water vapor, and doesn't promote combustion in a crash.
Unless the tires are properly purged of all ambient air, they are not being filled with "pure" nitrogen anyway.

HUGE Thank You to David Flores!
My car has always had transmission problems and when I knew the big break down was coming again I had no other choice but to go to the dealership.
As a 21 year old female going to a dealership is about as fun as going to Home Depot with Dad.
Thankfully my Mother drove over three hours just to go with me.
As I pull up to the dealership I saw how hectic and busy all the workers were and immediately thought the worst.
That's when David came up to my mother and I..
I can't say thank you enough.
He has completely changed my perspective on dealerships.
When I finally decide to buy a new car I will only buy one from this dealership because of him and the service he has provided.
He went well over above and beyond what I could have expected from anyone.
This is a huge relief to me and to my family because they live so far away from me.
I know if I ever have a problem I can call David and he will take care of me.
I cannot thank you enough!
You guys have got the best Service Advisor out there.
I will forever be a loyal customer to Chapman.
Thank you so much David!

Do not come for oil changes.
I had an appointment at 1pm and my car was not taken back until about 120.
It is now 225 and they pulled my car up in the garage where I can see it, but have heard nothing about whether it is done or not.

Not recommend service department I do not write many reviews so when I do, they are reality.
Chapman Dodge service department in Scottsdale has much to be desired.
I have no experience with the car sales so this relates only to service dept.
4 times in to get my cruise control fixed (under warranty) and still broke.
The last time I took it in Service tech Dave Colwell siad well it's been a while since you last had it in for the same repair.
(Hmm, 3 months is a long time?
)  I emailed the service manager Tina on this.
Received a message back.
I called and emailed her and no reply.
Here is the kicker.
I have delt with Chapman Chevrolet in Tempe for 10 years and they are awesome.
Same company?
I think not.
Chapman Dodge is Scottsdale is owned by a nother family member.
One additional note at Chapman Chevrolet in Tempe my cars always came back spotless clean.
At  Chapman Dodge in Scottsdale this is much to be desired.
My recomendation is not a good choice to have your Dodge or Chrysler serviced.

My first two experiences with Chapman were AMAZING.
Having our Jeep serviced at Chapman was a breeze!
The staff is extremely helpful & their services are super fast!

Ok, I think I can speak for the majority of new car shoppers that while it is always an exciting process it is equally exhausting and never ending.
I have bought two cars from Chapman before already and this is my third.
I approached things differently this time and went through Costco to put me in touch with their certified representative at Chapman who is Michael Strickland.
I cannot say what an awesome, simple and easy experience this was.
Michael immediately sent me an email with what the bottom line was, asked what I wanted, did a search and couldn't find a new 2014 Durango R/T with what I wanted anywhere near by.
I went in to see him and 30 minutes later I was out the door with the order placed for exactly the car I wanted at a really fair price.
Simplify your life, use the Costco Auto Program, contact Michael and have him help you get the car you want.
Done.
Thank you Chapman and Michael.

We have brought our jeep to be serviced here for the past 6 years.
Last week we brought it in for a simple oil leak.
They call back notifying us that the computer fried.
When we went to pay our bill for the oil leak, they had tacked on about a thousand dollars for the computer they broke and tried to charge us.
We were very upset and was unable to talk to a manager till they next day who claims that they would give us a discount rate but wouldn't pay for the computer that they broke!

LONG REVIEW, BUT IF YOU ARE LOOKING TO GET SERVICE HERE I RECOMMEND READING THIS TO THE END.
First off, if not for Tina, their service manager at the time (a year ago), I would give Chapman 0 stars if it was possible, but I guess she earned Chapman this 1 star.
I bought a 2012 Grand Cherokee Overland Summit (roughly 50K new) from a dealership out of town.
At around 500 mi, I found a few issues with the vehicle, such as minor dull spots in the factory paint, a clunking sound coming from my rear shock, a rattle, and my left side-mirror did not seem fully secured as it would shake a little when driving over a bumpy road.
My service rep got me set up with a rental car and said everything will be done in 1 week.
It took 3 weeks--they replaced the shock, mirror, attempted to buff out the dull spots, and fixed the rattle.
Well once I got it back, the only thing that was properly fixed was the rattle.
The shock still made a clunking sound in which they stated that the shock was blown (at 500 miles?).
The mirror still shook and the dull spots were not completely gone and now I had the fine hair-line scratches in my paint from it being buffed AND you could see the dull spots still.
Their service reps do not seem to know how to inspect a vehicle to ensure things have been fixed properly before handing it back to a customer as this was an ongoing issue.
ON TOP of all that, I found damages to my vehicle including scratches/chips on 2 of my rims and some chips in the paint.
(I made sure to take photos of everything for proof throughout).
After a couple visits, I had started to deal with Tina in order to get the damages fixed while I would bring my vehicle back in to get some of the same issues re-looked at such as the clunking shock sound, mirror, etc-- as well as new issues that popped up.
More damages were caused to my vehicle including some scratches in my leather interior and a huge chip out of the leather piece on the driver side door where no work was needed--why would that happen?
The best work came from the sub-contracted workers who came in and did the damage repairs (chips in the leather interior and rims).
The only time I got my vehicle back without new damages was when Tina would be the one handling or supervising my jeep which shows that the mechanics there have no respect for the vehicles that come in.
The most ridiculous and worst experience I had there was for a required oil change @ 8K miles.
Figured how could a dealership screw up an oil change?
Wow, was I wrong!
I'm normally strapped for time during the weekday hours that the dealership was open, so I took it in on a Saturday.
The service guy for the oil change asked if I wanted the free car wash, I told him "no" because it was not a touchless car wash and who knows how dirty the brushes are.
I return 3 hours later.
First thing I noticed was that they washed my car--way to follow directions!
During this time I had my parents with me, and my father points out that there are grease/oil marks up and down the passenger side A-pillar and even on the roof liner.
Why the hell would anyone need to be on the passenger side for an OIL CHANGE??
Let alone putting their greasy hands all over the ceiling?
This started to worry me with the past damages caused by Chapman, so I do a full inspection to make sure nothing else was damaged and found that the car wash scratched my hood up, along with other sections on the vehicle (chrome pieces, etc).
On top of all that, I found a decent sized dent on top of the hood.
Honestly it started to give me the feeling that these mechanics were screwing with me.
Who knows, but I do know that the damages caused after the first time I brought it in do not make sense for the type of work they were doing.
All in all, they could not fix certain issues such as the driver-side mirror (attempted twice), clunking sound shock (attempted twice), and a few other things I did not mention because this review is long enough.
Tina did have most damages fixed (obviously not as good as new, but good enough for me) except for the scratches in the paint caused by the car wash.
Funny thing is, I took my vehicle to a new dealership after all this (which they are not perfect by any means) but they were able to fix the shock clunking sound by replacing the shock and mount.
How were they able to do it and not Chapman?
On top of that, when I took it into the new dealership @ 11.5k miles, they asked if I ever had an oil change because the oil was extremely low and completely black.
So that means, I paid Chapman $40 for an oil change that put a dent in my hood, put grease marks all up and down my ceiling liner and A-pillars, a car wash that scratched the hood, and they DIDN'T EVEN CHANGE MY OIL.
AVOID SERVICE HERE AT ALL COSTS, not to say you won't find issues with other dealers, but my experience @ Chapman was a NIGHTMARE.
I just hope that since my jeep didn't officially have the oil changed until 11.5k miles that it doesn't cause me problems down the road

Best car buying experience ever.
Patrick took total care of me.
I highly recommend this place.
Love my new Jeep!

As if not paying taking responsibility for the damage they caused wasn't enough.
A few days after they fixed the oil leak it continued to drip oil.
Upon closer inspection by a licensed mechanic they overfilled the oil.
SERIOUSLY how unprofessional!
The only contact received was from someone just flat out denying they ever did anything wrong.

Great experience with Mike Strickland.
Prices were as good or better than anywhere else in the Valley.
Mike made it easy, was low pressure, and provided a fantastic experience for me.They did not push any dealer add ons on me, and were upfront from the very beginning.
Really happy with my 2014 Wrangler and the experience with the team at Chapman.

I brough my car for service to this location , and waited for 15 minutes no one adknowledged me !
Service is very slow!
No very friendly customer service at all!
When my service contract expires i will never comeback here!

Chapman Dodge went above and beyond to make us happy and did!
Mike Conaway at Chapman was beyond helpful.
He made our purchase experience exactly what I hoped for, very smooth, no pressure, no worries.
I was very clear on what we wanted.
This was to purchase using our own funding and for the fair investigated cost we had found.
They abided by our decisions and processed the paperwork for which we required.
I highly recommend you consider going to Chapman Dodge as your first attempt to purchase your vehicle you will not be sorry.
I would return to them in a moments notice for my next vehicle  Do not even consider going to Airpark Dodge.
We went to them first and you can read my review under their name.

Great place

I am the proud owner of a 2014 Jeep Grand Cherokee thanks to Mike Conway my sales guy!
I usually hate buying a car because of all the nonsense you go through with sales people but Mike is top of the line.
I have never had a sales person take the time to go through all the details of the car.
He sat in the car with us and went through every button, lever and compartment.
I can honestly say there is not much I don't know about my car.
I felt that was an extra special touch!
He really took his time with us, didn't rush us and gave us the VIP treatment.
Thanks Mike!
We'll never go to anyone else!

The service department here is the worst.
I will never bring my truck back.
Now a happy customer of The Bill Luke dealership.

We've been looking for the blacktop edition 2014 Challenger RT for sometime.
We were dealing with Mike Conaway, which who I highly recommend if you don't want any BS while making a deal.
I told him what car I wanted and what I was able to put down as a down payment and what I could afford monthly.
I told him please don't play the negotiating game with me because I don't have time due to my work schedule and working out of town.
He made my numbers work with no hassle in less than a week.
He gave me exactly what I was looking for in regards to the car, price, down payment, etc.
Once I got back into town to make the deal he was straight to business and no BSing with trying to get the payments higher.
He was very easy and pleasant to work with.
I actually told him, "You've made this the least painful expreience I've ever had buying a new car.
" For that, I thank him.
So if you're looking for a great buying experience I would go to this dealership and ask for Mike Conaway.

Sam met me at the service area, checked in my vehicle for its appointment and got me a curtesy vehicle.
I was excite to get my car back clean and ready to go.

