This is a Taco Truck right next to the Meat Shop on Buckeye Rd in Phoenix (address approximate).
The Tacos al Pastor are a must try.
Homemade, handmade tortillas.
Fabulous pastor.
excellent carne asada.

Was in the area and needed a place to eat before dropping off my rental and decided to stop off at Tacos La Hacienda.
Not much can be said about Tacos La Hacienda except that it's a converted lunch truck made into a "restaurant" with some patio furniture, a tarp to provide shade, and an old TV playing Univision.
Tacos La Hacienda has all the items you would expect from a lunch truck - tacos, burritos, toratas, etc.
Most items here are $5 and under and it seems like a popular spot as many people where parked here having a late lunch/early dinner.
Looking over the menu - decided to get the chicken torta.
The food took about 10 minutes but when I got it - was worth the wait.
The torta was stacked with freshly grilled chicken and lettuce with a nice sauce to eat.
They also grilled the bun and must have put butter on it as it gave a nice crispy buttery taste to the sandwich.
The also had some house made sauce on the table that had a nice little bit to it and added a good amount of flavor.
It was an excellent torta.
As to ratings - it's a good cheap eats spot.
Nothing worth driving to - but something worth considering if you're in the area.
More like a 3.5 rating but wouldn't object to eating here again - so rounding up to a 5 star rating for Tacos La Hacienda.

The search for awesome tacos led us here.
The appearance may be unappealing, so you MUST overlook that.
It is simply a food truck in an empty lot, with some tables with benches under blue tarp for shade.
The truck is painted with "Taqueria La Hacienda," located just east of the ally next to The Meat Shop at 2nd St.
The tacos come with your choice of meat, plus onions & cilantro.
Everything is chopped tiny, which is a plus for me.
They have guacamole, red, and green sauces in squeeze bottles.
Didn't try the green, but the red and guac are both good.
The al pastor is the BEST I've ever had.
It was so crispy and delicious!
I wish I had a burrito full of it!
The asada was also good, as well as the lengua according to my husband.
The drink selection was okay: regular Coke cans, bottled water, Mexican bottled Coke (YUM!
), and a few different bottled Jarritos.
According to their menu, they have breakfast items as well.
They are there Monday-Thursday 8am only until about 12pm/1pm, but weekends stay late into the night (2am-ish I think).
This is definitely the place to hit up after partying on Fri/Sat nights and well worth the drive from the north valley!

These are tasty tacos.
pastor and cucumbers tacos are very good to eat.
Yummy.
Carne asada is second best.
but if you bring your own beer (be discrete) you won't care about which is best.
ps.
What do you call Mexican food while in Mexico?
... Food!

I've been visiting this place since it opened on 1st st near check cashers before it moved to it's current location.
This is THE roach coach we visit most often when a craving for a burrito hits and Filibertos is not enough!
The carne asada is always grilled with a great char flavor, I usually get the carne asada burrito or tacos although I"ve also tried the torta.
Other items I've tried and liked greenchile/cheese burrito and chorizo breakfast burrito.
My kid also likes their shrimp ceviche tostada.
All the items I've tried have been satisfying.
If you visit this place don't get turned off if someone comes by asking for money.....Once in a while they will have homemade horchata and that's not bad either.
Love their bottled sodas and the prices are very decent for the flavor and load of food you're given.
Since it's outside it's super hot in the summer, so be warned to take it home or buy some very ice soda to sip on while enjoying your meal!

Nothing says late night good eats like a taco stand.
i would feel somewhat defeated if I were to return home without the satisfying feeling of having had a good meal.
i am not referring to a greasy mess of available at a local college hangout or a dingy drive-thru.
I am talking about some well priced, made-with-care food.
Tacos La Hacienda provides this.
Nothing but outdoor seating, so I don't know if I would show up in the winter time, but when the weather is warm and inviting, this is a certain destination for me.
I opted for the tacos, carne asada, lengua, and chicken, with everything of course.
I was so close to ordering the breakfast items, which are available all day.
But I was quite happy with my selection.
Good amount of meat and pico de gallo stuffed in.
Bottles of guac and savory hot sauce are available when dining in, in as in outside.

This is THE BEST place to get authentic Mexican style street tacos.
The tacos Al Pastor are amazing.
There are many other restaurants in the valley that are nicer and have good mexican food.
There is no place that has a better street taco.
Totally worth sitting outside when it is 100+ degrees.

Love, love, love this place.
Food is great, price is right, decor is as street food as it gets.
Order whatever you feel like: it will be good!

Best Mexican carne asada quesadillas I have had in Phoenix.
This place is cheap, the people are nice... well that is all you need I guess!
Not sure if they even take cards, the food here is just super authentic.

The problem with this food truck?
It just 5 minutes away from my house!
My husband and I tried this spot after a Chow-Bella article named it one of their to ten taco places in Metro Phoenix.
It's quick, cheap, and seriously tasty!
We tried the asada tacos and pastor tacos.
Both are delicious ( and surprisingly filling), but pastor was my favorite!
Also on the menu are vampiro tacos.
That's right, the local to AZ and Mexico specialty...vampire tacos!
I have no idea what this means, but I will be returning to try them.
Now, to go try the other tacos on that list.

Delicious tacos, normally fast service except on Sundays.
Wait was too long for starving church go-ers.
Overall good spot if you can get past the gang of chihuahuas that lerk at the kwik-e-wash next door.
Plus side, if you take your date there on the weekend you can score a bootlegged dvd to watch at home.
In all seriousness, really good authentic food at a good deal.
Cash only.

This place saved my life.
The boyfriend and I were wasted, lost, and starving downtown when this place shined like a beacon out of the darkness.
I had the chile relleno burrito and he had 4 carne asada tacos with a coke and our total was only 11 bucks.
Seriously the food is amazing, and I will venture back soon.

A hidden gem definitely worth the trip from Scottsdale.
Can't find any better or more authentic Mexican food, promise.

