$25 dollars for a SPA pedicure + immaculate and modern decor + riendly and wonderful staff + an impeccable pedicure = my new nail spot!
Only has opened for 6 months.
They are closed at 9pm and located on Las Vegas Blvd in front of outlet mall.
They did a wonderful job and worth the drive!

Clean & fun atmosphere with nice people to do your nails!
If you don't like fake nails I recommend paying the extra $$ for the gel polish...looks awesome and lasts for weeks!

Excellent.
Nice and clean.
New salon.
We  got right in for manicures, no wait.
They did a great job and longer than other places massage.
Manicure was $12.

Awesome got to say love this place so nice clean staff was very friendly and I love the ultimate pedicure.... bobby is the best.... will be back even though it is a drive the service is worth it

I LOVE this place!!!
I LOVE the owners, I have been following Henri around for several yrs now & Kristi does a great job too with nails & waxing.
Prices are sooo reasonable, its a great location from the strip & much cheaper then what u would pay @ a casino hotel.
If your visiting def.
go & get ur nails done, its well worth it, you won't be disappointed & if you live in Vegas you should check this place out.
I live in Summerlin & will drive here just to have my nails done by Henri.
This place is always clean, neat & all the staff is very friendly!!!

Great place.
Everyone was so nice.
We were I'n town for a convention and.
Needed a rush manicure.
They were most professional.
Highly recommended.

The prices ($12 for a manicure, $20 for a pedicure) are fantastic.
It was definitely more stylish than your average cheap-O nail place, but I can't say the quality was any better.
My experience was perhaps tainted because my nail person was sick and coughed all over me the entire time.
EW.
That aside, they definitely don't put on the sanitizing show you see at other places.
They dont' use the packets where they rip it open in front of you, and I never saw the tools being cleaned.
That being said, the place "felt" clean, I just didn't feel as confident on sanitization as I do at other spots.

I absolutely love this place!!
I've been coming here for about 3 months and have always had a great experience!!
My nail tech, Henry, is extremely personable, funny and always gives me exactly what I ask for.
I've tried many nail salons here in Vegas and this is by far the best, not to mention their very reasonable prices!
Xoxo

NO STARS would be a justification on rating this place!
The ONLY thing that is good about this place is the decor.
It goes downhill from there...  1st - The receptionist forgot to leave her stink attitude at home.
She asked us what we wanted done and then directed us to "go over there and sit down".
At that point RED FLAG.
My girlfriend looked at me and asked her should we leave now?
But no we decided to give this place a chance.
2nd - Just like the other disappointed yelp reviewer, the lady who did my nails never said ONE word to me.
No "hi", "hello", "how are you"...nothing.
The whole time I just looked at her doing my nails...can we say awkward!
3rd - While doing my pedicure she dropped the pumice bar THREE TIMES...no she didn't switch it for a new one but simply picked up from the FLOOR and swished it in the tub where my other foot was soaking then back to scrubbing my foot!!!!
OMG!
NO BUENO!
Then while she was doing my manicure I noticed something super disturbing.
After the workers are done with bowl (which has little marbles) they use to soak your nails they only dump out the water then throw it into the cupboard above the sink.
NO SANITIZING, NO THROUGH CLEANING.
Just recycled like there is no bacteria found in anyone's nails.
EWWW!
4th - I wanted the shatter look so I brought my own polish.
The silent lady put it on and I was pleased.
Then I looked at my right thumb and noticed that it the shatter didn't really "shatter".
I showed her my nail and told her that this one looks like solid black.
I was implying that the nail polish wasn't cooperating but she took it as me blaming her for it.
She then gave me the "what you want me to do" attitude then proceeded to tell her coworkers in front of me the situation in her language.
NICE!
That set me off!
5th - After she said what she needed to say to her coworkers, Silent Lady walks away and never comes back....like icing on the cake!
IF YOU WANT A NICE, POSITIVE & CLEAN SERVICE DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT COME HERE.
Trust me, I'm saving your toes, fingers and money.
NO ONE IS HAPPY THERE SO YOU WONT BE EITHER.

I waited 45 minutes for a set of pink and whites.
There was only one other person having their nails done.
The guy finally sat down and I said can we get this done in 15 minutes?
I've waited 45 minutes and need to be somewhere.
He's like, umm no.
So I got up and left.
Terrible.

I have nothing but the best to say about Vanity Nails.
I'm a local, and I think tourists looking for a place to get their nails and feet done should all come here.
Even if that means I have to wait an hour to be seen :) Super-friendly, fun, fast, talented, detail-oriented, attentive... GREAT selection of colors and techniques and design options for your mani/pedi, acrylics, gels, whatever you need.
I hate it when I'm out of town and have to go to a different salon, because they NEVER do as great a job as any of the folks at Vanity Nails.
You'll see tourists, showgirls, Vegas Strip entertainers all coming here to get their nails done.
AND for some reason, they insist on keeping their prices crazy low for the quality of work they do.
Lots of parking, it's right next to the outlet malls and a ton of food places, so you can shop, eat, and then get your nails done.
Seriously, come here!

Great place!
I'm from out of town and needed somewhere to get a full set before my engagement pictures tomorrow!
$45 for pink & white with gel.... A little pricier then my place back at home but they look beautiful and the tech was very nice and held a conversation the whole time!
Worth the extra money!
Also, very CLEAN!
I'm a licensed cosmetologist so I know the standards salons are held to and they are very clean!
There was literally a guy cleaning stations and glass the whole time I was there!
Rare to find these days!

I think this place is great.
Ask for Henry or Christy, they both do great nails.
It's well priced and they have a ton of nail polish options.
I'd say the mix is 50% locals and 50% tourists.
It's super clean and they do a good job.

I use to LOVE this nail salon!
Every time i went in there i got what i wanted, they were fast, efficient and, amazing.
However BIG HOWEVER that great service went downhill fast.
They started overcharging me (i had to correct the price they gave me a few times).
The service started going downhill and the workmenship was lacking.
The pedicures went from amazing to terrible, and my nails.
well lets just say after having fakes for 3 years i stopped having them because of this place.. All in all i will never go back.
You pay with a  card, however they charge you a fee.

Bobby is the best he always listens to my boring stories and does a great job on my nails

I discovered this place last spring following a disappointing experience at Polished and since then Vanity has become my go to spot for pedis.
I'll be the first to say it's not the most posh and the nail polish selection isn't the best BUT they always work me in, there's never a wait, I'm in and out in 35-40 minutes, my feet look good and best of all it's only $20 for their spa pedicure.
I've only had a manicure once and Heidi did a great job both with removing my current disastrous gel manicure and making sure my hands looked good for the weekend.
Since I don't have acrylics I can't comment on the nail techs in that regard.
Their clientele is a mix of all ages of tourists and locals.
The ladies doing your nails are quick, friendly and I've never had an issue with cleanliness.
When I'm not looking for all out pampering but just want feet to look pretty, for the price it doesn't get better than this.

Really nice nail shop.
The pedicure room is nice in a fish bowl kinda way, decent pedi for $20.
The lady that did my pedi was nice and not overly chatty.
If back in town I would come again.
Many many shellac polish colors too.

Great pedicure joint.
Friendly staff will keep me coming back.

I recently started getting gel on my nails as opposed to a regular manicure.
I had gone to Polished and had (as you may have read in my other review) a horrible expierence.
I then went on a hunt for a new place.
I read a review here on Yelp wherein the person had a bad expierence at Polished too and they found Vanity and highly recommended it.
I figured I would give it a try.
I went to Vanity on Sunday morning about 11:30am without an appointment.
They were able to help me right away, were very nice, and did an excellent job!
Everything was clean and seemed new.
I liked that the pedicure area was separated from the nail area.
I read in another review that there was a bad smell in there, which I was a little worried about, but I did not witness a bad smell while I was there.
The price was a nice surprise too since I paid literally HALF at Vanity for the same service I got at Polished.
I am often asked about my nails and where I get them done.
I make sure to tell everyone about how horrible Polished was and now highly recommend Vanity.
Vanity has a new loyal customer!

Henry, the manager, usually does my nails and does a great job.
He is very skilled and friendly.
Meticulous in his work.
Always does my nails with a smile.
Gave me a very nice gel polish French manicure today.
I have only had good experiences there thus far.
The place is always busy.
Seems to me they must be doing something right if there are always customers.
Brought my roommate there and the staff was sweet and accommodated us by putting us in a special area so we could sit next to each other and chat while we got our pedicures.
We were both pleased with the service.
Look forward to my next visit.

Definitely DO NOT recommend Brazilian waxing here.
The girl only put paper over half of the bed where my lower body would touch, but my head and hair was laying on some sort of fabric cover of the bed without the protection of the paper...
I hope the last person who laid there didn't have lice.
The job was done right, but it was clear that she is not very skilled at it and wasn't very efficient.
It took double the time it would normally take my waxing lady in New York to do, who only charges $25 and it was right in SOHO.
Here it costs $60.
Going on to the manicure, I asked for a normal manicure, and the girl tried hard to push their gel manicure, which seems to be their thing according to other Yelp reviews.
I ended up getting it and will see how long it actually lasts (according to them it could last for two weeks).
It was done very efficiently (unlike my waxing).
Agree with another Yelper who mentioned about the hygiene.
They do not seem to disinfect their utensils in a UV box like other places do.
I will be looking for another salon before returning.

Standard prices ($12 mani, $20 pedi) but the ambiance of the salon is hard to beat.
Plus everything is out here!
Great area for a day out with the crew.
For longer lasting jobs, upgrade to gelish gel-polish for +$20.

Always get my pedicures at Vanity Nails & Spa.
Always friendly and remember a local friendly face.
My pedicures always turn out amazing and they have a great color selection.
Highly recommended!

Shelac polish started chipping in two days.
Got them done Wednesday and they are chipping by Friday.
Also, I can see the bumps and indenting on my nail from the damage she caused removing the polish.

Friendly service, affordable and very clean !
They seem to be busy every time I go, but I never have to wait long.

I've gone to Vanity Nails & Spa quite a few times.
I really like the work that they do for the price.
They charge $32 for the gel manicure.
Christy always does my nails, but one day she wasn't there, and another lady did my nails.
She did a really good job too.
Christy always does a great job, and the polish lasts a long time.
They don't have TONS of polish selections, but they have enough for me :)

I love,,,this nail salon!

Besides the fact that its right next to my house, i think they are very friendly, i always bump into my old industry friends and friends from all over town!
I love the work they , they are clean, the price is right, and i would highly recommend this place to get your nails!
If you are a tourist, i promise you its worth the drive because i have had my nails done a few times on the strip (@ MGM in my hotel, @ Caesars Palace, and @ the Planet Hollywood) they were sloppy, always in a rush, and i had to keep telling them over and over that its sloppy and they wont fix it.
One person (@MGM) said it was my feet!
lol ummm no!
I highly recommend a local place, and this is the place to go!
plus town square and the outlets is right next door!

Too bad there isn't a zero star rating.
Terrible service since I was not a regular!
Was a walk in told it was an hour wait.
Came back in an hour and was told some of their "regular " customers changes their minds about services and we had to help them.

Great price, friendly service, nice place, good energy & always welcome.

I wasn't pleased with the paint job, but I think that Kevin is probably the best cuticle-getter I've ever had!

Happy to say I had a great experience at Vanity Nails!
I am very picky about my nails and they exceeded my expectations.
Staring with the pedicure the technician did a fabulous job toe nails are nicely shaped and feet are so soft.
I just did the basic and it was only $20.
I have paid much more at other places and have received a lot less.
Also they have a nice variety of polish selection.
The massage chair was also amazing really worked the tension knots out of my shoulders and neck.
For the nails I got a new set of pink and whites and they are the best I have had in along time.
I removed my old set before coming in and had a sore spot on my thumb the technician was very careful with that area.
As for the nails they are nicely shaped, thin, and down to the cuticle.
And again the price amazed me at only $45.
The salon is also clean and has a nice atmosphere all of the technicians seem friendly and professional.
Glad to have found such a nice nail salon in Vegas.
Thank you Vanity Nails!

Amazing place!
We took a wedding party there for mani/pedis the day of the wedding and they did SUCH a great job.
Everyone is friendly, efficient and doesn't skimp on services.
They made great suggestions and knew what they were doing.
I am super picky about my nails and they made me SO happy that I wish I didn't live so very far away.
I would suggest this place to anyone staying or living in Vegas.
Couldn't be happier!

Bad ass pedi for $20.
I tipped 30% because she gave me such a good rubdown I almost passed out!
Lol the place is nice inside and everyone is super nice.
I will be back!

This place gets 1 extra star for being open later than the other nail salons in the area.
I've only been here once, but so far so good.
I got there right after 7pm and they had me in and out in about an hour (with time for drying) I was surprised it was so quick, because I never felt rushed.
While I sat in the massage chair, one  guy did my toes and another did my nails while standing next to me.
It was all pretty efficient.
I like that the massage chairs are a little excluded.
They are behind a clear wall.
Pedicures for $20, you can't beat that price.
I'll definitely be trying this place again.

Love this place!!!
Been going here for awhile.
Always clean and the staff is always super friendly.
Go see May for the best pedicure ever.
I always splurge for the deluxe... well worth the additional charge.
And Kristy always does an outstanding job on my hands.

This place is always buuusssyyy!!
Doesn't that say something?!
I love how they have so many gel nail colors to choose from :).
The products they use aren't cheap - my nails actually stay in tact for weeks on end without chipping or peeling off.
I've tried few ppl do my nails, but my all time favorite nail techs are Henry and Kristi!!
If you like to personalize your nails ( something you've seen on Pinterest ) they can do it for you!
The set up of the place is really simple and easy flow of energy when you walk in.
I like the set up and the glass division between the man and pedi section.
There's always someone at the reception desk to check you in/out and answer phone calls (something that is necessary).
Vanity Nails is very clean and organized.
Vanity nails also have pedi packages to choose from ...
They even have a little menu to look at :).
Some special treatments from exfoliating to deep moisturizing.

Ask for Kayla.
She's great at waxing and shaping eyebrows.
Also, she does wonders to my hands and feet.
Kayla's pleasant and calm personality makes the whole mani and pedi experience so soothing.

Upon entering the salon I found it uncomfortable to breath.
Maybe it isn't well ventilated for the amount of work they do?
The air feels full of powder and fumes.
I sat and the man working on my nails was doing okay removing the gel polish and making repairs to my natural nails that were all cracked.
Then it happened...
He cut two of my nails significantly shorter than the rest!
I let him know politely.
And eventually he got up and had someone else take over.
These are my real nails, and I was not going to be happy with them applying acrylics because of this mistake.
I liked the length on the rest of my nails which I so patiently grew out myself.
In the end I went home with UNEVEN lengths.
The lady who took over was far more personable.
Unfortunately with his mistake...
It was all too late.
I told her to even them out.
After going home I see she evened out my right hand to match all the shorter cut nails.
My left hand remained all longer.
SUPER DISAPPOINTED about this.
I was very calm and polite too.
I chose a pale pink glitter gel and a teal glitter for my ring fingers.
Painted in a high French.
She did a good job applying the gel.
$50 with tip.
The way he cut my nails is obviously uneven and just ruined it for me.
Now I have to file them down myself and seal the edges with gel polish on my own.
Such a hassle.
On top of that, wait for my nails to grow to the length I wanted!
I would prefer the salons that take their time, pay more attention to detail, that have a more comfortable environment to relax in.

This is my favorite nail place however, this time, my gel manicure looks terrible.
The color I picked & the color I got are very different.
They also applied the color so thick, it looks awful!

I come here everytime I come to Vegas!!!
They give the best pedicures and have the most gel color choices :)

My wife loves this place.
The only downside its so busy.

This had been a bad experience all and all, the service was horrible the staff was not friendly (and I bet was talking s$&@ behind our back) the price was not the cheapest and to top it all off my gf did gel which was supposed to last 3 weeks and peeled off after less than 24 hours (see pic).
The only good thing about this place is that it's well maintained.
Too bad, yelp never fails but this time it was a fail!

love this place & my nail guy...henri!
he's been doing my nails for the past 8 years.
also love kristi who has done my nails & eye brow waxing, danny has done my nails too,  if i can't wait for henri.
place has the best prices in town.
i always make an appt prior so i don't have to wait & i get my favorite nail guy!
place is clean, staff is friendly!
i def.
recommend this place & bring all my friends who visit here!

From the moment I walked in: I was looking at gel polishes and this customer had a disagreement with the front desk clerk and suddenly the customer stormed out and the clerk looked at me and said "she's a stupid fuckn bitch" and I had nothing to say but it was just rude to refer to customer in that way and instead of saying something else, she just acted so un professional.
I then sat down to wait to be called and the gentleman just waved from across the room tell him to hurry up to my chair.
Long story short it would given 5 starts but the service was rude.
The kind lady who did my pedicure did a great job and they looked good.
The lady next to me who was doing a friends pedicure came out and offered us cold water bottles.
Very nice.
They just need to brush up on how some of the staff speaks to people.
I'm not expecting a luxurious treatment but if I wanted to hear cuss words and see eye rolling, I would've just stayed home.

Just had my gel mani and pedi done here and I really liked the place!
Very clean and the customer service was nice.
Place was decently busy and the prices are definitely affordable.
I love that it's right of the freeway makes it very convenient.
It's also a huge bonus that it is right by the mall for those days where you just wanna pamper and splurge on yourself hehehe.

I've been going here for over 4 years and they are great.
Tina, Vivian & Chrissy are amazing.
They always do a great job & their pricing are amazing compared to most nail salons in Vegas.
Weekends tend to get busy bc of tourists that go to the outlets but if you call & make an appointment they honor that & never make you wait.

Let me start off by saying that my experience here was so bad that I took the time to make an account and write this review.
I use yelp all the time but never needed to actually make an account.
The nail service and customer service was far by the WORST i have ever experienced.
I got my nails done 2 days ago and all my nails were chipped and cracked on both hands.
I also got my eyebrows done which was extremely painful.
I went back today to get them fixed and not once did they apologize for the inconvenience but rather blamed me for not getting the service that was 30 dollars more than i paid.
The entire hour she was fixing my nails she was talking in Vietnamese  to the other workers creating a very uncomfortable situation with all the workers looking back at me.
Never would go back again.
I would urge anyone that considers to go here to drive and extra 5-10 mins to a different salon.
In the 6 years I've lived here I have never experienced such bad service and uncomfort while getting my nails which is supposed to be relaxing and pleasurable experience.

Been coming to vanity for almost a year and they have never let me down I always get the best service , they do an amazing job on my nails.
I've never had any problems .
I am completely obsessed with this place.
it would recommend to anyone in the area.
And if ur local it's worth the drive.

Used to have really top quality service but recently I've noticed just sloppiness.
My pedicure was average and the polish was messy.
My gel manicure took 30+ to come off and I asked for a design and it was visibly sloppy.
Also I noticed a lack of clean looking, brand name polishes.
Would've given two stars except the facilities are clean... Lots of magazines, still a considerable amount of OPI and Essie and gel colors to choose from; and the prices are cheap.

I absolutely HAD to write a review after my husband and I had a pedicure together today.
An asian heavy set man did mine and a very tiny asian woman did my husbands.
I think the great reviews here must be bought or something...LOL!
because the service was HORRIBLE, the pedicures were HORRIBLE...lack of interest is an understatement.
I think my guy had a permanent 'look right only' lock on his neck...never looked at me once.
I asked if he could do more than the boring 'one hand stroke over and over' on my feet and he said NO!
Toe nails were crookedly cut, cuticles were not trimmed...the whole thing was a mess.
My husband said it was the worst pedicure he ever had and we get them together all the time.
When I walked into the place, a young, attractive girl was at the counter.
She said, 'what do you want today?
' No smile...actually looked like she hated customers, or something..I said, 'how about being happy and smiling?
' she said, 'what do you want?
' Geesh!!
There's a sign posted saying something about not accepting bad attitudes..of the customers...and being able to refuse to service a customer...maybe your customer service is so rotten, customers get an attitude and then you post a sign saying you can refuse service to these people??
OMG...stay away!!
Oh, got my eyebrows done and ended up with uneven, almost bald eyebrows.
Hey, if you hate customers, go plant flowers or something.
Stop making us miserable when we hand over our hard earned cash.
One woman there, May, looked like she was really doing a great job massaging a man's feet...but I didn't get her.
I got the meanest, worst customer service ever by the most unqualified and disinterested staff ever!!
I wish I could give them NO stars!!
Horrible....

Went here 5/25 for mani/pedi.
I man a little bigger than most Asian males did my nails.
He put me in chair with broken armchair.
He was too fast.
I was not pleased.
I still have callouses and cuticles not trimmed.
No leg massage.
Mani was pretty pad.
Upon retuning home I noticed all the polish had bubbled up, looking terrible.
3days later they are chipped.
Vegas has too many salons to put up with substandard service.
Next time I'm in Vegas I will go elsewhere.
I'm giving two stars because we were 20 minutes early and they let us in and started right away.

I love this nail salon they have always given me the best gel mani/pedi.
I started coming to them after a disaster at another salon down the boulevard and I will never get my nails done anywhere else.
All the technicians are very very talented so doing a walk-in is never a problem.

This is the BEST place in town!
ive tried several places around the area and no one compares!

Been getting my nails done for nearly 18 years...  and since I just moved to the south end of town I haven't found a new manicurist until now...
Went in for a full set, and Holly was fantastic.
If you have read my other reviews for nail salons you will know that I don't come in for the "experience".
I like to get in and get out...pretty set in my ways as I get a white tip, natural powder, short but white tips set higher so longer grow out period until the white tip looks awkward.
Rounded square with a gel overlay (so I can polish regularly and remove should I get the urge) and I am good to go.
Holly not only did everything exactly the way I like, but was fast,  they are even and perfect.
The acrylic is not too thick so you feel like you have dinner plates on your fingertips and not too thin that it will break within a day.
Just like Sally would do them at Elite Nail Spa in Chicago for 10 years....(still miss her!
) Perfect!
I went at 3:45 on a Friday so it was busy but even walk in's didn't have to wait too long.
I ended up getting a gel polish change on my toes as well from Henri and he was friendly and did a excellent job.
Since the foot callous razor tool is verboten now in Vegas it seems, I have learned to do it at home,  so rarely find the need for a full pedicure.
But I am pathetically lacking in polish skills so this was a great option for $20.
They have TONS of gel polish (on a side note,  the greatest invention EVER,am I right?).
If you are looking for a clean, bustling place that does an excellent job and get's you out quickly... definitely this is the place.
Out of town visitors are a plenty here so I was a bit leery that they may skimp on quality ..but no,  I am so pleased,   finally a place I can become a regular at ..yay!

I love Vanity nails.
I've been going every few weeks for a while now and I can't think of anything negative to say.
I've gotten my nails done all over the Las Vegas valley for many years.
Quality is important when it comes to nails, but if a salon has terrible service, Im not going back.
I was a loyal Polished customer for a couple years but they started forgetting how to treat their customers and just like that, I left.
Vanity Nails is so accommodating.
They always find a way to take me the same day, they have even stayed open past closing several nights for me.
While I always ask for Henri, they have a great team with years of experience under their belt.
They're a family and it shows.

