Thyme.
Oh.My.God.
I like to think that I'm a bit of a connoisseur when it comes to sandwiches.
My boyfriend tells me I'm the best at making them, and I have the hips to prove that I like a good sandwich.
So imagine my surprise when I popped into a local sandwich shop en route to university and came across the best sandwich shop ever created.
Ever.
Thyme, half way up (or down, whichever way you look at it) Holyrood Road has always caught my eye as the queue is always out the door.
Mainly men and women in suits, I was always intrigued to find out what they were willing to get frizzy hair for.
I must admit, I was dubious as I was instructed to choose my own bread from a skanky-looking bread bin in the corner, but was redeemed when I saw all the fillings I could have inside it.
Most impressively, their vegetarian options board is just as big, if not bigger than their meat board and to be honest, it's better.
I can HIGHLY recommend the bacon, brie and cranberry - quite frankly it's better than sex (sorry mum).
Coronation Chicken and Mango, tuna flakes and Cashew nuts and Falafel and Mascarpone are amongst my favourites.
They even have a filling of the week.
And soup!
The next best thing after my Gran's Broth.
AND THERE'S MORE!
They do amazing smoothies made right infront of you, and soup and salads - I've just started getting into the salads (which they make with half cous cous half leaves, or to your preference) as a healthier option (remember the previous hips comment).
The selection they offer is unbelievable.
And it's cheap!
Complete with 10% student discount - I think I love this place.
I can buy two bacon and brie sandwiches for under £5.
Bargain.
I don't think I've got the message across quite enough - Thyme is brilliant.
It's a small shop yes, and always has a big queue, but my God it's worth it.
There are not many things I will get frizzy hair for, and these sandwiches are one of them.
I feel sorry for Thyme competing to bigger, crappier and more expensive 'Foodies' right next door, but, fellow enthusiasts, we know quality when we find it and Thyme is quality.

Bacon and Brie and Cranberry - I love you  Honestly,it's the food of the Gods.
Every single time I take a bite it hits me.
I've tried to make my own version at home but it never seems to be the same.
Ugh!!
The staff are really friendly though, they make the sandwiches infront of you, it's sortof like an upper-class Subway.
Watch out for the queues though, it's getting more popular...!

In an almost spooky coincidence, yesterday I had the exact Bacon, Brie and Cranberry sarnie that Emily T has just waxed lyrical about.
It was only second choice actually, due to the fact it was half 2 and they'd ran out of pine nuts, but surely it must be the best second choice I've made in a while.
On a poppyseed roll, I didn't think it looked that exciting when they made it, but the frankly phenomenal taste sensation I experienced sitting outside Our Dynamic Earth really was something to write home about.
You could spend 100 quid in a restaurant and not taste anything half as good.
It really was tremendous, and if I remember correctly less than £3.
The slice of rocky road afterwards looked and tasted delightfully homemade, and I've no doubt that Thyme will be a regular lunchtime stopoff for me in days to come.
I wish they had some seating however, as taking my roll back to the office staffroom and interacting with human beings is not something I want to have to do on my break.

After hearing the rave reviews about Thyme on Yelp, I realised that I just HAD to check out the sarnies for myself.
Boy, have I been missing out, they are phenomenal.
The selection is torturous because everything looks good.
After much deliberating I decided to go for the Thyme House which was a fresh roll stuffed with a generous helping of chicken, avocado and tomatoes with a mustard dressing...
I'm drooling just thinking about it.
Absolutely.
Outstanding.
The prices are very reasonable and my bad boy was around the £3 mark.
If I were you, I'd get myself along to Thyme right NOW!

They have avocados.
Full stop.
In their sandwiches.
And the avocados are ripe.
I mean, what more could you possibly want from life?
I went there today for a lunch break from work, for the first time ever, and have decided that I won't be able to eat a sandwich anywhere else.
Ever.
Ok, so I'm exaggerating.
But the wrap was pretty damn good.
I had the avocado and pesto dressing wrap, which came with fresh avocados, fresh mozzarella (as opposed to the stuff that you get for pizza), parmesan, walnuts and cherry tomatoes.
Yum.
The only objection I have to this place is that the wrap was teensy.
I mean, I'm used to Green Deli's or Coffee Etc's full wraps, and this one was anorexic.
But very tasty.
Yes, very tasty indeed.

Not terribly impressed with this place.
I had an average wrap one week, and a terrible one yesterday.
It was chicken, avocado, and falafel, and the avocado was so unripe it was almost like eating pieces of apple.
Lacklustre mayonnaise that did little to give the thing coherency -- some sandwiches taste like their components are meant to be together; this just seemed like a random assemblage.
Falafel okay though lots fell out.
Their broken biscuit cake just about made up for it; that was pretty good and I'd go back for that.

I was treated to Thyme wraps, cheeses, meats, sandwiches and other tasty nibbles at a Yelp event last night and, like everything about last night, I was incredibly impressed.
I am so used to pre-made sandwich platters consisting of bread which is soggy on the inside and dry on the outside, with fillings which look vaguely like something which used to be nice, and prawns which are just best to stay away from.
Thyme, however, took classic and often over-done sandwiches and classed them up in just a way that they were absolutely lovely.
I started on the classic, brie, apple, cranberry concoction - often these are way too heavy on cheap brie and are just not as nice as they should be.
Thyme's wrap had the perfect balance of sweet apples, tart cranberries, and good quality brie.
Very nice.
From there I moved onto the chicken, avocado and sun dried tomato; definitely no expense was spared by Thyme.
I absolutely can't wait to go here and see what else they have to offer, and need to find an excuse of have a catered party so I can get Thyme on the go.

Crayfish and rocket wrap - where have you been all my life?
I had read a lot of rave reviews of Thyme on Yelp previously but had never been passing when it was lunchtime.
But my luck was on the up yesterday when I finally got sample more than one of their delicious fillings.
The rolls are big, fresh-baked, and covered in sunflower seeds.
The wraps are soft but not soggy.
The fillings - oh  my the fillings.
What everyone else before me has said is true.
They're just exceptional, really something a bit different.
The crayfish and rocket was divine.
I now want it for dinner tonight, lunch tomorrow and maybe elevenses on Sunday.
That good.
The Thyme House was also mmmm tasty (although a little too rich on the mayo for me to have every day probably).
Chicken, avocado, lettuce, what else was even there - I don't want to question it, best to leave it in a fuzzy haze of loving food memories.
Thyme are definitely a cut above the rest when it comes to sandwiches, rolls, wraps, salads and platters.
Why would you pip for a pre-packaged generic tuna and sweetcorn when you could have something inspired, that will make your tastebuds do merry little dances of joy, for much the same price.
And it's frickin' central too!
If you do something this weekend, try a Thyme wrap.
You won't be disappointed .
*starts singing "time after time"*   ...if you're lost and your found and you will find me...time after timmmmee.
That's no even the words is it?

The reviews on here seem to be really bad or really good.
I'm quite hard to please but this place is not too bad.
I wouldnt be able to afford to eat here everyday but it's good for a treat once in a while.
I really appreciate good fresh bread and this place delivers in the bread department, the only problem I would have though is that they run out of it pretty soon and a few of their ingredients.
That could be seen as a good thing though because A: It means they dont over stock and have things in storage losing their freshness and B: It's obviously popular otherwise they wouldnt run out!

Seeing as I work about 30 paces from this place, it's hard not to nip in at lunch for something quick and tasty.
It also helps that the food is cracking!
Don't think I've tried the sandwiches yet, but enough people have raved about them anyway.
What I tend to go for is one of the amazing soups (Chipotle Meatball and Red Thai Chicken amongst my faves) or the salads.
Now, for a meat lover like me, the word salad is not often forthcoming from my yap, however I defy anyone to try either the Chicken and Cashew Nut Salad or the Chicken and Falafel Salad, and NOT be impressed.
Gorgeous stuff, so much so the Cashew Nut Badboy has become my regular Friday lunch.
Can't see past it at the minute.
The smoothies are also very flavoursome and worth a look.
Staff are friendly and accomodating, thinking nothing of exchanging the cucumber in my salad for something better like feta.
And the prices are on the right side of reasonable (£2 for a large soup; £3 for a salad; £3-5 for a sandwich/wrap, depending on what fillings your packing in)  so all in, if you're taking a walk down Holyrood Park, get yourself over to Thyme for some lunch and be disappointed not.

Popped by Thyme on several raving recommendations and snapped up a couple of wraps.
Impressed?
Yes, but not to the degree that I was expecting.
It's a bit out of the way, being nearly all the way down Holyrood, but not too far that it's an inconvenience to get to.
The staff wasn't very pleasant, unfortunately, but it was near closing time and I could understand their desire to clear out already.
There is a decent selection of options on offer, the fillings are fresh and the combinations original.
I had the Thyme House wrap, with chicken, avocado, sundried tomatoes, mayo, onion and what else have you.
It was really tasty, but rather small for the price.
Overall, it was worth a try, and if I'm in the area I'd pop in again for a snack (not a meal, unless I bought two) but while I enjoyed it, I wouldn't go out of my way to return.
Maybe if the wraps were bigger...

I've only put one star because it appears that Thyme at Holyrood has closed!
I was devastated to wander up and down Holyrood Road today with no Thyme in sight.

