I was snooping around NorSco looking for some sweet delectables with my girl friend when we stumbled upon this place off of Thompson Peak and Hayden.
Apparently we were there on this location's first week anniversary.
The place had a moderate amount of heads in it and when I saw the tap, I was ready to go.
They have a pretty decent tap.
Some goodness from Avery, Breckenridge Brewery, Oberon, Ska Brewey, and many others.
The Double IPA I rocked was quite fantastic and they had some Belgium delights too.
After a talk with one of the employees, I came under the impression that they are looking to beef up there beer selection, and the dude was actually taking notes on some of my suggestions...
I'm a sucker for a righteous tap and massive bottle selection of eclectic brews.
Enough about the beer onto the burgers...
They have 5 burgers that they have ready crafted on their menu, some sammies and salads, but their wheel house is the build your own burger.
They offer American Kobe, Bison, AAA Angus, Salmon, Turkey Veggie and a sliders option.
You then add your cheese of choice, I went for Gorgonzola.
Next is the veggies, followed by specialty items... god I love green chile, then some sauces and finally your choice of bun.
The buns are made there and are very good.
Did I mention it comes with fries, sweet potato fries or a salad?
I macked my burger with the quicks and then devoured my fries.
I was very satisfied with the food and the potent hoppy beer sealed the deal.
I stumbled out a happy customer.
This place might actually put the spank on Deluxe.
It has so many more options, Kobe and Bison being the sockdolinger.
Also, it's nice not having to get a shopping cart of fries for 6 bucks.
Bottom line: This place is great to gorge out on a high quality burger, then get mashed up on dank beer afterwords.
Me likey.

We stopped off for lunch and had the California Burger and my wife had the build your own burger.
The waitress came over to our table and didn't introduce herself, just asked us what we wanted to drink.
That out of the way, I noticed that all their hamburgers are 1/2 lb.
Pretty good size.
When we got our order, it was served on an oval plate with lots of sweet potato fries....YUM!!
The bun was fresh and the hamburger cooked just right.
My wife could only finish half and when I was done, I was stuffed.
I probably could have gone without dinner that night.
For two burgers and two lemonades, our bill came to $29.16.
Not  a place you drop by that often...but when you do, it's well worth it.

Blu Burger - My favorite new North Scottsdale hangout - pure craft beer heaven!
I've been a longtime user of yelp, constantly checking reviews of restaurants and busineses before taking a chance.
I never thought about writing reviews of my own until I found the new Blu Burger in North Scottsdale.
My fiancé and I have had such an amazing time here I felt compelled to write about it!!!
Our first experience was when it opened, about three months ago.
Based on a previous yelp review, we decided to check it out.
We were told they had a decent selection of beer on tap, and really good burgers.
Being that we live less than five minutes away from the Hayden/Thompson Peak plaza it couldn't hurt.
We were pleasantly surprised!
We found Dead Guy IPA on tap, as well as a couple of Bell's and Deschutes beers.
A decent selection especially for the area.
That night was also the first night we met Justin behind the bar, and were super impressed with his knowledge of craft beer.
My fiance ordered the Blu Burger (carmelized onions, gorgonzola cheese, bacon and a hearty black angus beef patty)!
Yum!
I stole some of his fries and took a bite of his burger - definitely delicious and huge portions.
I had a Caprese Salad - very light and fresh!
We ate, conversed with Justin about his plans to expand his craft beer selection.
We gave him our suggestions, and promised we'd be back.
Fast forward, a month later (an ultra busy month prevented us from returning sooner), and to our pleasant surprise - Justin had upgraded his craft beer selection, just like he said he would.
We couldn't have been happier -  Justin had expanded his Dogfish Head selection - not just your typical 60 or 90 minute IPA, but they had the ULTRA rare beers - Red and White and Black and Blue.
We wished we had been back sooner.
Since then, we've been back on a weekly basis.
And each time, the selection changes and pleasantly surprises us.
For instance, this week he added Dogfish Head Immort Ale and Dogfish Head Burton Baton, as well as local brewery Papago Orange Blossom.
They also added a brew by Lost Abbey.
And that's just the beer!
We've also tried various items on the menu and they've all been amazing - the Portobello Mushroom Burger (a HUGE portabello mushroom cap marinated in balsamic vinaigrette).
A wonderful alternative for vegetarians.
Our friends have tried the Bison Burger and the Salmon Burger and have been very happy with their choices as well.
Burgers range from $9 - $13 per burger and include your choice of a side salad, fries, sweet potato fries (highly recommended) or coleslaw.
Definitely worth it!
They have also started a killer happy hour Monday through Friday from 3 til 6PM - $3 off draft beer, glass of wine, and specialty drinks (they have a full bar).
Ask Justin to make you one of his signature cocktails.
He's a master.
:)  Now the BEST part for us is - there's FINALLY a cool hangout in North Scottsdale (that's only a five minute cab ride away)!
:)  The vibe is unpretentious, relaxed, and everyone who works there is nice.
We feel like it's our new Cheers bar.
I am writing this review to encourage you all to stop in.
You won't be disappointed, and we want to make sure this burger bar stays around for a long time!

If you want a really good tasting burger then this chain is the haps.
Puts burger king have it your way to shame with the multitude of choices you get.
Service wise the Scottsdale location is spot on.
And bonus points for having a really nice craft beer location.

This place USED to be good.
They had 2 other locations, one was on Greenway Hayden and Scottsdale (where Tasti delight is now)  and the other on Jomax up north.
They shut down those 2 and opened up in the old Wrappe n Frappe (which I miss dearly-it was so good!
) in the Fry's center on Hayden/TPP.
It is much, much smaller now and it seems that they have lost their 'quality' and have to come to the conclusion that they are not doing well.
We ordered pick up for 5 different burgers and a salad, and everyone was disappointed with the quality of meat-very dry, flavorless, and they even got an order completely wrong as well.
It tasted nothing like I remembered it to taste like at the other locations, and I was embarrassed, because I was the one who threw out the option of getting food from there.
With all the options of designer burgers now a days, sadly, Blu Burger is crossed of my list.

Wow.
I am not a huge burger eater, but I was very impressed with my meal.
It was as if you went to your neighbors house for a cookout where they had a spread of fixings and you built your own burger of awesomeness.
My burger was perfect.
I got the angus burger on wheat with cheddar, onions, pickles, mayo, ketchup, tomato and lettuce.
I also had the side of sweet potato fries which were also cooked to perfection.
My husband and son also enjoyed their burgers as much as I did.
We will be back.

Excellent craft beer selection here on tap.
In fact, no crap on tap (no BMC).
Same good burgers, fries, zucchini stix, etc.
as the other bluburger places but with better beer.
What's not to like?
Small seating area compared to Glendale location though.

Designer priced burger but lacked the things to back up the price  Decor Ikea or cheaper  Music god awful, had to listen to kings of leon album  food it just wasn't that good, ordered medium rare and it was medium well, bun was waht was raved about and it tasted like cardboard  presentation plate was too small for the order and way crowded  service friendly and good, I am sorry that this person works here, they could do better

So, we decided to venture out a little ways to eat one night.
Ended up here at BluBurger.
We sat down and the waiter looked annoyed right off the bat.
We give him the benefit of the doubt... maybe he was having a long day at work... so we order.
Food comes out.
They mixed up our orders so we sent one back.
My boyfriends burger was RAW in the middle (he asked medium/well) and the bacon was uncooked.
Mine was doused in grease, I took a few bites and felt sick.
In fact, there were 3 of us and within a couple bites of our food we got the check and split.
We should have said something to the manager but we were honestly feeling to ill and rushed home to fight over the bathroom.
(lol, but seriously).We all felt really sick on the 30 min drive home.
The food was low quality, poorly cooked and the service sucked.
It did seem that the waiter was pissed at the cooks, so maybe thats why he was being too cool for school.
Who knows?
Either way, I will never even think about eating here again.
I can go to McDonalds and get a better meal for a 1/3rd of the price.
That says a lot when I would rather eat at a fast food joint right?!
Sorry guys, but our experience there was the worst!

Finally a burger joint that makes good on their promise of a Kobe burger.
I loved the ordering process where you add what you want each step of the way.
My burger came out perfectly done and with the exact toppings I asked for (unlike Lush) The sweet potato fries were crispy and hot.
Service was friendly and not pretentious at all.
To make things even better, they have an amazing selection of micro brews on tap.
Goose Island's Matilda?
Wow!
Definitely going back here.

Wow... all my millions of times being here, and I have never written a review.
Well, I have followed Blu from when it was across from Kierland, to all the way north on Jomax, to now, off of Hayden.
I will say I have been a dedicated fan.
I love burgers; all shapes, kids, meats, etc.
Blu burger is one of my faves.
The staff is always chill and friendly, and the place is very low key.
I love the California Burger, it is amazing.
The buns are always perfectly toasted and they have great fun cocktails that change seasonally.
I am obsessed with sweet potato fries, and theirs are a close second to my favorite.
They also have a great side salad if you are attempting to be healthy with your burger, and the mango dressing is kick ass.
Great food, eat in or even take out.
Keep it up Blu burger.
I will follow you to the ends of the earth.

Awesome sliders and zucchini fries!
I like eating burgers, but I generally hate eating huge burgers that are bigger than my head.
Blu Burger definitely has huge burgers, but I was pleasantly surprised when I saw that there was a slider trio on the menu.
I was able to customize the cheese and toppings, so I didn't think I was missing out on anything by ordering the sliders when my friends were all ordering their custom mega burgers.
I added the zucchini fries to my meal, which the waiter promised to me were delicious.
I was not disappointed.
The zucchini fries were crispy and delicious (btw order a side of ranch dressing for dipping) and the sliders were also pretty good.
I suppose I still consumed a burger the size of my head, but at least it was split up into three smaller portions.

Good beer selection but poor overall experience.
The place stunk of rotten eggs and closed at 8 pm.
The smell was so bad we left after one drink order and ate somewhere else.

