Went to Blues Bar-B-Q with the family for lunch.
When you walk in has a great decor, gives you a feel of the cowboy theme with large cowboy boots in the entrance and all the western pictures hanging up.
The hostess sat us immediately which was nice since we are all starving.
The corn bread muffins and biscuits that were dropped off at our table were cold, hard and drier then the Mojave Desert.
Absolutely the worst bread I have ever tried.
The wait time to receive our meal was terrible, I swear it took 30 minutes from the time we ordered our food till when we received it.
I ordered the veggie burger with fried okra.
By far the worst veggie burger I have ever had.
It was a veggie pad on a generic bun with minimal lettuce and tomatoes that is it.
I must say that the fried okra was really good.
My parents and the pulled pork sandwich which they said was ok, not great but not awful.
My mom got coleslaw as her side which you would think wouldn't be spicy but it looks like their slaw comes with chopped up jalapeños in it.
Overall experience was terrible!
I will definitely not return to the establishment in the future or recommend it to anyone as well.

We LOOOOVE BBQ, and always anxious to find a new place.
Service-wise, this was not a great choice, but the food was pretty tasty.
Service: We waited at the door for a few moments before being greeted and seated -- seems like a new restaurant should always have enough staff to greet every guest entering the building.
As we were brought to our table, there were servers standing along a narrow passage, and they just stood there, partly blocking the way -- as a former server, I was always taught to always give the "right of way" to the guest, and these people were not at all interested in that.
Food selection:  Standard BBQ fare, though the prices were pretty hefty.
The lunch menu looked much more reasonable, though we were there for dinner, so that wasn't an option.
We ended up choosing the "ultimate platter"  -- it was 23.95, but a LARGE amount of food, enough for maybe three people.
My wife and I split this, and there was still some leftover.
It was a combination of several BBQ meats, all very nicely done.
The sauce was sweet, but would prefer the food to be served w/o sauce, so we could add the sauce ourselves.
Biggest half chicken ever.
Ribs were great, brisket very tender.
The cornbread and biscuit were kind of dry.
Ambience:  A bit too stodgy for a BBQ joint -- feels like they're going for upscale, but that doesn't fit my idea of what BBQ should be.
Loved the blues music, though, which obviously goes with the name of the place.
Misc.
:  They had cloth napkins, and no other papertowels readily available -- this is a BBQ joint, not an upscale place, and cloth napkins were a weird choice.
Also, they provided wetnaps, but these were VERY small, even by wetnap standards -- even my small girly guy hands needed three of them to get the sauce off.
Food was about 4.5 stars, value for your money for the platter we got was about 4 stars, though for the rest of the menu, it looked more like 3 stars, service was 2.5 stars (at best).
Overall, a high 3 stars; fix the service, lower the prices, and this would be a solid four star place.

Wow - this place showed so much potential, they even have an open pit.
One would think, upon first impression, that you were about to be treated with some real good BBQ.
But you will soon be disappointed and perhaps even scarred for some time after you sample the offerings at this pathetic excuse for BBQ joint.
You can sum up the whole place with this one little observation - they trim all the fat off their brisket BEFORE they cook it.
Who taught these people how to cook BBQ?

