My shih-tzu Mollie Mae... is a handful at best.
But put her in the loving hands of Jaime at Best Pet Grooming ... and she is an angel.
This man has totally changed the way my dog feels about being groomed.
Mollie had several bad experiences with other groomers earlier on and I worried that perhaps she was just un-groomable due to her being so traumatized and then her bad attitude about being groomed.
HOWEVER-   Jaime with Best Pet Grooming has TOTALLY changed Mollie Mae.
When Mollie hits the door she is excited to see Jaime, I love the way that he talks to pets while grooming- because not only do they look beautiful when he is finished.
But they FEEL beautiful while being groomed.
Today was a great experience this is like the 8th time that Jaime has groomed Mollie, and I was a little late picking up my princess.
Jaime was not upset he did not charge me extra, He waited patiently for me to pick her up.
I told him I was so excited to YELP him, because Mollie is proof positive of a great grooming experience.
His prices are considerably lower than most groomers out there.
He is professional, but also kind and loving towards your furry babies.
I recommend his service to everyone-  and mollie.. well she gives him two paws up!!

I've had my schnauzer for 9 years and this is the best grooming she has ever had.
Jaime is terrific and let me bring in my dog the same day I called.
His fee was less than I've paid past groomers yet the job he did was 100 times better!
We just moved here from So Cal and I am thrilled to have found a great groomer!

Jaime was in a hurry and by himself trying to groom my three shihtzus.
My baby girl ChiChi ended up coming home with all the blood vessels blown out in her eye!
When I calle Jaime to find out what the he$@ happened, he said maybe she pulled a little to hard with the rope around her neck!
Really?
It takes a lot of force around a dogs neck to strangle her so hard her freakin blood vessels popped in her eye!
WOW - BEWARE!!!!
He did pay for the vet bill to have my baby checked out.
She is still tramautized to this day of going to the groomers now.
Needless to say, I can not recommend this guy to anyone.
Take your babies somewhere else!

I took my 2-yr old springer spaniel for a full groom $49.
He's usually nervous when going to the groomer, so he was sitting by me leg, shaking, while I was checking in; for the first time, the guy at the front desk asked me to walk into the grooming room so Kenke will follow me (instead of dragging him in, as many other places do) - I thought that was great.
Four hours later, they called me to pick him up.
He is smelling nice and clean, but I don't like his haircut.
Two hours at home and he is still kind of traumatized, hidding away in his crate and not as playful.
Not sure what happend to him, but don't think I'll come back.

I take my two dogs to Best Pet Grooming - They have done a great job each time and I definitely can recommend them.
I know it is stressful for dogs to be groomed, but I feel that they are cared for while they are there.

Im giving 1star bc there is no option to give 0 If you love your pet.
Take them somewhere else!!
(Check my dogs pix) I took my two Bichon frise to this store yesterday and I asked to cut them short, once I went back to pick them up later that day it was dark and I didn't pay attention to the details, so I payed them and tipped them.
Once I got home I noticed that one of my dog couldn't open his eye so I called them to let them know and complain.so the lady told me to take my puppy to the vet and call them back tomorrow bc they were about to close I went to the vet right the way, and the vet told me that my puppy got a big scratch that caused infection on his right eye that could be from the shaving machine Next day my gf went back to the store to complain and ask for refund for the vet fees but they told her that the dog was perfectly good when left and denied any responsibility and told her that the business owner is traveling overseas and we cannot give you the phone number to contact him.
so I called them back myself and I asked for the owner number but the lady refused to give it to me either so when I called her unprofessional and told her Ill file a lawsuit she hang up the phone on me, once I called back the owner him self answered the phone like magic and the lady was his wife he told me the "f" word three times and said:" fuck you you immigrant, go ahead and sue me, you don't know how to spell the word court, fuck you and fuck you" My girlfriend went back with her sister to ask for the last time to settle and she got the same treatment he told her:" I'm an American ,I got more money than you do and get the fuck out of my business you "f**king immigrant with a gesture of the hand and mouth like (suck my d**k) So for your information you smart business owner, I'm paying you money , and giving you business and you were not only unprofessional at your work but that's also called racism and discrimination .
Button line if you care about your  puppy , please take them somewhere else

