Zinnias at Melrose Furniture and Collectible Mall is a great new place with a lot of really cool vintage and retro furnishings, art and collectibles.
They have everything from an antique Last Rites kit to an Eames chair.
The prices are reasonable and the items are in good to perfect condition.
While you're there, visit the patio/outdoor furnishings upstairs.

There's a part of me that wants to keep this place a secret so that I can keep all the finds to myself, but for the sake of the owner and the fabulous store, I will share it with my fellow Yelpers.
I've been "antiquing" since I was a child, mostly because my Mom loves to antique and so I was the lucky tagalong.
As a child, I was bored out of my mind but when I grew up, I realized the seriously great finds you discover at an antique store.
Fast forward a couple years and lately it seems like the antique stores have taken full advantage of the "vintage" trend and the steep prices reflect the popularity.
It has turned me off of hunting at the antique shops...until I discovered places like Zinnias.
Yelpers, this is a gem.
It's not your typical antique store filled to the ceilings with dusty and dirty knick knacks.
They don't have vintage furniture on sale for $700.
You don't walk in and immediately become overwhelmed and walk out.
Paris Envy told me about Zinnias.
I was on the hunt for a vintage typewriter for my Mom for Mother's Day and they suggested I look at Zinnias.
I walked in hesitant that I would find what I was looking for and especially within my price range.
I entered the store and a wave of happiness hit me, especially when I looked at the quality and the prices.
I've been in many antique stores and this one has it right.
I found a 1950's Remington typewriter for $40.
It's decided that I will be back soon to purchase more finds for my house.
The store was open and fresh and you could browse the items without feeling suffocated.
The items at this store are gems you probably can't find anywhere else.
My new goal is to earn the title as a "regular" at Zinnias.

I found this hidden gem when I was dropping off clothes at Flo's.
I wasn't quite sure what kind of place it was at first -- I figured they sold antiques, but I did know if it would be a treasurer trove of junk or a hidden treasure of great finds.
Luckily it was the latter.
This is by far one of the best antique stores in the valley.
They've got great stuff at great prices.
Many of the other antique stores are cluttered messes of random stuff that you can't imagine paying any money for, or they are upscale, refinished fancy stuff that cost you an arm and a leg.
At Zinnias, however, almost everything is a great piece at a great price.
It's the same setup as most other antique stores -- there are "booths" that people rent to sell their stuff.
The offerings range from modern retro to refurbished and redesigned home decor.
They've got an upstairs area with a lot of great furniture -- I spied a great table, chair and buffet set (a mid-century style) for about $300 and some nice iron patio furniture that would be great for a shabby chic inspired getaway.
I'm definitely a fan of Zinnias and will now and forever place it on my go-to list for antiquing!

-Good selection from different Dealers.
-Small and not overwhelming.
-Friendly cashier guy.
-Plenty of parking in the back.

I absolutely love this place.
I bought so much and such a reasonable price.
As an interior decorator, this is the place to go for any look.
There are tradional styles, young and funky, ecclectic, definately one of a kind.
And the prices?
Almost unbeatable.
It is now a year later and I'm still shopping here.
I LOVE it, it continues to amaze me at how cool their stuff is.

Love this place!!!
The individual booths are creatively displayed and prices are reasonable.
What an interesting array of decor, collectibles,etc.
Also love the music and friendly staff.

My husband and I checked this out last weekend after I saw several great reviews.
We were not disappointed and I can't wait to return on a regular basis.
I found tons of fun and funky treasures I would have loved to take home, but held back and left with just one item..a cool, old metallic typewriter table.
It is an eclectic piece that looks striking in our modern, minimalistic family room.
We will be back soon to take another look at all the furniture on the top floor as well.
The employees/owners were laid back and extremely friendly.
I heart Zinnias.

I was not impressed.
If your looking for 50's style stuff that is a bit overpriced this is the place for you.
Personally I like older antiques then that.
The people inside weren't very friendly either.

Awesome!
If you need anything for your place, check here first.
They have excellent items, of all prices, styles and genres.
Personally I love one of the little rooms at the back which is full of super bright painted furniture and pictures.
Funky and mod is always enjoyable!
There are always new things being brought in and out, so come back regularly to find the best deals!

Walked around their large selection for an hour.
It was fun for the kitsch value of the experience, but we didn't find a single thing that we actually liked enough to buy.
The prices were also about 25% higher than they should have been.

My wife and I are in this place about once a week.
We both work in the theatre so we are constantly looking for props, set dressing, and costume pieces.
We shop a lot of vintage stores, and I am surprised at the reviews below that say things are overpriced.
While there are definitely some over priced items, by and large they are far more reasonable than anywhere else in the Phoenix area.
Their keep fresh items coming in each week and never stop surprising.
You can't really know a vintage shop well until you have been there over several months.
We've never had a bad experience with service.

I had driven by this place several times but never knew what it was about.
It is a vintage/antique mall that we had to walk through to get to Antique Sugar.
I gotta say, I got a a little thrill to have to walk through because I just love being among all of that stuff.
You just never know what treasures you will encounter.
There is furniture, toys, jewelry, books, art, etc, etc.
I walked around a little bit but not too long because I had my 4 year old with me.
But I can definitely see random trips here just to wander around and am sure I will be rating it higher then.

This place is a gold mine.
The furniture is so funky and CHEAP.
Like, as cheap as you will ever find furniture that is not covered in termites.
I had my eye on a $200 armoire that was bright orange, a $115 hot pink vanity, a $15 ottoman, some super funky chandeliers... the list goes on!
It's amazing how a coat of paint can make something so cool.
There's a lot of junk in the endless aisles of antiques, but, at some point, you'll find junk you love!

On our monthly visits to our son up in Phoenix we always like to find fun things to explore that are a little bit funky.
We certainly came across the right place for this.
Spent a good 2 hours enjoying all the stylish, "out of the box" fun stuff.
That's what it is.
Just STUFF coming out of the woodworks.
The prices are so reasonable.
That makes this place even more of a Ganga.
From vintage clothing to every possible item you can image.
I surely will go back to see if I can find that special something I can't live without.
I've been trying to live a more minimalist life but it's so much fun to see what really hits your fancy.

The exterior of the Zinnias doesn't do the shop justice, cause inside is one beautiful disaster.
One moment you're in a 60's ice cream parlor and the next step inside a GI WW2 bunker.
Prices wildly vary, so there are some definite over priced items, and even fewer gems.
This place is the Ideal place to get lost in for an hour or two.
Be warned those, this place is not for everyone.
IF you love clean straight edge lines, this place will be a night mare.
The posted pictures give a good feel for the place.
If you're the kind of peep who likes to rummage and visit street fairs, this place will dazzle you with its clutter.
Its not stated explicitly, but the shop is a random assortment of goods because it's a showcase for 40 artist.
As the owner stated "each little block has its own personality," and is in almost in constant flux because each block only last a few days, so check the front board for 50% off signs.
Everything is for sale, so make sure to peruse all the carousels and shelves.
So if you're claustrophobic and OCD, stay away for your own safety.
For the vintage collector and white wall decorator, make a stop by.

I am a photographer... and I like props... you can see some of my work on my profile.
Why do I throw that out there... because everyone has their go to place when they are trying to find something unique... this is my place.
I have found some of the coolest off beat items here that I have incorporated into shoots and wardrobe for shoots.
The staff is great!
Antique stores are typically a little messy in my opinion, Zinnias has found a balance between variety and presentation that does not overwhelm or detract me.
I really enjoy popping in for a few minutes and I often walk out with something.

Quirky, unique, retro, odd.
Whatever you're looking for you just MIGHT find it here!
Amazing amount of stuff.
Very large selection of second hand, vintage items from a lot of different vendors.
The fact that there are so many eclectic vendors makes it fun in my opinion!
I saw a pair of Demonia boots for $29!
If ONLY they were the right size!
My daughter is intrigued by the really creepy dolls scattered around (not my cuppa) but it takes all types, right?
I have found so many neat little things here from a retro stainless breadbox to glassware, tin boxes and all things cool.
There are some really lovely deco clothing  armoires, jewelry and accessories that we just find ourselves coming back again and again.
Usually the pricing is spot on!
The ONLY major downer is that it is extremely HOT here as there is no A/C.
Yeah, THAT hot!
So go on a cooler day and search to your heart's content!

Lamps, chairs, cowboy hats, tea cups, guitars, and anything your heart and desire is at Zinnias.
When I was in the process of redecorating my living room last year, I was searching every consignment shop and antique shop in central Phoenix.
The second I walked into Zinnias, I knew I had hit the jackpot.
Every square foot of that place is filled with something awesome.
After spending nearly an hour in ther, I decided on a table.
It saddened me I had to leave but thankful that I live roughly 3 minutes away.
I have since been back thousands and thousands of times (actually about 20) and find it very hard to leave without something new in my hands.
I HIGHLY reccomend everyone go here.

Before I moved cross country from Phoenix to Charleston, Zinnia's was my first thought when it came to buying vintage furniture before my move.
My living room has a vintage couch, two vintage chairs, coffee table, stands  and tall lamps all from 60's and 70's.
I love them!!
I miss phoenix, I miss shopping at Zinnia's on Saturday mornings.

Great selection of interesting finds and reasonalby priced.
You have to do a few laps around the store totake is all in.
I'v'e brought numerous friends in and now they are hooked.
Staff is really friendly and very helpful.
Tami

GREAT hodge podge of antiques...everywhere you look in here, there's a new treasure to behold!
Lots of interesting and unique booths so there's something for everyone.
Love this place!!

Lots of great finds here!
Everything is reasonably priced too.
The store has a collection of items from different vendors so there is a wide range of items.
You will probably go in there looking for one thing and come out with another!

Cool store!
One of the coolest antique/ fun stuff for your house stores I have ever been to.
Picked up some mod lamps at a bargain price as well as some sweet furniture.
If you are looking for unique retro/vintage items for your house definitely check it out!

SUPER SUPER disappointed !
I drove over 30 minutes yesterday to get there only to find they closed 10 minutes early, i showed a guy named Keith my I phone that read 5:50 and all he could say was he goes by their clock.
This guy Keith has been rude to me in the past but I keep going back because I love the great stuff there, In fact I have to go back today :( to get what I wanted yesterday.
Keith told me the owners name was Michael, but I can't seem to find him or his email address.

Great prices on unique antiques!
Quite a large selection, 2 floors worth of vintage, retro, antiquities!
Prices were great, its easy to spend a while here making sure you didnt miss anything.
I'll def have to come back and look for new hidden treasures!

I've spent many hours in this place looking at all of the cool things - I'm moving into my new pad soon, and  this place has been a big contributor to my new furnishings - I have so much fun looking through all of the booths - def giving me the inspiration I need - If you find something you like - you better get it that day, because things don't stick around long -trust me - I learned that the hard way :) I make weekly trips to this  place -  Everyone working there is extremely nice & helpful -  I will post pics of my purchases later

Zinnias is another great thrift/antique shop on Melrose.
The prices are on point with your average thrift store, but the finds here are definitely not average.
With TONS of beautiful pieces, you could get lost in here for hours.
Tons of furniture, art, lamps, furniture, etc.
What's not to love?
Overall, give Zinnias a shot if you love to thrift shop.
You won't be disappointed.

HOT- no air so maybe I didn't stay and look as long I would have.
But I found their prices a little expensive for items I was looking for.
Or maybe it was just the sweat in my eyes...

This used to be a eclectic affordable paradise but since new owner I've watched prices sky rocket.
Meh.

