Rather than going to a gun range and shooting automatic weapons in Nevada (since you can't do that in CA), we chose to take a daytime bachelor party activity to Combat Zone Paintball.
We thought this place was going to be on the Strip given it's on Las Vegas Blvd but it's actually about 15 minutes away.
This was my first time ever paintballing.
I'm not really a gun/shooting/violent person so I never really get into these things very much, but I had a ton of fun and you do get a good adrenaline rush when you're on the field, crouched down in a bunker taking heavy paint and firing back.
I was happy that getting shot by a paintball travelling 200 mph didn't hurt too much even though I was left with some pretty decent welts.
If you come here in a large group, I highly recommend playing capture the flag.
The staff was super nice, and friendly.
They seemed very grateful and excited that we chose to go there.
The other amusement about this place is being exposed to the culture of paintball.
Some guys who were there were ridiculously obsessed with paintball.
We are talking full camo suits, decked out like rambo and wired with two-way radios.
I think it's safe to assume these guys paintball all day and play Call of Duty all night.
It might be surprising to some but these guys were all actually super nice and wanted to paintball with us until the sun went down.
Last point.
Paintball can be pretty exhausting.
Real Talk.

Lil Man and I just got back from a birthday party @ Combat Zone Paintball.
It is located on Las Vegas Blvd just south of the M Resort shortly passed the RV lot.
The party started @ 12 pm (island time).
I sat on the side to watch the kids go at it.
My son had so much fun and it looked like so much fun, that we are planning on going back for a second round and plan on taking our cousins and some friends back there.
It was my son's first time ever to paintball, yet he had so much fun that he did not want to leave.
He likes military stuff and video games.
I went paint balling a few years ago, but now I definitely want to go.
It will be a great time for us to bond!
I would definitely recommend this place for anyone to have fun.

I purchased a groupon prior to my trip - it was a fantastic deal, $30 for 500 paintballs, and all the necessary gear / admission fees paid.
We rolled up on a saturday morning and it was a pretty busy spot, the owner was working the counter was super friendly and even attempted some Canadian humour when I told him I was from Vancouver - solid.
This place had 4 different playing fields with a lot of variety which was pretty fantastic.
We basically played against a bunch of 12 year old kids and some adults and it was pretty competitive.
Overall, this was a very worthwhile experience.

I had my son's bday party here.
He said it was the best birthday ever so I think that speaks for itself as it is extremely difficult to make a 17 yr old and all his friends happy.
I defiantly won some brownie points here.
The only bad thing is it gets kind of pricey ( well worth it though) Oh and I wish they had some sort of awning for the picnic areas.
Other than that it's great!
Super helpful staff and great 'fun'!
Oh they also let u bring in your own food and ice chests if u want!!
Obviously u can't bring in booze.

Great place for paintball!
They have 4 fields (1 was currently being renovated).
2 paintball and 1 giant speedball field.
Plenty of picnic tables and awnings which was appreciated in the early afternoon as it was starting to get hot.
The owner at the counter is extremely friendly and will try to accommodate you as best as possible.
Just beware that weekends it gets very busy to give them a call first to make sure they have rental equipment available.
Rental equipment was very clean and not smelly.
If you are a girl, they also give you the body armor, which is a very nice touch.
Keep an eye out for the $30 groupon deals, or if you are a local, it's $30 for half a day with all equipment, plus $15 for 500 balls.

Staff was really nice.
You can start a game whenever you want.
Courses were pretty good also.
Have to admit, it was the best paintball I've ever played.
12 Kills, only 1 Death.

This was my first time playing paintball.
We came here to celebrate my fella and another friend's birthday.
We all decided to come here because we saw the Groupon deal a few months back and our friends had been here before and raved about the experience.
We arrived around 9am, thinking it would be best to come early to avoid the hottest part of the day.
Service was friendly and informative.
As a first-timer, I was quite nervous and they put all my fears at ease.
Instructions were clear and they had us up and playing in no time.
All the equipment was well-prepared and well-maintained as far as I could tell.
Each of the courses were great fun.
Obviously August isn't the best time of year for outdoor activities in Vegas, but we still had a great time and were able to avoid getting too overheated.
We all left with a few bruises and muscle aches, but we all had a great time.
I highly recommend this place for birthday parties or outings with friends.

We came here the other day to celebrate both my birthday and another friend of mine.
One of our friends gifted the Groupon.
It was pretty hot, but if you come early enough it isn't too bad and you can get quite a few rounds in before you feel like you're about to pass out.
This is a good thing to do to help you realize just how out of shape you really are, but it was fun.

The fields are ok.
This is more of a place for first timers.Not a place for individuals that are very into the sport and take the challenge of the sport seriously.
If speed ball is your game this is not for you  there one speed ball field that was just about completely deflated and sitting on rocks.
The staff is friendly but they do a poor job at managing the games .
it's hard to think too positive with the way they leave the conditions of the fields and I would categorize it over priced based on that and lack of staff involvement.
Im end -good for first timers or beginning players that like woods ball.
But experienced players you might not enjoy it at all

My son went for a b day party for his friend.
He was so happy and had such a great time.
Staff was friendly and very helpful

Good place to go play and burn energy but they need to get speed ball open again.
Referees have gotten really lazy lately not wanting to ref a game.
On the plus side they were able to fix gun free of charge and cleaned it out.
I would go Lots more often of they fixed up there fields and got some better bunkers.
Really focus on the fields and there refs and this place will be 5 stars.

3.0 Stars  Location Overview: This location is in the middle of nowhere which is good so that it protects against any damages to on going pedestrians or cars, etc.
It is an out-door paintball field.
A place that is small with 3 fields (building their 4th) is actually not crowded.
It is off the road of St Rose Pkwy by the M Resort.
Be careful not to pass it, it is tucked away.
Customer Service: So this is the main reason why I did not give Combat Zone 5.0 Stars.
I have been here 5x and every time I have come in the younger staff has always been a little on the rude side.
Their demeanor is just blehh and careless.
There is an older gentlemen that owns the place who is absolutely about customer service and making sure things are good.
*****However, after my last visit I feel that I may not be going back.
As we were      leaving (in the parking lot) I heard a ringing noise and my boyfriend turned around and saw that my truck had been hit by 2 paintballs.
I was not upset but I did walk back into the front store and told them what happened.
Again like the careless kids that these employees are... the guy put his hands in the air and shrugged.
he said "Well, i can't do much to help you".
He couldn't come to look at my truck, give me paper towels, give me a big F U... nothing.
So I left and that was the last time that I returned to Combat Zone.
Customer Service Cont.
: Referees are okay.
They take their time getting to the field but they make sure for the most part that no one is cheating.
Quantity/Quality: Quantity as far as fields is pretty good.
It is a small place with three fields (4th being built).
However, being that it is mostly hard rock and dirt its a little uncomfortable.
Quality as far as equipment for some reason the paintball markers run out of air fairly quickly.
I have had a couple of rentals jam up because of paintballs that have popped inside.
It is good to get seasonal passes or Christmas tickets because they have awesome deals.
For a full equipment, gear and paint expect to pay around $150.
Quite pricey but if you have your own gear and equipment then you should only have to pay for in-house paint.
Side Notes: Expect to pay around $150-$200 for equipment, gear, paint, and other necessities per PERSON.

I took my fiancé to Las Vegas for his birthday and planned an adult's world wind of activities.
My goal was to have a new activity in which neither of us had done before,   everyday something new and not typical of our previous experience.
I only told him the dates of our travel and that I would handle everything.
To help with the suspense I only provided 3 clues to guess what we were doing.
On day 1 of the itinerary I came out in a ponytail, hat, and a camflouge jacket with cargo pants.
I'm a girly-girl so he had absolutely no idea what we were about to embark on.
As we drove to the destination he was getting antsy, guessing everything from bull riding, mountain climbing to a private plane ride.
I was elated that he couldn't guess.
Once we arrive the building was nondescript and out in the middle of the desert so the suspense ensued.
I told him we were going to do a survival bootcamp, when he walked in and saw the guns he was like "hell no, lets go"   I said why I thought you'd be down for paintball.
He loved the surprise; initially we were the only people on the course so the game would plateau at points, but shortly after starting another group of 4 had arrive.
They asked if we cared to join them in a few games, and the war was waged 3 on 3 tournament began.
We had an amazing time and meet a great group of people.
I was a cold assassin, the other team couldn't believe it was my first time.
I must admit I did amazing!
it was a combination of adrenalin pumping from  running wild and having fun and the constants fear of being shot.
When we were playing solo my fiancé got a clean hit on my temple.
I was ready to quit but I calmed down tended to my wond got back out there lumpy head and all.
During the intermission I showed them my war wound and said I was ready to quite, Mark from the opposing team said if I quit it would be like Jordan quitting after missing his first shot.
This is an amazing course , several fields with great area to explore.
Everyone had a blast, pun intended.
Covered in dirt, paint and all I loved it and cant wait to try it with friends back home.
Thanks  Combat Zone for an amazing experience.

First time playing, a group of us went and had a blast!
It was great for first time players.
Staff was helpful, rental equipment was good and the refs were eager to help out.
Only negative is their store had sold out of a lot of their product and being a first timer I was lacking gear.
It was painful...

Took my boyfriend and his friends for the first time for paintball and they all had a blast!
This location had few different zones that was all fun!
We would so go back!

ZOMBIES!!!!!
OMG this place is so freakin awesome!
We went in last night with a group of 10 for the Zombie Apocalypse Experience.
It was everything we wanted and more!
It's $25 for locals, they give you all the gear and you have a "guide" with you and run and shoot your way through zombies from safe house to safe house.
The zombies are super zombies that don't die so even if you shoot them, you better keep running because they will not stop coming after you lol.
Our guides were really fun, never breaking character and actually pretty funny when explaining how to use the guns to us n00bs.
They have a stray zombie that walks around inside and outside scaring the hell out of everyone.
And after you're done killing zombies you're allowed to take pix with some awesome guns and the zombie girl.
The guns aren't super high powered so you're not hurting them (I was pretty worried about friendly fire lol).
My only complaint would be not enough zombies, there's like max 4 on the course between each safe house.
Perfect for my first time though lol.
Overall this place is fantastic, we will most definitely be back to kill more zombies.

Went for the Zombie shooting thing with my buds and I was really pumped for it.
The workers do a really good job of making you feel like you're in a first person shooter which got me pumped.
There are 4 sections and you get 15 round for each section.
I suggest taking your time and really utilizing your 15 rounds for each section because me and my friends didn't and it went by really fast.
The zombies won't come up to you and hurt you but they do keep up with your pace if you run fast they kinda run fast if you run slow they run slow.
Over all it was really fun i did feel like there was a lack of zombies in each section which was a bit of a let down.
But when I did find any zombies it was cool trying to shoot them all.

My kiddo was zombie bait and she loved every minute of it.
It can be hard to find entertainment for teenagers.
The zombie apocalypse experience does an awesome job.
We bought a Groupon for 4 and went on a Friday night.
The retail area has well priced T-shirt's and other paintball gear.
They manage to keep waiting patrons entertained with zombies waking around outside.
The course was short, less than 10 minutes.
I would recommend finding a way for lengthen the end experience, even at a high her cost.
After killing or being killed, I think erect is a photo area and staff enthusiastic about taking pics with visitors.
Definitely not a bad time

