My wife and i finally decided to buy a house.
We searched for almost 4 months and had Dave inspect 3 houses for us.
He was fast, professional and completely honest about the houses.
We found one house we fell in love with in Mesa and had Dave come out to take a look.
After his inspections, we had changed our minds.
He pointed out stuff we had completely missed and made sure to point out stuff that wasn't a problem atm but could be in the future.
Another house we looked at was in much better shape except for a problem we spotted with the roof.
Before Dave came out, we had a roofer come by to give an estimate on what it would cost to fix.
That estimate was $6500!
Dave came out and looked at the property, including the roof.
Although he isn't a roofer, he determined the amount of work needed was negligible and could not find any of the damage that roofer had said was there.
We ended up not buying the house due to reasons other than what Dave found.
The house we finally bought was brand new and didn't need an inspection but we sure were glad to have Dave's advice to stop us from making a mistake.

We are currently in the process of purchasing a foreclosed home and had Dave inspect the property for us.
I couldn't believe his attention to detail and the final detailed report that he gave us to keep.
Furthermore Dave was 100% honest and didn't sugar coat anything.
If you are looking for an A+ home inspector Dave is your guy!!!

I've done work with Dave at Pillar to Post fmgr the past couple of years, and seeing the way he focuses in on the project at hand and gets the job done, I would also recommend any of my friends and family to him!
Dave is really personable, as well as holding the correct licenses for the scope of work, and provides each homeowner with his checklist ON the jobsite, and maintains a professional attitude both on and off the jobsite.

Dave Capshaw with Pillar to Post is an exceptional home inspector who is also qualified to do mold inspections.
He is well versed, honest and gives you the whole story on any home he inspects.

