Any time a new place opens up in San Tan Valley I am curious.
So when I saw the new take-N Bake pizza place I gave it a try.
The pizza is better than frozen and better than Domino's (yes even the new Domino's pizza) and pizza hut - but not much better.
This may sound odd, but I was turned off by the lack of decorations and starkness of the store.
I know it is a take out place and shouldn't matter, but spending $50 on a poster or two wouldn't hurt.
It looks like it was done very much on the cheap.
The ingredients were all very fresh (the main reason it is better than frozen).
The prize was a bit more expensive than I was thinking but still not unreasonable.
It was approaching prices you find in regular pizza prices.
The service was very friendly  - but a bit slow.
I think this may speed up when the people making the pizza get settled in.
Overall the place was ok.  Pizza was good but not great, price was ok but not cheap and the inside of the store needs a lot of work.
Worth trying - I would love to hear other opinions as this is a new place!

First  - Welcome to the area.
Any time a new business takes a chance to open in this remote area, it is always a risk.
If you don't like Take N Bake pizza, this place is not for you!!!!
Although nothing ever replaces the traditional pizza parlor, this offers the San Tan Valley residents another alternative to the already limited choices.
Take N Bake is always better than delivery!!
You get it fresh out of the oven.
And any pizza hot out of the oven is always better!!!
The menu offers limited choices.
Although you can always Build Your Own off the menu.
The only comparision is Papa Murphys.
Yes, they still have some work to compete with Papa Murphys.
They need to expand their menu.
And their pricing needs to be reviewed.
But given the alternatives in this area, you are always going to pay a little more.
Otherwise, drive 15 miles back to Apache Junction to Papa Murphys.
Last night was our first night.
The family run staff were very friendly.
I was even impressed with the young man (obviously the owners son) running the register.
The pizza was as expected.
I was a little disappointed in the crust, but otherwise it was a very fresh taste.
A nice and convenient alternative for a Friday night.
Yes the place is a little dull in decorations.
But this is a Take N Bake store.
You aren't expected to spend much time there.
The key for Take N Bake...
Call ahead of time.
Order in advance so that it is ready when you walk in the door.
Then you don't have to spend too much time there anyway...  By the way, they also offer small personal size lunch pizza cooked on-site during lunch hours.
And maybe the most impressive, they offer Sunday hours.
One of the only establishments that is open on Sunday in this area.
I can't wait for football season to start again.
Try it, you will like it.
Otherwise, keeping waiting an hour for delivery...
Remember, always support your local businesses.
We have so few options in the area.
Let's help those that have taken the risk to open a new business.

Second time through...  Family coming into town on a Friday night.
Perfect idea for incoming travelers.
Make some Take & Bake Pizza and sit on the patio with your beverage of choice.
Pizza and Beer for me...
The pizza's were very good.
Out of town family rated it very good.
Loved the Mama's Special.
Chicken and white garlic sauce.
Also had the meat pizze with mushrooms and black olives.
I still have the same complaint as before.
this is a little pricey for Take & Bake Pizza.
$30.00 for a couple of pizzas is a little high.
I know that this is a rural area.
And I know you will pay a little more...
But now I am starting to notice that the ingredients are a little skimpy Does the phrase "Where the Beef" bring any memories back??
If they want to compete and stay in business, they need to review prices.
And make sure the pizza is stuffed with ingredients...
Otherwise, I am driving my butt up the road a little further to Papa Murphys where I can get more for less!!
Keeping trying Eddie Maroni's.
I want you to survive.
I want a local place just around the corner where I can get a pizza on a whim...
But you are going to have to do better!!!

Third time through...
Still happy with pizza.
I like that this place is local and available on short notice.
I am liking the Mama's Special the best..  My complaint remains the same.
Take & Bake should not cost $18.00!!!
I'm sorry, but in this day an age, regardless of location, the cost needs to be worth the product.
I don't care about the decorations either.
And I agree that they are very nice and provide very good service.
And it is very quick, especially if yoiu already have their number in your phone and call ahead.
But if I am paying $18.00 for a large pizza, it needs to be overflowing with ingredients!!!
I will continue to give them my business.
The pizza is definately better than the chains.
It is nice to have local place I can get a pizza on a minute notice.
And maybe it is good enough that I will pay the price instead of driving up to AJ and Papa Murphys.
But if I know I want pizza and I am already coming from town, I will likely swing by Papa Murphys for a better product, with more ingredients and better price.
If they want me to go to consider their place over the other all the time, improvements are still needed!

Really tastey pizza from nice folks although pricey for take & bake

My son and I came her for the lunch buffet.
I liked that they had fries and onion rings but how about some fresh fruit?
The pizza was good.
I would probably come here again if the fam was wanting a pizza buffet but it isn't one of my favorites.

saw teh coupon on back of frys rec't for free 12", so we call to order it, the girl who put me on hold twice says "oh u have to buy something with that" well it DOESNT say that on the coupon!
we call back later to order, my mom orders a large with 3 toppings, on their stark website it says $15, nowhere does it say $1.10 per topping!?
they give us a total of $20 for a $15 pizza for pickup?
we have to call back to figure out why, then we go to pick it up.. they've moved?!
in business 3 mos.
and youve moved already?
so mom calls, the girl says we have delivery & the pizza just got done, ok we change to delivery, call 15 min later to see where it is, they say "just came out of oven"?!??!
we said NEVERMIND!
they still show up at our house, scroungy lady in expedition dressed like a bum gets in argument w/my wife threatens to call cops HAHA we will never deal with this place again, what a joke!

We went here twice.
The first time we somewhat enjoyed the pizza, but got sick the next day.
We hoped it was coincidence and tried them again a few weeks later.
We ordered delivery.
They said 15 min (they are about 5 minutes away from us).
We were busy doing stuff and realized pizza never showed...
So an hour and a half later my hubby went up there to see what was up... Oh, because NOBODY would answer the phone.
The "owners wife" was delivering that day and couldn't find our street, so she said she drove the pizza around town for an hour and finally came back to the store.
Why didn't they call us???
That is a very good question.
We wanted to know as well.
They gave my hubby a cold pizza and still charged him full price!
He thought they made a new one, or at least kept it warm, but no!
It was awful!

Eddie Maronis Pizzeria is a great place to get a good pizza, I don't know what the issues are with some of those writing reviews they did have a free coupon for a 12' pizza but come on it was free and when I was in for dinner people were coming and trying to get two of three free pizza and when the staff gave the details it was interesting that each time the people would get upset because they didn't get what they wanted, Our Pizza was great and I would say to anyone Eddie Maronis is the place to get a pizza that is tasty and priced right.
Also I had their cheesy bread not bread sticks and it was the best... so sounds like their are some that abuse the review system on yelp and I hope they will come to understand that just because you tried to get something for free and it didn't work your way should not give you a reason to hurt a great place for food.

