David Piper took me there once.
It was yummy.
Must go again.

This is my favourite place in Edinburgh.
If I could give it 5 stars + I would!
It's a really gem tucked away on the busy noisy street of South Clerk Street and you feel like you have stepped inside another world/time and the busy outside is lost!
With only about 4 tables, offering over 250 varieties of loose tea, this little shop also is an antique shop so it's like sitting in a treasure trove or your grandmother's house, with classical music playing in the background and delicious proper teacups and pots of tea.
They also offer scones, chocolates and various tarts (be warned the lemon tart disappears fast!).
Other than this, the owners are the sweetest loveliest people, and strive to make this little place a haven for the end of the week.
That's the other thing, this place is only open on Friday to Sunday and if there are more than two I would strongly recommend you book a table at prime tea times(4-7) or late mornings.
Also, sadly, there is no toilet in here, which can be quite inconvenient for a tea drinker.
However, fear not!
The pub across the street is used to Anteaques customers bustling in for the loo so that's that sorted.
Back to Anteaques, if you are stuck on what tea to get take a look at their seasonal selection, or try narrowing down to variety of tea (black, herbal, white or infusion).
Personally a standard favourite in Vanilla Chai, however, strawberry, cherry almond, orange pistachio and roibois are also excellent.
Tea though is a matter of taste right?
The owners of course know a lot about tea, and you are welcome to smell their samples they have in order to help you choose.
Another added star goes to the price, only 2.50 for a large pot of tea which holds about 6 cups.
You don't get quality tea like that for that price and quantity anywhere else in the city as far as I am aware of.
(you would be lucky with a tea bag in a mug!).
So come to Anteaques for a unique tea experience!

Although I would much rather drink coffee than tea, I would much rather come to this cozy, unique  and charming tea shop any day of the week over chain coffee houses.
A tiny tea room that can fit maybe 10 people in at most, with an attached antique shop - but its huge selection of exotic teas keeps me coming back to try something new each time.
The atmosphere is good, feeling genuinly like you have stepped back in time to a much more civilised era.
A lot of people would just walk past Anteaques, but implore you not too - its far too great.

Anteaques is a place that I've only recently discovered in Newington, and I'm surprised I hadn't heard about it before.
It's an antique shop / tea room situated on Clerk Street, and is only open Friday to Sunday.
Stepping inside is like entering a Victorian novel.
Seats are surrounded by antiques of all different sorts.
The owners were dressed very smartly, and tea was served in china cups, with scones on a silver (?
) cake rack.
It suddenly made me feel very English.
The atmosphere could have only been improved by the presence of a roaring fire - it did feel like being at someone's house and having a cup of tea!
Moving on to the tea itself - I sampled a cup of Blue Lady, which was just one of the seemingly endless list of varieties on offer here.
It had a real depth of flavour, and was very tasty.
You could spend many days coming back here, sampling all of the different types.
If you're coming as part of a group, it may be worth phoning ahead to check if there is going to be a table available, as there are only a few tables, and so it will tend to fill up quickly.
Anteaques is a real gem - properly good tea and scones in the centre of the hustle and bustle of Newington.
As Jonathan said in one of the earlier reviews, I would pick this place over Starbucks easily.

Assam  Ceylon Darjeeling English Breakfast Earl Gray Blue Lady Jasmine Almond Grapefruit Raspberry Redcurrant Rose Petal Lemon Verbena Orange Pistachio Rooibos Cherry Almond Chocolate Cherry Christmas Orange Hazlenut Lapsang Souchong Orange Blossom Oolong White Pomegranate Violet Petal Tea & Russian Caravan  With over 250 varieties of loose tea on offer, Anteaques is clearly Edinburgh's most distinctive tea shop and cafe.
The problem is, I didn't really enjoy hanging out there.
I found the layout and style a bit too chintzy and old fashioned whilst the intimate atmosphere made it impossible to sit and enjoy a cuppa without overhearing other customers' conversations.
To top it off, when they made an orange pistachio rooibos for someone I had a flash back of a particularly nasty hang-over in New York many moons ago.
The words, several pots of orange pistachio roobios followed by several vodka cocktails, no food and a slam poetry night should give you an idea of the disaster that lay ahead!

I do like a good cuppa, and whilst my affection for antiques is limited, I quite like the quirky nature of this place.
Imagine stepping back into a Dicken's novel, that probably gives you the best idea of what the interior of the shop is like.
Surrounded by curiosities you are served tea in real china tea cups and scones from silver cake racks, I felt pretty posh to be honest.
The people who work there all add to the feeling of antiquity, as they are dressed in pretty old school clothes.
They are really friendly as well, and always have a bit of a chat to you.
The fact there are only about 4 tables as well means there is a nice intimate atmosphere, but the lack of a toilet can prove irritating as you have to nip across the road all the time to the pub.
The selection of teas is frankly astounding.
They have over 250 types of loose tea, many of which I had never heard of.
There are all the classics - Darjeeling, Ceylon, Assam etc and also loads of herbal and fruit teas, including quite a few berry ones, which are really refreshing.
At only about £2.50 for a pot (6 cups) the value is amazing as well.
Don't be a mug, come along for a cuppa at the most original tea room in town

This is one of the cutest places I have ever seen.
It is very tiny so I don't understand how they stay in business, but it clearly is a labor of love.
I enjoyed sipping my tea in a strange and wondrous little antique shop.
The tea selection was vast and exciting.
The selection of pastries and such is very limited, but my scone was wonderful and I assume they just can't have too large of a food menu in such a small place as it would go bad.
The staff are sweet.
It was a great experience.

This place was my favorite of all tea shops while studying abroad in Edinburgh!
The atmosphere is really cozy and feels like you've suddenly been transported to some grandmother's home since there's antiques everywhere around you.
I'm pretty sure even the spoons they give you are antiques.
The tea itself is quite good - I advise splitting one pot between two people.
My friend and I made the mistake of each getting our own so by the end of it we were veryyyy stuffed.
I also got the Green Tea Savarin to go with it.
It was delicious.

If you want a traditional British afternoon tea, complete with tinkling China, steaming pots, tiered cake stands laden with Dundee cake, chocolate truffles and currant-studded scones, polite waiters, ornate spoons and knives you've probably never seen before (not butter, more like scone knives?
Do they exist?
Well they do in Anteaques), with an old-world feel where surely a corset and bustle wouldn't be out of place, then Anteaques should be your first port of call.
Don't bring a big bag.
I did.
There are lots of rare, unusual antiques scattered about the small store.
There were collections of tea sets strewn around, behind and beside, our table so that you couldn't tell what was used crockey and what was on display.
The waiter was dressed in a waistcoat and seemed to take his job very seriously, and with pride.
He also took our order in a large notebook, rather than a pad and pen.
That notebook must have the order of 100 previous customers before.
Playing on the pun, they have many types of tea here.
So many I didn't know where to start.
I was intrigued by the Assam Margarita, but my afternoon tea partner and I choose to share a traditional Earl Grey.
It was the perfect accompaniment to "the scone".
I've never seen a scone like it.
Honestly.
It was heavy and dense and much more moist, with sugar crusted on top, and properly glazed with egg white and thick with currants.
It came with real clotted cream and jam (with a choice of lavender jelly too).
The scone looked smaller than some you might find, but it was so heavy and filling and delicious it shows you definitely shouldn't judge a book by its cover, or a scone by its, er, girth?
This was a real treat for a Saturday afternoon, and definitely distinct and memorable compared to any other tea shop, café, bakery or coffee shop I've been to in Edinburgh, or actually anywhere else (bar the Russian Tea Rooms in New York).
A scone and cup of tea like this you won't find anywhere else.

This place is like the tardis.
From the outside, it is small, unassuming, and easily missed.
Rumor has it that even the neighbouring shop doesn't know about this place's existence.
Enter, and you will be thrown back in time, to a period where men wear waistcoats, the three penny bicycle is still cutting edge, and tea is made properly.
Usually I am not a fan of antiques, I find them creepy, ostentatious and over the top.
Here, the antiques are used in a very tasteful manner and one feels really comfortable sipping tea here.
Some of the antiques are for sale, so it's also a tangible reality, that of  imagining them in your own.
The cake menu is very traditional, expect scones, fruit cake, and various other British tea time classics.
The tea menu on the other hand is extensive, my boyfriend and I spent around 20 minutes just reading the tea menu and discussing which one to get.
We eventually went for genmaicha, as I adore it when it's done properly: green tea with brown rice, makes for a less bitter tea.
We both ordered scones, I ordered one with sultanas whereas my boyfriend opted for plain.
We were offered a choice from 3 jams: apricot, strawberry and raspberry.
We both opted for the latter.
The tea arrived in a big pot, which comfortably provided 3-4 cups of tea each!
This was surprising, considering that the entire pot only cost around £2.20.
The scones arrived on a three tier cake stand, alongside the jam and clotted cream.
My scone had a delicious brown sugar topping, which probably made it the best scone I have eaten in Edinburgh.
Surprising, given that they only cost £1.20 each!
The cutlery was also beautiful, which made me want to eat slower, so I could savour it all.
The little knife had a mother-of-pearl handle, and everything was served on pretty little china plates.
We spent a couple of hours here studying after finishing our tea and scones, and found that the staff were completely relaxed about this.
This is the kind of place you should take friends or family when they visit Edinburgh.
You'd be surprised at the quality of the service, food, and environment, especially considering the price.
It's only open Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays, so be sure to make it a weekend mission!
One word of warning: There are no toilets, so make sure you are not bursting when you enter.
If after all your tea you are absolutely desperate, there is a public toilet down the road, or alternatively you can sneak into Starbucks...

I've been coming here regularly for a year and fell in love with Anteaques.
This place is a bit like The Leaky Cauldron in Harry Potter: you just don't notice it from the outside.
A tiny shop window with a few anteaques and that's it.
However, the inside is a great surprise: I personally find antiques quite tacky, but this place is astonishingly elegant, combining the antiques with a superb selection of teas (i counted 76 jars of different types, but they might as well have more).
The staff is very polite and dedicated, the serving impeccable and the quality of the cakes and scones can hardly be matched.
The prices are very competitive too, and if you are lucky enough, you can find rose jam produced by a family business in the south of france, as well as gluten-free stuff in the week-ends.
This place is very small so it's better to book in advance.

Anteaques is pretty delightful, and is the kind of tea room I like, except without a high tea option, which was a bit of a shame at the time, as that was why we went.
Instead, we had to console ourselves with a lunch of cake, but seeing as it was my birthday, I thought that was fair enough!
There are lots of teas and tea blends to choose from, reminding me of my favourite SF haunt, Lelands - in that, there are mini jars on the side so you can just go right ahead and have a good sniff of the tea options before you choose.
We both went for a couple of special blends - being a cold February afternoon, I went for the Christmas blend - all orange and spice and all things very very nice.
Washed down with some lovely tarts - dark chocolate ganache and raspberry, followed by a gluten free lemon tart (both in the photos I've uploaded) - the lemon was so crisp and clean, I can still taste it now, 5 months on.
That is what cake is supposed to be.
The gents remind me of steam punks back in SF, with their retro fashion and hair stylings and the air overall, with the antiques around you and the quaint plate ware and teapots just give Anteaques a lovely sense of character.
A profoundly pleasant place - oh but beware - it's tiny, so even when we visited, there were countless unlucky lots being turned away.

