Recently opened and they did a great job with the inside and out.
Dining inside with 2 bars outside, one downstairs with fireplace and one upstairs with views.
Heaters are all over so it's warm and comfortable.
The balcony up top had a nice bar and when I went there, a live band.
Happy hour M-F 4-7 I think?
Prices are reasonable.
I had a green chili burger and it was very tasty and the waitress was very nice.
All of the staff is courteous and I plan on going back for more good times.

This place is amazing!
The service is great, the food is great, and they even have live entertainment!
They have comedy nights, jazz nights, etc.
that you can enjoy while you eat.
For the food so far I tried the Green Chili Mac & Cheese which was delicious!
I highly recommend it for anyone who loves Mac & Cheese with a bit of spiciness  to it.
I also tried out a meat sampler that came with ribs, brisket and tri tip along with mash potatoes and coleslaw.
They also have a burger, salmon, salads, and dessert, all I can't wait to try out.
The Portions are unbelievable!
you better bring your appetite because they bring you so much food.
The price for the food isn't expensive either, and you will most likely leave the place with leftovers.
I highly recommend this place to anyone that has a big appetite and would like to see some entertainment while they enjoy their meal.

First time eating here tonight.
My boyfriend and I ordered the green chile burger, and the brisket.
The burger came with french fries and they were thick, fluffy, hot inside and crispy outside.
The brisket came with mashed potatoes and coleslaw.
Mashed potatoes were creamy and had great flavor, coleslaw was more savory instead of the usual tang.
We also ordered a side of the mac and cheese and it came out in a huge crock.
The brisket was soaked in a sweet bbq sauce with a kick, the meat itself was good but a bit too firm.
The burger was great, the bun was A+ and the green chile really gave it heat.
The thing that took away a star from a perfect review is they only have a sandwich/lunch menu for the weekends.
If you come during the week you can only order off the dinner menu, and the two cheapest meals are the burger or mac and cheese, everything else is $13-$18 range.
I was hoping to try the portabella sandwich too, but I will have to wait until another weekend.

Wowza!
This place certainly knows how to cook some darn good eats!
The night I came here I ordered the brisket which came out tender and delicious, along with a HEAPING side of garlic mashed potatoes and thankfully a small side of slaw.
I hate coleslaw so I won't be a critic on it as I didn't eat it anyway.
I sampled the Green Chili Mac & Cheese which was something different and spicy!
Definitely comfort food for cool weather.
Cody's uses Cruz tequila, a tequila I really enjoy for it's smoothness, in its margarita's.
I love the margarita's!
They have comedy nights on Wednesday and live music on the weekends that can span from Jazz to Country, to modern Top 40.
The best part is, it's all free while you dine.
I'm so eating here again.
Don't forget the chocolate cake.
TO DIE FOR!

Ugh!
I am so disappointed in this place after lunch today.
Since they only serve the lunch menu on weekends we came in to try the sandwiches.
I had read about the grilled portabella with peppers and chipotle mayo before and decided to order that with a side of the mac & cheese that I had last time.
We sat at the bar and the waitress got our waters, then didn't come near us again for awhile.
We were ready to order but she went to this table with a huge party and took care of them first.
A different waitress took our order after and told us she would put our order and the large group's order in the computer all at once so it would come out with theirs.
More than a half hour goes by while we have to endure the smokers at the bar because this place allows that.
Yes it is an "outside" patio but they cover all the "window" openings with plastic tarps so there is no real air flow, nor are there any fans to get the smoke moving.
We finally saw the larger parties food being brought out and figured our meals would soon follow.
WRONG.
It was another twenty minutes at least!
Not only that but another couple that had sat down waaayyyy after we ordered actually got their food at the same time as we did!
I could tell right away our plates had been sitting under the heat lamps for some time because the pickle slice on my plate was literally HOT.
I asked the waitress if she could bring me a new one that was cold, and she came back to tell me they had a "busy night" last night and they were out of pickles.
Real nice.
Also I noticed my portabella sandwich came on a regular hamburger bun when on the menu it says "served on a fresh baguette.
" Soft mushrooms, soft pepper, soft cheese, and a soft hamburger bun....where did the chef learn how to cook?
Does contrast of texture mean anything to him?
I didn't see any of the chipotle mayo and certainly didn't taste it.
My boyfriends cheese steak sandwich that also came on a baguette actually came out on said baguette, but his french fries were soggy, not crisp on the outside like the last time we ate here.
My mac & cheese tasted like it was made with some runny queso dip instead of baked like I had before.
I would have said something about my sandwich but honestly I was just so tired of trying to talk to the waitresses, after my pickle situation it seemed like they didn't want to deal with me either.
SORRY!
The bill came out to $16 and change so we left a $20, we figured since this will probably be the last time we come here we might as well be decent parting patrons.
So long Cody's, I hope you can make it in Cave Creek as a bar that allows smokers to enjoy both their cravings at the same time.

Don't waste your time.
Sat and waited over twenty minutes just get a menu.
Then was told that I needed to move to different table after they sat since some other customers wanted our table.
It just went downhill from there.
Much better places in cavecreek.

This is a cool place to relax on the patio upstairs, and they always have GREAT music.
Chuck Hall on Thursdays and one and two piece groups other nights - sweet.
The bbq aint bad (nice sauce), the salmon has been good and the drinks nice.
Great burgers.
Not a fan of the small tacos but everyting is good.
The upsairs is best with open air and fun times even though the downstairs is nice it looks more like something out of Dungeons and Dragons.
Go, relax and enjoy.

this was my second visit here, and the pulled pork is out of this world.
Our ever so friendly waiter suggested we try it with their home made cole slaw on top and brought us a complimentary side dish.
It was FABULOUS!
Really looking forward to going again!

