How cool is this?
Brand new gym, brand new equipment, reasonable prices and 24 hour access.
It was easy to sign up, I didnt feel like I was at a car dealership to get a membership, they make it easy.
One draw back, no showers!
The place is clean, bright and easy to use and the service/trainers are good.
What more can I say?

I canceled my membership here because I felt uncomfortable every single time I came.
Who puts the ellipticals and treadmills in front of a bank of mirrors?
A pervy male, that's who.
When I told them why I was canceling, the tattooed meathead working the desk made me feel self-conscious and stupid.
Exactly how you want to feel when you're going to the gym, right?
Then, OF COURSE, he didn't mention anything about a 30 day notice and they charged me for the next month anyway.
When I called, he got really defensive and told me that it was on the paper I signed, and told me that I needed to start reading things that I signed.
I told him that all he needed to do was TELL me about the policy, and he hung up on me.

I workout at snap and there has been some recent changes and the front desk employee is not there any longer and it made a huge difference.
I feel a lot more comfortable workout out there.
The staff is great now.
It convenient with 24/7 access and very clean.
Don't hesitate to check it out!

This is an OK bare bare bones facility.
It has everything you need together in a workout.
Please note-there are no showers.
I have to agree with the recent post from Rachel about the management change.
There's a big difference in the atmosphere with the new guy.

Facility is clean, but small  Service at the front desk is the reason why I will not sign up at this location.
Go in with knowledge of the competitors and listen to the crap the person tells you when you ask about membership.
You want me to support local business, that's fine, but when you try to undermine me, then you don't get my business.
Honestly you can find a better deal at LA Fitness which isn't too far away.
Mountain Side Fitness is coming to the area in 2014, which will pretty much put them out of business.
$40 for a month to month  $35 a month if you agree to a year  LA Fitness has comparable rates.
Pass on this location.

I was a member here for a few months.
I got pulled in by the owners great speech, and it was only $25 / month with an 18-month contract.
Seemed fair at the time.
I was pushed to sign up for a personal training package, which I was smart enough to avoid.
I am obese, and every time I came here, the "regulars" would always give me looks and make me feel really uncomfortable with "only" putting the weights to 30 lbs instead of the 150 they were at.
The members are only a part of the problem, as the owners were quite rude as well.
They were great at remembering me by name, but they got extremely defensive when I mentioned I was going to cancel because I didn't have the or gas to drive 10 miles out of my way to their gym, and that I planned to exercise at home.
They made comments about me not having time for fitness, and about how "sad" it was.
I'm not giving up on fitness, I'm just giving up on this lame excuse for a gym.

So I joined SNAP Fitness through a discount membership for a fundraiser.
I was really excited because it had 24 hour access and had all the basic equipment I needed.
I want to add that I am fairly knowledgeable about competitor rates and facilities.
I knew that this was a very basic facility, was particularly small, and had no special features.
I was fine with that, for the price I was paying, I didn't expect it to be like Lifetime Fitness or Mountainside Fitness.
Well, when I signed up, I was not told about the 30 day cancellation notice.
Yes, it was on the paper I signed, but I was specifically told that I could cancel whenever and that I didn't need to give a notice.
I specifically asked and they said as long as I canceled before the first of the month, I wouldn't be charged.
This made sense to me as other gyms I have gone to have done that before and have lived up to that promise.
Well, I decided to cancel for reasons I will mention below and then they decided to bring up this 30-day notice.
In addition to that, I worked a hectic schedule, and although you can gain access for 24 hours, the staff isn't there at all times.
I was never able to be there while a staff was available, so to cancel, I contacted them and left several messages about needing to schedule a meeting with a staff member to cancel, which they specifically state that they do.
3 weeks went by and I didn't hear one thing.
Finally, the office manager called me back saying she never got my messages (convenient) and that they were going to charge me for an additional month, even though I had called for 3 weeks.
They were basically pushing me closer and closer to the 30 day notice so I would have to pay regardless by not answering my calls.
Now, here are the reasons I canceled: The cardio equipment is terrible.
They clearly didn't get the best out there.
Second, one of the first times I went in there, I wore shorts to work out in and one of the staff members yelled out in front of the entire gym "You know we have tanning here too!
You can tan yourself up a bit!
" Thanks for letting me know that I am apparantly too pale for your tastes, in front everyone.
I replied "No thanks, I don't want skin cancer and I came here to be healthy not cause myself more problems.
" Every time I was in there I felt like I was being judged.
Now keep in mind, I was already fairly fit, just had maybe 5 lbs I wanted to lose, so it was bazaar.
There also is very little room to move around.
I like to do exercises on the ground on a mat away from machines and this was next to impossible.
I would avoid this gym at all costs.
There are so many better options out there.
Don't be fooled by the cheap prices, as you get what you pay for.

