Cafe Camino is part of St Mary's Cathedral, where I once went to a party and drank copious amounts of Martini, and then came to the decision that this would not be my life partnered drink of choice.
I'm still working on that one, but meanwhile, I'll tell you about the cafe, which I actually only noticed recently for some reason.
There is lots of seating here, and a lot of lunchtime food choices, so lunch hours here are very busy, because it's also all very reasonably priced.
The soup I had here was yummy, and so were the Jaffa Cakes, but I suppose that's irrelevant, as was my nostalgia at the beginning of this review.
There are also amazing cakes, bonus, and free Wi-Fi, even larger bonus.
If you're a nosey parker people watcher, you can nose away to your peeping eyes' delight here, as this is a busy part of town with lots of wandering individuals.

"3 nibbles and a bottle of wine for £15"... what's not to love?
Well a few things, actually.
My friend and I were lured by this blackboard promising booze and light bites to pick at, although I have to say it wasn't as good as we'd thought it was going to be.
Yes, we were lucky enough to be here on one of the few days when it was warm enough to sit outside.
But rather than emulating the mediterranean way of doings things, sitting outside nibbling olives and sipping wine whilst watching the world go by, we sat outside nibbling olives and drinking wine whilst watching the rush-hour traffic build up courtesy of the adjacent roadworks.
Not ideal.
Still, you can't say that £15 for a bottle of wine and 3 small tapas-sized plates of nibbles isn't good value for money.
It's just that I think I'd rather spend the same money on getting some nice wine and nibbles to enjoy in my flat.
Even watching TV whilst we sipped and nibbled would be an improvement on the roadworks.

Waiting for someone coming out of Mass?
Want a refreshment after the service yourself?
Even on your lunch hour or need a pre / post shopping spree cuppa?
Cafe Camino is a lovely place to stop by for whatever reason.
When you're in the cafe you forget it has any affiliation to the church at all and they certainly don't push anything down your throat so please don't be put off.
Whether you want an 11's snack, lunch or an afternoon coffee then this place is a good shout.
They do good coffees without them being the price of Starbucks so it is a clear winner.
The soup is always a good option and you get a good, hearty bowl of homemade goodness.
The cakes are divine and the smoothies are a particular favourite of mine as they have lots of combinations available.
Nice place to sit and unwind.

