Bei Bei Amigos and their sister school Arizona Language Prep are advanced for their time.
If you want to get your child ahead in a global economy, a knowledge of other languages is consquential.
Here, children become tri-lingual and I have never been unhappy or disappointed with any of the teachers.
So send your child to this school, or read this entry with jealousy because your child will not be as smart as my children:)

Mekeia S. This is the best daycare/language school in the Valley.
The teachers are great!
The students intermingle well and are engulfed in an awesome learning environment.
My daughter at the age of 2 years old can count to 10 in English, Mandarin, and Spanish.
She is able to communicate with short phrase welcoming/departure conversation and can identify colors in multiple languages.
The education this school provides is phenomenal and definitely worth the financial investment.
This school is a deal in comparison to the profound knowledge base my child is receiving.

My three year old daughter attends BeiBei Amigos Language Pre-School.
The staff is very attentive warm and caring.
My daughter loves going to school every morning.
The children are immersed in Spanish and Mandarin by native speakers.
The admin staff and teachers, especially Bianka and Ms. Ana takes very good care of our family.
Kudos to BeiBei Amigos Language Preschool.

Bei Bei Amigos is absolutely a fabulous school.
My daughter is 4 years old and started here at 18mos.
She loves going to school here and the teachers are so good to her.
They are gentle, caring, and firm when she acts up.
Ms. Ana and Ms.
Fancy are her favorite teachers.
She knows all her letters, colors, numbers, and all the other things you learn in preschool in three languages!
She sings her songs in Mandarin and Spanish all the way to and from school.
I am so excited that their sister school, Arizona Language Preparatory, is going to be a charter school.
My daughter will absolutely continue her education in a school that prepares students for the international needs of the future.
I am very happy to entrust my child to Bei Bei Amigos.

