Prices a little lower than other car rental companies at Phoenix Skyharbor, but employees at night have bad attitudes and hide when customer lines form.
Best bet for surly service and smoky cars.

ZERO if I could!
I have been renting cars for employees for well over 10 years, this was my worst experience to date.
I rented through a third party like I always do, also got the insurance through them like I always do.
The guy at the car rental counter, Thor, up-sold my employee on their insurance for more than the car cost per day.
The way that Thor snuck this in was by telling my guy that he was just initialing for the insurance that we had already paid for.
My employee had his insurance form with him and showed this to Thor, but he worded it just right and sold him $89 worth of insurance anyways.
I called Dollar when I found this out and they said they couldn't take the insurance off over the phone and he would have to go to a dollar location to get it resolved.
I let them know that he was working 3 hours away from the nearest Dollar location and I couldn't afford to have him leave the job to go deal with this.
Then they told me he could try to have it removed when the car is returned, it would be at the managers discretion, of course that didn't happen.
In addition he was an hour late returning the car, they charged him an extra day rental and an extra day of the insurance we didn't want in the first place.
The WORST customer service I have ever dealt with on a local and corporate level.
Don't be fooled by the low prices they offer, you will pay double what you planned on one way or another.
This was supposed to be a $177 rental including insurance, turned out to be a double insured rental costing us over $300.
There goes the budget!

This place is pretty hit or miss.
Sometimes you'll get a grizzled employee who doesn't give a F, other times you can get a cordial one.
I've learned if you use the word "decline" when you are talking about the coverages you can usually avoid the barrage of questions about the rental process.
I have gotten it down to about a 4 minute transaction at this point, which isn't too terrible.

I wish I had read the reviews ahead of time about being upsold insurance you didn't want, because that's exactly what happened to us.
I complained when we returned the car and of course, they refused to take it off.
In 30 years of renting cars, I have always DECLINED the insurance, and that's exactly what I thought I had done on Monday, Jan. 2, 2012, but Dollar is apparently making too much money on the insurance to hear you when you say, "Decline.
"  I will NEVER do business with them again.

DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT under any circumstances rent a car from this company.
This was the worst experience we have ever had renting a car EVER!
And, my husband and I have been renting cars regularly for MANY years.
The first question we were asked was "where are you going?
"  Is this their business?
We said Sedona, and the Dollar employee said "oh, you can't possibly drive to Sedona in a compact car.
You MUST upgrade to an SUV if we hoped to get through if there was ANY snow on the way there.
"  We found out from our friends later that this is absolutely ridiculous.
In addition, there was a bad tire on the car we rented/  We ended up with a completely flat tire after the car sat in our friend's driveway for several hours.
We changed the tire to the spare, but when we took the tire to the repair shop, they said we needed a completely NEW tire!
They wouldn't be able to fix the existing one.
This was an additional $240 charge.
This was a brand new vehicle.
How could a Michelin tire go bad that quickly?
Obviously, the tire must have been bad when we left the rental car facility.
Rent from ANYONE else!
Do not use this company EVER.
I really wish I had looked at YELP before renting from them.

More of a joke than their bait-and-switch tactics that Dollar pulled on my employee at the time of the rental is their customer service after the fact.
I contacted them on December 8th, 2011 with a complaint and here is the response that I got this morning, January 18th, 2012.
Mr. Sparks is my employee, I clearly stated in my communications that I was his boss and the one that set up the reservation.
They obviously didn't read my email very carefully, or my huge signature and contact information at the bottom.
This is absolutely unacceptable!
Dear Mr. Sparks,  Thank you for notifying us of your recent experience with Dollar Rent A Car in Phoenix.
We appreciate the opportunity to assist.
We disclose all rental charges at the commencement of the rental to inform you of all charges and to explain the benefit of any protection you select.
A review of your rental contract indicates your acceptance of the LDW by your signature acknowledging the charge.
Final review of your rental information confirms all amounts appear to be in order.
Based on the available information, I must respectfully decline your request for a refund of the amount in question.
At Dollar Rent A Car, we strive to provide quality products and friendly, efficient service.
You are a valued customer and your comments are extremely important to us.
Thank you once again, Mr. Sparks, for taking the time to notify us of this situation.
We look forward to serving you again soon at Dollar Rent A Car.
Sincerely,  Ebony Harding Customer Service Representative      Case ID: 1728097

My sunglasses were stolen!
Now, I'm an adult and a highly reasonable one.
I'm not prone to public whining sessions or making scenes.
I'm very aware that leaving a pair of NICE sunglasses in a rental car when you turn it in is not an advisable thing to do.
I would also expect to never see those sunglasses again if the car had not been thoroughly inspected or had been immediately rented out again to another customer.
I rented a car from the San Diego location and drove to Scottsdale to attend a conference.
During that drive I made the mistake of taking off my sunglasses and instead of planting them firmly on top of my head, I put them in the dash compartment.
I made the drive on Sunday, the location to drop off wouldn't be open when I got there.
Ok, fine - not that big a deal.
The conference didn't start until 9am on Monday morning, plenty of time to get to the drop off point, turn in my car and catch a taxi back to the conference hotel.
The taxi was late and in my panic to get back to the conference in time, I was scrambling.
The taxi shows up, mad dash back to the hotel, run to the conference room and as soon as my butt hits the chair, I remember - the SUNGLASSES!
With no cell reception in the conference room, I dash out during the first break - about 11am (so it's been about 2.5 hours since the car was returned) and call the drop off location, leave a message letting them know what a dumb*** I'd been , what the sunglasses looked like and where they had been left.
I get a call much later that afternoon to let me know that the car had NOT be rented out (phew) but lo and behold, no sunglasses could be found!
So I call back the next morning since the location was closed by the time the conference let out, inquire about any lost and found.
A different customer service person tells me that there's nothing that is in the 'regular' return spot and nothing with the hotel lobby desk.
She then tells me that if the person cleaning the cars finds anything, those things are returned to lost and found in Phoenix as she goes there to finish her day.
I think, great- this is what you get for leaving them behind, a detour on the way home but the glasses were well worth it.
Several hours later I get another call this time from the lost and found 'center' in Phoenix- no sunglasses.
She tells me that she's called the location in Scottsdale and they searched the car and - no sunglasses.
Why have someone search the car for a third time when we know that the sunglasses are not in the car?
A few more patient phone calls, three total days, the car never left Scottsdale and yet my sunglasses were no where to be found.
I finally call the supervisor of the lost and found in Scottsdale and ask, straightforward but not terse or rude - what sort of recourse I might have knowing that my sunglasses were taken and not simply misplaced.
There was no question of where they were placed.
I knew that the sunglasses were left in the car, the car never left Dollar's possession at the Scottsdale location and yet they were missing.
Clearly, unless random people off the street have easy access to unlocked cars, an employee stole them.
The supervisor didn't like that very much- she got very short with me (albeit still remained professional) and basically didn't give me much more than "employees that steal get fired" aka you can't do a damn thing about it.
A written complaint to their headquarter customer service didn't get any different of a result.
I gripe because nothing was really done.
I don't want someone to be fired for them, I just wanted them back.
I've seen this sort of thing happen many times!
it's amazing how often theft will happen with employees.
Usually crimes of opportunity but there are ways to handle it and there are ways of recovering the items taken - without having to fire everyone in the building.
Or how about trying to make a customer feel a little better about the situation and refund the rental fee, calling the whole deal even?
But nope, I got nothin' but a bad taste in my mouth.
And you know, if the sunglasses hadn't been stolen, I'd probably still be right there with the other reviews regarding their upsells and intentionally confusing but highly persistent sales tactics for upsells.

HORRIBLE!
They were very rude when I declined the insurance and told me that I would be pulled over because we were close to the border and would be arrested without proper paperwork.
In addition, when I got in the car it was out of gas.
Lovely.
Waited for them to fill it because by that time all of my luggage was in place and it was the only decent looking car available.
When I pulled out of the lot I immediately realized that a turn signal was out.
Oh, and then I was pulled over for it.
When I dug out the car's registration (the cop thought it was crazy that I would have insurance for a rental car) I noticed it expired a year ago.
Thankfully I wasn't fined and the very kind police officer suggested I do whatever it takes to get some money back.
Needless to say....AVOID THEM LIKE THE PLAGUE.

Great experience.
I took their "lock low and go" special and they gave me a Crown Victoria for 14.99 per day.
Very comfortable.
Waited in line less than a minute and the young man was very nice and friendly.
He offered to sell me extra options but was not pushy when I turned them down.
The car was already ready for me.
It had a few scratches but ran great and they didn't charge me for damage.
A smiling young woman checked my car back in rapidly.
So....
The price was great and there were no hassles at all.
I am very pleased.

Dollar at Skyharbor airport sucks!!
Plain and simple, why?
well, I am a rapid rewards member so pick up was easy since I didn't have to deal with any of them, that's true at any Dollar location I pick up at.
However, returning the vehicle.. you are forced to deal with them, I specifically dealt with Kalshd, an Indian fellow who charged me for a fuel on a full tank of gas because I did not have a receipt.
What an effing joke, I'm going to dispute the charge because I noticed right when he printed it.
I would have complained further and disputed it then and there however I had a flight to catch.
I checked my rental agreement and found nothing to indicate that I needed to furnish a receipt.
Needless to say, the theme is consistent at this location, the people are terrible, the consumers control this market, realize that or pack your crap and get out of town.
The comments on this site are real and are from real people.
Consumer beware you have been warned.
This place will nickel and dime you till you're all dried up.
Not worth the aggravation, it really wasn't and isn't..

HERE IS A COPY OF LETTER I SENT TO THE PRESIDENT OF DOLLAR, CC THE PRESIDENT OF DOLLAR THRIFTY AUTO GROUP May 10, 2013  Mr. Gary L. Paxton Dollar Rent a Car  5330 E. 31st Street Tulsa, Oklahoma  74135-5023  Subject: Recent experience with Dollar   Dear Mr. Paxton:     My wife and I just returned from an 8 day trip to Arizona and used your firm for car rental.
It turned out to be an experience I won't soon forget, and thought I would share it with you.
We began on your web site on April 30th, we had no trouble selecting and reserving a full sized Ford Taurus or similar on confirmation #N7226985 for a total of $239, at Sky Harbor Airport in Phoenix.
After a long exhausting day of travel we arrive at the rental counter, where the gentleman begins to fill out the agreement, he asks where we will be traveling and what we plan to do.
Then he says "You have rented a full size which means a Mercury Grand Marquis which will get only 15-16 miles/gallon and sits pretty low for sightseeing.
You would be much happier in a Ford Escape with Eco-Boost which sits higher but will also get 32-34 miles/gallon.
It will only cost an additional $20 per day.
"  I asked what happened to the Ford Taurus which gets better mileage than he was stating for the Mercury.
He skipped right over my question and started calculating on his computer.
He took some number of miles, used some price per gallon of gas, and the expected MPG's he quoted above and said we would actually come out cheaper by increasing the cost of the rental by $160 and getting the Escape with Eco Boost.
Wanting to get out of there and get on our way I agreed, not entirely sure if I had just been up sold, but my $239 rental is now over $400.
We head down to where the cars are and were told to take anything in row E.  In row E there is only one Ford of any type but it happens to be an Escape.
When we open the doors we notice that the seats are filthy, not just dirty, but filthy!
Looks like something had been spilled a long time ago and dirt had stuck to whatever it was.
This was true of all four seats and the cargo area.
There were also three empty pop cans in the back seat, one on the seat and two on the floor.
We seriously considered heading back to the counter, but really wanted to just get going, and since it was to be a somewhat outdoors vacation decided we could live with it.
After leaving the airport and getting a ways down the road I happen to notice that the gas gage is showing 3/4 full.
Knowing that all cars are returned either full with a receipt or are filled by Dollar I thought the gas gage was just off.
The following day we drive for a while and it just doesn't seem like we are getting anything like 32-34 mpg unless this Escape has a very small tank.
I pull in for gas and look the car over for anything that says Eco-Boost and find nothing, so I open the hood and find that this is not the small Eco-Boost but the larger 6 cylinder.
When I get back in after filling the tank I now notice that the gas gage works just fine and it is now on full.
To Summarize:  We were not given the Taurus or similar we reserved, we were talked up to an additional $160 for an Eco-boost Escape which we didn't get, the gas tank was only 3/4 full, and the vehicle was filthy and with pop cans left in the back seat.
As I think about it now, I would have been perfectly happy with a clean Taurus or similar at whatever mileage it gets, a full tank, and no unwanted pop cans.
Funny thing, but that is what I thought I reserved.
James Skrentner 8372 Willingham Lane South Branch, MI  48761 989-257-2315 skrentner@gmail.com cc: Scott L. Thompson

I did not have the nightmare experience that everyone else seemed to have.
Got my car in pretty quick fashion, and dropped it off with no problems.
Had a receipt for the gas since everyone warned me about that.
Dumb rule for sure, but didn't affect me.
Just another car rental for me...

DO NOT RENT A CAR FROM DOLLAR!
:-(    I rented an economy car for for 2 days from Phoenix SkyHarbor and it ended up being $330.00.
First they did not have the car and I was told to wait for 15 minutes.
After about 1  1/2 hours I finally got a car just when someone returned it.
This car was about 10 times the price that is should have been.
The way DOLLAR plays with numbers you will end up spending a LOT more than quoted - like 10 times more.
The customer service was awful and they did not want to talk to me.
You must read the fine print very, very carefully.
The fine print is where they will nickel and dime you to make your bill 10 times the quoted amount.
My experience with Dollar was so terrible that  I personally will never do business with Dollar again.
They just play dirty with their customers and will Nickel and Dime you.
I should have read the other reviews before renting the car - Ratings don't lie.
Yelp is a beautiful thing.

Im afraid to say that all bad reviews for Dollar and not only here but everywhere does have its reasons.......The level of customer service is a discgrace to the whole company and i would not think of ever renting a car here again.
Heres my story.....   We come to vegas after a 24 hour journey from Scandinavia and are more then tired.
Head to the airport dollarn rental place where we have booked a "Charger or similar".
First he says i have "some coverage" but if i get a flat or something in the middle of nowhere it will be soooooo expensive so he wants me to get the "super coverage" or similar that runs for about 20 $ a day wich would have added 420 $ plus tax on our prepaid rental.
Thanks but no thanks!
Ok so they offer me an Impala.
Like last time.
How the h*ll can they put the small cheap Impala in the same class as the Charger??
I really dont get it.
So i say i doont want an Impala and asks what they can offer me instead.
Ok they had an old Mercury Marquis wich is suitable for my grandparents and then they try to get me to choose a small Suv like a Kia Sportage.
I say i want the full size car i have booked and ask about a nice Taurus i see in the back.
He says someone forgot the lights on and that they would have to jumpstart it wich will take a few minutes.
Ok so i wait until they start it.
He says that the 10 min drive to the hotel will be enough to charge the battery.
Wrong!
6 am in the morning at Hard Rock the car wouldnt start.
We got help from the staff to start it but thought we should have kept it going a tad longer the day before and left for Grand Canyon........  After a 4 hour drive and looking at the canyon the car started but after wome hesitation that left me uneasy.
After the night in Flagstaff the car again refused to start.
Called the closest Dollar wich was Phoenix Airport (another reason to choose Hertz or Avis).
They told me to come and change the car at the Phoenix location.
So since we where spending the folowing night in Cottonwood we had to go about 300 miles extra to change the car and spend another 4 hours on the road instead of with a glass of arizona redwine i Cottonwood.
When we arrived to Phoenix i asked the lady working there if it would be appropriate with a free upgrade (something they can do anytime if the will is there to get rotation on all the cars.
Even the better ones.....) She said we could at an additional cost of 620 $!!!!
So we could pay that amount to get the Mustang convertible or just take the car we where handed.
So all the hassle, extra fuel and time......thats my problem.
Not Dollars.
And guess what car i got?
Dum da da dum!!
Yes a Impala in a color of my choice.
So we ended up having the dreaded slow, small Impala the 2,5 weeks left of the vacation.
I will never ever rent here or any other Dollar again and advise anyone thinking oof it to put some extra cash in a car from Hertz or Avis where there is another level of the service.
It just goes to show that you get what you pay for.........

It takes forever to return your car.
One person on a busy weekend with cars piling up.
Also, beware when returning your car with a full tank.
They never tell you to keep your receipt to prove you filled up.
It's on the fine print.
So even if you fill up, they'll charge you an exorbitant price per gallon, almost $10, for one gallon.
It would have been nice if the sales agent pointed out that we should keep our receipt.
Try out another company.

Crappy car, but what was really maddening was getting charged over $9 for one gallon of gas (after we had filled up at $3.39/gallon) all because we didn't have a gas receipt to show we had just filled the tank!
We were NOT told to have this receipt when we picked up the car.
The gas tank needle registered full, but the attendant said without this receipt, he would have to charge us.
What a load of bs!
In addition, we got the hard sell from the guy at the counter to take their insurance - we didn't.
We will never rent from Dollar again.

Arrived at 12am without a rental reservation.
Checked prices at a few other companies found out NASCAR was in town so prices were way up, obsurd prices everywhere including here.
None of the places seemed willing to help.
My mistake for not planning ahead.
However, Greg was very polite and understanding of my budget and at 1am was able to quickly help me get the vehicle I needed for a successful weekend.
I'd have given 2 stars if it weren't for his helpfulness.
Thanks again Greg!

Unlike the LA location, these people actually know what the hell they are doing.
I was duly surprised.
Ya feel me?

Horrible, horrible, horrible!!!!!!
I went to pick up my car, which was prepaid by a friend flying in later.
When they asked if I wanted insurance I said, "NO".
I was with my other friend who was with me and can verify me saying no.
Then the Dollar employee asked for my credit card.
I asked him why he needed it because it was prepaid.
He said it ONLY needs to have it on file in case something happens to the car and that NOTHING would be charged to my card.
He also said no insurance would be charged...NOTHING would be charged.
The Dollar employee had me sign a few things that he told me not to read and he just explained them to me.
He NEVER mentioned anything about insurance.
After I dropped the car off, I got charged almost $300 for insurance.
I called Dollar to explain the situation and they were extremely rude and unhelpful.
Now, I'm stuck paying for something I was tricked into.
I would never use them again, and would never recommend them.

The rental car shuttle to/from airport was efficient.
About a 7 minute ride.
Booked via Orbitz.com.
Easy check-in.
Greeted by a friendly staff who was very efficient and knowledgeable.
He explained to us about the Arizona policies about auto insurance.
When we picked up our car, we were able to pick whichever car in the compact range which was a choice of about 10 different cars.
That was a first!
At most places, we're lucky if we get the rental car type we reserved.
Easy drop off.
By far, the most pleasant rental car experience ever.

Argumentative when asked questions.
Rude and condescending.
Car was damaged.
When I pointed it out they acted as if I was being silly.
As bad as pick up was, return was great.
High pressure tactics soured our trip.

