went to a wedding last night at Regale!
the location was super classy and nice.
so many great places to take pictures.
the staff was great and the whole thing was a blast.
I had no idea this place existed, and now i wish i could get married again so I could have it here.

Getting married at Regale!
very soon and I have to share what a wonderful experience it has been so far.
I could not have wished for better people to work with; Tony and Linda are top notch.
They have done an awesome job putting us at ease.
Planning has been very organized and they have given great suggestions and are always very prompt to answer any questions we have.
I would highly recommend working with them.
The venue itself is gorgeous and is a really nice blank slate to work with- the details in the room are well thought out and put together.
It's also the perfect size so that even a small wedding won't feel swallowed up by a giant room.
I kind of felt like Goldilocks- it was just right.
It is very clean and has great light- can't wait to see how well the photos turn out.

We just got married this past weekend at DC Ranch through the Regale!
venue/team.
I could literally write pages and pages on the wonderful experience I had but I will keep it brief and to the point.
I am an event planner myself and I have to say, I was thoroughly impressed with the Regale!
team and their work.
- The team at Regale!
was organized, concise, and prepared for any situation - They were prompt yet flexible and were never too pushy - The team was always having a good time and made sure that everyone else was too - Tony and Linda Laub were absolutely dialed in and ready to go from the very beginning of the experience to the very end.
There was never a time when they recommended something far off the mark.
The paid INCREDIBLE attention to detail and bent over backwards to make our visions a reality.
I have been constantly recommending this location/team to newly engaged couples.
I urge anyone getting married to go visit them for yourself.
They are wonderful to work with and they made the whole experience fun and as stress-free as possible!
Thank you Tony and Linda, you made our big day everything we hoped it would be!

Went to a Local First Arizona mixer.
It's a great space- lots of room and perfect for any sort of reception or party.
Since I didn't organize the mixer I don't have much more to say, but if I were living up in that part of the valley it would be a place I would want to use!

Great place to get married, I was married last month here, The staff is abolutely outstanding and I highly reccomend it to avoid the stress of finding vendors.
Regale!
has professionals picked out that you can choose from.
Everybody loved our wedding based on the feedback I got from attendees.
Very well priced, beats some of the inner phoenix venues in price and definitely more genuine here.

My brother just got married here and it was a pretty awesome little place.
Here is the deal I have to say that I loved everything.
I loved the look, I loved the location, I loved the people who were working there, the decor was amazing, but the one thing that made me give 4 stars instead of 5 is the bathrooms were outside the main venue hall.
They were located near the elevator.
They were nice bathrooms inside their own space, I just did not like that I had to leave the main event area.
I would suggest this place to others though.
Great location!

I just called Regale!
to find help for planning a bday party for my aunt.
Tony answered the phone and was so abrupt and rude that I thanked him and will be moving on to someone else.
First impressions are so critical and Tony is terrible.

