I had my first, what was supposed to be just a consultation....but my new Hair Stylist, Erin, took it a step further and actually cut my hair.
She even offered to color it!
The salon is nice, and very comfortable.
I have found my new place to go for my hair needs!!!!!!
Already recommending to everyone!

Pretty cool place.
I went there to get my eyebrows waxed and it was easy to get an appointment the next day.
The girl who did my eyebrows was really nice, talkative and did a really good job fixing my eyebrows.
I will return!
The only thing I didnt like was seeing the girls at the front desk eating when I walked in.
There should always be a break room in any salon where employees can enjoy their breakfast, lunch or break!

I've had pixie cuts by both Sidney and Yasmin and they both did a wonderful job on my hair!

The salon is so cute and all the girls are great!

Great Salon!
Great People!
Really friendly & Helpful staff!
Marion Dodd is my hair stylist and she is amazing!
She always makes me feel beautiful!
Highly recommend this salon!

I started coming here because my "eyebrow lady" changed locations and started working at this salon.
Belinda is the best and I would not trust anyone else to come near my brows.
she listens and takes the time to carefully shape and wax my brows to perfection every single time.
I also recently got my hair trimmed by Amber.
She also is fantastic.
She listened and cut my hair exactly how I wanted.
She's easy to talk to and I never once worried about what my hair would look like while I sat in her chair.
Great salon!

Belinda is the best eyebrow artist in the Valley!
I always know I will walk out of there w/ terrific looking eyebrows and some great tips on how to keep them looking their best!
Love her!

I really am a BIG fan of Salon Kismet.
By accident I stumbled upon them a couple years ago and now I truly look forward to seeing them  for my appts.
Dina is great with hair and is so much fun to talk to.
But I also love Amber!
I always leave the two of them feeling like I just socialized with two of my best girlfriends.
Salon is really cute and CLEAN!
Love there products!
I've seen the nail girls work and it is amazing!
I would love to get my nails done by her but she is BUSY BUSY.
Park to the side of the building!
Or behind the nursery.

My favorite salon for years now!
Love... Love,, love!
These girls have known each other forever and are all great friends.
The good vibes are here with these girls.
No negative salon atmosphere.
You can relax they are a true salon team and everyone wants the best for their client.
One stylist may ask another stylist to brain storm with you.
Dina and Tina came up with a great idea for my hair cut and color, together!
Love my hair :)

