Couldn't find this on Yelp so I actually went out of my way to add it so I could post a bad review.
I will usually give a place the 3 strikes rule before vowing never to return, well when you get 3 strikes in one visit, I don't think it even warrants trying for more.
I will say I have been here a few times in the past and although not the best Oyster Bar in town, it was OK and close to home.
Was in the mood for seafood, specifically crab legs...went on the website and low and behold there was special on legs.
Get there at 5:30, no crowd, maybe 4 tables.
No hostess, ok guess that is the norm for mid week.
Printed menu was completely different from what was on the web and changed since past visits - STRIKE ONE  Ok let me get a beer to calm the nerves cause I got in-laws in our party of six, I already called out the first strike and where the hell is our waitress.
Guess the party of 6 scared her off.
I proceed to order a micro brew from the menu and was sitting patiently.
After everyone gets their drinks someone I expect to be the sit in F&B manager (he looked the part) came by to tell me the micro brew is no longer served her, was just a temporary thing for football season.
Well shucks here I am watching some Basketball thinking I should have know football season was over and wouldn't have bothered ordering it off the menu you printed and not bothered changing for 2 months now, I know the economy is bad but a $2 sharpie could have save you here - STRIKE TWO  Utterly distraught now I don't even know what to order - settled for the Lobster Fra Diavolo which I hope will recover a meal which in my mind was already headed for a 2 star on Yelp no matter how spectacular the meal would be.
I am no Oyster Bar expert and I would find it a challenge to put together a good gumbo or pan roast but I know seafood.
So when you bring me a bowl of linguine noodles with a can of crushed tomatoes thrown in and toss in some par boiled - not even fully cooked slivers of lobster I'm going to complain.
I can't remember the last time I sent a dish back but I can tell you before the last meal was brought out of the kitchen mine was going to opposite direction.
The waitress was nice enough to offer to have them cook the lobster more but in my mind not even satan himself could bring the Fra Diavolo (brother devil) to an acceptable level - there was no lobster, the sauce was no here near spicy then only thing not messed up was the linguine.
-STRIKE THREE AND WE ARE OUTTA HERE.

I was there.
I saw it all happen.
It was awful.
Of course Jason failed to mentioned that the location is prime as you will walk by the food court on the way out...hello Fat Burger.
I may have been even more disappoint then Jason at the meal, as my friend and I use to frequent this joint a lot.
The server did apologize profusely and explained that the main chef was on vacation and the second server was out sick.
Still when you order the oyster roast, spicy, and it comes with four measly oysters and tastes like pink cream, no amount of excuses can appease.
I probably will go back just because it's our local casino and we catch the movies there...but I won't recommend it.

Major disappointment.
The service was excrutiatingly slow in spite of the fact that the place was virtually empty.
The food was glop...the "pan roasts" were poorly cooked pieces of shrimp is a sauce that looked and tasted like it was Campbell's cream of tomato soup.
I will never return, and wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
It's worth noting that right next door in the casino is Austin's which I think is one of the most underrated steakhouses in town.
Sadly, the oyster bar is nothibng close in quality or service.

so sorry I didn't consult Yelp first.
all reviews are spot on - including the beer listed on the menu that isn't available....  Service was pleasant I guess but the food just sucked.
Perhaps if you go for the all you can eat snow crab legs you'll be happy but I don't recommend the other stuff.
Even the rice wasn't cooked properly.

First of all, we are not from the area so we didn't know how far it was from the strip.
We came from the Red Canyon area so it was a long drive for us.
We heard of the place from purchasing a Groupon.
The Texas Station was packed because we had a hard time finding parking but the restaurant itself was pretty slow... that was a sign.
We ordered two cocktails that were decent and strong.
And we ordered a dozen oysters and decided to share the gumbo.
The oysters were okay.
I was a little worried because I wasn't sure how often they get new inventory because they were not busy on a Friday night.
Where we are from, Friday nights are big seafood nights.
Well, the oysters were ice cold so we decided to go for them and they were not that bad compared to the gumbo.
To be honest, the gumbo looked like dog food with two scoops of rice on top.
The soup was so dark you could not even see the seafood or taste the seafood.
I think I did find a scrap piece of lobster and it was so mushy.
After a bite, I couldn't eat anymore of it.
Even the bread and butter tasted old.
Not a good choice for dinner.
The service was good but the food was horrible.
In the middle of the night, I did wakeup to vomit.
I'm not sure if it was the food or the drinks.
All we had wasone drink each so we were not intoxicated or anything.
Overall, it was not a good experience.

Service was quick, friendly & accurate!
Highly recommend this place!
Shrimp po boy is worth the $10.

I really like this place, but I wasn't blown away.
I ordered pasta gumbo and an oyster shot.
My sister had a shrimp basket and my bruddah got a po' boy shrimp sandwich.
All in all our food was good, service was good, people here are considerate.
Thing is, is that it is a bit pricey my gumbo was $18 don't get me wrong it was good and way to full fulling.
I'd rather have small portions at a cheaper price so I can try other things like their appetizers  etc.
I was good, just way to much food, but yea, at least I got my moneys worth, but I won't be ordering that no more.
I'd stick to a sand which or something.
Then again, there are two other things on the menu that just might get me back at this restaurant.
BBQ bacon wrapped shrimp appetizer and jambalaya.
Yummmmmm!

Great Friday night oyster fest!
My father picked this restaurant to celebrate his birthday dinner and it didn't disappoint.
Since Tides is no longer in existence, it's nice that we can still find our lobster pan roasts somewhere!
We enjoyed Wing Shots, Oysters Rockefeller, oysters on the half shell and a lobster pan roast.
They were all spot on delicious.
The oysters were a little on the small side, but the taste was above par.
The wing shots were generous with the alcohol and went down so smooth.
The waitress was nice enough to have them split the pan roast into two separate bowls for my Dad and I since we were sharing it.
The restaurant was packed and busy yet our waitress managed to keep our drinks refilled consistently.
We did have to wait about 10 minutes for our check once I gave my credit card, but that is my only complaint.

Had dinner here on a Monday night.
Service was fairly slow but friendly.
Fried oysters were not cooked enough and sent back and then came back burnt.
The kicker was asking for water and having it poured in my empty soda glass.
Probably will not be back here.

Ordered oysters.
Did not vomit.
Did not die.
Service a tad slow.
Once again, did not die.
Success.

I will never go back and I'm kicking myself for eating here before I checked out the reviews on Yelp.
I could have saved myself from the whole ordeal.
I should know better by now,  I'm not a newbie.
Horrifically slow service.
So slow it was almost non-existent.
The crazy thing was, they weren't even busy.
There were a few couples sitting at the bar and two other tables of people when we arrived.
Judging by the lack of service we received, one might have assumed that this place was slammed.
Nope, not slammed, just extremely negligent, poor service overall.
At this point, does it really even matter what the food was like?
Not really.
It would have to be phenomenal to compensate for the rest of the dining experience.
And it's not, the food is mediocre at best.
Do yourself a favor and skip this place all together.

2nd time here , even made a trip from the strip.
The Place was very crowded, but it is soooo understaffed .
sure the server was working her ass off , but not up to par , if i ask for a refill of water ,15 minutes is unacceptable.
food was just so so .
will not return

Sat at the bar for 30 minutes waiting on peel and eat shrimp appetizer.
Server kept saying it was on its way.
Never got the appetizer and left as our entree was coming out.
Seems to be bad communications between the FOH and BOH.
I've been here many times before but it seems to be getting worse.
I expressed my concerns to the food and beverage manager and she seemed receptive.
I'll give it another chance and hope that next time I can write a better review.

This place has improved over the past year.
I am told they have a new Chef and that he has really spent time making the recipes better.
I really enjoy the house pan roast!!!!
Best ever!!!!!
Ask for the Mexican Shrimp cocktail....it is not on their regular menu, but they have it available!!

Horrid!
Two hours!!!
It took two hours from the time we sat down to get drinks, food, and our check-ridiculous!
If wasn't a leisure two hours, it was craning our necks-looking for our waitress, wondering if our food would ever come.
I don't know if they were just understaffed or what, but I had to go looking for my own fork :( We ordered oysters Rockefeller, which were cold and tasteless.
The lobster boil was no bueno the lobster was tough!
Never again!

The food was good, but they need to clean the place better; suggestion a cap of bleach in the cleaning water will stop the flies from sitting on the tables, oh and wipe the menus.
Yes we will give the Oyster Bar a second chance.

We had some extra time to kill before a movie so we thought, "let's try this place" and sat down for a big plate of fresh oysters.
The oyster menu isn't extensive but hey, this is the desert!
We ordered a sampler plate with a variety of oysters.
They weren't expertly shucked (most of the juice had spilled out) but they weren't too pricey either so it wasn't too bad.
The service is terribly SLOW so we had to flag somebody down to pay our check so we could make our movie.
I knew we were in trouble when I asked the guy behind the counter "where are these oysters from?
" You know, New York, Seattle, Rhode Island...and he looked at us in all seriousness and replied "the ocean.
" I kid you not.
He was NOT joking!
We started laughing and he didn't understand why.
Then we asked to speak to a manager and asked him the same question.
Folks, you'd think we had asked them what is the meaning of life!?!
It started to get riotously funny but the more I think about it, the more it worries me that the staff doesn't know where they source their oysters.
We slurped them up and didn't get sick, so freshness wasn't an issue.
If you are used to eating in some of the finest, fresh seafood oyster bars around the globe, you will be disappointed in this oyster bar.
But if you just want a quick oyster snack, you could do much worse in this town.

Ate here on Valentines Day.
The staff was overwhelmed with all the patrons but the food was good..
I had the signature gumbo and my fiancé had oyster Rockefeller .., I can't complain about the food and I would go again on a night that's not so busy.

I've been to this location of Oyster Bar a few times.
Each time I never get disappointed.
Although I have heard that the Palace Station location is way better, I try to stay away from those infamous 1-2 hour long wait.
Today I tried the Combination Pan Roast ($19) for the first time.
It's a creamy brandy tomato sauce with shrimp, lobster & crab!
Ordered it as a spicy level 5.
Uhhh can you say...
BOMB!?
It had so much flavor.
& the bowl was so big I could barely finish it.
Delicious!
My usual order is the Bouillabaisse ($18).
The beau ordered that today.
It's a light tomato broth with shrimp, crabs, mussels, clams & fresh fish.
It comes with a side of rice but I substitute it with side of pasta instead.
The broth has these herbs that really kick you in your mouth.
It's my all time favorite thing to get at the Oyster bar.
Whenever I come here it's never really busy.
We just sit ourselves at the bar.
The staff is pretty good, never really had an issue.
The chefs look like they hate their jobs though.
Due to the fact that they are cooking right in front of you maybe a smile once in a while would be nice.
Other than that, BOMB!

Great fresh oysters, good calamri  and best linguine and clams.
Allways come here after the movie theater.

Everything was delicious.
Gumbo was great.
Wife had the shrimp and lobster fra diavolo and enjoyed it as well.
Will be back if afforded the opportunity.

Never have I ever gotten as great of service as I did here.
Andrea was a model server, I feel like management should really know that and note accordingly!
She was beyond accommodating and had an amazing personality.
I'm not one to ask for servers, but if I came back here I would definitely ask for her.
Now, onto the food.
We had four people and shared everything.
We started off with two bowls of clam chowder: Manhattan and New England.
She was a sweetheart and split it two ways each so it was easier to share.
The New England was mediocre and didn't come out piping hot like the Manhattan.
The Manhattan was delicious, especially when we added the "Ass Kicking Habenero Sauce" that Andrea brought without us asking.
We also ordered fried oysters as an appetizer, which could've been hotter but it was still decent.
The steamed clams in the white wine butter sauce was much too alcoholic-tasting.
I don't think they let the wine reduce enough.
I felt like I was drinking wine at times (this was probably my least favorite dish).
For entrees we had the signature pan roast (shrimp, crab, lobster) and the Cioppino.
The seafood was cooked well in each, although I felt like the fish fell apart a little too much into tiny pieces.
But both were a little disappointing..
The pan roast was sweet to a point where it felt like I was eating Thai coconut curry.
The Cioppino lacked flavor, although it was leaps and bounds better when we added the habenero sauce.
Overall, we would definitely go again to try other dishes.
Especially with a star waitress like Andrea!

