As far as listing what's good about this place goes, I don't know where to start...
Recently opened on busy and bustling Nicolson Street, In Delhi is perfect for everything from meeting friends for coffee, to a full lunch, to simply wanting to try the mango cheesecake they advertise on the blackboard outside.
I can say that much from personal experience!
What I love most about this place is that it stands out from all the other lunch/coffee places in this area of Edinburgh.
The walls and menus are covered with Bollywood film covers, and the seats and ceiling are covered with bright coloured, sequinned drapes and throws.
Whilst the bright colours might not sound very relaxing, the seats are bean-bag comfy and the low tables give the whole place an authentic yet informal atmosphere.
The kitchen is all open-plan so you can see exactly how your food is being prepared.
I usually go for the spicy chicken roti wrap when I'm there, which just like the veggie and other meat rotis comes with 4 home-made salads, pickles and chutneys - which are always different every time you go.
For those less predictable than me, the counter is fit to burst with homemade pakoras, samosas and bhajis of various descriptions and fillings, which again are all served with the lovely sides.
The infamous mango cheesecake, whilst not as sweet as usual cheesecakes, was so more-ish I even thought about ordering a second piece.
No alcohol is served, but you couldn't ask for a bigger selection of soft drinks, ranging from the usual fizzy drinks you'd expect to the more exotic - my personal favourites are the Bundaberg Ginger Beer or the Rubicon Mango juice.
Don't miss... if you're a student, take your snapfax and get 50% discount on roti wraps and coffees.

This cafe looks nothing on the outside like it looks on the inside.
Which is probably why it took me so long to get to it.
In Delhi's on Nicolson street, which is a pretty busy street, as far as Edinburgh's concerned (though it's no Princes Street), so the bustle of people always seemed to keep it well hidden.
The outside is white with scrawling letters, and it has two large windows that show a whole bunch of colourful drapes on the walls, and similarly colourful pillows on the seats.
I can't really decide whether it's tacky and overwhelming, or quite comforting.
The pillows are definitely comfortable, in any case.
They serve a variety of Indian cuisine, as well as lassis, juice (passion fruit, lychee and more!
), delicious chai and coffees.
I had a desi coffee when I was there, which was FULL of cinnamon (always a good sign).
The food's normally less than a fiver, and you get a pretty good, filling amount.
Around the cafe, and inside the bathroom there are loads of magazine photos of Indian stars and they show music videos on a small TV.
I definitely recommend going in for a desi coffee (if you're a fan of cinnamon) and a vanilla flavoured chai if you're around the area and want to get away from the sirens and bustle of buses and cars on Nicolson street.

When I first arrived in Edinburgh, this place had only been open a fresh six months, and you could certainly tell by their low penetration pricing.
For one of their delicious chicken rotis meals, one could get away with paying £1.75!
However, they've certainly gained popularity and increased the prices along the way.
Don't take it the wrong way, their still quite cheap, and thankfully now making a profit on their meals, but I should still be allowed to grumble for the old days!
The rotis are cheaper, still coming with a Snap fax discount, as well as a salad and a little side of delicious stewed chickpeas.
It's also possible to buy a variety of snacks at the counter, my favourite being the pakora.
For a more wholesome meal, they've got a nice variety of curries, and I very much recommend you try their Desi chai tea, which is spiced, sweet Indian tea which has a tendency to make me quite sleep each time I drink it.
Having eaten at least fifteen roti's there (no joke) I especially love the charming and colourful Indian décor, the constant Bollywood movies playing on the flatscreen TV, and the Indian celebrity magazines they've got on hand for waiting customers!

10 to 10 in Delhi is a great little Indian coffee shop in the Newington area of Edinburgh.
It is really cosy inside, with a small seating area covered in brightly covered drapes and Indian music playing in the background - very authentically Indian.
Although it is quite small inside it could very easily feel cramped, but they have decorated it in such a way that it feels cosy and intimate.
There is a small counter at the back of the shop selling traditional Indian food as well as hot and chilled drinks.
10 to 10 in Delhi use authentic Indian terms on their menu when listing the food.
They have a range of dishes available such as pakora's and samosas and there is an impressive selection of vegetarian meals available too.
The staff are warm adn inviting and willing to explain what a particular dish is.
10 to 10 in Delhi is a great place to sit in or takeaway food to get a little taste of India.

10 to 10 in Delhi has a pretty cool name, and that was part of the reason why my mate and I first went inside.
The interior decor feels stylish and cosy with plenty of pictures and ornaments to make you feel like you've stepped into India.
The menu is extensive, with plenty of authentic Indian dishes, only some of which I had actually heard of before.
I went for the tandoori lamb kebabs which were delicious, spicy and served with really fresh salad.
It came in a nice, big portion and cost only about £6.50.
The service is friendly and efficient, making 10 to 10 in Delhi well worth a look if you're in the area.

Stepping in here and you feel like you've stepped into another world.
They have gone all out with the Indian decor- jewel coloured drapes cover the walls and cosy cushions fill the seats.
It smells incredible in here as well which immediately got my tastebuds excited... and they weren't disappointed.
The long menu means that you are bound to find something you fancy.
I didnt know what a lot of the stuff on the menu was, but that just adds to the fun and if you ask the staff for suggestions they don't look at you and laugh but explain patiently what the dishes are!
I was very pleasantly suprised by the prices which has made this a regular haunt for me for a full meal or just a coffee or cold drink.

Deceptively plain looking on the outside, step into In Delhi and you'll be transported to India.
The interior is decked out in multi coloured cushions and drapes and scarves, which make you feel like an extra in a Bollywood film.
This is added to by the fact they actually have Bollywood films playing in the background, sometimes a slight distraction but good fun nonetheless.
Also if you want to brush up on your Hindi they have Indian books that you can have a nose in.
The food itself is excellent and refreshingly different from most other places in Edinburgh.
It is a great mix of Indian and snacky food, like a more low key Mother India Café.
They do excellent curries which can be put into a wrap (the roti wraps), definitely the highlight of the café, but there are also loads of other Indian style nibbles to try.
These wraps, despite being reasonably priced to start with, are 20% off with a Snapfax.
They also have an excellent range of hot and cold drinks, including the Chai, which is amazing.
This comes with a free little biscuity cakey type thingy which, although I am generally not a fan of cakes, was pretty good.
The staff here are lovely and it is generally pretty cheap so definitely drop in for a great alternative to the standard sandwich bars that litter Edinburgh

Authentic chai, in Edinburgh, at last!
This little place is gorgeous, and smacks of India with its Bollywood movies in the background and chai simmering away on the stove.
Service is good, there is probably a little room for improvement in display and presentation of the deli section, but nothing that will put you off.
It's the kind of place I want to return to with a book and order a never ending pot of chai, lovely.

Nice!
The flatmate and i ducked in for a bite this past friday night, after recommendations from Yelp.
It's listed as a tea house within the restaurant section and until i got in it didn't realise that it really was just a tea house that did food and not a restaurant that does tea.
Saying "just a tea house" is really selling it short, though.
For £15 we got mixed plate of tons of starters, salad, 3 curries and drinks.
It said it included a slice of cake or Indian sweets which we weren't offered but to be honest, we would have struggled to fit dessert in anyway.
As for the place itself, it's cosy and really decked out like an Indian tea tent.
The Bollywood movies are highly entertaining but the Bhangra music can get a bit much.
Not enough to stop me going back, though!

What can I say about Delhi that hasn't already been said?
It's really lovely.
Gorgeous, cozy decor - bright hangings, comfy pillows thrown about, would really warm up a windy Edinburgh afternoon.
Delicious food - tried the lamb samosas and chicken tikka masala and they were both great, generous portions as well - and the prices so sinfully low, I felt a bit criminal, like I was robbing the place.
The service is very friendly and courteous and there's a great selection of teas.
It'd be a lovely place to while away a rainy afternoon, sipping on tea and nibbling on poppadoms - if you can get a table, it gets quite busy, and rightfully so.

Indian nom nom nom!!
So as a friend and I completed our awesome fancy dress outfits we decided that we needed some food to reward our efforts!!
We had been admiring the mosque kitchen and thinking of giving it a go!
my amigo pointed out a very true thing....it doesnt look very authentic!
It looks like any cafe/restaurant that could be serving anything so on we went!
We saw Dehli and inspected the menu, cheap we thought and with him being a student on we went inside.
As you go inside your eyes and other senses are assaulted.
The vibrant decor, the smell of the food, the music and the bollywood madness on the screen transport you to another world away from the bustling world outside.
One thing we did notice immedietrly was the high number of Indian customers!
There is a lot to be said we agreed for a restaurant if its a palce where the people of said country cuisine go to dine there!You kind of think ....yeah....this is going to be good!
After reviewing the menu we opted for the £14.95 sharing platter!!
After a reasonable wait we were not disappointed!
What appeared before us was a rorating platter with different dishes!
- lovely fragrant rice - chipati and naans - chickpea curry, - spinach and potato dish (alak gook perhaps im not good with names) - chicken masala - badjis with cous cous and salad with yogurt sauce!!
Also included for this price were a juice, I had gauva juice!
So damn goood!
Also included was a desert to share which was a mango cheesecake!!
The base wasa very buttery shortcake, with a cream rich cake with pieces of mango through it topped and decorated with passionfruit, raspberry and mango purees!
AMaaaaazing!
Jd - hugely happy man will be back here for sure!

If 10-to-10 in Delhi were a white-walled, standard café it wouldn't be getting as high a rating.
But it's not.
It is a gorgeous, small yet overwhelming little cave of a café covered in floor to ceiling with throws, occasinoal wafts of incense floating across the smell of curry and cutting through the Bollywood tunes.
Whilst my date was excited at the thought of actually sitting on the floor to eat (apparently partial to it) we weren't quite there, but the seats are low and cushy and comfy so it definitely lends itself to relaxed café culture than restaurant.
But then you order a huge plate of curry for lunch and wonder how you could justify this on a weekly basis.
I mean, you can't say you couldn't afford it considering it only costs £4 for a plate of steaming, fresh curry (£2 for their student deals.
Seriously).
And if you don't want curry there are cakes and amazing sounding coffees.
Mango cheesecake with an amaretto coffee?
Yes please.
It is just..magical.
Which kind of overshadowed the fact my curry was only so-so.
I ordered the daily special of lamb curry.
Presentation definitely lacking (see photo), but hey curry isn't exactly going for those brownie points anyway.
A bit sloppy, a lot of sauce, the 'steamed' turret of rice that goes a bit chewy quite quickly, very very small side salad.
The lamb was nice and tender, but there wasn't much of it.
And the curry was strangely not spicy...at all.
My date agreed her veggie curry was also not spicy.
Not even mild, just no spice.
It's hard to say what the taste was as usually there is some form of obvious spice, even mustard, cutting through mild curries.
So for the food itself, I would not rush back.
The cheesecake maybe.
But if you are short of pennies and want a very filling meal, in quite magical surroundings you won't find anywhere else in Edinburgh, then 10-to-10 in Delhi in the place.
I think it might be a case of they do some things really well (their chai lattes and cheesecakes) and it's good value and it's really kitschy and put together.
But for a foodie like me, I know I could get something far more flavoursome for only a few pound more.
Still, it was perfect for a lunchtime date.

10-10 In Dehli.
By no means, the freshest, or tastiest curry you will have in Edinburgh, but it's cheap and fast and friendly.
The pakoras were a little chewy, the curries were a little greasy, the breads were cut up too thin (why oh why did someone take time to make something less useful?!
) but god damn I got a big tasty plate of food for £6 I can't think of many other places that would do the same.
And a can of diet coke was a pound.
I'm so glad that's how they roll, I hate it when places charge you £2.25 for wee glass of draught pepsi, or a wee bottle of coke.
To sum up, not the finest, but you'll struggle to find better value.

My go to place when I am hungry, on a budget, but craving something tasty and worth more than what I paid!
I always get their Chicken Masala which seems to be a very popular dish here, which says a lot about how it tastes.
They also have tasty options for vegetarians (my vegetarian roommate loves it here).
For dessert, I always get their mango cheesecake... which...
I'm salivating now just thinking about it.
It's wonderful.
If you go here, you must get the mango cheesecake!
The decor is beautiful as well, with colorful drapes covering every square inch of the walls.
I wish they had a larger selection of dishes, but the selection they do have is tasty!
If you're craving Indian cuisine, want somewhere cozy to relax while eating, and you have only 4 pounds in your pocket, this is the place.

A quirky and effeminate little Indian cafe 10-to-10 in Delhi is almost ideal for the lunchtime curry craving, almost... Offering a basic selection of curries at good value (£4) it feels a bit mean to point out the curries themselves are very mild, obviously this is to cater to the widest audience possible but it left me craving another (spicier) curry.
The decor is much as early Holywood pictured a sultan's harem, the smells are at least in part from incense (at a guess nag champa), all in all for me 10-to-10 in Delhi is trying too hard.
The service was friendly and efficient, but based on the food and the fact I wasn't as enamoured by the decor as some, I find this place simply ok.

This is probably the main competitor of the mosque kitchen, serving cheap curry to hungry people.
I would much rather eat here though.
10-to-10 succeeds in creating that tranquil hippy atmosphere, the interior is quite a world away from the freezer outside.
Bollywood music, incense and colourful cushions and fabrics give the illusion that you're in some chai tent at Glastonbury festival.
That's a good thing, by the way.
Whilst the mosque kitchen delivers vast quantities of food in a canteen-like set up, here you get table service, a menu, and somewhere comfortable to sit.
Sure, the menu is limited, but it's not really that bad.
You are not going to find a cheaper meal anywhere-lentil dahl and rice or naan for £3!
It comes with a little salad and some couscous, which is a nice touch, considering how inexpensive it is.
I also ask for extra spice with the lentil dahl, as without it, it can be a little on the mild side.
Probably safer if they are making bulk quantities of one dish, as some people hate spice.
I have also had the chickpeas a few times, and my boyfriend has tried the paneer.
You can tell everything has been microwaved through, yet it was originally homemade, and this is the likely reality of most Indian restaurants.
You would be waiting a lot longer if you really wanted them to make it from scratch especially for you, and you'd be paying more.
The chai and mango cheesecake here also look interesting, though I haven't actually tried them so can't comment.
The service here is very friendly, but not in your face, which is quite refreshing.

I go to the Delhi Cafe about once a week - I can't resist!
I love everything about it (apart from the toilet facilities).
The food is cheap and delicious.
The curry is very flavourful, the naan bread just the right amount of garlicky, the rice is lovely and a refreshing little side of fresh salad and couscous comes on your plate.
Portions are the perfect size, enough to not make you feel like you'd want more, but not so much that it's a struggle.
Yummy, comforting food that doesn't leave you feeling over-stuffed.
The staff are lovely as well, very efficient and up for a wee chat.
What more could you want?
Love it!
(I'd give it 5 stars if they gave the toilet a bit of a re-furb.

This is probably my favorite restaurant in Edinburgh.
The atmosphere, consistent quality, low prices, and delicious options make this my go-to place when friends come to visit or when I'm just not in the mood to cook.
You really can't beat £3-4 for excellent curry in a cozy restaurant.
And it's great for students, as it's a 4 minute walk from the main campus.

Comida india fabulosa en un sitio acogedor con un dueño de lo más amable... ¿Qué más se puede pedir?
Nosotros nos habíamos apuntado este local después de leer las reseñas tan positivas, y tengo que decir que ha valido la pena.
Ya sólo por el postre hubiese valido la pena!!!
Mango Cheesecake... aclamado por Yelpers que tienen toda la razón.
Imposible no probarlo, y casi imposible no pedir más!
Pero antes del postre, comimos, y todo todo todo nos encantó - pedimos una tabla mixta para dos, con diferentes guisos típicos, chana masala, chicken masala, vegetable pakora, curry, aloo palak, arroz, naan y salsa de yogur.
También hay platos sueltos muy económicos (curry, sopa del día, rollos de Roti...).
Al final de la comida se acercó el dueño, nos trajo un libro de visitas a la mesa y nos invitó a dejar un comentario si nos había gustado la comida... una idea muy chula... El libro estaba ya repleto de halagos de gente de todo el mundo, y le prometimos que íbamos a escribir una reseña en Yelp en castellano, ya que en inglés ya había muchas... y ahí va.  Si estás por Newington o vienes hambriento de un paseo en Holyrood Park, aquí puedes comer súper bien y barato barato.
Además, hay cafés y chai para cualquier hora del día.
Nos daba mucha lástima no haber podido volver al 10-to-10 In Delhi, pero había que probar tantos otros locales en la ciudad... La próxima vez seguro!

Really tasty and cheap, lot of choice and delicious mango cheesecake !
Vraiment bon et pas cher,  beaucoup de choix et un cheesecake à la mangue délicieux.

I can not rave about this golden gem enough after eating here 3 days out of a 4 day visit to Edinburgh.
Food: everything you expect plus more.
Perfect amount of flavor, spice, and portions.
Started with the vegetable samosa which ended up being extremely filling as it comes with a side of chickpeas, small salad, and scoop of cous cous.
More than I expected that on my second visit I ordered the same, added a side of rice and called it a meal.
During my first visit I also had the lentils and rice.
I'm used to ordering yellow lentils but found their red lentils more puréed than solid, but still flavorful.
Second and third visit consisted of enjoyed their cheesecakes.
Just get it, trust me.
Service: treated me like we've know each other for years.
I definitely didn't feel like a visitor and of course contributed to the many reasons why I returned.
I was informed after my meal they only accepted cash.
After feeling embarrassed, their trust allowed for me to disappear for a while while searching for cash.
They greeted me back with a smile...that's where strangers became best friends!
Affordability:  A++++  Tips: chat it up with the staff, CASH ONLY, go back again, and again....and again.

Incredibly cheap and good with a nice atmosphere.
I even took my in-laws here when they were visiting.

