"Comfortably exclusive, yet ever so slightly saucy..." is what this club claims to be, and in my opinion it's a perfectly fitting description.
By far one of the nicest venues that George Street has to offer, Lulu is the nightclub attached to Tigerlily bar.
Although the venue itself is small, it has a lot to offer.
The bar staff are highly trained and can make virtually any cocktail you can think of, although its popularity means you do sometimes have to wait at the bar.
It's definitely worth it though, especially during the week when drinks are surprisingly cheap for George Street - on a thursday night there are several drinks under £2.50, and even on a friday Sea Breeze cocktails are only £1.50 each.
The club is open every night of the week, and each night is slightly different - Sunday is R&B and Wednesday is Old Skool Classics night.
The best night has to be friday, not only are there good drinks deals available but this place is always reassuringly busy and the pink carpet rolled out on George Street adds that extra touch of glamour.
The multi-coloured light-up dancefloor adds a touch of unique quirkiness to the venue, and for a special ocasion the club were more than accomodating when we contacted them about VIP packages - which were actually a lot more reasonably priced than you'd expect.
Expect to see a variety of ages here; monday and thursday are definitely more student nights, but most other nights of the week there is a good blend of twenty-somethings upwards.
I have two criteria for judging bars/clubs... the house wine and the toilets.
The house wine is certainly better than a lot of other George Street venues, and more importantly the white wine is always cold.
As for the toilets, scented candles, lots of mirrors and more than enough cubicles means Lulu certainly beats lots of other places in Edinburgh I can think of.
One thing I would say... hunt on facebook as each night of the week has it's own group, and through these it's very easy to get yourself on the guestlist otherwise entry can be quite expensive at weekends.

Lulu's reminds me of the type of club you see on shows like The Hills with its stylish interior and fine drinks.
The decor is so swish and fancy that you almost feel like its wasted on the hoards of drunk students, but luckily it doesn't ever feel like its full of students.
The clientele are always finely dressed and it has a real upmarket feel to it.
My sole attraction to Lulu's was the light up dance floor.
It was a novelty that kept us entertained for an hour or two and is quite a fun gimmick.
Plus on student nights the drinks are reasonable priced and it doesn't get too crowded like normal student bars.
They do a good cocktail range and the bar staff are trained well.
Even though its popular with students you do get the young professional George Street types who are oh so smartly dressed and sophisticated looking.
Each night is different so its worth checking the website to see which one tickles your fancy and perhaps get yourself on the guest list.
I think Lulu's is one of the better, nicer clubs in George Street as it just reeks of fabulosity.

Lulu is really trendy and cool.
It follows on from Tigerlilly, upstairs and maintains the ultra chic and glamour look.
The bar always has really good drinks deals (£1.50 drinks etc) and it's pretty easy to get served  - no more than 5 minutes usually - but don't count on that.
The music is sometimes good, sometimes bad.
Like any club, it's a hit or a miss.
The only downside of this bar is the size...it's pretty tiny.
I was once on the dancefloor and some of the roof fell onto my head - i'm 5"8, 5"10 with heels, yet my head was touching the roof.
What's up with that?!
That;s wack, man.
The toilets are nice, infact they should have made less room for the toilets and more room for the dancefloor.
When it's busy in here, it's totally uncomfortable and really awkward to navigate around.
And it's always busy in Lulu!

I came here for a friends 21st during my first few weeks of university, and I can say it has left a lasting impression on me.
Firstly, i remember its size - it was tiny, but it utilised it well, with lots of little nooks and crannies which you will find a huge amount of people crammed into.
The club itself is very nicely decorated and trendy, but really it wasnt my type of thing.
Amy G. hits the nail on the head when she said its like something out of the Hills - a funky place full of affluent and rich cool young people.
This can get a bit annoying when you are stood behind Tarquin who is telling everybody about his Daddy's yacht, but mostly its full of normal people looking for a cheaper version of other places on George Street.
Because really, that what Lulu's is - its George Street on a budget - but maintains all the fun and class of much bigger and more expensive clubs firther along the street.
Drinks are all around the £3-4 mark, which is good for this area - but with all discount places there are a few draw backs, staff are a bit rude and the place gets full very quickly becuae the bouncers try and cram as many people in before it becomes a health and safety issue.
Not bad, despite a few problems.

I've only been to Lulu's once and it was a really good night.
It feels poky inside but, somehow, they manage to fit a decent amount of people in.
The decor feels stylish and classy with beads hanging everywhere and cool coloured lights.
There's also loads of comfortable benches to sit and chat on with people.
The drinks are expensive, there's no getting away from it.
I remember a double vodka and coke set me back about £4 which isn't exactly a competetive student price.
Having said this, they do plenty of deals like pitchers for a fiver which can lessen the impact on the wallet.
It's got a pretty tight dancefloor which makes fro plenty of toe-treading, but it has a great atmosphere.
I'd certainly come here again as it was a fun night.
Perhaps not one for the claustrophobic though.

I generally don't like George Street clubs - the prices, atmosphere and people aren't really my scene.
But I have to admit I quite like Lulu; all three of the previous complaints are better here than anywhere else.
Downstairs from Tigerlily, Lulu looks like a bit of a cubby hole, and when you go inside it still looks small, but it is deceptively spacious.
At the back you have the dancefloor, with pointless but quite amusing coloured lights underneath giving it a very Saturday Night Fever feel.
The main area has good standing space and a load of sofas for when your heels get a bit too much (I would assume, generally not rocking the heels on nights out).
They have a VIP area as well, with its own bar and cool comfy chairs, fitting up to about 50 ish people (the VIP area, not each chair obviously).
Depending on days and times the door prices vary, but it seems to generally be: early about a fiver and later (past 12) a tenner.
This may seem steep but there are quite a few guest lists you can get yourself on to save a few pennies and sometimes queue jump.
Again depending on the nights the drinks deals vary but you can get spirit and mixers for about £1.50 to £2.50.
Just make sure you get the house spirits, sometimes the bar staff are a bit cheeky and try to give you the best vodka etc and charge you loads for it.
Overall it is a good club, probably the best on George Street, and if you like putting on your glad rags and dancing to chart / house / RnB then this is not a bad place to go to.

I am not the biggest fan of George Street/New Town clubs, but this is not actually in the same league of pretentiousness as clubs such as Opal Lounge or Po Na Na.
The club is actually pretty small, but it makes the most of the space it does have, and allows for more seating rather than a bigger dance floor, which in my opinion is the way it should be, as opposed to clubs like City that have hardly any seating and a huge dance floor.
However, on student nights especially, it can become very crowded, but the queues at the bar are surprisingly never actually that bad.
The entry price is quite expensive however, around £5, and you should look into getting on a guest list on facebook or their website to save some money.
Last time however, I some how unintentionally managed to walk straight in without paying anything.
The drink prices are pretty decent and you can get a double vodka and red bull for £2.50.

Oh, Lulu, the only time I've ever been in this establishment I was emotionally blackmailed into going.
I hate clubs on George Street.
Ponana and Opal Lounge are bad enough, but somehow Lulu's is a step below.
It has both an awful design and attracts the kind of clientele I generally avoid.
At least as far as that first experience goes: I was confronted by middle-aged women wearing ball gowns, who looked down their noses at us in our casual wear.
The music was appalling and the drinks were way too expensive.
I definitely don't recommend going, but if you find yourself there, you may as well splash out and drink until you don't care.

You can sort of tell what Lulu is going to be like purely because of it's name, which really sums up the "all fur coat and no knickers" situation that permeates across George Street.
It's attached to Tigerlily, the only place in Edinburgh to have a slapper dolled up like a League Two footballer's wife on the door 24/7.
That should tell you what to expect.
All the clubs here are pretty much the same, but I just find this one even more irritating than most it seems solely geared towards the more tiresome demographic of Edinburgh society.
Describing itself as "comfortabley exclusive" on the website is perhaps the final straw.
George Street is not Park Lane, the two Wetherspoons and numerous "To Let" signs adorning it should be all the evidence you need of that.
Cheesy, commercial music, mid-price drinks, Cliquey students during the week, and old boilers at the weekend.
You've seen it all before.
Despite the pretence that exists in the New Town, there are some great bars with plenty of character and atmosphere, surely there's room for at least one club to follow suit.

Went to Lulu for the first time last night with two friends and being a George Street regular and appreciator of the beautiful things in life I don't mind paying lots of pennies for a scrumptious cocktail or 5.
I also don't mind being in places that are a bit pretentious - sometimes you just want to have a girls night out in a place equipped with such luxuries as toilet roll and flooring your feet doesn't stick to.
We queued for about 5 mins to get in, paid £10 entry and I was happy enough with the lovely decor and cocktail menu.
The staff were friendly and served us quickly and when I asked the DJ if he would play a bit of Rihanna he did (not sure he'd have been so obliging if I'd asked for the Spice Girls).
It quickly went downhill when we headed for the small, grotty, packed dance floor and had to compete for space with Edinburghs finest selection of absolute creeps.
Being groped, grabbed and stalked by trolls and men older than our Dads wasn't what we'd envisioned.
When we were buying a round of cocktails at the bar one guy took out his black Amex card, literally twiddled it round his fingers and paid before we could protest.
And we would have protested because you don't want to feel like you owe anything to someone that self-assured.
There's generosity and there's entitlement and I think he was feeling the latter.
Money definately can't buy class and the pervy guys in Lulu seem resistent to both subtle and not so subtle hints/shoves.
We also had to queue for ages to get our coats from the cloakroom and paid £2 for the pleasure.
For £2 they should be ironing them for us!
A real disappointment...

This is a review of Lulu for a mid-week evening venue, for a business networking event in particular, rather than a Saturday night post-midnight dance-off.
It is mainly known for a late-night club, but thought it was worth to review it as a post-work place for a pint too!
I came here invited to a networking event, with prosecco served on arrival, small canapés handed out throughout the evening, and drinks at the bar as per.
All of which was very pleasant and nice.
It's in a basement, so even though it was 7pm on a summer's evening, it could easily have been midnight on a Saturday after all.
No windows, low ceilings, very low lighting in that forced sexy way that most clubs emulate.
Again, odd on a Monday evening at 7pm.
It's not so much a criticism of the venue as the networking event I suppose for choosing this venue.
The layout is quite cluttered with pillars, and low couches so there isn't one particular area that's open to stand (apart form the dance floor I'm guessing which I didn't see).
It was a full event and very, very noisy.
Low ceilings lead to bad acoustics, and most people were talking about the fact they couldn't hear one another.
The staff were friendly, the food was nice, the prosecco served chilled.
It was a nice venue.
But as an observation for coming here later at the weekend, it's small, I can imagine it gets very packed and sweaty and loud...but I suppose that's what clubs are about right?
As far as somewhere to go for a post-work drink mid-week, even if it weren't a networking event, I'd probably give it a miss as it has that weird 'out-of-synch' experience of making you feel like its always midnight on a Saturday due to lack of windows and basement level.
But then I don't think they're aiming at that particular post-work crowd anyway so it's no biggie.
That's what Tigerlily upstairs is for...!

Good tunes........hot birds.........crap bouncers.
3 on 1 fight and they left me to it....ace!

Not my typical venue for a night out but seeing as it was a friends 30th we enjoyed it a lot better than I normally would.
Taking the 30th birthday out of it, I have been here twice.
Once a few years ago when they still had the Saturday Night Fever-esque dancefloor and once just yesterday, where they seemed to have changed the over the top dancefloor to an over the top back wall that is full of LED lights that were imitating a fire at the time we were in.
The prices were above average and the bar staff were actually very nice.
Seeing as I have always been told that this is a club for posers, I was genuinely shocked at how much I enjoyed myself (my last experience of being in here isn't very clear, to say it nicely).
A few of the staff members were kicking about in corsets, 6" heels and leggings that looked like they were painted on which kind of spoiled it for me but personal morals aside, the club itself was very niced, maybe a little too cluttered with the seating area, bar area and dance floor all sort of merging in to one at no specific place.
Overall I had a very nice night here and would go back, so long as it was with a large group of friends.
Somehow I don't think my interest in checked shirts, jeans and trainers would go down too well with the "locals".

This was a funny place to end up on a night out with sixty (and then some) co-workers from our Amsterdam office.
It was not beautiful but it was fun to go to with such a big group of different people.
Very accessible, love the music.
Ceiling's to low.
Or maybe us dutchies are too tall.
Either way; funny place!
£10 is a reasonable entrancw price (allthough we spent a sh*tload of money the night before, how about some discount next time?

I love Lulu!
OK granted I was in the VIP section and got a couple of free drinks but its rare I find a nightclub I really, really like.
The dancefloor is epic, the music was great and I will definitely be back!

