The gym is 5 stars in my opinion, I've had no problem with the gym at all I love the facility and the staff is great.
I'll be sure to update after a personal training session.
But signing up has been a breeze.
Take advantage of the 7 day pass it's no pressure and the facility really sells itself and they seem to know that.
Been there at different times of day, even when it's busy you don't feel like you're on top of each other there is plenty of equipment and facility is kept very clean.
I enjoy the sauna and the steam in the locker rooms as well a nice way to unwind after a work out.
The Lifespa inside is another story, I had a terrible experience with the a manicure and pedicure that left me feeling not only insulted but overcharged.
Check out the gym, skip the spa!

Right there with ya Michael!
We had signed up with Lifetime while still under construction.
Did get a good rate then and was excited about the prospect of the place opening.
I had tried a couple of other gyms but whenever I was to have my appt with trainers they would call and cancel.
Thought that since I discussed this issue with sales guy who we signed up with at Lifetime and was told that this wouldn't be an issue I finally found a place.
What a mistake that was.
Same thing happened.
Had initial appt with trainer to go thru all the measuring and making up the routine and was supposed to have 4 more appts with her but either they day before or day of appt, phone rang, and gee who was it?
None other than the trainer or someone else calling to say I'm sorry, not feeling well, can we reschedule.
She couldn't even make the rescheduled appt.
I even tried to make appt with different trainer and when they called to say can we reschedule, I decided to just forget it.
Never went back again.
It's so easy for them to take money from you but when it comes to provided services that are supposed to be included in your membership fee, FORGETABOUTIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Gimmick - they say no enrollment fee but they want 69 admin fee.
Whatever.
The other lifetime fitness is only 69 enrollment.
Bullshit

I have been a member of this gym for over a year and have no complaints.
The staff is wonderful, the place is clean, there are plenty of classes to take,  lots of cardio equipment and weight machines.
Would recommend this gym to everyone.
Worth every penny.

I've now been with Lifetime for a few months, and still no complaints.
I think the evening employees could be a bit friendly.
I definitely prefer the day time front desk staff but aside from that it's great.
I had one rude locker room attendant but it seemed like she was just having a rough night in general.
I won't argue that this gym is pricey, but I've been to the lower price point gyms and the cost difference is evident in the atmosphere and the machines available.
My son is taking one of the kids classes now and loves it.
I would have no problem recommending this gym to anyone.

This place does everything but change the oil on your vehicle!
I've been a member for 4 years and have really enjoyed the gym a ton.
I've been to other Lifetime Fitness locations and really appreciate the staff at my LTF!
Everyone always, yes always, says hello or how are you doing; they even notice when I haven't been in for a while!
The pricing on the food/shakes could be a little easier on the bank account but tastes great.
I've been with other gyms in the west valley and have not found an atmosphere quite like the Lifetime Fitness in Goodyear.

Clean facility Nice staff Large variety of equipment Spa Steam rooms Topnotch locker rooms It's almost a mall with some gym equipment in the mix.
So far... it's been a great experience...
I would recommend you go give them a try if you haven't been to one before.
Hatch

I'm surprised to see the amount of people who are pleased with this gym.
Personally, I only gave it one star because it's not possible to give fewer.
First, Randy the instructor, is a total ass.
He is rude and arrogant.
HOWEVER, I know I'm not going to like everyone I come across in this world, so I overlooked that.
We let them know on several occasions that there was equipment that was not working...which never got fixed.
To top it off, the first day my kids were in the child care, my son ended up having to get stitches because another child was swinging a scooter around in the air and hit him in the face with it.
I'm sorry, but where the hell were the people who were supposed to be watching the kids???
When we brought issues up to the Member Service people, they told us that they had had numerous complaints about all of these areas, but no one ever puts them in writing so nothing is ever done.
Well, now it's in writing.
If I'm paying $150 a month, I expect better than this.

my family has been a member for almost a year now and so far no complaints from us.
it is much more pricier than our last gym membership but:  *they have tons of group classes to choose from and they're included in the membership (even the yoga classes).
*also included in the membership is 2 hours of child/infant care every time you use the facility.
let me just tell you, the kids center has an indoor basketball court, t.v.
area, kids restrooms, computer area and indoor and outdoor playgrounds.
*they have tons of cardio equipments to choose from and there is never any wait to use a treadmill, stair master or an elliptical machine.
*they have an indoor pool area (lap pools and play pools with a slide) that comes in very handy during the winter season.
*they also have dry saunas and steam rooms in the locker rooms.
i would highly recommend this gym to anyone.

I don't know how people complain about the prices when this is the premier "chain" gym in the entire state of Arizona.
You get what you pay for, especially with the facilities and cleanliness.
Cheaper gyms don't have towel service nor squeeky clean showers that LIfetime has.
I've been a member since they first came into Arizona way back when.
I lived in the East Valley so I was a member at the Gilbert location and sometimes frequented the Chandler one, next to Ikea.
What's very interesting is that even though Lifetime is a huge national chain, all their locations vary on layout and what they offer.
Also, they are open 24/7.
This is one of the main reasons I'm a member here.
I think they're one of the only ones open 24/7.
I sometimes go to work out after midnight and I like having the option to do so.
It's a trip when you go to a different Lifetime, especially if the floor plan is the opposite of what you're used to!
I know the Tempe/Chandler location has tanning beds, which I wish the Goodyear location had.
There are a lot of group classes available as well as very good child care.
If you take advantage of all that they have to offer, it is NOT expensive.
Also, the sales people are to the point.
They are not like Bally or LA Fitness where they try to give you a "deal" by giving you a year or two worth of membership, so they can literally take all the money from you up front.
I know so many people who have prepaid for their gym memberships and never go!
Lifetime is month by month so you can quit or place your account on hold.
Best "large" gym in Arizona!

OK...good things first: 1.
Great facilities...we chose this over LA Fitness which is closer to our house because we wanted the steam room... 2.
Usually no waiting on classes or machines at any time we have been there... 3.
Staff is mostly friendly and Club Manager personally spoke with us to help resolve some of the issues below.... 4.
2 hot tubs, so one is always open..other clubs seem to close it when I want it most..also  steam and dry sauna are very well maintained...I wish they were coed, but despite being in the locker-room, they require bathing suits anyway so I'm not sure why my wife and I have to split up to go in them...it tends to shorten our use... 5. they have good towel service for no extra cost  Now the negatives: 1.  soap/shower gel in shower area is poor...need a better gel/body wash 2. install "rain heads" in at least a few of the showers like 24 hour fitness... 3. locker room is trashed at 5AM..wet towels everywhere on floor...obvious night staff doesn't clean it up 4. there was SO MUCH the membership people didn't tell us during our signup....ASK ABOUT THE SMALL PRINT:  a.  was given one week guest pass and NOT told guests can't come in till 9am until I got there at 0500 before work!
Was told we could get 50 minute massage for $20 for first 30 days.
Was NOT told you have to AKS for the special NEW BEGINNINGS deal and actually had to cancel a 30 minute $40 massage after we arrived...then we were told that they DIDN"T GIVE THE CHEAPER MASSAGES ON FRIDAY OR SATURDAY AND THEY WERE BOOKING 13 DAYS OUT FOR THOSE......none of which we were told when we called to schedule or when we arrived...very embarrassing.
in Marketing, that's called BAIT AND SWITCH OR FRAUD for short....  c. Lastly, the FREE MyLTF bucks they promised EXPIRE in 30 days, so we quickly decided to use them for personal training...what we got was a high pressure SALES PITCH that rivaled ANY TIME SHARE PRESENTATION I've ever been to...we walked out after being told we needed to pay for "advanced VO2 testing, pay for a Nutritionist, and that our 4 free sessions wouldn't be enough to orient my wife with the machines because "they were used for basic teaching " and there was too much information she needed to know first before they could get to the workout....we specifically told them we wanted to use all 4 sessions to set up a workout plan for her (we are both experienced gym members and have used training before).
We were again told that what WE wanted would take PAID sessions and then told that OUR GOALS WERE UNREALISTIC AND THAT HE WAS GOING TO SET A MORE REALISTIC GOAL FOR US.
We were also told that the FITNESS TEST, which was offered as a FREE BENEFIT during our signup by our membership coordinator, would COST US ONE TRAINING SESSION...When I argued that that was not the deal they told us, he said "Well why didn't your membership guy schedule it then?
"  We don't have children in swim lessons and with a  30 day expiration date, these MyLTF Bucks are basically worthless to us...the spa is much more expensive than we would use for services like haircuts, nails, etc.
If you just want a gym to work out at, go to this club...if you plan on using services and LIKE HIGH PRESSURE, CANNED USED CAR-TYPE SALES PITCHES go to this club .....  READ THE FINE PRINT AND BUYER BEWARE.....

I LOOOOVE this gym!
It is never packed.
They have so many machines that the one you want is always available.
There are 3 large pools and hot tubs for relaxing, waterslides, group classes from 5am to 8pm most days.
The staff is always friendly.
One of the housekeepers even asked if she could move my tennis shoes before cleaning so that they wouldn't get wet.
The locker room is HUGE with a steam room and a eucalyptus steam room that clears your sinuses in just a few minutes!
Awesome facilities!

They have hidden fees.
15 bucks for even slight status changes, 30 day wait periods, manager unavailable to talk to.
Its easy to join, tough once you are a member

Love this gym!
Big, clean and the staff if very nice.

Pricey but worth it.
I got a 7day pass to use and fell in love with this place.
The locker room was always clean.
Unlimited towels to use, lockers (where you DON'T need to bring a lock because it uses your club card in exchange for a key), hair dryers, body wash in the showers, a sauna and the steam room with eucalyptus aroma therapy is something I miss terribly.
( I moved back home after school and was a member for 6 months)  This place felt so pretentious when I first walked in- then I joined after my 7 days was up.
Best decision I made in my life.
Everyone was so friendly.
I got two personal training sessions and Matt did a great job.
He wasn't pushy and didn't overly pressure me to buy anything...this led up to me buying more training sessions on my own accord.
I lost 20lbs with his help.
I would take my lady friends (even my mother in-law) here to hang out in a spa like environment.
The club advisers who signed me up would get me free passes for my friends to use so we could "get away" and relax at a gym.
This place was like a huge spa.
I always felt energized after leaving this place.
Who goes to relax at the gym anyway?
Always thought it was sweat and tears until I came here.
My husband got a couple hair cuts at the salon and I did a  Brazillian.
I was given a cup of hot tea and they put a hot lavender scented sash thing that helped relax my shoulders before my wax session.
The woman who did it was quick and very nice to keep me talking so I would be distracted from the pain.
I also let her know it was my first time.
I wish they would open up a club in my state!
However when I visit I'll definitely be picking up a 7 day pass and if I move back to AZ....I will not hesitate to join again.
They have successfully ruined my expectations of any gym out there- I simply cannot find a duplicate.

How I miss this place.....the pools, hot tubs, steam rooms.
I'll be okay since I can pay whopping $20 less a month and go to a 50 year-old YMCA in Pennsylvania ;(  Arizona is so fortunate to have new, nice gyms!

By far the best gym in the west valley.
It resembles more of a country club than a normal gym.
There are multiple pools, saunas, a full service salon and spa, not to mention all of the gym equipment and full schedule of group classes.

It's a great place for sure, with lots of services you won't find elsewhere, though my concern was whether I wanted to pay more for the opportunity to have a hair salon and masseuse I would never use.
But the fitness center is terrific, as is the pool.
HOWEVER, I wanted to give it the 7-day tryout before deciding and the 4th day of my 7-day free pass the woman at the desk pulled me over to the side and asked me to fill out paperwork I had already filled out and told me I'd have to meet with a sales rep again.
She said I would have to do it every day I used the free pass.
Which was interesting since this was my 4th day and only the 2nd time I'd been asked for it.
I told her I didn't have the time for that and I wasn't going to acquiesce to that kind of hard-sell pressure for a free pass.
So I walked out of Lifetime Fitness and signed up for Anytime Fitness' 14 day free trial.
I start today.

I had previously given Lifetime Fitness in Goodyear a 5 star rating.
I am adjusting it a bit.
To be fair, I wanted to break things down like this: Lifetime Fitness - GYM/Locker Rooms, pools, staff, etc (everything but the spa) 5 stars  Spa - massage - 4 stars, facials - 1 star*  see bottom of review for info   We love Lifetime!
I had been a member of Lifetime several years ago at their Roseville, Mn location and had an absolutely horrendous experience with the child care center there so I was very hesitant to become a member of Lifetime again.
My husband visited and joined and added myself and my son onto his membership.
We love it there!
It is so clean and all of the staff is so very friendly.
There is a wonderful spa with very affordabe massages and facials for new members.
The locker rooms are perfectly sanitized and super clean and you don't even need to bring a lock to "lock" your things away.
Towel service is provided.
There is just so much to do here - from an awesome indoor/outdoor pool area that includes waterslides to a climbing wall, basketball courts, and an amazing cardio and weight training area.
Neither myself nor my husband have ever had to wait for cardio or strength equipment.
I haven't taken a class yet but have observed a few while lifting weights and they seem to be worthwhile.
My son (now 5) LOVES the childcare center.
The childcare centers has an outdoor play area, a basketball court/gym, an indoor playground/maze area, a toy area, and an infant area.
For his age, the childcare is perfect and he loves it.
I have seen some younger children crying in the toddler area that were not attended to immediately and that was sad to see and a bit bothersome.
If that becomes commonplace I will update my review accordingly, but based on our experiences and for a child my son's age range - the childcare is wonderful!
I have had 2 services at the spa this past week.
The massage was good - not great and amazing, but average.
The facial was....infuriating.
The esthecian clearly had a lot of knowledge on the subject of facials but oh my goodness - she talked and talked and talked and throughout the entire 50 minutes all she did was try and sell me products.
I kept politely declining the product purchases so I could give my skin a few days to see if it broke out from the products she used, but she was the pushiest salesperson I have EVER been around - way pushier than any sales rep we met when signing up at Lifetime and way more aggressive than even any car salesman we have ever interacted with :(  My hour long facial consisted of her cleansing my skin using a sonic brush that she wanted me to buy for $190.00 and then she applied a masque and then a treatment at the end.
There were no extractions, no hand and arm massage as detailed in the spa services guide, no scalp massage as expected based on the description of the service.
It was very, very basic and was basically what amounted to an entire sales presentation.
Even though I kept trying to be polite and tell her I did not want to buy the products today - and then I was more direct with her - she still insisted on bringing the products to the front desk so I could pay for them while I checked out.
She did this before the facial was even over.
When she walked me to the front desk to pay I told the ladies that I was NOT going to be purchasing those products today and they were happy to oblige.
Skip the facials at Lifetime unless you want to pay for an hour long high pressure sales presentation.
update 7/28/2012 - I wrote this review right after my facial.
Sadly, after publishing this review, my face was experiencing some major drama from the facial.
Clearly, my esthecian did not know what she was doing.
I had deep, infected, nasty blemishes all over my face.

I spent a lovely week here at Lifetime on a free trial pass.
I LOVED this gym and I didn't feel a ton of pressure to join (although be warned, when you're on a trial pass you DO have to check in with your sales person every day before working out).
This is by far the cleanest gym I've ever been too, and the locker rooms are spacious, with clean towels and soap in the showers provided.
Being a casual swimmer, I particularly appreciated the water-removal system for bathing suits and the plastic bags provided to store your still-damp suit in.
They also have TONS of machines, ample treadmills, and a massive amount of classes.
The downside?
It costs $100 a month for a couple to join -- which is ultimately why I didn't sign on.
It's just a little too expensive for my meager budget, but if I had the cash, this would be the place I'd spend it.

Fees and inclusions: Yes, this gym is kind of expensive- $52/month for a single membership, $100/ month for a couple.
If you only want to run on a treadmill or lift weights, this might be overkill.
For those who like classes and want some luxury options (eucalyptus steam room, anyone?
) , the price is very reasonable.
Membership includes access to any class (except for the ones that use the reformer pilates machines) from spinning to hot yoga to core.
It includes access to both the indoor and outdoor pools, the saunas, and steam rooms.
And an insanely huge cardio area and a very nice selection of weight machines and free weights.
Classes and instructors:  If you enjoy classes, $52 is a steal.
Being a yoga fanatic, I feel like I am in heaven.
There are 2-3 yoga classes EVERY DAY, with hot yoga at least once a day.
Go price what it would cost to do yoga every day (or even 5 classes a week) at a local yoga studio.
The way I see it, I am getting a steal on yoga classes and everything else is just a bonus.
All of the instructors at Lifetime are fantastic.
Speaking about yoga, specifically, these are the best yoga instructors I have ever had the joy of taking classes from in my life.
The instructors in general are friendly, welcoming, and know what they are talking about.
I've taken the gamut of classes and have interacted with over a dozen instructors, and have never had anything other than friendly, pleasant experiences.
I've also never had to get a ticket to go to a class, so maybe that's just a Zumba thing?
Someone mentioned Randy, specifically.
I have taken classes with him and never picked up on anything rude, arrogant, or ass-like.
Equipment:  You won't wait in line here for a cardio machine, whether you are wanting a treadmill, elliptical, or stair machine.
When I enrolled, my member service guy told me to come to his office if I ever had to wait in line and he would make sure that I was refunded for that month.A few weight machines have duplicates, but there is a chance you might have to wait if you are wanting a specific weight machine and are there at a busy time.
I go several times each week, and any time a machine has ever been out of order, it is fixed within a couple days.
Personal training: When I signed up, there was a special for 3 free personal training sessions with your membership.
Unlike others who experienced a high-pressure sales pitch, I actually really enjoyed my first and second sessions.
My first was used more to discuss my nutrition, current exercise regimen, and fitness goals.
My "trainer" (Dustin) asked if I was interested in having a personal trainer as a long-term thing, and I explained that I was very comfortable with my current routine and meeting my goals on my own, so I was really only doing this because it was free.
He was okay with that and didn't try to change my mind, and used my second session to do more of a physical-therapy type session (which I loved) showing me how to properly stretch out the areas where I tend to feel soreness.
I was switched to someone else for my third session, and this guy (don't remember his name) was flaky.
He rescheduled me at the last minute 3 different times.
I ended up not using this third session, and used my credits to do a couple of yoga workshops, instead.
So, for personal training, it seems to really depend on who you get.
In terms of the fitness/health assessment, this was free and checks things like cholesterol, body fat percentage, range of motion, etc.
I was kind of skeptical of my results, because I am 5'6, 125-130 pounds (size 4), and have a fairly athletic body type, but was told that I should focus on losing weight because I had too much body fat.
You don't need to be a toothpick to be healthy, so I was actually kind of offended by this.
Facilities: I have never seen the locker room messy.
It is always clean, there are always lockers available, and the steam room with the eucalyptus is just luxurious.
I love that there is a separate family locker room for parents with opposite-sex children... it prevents awkwardness.
My only complaint is that you can't get a long-term locker in order to be able to keep a toiletry bag or other belongings at the facility.
I have had memberships at gyms that cost less than 1/2 of this one that have had that option.
So, overall, I think this place is well worth $52.
I'm not sure where other people are from if they consider this an "ungodly" amount of money... it is pretty average for a gym membership everywhere that I have lived, and more than reasonable for this level of facility and amenities... a downright steal if you take advantage of the classes.

I'm sorry for those that have had bad experiences at Goodyear Lifetime; however I can't say the same quite yet.
So far all couldn't be better- exept for two things.
Eric who signed me up, did an awesome job in presenting in everything.
The gym is always clean,super clean towels , always find an available clean working  machine, never overcrowded, plenty of classes offered to just join for no separate fees.
I initially met with a PT which didn't work out for me- so I chancged to meet with Charles and Annie, they both are awesome people to work with.
Not superficial at all, easy going, encouraging, no pressure sales.
My two setbacks are that I wish there were better massage chairs at the spa place- those chairs that they currently have SUCK major, it's a joke of an annoyig massage.
And I wish they would supervise the kids more and separate the little kids from the big kids, all that running around and comingling of big and little kids- is just asking for an injury.
I doubt that i would drop off my little ones with them just for that reason.
Otherwise this is a great gym- if i could I would spend half my day there - it's an awesome place to join.
It resembles a country club a top notch one.

We recently joined Life Time and so far we love it!
Sure it is a little more expensive than some of the other gym's available, but I like having everything available to me in one spot.
Not to mention because of the raquetball, rock climbing wall, spa and cafe this is somewhere my family can come hang out on the weekends and be active.
I am also looking forward to the weather warming up so we can hang by the pool and even enjoy the outdoor cafe.
There are plenty of cardio machines to choose from as well as weights, classes and activites.
If you can't find something you like to do here you are not looking very hard.
They have some great benefits that come with your membership if you just ask around and definitely do not be afraid to talk with the trainers.
I just started working with a trainer for the first time and I am excited about what is ahead of me!!
Stop by and take a tour-we did not get the high pressure sales pitch here like we did at LA Fitness and the facility is far better!

This is actually one of the nicest Life Time gyms in the country (I have been to many of them)... and it is also one of the least expensive (compared to the membership fees at the other Life Time gyms).
With that said, before moving to AZ, I was a member of a high end club located in downtown Chicago and paid less... so yes, LTF is expensive compared to some other options out there.
I think the membership fee is up to $54/month now.
However, they have very nice amenities including basketball courts, indoor and outdoor pools with water slides, child care with hours seven days a week, cafe, wireless internet, and a salon.
They also have plenty of free yoga, cycling, and activity classes available.
Overall, I'm addicted to going to this gym and won't consider going elsewhere (well, until the monthly fee gets over $60).

Good gym, bad experience with their childcare  Facilities are nice and access to equipment isn't a fight.
They do a good job of keeping things clean, as well.
You can't stop gym-goers who don't clean up after themselves, so can't blame them for that.
For classes, they can be hard to schedule with.
We've had the experience where "someone lost the paperwork" twice.
We also had a bit of an issue where a discount given by the gym was reversed by billing and we had to resolve it.
Regarding the childcare services, it's scary.
I left my daughter there once and came back to find her bawling in a corner with other kids throwing toys at each other.
The distracted teenage girls "watching" things were blabbing about their life drama without paying attention.
I asked them to handle the violent kids and they did, with apparently requisite eye-rolls characteristic of drama queens.
Another gym-goer (a police officer) and his wife told me later that the gym childcare centers are unregulated by Arizona law.
They found their kid wandering the hall once and no one could answer why or how.
So, they don't take their kids their anymore.
My wife and I followed their lead.
Really torn on the place with so many pros and cons, but it's close and ha lots of options...

While it seems a little pricey compared to other gyms, I feel that it is well worth it.
I have only had good experiences here.
Plenty of equipment, little to no wait time on the machines and weights, and it's open 24 hours which is very helpful for my schedule.
Staff is always friendly and the place is clean with regular updates.
Honestly,  I can't think of a single complaint.

Absolutely love this place!
It has many machines, clean, a variety of classes, and spacious locker rooms.
They even have a salon and location to eat inside!
Lifetime has classes from yoga, to zumba, to even kickboxing.
I recently took a yoga class and was impressed with the instructor.
She pushed up to the limit and even went over the 60 minute class session.
Although I do pay more than the standard gym fee, I feel it's worth it.
You don't have to wait for a machine, you can change up your exercise routine, and know that the location and equipment is clean and well taken care of.

The customer service in the childcare dept is subpar.
What is that all about, Lifetime.
It seems like the facility, when it comes to childcare, are more interested in telling the members what they cannot not do for them instead of what they can.
Other than this, the facility is great!
May cancel my membership if the childcare customer service does not improve.

You MUST go to the Lifetime SPA & SALON at the Goodyear location and see ANTHONY!
My 6 year old daughter and I go there and Anthony is the undoubtedly the VERY BEST!
I have been to many hair stylists and I have been unhappy with the results; however, I had a superb experience with Anthony!
He is the best of the best; he is very thorough and takes his time from the very beginning with the consultation down to the very end.
He offers the best hair care advice and tips for your specific hair!!
Simply AMAZING!
There is no doubt I have finally found my hair stylist and will be coming back!!!!
I recommend him to everyone I know, he is AWESOME!

Lifetime Fitness, I curse you for life!
Unfortunately, I never started working out until three years ago and only did so, because of health reasons.
Even more unfortunate, I ended up here.
Why "unfortunate"?
Because every gym I visit when out of town is measured against Lifetime Fitness and all of them fail miserably.
To work out here is to be spoiled and you don't appreciate that until you are stuck in a "lesser" gym.
First, let's be fair:  Lifetime is not a gym; it's a mall:  the only thing missing is Baskin 'n Robbins and if they could find a way to make it reasonably healthy, they'd probably install that in here, too.
The staff is a mixed bag:  management is, sad to say, fairly useless and many times worse than useless, getting in your way, when the best thing to do would be to crawl in a corner and recite company rules to themselves.
Like the military, it's the junior staff which runs the place and not management, which seems to be mostly interested in making sales, harassing trainers to harass you to sell training sessions and apparently having endless meetings with each other trying to figure out how best to oversell space in the hopes most of them will just not come back after a few weeks.
The many kids and younger people, who no doubt will move on to bigger and better things, are what make this place run as smoothly as possible and they bust their humps to do it.
Thankfully, management only goes schizo now and again and, for the most part, the trainers aren't pushing you to buy their services ... for the most part.
Some trainers are incredible and will gladly give advice when asked, even though it won't yield them a cent and they're under a lot of pressure to bring in clients.
Some trainers, on the other hand, would be best to try their talents as drill sergeants or something perhaps a bit more sensitive ... like working for a collection agency or bounty hunter.
The machines are mostly new; some do break down, but this is to be expected from the huge amount of usage they go through and the abuse they take  (advice to the more insecure among you out there:  lifting weights with grunts and then dropping them from 6 feet up does not make you a "man"; a man treats other people's equipment with respect and realizes they're not the only ones using it.
We won't even bother to talk about cleaning up after yourself.
Apparently, many of you think maid service is included in your membership dues).
The outdoor pool is huge and usually clean; unfortunately, also usually very crowded.
The indoor pool is OK, but usually as cold as my freezer  (and do we REALLY have to use so much chlorine, that you choke upon entering the room?).
Locker rooms are nice with their own locks and lots of room; the showers and steam rooms can be very clean, can be very dirty  (the latter especially so on weekends and late at night).
Most of the people who go there are cliquish or seem to fear looking you in the eye for fear that might mean you'll rape them in the showers.
I don't know.
Luckily, the staff makes up for the lack of friendliness among most of your fellow gym-goers.

You'll pay more than your "typical" gym here, but I think it's worth it.
I'm primarily a runner so I don't visit often.
When I do, it's in the wee hours of the morning.
I love the openness of the gym and that there is little or no wait time for favorite equipment, even during busy times.
I thought about switching to another gym because of the price, but I can't bring myself to do it!

nice and clean

Not a good experience here at all.
Do not use spa, no bathrooms, had to go to the family bathroom in my robe, inexperienced masseuse.
Signed up for a trainer session and it was nothing but a sales pitch.
Pool closed a lot, hair in showers and not clean.
A complete joke, not a gym......more like a sleazy car dealership.
I contacted management several times and no response!

I started going to this gym because, like everyone who goes to the gym, I wanted to improve my physique, but after taking Marcy V.'s Hot Vinyasa Yoga classes, my focus shifted.
Although my physique, flexibility, stamina, and balance have all improved substantially, I've become less concerned with fitting into my skinny clothes and more concerned with my health and happiness.
It's a great feeling.
Aside from their incredible yoga instructors, the services and amenities here are top-notch, the staff are generally very friendly, and you can't beat the views of the desert sky and mountains you get from the massive windows upstairs.
I highly doubt I'll ever become a member anywhere else.

The most amazing gym I have ever been to.

Lifetime IS as good as it gets!
I love my gym!
The staff is extremely friendly and the class instructors are great!
I am a yoga fanatic and they offer multiple classes throughout the day which is really nice.
I take yoga 5-6 times a week here and love it!
The locker rooms are extremely clean; the entire club is very clean.
I really enjoy working out here and refuse to work out anywhere else...
I'm addicted!

Ahhh Lifetime Fitness..
Probably (my opinion) the best gym around.
The gym is open 24/7 which helps me work around my schedule.
The staff are really great and very friendly.
I've been going consistently since 08 and lifetime is always trying to improve the experience for us!
Great gym, a little pricey compared to other gyms, but well worth the money (IF you go consistently).

I've been going here since September of last year and I still love it.
I have an awesome trainer who helps and educates his class.
It may be a bit pricey but to me it's worth it.

Nice clean gym with plenty of workout equipment.
Some hits and misses: Hits Generally clean, open 24hrs.
Friendly staff.
Restaurant on site.
Misses Basketball courts are soft with lots of dead spots.
Nearly every time I go there is at least one weight machine out of order, sometimes it takes a few weeks to fix.
Basketball nets are frayed, once when I reported one that was torn so much the basketball gut stuck.
Rather that replace it they tied the broken string together.
I am paying $100 per month for me and my wife, I think they can afford $10 for a new net!
Never had a trainer stop and ask me if I needed help on a machine, they are only helpful when I stop to look at the display cases and they think I want to buy something.
The "interview" after we joined was not fun, the trainer was aggressive and only interested in selling us training programs and personal training time.
The checkout counter is not open much of the time, if you want to shoot baskets you usually have to bring your own ball.
After I signed up I still got phone calls and e-mails asking if I still wanted to join the gym.

I signed up for this gym over a year ago on a month by month basis.
The gym and staff are great.
however, upon losing my job, i was told i need to send a letter asking for cancellation.
I sent the letter and it appeared the matter was over.
They have continued to bill me $149/month for over a year now.
they send me to their collections department when i don't pay.
Each person i talk to on the phone says i need to mail a letter or they cant cancel.
they also say that they need 30 days notice to cancel.
This is a scam to keep you going from month to month and to keep taking your money.
In total they have stolen $1500 from me and my family.
I have contacted corporate and they say they have done nothing wrong and can't help.
"the money is for access to they gym, it doesn't matter that you haven't been to the gym in over a year.
If you go here, make sure you cancel in person and get something signed and dated from a manager.

