I have been to fields all over the US playing on different teams and the first time I went to LVPP I was very impressed by the staff and the condition of the rental equipment.
The Park was also suprisingly,  spacious enough to host and XPSL event back in it's "hay-day".
Another point that really impressed me was that there was actually a place to get something legit to eat.
Lot's of Parking!
Also since the last time I was there the guys have added turf to the "tournament" field and a pro shop!
And there are NO POLES IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FIELD like the other "guy"...LOL...
I highly reccomend LVPP and will be the only place that I'll play at when I'm in Vegas and have to get some practice in!

first paintball experience ever for a company event and i got tore up.
the pain is addicting after awhile.
at first you're just like #(#$#($#@)*$$#&*, then after the initial shock wears off you're like yeaaa, battle wounds bitch!
my review could be biased as i don't have much to compare too, but the staff was really helpful, and knew what they were doing.
the place is quite huge.
i was told there would be a concession stand, but it wasn't open at the time we went.
i have been wearing my bruised ass body with pride.
will definitely do again!

Las Vegas Premier Paintball is a great place to play whether you're a first timer or a hardcore tournament player.
There are 3 fields currently.
2 scenario and 1 speedball field.
The beginner to intermediate  players tend to gravitate towards the scenario fields while the more serious players stay on the speedball field.
It's easy to find a good game at every level.
The scenario fields have lots of obstacles which makes it easy to move across the field quickly if you're an aggressive player.
Or you can take a more stealthy approach as well.
The possibilities are limited only to your preferred style of play.
The speedball field is turfed and well maintained and you'll find the more serious players there generally.
Almost every game I've watched has had lots of paint being traded and lots of aggressive players diving and moving quickly.
Lots of fun to watch and to play in there as well.
The staff is very friendly, knowledgeable and helpful.
LVPP is very first time user friendly.
They make you feel very comfortable with the sport and the rental equipment is well stocked and maintained The referees on the field do a great job of keeping the game fair and fun.
The price for paint is decent and they stock mid to tournament level paint every time I've visited.
I highly recommend LVPP for your paintball experience

My boyfriend's birthday was coming up and I needed to plan something special.
I had about a week to plan it and wasn't sure if it was even going to be close to enough time, but Las Vegas Premier Paintball accommodated our needs perfectly.
We had a group of 10 people attending, so we were able to qualify for the group pricing.
Each player paid about $50, which wasn't bad considering it included all the rental equipment (face mask and marker) and a ton of paint.
The markers were a tad bit heavy, so if you're weak like me, get prepared for a bit of an arm workout.
They have 3 different scenarios which you can play in.
The first one is speedball, which just has a bunch of inflatables around the "map" as I like to call it.
The other two scenarios are themed, and have many different areas for you to hide behind.
This place was great and I recommend it to anyone looking to have some paintball fun.
Be warned though, it is a little painful!

I played all over the West Coast, and by far this is the worst place I have played yet.
There are several things which have been a determining factor in coming to this conclusion.
The staff was not all on the same page- when I asked about the Chronograph speed, the girl at the counter told me 250, I asked some kid in presumably the manager, and he tells me 285, then I ask one of the "Refs", and he tells me 300; Ok?
Safety doesn't seen to be at the top of anyone's priority list; for rec ball or any style of play, no one should be lifting their masks on field, and people should be walking around with their barrel covers and fingers OFF the trigger- get the picture?- Basic Gun Saftey.
This place was lacking enforcement.
Why even have a ref if he/she is not facilitating games?
The supposed ref was doing nothing more than walking around the whole time I was there.
Customers were pretty much calling the shots on field, so what do they really know about "paint checks"- making sure a player is actually hit?- Nothing.
In summation, I didn't feel safe or taken care of at all coming to this place.
GO ELSEWHERE.
Note for experienced player- NO 4500 fills either

PROS:  Staff is super friendly.
Great courses and obstacles.
CONS:  Very unorganized, none of the courses had referees as promised when we signed up.
We were promised player matching based on skill but we (first timers) were placed in matches with guys with much better skill, equipment and knowledge of the course.
Not super safe.
We were given basic safety instructions but I never once saw it enforced, i.e.
safety plugs not being used, masks off of some players.
Players reentering the course etc.
Equipment was in a terrible state of disrepair, we had four players and we had 12 gun malfunctions before we finally gave up.
Masks are provided but the lens are so scratched that it was hard to see.
For the price paid, we expected more.
We release this is not a cheap day and for that we the CONS listed not to be a factor.

The ONLY reason this place deserves one star instead of zero is because of the staff.
They are friendly and will do what they have to to help people out.
I can't say enough about them!
The downside, there aren't enough of them.
I have been to this facility a number of times and have only seen a ref once or twice on the field.
Otherwise, we're reffing ourselves.
There are three fields currently.
Two are scenario and one is an Airball field.
I say currently as the owner claims they are building a fourth but as of writing this, it is not completed.
The Airball field is ok. Its a little dirty but playable.
If you can get on it that is.
In the times I've been there, I've only gotten to play on it once.
The other times it was being used by their team or being rebuilt.
It really comes off as that field is only there to help their team practice and the others are there to support the facility.
As for the quality of the two scenario fields, it is quite poor.
They are dirty and last time I was there, the cover was literally falling apart.
We had to put pieces that had fallen down back up ourselves.
I almost tripped a few times while playing because I didn't see a pallet or a piece of plywood that had fallen over.
The paint is also priced at a premium for low quality.
The shells are hard and do not break consistently.
If you go to the next step above their rec paint, it is better but, priced once again to high for what it is.
You can get the same quality paint as the second tier stuff from LVPP from Vegas Xtreme Paintball for a fair amount less.
On the up side, you can bring your own paint to LVPP.
The rentals are terrible.
They are mainly old, used, abused, and neglected Tippmann 98s.
I've had a number of my friends as well as myself go through multiple rentals before one that worked properly was found.
Bring your own marker if you want to have fun.
As I said earlier, I did speak with the owner of the place.
He seems like a nice guy but was really pushing hard to sell his fields.
(He also owns Club Splat.
) I can't say I fault him for that as it is his lively hood but, I just wish he took better care of the fields.
Better care being keep the fields in better condition, not selling really poor paint at a premium, better maintained rentals, and actually having enough staff to ref and take care of all the fields.
From what I was told from him, now that Club Splat is done, his focus is going to be on LVPP and I hope it honestly is.
The field needs a lot of TLC.
As mentioned above though, he was selling his fields quite hard so I can't say if it is true or if he was just trying to talk them up.
Only time will tell.
As a whole, I have been very underwhelmed with this field.
The only reason I have gone back has been convenience of its location and my first choice being closed for a tournament.
If you want to have a good time paintballing, go to Vegas Xtreme Paintball.
Their rentals, fields, and the facility as a whole are better and the paint is better priced for the quality you get.
Not to mention, they are fully staffed.

Fun spot.
Wednesdays are always decent as the locals come out and entry in free with paint purchase so that sweetens the deal.
Saturdays and Sundays are always bringing a lot of people to play as well.
Overall it's fun and the staff is nice and prices are good and they will match and online or other local fields prices on anything.
They also usually have a wise selection of paint from empire Hotbox to RPS Premium to evil.
Just gotta watch out for the Fat guy that stays in back the whole time whipping during games, most know what fat ass I'm talking about and if he is playing just hit him with a whole hopper at him or bunker him and he will call himself out Other then that best place in town to ball!

Just did my sons birthday yesterday.
The Staff is amazing.
The Ref of our group was fun,  He would talk to the kids and get them all involved.
I can't wait to go back.
I think the place could use so upkeep but we are not there for that..  My rating for the staff out weighs the grounds

