Had a couple of excellent meals here and plan on many more.
The huge menu demands return visits!
If you feel overwhelmed by the choice on offer the staff are happy to suggest dishes.
It's unlicenced, but there is no corkage so pick up some booze from one of the off-licences on Nicholson Street.
A tip though: it's a family-run place with a small kitchen staff, so go early, especially if you're a large party.
The food is well worth the wait though!

As someone who's not usually a fan of indian restaurants, I have to say i love this place.
Run by two generations of the extremely welcoming Ali family, Kismot offers all the usual dishes you'd expect to find in on the menu in an indian restaurant, but what sets this place apart are the things you certainly wouldn't expect to see.
The chocolate naan bread, although it may sound strange, goes extremely well with the spiciness of a curry disha dn is definitely worth trying.
What i wouldn't recommend to anyone but the bravest is the "spiciest curry in Scotland" according to the menu and all the staff.
I wasn't plucky enough to give it a go myself, but i having spoken to people that have, I'd say it's definitely not for the faint-hearted!
In contrast to so many family-run local restaurants, the décor in Kismot is upmarket, clean and elegant.
This, combined with the unique atmosphere and great choice of dishes to choose from, is what I think makes it such a success.
For curry and rice/naan for two people you can expect to pay £25, and there is also the option of BYOB.
Definitely worth a visit, especially if you're looking for somewhere to cater for large groups.

This place sets the standard for a family run restuarant.
it feels like your guests in their home.
The food is outstanding, choclate Nan was a bit sickening at first.
But i found myself eating the whole thing.
For a main I got the Lamb Biryani with some mushroom bhajee on side, everything was perfectly cooked (especially the bhajee, these guys are the only people in the city that do it right).
It's all very cheap too!
Please visit!

Kismot, you are one of the most impressive restaurants I have been to in Edinburgh.
There are two parts to this story that show why I think this.
FOOD: Just superb.
Easily the best Indian food that I have eaten thus far.
I was part of a large group of over 20, and we paid a fixed price each to get a large number of naans and bhajees, and a selection of different curries along with plentiful amounts of rice.
All of the curries were incredibly tasty, and most of them didn't last long at all on our table.
Kismot also provides some interesting dishes that I have not seen replicated anywhere else.
You can get chocolate naan (no, that's not a typo!
), which sounds worth a go, although I haven;t tried it myself.
They also serve what they call the 'Kismot Killer', a stupidly hot curry that sounds more like torture than food.
If you can eat it all, you get it for free, though their website suggests, and I quote: "It is recommended that you put your toilet roll in the freezer when you return home.
"  You actually have to sign a disclaimer before you eat it!
SERVICE:  The restaurant is run by a family team, with the parents in the kitchen, and the eldest son commanding the front of house.
It goes without saying that the parents do a great job behind the scenes in the kitchen.
It is the front of house experience that puts the icing on the ca.....curry for me.
Throughout the meal, we were attended to in the ideal way - attentive, but not intrusive.
Orders were taken in a cheery manner, and he even joked with us as we sat and waited.
His manners were truly impeccable, and he saw us out of the restaurant personally at the end of the meal.
I have never before or since experienced better customer service.
As you can see, I LOVE this place.
You just have to go there.
Cancel tonight's dinner plans, and make a reservation at Kismot.
You will keep coming back for more!

Without a doubt one of the finest Indian restaurants in Edinburgh.
The inviting and friendly atmosphere, of which the Ali family are very proud, immediately creates a pleasant eating environment.
The food itself is excellent, combining the traditional dishes you would expect of any self-respecting curry house with a wide array of regional specialities.
Particularly good is the North Indian Chilli Garlic, and as a man who doesn't like to have his palate destroyed by excessive spice, its strength (as with all the dishes) can be adjusted to your taste.
And why not accompany your curry with the strange sounding but weirdly delicious chocolate nan bread  Although alcohol is not served, there is the option of BYOB with the added advantage of no corkage.
Kismot pride themselves on a fun atmosphere and as a result it is an ideal place to book large parties, with their group menus affordable and surprisingly varied.
Overall then an excellent place, whether for a great group night out or if you want to try the infamous Kismot Killer, vying for the place of spiciest curry in Scotland.

Thank you to the Yelp community for turning me and my family onto Kismot.
We were not disappointed.
What an incredible dining experience!
I am visiting Edinburgh from NYC and I really wish I could take this restaurant home with me.
It is a truly "family run" establishment.
We were greeted by the sons of the husband and wife chefs who work together to make every homemade item on the menu.
I wish I had written down all the dishes we had but I can tell you that no matter what you order you will devour every morsel.
In addition to the outstanding food (my entire family agreed: best Indian food we have EVER had... and we have had a LOT!
), the service was top notch.
Everything came out in a timely fashion which was so impressive since it was obviously homemade.
We got a chance to meet the chef after the meal to praise him and tell him about his fabulous yelp reviews... and then promised to write another to make sure he maintains that 5 star rating he so deserves.
To anyone visiting Edinburgh... you MUST MUST visit Kismot.
We will definitely be back before we depart.
Thank you Kismot for a superb experience.

We just returned from dinner at Kismot with mixed reviews.
We ordered the family curry (literally the curry that the owner-family makes and eats itself), saag panir (spinach with cheese curry), vegetable samosas and two kinds of bread -- naan and garlic paratha.
We were welcomed by a very genial host and were ready to love it.
However, the samosas were teensy tiny little triangles in filo dough.
The filo and two sauces that came with it totally overwhelmed the thimbleful of stuffing.
We then waited  and waited and waited for our main courses and bread while people who arrived after us ordered and were served.
Our order wasn't  odd or difficult so I'm not sure what the lag was.
Usually filling time before dinner conversing with my companion is a joy but we'd had a challenging day and the wait was just too long.
Finally the food arrived.
The family chicken curry was delicious but I'm not sure it was what I'd actually ordered.
The owner and 'warned' me that there was some unusual lemon/lime fruit in the curry that was typical of Bangladeshi food and you could only get it if you have a Bangladeshi friend or traveled there.
I was feeling adventurous so I ordered it.
The dish was really yummy but nary a Bangladeshi lemon in the whole thing.
I asked the host about it and he said the lemon was in the sauce but, seriously, I know what lemon tastes like and it wasn't there.
Whatevs.
The naan bread was very good too.
On the other hand, the saag panir  was seriously under-seasoned and just didn't have much flavor, very atypical of Indian food.
The garlic paratha was good while hot but not palatable once it got cold.
We were expecting to be wowed based on all the Yelp reviews but this one only gets 2 stars for the underseasoned food and the long long wait.

A real family run affair, Kismot serves some of the best curry I have eaten in Edinburgh, rich, flavorful and depending on your choice hot.
The staff are personable and have a real love of curry, and are happy to recommend dishes if you fancy something different.
Alongside the curry they do something special when it comes to nan bread, to be precise chocolate nan, any chocolate bar you can think of has likely ended up inside a Kismot nan at some point.
It can be a little theatrical when someone orders a Kismot killer (google it), but this all adds the the welcoming atmosphere.
Overall I would recommend Kismot, great curry and service.

Went on a team night out to Kismot at Christmas and it was fantastic.
The service, from the detail they went into at the booking stage (we were a group of 11) to the welcome we received on the night was authentic and real, and I immediately started recommending it to people even before I ate my first bite!
We had a sharing menu, which was fabulous value for money.
There was so much food we couldn't finish it.
Extremely useful to know that it is byob and (at the time of writing) there is NO CORKAGE charge.
Yes, no charge!
How refreshing.
This is a not-many-frills place, plain tables and decor, it's all about the food you see, so if you are happy with that before you go your expectations will be blown away and you will have a great night.
It is efficient, clean and friendly, like all the best places in town.
The chicken and mango curry was a hit as were the huge pakora that came out as starters.
Absolutely lovely family fare.
Have a great time when you go - this is some of the best curry in Edinburgh.

We visited Edinburgh, Scotland during Spring Break and heard about this restaurant.
The entire family was extraordinarily nice and welcoming.
We ordered the Korma and Vindaloo.
The pickel tray was amazing with all the breads.
We also tried the okra and spinach side dishes and that were perfect.
My 6-year old loved the Tandoori Chicken and chocolate milkshakes.
We will definitely come back (all the way from Texas)!

Others may be so inclined to usher you towards The Mosque Kitchen for some traditional food, but they'd be doing you a massive disservice.
Kismot is absolutely one of the tastiest restaurants in Edinburgh.
I've been a handful of times, and each time it has been stellar.
A recent development that left me a bit underwhelmed was their menu redesign.
The menu has been drastically cut and the star rating system has been scrapped.
Now, you're left with merely three levels of heat, mild, medium and hot.
I take heat relatively well and medium had me sweating in my seat.
In case you're wondering, they also offer the Kismot Killer challenge for £20 (I think).
It's a ridiculously hot dish that is 99% chilli seeds.
Our friend from Bangalore was pressured into accepting the challenge, and he was less than thrilled to be eating it.
After three big hulking bites he quit.
The staff here is stellar.
They are super nice, talkative, accommodating and knowledgeable.
If they take a liking you may even meet auntie in the back!
The only reason this place is receiving 4 stars and not 5 is the loudness.
The place is very open and conversations echo quite a bit.
Therefore... if a stag or hen party is there then you may as well assume you won't be hearing much else than their banter.
The place is BYOB!

Very friendly service with some secret recipe treats included to make the meal more interesting and fun.
Good selection of curries, but get there early or book ahead.
Plenty of vegetarian options too.

This may be the best Indian I have ever had.
I've had several curries on this long trip, but wow - this one wins the prize.
They are also BYOB, which is fairly common in the States at Asian and Indian restaurants, but perhaps not as much here?
So it was a very nice treat to bring loads of wine and beer for the group.
Dimly lit, casual atmosphere, and friendly service.
There were about ten of us in a group, but everything went really smoothly.
Started with some delicious chicken pakoras with a few different sauces, then followed it up with the chicken deshi khani and a side of the best, freshest sag alu I've ever had.
The deshi khani is advertised as being "limited availability," and a special, particularly authentic curry.
Spicy, rich, and succulent, it was one of the best curries I've ever had.
And the sag alu!
Not the fatty (but delicious) creamy spinach you usually get at Indian restaurants, this was fresh and brimming with spice.
Would've been happy to get it as a main with paneer, but I didn't think to do so because I figured it would be pretty standard instead of spectacular, and I was wrong!
My friend ordered something they used to serve but is no longer printed on the menu and they still make it for her.
Fragrant pilau rice and hot, crispy garlic naan made this such an outstanding meal.
I'd beeline here the next time I was in Edinburgh because as far as I'm concerned, this is as good as Indian gets.

We did some intensive research on where to eat for our recent trip to Edinburgh and are so glad we stumbled on this true gem of a restaurant to experience.
I'd checked out the menu and website so was really looking forward to the 'family run' and 'authentic' Kismot.
Even from the initial call to reserve our table there was warm and friendly service and a cheeky chappie attitude!
We arrived in a taxi as the actual restaurant was situated outside of the City Centre where we stayed and even the taxi driver had heard great things about the place!
We were greeted like family and it was clear from how busy the place was that it's a favourite of a lot of people.
We'd considered taking beer as it's BYOB Establishment but decided to try sample the novelty of just the curry instead.
The staff were very buzzy, and we were seated in the corner by the window where we had ample opportunity for people watching and the to see into the kitchen which is a great experience in itself!
(the mam and dad do the cooking and the boys/cousins/uncles do the waiting on!
)  We had poppadoms to chow over while we considered the menu and with them the BEST pickle try ever- all were tasty, tangy and plentiful!
We ordered a starter to share and i just had to try Kismot Naga pickle- just to be able to say I'd tried it!
(the Mr had a sweat on just thinking about it!
)  Well- it pained my insides so PLEASE take care should you feel brave enough to try it!!!!!!!!
The small pot of it which was brought was sufficient to taste but not over indulge!
The starter of mixed tikka was HUGE!
All the meat was of a good quality and the salad was a nice accompaniment.
The staff were very attentive and when we had a time to wait or a break between courses one of them always came over to check we were doing OK and just have general chit-chat!
We honestly felt like very special friends.
For main course we had- Lamb Ada- cooked with fresh ginger, tomatoes, lemon & methi leaves and strong Eastern Spices.
Chicken Zeera- roast cumin seeds, fresh herbs & coriander.
Garlic Nan.
Again, the portions were HUGE, not really a complaint but the 'not so skinny brother'  might have taken a bit of offence that we were well and truly stuffed and seemed like we hadn't even made a dent in the food and had this not been the 1st of out 2 night stay we would have certainly taken the rest home!
The meat was great quality and the flavours just as described, definitely notes of food made with experience and love.
The bill was almost embarrassingly minimal for what we had enjoyed but it just shows you don't have to pay over the odds to get truly good food and great service!
We had a great time at this place and have recommended it to everyone who will listen for when they visit Edinburgh.
We hope to get back to it one day.

Kismot shuts for a family holiday in February, it closes for almost a whole month and this is one of the reasons for my increase in curry reviews... That month made me realise that while some other purveyors of curry are really good, I rate Kismot above them.
They also recently reworked the menu, dropping a few of the less popular specialities and streamlining it.
It now separates the curries by spiciness, so depending on what you fancy you can focus on one part.
As the old adage goes, absence makes the heart grow fonder, Kismot has earned five stars from me, I keep coming back and it really is the best curry in Edinburgh.

I am not sure why I haven't done a review of Kismot earlier as this is one of my favourite  restaurants in Edinburgh.
I have been coming here for a number of years and I think this is due to the proximatey of the Auld hoose - alternative music, a couple of brews and then onto a curry.
Cannot beat that of an evening for me.
Onto the restaurant the decor has had a little bit of a face lift of late with some newly designed posters, as has the menu.
Not going to go into too much detail as previous reviewers have mentioned this, but it is a good thing.
One thing that stuck me is the new additions to the menu - Kismot Naga pickle and Iron Bruna, yep a curry with Irn Bru.
This is a family run restaurant and the sons greet you on the door with a bit of friendly banter.
You can see the other family members beavering away in the kitchen when you first enter.
The food here is always up to high standards and our last outing was no exception.
We opted for the pickle trays, poppadoms, raitha and naga chilli pickle.
all washed down with lots of Mango lassi.
The starter was great but the naga chilli in particular was excellent, beware this comes with an 18 certificate warning and is very spicy.
The main courses were Veg Madras, Chicken Masalla, Prawn passanda and Chicken Tikka North Indian Chilli Garlic.
All were great their Chilli Garlic is still my favourite version of this disk in Edinburgh.
One thing to bear in mind you get lots of rice and the nans are large so unless you ha vent eaten all day a rice and nan portion does 3 easily.
Either that or it was something to do with the fact we order another jug of lassi, but i don't think I ever come away as full eating any where else.
Thumbs up from me.
Favourite dishes here:  - Mums Desi Khani, homemade curry with limited availability.
Worth a try if you are there at the weekend.
- Mango lassi by the jug - Bhindi - North Indian Chilli Garlic - Any of the Madras dishes - Naga Chili pickle, beware very spicy - Methi  - Raitha

Easily the best traditional style curry house in Edinburgh, long since recommended but we'd never gotten around to a visit.
We loved it, the service was great and the knowledge of the food was second to none, able to tailor our flavours to the level of heat we wanted, and since I'm a softie and my wife loves the intense heat this was great.
It reminded me of the best Indian food I'd eaten as a student, but better.
I cannot wait to go back.

I was looking for a nice restaurant in Edinburgh while I was in town for a short visit, and decided to give Kismot a try.
The food was excellent, and more than sufficiently spicy.
Portions were generous, and the staff was very friendly.
I am very glad I decided to try this place out.
One bit of advice: I was lucky to get in without a reservation, as the place was quite busy.
If you plan to go, phone ahead.

Just dined here last evening on a trip to Edinburgh.
Read their #1 reviews on trip advisor and had to stop by for a bite.
It definitely met all my expectations.
Personalized service, home cooked authentic food.
I always return home from a trip craving a meal from my own kitchen, tired of mass produced, restaurant food.
The owners parents are the cooks, and the home cooking really shines through.
I ordered the lamb rogannjosh with garlic naan.
Lamb was fork tender, curry well seasoned and containing bits of fresh veggies chopped up, including sliced tomato.
This curry was made with loving hands, not poured from a jar!
Bravo!
I have no doubt you'll enjoy your meal if you stop by!
My only regret was that I couldn't taste all the unique curries offered, but I guess that's just a reason to go back ((tummy growls))

This was the best and spiciest curry I found in Edinburgh.
It was also had the single best restaurant decor I have EVER seen.
The place is literally family-run and they're some of the most hospitable and friendly people in the world.
I went on a curry tour of Edinburgh while I was on holiday.
I've eaten curry on three continents now and, back home, I like to get my Indian take-away and add both habaneros and ghost pepper hot sauce to it before I eat it.
Curry, and especially spicy curry, is very much an essential part of my life.
So I picked a new Indian joint each night while I was in the city in an attempt to find it.
The Kismot Killer wasn't available at the time I showed up but I was advised by my waiter (one of the coolest, most welcoming guys I've ever met) it's so spicy that it takes away from the actual FLAVOR of the curry, anyway.
Let's be honest, there's a point when spicy becomes less about flavor and enjoyment than pure ego.
So I got the next spiciest curry on the menu - Vegetable Naga - and asked for IT extra spicy, with rice and chapati.
The food was EXCELLENT.
The dish, even without modification, was ACTUALLY a fair amount spicy - which, if I can taste a bit of spice, most people probably shouldn't eat it - and the flavors were SO vivid and pleasant.
I would've preferred it spicier by a bit but that's okay, it was still the spiciest curry I was able to find in the city and definitely my favourite.
Next time I go to Edinburgh I shall be visiting again.

We visited due to the excellent reviews on trip advisor....We were not disappointed!
Even our taxi driver had had it recommended countless times via word of mouth!
Service was excellent.
Lamb was slow cooked to perfection & Naan bread was super!
Theonly let down was that we had ordered from the meduium section and the curries were not at all hot.
They were very good though.
Thank you for a delicious meal!
We will definitely recommend to our friends & be back next time were in Edinburgh.
Great to see a family restaurant doing so well.

Friendly, efficient service was the icing in the cake of the best lamb saag I've ever eaten.
BYOB policy, no corkage charge - what's not to like?

The food was just ok and kind of bland.
We have enjoyed Indian food around the globe and neither the food nor the service impressed.
It was Ramadan so maybe that had an effect, but after all the great reviews, we were disappointed.

Kismot is a family run restaurant that has excellent food and service!
They do not serve alcohol but have no problem with you bringing your own.
They even remind you of this when making the booking.
Upon arrival, we were warmly greeted by the son and seated promptly.
The decor is modern and the ambiance has a lively feel.
We tried a few different curries, tarka dhal, and the garlic naan.
Everything was delicious and we were stuffed beyond belief.
I cannot emphasize how great the service was here.
They make you feel as if you were invited to eat at their home with mum and dad cooking.
Wonderful place and a must try!

Good but not as great as others are saying.
The Bad  The naan simply wasn't very good.
I am used to fresh, fluffy naan with intense garlic flavour.
These were huge but rather flavourless and a bit chewy.
The pilau rice was also fairly flavourless and disappointing.
For the mains, our tandoori chicken was okay but the meat was overcooked and dry.
The Good  Our curry was quite pleasant and the mango lassi was also good.
Also no complaints on the service.
Verdict  Perhaps we had over inflated expectations, but this was simply a decent Indian restaurant with nothing exceptional.
I take the sides (rice and naan) seriously and they were a let down.

Funky is the first word to come to mind.
The place is all pinks and purples and turquoises and dark tables.
Even the water jugs are purple or turquoise.
There's a plasma screen showing a loop commercial for their King of Curry thing that they do, with their top media hits included.
It's kind if distracting watching Jack Whitehall and James Corden crying and drinking bowls of yoghurt, but it kind of fits with the funky thing.
If they took out the tables, chucked in a couple of lava lamps and cushions, and maybe tiled one wall with tiny mosaic mirrors, it'd be a cocktail bar nightclub.
But it's a restaurant.
And it is good at being a restaurant.
The food hit the spot perfectly; our vegetable pakora/onion bhajis were soft and crispy, while my chicken korma was rich, creamy, plentiful and contained great big hunks of birdy goodness.
The peshwari naan don't quite reach the giddy heights of those served at Skipton Balti in Yorkshire (nothing ever will) but they're easily the closest I've had!
Sweet and flavoury (still totally a word), they're lined with deliciousness.
The staff dealt with our considerable party size expertly, even shuffling tables in and out to match our miscounted numbers with not a rolled eye to be seen or a tut to be heard.
I was surprised there was no water brought until we asked, well after the arrival of the poppadums at the start, but it was otherwise pretty flawless service too.
It's a bit outré for my tastes in terms of decor but it's damn fine food, y'all.

