Stopped in here for lunch today.
It is located in the Albertsons Center where I sometimes shop and I had seen it getting ready.
This location used to have a water store in it.
Nothing really special about this place.
It is geared for takeout as there are only 4 tables.
They could add 2 more if they wanted.
Food was ok.
The pork fried rice had bean sprouts and onions in it which seemed different to me.
I had the General Tso's chicken lunch special which came with pork fried rice and my choice of a soda or soup ($5.75), I chose hot and sour soup.
It seems to be a family run business.
The person at the counter was having a rough time understanding much English and had to be helped several times.
Minimum credit/debit order is $8 so if you are by yourself getting a lunch special you better have cash.
I only took a picture of the back of the menu, inside is over 100 more items.
They are open until 10 PM which could come in handy sometimes.

Stopped in to get some lunch but it looked a little dirty so I decided to go elsewhere.
Good thing I did because after checking the health ratings I am surprised they're still open- a 27!?!?
Really?
That is freaking scary!
No recent award either.

It's about time a NYC style Chinese food place opened up in Phoenix.
These people actually know what duck sauce is.
East Coast Chinese beats West Coast any day.

This place was ok until the woman who rung us up approached our table while we were eating.
She shows us the receipt saying she didn't charge us enough for drinks and demands the money hahaha!
I understand this is a mom and pop establishment and they need every penny they can get, but honestly we found it very off-putting.

I have never been to the actual location I just order delivery.
The first time I ordered I was surprised at how quickly they got to my house.
The food was very hot and seemed fresh.
The food was good and my husband loved the homemade hot mustard.
He always gets the barbecue spare ribs and enjoys every last bite along with the fried dumplings with plum sauce.
I honestly think if I wasn't around he would just drink the plum sauce.
I get anything chicken and I do the combos.
I have had the sweet and sour, General Tso's, Sesame, and orange chicken.
All of the combos come with pork fried rice and the dinner ones come with an egg roll while the lunch comes with your choice of egg roll, soda, or soup.
My daughter gets the vegetable soup and eats every bite, I have had the wonton which is good and the egg drop.
My husband had the hot and sour and really enjoyed it.
Whenever we are short on money and high on hunger we order out from here.
It is really one of the best delivery Chinese places in this area.

Closed since mid Oct .
.Message still says "Will be back Oct 27" We did get sick one time from the food, but otherwise it was so good we kept coming back.
Closest thing to NY Chinese Food I've found since moving here in 1999.

Moving from NY 2 years ago was a big change, didn't realize how big untill I tried the pizza and chinese here.
This is the first place that actually knows what duck sauce is.... must be honest what got my attention at first was the name of the place.... food is really good for a take out chinese food... delivery is quick... prices are decent... overall good place to try!!

This is the best chinese food I've manged to find in the area and that's after trying at least 65 places (I lost count).
I do still miss my Chicago style chinese food, but like I said, this is as good as it gets in the area.
This is a great little family run business and there 2 young kids are often there when we go in.
There is a small language barrier with the mother, but she is getting better and better, and her two daughters have very good English.
We love their eggrolls because they are the only freshly made ones we've found in the area.
My other favorites are the wonton soup and chop suey.
I'm not big on the fried rice, but its just not my style.
My boyfriend loves it however.

This place is really good and the price is great too.
I am really picky when it comes to eating Chinese food.
I know most places hate me because I take out stuff and add stuff and get a lil extra this or that.
By the end of ordering I am sure the person on the other end has already spit in my food for being so difficult lol.
This place though the people are soooo nice and they always get my order right no matter how difficult i make it I love it.
The delivery people are very nice too and the amount of food you get for the price is awesome.
I really like that I can get it delivered since I am sick a lot and can't get out so this place is my go to place for delivery.
My favorite dish I have had is the Schezwan beef and the fried shrimp.
If you are looking for a good delivery place in Glendale I recommend this place.

Best American Chinese joint in the area.
Orange chicken is bomb.

Small but clean.
Very friendly.
Great food for a small delivery place.
Only reason I will not give them 5 stars is because the delivery times have been very inconsistent.
Non the less we will continue to give this mom n pop our business.

So we were up for something for diner and happen to have a Menu delivered from New York Wok and we ran through the menu and found our typical choices and called to hear a "Very Young female voice" taking the order.
When we arrived we found a young brother and sister manning the register..Odd but she handled the transactions and everyone got the food they ordered.
Drove home to some great smells  Got home and opened the bag to finger burning heat and an awesome  Egg Drop and Wonton Soup wife Loved it House Fried Rice was Awesome Orange Chicken was amazing and last but not least Sweet and Sour Shrimp was off the Charts  NICE WORK  keep it New York Nice work and we will back.
Thank you Diana Y. for the Review (I also hail from Wash D.C. area and miss the food...Don't get me started)  we read almost all of them and amazingly enough my wife thought it was worth the try and we are happy we did.
Yelp Ya Later

I quite like this place a lot.
Haven't been in, but have had delivery several times, and it's very very good.
I'd recommend it in a moments notice.
I get the kung pao chicken and it's always good.
I also get vegetable fried rice, and it's so delightful.
Yummy!

Yay!
I've finally got a local Chinese joint again.
After a hit and miss journey New York Wok has become my go-to spot for Chinese American delivery.
It's all been very good here, but I'm a freak for their egg rolls, mei fun and chow fun.
If you haven't had mei or chow fun before you have to try it here.
However their most killer-est dish is the roast pork lo mein.
I'm typically disappointed by pork dishes from AZ Chinese restaurants; regardless of the dish the pork is usually bland and/or dry.
That's not the case here, the pork is seasoned and roasted well.
Spicy beef it a close runner up to the pork lo mein (and is really done justice by a night in the fridge), so be sure to hit some up as well.
I've only taken out or had delivery to date, so I can't speak to the wait staff but the counter and delivery service has always been prompt and friendly.

I ordered takeout today from here.
The delivery driver was prompt but that wasn't the problem.
The driver stunk like stale cigarette smoke so bad i almost gagged.
You could smell it on him a few feet away.
He handed me my food and left.
As I was walking to the kitchen the smell still lingered.
i realized it was the bag the food was in, it smelled disgusting.
I took the food out and began plating it.
I began to smell the smoke again and realized my food completely stunk like the cigarette smoke.
It was foul, everything stunk like it.
He obviously was chain smoking with the windows up while bringing my food.
That has to be one of the grossest things I've ever dealt with food wise.
On top of that when I called, the lady informed me there are no refunds and that nobody else had a problem with him smoking in the car while he delivered food.
My first experience with New York Wok will absolutely be my last.

Wonton Soup General Tsoa's Chicken Orange Chicken Beef & Broccoli Combo And they will get my money and my vote for best meal

This is a little hole in the wall take out joint.
You could eat in, if you want, but there is little ambiance and only 4 tables.
I'm incredibly particular and after walking into another Chinese restaurant down the street that was dirty and super stinky, I was scrutinizing this place.
It's clean, in fact, it's super clean- at least on the surface.
I did smell some backed up drain or something, but ... well, semantics I tell you.
I ordered the garlic shrimp combo.
Oh my goodness.
It was really good.I actually don't even like Chinese food all that much, but I thoroughly enjoyed it all.
I'm really happy I popped in.
Plus the family running the place was very nice.
They're children ran the cash register, while mom and pop cooked the food...
They're living the American dream.
That's what it's about.
I will visit again.

Really enjoyed the food at this little hole in the wall, mom-n-pop joint.
Fresh ingredients and great flavor.
Will definitely be back, best option is take out!

We took the family out there last night for a Birthday  HAPPY BIRTHDAY MIKEY..!!
And I tried the Triple Alliance*** And it was off the chain Large Shrimp  Large Pork Pin Wheels Large chunks Chicken in this Wonderful Garlic sauce with Veggies and rice  Wooo.... A minute of Silence   That was Awesome  If you have not tried the, please give them a solid shot.
I have tried several dishes I just did not care for and they were so kind to replace, because they want you happy with every meal..

NY Wok is my new go to place for Chinese food.
After my old place kept getting complaints from the health dept, and trying a few other places I just didn't care for, I saw this one when I'd be going to and from the supermarket, so gave them a try.
First thing I noticed was how clean the place was.
Not much of a place to eat in, but you could if you wanted to....I prefer take out, just wanted to actually see the place first.
Their hot & sour soup is wonderful and they are the first ones I call when I feel a head cold coming on.
Clears it right up!
Their orange chicken is very good, the egg foo yong, the lo mein, the crab ragoons - everything we tried has been delicious.
They deliver and I know it's coming from a place that takes pride in their appearance, keeps the place clean, and the delivery, service, and most importantly, the food is always great..

Best in Az

First time ordering from this restaurant the orange chicken was awesome the hot and sour soup was a little spice to it But it was really good and they delivered all the way to 39th Ave. and Northern.

Terrible...
Tasted like bad frozen food and only made my stomach toss and turn the rest of the night.
Will never order here again.

Did not like this place at all.
Saw all the positive reviews so we ordered delivery.
I live 3 miles away and it took almost an hour.
Mongolian Beef was very bland and we ended up throwing most of the meal out.
Beef was chewy and coated in a slimy corn starch substance that tasted like paste.
Shrimp with lobster sauce was more like egg drop soup with shrimp in it.
Shrimp were large and cooked properly, but flavor of the rest of the dish was off.
Eggrolls were crisp and hot, but the crab puffs were soggy and greasy.
I might have ordered the wrong dishes on the wrong night, but doubt I will order from here again.

In a word...AVOID!
Food was very bland and tasted like it had actually been made in a wok in New York and shipped via bike messenger to Arizona.
Egg rolls and rangoons were stale and had almost no filling.
Boneless spareribs were black around edges, extremely hard and had almost no flavor.
Fried rice was over cooked, and was little more than white rice with a bit of soy sauce.
Although the dumplings appeared homemade, they were very bland, and shriveled like they may have been reheated.
They were not even folded like a proper Chinese dumpling but simply folded in half.
Food at local cheap ($5) Chinese buffets are far better than anything I got from here.
I have noticed that the reviews for this place used to be excellent, at least until the last few months.
This usually indicates new owners, cutbacks or a staff that just doesn't care anymore.

Great food.
Now, friendly family.
No MSG which I love and healthy selection too.
Our favorite Chinese delivery for sure.

Coming from NYC originally, it should be illegal for a place like this to be allowed to use my city's name.
Instead how 'bout they change it to Pittsburgh because the food really is the Pitts (no offense to all you from Pittsburgh, sorry.

Small sitting area but for take out, no complaints.
Children working the desk area no adults to be found, great size portions though for the price...

