To teh woman working at 8-9pm on Saturday nights at the wedding license division of the courthouse.
I appreciate your kind demeanor and sense of humor we came to get our license in anticipation of our April wedding and were happy to be able to talk like normal people and get things done quietly and quickly.
Overall, The place was empty but the clerks were all in good spirits.
I thought the place would be a little bizarre with some crazy people in it but it was an easy process without any big issues.
I didn't appreciate the people outside telling you to hire them as a witness or go to their chapel but its all part of the Vegas experience I guess!

Waste of my time, gas, and anything else i can think of.
Came for traffic court and was told to come back tomorrow morning, because the clerk was done for the day(@3:00pm).
Of all the courthouses in America this one was packed, and I actually got sick because of the smell.
It was so bad I had to take my clothes off ,at my front door and then jump into the shower.
Lesson learned- Follow all traffic rules in Clark county for now on.

In Henry VI (Part 2), Shakespeare wrote "Let's kill all the lawyers!".
If you have a court case in the Regional Justice Center, you're probably ready to shout that sentiment every time you step foot in court.
Hell, it's not the happiest spot in Nevada.
People usually come here and try not to get locked up, to fight over money, or fight over child custody--not the location for the happiest events (although the county wedding license bureau is on the 1st floor).
So if you're headed here, a few pieces of advice: 1) the lines to get into the building are long (especially in the morning) so get here early, 2) court is not the place to be casual so dress conservatively -- guys put on a tie and a nice, white or muted color shirt with a collar; ladies, cover up.
You will be judged on how you look, so be formal and (to repeat) conservative, 3) the elevators will take forever if the building is busy (there are only 6 elevators serving 17 floors), so (again) get here early, 4) the Marshals/Court bailiffs are not joking around.
Check in with them, be respectful, and don't talk in the courtroom once the judge takes the bench, 5) court can move really fast -- talk to your attorney before you get there so you know what's going to happen, and  6) turn off your cell phone.
Seriously.
All that aside, this place could be much much worse.
East coast courthouses are older, more run down, filthier, angrier, busier and less willing to listen to the people appearing in court.
At least the Clark County Regional Justice Center is pretty.
The lobby is decorated in red rock walls and a three-story glass atrium.
The red rock walls have philosophical and legal quotes carved into them.
Many of the quotes are inspirational .
or aspirational--summing up what our judicial system aspires to be.
The court system is all about "hurry up and wait," so come prepared to wait, but remember that it could be much, much worse.
The court staff does a really good job handling a massive number of cases in an efficient manner.

There is mail you get that makes your day.
Mail like a birthday card from your grandparents or refund check you weren't expecting.
Then you have the mail you absolutely dread.
Mail like the single piece of paper that reads on top; Jury Summons!
(Insert scary lighting and women screaming.
) Yes the dreaded jury duty letter that we all try to avoid.
Well, my number was called to do my civic duties.
As soon as I opened I was trying to figure out how I could get out of this.
I know everyone else does this too.
I had to change the date I was suppose to show up because there was a scheduling conflict.
I was very surprised how easy this was.
I was able to go online and change the date.
The online page was pretty easy to use.
So if you have to change your date , just go online and do it.
After I changed my date to a month later it was my time.
I called the number after 6pm the night before.
They let you know if you have to show up.
I am pretty sure that my badge number went up in the list because I rescheduled.
They make you park at the Freemont experience parking garage.
This stinks because you have to walk about 4 blocks to the courthouse.
Make sure you have enough time for the walk.
It took me about 10 mins with all the lights.
When you get into the courthouse the chairs are actually comfortable.
They show you a short video on the basics of jury duty.
Overall the experience wasn't terrible.
I went on a Thursday.
So if you get summons go on a Thursday or a Friday.
I repeat Thursday or Friday.
Cheers!

DATE: August 20, 2009  I was leaving for Indonesia 2 weeks later and the boy and I had just spent the night before talking about our plans for the future.. As soon as I reached home, I would talk to my relatively conservative social figure of an Asian Dad and announce that I was ready to get married - to this "fresh-out-of-college American boy" he never met.
Considering the high risk of meeting opposition from my side, we decided to make a quiet, private commitment to each other in the form of a marriage license in the city that sealed the fate of our relationship 8 months before.
When we called concierge at 1:30am the night before to find out where to go, we were informed that we'd have to go to the courthouse (which was closed at the time) and get a license before meeting an officiant.
At around 1pm the next day, we headed for the Clark County Courthouse.
Getting a marriage license here is a pretty simple process:  1.
Fill Out Forms 2.
Wait In Line 3.
Pay + Answer Questions For The Official To Complete License  However, I can't imagine that anyone who were stumbling in here drunk off their asses would be able to go through with the process.
Contrary to how the movies make it seem, it's not as simple as wandering into a chapel and getting it done.
You have to be lucid enough to fill out forms and then coherent enough to talk to the official BEFORE getting to the chapel.
There's no way you can do that completely knackered..

