Recently opened and already having won several local awards, Pink Olive claims to offer "exceptional food, no exceptions"; this is definitely the case.
My partner opted for the 'Bigger, Meatier Breakfast' (£7.95), which was essentially a double-sized portion of the perfect scottish fry-up,  complete with haggis.
There wasn't a single thing on the plate that wasn't cooked perfectly, although i don't think i would have been able to eat a whole plate!
I went for the slightly healthier sunday morning option, of the soup of the day (£3.95) and a grilled mackerel fillet on a bed of lemon-dressed salad (£4.95).
The soup was seasonal vegetable and pearl barley, and was much tastier and more flavoursome than any vegetable soup i've had before.
It's true that the mackerel was slightly greasy, however this was off-set by the crisp lemon juice drizzled over the salad.
I'd definitely recommend trying the homemade iced teas.
We couldn't choose between lemon or peppermint, so got one of each and both were delicious.
My partner said they were the best he's ever tasted outside Morocco.
In fact, my only criticism would be the issue of space... or lack of it.
Too many tables crammed into too small a restaurant took something away from the relaxed, sunday morning atmosphere.

This place practically opened in the blink of an eye - or so it seemed.
One day I was walking past it and it struck me that Pink Olive must have sprung up over night, because I had never noticed before.
When I explained this to my friend, she laughed and suggested we went to try it out.
Over all, I liked Pink Olive - it was stylish, friendly and had a great atmosphere - if it was a bit too lud and the tables seemed very crammed together.
The food was pretty good, despite being from a menu which - if I'm truthful - didnt fill me with hope.
The food was a tad over seasoned too, but I just took it to be a one off as other than that it I did enjoy it.
Price wise Pink Olive was reasonable, and I would come back again.

I quite like pink olive!
It's a really nice place to go for a lunch with the girls, or boys, or both.
It's quite stylish in its own little way - it doesn't try to be cool or chic, it's just happy in its own skin, which is kinda refreshing!
It's in a good location too, just off Edinburgh University's main campus, and as a result I think they have tried to get as much custom as they can, and cramming in the tables to accommodate.
It's a nice place if you're looking for somewhere easy, simple and really pleasant!
To quote Arnie, I'll be back.

This small restaurant close to George Square has a surprisingly good brunch on Sundays.
After hearing mixed opinions about the place I decided to try it myself and was pleasantly surprised.
They have a choice between healthy brunch, a hearty Sunday roast and everything in between (including yummy pancakes).
Despite its rather strange appearance and name, its interior I found a lot more appealing.
Its prices were very student friendly.
I myself did not have enough room for a dessert, but my friend had the homemade ice-cream and the spoonful I stole was delicious.

For ages I thought Pink Olive was a high class gay bar.
Turns out it's actually a restaurant, and a pretty good one as well.
I came here with some friends earlier this year and we had a really good and well priced meal together.
The atmosphere is lively and bustling, and although it could maybe do with some more space between tables, it makes you feel at home.
We ate from the pre-theatre menu (with no intention of going to the theatre) which offers three courses for less than £12 which is is a great deal.
I had the chargrilled bacon with poatoes for my main and it was delicious and served in a more than generous portion.
The staff are pleasant and they coped well with the large numbers that evening.
I'd certainly come here again for the tasty food, great service and cheap prices.

I have walked past the Pink Olive for years, thinking it was a terribly expensive French Bistro.
How wrong I was.
Situated just round the corner from the University student's playground, George Square, Pink Olive is a great place for students to go to for lunch or dinner.
It was only fairly recently that I first visited this place and realised what I was missing.
I came here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised with their lunch menu as it had a good selection of different meals available.
I had the carrot and coriander soup to start which was home made and had the freshest ingredients in it - yum!
I had an aubergine pasta dish for my main which was even more tasty than my starter.
The portion sizes were really decent, as were the prices with most main meals priced at around £6-8.
There is also a pre-theatre menu available which costs about £10 for two courses, which is again very reasonable.
Sunday brunches are available, which are served most of the afternoon and include fully cooked breakfasts, scrambled eggs and, best of all, pancakes!
Pink Olive is probably not the kind of place you would go for lunch every day as it would get super expensive, but once in a while, it is a great place to go for a very delicious meal at excellent prices.
Definitely worth a visit.

Pink Olive is one of the many cafes and restaurants catering to the large university population as it's just off the buzzing George Square campus.
I'd say its menu is a little more unique than some I've seen but then it's also a little bit more expensive!
You'll find quality ingredients and inventive dishes; the starters may cost up to £4 and the mains anything from a manageable £5 to £16 for their steak!
Naturally the cafe takes advantage of the festival period and offers a special menu which includes two or three course meals and a pricey festival brunch!

What can I say?
Pink Olive is cah-yute!
And a little bit cuddly.
Definitely lives up to the pink in it's name!
After multitudes of arguments as to where deliveres a good Sunday Roast (by the way, still don't have an answer for that!
), a bit of Yelping didn't get us much farther... except for Pink Olive.
Never ask a veggie where to go for a Sunday Roast...
Pink Olive delivered an apparently delicious roast, complete with roasties baked in dripping (ie.
not good for veggies) - I tucked into a rather pleasant green pepper and black olive tagine - not particularly memorable I have to admit, but pleasant nonetheless and note to self... much better than my attempts at a tagine.
Myself and my nephew also knocked back a Pink Olive Mojito - a virgin cocktail of crushed raspberries, cranberry juice, lime and mint (and gomme) which was a tasty way to sink the afternoon.
Overall, Pink Olive has a nice wee bistro vibe going on.
Good music, good food, good staff.
Can't go wrong with that now, can you!

I hadn't spotted Pink Olive, previously, so was very pleasantly surprised by my visit.
The place is very neat, the dishes very good, and the service very friendly.
Overall, we said: "I was very impressed with Pink Olive.
They served me two excellent dishes and great coffee.
I hope to pay a return visit soon, as their breakfast and brunch options, which I saw sampled by some of the other diners, looked delectable, also.
I'd recommend you pay them a visit soon, too.

Well I ended up here kind of my accident.
It was a rugby weekend.
My parents were coming to visit for the first time.
But I left it way too late to book somewhere for Saturday night food!
After calling what seemed like pretty much every place I could think of without any luck I resorted to TopTable to see where had availability.
I spotted Pink Olive as I'd heard a few people mention it before, plus they had an offer on.
Booked up online and had a confirmation within about 20min.
The place is fairly small, but not cramped.
The first thing to note was the staff; really friendly and helpful, they certainly make the place feel relaxed.
We were given the option of the main menu or the special offer set menu.
I think this was about £18 for the special which was 2 courses plus a cocktail or class of house wine.
The offer menu looked good so went for that.
What I didn't notice at first was that it was only an additional £2 to add a third course!
For starters we all went for pork liver pate with red onion jam.
It came individually potted, and although didn't look much was a pretty substantial portion.
The pate was really nice with lots liver flavour coming through, but not so much to be overpowering, this was offset just right with the sweetness of the jam.
For my main I went for breaded pork cheeks with homemade baked beans and mash.
The pork was amazing; melt in the mouth stuff!
I was really surprised by the beans too.
It looked like it was going to be the usual strongly flavoured tomato/herb sauce things like this often come with.
However the flavours were actually really delicate and seasoned just right.
Not much I can say about the mash really, it was just how it should have been.
At this point I have to admit I didn't manage to clean my plate.
I was stuffed!
......although pud was too much to resist.
So I went for the chocolate icecream (which is made within 20yds apparently).
It was good, but I think I was a bit too full to enjoy properly!
We also had a bottle of house red with the meal.
Not bad at all and easy on the pocket at around £14.
All in all a great experience and well worth a visit!
I'll definitely be back again.

Tasty food, friendly service, and value for money.
What else can I say?
I am a fan of Pink Olive.
I love their soups.
My favourite is the beetroot and apple.
They've got sandwich and soup combos as well.
Hmm, what else?
I like the baked coley fillet.
Never tried their haggis, but heard its good.
As a last note, they've got the credit crunch lunch deal.
Can't remember the price of this deal exactly, but can remember it was a very good deal!

