Having sprung up out of literally no-where, Lazy Latte's is making a reputation for itself among the locals and students of the Newington area it serves.
Firstly, I have tasted them, and the Lattes are great - but maybe Lazy Lattes should have been named Not So LAzy LAttes, as this little cafe has a huge range of things to offer from sandwiches to soups and salads -  all of which can be taken out or enjoyed in the tiny sitting area for customers.
The cost of all this?
Well not much, as regular teas and coffe can set you back around a pound - but the infamous Lattes aroun £1.50.
A tiny amount compared to the chain coffee shops.

With only two petite sofas and a single low lying wooden table to rest your brew on, Lazy Latte has minimal space.
But, as I found, if your lucky enough to bag one of the sofas and settle down with one of their customer donated books, you'll be in for a relaxed and fuss free read.
They do a hearty selection of sandwiches and soups, all of which are fine for a lunch snack but not worth shouting about.

Layzee service, Layzee cooking but Layzee prices.
You'll waiter forever for you're coffee and your sandwich, the staff won't talk to you (infact nobody talks in here at all which is spooky).
But you won't be charged much for it either, which evens it out drastically.
Like Sam said, just ok.

I bought my lunch here about a week ago and I thought it was decent, value for money food with quality service.
Admittedly, I should have had one of their trademark lattes, but I just wasn't in the mood for coffee.
The decor inside feels relaxed and stylish and the staff are friendly.
The 'layzee' part of the name refers to the chilled out atmosphere, rather than a poor standard of service.
I went for a cheese, ahm and tomato sandwich (wasn't on the menu, but made it up for me anyway) and a can of coke, which came to only £3 altogether.
I thought this was a great deal and the bread was tasty along with decent quality ham, cheese and fresh tomato.
I'd certainly come here again as it's a great coffee shop which offers nice, quicm service and brilliant food.

