GHQ is one of Edinburgh's top Gay clubs, located in the center of Edinburgh's "pink triangle".
I held my second year event here as part of my university course.
As a venue it was fantastic.
The staff were so helpful in the planning stages and couldn't have done more to help us.
Our reason for choosing this venue was purely because the interior of this club was miles better than anywhere else we had been to and it looked so fun.
There is three parts to GHQ.
There is the main bar area, which is large and spacious with a good amount of booths (got to love ample seating).
Then in the next room there is 7 round beds with drapes.
I'm pretty sure if these beds could talk, you would never sit on them again but they are great fun and an interesting quirk that adds something to the club.
At our event the beds were packed all night as they were a great novelty.
There is also another bar and dance floor next door.
The next room is all white and seems to be like something out of a dream sequence as its in stark contrast to the rest of the club.
GHQ for me stands out as one of the best clubs in Edinburgh due to its size and fabulous decor.
The club attracts the most interesting, diverse group of people who all seem to be up for a good time.
The drinks are average priced and the music is cheesy but fun.
This bar isn't an over the top Gay bar.
It is enjoyable for everyone and I know a lot of straight people who go here regularly, purely because its a fantastic club.
I had a ridiculously good time in here owning the dance floor to Britney Spears.
Good times.

GHQ, which I presume stands for 'Gay Headquarters', sits in the heart of Edinburgh's gay district (a slight stretch of the imagination, seeing as this only comprises of one street and a handful of bars and restaurants, but bear with me).
Unfortunately all the things normally synonymous with a mainly gay clientele (fashion, style and general displays of fabulousity) are absent from GHQ.
The place seems to be populated with copulating couples and pissed people who should never have been granted entry.
The music is cheesy and the drinks are cheap, I know this makes for a good night out for some folks, but it's not my scene.
You have been warned...

I came here on a Mardi Grass night here organised by Southern Comfort.
I had never been to GHQ before and had heard mixed opinions about the place.
Let me just say first WOW it was much bigger inside than I expected and well done to Southern Comfort for the events organised (I'm a sucker for free face-painting and fire shows- not to mention the photos of myself and friends afterwards actually look good -instead of drunk).
The seating booths are ideal for drinks and chats with your mates whilst there's a big enough dance floor with good ol' cheese to boogie to.
It wasn't that "gay" as I was expecting- just basically a variety of clubbers out for a good night who don't really care who you go home with that night.
My friend was their with her boyfriend and actually was asked out by another guy (who was very sweet) so perhaps the label gay bar makes people a lot more comfortable with actually going up and talking to someone rather than being too... invasive of personal space (other clubs).
The bartenders are great and get your drink fast and without being sloppy about it.
I had a grand night here- and it wasn't just the great company I was in.

GHQ is definitely one of the best looking clubs in Edinburgh, having only opened fairly recently-ish, and with the design team clearly pulling out all the stops to make it look amazing.
It looks like a nightclub should look, sleek and sultry, but also fun, and with the facility to lounge and sink into the bed-like white seating with its plumped up black cushions, and white padded walls and bold prints.
Being in a hot looking club always makes you feel amazing, even if you know you left the house looking less than ravishing.
I came along here on the opening week with a friend, and we had an absolutely fantastic time away from the usual George Street and surrounding haunts.
We posed and slinked around on the beds/seats for a while, then danced under the awesome pink lighting for the rest of the evening to Britney and other brilliantly cheesey offerings.
I rate the pink quarter as a going out option, as there's always a major party vibe to the area, and particularly so in here.

I've only ever been here once and that was on a wednesday, and I can safely say I have never queued so long at the bar in my life.
The drinks are only £1, which is great in theory, but the second you tried to get back to your seat you get shoved and knocked around so much by the huge crowds of people that there's never very much left in your glass by the time you get there.
Whinge over, this club is gorgeous inside.
They've clearly spent a lot of money doing it up and it really shows.
It's just that I couldn't help feeling that it's no different from any other new town club - full of rah students thinking they're a bit alternative because they're in a gay club, despite the fact that the club's regular crowd stays well away from the place on wednesday nights.

I was shocked at how great this place really was.
I came for a friends birthday, and my only previous experience of this place (a very drunken 15 mins or so while I waited for somebody I knew) didnt have me expecting anything good from GHQ - all I remembered was that it was busy and most of the clientel were in a worse state than I was.
Boy, was I suprised!
The inside is faaaaar bigger than I thought it was and its 'funky' inside - cool indeed.
There were loads of people in here, a real mix of all sorts which gave the place a really great and fun atmosphere.
The drinks were £1 hence the vast amounts of drunkenness, but I had a really good time.
I had a cracking night  and really should come back here as soon as possible.

eugh!!!!
I had never been to a gay club before, so I didn't know what to expect.
Following a scuffle with the bouncers about ID (apparently a provisional isn't adequate anymore) we finally got in.
The first thing I noticed was the small, nae tiny area to check in jackets.
The queue was backing up behind us and we were all crammed in.
Then, whilst walking through the club, we could not get served for love nor money at the bar.
I spent 1 hour there, and never got looked at once.
At this point my friends had got us into VIP, so off I went, hoping there would be a bar in there - which there was......NEXT TO THE HOT TUB.
Hot tub.
I'm going to say that again, there was a hot tub in the vip room.
The VIP area was pretty small but it was quite nice to be able to move around and get a seat.
The dancefloor was quite good though, even though they had a dark dancefloor for goodness knows what.
The one good thing about GHQ is the drinks prices - they were dirt cheap.
I thought that the closure of Massa meant the death of cheap prices, but GHQ offers £2 doubles, which is brilliant.
If I come here again, I'll make sure I have my passport, make sure I've drunk enough to be comfortable without a drink for a good hour and I'll bring my bikini.

I've never to been to GHQ on one of their trademark gay nights, but apparantly they're great fun.
I've only been on their 'Movida' student night on a Wednesday, and each time it's been drunken, eventful and extremely good fun.
The queue can take a long time to move on busy nights and some of the bouncers are pretty pig-headed.
Further, myself and just about all my friends have been thrown out of the premises for drunkenness and general rowdiness.
With £1 vodkas, what more can you expect?
Aside from this, Movida is always a great, fun night where you'll probably see loads of people you know and plenty of hilarious stories to laugh about in the morning.
There's lots of comfortable, stylish seating, tables and sofas to chill out and chat on, along with two well-sized dancefloors, giving ample opportunity to bust the moves out later on.
GHQ isn't faultless, but it deserves five stars in my book due its cheap prices and fun-embracing atmosphere.

I have only been to GHQ on the Wednesday night, tailored for not just the gay and lesbian community but for everyone, but have heard that the other nights are just as fun no matter what your sexuality.
The queue to get in is horrendous and can take a good 40 minutes, so you should make sure you get there early.
However once you do get in you are met by a surprisingly big club with two bars and two rooms.
The best thing about the night is the drink prices with vodka and mixers only a pound each!
The club also has beds in it which is great to chill out with some friends whilst having a nice lie down.
Other than the queue, the worst thing about the club for me has the be the male toilets, it is the only club I know of where the men take longer than women, as there are only two urinals to use, it isn't an uncommon site to see guys urinating in the sink to skip the queue!
However, the club is great and although I only discovered it in my second year, I have been coming here nearly weekly since and will continue to do so.

I went to GHQ on a Saturday night for my birthday party, (appropriately titled "Imma take you to a gay bar").
And you know what, I think I like gay bars much better than I do regular bars.
Firstly the clientele dresses so much better, some of those heels where quite impressive.
Secondly I don't get ass-grabbed like I would in regular bars.
I like it.
Also, the music is quite incomparable.
Finally, something poppy, something cheesy (whatever, you loved it too 10 years ago) and something that doesn't sound like a group of builders simultaneously operating heavy machinery to the sound of shrieking Nazgul.
Lovely.
But what struck me the most is the atmosphere, it is so much more ... tolerant?
I can't quite find the right word, laid-back?
Accepting?
No one is looking at you funny, there just doesn't seem to be the kind of snobbery and bad energy that surrounds regular bars and clubs on a Saturday night.
It was simply lovely and good fun.
The way I remember clubs in the Netherlands, in my young days when I'd still go out every weekend.
Instead of groups of girls eyeing each other to see who will make the first move so they can do some heavy extension-janking (U.K. sport #1, I sometimes suspect) they're more likely to buy you a drink.
Now, excuse me, but in my book that makes for a much healthier atmosphere.
Plus, I got complimented on my dress by at least three different men, at least gay men know how to appreciate a good outfit, darling.
Try it, you might just find it quite to your taste!

