The story is always the same: "Good food, crazy price" for Chinese food in the KW region.
Dim sum is always expensive -- however, I didn't get a chance to try it out.
I went today with my cousin to Cameron after 5 years.
The place looks like a run-down little shack from the outside, however, it has a great ambiance on the inside.
All the waiters and waitresses all had ties and vests.
The service was okay - they were timely with serving the food, and grabbing us more tea when we needed it.
However, not very talkative or friendly.
We ordered the seafood wrapped in lettuce leaves, and seafoo.d with hot peppercorn sauce.
I was actually surprised by how good it was considering it's a Chinese restaurant in KW.
There was a lot of seafood, and it was quite delicious.
Price-wise, it was okay.
I mean, comparatively to the other restaurants at the UW Plaza, it's much more expensive.
However, for the nice ambiance, it's worth it.

A decent restaurant though a bit on the expensive side.
Pretty much like the last reviewer, despite growing up in the area, I hadn't been to the place in over 8 years.
It's been a bit of a local Chinese establishment and the quality has varied over the years.
It's changed dramatically since I was last there.
The place actually looks nice now - tastefully done (which frankly is rare for Chinese restaurants in the area where decor generally feels like an afterthought).
It can get a bit loud because it's a stone type tile floor.
The service is competent but as another reviewer noted, probably not that friendly (and oddly they don't seem to speak Chinese).
We had dimsum this afternoon with 7 adults - 4 male, 3 female, and the bill came to $115 including tip which is a bit expensive for the area.
I can't say that the food was amazing.
It was competent (though if you don't eat dimsum much, you probably won't care).
The fried foods seemed a bit oilier than they needed to be but our favorite dish seemed to be the steamed rice noodle roll with mushrooms and chicken which is somewhat unusual but was a specialty on their list.
If it weren't for the lack of relative value in the area, I would have given them 4 stars.
This isn't a big place so reservations are recommended.

OMG I love this place!
I go on Sundays around 11:30am for Dim Sum.
If you arrive after 12:00 good luck, the place gets packed and you'll get stuck waiting in the lobby for a table.
This place is not expensive.
I don't know why people say this place is pricey.
If it was any cheaper I'd think the food was recycled.
Servers are friendly, English is limited.
Order the pan fried pork dumplings, pepper ribs, steamed pork buns, and sticky rice with meat wrapped in lotus leaf.
I'm drooling just writing this.
I'm sure the food is unhealthy, but the dim sum here is like crack, and you'll wanna come back.
Parking is limited.
Looks like a bungalow house on the exterior, remodelled on the interior to resemble more upscale dining.

Good meal, this place came recommended.
Parking out back, and lots of customers inside.

Probably one of the better options for Asian food in KW.
The restaurant looks awesome, food is good, prices are decent, the help is really helpful.
:)  One bad thing, actually the only one, is that if the restaurant is busy, the noise level is unbelievably high.
Think Rude Native lounge with the live band.

I love dim sum, and this place just took dim sum to a whole other level for me.
While I have always been nervous to go to dim sum restaurants that require you to order your food from a list, rather than a cart, I went here with my family and we managed to navigate our way through the menu and what a delicious meal we had!
The portion sizes here are huge, so while the prices may appear to be higher than other dim sum places you might be used to, keep in mind that you are getting more food for the price you are paying!
Because we did not realize this at the time, we ended up ordering more food than we could finish, so we ended up taking home some leftovers!
Like many dim sum places around town, this place gets very busy, very quickly.
If you want to be sure to get a table, make sure you get there by 11:30.
During this meal, the big hits were: 1.
Crispy fried squid 2.
Rice noodle rolls with shrimp and sweet soy sauce 3.
Baked eggplant  4.
Shrimp shumai 5.
Shrimp rolls 6.
Lotus leaf sticky rice (lo mai gai).
Sesame balls  Service at this place is very quick and the food comes out tasting VERY fresh.
I definitely suggest checking this place out.

Good place!
Don't be fooled by the exterior.
Interior is quite nice.
Be prepare to wait , as it gets quite busy.
The food is top-notch quality!
Only issue is that the prices are a bit high for Chinese food...
But you get what you pay for I guess!
4 out of five because the prices are a bit high.

I've gone to Cameron's for a few years now, so I'm writing this review based on my entire experiences.
I agree with a lot of other reviewers, for Chinese food, it is on the pricey side.
However, the quality of both the 'Canadian' Chinese and the dim sum is outstanding.
You pay for what you get, and if you're looking for the best, this is it.
The location and parking lot isn't ideal, but they've done well with what little space they have to work with.
Last year they improved renovations in the dining room, and it's quite nice inside.
Service is very satisfactory, and the menu is a paper menu but certainly has all the required items.
The food often comes out as fast as you can eat it.
Overall, it's one of my favourite "treats" for dine out.

best dim sum you get in KW, a bit on the pricier side, but portions are huge.
Fried squid is really plain, other stuff is pretty good.

I never knew there's a dim sum place in Kitchener.
Found this place on Yelp, so went to give it a try with a friend yesterday.
It's a pretty authentic dim sum place, so not sure why would they call it "Seafood Restaurant".
The location given on Yelp is not exactly the most accurate, so took us a good 10 min to drive around the block to try to spot it.
It's tucked at the back of a corner of the intersection, with one side having a really sketchy sign.
Their front entrance is not the best looking one either, but once you go in, you will know that you are in a pretty decent restaurant.
It ain't big inside, but it's well decorated and clean.
Service is pretty good, we got drinks and a menu right after we sat down.
Their dim sum selection isn't very great, but they do have most of the standard ones.
Overall their tastes aren't bad, although not every dish is as authentic as it can be.
But given this place is in Kitchener, I don't hold the same expectation as I usually do in Toronto or Markham.
Enough said, it's great and it deserves 4 stars.

Probably the best dim sum spot in K/W area.
I once came here and saw some Chinese grandmothers.
That's when you know a place is legit.
Enough said.

Best chinese food in KW!
This place is a bit out of the way for most students like myself, but it is worth the distance for the food here.
I've come here for dinner several times, and have not been disappointed with any dish.
I especially really enjoyed the soup (seafood?
I forget the name), and the eggplant and meat dish.
I came once for peking duck ( I had to order a day in advance).
I ordered 2 ducks for 10 people and it was a good amount, though we ordered other dishes as well.
For $35/duck, I thought it was a great value for 2 courses.
The first course is the duck/duck skin with pancakes.
The second was stir fried with vegetables and they gave us lettuce to wrap it in.
I also came once for dim sum, and thought it was spectacular.
The only dish that wasn't good was the steamed pork bun.
It was surprisingly a good price, too.
we were all very full at the end and we each paid $15 including tax+tip.

