Well let me just start out by saying that I am from the east coast and have used the same dentist my entire life until today.
I had in impacted wisdom tooth that needed to be removed ASAP.
I found Dr. Poulos on the internet and read some review from other websites so I thought I would give him a shot.
Wow was I taken back when I stepped foot in his office.
I was greeted the moment I walked in the door, and almost every staff member said hello and asked me how my day was going.
The staff was all smiles, and it seemed as if they really enjoyed their work environment.
When it came time to crunch the numbers and see how expensive pulling just 1 wisdom tooth was going to be, I was absolutely thrilled when I found out the cost was well under $400 per tooth (which is what I was quoted at about 10 other offices in scottsdale).
I explained to Dr. Poulos that I did not have insurance and that cost was certainly an issue since I was paying out of pocket.
He was very warm and friendly, and did not try to up-sell anything I did not immediately need or want.
I would highly recommend Dr. Poulos and his entire staff to anybody that needs dentistry work done.
He and his staff are extremely friendly, outgoing, helpful, and very cheap!!
Give him a shot, I have no doubt that he will impress you as much as he's impressed me!

Always friendly and helpful.
I've been to a few different clinics here in the valley and finally picked this one.
Prices are competitive and the care is always personal!

Let me just start out by saying that I have bad teeth, damn genetic bad teeth.
I have learned to hate dentists because they have always made me feel horrible about my teeth.
I KNOW THEY'RE BAD JUST FIX THEM!!!
Is what I want to scream to other dentists.
I found dr Stevens as I was looking for a dentist who specializes in clients who are afraid of dentists.
I came to see him in need of crowns, bridges, and extractions.
No problem here at north Scottsdale family dentistry!
Dr Stevens got right to work and made me feel comfortable the whole time :)  In the end my project looks gorgeous, I get complements all the time and am very happy with this office.
Ill be back soon as I will have another project soon!

I was in town for Spring Training from CA.
And the first day I was here my temporary front tooth that my dentist back home had put in place  a couple weeks before (during implant process) broke loose.
So here I am on a Saturday morning in Scottsdale in need of a dentist.
I called numerous other dentists from Yelp that said they couldn't do it or wanted to charge me for a full "new patient" exam with X-rays and all that.
I then googled "dentists open on Saturday in Scottsdale", and found Dr Poulos.
Called, got him on his cell phone, explained my situation and he new exactly what I needed.
He drove to his office on a Saturday morning and opened up for a patient he had never met.
I spent 10 minutes in his chair and he cemented my temporary front tooth back in with plenty of time to make it to the A's baseball game.
If he goes out of his way like this for a new patient, I could only imagine what great service anyone would receive on a regular basis.
Hats of to you Dr.
Poulos!!
Many thanks

I have nothing but AMAZING things to say about this place along with their lovely staff!
I broke off a tooth and got in the next morning and Dr Poulous was very helpful!
I needed to find a new dentist since I moved to the valley and am happy to say they have become my new dentist!
Highly recommend this dentist to anyone looking for friendly and knowledgeable staff!
Thank you for helping me with my chipped tooth and becoming my new dentist!

I have twice broken off pieces of teeth and both times these folks have patched me up.
The dentist stated the patches might not last, but they have lasted in spades.
The prices were affordable, and they are open on the weekends.
They are real life savers.
I really appreciate them.

