Not a fan.
Very rude and take forever to return phone calls and emails!

I hired Fading Sky because their work looked amazing.
I was super disappointed in the engagement photos and then their attitudes.
If you are looking for a few pictures great but if you are seeing what other photographer are offering just for engagement photos go with someone else.
They lacked giving direction.
Have you and your fiance done engagement photos before.. probably not.
So direction would be key and when I asked I wasn't given any than it was thrown back in my face later on saying I interrupted the flow of the session.
Lack of professionalism on their part.
So glad I chose another photographer because if I had stuck with them who knows what my end product would be and a wedding cant be reshot.

They sent me a very rude email in response to my review.
Instead of trying to make it right (the event I needed them for has long passed but might need someone in the future or might be asked for a recommendation?
) they were very rude and in denial.
One can't use constructive criticism to their advantage if their ego is going to get in the way.
Just a thought.

Professional, gifted artists in the field of photography.
Also, a veteran family who gives back to other veterans, contributing substantial amounts of time and personal resources.
Official photographer of many events and graduations for Soldier's Best Friend: see the SBF Facebook page to see some of this team's exquisite work with handlers and dogs.
Simply the best at bringing out the personalities as well as the relationships between the handlers and their dogs.

I wasn't going to rate this company but felt I had to since I haven't gotten over what had happened.
I don't want to bash them, I just want people to make sure they specify what they want photographed.
We hired them in October for our wedding.
Since then I've had people asking to see my photos and some wanting recommendations for someone.
We had no pics of my husband, my son, my daughter, my grandson or of me and my mom and dad walking down the isle.
That is a HUGE part of the wedding and something you cannot get back.
There were 2 photographers, where were they at an important part of the wedding?
When I got my pics I was in such shock not to see any pics of that moment.
I had told them how disappointed I was and they apologized and did offer to discount the wedding books and throw in a canvas pic.
But nothing can make up for the missing photos.
I will say also they were very prompt in returning emails.
But if you hire this company or any others to take pictures, please make sure you tell them what you want pictures of.
Otherwise a memory might be missed being photographed

