I love the Plaza.
One of my favorite hotels downtown.
Making the Plaza an even better location is the Rat Pack is Back show.
The show includes singing, live music and a bit of comedy.
The showroom is pretty good for the show, but lining up before the show is kind of a pain because its right in the middle of the casino  around smoking, slots, and noise.
Because its the Rat Pack, the show may appeal to a more older crowd, but with singers like Michael Buble and Josh Groban around, many of the 20-40's crowd will appreciate these songs.
There is a before show dinner for an additional price, but the show itself is a good deal, and enjoyable for  the family particularly if you have parents or grandparents with you.
I would also recommend for a date as many of these songs are love song standards.
During some of the comedy bits, we had a heckler in the audience, and the performers went right along with it.
I thought that was a pretty good sign that  these guys are good.
I was not around to see the original rat packers, so I can't say if they are the best impersonators in town, but they sound pretty good to me.

The hotel is really crappy, but there is something very endearing about being downtown.
The show itself is very good.
The guys that plays Frank will blow you away with his singing.
He is definitely something to look at too.
:) The Dean character is wonderful too and very sexy.
He looks ALOT like Dean Martin and sounds like him too, but not as much as the Frank character.
The guy that plays Sammy was not the guy in the poster that you see everywhere.
I don't know if we had the understudy or this is the new guy, but he looks NOTHING like Sammy, sounds NOTHING like Sammy, but has his mannerisms down, so as long as the lights were low, he reminded me of him.
The Joey character must have been dragged off the street before the show started because it was really stretching it to say he was Joey.
The one thing I really didn't like about the show that bothered me the whole time was that I really wanted to feel transported back to that era and feel like I was really watching the Rat pack, but I didn't.
The reason why is because they kept making jokes and references that pertained to today.
There were a couple of Tiger Woods jokes in there for example.
We had the VIP seats and reversed a booth which was well worth the money IMO, not to have to squeezed into the long tables with everyone else.
All in all, I would do it again.
I would go back just to hear the Frank character sing.

A terrific show that celebrates the nostalgia and swingin' era of Las Vegas in the 60's!
Ahhh, those were the days, cats and kittens!
This is my kind of music, and I thoroughly enjoyed every number from start to finish.
The opening sequence of clips from the Rat Pack era in Vegas was a great way to start, and I especially liked how they showed the implosion of the Sands, and then reversed the film, so it appeared to rise from the rubble to live again!
Like another Yelper stated, I could have done without the modern references added into the jokes here and there.
Those sort of "broke the 4th wall" for me and ruined my ability to suspend my disbelief.
Regardless, it was a toe-tapping good time.
My favorite was the singer/performer that portrays Dean Martin (who I have been crushing on since the 70's when I was a pre-pubescent girl glued to the TV every week for his variety show).
Ladies, this man is so freakin' dreamy, and looks and sounds a whole lot like the real Dino.
The Frank Sinatra actor was amazing too, and I am a huge Sinatra fan, but I've always felt Dean Martin was the bigger talent, but that he was overshadowed by Frank's cachet and legend.
After the show, we had our photo taken with the cast, but I couldn't take my eyes off of "Dean" ...
So the result was a great pic of the actors and my date, and me staring at "Dean" with my best goofy grin.
Oh my ... Is it getting hot in here?

We really enjoyed this show.
I thought they were all great performers with pure voices.
The Joey Bishop mad me laugh as did others.
The hotel was being renovated so that was kind of a sad place.
Over all we enjoyed the show and I smiled all the way through it!

Was more than a little concerned walking into a deserted hotel at the end of Fremont St.. Hell, there wasn't even anyone in the casino.
After picking up our tickets, we were relieved to find a half-full showroom dining on the pre-show dinner.
Whether you want to include the dinner as part of the experience is up to you.
What it includes is a Dole salad, some Bird's-Eye frozen vegetables, and a pretty decent NY Strip steak and some rather tasty mashed potatoes-- there is a chicken or vegetarian (pasta primavera) option as well.
My 'Dean Martini' was fine but I'd probably stick with the bottled beers.
The show itself was fantastic and one of the highlights of our trip.
Can't compare it to the Sandy Hackett one having not seen it but I can say that the Frank Sinatra character's voice and mannerisms were uncanny.
Joey Bishop warmed up the crowd and had us in tears.
Dean and Sammy played well off each other though I found them less entertaining than either Frank or Joey.
All in all, a great experience and one we will never forget.

I had fun at this show.
We opted for the dinner/show package and didn't pay full price -- I wouldn't either.
Bumped up $10/person for a "cozy" booth along the centerline.
Pros:      Great Frank and Dino impersonators.
Awesome band.
Really transported me back.
Decent drinks and cocktail waitress (a nice Polish girl)      The third best thing to do on Freemont street.
Cons:      Plaza is "under construction" and resembles Beruit.
Food is similar to fundraising dinner food.
Joey Bishop impersonator was funny, but shouldn't sing.
Waaaaaay too much reverb on the voices.
Overall it beats the hell out of one of the topless revues and lets you wander Freemont before/after the show.

Fun nostalgic show.
Singers were quite good.
Comedian was a little more raunchy than we expected.
Venue was comfortable, if a little tired/ worn.
Our vip tickets got us seating on some slouchy white leather couches.
We were offered five dollar upgrade for a table on the floor.
Very glad we stuck with the comfy couch.
Parking at the rip garage was tough.
Very few open spaces at 6 pm on a Tuesday.
Drinks were pricey.

As mentioned in another post, this show is now at the Rio.
I loved the idea of sitting at small, intimate tables in front of the stage, and it was fabulous how the cast interacted with the crowd.
Very entertaining.
The guys that did Dean Martin and Frank Sinatra were fantastic, and the band was awesome.
The rest of the show was entertaining, but not the best thing I had ever seen.
I thought the drinks were overpriced, and the show could have been a little longer.
It was just over an hour in length.
The guy that seated us at our table totally trampled my foot (I was wearing open toed shoes) with his hard-ass dress shoe!
My foot hurt for quite awhile after that, and ruined the experience a bit.

My husband surprised me with this on our anniversary, and it was just wonderful!
We sat right up front at an intimate table, and it felt very much like I was "there" in the good old Vegas days.
Before the show, Rat Pack "lingo" is projected onto the walls to give you something to talk about while everyone is seated.
The stage and the band are small but good.
The band is the Lon Bronson orchestra, and I've always been a fan of his.
There was some fun back and forth with the band, pianist and the guys.
"Joey" opens the show with very funny jokes.
They really do a great job of telling jokes that would have been very current in the '60's with little twists that make them relevant to today.
He is a total hoot, and one of the best of the four, especially with the laughs.
All the performers are very good at what they do.
I am amazed that as much as they look like the guys, they sound like them too.
"Dean" is hilarious, with lots of drunk escapades and sexual innuendo.
"Sammy" has real heart, and a heck of a voice, and "Frank" brings down the house with a tremendous voice and performance.
I will agree with another reviewer that the drinks were very overpriced.
My (smallish) white wine and my husband's plain pineapple juice was $12 not including tip, and yes the show could have been longer.
That said, it was a great night out with loads of fun!

Four stars for the show, ZERO stars for the lame-ass, zombiefied audience of lifeless bluehairs.
This show would totally rock if they made like Tony-N-Tina's Wedding and just HIRED some energetic young people to sit in the crowd and applaud, cheer, laugh and interact.
As it was, it was almost painful at times watching the fabulously energetic performers struggle to engage the sea of dead-eyed fannypackers.
Greatest generation?
I THINK NOT!!
The four impersonators are pretty good, and give a fun, feisty performance -- that sort of falls flat without the synergy of a fun audience.
The live orchestra is fabulous -- full brass section, upright bass, piano and drums -- and overall, the production does a fantastic time of making you feel like it's 1962 all over again.
"Joey Bishop" tells some fantastically retro racist and sexist jokes, Dino plies the boozy shtick, and Sammy does his earnest/creepy thing...all as expected.
But the Frank Sinatra character was WAY better than I expected -- not only does he look and sound like him, he also plays the dago gentleman-thug thing to a TEE!
I really feel for these guys -- they're super talented, but their fabulousness is wasted on their decrepit audience.
What say we all band together and go out for Mad Men night?
I'll wear my Pan Am stewardess costume, you wear your skinny tie.
We'll order up some martinis, light up cigarettes at the table, and guffaw loudly through the entire show.
And when the bluehairs (or ushers) complain, we'll tell 'em: "Put a cork in it, sister!
"  Whaddaya say?!

Went to the show this last weekend, a Sunday evening.
I concur with the previous review that the audience was laskluster though there were no blue hairs..in fact I took my Mom who is 81 with white hair and she too complained about the audience..she said they were "dead!"..
When you first walk in, they have Dean there to pose with you for a picture.
Personally I hate this gimmack, started back in Disneyland and has found it's way to other venues..I could see doing this after the show but before??
I walked on..
The theatre itself was "tired".I thought with a name like Crown Room it would be more fancy and have theatre seats.
No..straight back seats which surprsingly were comfortable.
The good thing about the "theatre" is that wherever you sit, you pretty much have a good view because it is small.
Ordered 2 drinks, a water and a glass of wine for $11.
The water was $4 bucks..the wine $7 which is typical.
The wine was OK.
The couple next to us got the same order but was charged $10.
HMMM..  Before the show began they have Rat Back trivia and 60's slang info up on big screens that I found informative.
Like who was the one  who gave them the name Rat Pack?
Who was an honorary member?
( a woman which was a surprise!
)..what was Dean's nickname?
How many wives did Frank have etc, etc..
The show itself was good.
Funny jokes, great music, decent impersonations, especially Frank and Dino..The show was over after 75 minutes...so it was kind of short.
could have been alittle longer like another 15 mins?
Overall, it was worth the trip plus my Mom really enjoyed it.

I was really looking forward to this show.
I took my Dad, who saw Nat King Cole at the Sands in '62, and then watched Dean and Sammy play craps in the casino.
I opted for the GA seats, which is a row of chairs with no tables or servers.
That didn't help.
The smart way to run this would be to give EVERYONE a table or booth, with servers dressed in 60s costumes, and immerse the audience in the era.
As it was, it was impossible to believe you were watching the Rat Pack.
You were watching some credible imitators, sure, but you NEVER forgot that.
I thought Dean and Frank were really good, Sammy was fair, and Joey, although occasionally funny, looked NOTHING like the real guy.
Maybe people don't remember (or never heard of) him, but it was strikingly bad casting to me.
I understand what others have said about the audience, but I think the Rio deserves more blame for the fact that the show never transcends the mundane.
If we had been sitting in a booth drinking martinis instead of elbow to elbow with somebody, we might have enjoyed it a LOT more.

My husband and I really enjoyed this show!
We found a deal for two VIP tickets for $78.
It was fun being on the floor and we got a shout out because we went after we got married.
The Marilyn Monroe bit was entertaining and we enjoyed all of the singers and the jokes.
Go if you have a chance but make sure to swing for the VIP tickets.

Fabulous show, really glad we went.
The whole thing was entertaining from start to finish.
The cast all did very well and looked and sounded just like the real Rat Pack.
We had VIP seats and were asked for $20 if we wanted to upgrade to the tables in the middle (Golden Circle), well worth it.
I really recommend this show.

I have seen The Rat Pack is Back several times over the years and have always enjoyed the show.
It is like jumping back in time for 90 minutes to relive the good ol' days of Vegas shows.
I have limited knowledge of the original Rat Pack because it was before my time, however I still enjoyed the show a lot.
The songs are the ones that even kids know.
A great song is a great song, no matter when it first came out!
The comedy sketches are still funny.
I laughed out loud more than once and I rarely do that.
The cast seems to have great chemistry most nights.
I have been there when there was a different Sinatra and it was a little off, but still really good.
My favorite one is the Dean Martin guy.
I always though that Dean-O was the coolest of the bunch!
I even played That's Amore at my wedding.
I still love that guy!
I think the show is a really good deal as well.
The tickets seem to go from $30-$60 depending where you are looking.
I have seen these tickets on Groupon, Living Social, and in the local touristy magazines at really good discounted rates.
I think you get a lot of bang for your buck.
If you want to do something a little different for date night, check out The Rat Pack is Back.
Blow a kiss to Dean-O for me too!

I felt that the performers were very good, especially as singers.
I was hoping for a real authentic experience so would have preferred more banter and less references to current events but I did appreciate what banter there was.
The worst part of the show for me was the audience.
There was no energy from the audience at all.
I feel a little sorry for the performers if this is what they face every day.
I also don't advise anyone dress like you are attending a Las Vegas show.
Dress like you're coming in after a lunch buffet if you want to fit.
I think this same show with a different audience would have made all the difference in my enjoyment of the show.

Yikes.
This was terrible.
Ever been to a show and you think wow there is like nobody in here.
The performers were ok but nothing special.
If you are given free tickets go ahead and go otherwise try something else.
I love Sinatra, Martin, Crosby etc  music but the show was like a hollow version of it.
I was bored 10 min in and couldn't wait till it was over.
Skip this show.

Saw the show last night and it was entertaining.
Each performer did well, but the singer portraying Sinatra was off-key several times.
Something Old blue eyes would never do.
Dean Martin's persona was the best of the bunch, and Joey almost had me believing it was really him.

Our fabulous view from the front and center table in the Crown Bar gave us a front row seat into the past.
Dressed to the nines for the night, our group (consisting of six women) were transported back into the smokey old days of Old Vegas and the Rat Pack.
Dean Martin greet us at the door, kissing each of us on the hand as we walked in.
We were grinning ear to as all four members on stage cracked jokes, poked fun at each other, and even came out into the audience, while singing the original Rat Pack's songs to a tee.
And yes, they looked and sounded just like the originals!
As we left that evening an older gentleman, amazed at how much fun we were having asked us how we liked the show.
He said he had seen the original Rat Pack back in his day.
"Dean Martin (Drew Anthony) " he said, "Made a better Dean Martin than Dean Martin did!

Bravo, guys!
From the moment we walked through the doors greeted by "Dean Martin"  to the final curtains closing, we were immersed in an era long gone by but not forgotten.
We were THERE.
"The Rat Pack is Back" does more than justice to the incredible entertainers of the time.
They embody them, drawing us in with flair, humor and not just a little mischievousness.
I can't recommend this show highly enough.
I was with 5 other women and we opted to sit front and center so became part of the show.
We couldn't stop laughing and smiling the entire time.
Well worth the price of admission.

Loved tripping back in time with the original hipsters.
These guys are cool, smooth, handsome, funny and flirty.
Our group of women were all dolled up and felt initiated into the pack as soon as Dean Martin sauntered over and helped himself to my drink.
He was so charming about it I didn't mind, especially as the club comped me another.
More champagne, please!
Though most of the audience were casually dressed I'd recommended dressing up for this show and getting into the vibe.
It's a small club and the actors come out into the audience, joking and crooning.
They did a great job of imitating the original pack, I loved being transported into a very cool time in entertainment history.

