a good place to go.Its got a good range of music.It also has a bar were you can buy drinks.Its also quite big and modern and has sofas round the place.It also has a few floors so you arent all squashed together

This place sets out to be cheap&cheerful whilst still providing a good night out ... and I have to say it definitely falls short of the mark.
If you're looking for a less-than-classy-but-still-great-fun night out with friends you'd be forgiven for thinking that this is where you should head.
However, in City you'll feel at least five years older than everyone you see... and I'm only 21.
If you want loo roll in the toilets, or even if you want to be able to go to the loo and come out again without your feet getting soaked by the torrent of whatever it is that the floor is 2 inches deep in by midnight, then City is definitely not your type of place.
What's good about this place?
It's just behind waverley station, so if you live anywhere vaguely central you can easily walk home in a group at the end of the night.
Aside from that, I'd really struggle to say.
If you go on a student night (wednesday) then unless you play for a local university's rugby team you'll spend at least half of your night queueing.
If you go on a weekend, you can look forward to a night of getting elbowed in the back so hard you wake up with bruises the next day...
I actually had one girl turn round to me and, after spilling her drink down me, snarled something about "f***ing pikey students, why do the door staff even let them in anyway?!
"  Not highly recommended.
At all.

This is the type of place you go to every Saturday night if you 'luv footie', Bebo and playing tunes on your mobile phone while on the bus.
I went on their Wednesday student night and it was like a school disco with people snogging everywhere and grinding on each other.
Charming and delightful.
It was fairly cheap but that is the only upside.
Then I made the mistake of going on a Saturday night.
It was something ridiculous like £8 to get in.
I almost had a minor heart attack!
And I bought two drinks which came near enough to £8.
Save your money and go somewhere else cheaper, or somewhere worth paying that much for drinks.
The cloakroom boy lost my friends jacket somehow as well.
If I am invited to City my automatic reaction is NO.

I had to laugh when I saw the other reviews for this dump got 1* too - I don;t think I need to write any more....!!
My flatmates boyfriend recently started a new night in City on a Friday called Broke!
Luckily for him, it;s been really successful and I've gone once or twice and it's not too bad.
When I've been outwith Broke, however, it has been awful.
Full of under-age wannabe's getting wasted and groups of lads having a VK competition...the music is horribly bad, the dancefloor is ridiculously packed at all times and the floor is disgusting.
They often have themed nights that seem appealing but believe me  - AVOID AVOID AVOID

City holds a highly succesful student night called 'Broke' on a Friday night but I can never understand why it's so popular.
With a student card its £5 to get in which is actually pretty expensive in comparison to some other clubs nearby.
What's more the drink deals are terrible.
What's worse is that they pretend they are giving you a bargain!
They deliberately don't sell pints in order to make people pay for lots of rubbish sugary little bottled drinks such as VKs.
These are sold in deals of three for £8 which are only for people who are anything but 'broke'.
My other issue with City is that it always feels like there nothing to do.
There's nowhere to really sit and chat to people and the only option is to get drunk (which costs an arm and a leg) and hit the dancefloor which feels like a cross between a rave and a giant orgy.
City is possibly my least favourite club in Edinburgh but, as I said, a lot of people seem to enjoy it so give it a try and see what you think.

Who goes here?!
At the ripe age of 21, this was my first ever club experience (don't balk, I'm American).
The horror!!
Who gave all those fifteen year old girls stripper heels and let them in the doors??
There are much MUCH better places to go if you want to pay an unnecessarily high cover and watch people flop around on a dance floor.

I couldn't have imagined that this place could get any worse......I was wrong.
I left City the other night, knowing it was a mere 5 minute walk to my flat and knowing I was totally safe....until I opened my bag and found a bit of paper saying ...  'hey baby, you're sexy, call me on 07921.......'  c'mon, seriously???

I was expecting me to be an outcast by really not liking this club, but it looks like I am not alone.
I have been to City a fair few times and have never had a good night here.
However, the place is always really rammed to the brim making it uncomfortably snug when you get in.
Their Friday nights are famed allegedly alleviating students from paying over the odds, but in fact do quite the opposite- the drink 'deals' are some of the worst I have seen and you can get cheaper entry elsewhere.
When I did go for one of their 'deals' I purchased three bottles of Fosters for me and a couple of friends.
They put the three bottles in front of me, but before I paid them, someone stole a bottle and ran off (a fair example of the clientèle City Nightclub draws).
The bar staff said that I had to pay for all three and called over a bouncer to make sure I did or I would be thrown out.
Despite the club being pretty big, especially for Edinburgh, there isn't enough areas in the club to sit down and actually chat with you mates, which is probably deliberate as this makes you more likely to go for one of their drink 'deals'.
Your other option is to go to the dance floor where you can barely move and are constantly pushed and shoved.
Needless to say, I am not in a hurry to return to City any time soon!

