Good food, decent prices, and the service at this location is good.
I love the new Jalapeño Chicken Sandwich!

It's a chicken chain, but I prefer this grilled up chicken to KFC.
It's one of those chains I'm guilty to like because it's simple and chains tend to be consistent.
Unfortunately, first few times I went here the chicken was undercooked.
Recently we tried to go early since the last few times were near to closing and this time it was cooked just right.
Hopefully it's got its consistency down, but it still averages out to 3 stars from the experiences at this branch.

Mmmmm first time eating here, my expectations arnt high for a place like this, i was expecting same style as a taco bell but a little better portioned.
As i thought, the portions were def.
better and the food better quality.
Not much of a huge fan of drive through eatings but i was in a rush.
I had the double grilled chicken burrito with sweet potato fries and it was ok for what i paid and how fast it was.
The service is quick and the portions are good for the price.
All in all if your in a rush and your on a time crunch, hit the place up.
You cant really go wrong.

Originally was suppposed to be an update for El Pastorcito because we had our minds set(Don't you HATE when that happens?
) on their kick-ass Al Pastor Tacos(A good replacement for those of you who miss what Los Parados served up)Luckily, we called and found out they weren't open for business over the phone.
So El Pollo Loco was plan B....I'd never been, its close by, so WTH, let's go... We pulled up and there was a traffic jam in drive thru.
we step inside and its packed as well, and the chicken on the grilled smelled good...Grilled chicken combo it is!
I love me some legs and thighs(all you horn dogs get your minds out the gutter!
) and the sides(corn cake, mash, slaw, beans, tortillas,etc) were aight...salsas were decent for a chain, but its all about  that crazy chicken!
IMHO, The Crazy Chicken Kicks BOTH the Colonel's(KFC) and the Bee's(Jolibee)a$$ses!.....ALOHA!!

I like the restaurant.
It was nicely clean and well maintained.
There were some people eating, but just a little quiet.
The restaurant was not busy and the order took some minutes.
The food was great and delicious.

El Pollo Loco recently rolled out a menu with 4 new burritos and wow was I blown away.
Their new spicy chipotle burrito is one of the best americanized burritos i've ever eaten.
Chicken, cheese, chipotle sauce, sour cream.. simple but done so well.
I will absolutely be back.. !

I hope they consider making an El Pollo Loco in Hawaii...
It tops KFC, Popeyes, Churchs.
No joke.
The chicken has a marination like no other.
Like it says on their poster...If they tell you what they use they would have to hire you (don't quote me on that...all I know that it is something to that concept)  Service here was ok also.
I would definitely recommend this place if you are wanting to eat some good chicken.

Always consistently good and staff is friendly!
I love this location :)

sweet potato fries amazing!
service good

2 stars 2 words.
Cold food!
Yuck that's a HUGE turn off.
It was old and dry chicken also.

El Pollo Loco has to be one of my favorite fast food restaurants.
This is the only place to get an actual healthy lunch or dinner.
The prices are great and the salsa bar is amazing!
I wish I didn't have to drive like 20 miles round trip to go here.

One of my favorite fast food restaurants around las vegas, regardless of it being a fast food.
Its fresh and healthier then eating a Mickey D fry or burger.
I usually just order the 2 piece meal.
This restaurant beats KFC, Church Chicken and Popeye in my books.
Service is prompt it being a take out and with there friendly smile.
I would recommend this place to anyone wanting to eat chicken or craving for chicken.

It's been a while since I've been to a El Pollo Loco.
So I've been going to this one on N Durango in Centennial Hills area.
I've been here twice and I've been disappointed.
The chicken takes a little old, I can't quite put my finger on it.
I can only say that the flavor of the chicken is not what I was use to when El Pollo Loco first came to Vegas.
I'd rather buy a roasted chicken at Sam's club or the super market.

I really like eating at El Pollo Loco but I will never come to this store again.
The chicken was under cooked and the restaurant was dirty.
Most the tables were un-cleaned and the salsa bar was disgusting.
After I finished eating I went into the restroom to wash my hands and was disgusted by how filthy it was as well.
I am surprised the health department hasn't dinged them.
That said I will still be going to the El Pollo Loco on Cheyenne as it is always clean, the chicken is cooked properly and the services is good.
I'm giving it two stars only because I know other stores are better.

By far my fav fast food joint in any state!
But this specific location surpasses great customer service.
Always so friendly and polite!

I went here once while I agree that the chicken is good, I easily get turned off eating when the dining area is a mess while the store is not busy.
I would understand that if it was busy, but it was 4pm on a Sunday and total of 3 people dining in.
I try to keep my reviews professional, but it's not great seeing napkins on the floor and some sticky stuff on a table.
Ugh, The staff here are friendly and nice, but  seriously speaking, someone take time with the dining room!

My daughters first comment about this place was "why is everything so dirty"?
The place was empty, yet nobody was cleaning the tables.
The food to me was bland, even my non-picky husband didn't like it.
Friendly manager, grumpy cashier.
Will not be back.

Although I absolutely love the chicken and great taste of everything at el pollo loco...
This particular location is ALWAYS.... Out of stuff!
Everything from.... Cilantro dressing to marinade for chicken to sides to actual CHICKEN!!!!
How do u run out of chicken!!?!?
And that has happened to me twice!
The manager and owner really need to get ahold of the demand for service if they want to raise revenue... Or maybe they are ok... Just serving who they can with WHAT they have.
Plus service is a joke!
Most employees think it's funny that they are out of supplies!
I don't !
Especially when u have already waited in their drive thru for over 20 mins to only hear.... "Sorry ..we r out of chicken AGAIN!!

Well, I've just watched this particular El Pollo Loco (#6043) run right through the Restaurant Life-Cycle (TM).
A little over two years ago (I think), when this location opened, I was in hog heaven.
I loved the place:  convenient, fast, clean, and good.
Fast forward to today, and I'm not going to eat at this particular location any more.
The last three times I've been here, the chicken has been over-cooked (dry), the service has been slow, and the store has been dirty.
This last time, the place was so dirty I had to go up to the counter and ask for a wet cloth to clean off the tables.
It took a while to get the attention of the manager, and when I did, she said she'd send someone out to clean the tables in a bit.
When that person did come out, I asked her to clean the table and watched as she sullenly made some half-hearted swipes with the cloth.
Sigh.
If they had just given me the cloth, I would have rather cleaned the place myself and done a better and faster job without the attitude.
If the management and staff of a restaurant can't be bothered to keep the place clean for their customers, then I can't be bothered to eat there.
I'm switching to another location which, though further away and more crowded, I've never had a problem with.

Horrible service and inaccuracy.
Nowhere near the standard of other restaurants in the chain.
It seemed like it was all trainees working.
Will avoid this location for sure

So maybe I just have crappy luck with this place but every time I go in, which isn't often, they run out of chicken.
Ugh.
How does a chicken place repeatedly run out of chicken?
And every time I go in I wait forever and a day for my order.
The two stars are because the food is decent and the cashier was friendly.
I'd like to say I wont be back but....

Before I write my review I want everyone to know the extent I went to, to pass on this information.
I've never used or owned a Yelp account but I heard business take the online reviews seriously so in place of a phone call which I will be making after this post I went through the extra effort to be heard.
El Pollo Loco in Las Vegas Nevada at the centinial location just made me the absolute worst carneasada burrito I've ever had.
It's hard for me to even call it carneasada because about 3 bites in to the burrito I thought it was a little awkward that I was only tasting rice and beans...
So I decided to open up the burrito and then saw that more than half of the opened tortilla had maybe 3 little prices of carneasada.
The frustration this gave me sent me here to share this experience.
This was the worst $7-$8 dollars I've ever spent and the absolute worst burrito I've ever had.
If you find yourself in the area steer clear and save yourself and your appetite.
The burrito can be seen in my profile picture.

WARNING!
Check to see if they give you EXACTLY what you ordered if it is to go..They never get the order right..Whoever owns this place should look into replacing this incompetent staff of low IQ teenagers.

I ordered the taco signature salad and chicken nachos, which was pretty good.
The service was good too.
I will order this again in the future order.

