Had a hectic morning?
Just woken up?
Hellers Kitchen is the perfect place to go to unwind with lunch - and maybe even a cheeky lunch time drink from the small bar while soaking up the relaxed and buzzing atmosphere.
Food has a distinctly home-made feel and flavour to it - the stone baked pizza's are particulary good.
But of course, you could just skip the social convention of mains first and dive right into the deserts - each of which are made in the kitchen and unbelievably tasty.
Hellers Kitchen is, arguably, away from the hubbub of the city centre - but thats not what Hellers Kitchen is for - it is about getting away from it all.

I have to admit what drew me into this place was their window display of yummy cupcakes in the window!
And they weren't just pretty they were yummy too!
Didn't try their food but it certainly smelled yummy and I would like to go back and try it for myself.
The service was excellent and I liked the ambiance of the place- nothing too fussy or pretentious.
Although be warned, around 11 am when  I went, it seemed to be crowded with stay-at-home mums and little kids.
Don't get me wrong there is nothing wrong with mums or children, although the noise level can get a bit too high and it gets somewhat annoying when the majority of mothers are talking to their kids in third person: "What are you doing that?
Mummy is not happy.
Stop hitting mummy.
Jessica/ Derek etc must be nice to mummy, or mummy will not give them cake.
"  Argh!
Other than this, Heller's Kitchen was a pleasant experience and I am looking forward to returning.

Hellers Kitchen is a very modern bistro located on Salisbury Place.
I was drawn here by the cupcakes displayed in the window as they just looked so yummy, they were garnishes with various different colours of cream icing and many of them were topped with jelly beans.
Yummy!
My friend and I decided to pop in for a bite to eat and we both went for a cup of tea and a cupcake each and they tasted just as good as they looked.
The staff were very attentive and friendly and it's an excellent place to chill out, the seats are very comfy and the lay out is fresh, vibrant and very inviting.
In addition to food, Hellers Kitchen also boasts a full bar which is well stocked and if you're looking for an afternoon or early evening tipple then why not, I won't tell anyone.

A cosy wee neighbourhood bistro, it was a nice place for a spot of lunch.
I admit I haven't explored the local eateries of Newington as much as I'd liked but walking to Hellers Kitchen down Causewayside I realised there are a lot of wee restaurants and bistros that offer great lunch deals.
As per Jen-fashion, I'd perused the menu online before but when I arrived and thought I knew what I wanted I was presented with a set lunch which was a pretty good bargain - two courses for £8.95 when the course I'd chosen was £7.50 anyway.
Although I'm getting ahead of myself a little.
The bistro itself is small and comfortable and was filling up with mums and babies, older couples out together, and folk on their lunch break.
The only thing I wasn't too impressed with was the service.
Later on in our lunch, the servers changed and were much friendly.
But when I came in, no one came to seat me, no one brought menus till I asked, and when placing my order I requested one or two things (no goats cheese, dressing on the side) and was given a look like I was an alien and also a royal pain in the bee-hind.
Service with no smile...
The food itself was A-Ok.
The black pudding starter, that should have come with goats cheese except I requested without, was a little dry and overcooked.
The relish it came with helped a bit although I ran out of salad leaves very early on.
The grilled haddock fillet,however, really was delicious.
The roasted new potato slices I tried to avoid but demolished, the fish was cooked to perfection and a good sized portion.
I was impressed.
It was a nice wee spot to chat for an hour or so, it was busy at lunchtime despite being tucked away.
And you really can't come here without mentioning the cakes.
I didn't try them but they sit in the window, tempting all who walk by and they do look quite epic.
The cupcakes look really home-made as each one is slightly risen and bumpy in different ways.
Not quite perfect, but just like grandma used to make.
I'll have to come back to try those....  Food was patchy, although overall satisfying, service could have been a bit smilier but price was A-Ok.
If you're in the neighbourhood it's worth a wee look!

Only a hop, skip and a really fucking long walk away from the city center is this adorable hidden gem.
Yea, hidden is right.
Literally if it weren't for the internet (and my google maps app) this place could.
not.
exist.
But I digress.
(3pm.
Yes Holyrood 9A, 3pm.
That is when this place stops serving brunch.
Take a hint.
)  The place.
Well it's well decorated, plays Frank Sinatra and has comfy chairs.
I'm in love already.
There's artsy photography on the wall and it's got cupcakes in the window.
Win.
The food.
Now... here's where the star is lost.
It advertises "American Breakfast" but there's no drip coffee, there's no lumberjack breakfast, there's no french toast... it's basically got pancakes and hollandaise sauce.
No, not basically... it's got pancakes and hollandaise sauce.
But BOY are they perfect.
They are worth every hop, skip and are we there yet.
Light fluffy, homemade and with maple syrup.
I could not have been more impressed with the pancake making skills.
Now, with that compliment - get on top of some alternatives!
Banana pancakes, chocolate chip, blueberry, apple cinnamon - seriously as easy as ADDING IT TO THE BATTER.
So there's that.
They also have the regular and a veggie version of the regular and eggs a plenty.
And they've got food, that looked amazing... but it's Sunday morning and I want coffee and eggs and pancakes.
So...
I'll have to save that walk for later.
But damn were those pancakes good.
Whenever I am in a city girl brunchy mood  - Find Me Here.

I think Heller's Kitchen must cater mainly to ladies-who-don't-really-lunch.
Ladies who are put off by big platefuls, and who just want to push lettuce around a bit.
That's the only explanation I can think of for the size of the portions.
We actually laughed when they brought our lunch, and asked for bread - which then didn't appear until we were nearly finished.
So - it was okay.
It's a pleasant place to be.
My friend L's goats cheese salad was nice enough, if you're happy with 20 rocket leaves and 10 grams of cheese.
Oh, and a walnut or two.
My haddock and salmon fish cakes were four little deep fried balls, with a few leaves and an underwhelming tomato relish.
The bread, when it arrived, was actually very pleasant - but when someone laughs at the size of their main and asks for bread, they just want bread, immediately, not to wait for immaculately toasted little slices with oil and balsamic.
Ah, I started this with three stars in mind but actually, nah, it was a bit rubbish, and £24 for that lot was just silly.

The only way having a leisurely little brunch here could get any better would be if they were to remove the rather uncomfortable table and chair pairing I was sitting at and allowed me to bring along my own bed.
Perfection.
Heavenly heavenly perfection that would be!
I wandered up here with the marvellous Stephanie D, it is quite a wee trek..... in my head I had a small wee child shouting 'ARE WE THERE YET?!!?!?
' and then we were there.... and then I was stumped.
Scrambled eggs with smoked salmon on a croissant or the Eggs Benedict with smoked salmon......
I don't know how I picked, but I went for the Croissant.
It was delicious.
Granted I could have easily nipped over to Morrisons and bought all the necessary ingredients myself to make it.
But where is the lazy brunch-like fun in that!?
They also do 2 for 1 on main meals between 5 and 7, every night of the week, I think???
Shall be returning to give one of those a go.

Top notch!
Found this jewel almost by accident....
The store front is rather modest -so it would be easy to pass by....
But be sure to go in!!
We were famished & just liked the look of this place, so we ventured in.
Nice & cozy, soft jazz playing, classy, modern decor, great wine selection, & Genuine Fresh Squeezed Orange Juice (yum!).
Hellers is a great place to drop by for brunch, lunch, supper, or take away.
We ended up eating here half a dozen times during our 2 weeks in Edinburgh & each & every time -the food was delicious & the service was superb (our favorite waiter was the tall blonde lad from Aberdeen).
This bistro is classy, elegant, but unpretentious -it also welcomes kids & families & seems to handle everyone's needs just fine.
The hot, steaming, large potions of the daily soups were always nourishing & tasty  -  & often deliciously innovative: i.e.
the Thai chicken noodle soup was spicy: the chillies & the broth were just the ticket to counter a nasty head cold.
The sirloin steak was done a perfect medium & down right mouthwatering.
I had the burger -it's jumbo sized!
The fish & chips were great & the hand-cut chips were just the right balance between fluffy inside & crisp outside.
All in all, we have sampled  numerous appetizers and main courses from both the set menu & the specials blackboard... Every single time, each item was very tasty!!!
Obviously this chef knows his stuff!!!
Be sure to save plenty of room for the decadent desserts.
I think my all time favorite is the sorbet trio: 3 large scoops of tart/tangy/sweet sorbet served in a very classy chilled sorbet glass.... Just the right way to finish your meal & cleanse the palate.
Hellers can fill up easily -so if you can, do try to make a reservation, so you won't be disappointed.
We brought our resident friends here  & now they love Hellers Kitchen too!
I only have one issue with Hellers- I can't bring it home in my suitcase with me, over the pond!
Guess I'll just have to visit Edinburgh more often....
Sigh!
:):)

Hellers is a great lunch location; the food is amazing and the service is always friendly.
I love their breakfast rolls, which are cheap and great quality, as well as their fruit scones and cake selection.
A brilliant little place!

We had a party of 11 there for dinner a few nights ago and everyone loved it.
Terrific mussels, scallops & fish, nice beer list and wonderful service.
We made a reservation a couple of days before and they were all ready for us -- no waiting.
And they got us out in time for a show.

