THE BRANCH BROUGHT IN FROM AMSTERDAM BREAKS When I looked at the menu I immediately and naturally made up my mind and ordered 3 soft shell tacos, and a side of guacamole that totaled a little under $10.
I thought I would try each of the different meats they offer.
Shredded beef, ground beef, and shredded chicken.
This was disappointing because I like the option of grilled meats.
The tacos were nothing special.
Although they are stuffed with the standard which includes: meat, cheese, sour cream, lettuce, and pica de gallo, the flavor was nothing special.
When I think of tasty mexican fare that has been memorable I think of big bold flavors.
The two salsas that were served were both red.
Mild was not very flavorful, the hot was and added a nice little kick to the tacos.
The gauc.
was good.
Although, it was very smooth.
The guac had no chunks of avocado, the texture made it seem as though it had all been run through a blender.
I also think that it was more of a crema which did not please me.
What was nice is that they included a small handful of chips which were very good.
Thin, fresh, and salted to perfection.
Out of the tacos meats I liked the shredded beef the best.
Would I go back?
Sure, but I would not get the tacos again.
Hopefully the chimi will have better luck.

My experience with the Taco Shop was as extreme letdown.
My friend and I hit up Taco Shop after one night and were thoroughly disappointed with our experience.
I could have made the tacos at home.
The tortilla was cold, the cheese tasted like Sargento - not melty and delicious like the asadero cheese from Burrito Drive or the Sabores Latinos food cart.
Not even decent enough for a late night snack.
Horrible horrible horrible.

What's to say?
It's a pretty expensive but homemade tasting food(Is that a good or bad thing - who's to say?
) Like another review said - the cheese tasted like Sargento and I can't disagree.
Because it tastes like something you could make yourself - its easy to say "whats the point?
" I've had it a couple times and I appreciate the taste and price and its nice to goto when Ian's is full but don't expect to be Wow'd or something.

The Taco Shop serves pretty legit Mexican food, but it's nothing special.
Since the bar isn't set so high for Mexican food in Madison, this place makes for a worthwhile stop whenever you're craving it.
Most of the food here tastes like stuff you could make at home.
But saving myself a couple hours of preparing meat and chopping vegetables makes this place seem worth the money.
Sometimes this home-made taste is good, sometimes it's bad.
The burrito, for example, is tasty for this exact reason.
Combine that with how huge it is, and it makes for a great mainstay.
On the other hand, some things like the tortilla chips and salsas thoroughly disappoint.
The chips taste like Tostitos, and the salsa also resembles something you'd get from the discount aisle at the grocery store.
This lack of creativity in places where it really matters leaves you wondering why they even bother in the first place.
Any good Mexican restaurant will go to great lengths to perfect its own salsa.
One exception to the home-made taste is the chimichanga.
It is a delicious fried burrito smothered in all kinds of different sauces, making for a big flavorful mess.
But at 8 to 9 dollars, you'll feel like you're kind of overpaying for it.
It's not THAT good.
However, they at least make up for it by making it so huge that it's impossible to finish in one sitting.
All in all, the Taco Shop earns a solid 3 stars.
It's good Mexican food.
It's not great Mexican food.

With the emergence of significantly more authentic places like Los Gemelos and Taqueria Guadalajara in Madison, I no longer see a reason to ever stop by the Taco Shop.
Really, the only thing keeping them afloat at this point is their convenient location on University Avenue next to all the bars.

meat has no flavor.
black beans were hard...

The Taco shop has great burritos and tacos (and so cheap!
)   The best burrito is the chili verde (pork)  I live near by and eat there all the time.
Ask for the Habenero sauce if you want spicy.

Not very exciting at all, and definitely over priced.
I would only eat their food if someone paid for me to eat it and I were desperate to eat that day.
The ground beef had a bizarre flavor.

This place is great!
My kind of late night food.
The people who work here can be a little strange at times, but i think they mean well.
Go for the chicken tacos!

I made the mistake of taking this places advice and ordering online.
I was quoted 45 minutes for delivery of a taco and chimichanga.
After an hour and 15 minutes, the food finally arrived.
The "crispy" taco was anything but and luke warm on top of it.
Not one crunch from the entire shell.
And the meat was nearly flavorless.
The chimichanga was the same, warm, soggy, and just as tasteless.
Even with sour cream, there was virtually no flavor.
Even the refried beans, which were cold, at very little flavor.
In addition, I had added jalapenos to the meal, something I like to snack on with meals.
These were inedible.
They started off bland and then exploded with what I can only describe as a rotten vinegar taste.
What's more, they weren't even spicy.
I didn't brave the salad after all of this and instead moved to the chips and "salsa".
The salsa, at least, had flavor.
Though, it wasn't very good.
I was given two kinds, but no indication as to what they were.
Neither was hot, both tasted tinny, and I only made it through two chips before I couldn't stomach any more of either.
You'd think that for $2.50 a taco, that it'd be hot, crunchy, and taste like something.
Or that for $8 a chimichanga would be hot, crisp, and seasoned properly.
But then, you'd also expect that things like jalapenos and beans are easy enough to do that they'd be edible.
Between the extremely slow turn around and the horrendous food, the menu is vastly overpriced.
If you're really going to eat something this poor in quality, you should just go to Taco Bell.
I won't eat there, or here, again but if that's what you're looking for, at least you can save money and taste your food.

My girlfriend and I have hit Taco Shop maybe ten times since it opened.
Madison is oddly lacking in quality Mexican (both high end and fast food), especially since the Guadalajara fire.
Taco Shop is great for what it is, which is fast tacos and burritos.
I've never had a bad experience there, including delivery.
It' s not as good as Mexican in SoCal or Texas, but it's convenient and it's light years ahead of garbage like Taco Bell, obviously.
Between here and Gemelos on State, I'd choose Taco Shop.

I went there the other day, because I wanted mexican food and it was close by to my apartment.
Let's just say I will never go back.
It was the most horrible experience I had in any restaurant I have ever been to.
When I walked in, I took a look at the menu and I saw a guy in the back room that was just staring and didn't even say hi or greet us or anything.
Then after 5 mins he came out and just stared at us again and didn't even say anything.
When I started ordering he rolled his eyes at everything I said.
Then he said my total was 14 dollars.
Then I asked him if I could get a side of extra habenero salsa, and he said the nachos already came with salsa and refused to add an extra side of it to the order under any circumstances.
Is this a joke?
He snapped at me.
Then he charged my card and gave me a receipt that said 20 dollars on it when he said my total was 14.
I questioned him as to why this was.
In the rudest and most hostile manner he proceeded to do some weird made up math that made no sense.
I waited to get the receipt and immediately saw mistakes, and he did in fact over charge me and added things I didn't even order.
I slapped the receipt down and demanded for a refund.
At this point he felt stupid and calmed down his hostility.
I got my refund and immediately left.
I recommend not to go to this place unless you want terrible hostile service from psycho people.
He honestly looked and behaved in a deranged manner.
Once again, this was my worse experience in my whole entire life in a restaurant.

Happened to be walking by on Taco Tuesday.
SO, I decided to stop in and try some tacos.
Got a couple beef and pork and chicken.
Very good!!
Great actually!
The reason I gave a 4 star rating is because I got these to go, and I jumped in the car and only had to go a few miles away.
They were wrapped in foil, but, they were not hot when I got back to work.
I wonder if they could warm the shells, too--just a suggestion.
BUT nice, nice guys who work there and the tacos are delicious!

they microwave styrofoam

The food here is edible but not much better than that.
I have gotten food delivered from here and have eaten in the restaurant and have never eaten the food and said man I gotta order that again.
The tacos use lettuce instead of cilantro which I am not a fan of.
There are far better places to get Mexican food in Madison.

At 2am this place seems like the best idea ever!
The line can be a bit of a deterrent and the line barely moves... but if you're going at 2am, you probably don't realize how slow time is moving, so you'll be fine.
One of the few places that makes a legit Chimichanga and that's why I go so often.
Maybe I should try it sober or for lunch to really test this theory.
But yes, drunk food or munchies - this place is a winner in my book.
Call a cab from here, wait in line, get your meal (eat it) and your cab will be there around the time it's all over (give or take).
It's like clockwork.

They get a star because I'm not allowed give them zero.
They called me 15 minutes after my estimated delivery time to tell me they lost my order and can't deliver to me because they are now closed.
Hire people that are not bad at life.

