I am the most uncreative, inartistic person imaginable.
But I like to jump on the bandwagon of such things like making your own jewellery.
I'm no good at it, but this fun little shop makes it possible.
I always admire other peoples jewelery and they rather so smugly tell me they made it themselves from The Little Bead Shop so I insisted a friend take me here.
Firstly, who knew there was so many different types of beads?
I certainly didn't.
Amazing selection of different shapes, textures, colours, patterns.
Of course they have everything you need to put it all together, they even have a table where you can sit and get to work making your creations.
The staff are friendly and helpful, they also do courses in bead making too, which is something I probably need.
Overall I love the idea of this shop.
Great for a girly afternoon where you can browse and get creative.
Be warned it is easy to get carried away and it can end up quite expensive!

The Little Bead Shop is perfect for creative types and in my teens I used to absolutely love making bracelets out of little beads.
I used to try and make the bracelets as colourful as possible but I think if I made them now I'd make them a little bit more subtle.
This place offers a huge range of beads, some big, some small, some cheap, some expensive, some shiny, some glittery... you get the idea, they have a lot of beads.
Ideal if you're feeling creative and want to make yourself a wee bracelet or perfect for a gift with a personal touch to it.
The Little Bead Shop also offers various different jewellery making courses and free demos too.
On a Saturday you can pop along between 2.00 - 5.00 to get your fingerprint or that of loved ones moulded into a sliver pebble charm, the charms start at  £25 so it would be a really cute gift.
I will need to pop along one Saturday!

My sister used tto absolutly love places like this when she was a child - so when her and her friends came up to Edinburgh for the weekend, one of the places they went to was here.
I went in with them for 10 mins or so and was actually gobsmacked by how mich I wanted to have a go at making something out of beads - there are literally millions to choose from and no two are the same, so you will always have something unique at the end of your visit.
You pay on a bead by bead basis, so it may get a bit expensive depending on how exotic your design is, but it seems like its bloody good fun.

This is a little too much for me to handle.
Sorry.....I don't get it.
Yeah it's really colourful and looks really enticing, but come on, £5 for 10 beads??
You having a laugh?
I know there's a market for this, and I understand that it's quite a big one, but sorry little bead shop, not for me

Sometimes I fancy myself a jeweler (or is it jewelery-maker?).
Sometimes I fancy myself a whole range of things I should never have fancied myself to begin with.
But, when I was in my let's-make-pretty-things-to-hang-off-my-ears phase, this place was a first-stop.
It's been some time now, since I've decided that this profession is just not for me (I've moved onto more ridiculous endeavours).
But I do remember it fondly.
The Little Bead Shop uses 'little' correctly in two ways: the shop is tiny and the beads are also tiny (duh!).
I'm sorry, that was bad.
But to continue, it has lots of pretty little bits and bobs, alongside the hoops for earrings and clasps and all that jazz.
The staff there are also immensely helpful and if you're trying to put something together on the spot and your fingers are too fat and clumsy (self-reference here) to do it, they have jewelery-making tools and will happily give you a hand.
Great place to make someone a little present.
Or to get started on your career (who knows!
) as a jeweler.
Pretty good for kids, as well, as long as they're not of the age to swallow the beads.

Like the first reviewer I don't consider myself either artistic or creative but I did want to make a personalised gift for a friend who is getting married.
I've walked past this place many times but never had a reason to go in- I  found the perfect reason and had a specific mission in mind so (hopefully) I wouldnt get too carried away.
I did get carried away though!
This place is amazing!!
I thought I'd get laughed away given my lack of creativity and experience but the woman who works there was lovely and helpful.
She gave me a board to put the beads on so I could try different designs and beads and also talked me throught the options for how to thread it and which clasp to use.
I was scared to take the tiny clasp home which I knew I wouldnt be able to work so  I sat at the little table in the window and spent a lovely half hour making my bracelet and chatting to the owner and her friend who had popped in for a natter.
I left with enough beads and materials to make jewellery for all my friends and family for the next three years and I'm going back next week so she can teach me some more techniques.
I feel a new career coming on!

