Starred city centre restaurant.
Lovely food, but highlight is service.
Although silver service, very friendly and not too formal.
The somelier was very good, she was very knowledgeable and enthusiastic.

I was lucky enough to eat here as part of a Youth Food Week run by Michelin starred restaurants in Edinburgh.
Two of our university lecturers took 9 of us here for dinner (they didn't pay) and it was a very memorable experience.
The menu was a set three course menu at £27.50 a head with wine pairings for each course.
I doubt there will be many times I will eat at a Michelin star restaurant for such a low price with as much wine as we wanted included in the price!
The duck starter was heavenly and for the main course I had the most amazing steak I have ever eaten.
Of course it wasn't just a big lump of sirloin, it was all fancied up in ways I didn't understand, but it was out of this world.
The only downfall was the dessert which was a chocolate pudding thing which was far too sweet for me.
I normally munch down a dessert in record timing, but I couldn't eat it all because it was too much for me.
I felt jealous of my neighbours interesting cheese board!
Despite the fact we were eating on the cheap in such a fancy restaurant, the staff couldn't have done enough for us and treated us like we were normal paying customers.
The Chef even came out for a chat.
The restaurant is beautiful and comfortable.
I really would love to eat here again and again and again.

Just great food, as expected from a 1-star michelin restaurant.
The second one I tasted in Edinburgh in only 2 days.
Quite mad actually!
What I really enjoyed was the old school type restaurant decor with a modern twist thanks to great modern paintings/pictures on the wall.
It gave it a really funky touch despite the grandor of the place.
The staff was really friendly and helpful.
Not overwhelming but happy to have a little chat & laugh on the side.
We had the tasting men, which was fantastic.
7 course I believe, which meant I couldn't finish the petit-fours in the end :D My favorite was the celeri panacotta with its garden vegetables.
Delicious!
The suggested wine was really nice too.
Very pricey though.

Number One is the Balmoral Hotel's Michelin starred restaurant, which in itself gives you an indication that the food here is going to be far greater than your average hotel restaurant fare.
Michelin Star handouts in Edinburgh are few and far between, so if you get the chance to have a culinary experience in any such starred establishment, I would free up a space in the diary.
Number One sits quietly in its prime Princes Street position, not doing anything too outlandish or showy, but making a classy impression, which mixes tradition with style.
The consistently tasty dishes are classic in execution, but with a modern twist, so you're not in danger of those unimpressed looks some dining companions give to modern, tiny food, which is sometimes almost unidentifiable because it's been so artistically tampered with.
The ambience here is smooth and relaxed, and there's very little chance you'll be disappointed.

After realizing I was being too frugal on my UK holiday, I decided to spoil myself at this gem.
It was quite intimidating, since I was eating alone at such a nice place, but the service staff was welcoming and attentive.
Although the menu items were listed as five course meals, they allowed me to order and pay for a few individually.
I was just looking for a cheese board and a nice glass of wine, but ended up trying the foie gras (why not?
I thought.
never tried it before...).
It was pretty pricey, but I was paying with my monopoly money (foreign cash).
I loved the bread, and the little tasty treats they served before and after the meal (the official name escapes me).
Delicious.

To quote Goldfrapp - you're my number one; I'm like a dog to get you   Offering a VEGGIE TASTING MENU menu, how could I pass it up?
Meaty for my parents so everyone could enjoy   Pre-amuse busche - 4 delish little nibbles like pea mousse, beef tartare (for parents), tomato & radish, mozzarella phyllo   Amuse Busche- Butternut Squash Veloute & Mushroom Soup.
Both were rich, thick, savory & creamy.
Couldn't decide which was better   Starters - asparagus tempura w/ asparagus mousse & quail eggs, mushroom soup w/ summer truffle.....give me truffle on anything & it's a winner, no question!
Mains - sea bass w/ veggies thinly sliced for parents - said it was the best fish they had in the country   I enjoyed stuffed artichoke w/ cauliflower gratin, summer truffle & veggies tender & extremely flavorful - w/ walnut gnocchi was creamy & yummy & the gnocchi were the fluffiest little pillows of deliciousness.
perfect tool for scooping up all that yummy walnutty creamy sauce!
Pre-Dessert of praline cheesecake & chocolate sauce   Desserts were raspberry soufflé w/ choc macaroon; choc granitta was the lightest, fluffiest soufflé I've ever had.
After dinner treat was 5 desserts like lemon Turkish delight, passion fruit sorbet bite, & little choc bites like choc hazelnut, choc mint, mini choc bomb   There was a travelling Scotch Cart, travelling Bread Cart ( which was phenomenal!
), everything travelled right to you.....and when you thought you should say no, it would be way too tempting & we'd find ourselves saying okay   They also had a travelling cheese cart that looked awfully tasty but by this point, there was *no way* we were getting even 1 crumble more into our tummies.....next time my Number One!
Number One was our #1 most expensive meal in Scotland - but totally worth it!

THERE WAS A BREAD TROLLEY!
OMG @@@@@   (and a WHISKY trolley OMG!
and a cheese TROLLEY omg!
and a mini HAGGIS petit four entree :))   No photos because it just didn't seem right but had a impromptu meal here and it was absolutely fantastic.
Went for the tasting menu/degustation (it was seventy pounds without wine, six more than the three course option) and it was absolutely fantastic - the scallop and steak were both stand-out favourites around the table.
Service, impeccable.
One of my fellow diners is allergic to both caffeine and chocolate (yes, poor thing) and the staff at Number One happily worked around these allergies.
DO IT!
(also had an Iona Semillion Blanc from South Africa with our meal - price 37.50 and it was very nice)

On our first night in Edinburgh, we ate at the lovely Number One restaurant in The Balmoral hotel.
The decor is a bit odd.
There is a lot of artwork on the wall (and two that we were sitting next to that were half below our table), and they seemed quite eclectic in style.
Some we really enjoyed, others seemed quite bizarre.
That being said, we were seated at our table and given the menus to look at.
We were on a package deal which included the tasting menu, so we had that of course with the wine pairings.
The first fun thing was the bread trolley that they wheeled up to your table.
There were three types of bread: a spelt baguette, cheese bread, and a rosemary bread.
The breads were sliced for you at the table, and the bread slicer gave you the option of the end of the loaf (if that's your thing... it certainly is mine so I took him up on the offer).
We were also served a few delicious bites at the beginning.
To be honest, it was hard not to compare some of the courses to some we had at Andrew Fairlie a few days earlier, since both of the meals contained foie gras and scallops.
The seared foie gras was amazing (better than the foie gras at Andrew Fairlie).
It was decadent and having a bit of truffle with it was just the icing on the cake.
The scallops course was also slightly tastier.
It wasn't as refined, but the flavors were out of this world.
For the rest of the courses, I wasn't overly excited about the cheese mouse that came between the foie gras and the scallops.
Nothing wrong with it, but a tad boring (for me).
The beef was cooked well, and it came with tongue and sweetbreads!
I'm definitely an offal sort of guy, so this was very nice.
The dessert was good.
A bit chocolately and a good way to end things.
We opted for the additional cheese course, and I'm glad we did.
There was a huge selection of cheeses available, and while the cheese man was willing to give us a plate to share, we got our own (mostly because I love goat cheese, and well, the other half hates it).
We were both quite happy with the selections we had with the cheese.
The meal was really tasty.
Maybe not quite as refined or interesting as some of the other places I've been, but everything was well cooked and enjoyable.

I was treated to a meal at number 1 for my birthday and what a treat it was.
Totally opposite experience to James O, so maybe they've stepped up their game since that review was posted.
We had three courses, and each one was interluded with a tasting style menu of canapés.
The bread and cheese trolley was out of this world, easily found in any artisan bakery.
The food was one of the best meals I've had in Edinburgh, every course was delicate and full of flavour.
The loss of one star is due to the atmosphere.
It's a little pretentious.
It has a dining room feel to it, however your fellow diners are banker types in suits, and the odd couple on a romantic date.
We didn't feel as relaxed and made a move as soon as the bill was paid.

This was one of the worst restaurant meals of my life.
My fiance and I came here on a recommendation from our hotel, and after hearing how many Michelin stars this place had been awarded, we figured we were in for a fantastic meal.
Firstly, let me say that this restaurant has absolutely no atmosphere.
It's incredibly stuffy and just generally very old-world, whilst simultaneously trying not to be.
That being said, I wouldn't have really minded had the meal been enjoyable.
The meal started with several canapes that didn't seem to go together, much less taste good on their own.
I had a feeling after tasting the foie gras macaroon that the meal was only going to be down hill from there.
Nevertheless, I tried to maintain an open mind.
However, each dish that they brought us proved to be one let down after the next.
By the end of the meal, I was so looking forward to dessert - but even the soufflé was horrendous.
We have eaten at restaurants all over the world, and never have we had a recommendation that proved to be such a massive let down.
We had a far more enjoyable meal the following night at Ondine.
This restaurant needs to make up it's mind (and replace the carpet).
Will be shocked if they get a Michelin star for 2013.

We stayed at the Balmoral hotel - which was okay, probably not worth the price.
Their reservations staff are not great - when we made the room reservation, we also booked the restaurant - with quite a few e-mails back and forth.
When we got there, they had made our reservation in their sort of dinky bistro restaurant, not the nice one.
So we tried to change it and were told that there were absolutely no tables available.
When we went down for dinner, my husband said "let's just look in on the nice restaurant and see if they have a table"  I am so glad we did as the place was about half empty ,AND STAYED THAT WAY, which is too bad if others missed out on a wonderful meal.
The chef uses local, Scottish ingredients, so the menu changes.
Everything was deliciously prepared, elegantly served, and interesting without being odd or overwhelming.
We had a wonderful meal and found the service attentive and pleasant.
Like the hotel it is in, it is not cheap, but unlike the hotel, it is worth the price.

Ok, first the good stuff.
The service was impeccable.
The presentation of the food was perfect.
The ambiance was relaxing, comfortable,  and subdued.
Sorry, maybe i'm too down to basics, but the foods we ordered were so fancy and constructed that they were unidentifiable.
Even now we do not know what some of the items on our plates were.
By the end of dessert we were hoping not to have any more "foams".
Too much chemistry here.
Elegant does not have to be exotic.
A simple creme brulee for dessert would have been nice.

For my birthday, I was treated to an outstanding 9 course meal at the glamorous Number One restaurant within the Balmoral Hotel in Edinburgh.
Number One is a well known Michelin-starred restaurant which is regarded as one of Scotland's best.
The team is lead by Executive Chef Jeff Bland, who uses top Scottish ingredients to create edible art which both fascinated me and tasted incredible.
We started with cocktails &'canapés in the bar - fois gras macaron anyone?
Bizarre?
Yes, but utterly delicious.
We decided to have the chef's tasting menu with matched wines.
They give you a basic menu which literally gives a basic clue as to what you'll be served.
When each course arrived we dissected them and analysed them to discuss the ingredients and cooking methods.
It's a foodie thing.
We need to work out what herb that's in the sauce, or how the salmon was cooked!
We had a selection of breads to choose from to begin with - I opted for a cheese and caramelised onion loaf.
It was divine.
I'm not going to give a blow by blow breakdown of each dish - there is so much detail that I could go into, and I think the pictures on my blog speak for themselves.
This meal, or should I say culinary experience, was just brilliant.
The only meal I can compare it to is Restaurant 21212, but as they're both very different, I couldn't possibly pick a favourite.
The restaurant is low lit, comfortably quiet and spaced and beautifully decorated.
The staff are absolutely fantastic: you're served by a host of staff from waiting staff to a sommelier.
Everything is explained, the food is beautifully cooked and presented.
The service was slick and yet not too pretentious (yes, there is such a thing).
I'd recommend dining here to absolutely anyone who enjoys top quality food.
After our meal we decided to try out the trendy Balmoral Bar!
A fantastic night!

The Good: The Bread Trolley, Saute Foie Gras, 40 day aged Beef, Roomy dining room The Bad: £15.50 for the Cheese Trolley.
Overall: A good dining experience but there are better 1 star restaurants in Edinburgh.

Number One is in our Top Three - we were impressed by everything.
The decor is so fun!
Very chic plus "old school" but also very comfortable.
The food was beyond - perfection.
We couldn't believe how complex and absolutely delicious every single thing was.
(We did the tasting menu + wine pairing.
) Lastly, and maybe most importantly these days...the service.
Absolutely impeccable.
Our wine was always perfectly timed with our food.
The level of finessed collaboration was impressive.
Everyone was extremely knowledgeable about what we were eating - not just a couple of people.
We loved that there were only a few different types of bread to choose from (vs 8, for example!
) We felt like Number One is just the way a very fine restaurant should be.
Particularly a Michelin starred restaurant.
It was divine.
A wonderful, special treat that exceeded our expectations.
Thank you for such a special and delicious evening.

Great service, an exquisite meal and a really nice atmosphere.
A wonderful venue for a "special occasion" dinner.
This swanky restaurant is located on the B1 level of the Balmoral Hotel.
Pre-appetizer "tastes", appetizers, mains & desserts were all perfectly executed and deliciously tasty.
The petit fours topped off the meal... A dining extravaganza!
Highly recommended.
Beware, top notch dining comes at a top notch price but OK to splurge for that special occasion.
Just be sure to check that you have a sufficient credit line on your card before attempting to pay :)  Dinner for 2 with gratuity came to £ 240.

My wife and I and our two children are visiting from San Francisco, and had a wonderful meal last night to celebrate our wedding anniversary.
Expensive, yes, but also exceptionally good food and service.
Manager Gary Quinn was terrific and ensured it was a night to remember.

