It's impossible to describe this place adequately.
All three of the branches in Edinburgh (also on the Royal Mile and in the Grassmarket) are tiny and absolutely crammed with any type of trinket you could ever imagine.
The kinds things that you see when you're in Morocco, South America or Thailand and would love to buy but know there's no point even trying to get it back the the UK in one piece.
They have drapes, throws, incense, jewellery, handmade notebooks, hanging masks/purses/bags/just about anything you can think of to hand-make... but the best thing is the prices.
The kind of ethnic-looking jewellery or homeware you'd happily pay loads for in a department store can be snapped up here for pennies.
Don't miss... the pashminas.
The amount of times people have stroked whichever of Lokaah's pashminas from my extensive collection that I'm wearing that day and asked where I got it from, and told me how they bet it had cost a bomb, has to be some kind of indicator!
What's more, you can bag yourself one for as little as £2.
My description of this place doesn't do it justice - you have to go and see for yourself.

Lokaah is the sort of place that could potentially really irritate me.
It could be the sort of place that accommodates for the "hippy" or "alternative" market with pretencions of being somehow really different whilst actually being like a lot of other places a lot like it.
But somehow Lokaah has a real charm.
This shop sells a variety of Asian scarfs, throws and pieces of clothing as well as jewellery, accessories, some generic eastern ornaments, incense, as well as some other bits and bobs thrown in like purses and bags.
Actually it all manages to be pretty decent quality.
The shop has the lovely permanent incense smell, and the interior is full of warm welcoming colours.
I came here while looking for a throw for my new flat and ended coming away with a few things.
For one the prices are really great and there are always deals and discounts on.
Lokaah is also a convenient place for buying gifts and presents.
One word of warning: Lokaah is currently advertising itself as closing down.
Now Lokaah has said this several times before but if you do really want a visit it's maybe worth checking out soon just in case.

