Great happy hour.
Fantastic prices.
Fun music and videos.
A must stop by bar with a good neighborhood feel.

Went here for the first time last night.
It is definately a welcome addition to the area!
It was busy but not packed, and there were 4 bartenders on, ensuring prompt service every time.
The people working are definately not the most knowledgable (I know, I know, the place is still new) but they are extremely friendly and went out of their way to make sure that every drink tasted a-ok!
I got mai-tai's the whole night(took me back to South Beach!
) and they were very good.
The others in my group enjoyed basic mixed drinks and tasty martinis.
The place had great music on and a fun movie in the background to look at.
Maybe they could get some more seating though, because last night wasn't too busy and it was still difficult to snag a spot!

Made it to the Koi 2x.
Has a funky hip look to the bar.
Both nights 5-8PM there was only one bartender on staff and we had to wait a bit for our drinks (not that big of deal).
They have several TV's and one projection light box.
The feeds to the TV's look like they are showing a VHS tape.
TV's are typically showing movies and there are plenty of booths to sit in that look like they were made by hot rod guy (cool in my book)  They offer a pool table, old school shuffleboard, and a sit down Ms. PacMan machine.
They also have a handful of board games to take back to your table.
They are putting in 2 patios which should be available by mid June.
Overall I think they have the perfect mix of things you need!

Great cocktail selection, fancy atmosphere.
Reasonable price (martinis around $7).
The bartender was very attentive and the drinks were great.
If you're looking for a more "hip" bar scene and want to be off-campus, check this place out.

This place is pretty sweet.
Great atmosphere, good selection of music.
Good tap beers.
Old movies on roll, nice chill bar.

This bar has a great atmosphere, great drink list and a great staff.
I really enjoy going here, despite its location being a bit out of the way.
I recommend you check it out if you live in the Madison area.

Really uniquely decorated place!
The bartenders were quick and friendly.
They also have shuffle board which I love!

Cool little place, nice interior decor, very interesting drinks, nice staff, good music, nice place to chill and talk; just wish it was closer to everything.

We needed something like this in the Fitchburg area!
I love the daily specials - esp ladies night!
All around fun place to hang out.

The bartenders here are great!
They are fast, friendly, and actually know how to make drinks!
Excellent REAL long islands and mojitos.
By REAL, I mean the bartenders make them instead of using premixed bottles.
Great drinks at a much more reasonable price than you would pay down town.
I love the shuffleboard!
The outdoor patio is also really nice in the summer.

Kick ass place.
Relaxing and nice menu.
Pizza joint next store is great for food.

I held my 30th bday party here in 2011. awesome!
great atmosphere, great decor, good prices!
the private room can be held with a free reservation.
The owner was very cool about us putting up b-day decorations, balloons and signs, and also allowed us to cater in appetizers from another company.
The bartender's were nice, but a little slow.
It was a pretty packed bar, but over all was the best birthday party ever!
Great bar for age 26 and up!

The Atomic Koi Cocktail Lounge.
The name invites questions...but the bar gives answers.
It is Atomic...and serene all at once.
Cocktails?
Over 100.
Lounge?
You bet.
On the website, it's billed as an "Asian Infused Retro Lounge.
" I just bill it as the place to chill.
If you want to hang out a place where you are instantly transported to the 60's, the Koi is the place.
Frank, Dean and Sammy would be proud.
This is a cocktail lounge in the extreme sense.
From the book o' cocktails to choose from to the bartenders who have a keen sense of what is needed, the Koi is the ultimate solution to any problem.
Need some Koi Therapy?
I'm buying!

This is one of the most interesting watering holes that I have ever been to.
It is an extremely unique vibe to it with a nifty Koi tank and a nifty asian-sensation bar.
This place isn't in the best location in my opinion and you really have to know where it is to attend a night out here.
Personally I wish it was more in an obvious place because it really deserves more recognition than it is getting.
This gives Fitchburg another cool place to go and relax aside from the Great Dane.
They have a great outdoor patio that is almost as big as their indoor seating and this is probably the one and only problem that I have with Atmoic Koi.
That is the indoor seating, for some reason, in my personal opinion, it seems a bit cramped with not a ton of seating, when you are their on a busy night (friday or saturday) it seems impossible to find a seat.
Other than that, the atmosphere is spectacular, one of my favorite features is the large wall sculpture of a Koi fish.
It isn't true rock but it is made out of concrete I learned from one of the bar tenders which seems to have taken quite a bit of time!
This gives such a classy feeling to this spectacular place.
They also have a few TV's sometimes that have a cool movie on or some sports games etc... A shuffle board and some darts complete this hidden Fitchburg Gem for one of the greats in the Madison area alone.
MORE PEOPLE NEED TO GET IN HERE SO HEAD THERE AND GIVE IT A SHOT!
its a blast haha  All together this is definitely a great place to enjoy with a few friends for a quiet night out and some great and reasonably priced drinks.

Great retro cocktail lounge in Fitchburg.
They have a great drink menu (provided in booklet form) and their prices are reasonable.
It has a funky vibe and a somewhat "astro" motif.
TVs play old movies, not much seating in the bar area but a great patio in the summer months.

Just plain awesome!
Love it.
Have visited the Jade Monkey and thought we would give the Atomic a try.
Will spend our money at both places!
Tremendous job !
will cocktail there every chance we get!

Cool place!
Christy the bartender was pleasant, professional and most attentive.
Interior is interesting but not distracting.
Music and video complement this offbeat joint.
AND!
Roman Candle Pizza is across the hall, and many patrons ran there for a slice then brought it back to Koi to munch with their cocktail.
If they can attract the diverse crowd that the Jade Monkey gets, this is a winner.
If Atomic Koi becomes another happy hour hole full of uptight suburban whitey, debating the merits of lawn tractors and nannies, it is destined to follow Kelly's to the great equipment liquidator in the sky.

bartender was very nice.
We were 4 of 5 people in the bar and he was attentive as well as did not appear bored or annoyed for the small customer count.

We love the Koi, though as someone else mentioned, it's tough to find a seat on a Friday night.
They have a shuffleboard table as well.
Cool date place.
Cool place to meet a lover ; )  This is the sister bar to Jade Monkey, which another very cool bar!

I have been to Atomic Koi numerous times and have really enjoyed the atmosphere.
However, last evening a bunch of coworkers and I went there for a drink and to celebrate a baby shower and we were almost harassed by the bartender working.
She told us it was "inappropriate" for us to have the shower there because it was a bar.
We were just looking for a fun, relaxing environment.
We have had three baby showers at this venue and not once were we made to feel like we were bad people.
Upon entering, we were stopped and told that we should have a reservation and could only be there if we were drinking.
There were four people in the bar and it was 5:00 pm.
One of our coworkers had brought her two year old and the bartender rudely told her that she needed to leave immediately.
I completely understand not allowing children, but to be rude and force her out is completely uncalled for.
Another coworker had ordered a few drinks and had carried one out as we were being forced out of Atomic Koi.
The bartender made a big scene and grabbed the full beer out of her hands and carried it back in.
When we tried to get our money back, the bartender was rude, kept rolling her eyes and said we were "acting like a high-schoolers trying to sneak drinks out".
This was a horrible and unfortunate experience all around and it has completely turned me off from going there again.
Don't waste your time or your money at Atomic Koi.

The bartenders are awesome and the place always looks great

Great neighborhood bar for SOLA (South of Lacy).
Fantastic bartenders.
Strong mixed drinks.
Good beer selection.
Fancy cocktails.
Entertaining movies in the background.
Good music selections on jukebox and by the bartenders.
An oasis in the burbs!

I am just waiting for the day this bar closes down because it really needs to.
Lets just say that absolutely nothing about the Atomic Koi is a positive in my mind including their rude and terrible bartenders, the crappy 80's movies they have on the TV's, the atmosphere that is as ugly as the blue Christmas lights on the patio, and the lack of people.
I was told not to write this review since we live in the area but sorry....I am not going there anymore so I am going to have at it.
Last night we went to Atomic Koi for some drinks as we have many times before.
The 4 of us were literally the only people there.
The bartender, who was new since I have never seen him there before, was a asshole specifically to me.
I wish I could say that this was an isolated incident but each time I have been there the bartenders are pricks.
So, Atomic Koi and your overpriced drinks....so long because my business is gone.
Please somebody buy this place and turn it into a Sports Bar or something worth going to.
Obviously the rest of Fitchburg feels the same way since I never see anyone there.

I've been to the Koi several times, and the Jade Monkey (its east side sister) a gazillion more.
The drink menu is awesome and the service has always been great.
I'm fond of their martinis, perhaps a little too fond if-you-know-what-I-mean.
Even though the Koi is really close to where I work, it's not close to where I live, which makes it hard to be a real regular.
The upholstery work in the bar, actually both bars, is phenomenal, and the decor is clean and crisp, if a little cold.
This is a good addition to the area, and I appreciate the fact that no one rolls their eyes as I plow through the little dish of snack mix at happy hour.
Ya don't want me drinking without some sort of food, let me tell ya!

just like the jade monkey (also cool), AK's retro decor and 80s movies on tap are no match for the drink menu.
try the tiramisu martini or the elderflower mojito.
they're like a party in your mouth.
L.I.
teas aren't bad either.
bring cash.

Anyone who knows me knows how much I love this bar!
It reminds me of the dive-y LA bars that I miss so much.
They have a great interior; think dark, oddball movies always playing and pool tables at the tail end of the bar.
They also have a vast array of drinks.
Yeah they have a regular full bar but they also have a lot of specialty shots and drinks.
My current favorite is the oatmeal cookie shot.
The man loves their peanut butter and jelly shot which I also think is great!
Their bartenders are great too!
They have this subtle 'I think I'm cool' rock-a-billy vibe that is really cute.
They are very light on the convo but know how to make a great vodka gimlet so I can't complain.
It's kind of hard to rally friends to come here because apparently it's a little on the pricier side but I think this place is great and I always try to talk to this place up to anyone who'll listen!
I do have a couple of gripes about this place though.
I kind of wish that they served food.
There is Roman Candle next door that will deliver I believe but what if I don't want a pizza?
What if I want wings or dare I say cheese curds or something?
I also know that if this place had more tv's  especially during game days I could get the man to come more often.
I'm sure that would take away from the vibe a little though.
Either way I love this place the way it is and wouldn't change too much about it!

Nice place to hang out, friendly bar staff, great drinks, they have a pool table that is one of my favorite things to do while hanging out there and it's very contemporary style with low lighting which I really enjoy..

Stopped in for some of their original drinks, bartender was great and has a nice vibe, can't wait to go back to check out the outdoor patio, 'tender made signature drinks on the spot, they know what they are doing for you to have a good time, don't miss this place!

Love coming here on a Saturday night.
It's a great almost unknown place in my opinion.
I typically order either a cranberry vodka or Long Island ice tea.
Both are made as I like them to me.
My too strong but just enough to where I can talk surely taste the booze.
The ambience is great.
You get the feel you're at a middle scale bar.
They have a great patio for summer nights that I would take full advantage of when the stars are out.
Creates a very intimate feel in many ways.
Inside, they have a few flat screen TV's  where some movie is always playing.
Last one I went, it was Rocky II.
They also have pool and darts which I usually never play and a really nice back room for more private seating.
Overall, this is a.
Great place to go for couples looking to have some late night drinks.
The bartenders have been pretty chill  the times I've gone.

