If ever I feel the need for a take away, and I want to make a feast out of it, this is where I come.
The reason is simple: the food here is great, and the portions are massive.
A huge menu of curries, indian dishes and kebabs are on offer at Chilli Connestion as well as all the side orders and starters you could ever want.
The food is spiced to perfection, the sauces are flavoursome and rich with plenty of meat in them.
The naan breads are huuuuuge, and are always soft and perfectly cooked.
Chilli Connection has a quick delivery service, which you can order online for or ring up for.
My only criticsm of Chilli Connection is sometimes the service in the actual shop is poor, but for the amount of time you spend in there, this is nothing.

Chilli Connection offers great Indian takeaway food at reasonable prices considering the size of the portions.
The selection of curries is plentiful with just about any meat served in balti, dhansk, masala or virtually any other conceivable spices combination.
On top of this they serve a selection of naan breads, kebabs and rices to really quell your hunger.
The first time I visited this curry house was just prior to a night out when my friends and I reckoned some spicy food would set us right up for a night on the tiles.
I ordered the spicy chicken wings with chilli sauce and when they said 'spicy' they meant spicy.
One mouthful in and I had the full works - watery eyes, runny nose and my mouth felt like a firework had just exploded in it.
The surprising thing was that it still tasted amazing!
There was genuine flavour as opposed to just raw heat and spice which can only be a sign of quality cooking.
I would certainly recommend Chilli Connection in terms of flavour and value.

If you ask any University of Edinburgh student who has lived in Newington where a great takeaway is, Chilli Connection will almost certainly be the answer.
It seems to have gone down in folklore as THE place to get curry, kebabs or pizzas in that part of town.
This reputation is helped by the location, on South Clerk Street.
This is right on the route most students staying at Pollock Halls of Residence, near Holyrood Park, will take home from a night out.
You can quite easily fall into Chilli Connection, and come out minutes later with some wholesome takeaway goodness.
Let's be honest - the food is nothing to write home about.
It's fairly unremarkable takeaway quality food.
It is the location of this place that makes it worthy of four stars.
Having sampled one of the their pizzas at some unearthly hour in the morning, it very much hit the spot, as anything would have done at the that time.
Prices are reasonable, and service is OK.  Chilli Connection are a great default option for any takeaway needs you might have.
Whilst others may have better quality food, you'd be a fool not to check out such a legend.

A few weeks ago I would have said that Chilli Connection is a great place to stop by to grab your lunch or dinner.
The food is tasty and the service is friendly and very fast which is good as you don't have to hang around for a while waiting for your order.
The menu is very expansive and they offer a set menu for two people with starters, main dishes, rich, poppadoms and side bits for £15 which is very reasonably.
The main dishes are in the region of £5-8 and they have good selection of veggie dishes to.
HOWEVER, they failed a health inspector report in March as the staff failed to wash their hands and there were mouse droppings on the floor.
The owners have since said that have completely cleaned up the place, but it does make you think twice about going there fore food which is a shame as the food is quite wonderful.

Fresh enough, tasty enough and cheap enough Chilli Connection is a kebab, curry and pizza place which ticks enough boxes but doesn't particularly stand out...
I hadn't been here in a while (before last night maybe 3 months) however I had a craving for a cheap and cheerful curry rather than my normal preference for a great curry...  Chilli Connection fills that need, a set meal for 1 only costs £8 and it includes a popedom, some vegetable pakora and a choice of classic curry with either rice or nan.
In short you get a big bag of food for less than the curry alone costs elsewhere, all be it for a better dish.
The shop looks a little worse for wear however the curries are good enough, packed with meat and for the price great value.
Chilli Connection is an ideal place to sooth those post pub food cravings.

