This place used to be my local, and I spent a ridiculous amount of my life (and student loan!
) eating and drinking here.
There is a good sized outdoor area to the front, so in summer it's a great place for lazy sunday afternoons with a pint of cider or a glass of rosé, although this does also double as the smoking area which means if you're a non-smoker you may not love having to walk right through the middle of it to get into the place.
That said, once you do get inside I reckon it's worth it.
Drinks are reasonably priced, especially if you're a student and you sign up for their Student Recommended card.
The food offers really good value for money too: I don't think I've ever seen so many different burgers on one menu before.
I haven't yet managed to work my way through all of them, but so far so good.
It's the usual pub grub that you'd find anywhere (fajitas, fish & chips etc) but it's does well and it usually arrives really quickly.
The pub quiz on a sunday is definitely worth doing, although it doesn't start until 9pm, which means you usually end up finishing just in time for closing time at 1am... not ideal if you struggle with monday mornings!
The prize is always a £30 bar tab, and they always have a prize for the losing team as well, which varies every week.
I'm pretty sure it's just whatever the quizmaster finds in the boot of his car... last week we were the unlucky losing team, and our efforts were rewarded with a box of firelighters!
At least when the bbq season gets underway we'll be prepared...

The Links offers all you should expect from a pub/sports bar.
Student discount on reasonably tasty pub grub, plenty of sports viewing screens and a tidy oak interior result in a yet another of a large list of drinking spots around Edinburgh.
Nothing special and nothing out of the ordinary here, much like this review.
Nonetheless, at least I've highlighted a reliable watering hole.
It's currently under refurbishment (see picture) so expect a new and improved Links coming soon.

I was always told that when I went into second year, The Links would be the new Crags.
I was lied to.
yeah the Links is just like the Crags, same management and same menu and drinks deals.
But something is just not right,...
I came here recently with my dad on a nice summers day, we wanted somewhere cheap and cheerful for a burger with outdoor seats.
The Links seemed perfect.
However my burger was horrible, really greasy and my dad's was just plain disgusting.
I asked for lemonade, which was just fizzy water, and my dad's lager was cider.
The staff weren't very attentive, we had to get everything we wanted inside ourselves.
I wasn't overly impressed with the Links!!
It's ok for a couple drinks or to watch the rugby, but the food is p*sh.

Over the past year, the Links Bar has become one of my new places to drink in Edinburgh.
With living in Bruntsfield it is quite close and this place has become the bar of choice for many students in the surrounding area!
The bar has a couple of pool tables and widescreen televisions for those important football matches.
During semester, this place is very busy when the football is on, so if you want a seat, come early to avoid disappointed.
For students, the prices of drinks are more expensive than your typical student union, but what bar isn't?
The food is alright, not the best, but certainly not the worse.
Students can also enjoy two main meals for the price of one, so it is ideal for students who want to go out for a meal on the cheap!
Service can be slow at times, but overall it is pretty good for an evening's entertainment!

This was pretty much my home in 2nd year of uni, and it did the job well.
The pub is pretty big, with a good outside seating area for a bit of summer drinking and smoking.
The staff are friendly and it is on the SR card, giving you drinks reductions (admittedly not as good as a few years ago but better than nothing).
Packed with students, the Links is definitely a young persons bar.
The drinks there are all good, and pretty cheap as well though.
Steer clear of the Guinness though, as it has played havoc with everyone's stomach the day after.
They also sell Sahara nuts, which are so more-ish, I must have spent hundreds on them.
They have two pool tables at the back, which used to be free weekdays from 2 till 6.
This offer isn't there anymore, but I have been told it is coming back.
As well as this they have a pub quiz that is always pretty good fun, except it is the worst I know for people cheating on iphones.
Overall a good cheap pub for students, especially celebrating after exams, but for others there are better ones around the Bruntsfield area.

Good Location, new bones (recently had renovations), just a average old' gal with a pretty face really.
Service is okay, Washrooms were warm (I swear, edinburgh rarety), Food.. meh..

I've attended a few group drinks nights at The Links and have always really enjoyed myself.
The service is great and they're very accomodating.
They've got a few private function rooms with lovely decor.
The large patio area in front is fab in the summer!

Really like this bar on a sunny day having a Guiness watching the world go by from their beer garden.
The have a nice selction of shorts and resonable offerings on tap.
The staff even managed to intoduce me to a new vodka that is now a firm favourite.
Eaten here a couple of times off the tapas menu and really enjoyed what I had, as did my companions for the evening.
There is a loyalty card system that gets you 10% off as well.
Needless to say like all these card things I have to rely on my other half as I lost mine in 5 minutes.

I wasn't impressed with The Links Bar.
Although interior okay it lacked any kind of atmosphere.
Service was okay, we didn't eat but wasn't all that happy with the drinks i had a flat coke and my husband had a pint of beer that just tasted off he wasn't impressed either!

This place as had a bit of a face lift!
Last time I was in here (back in my student days) it was a sports bar, rugby tops and framed team shots plastered across the walls.
Thought I'd stepped into the wrong bar when I came here for a function event recently.
It's been done up!
New big print trendy wallpaper, new furniture, contemporary design and full glass doors, it's stepped up a notch or two in image.
But sadly I have to agree with Nic G. there is just no atmosphere in here.
At least when it was a sports bar there was a bit of a buzz.
Now it's just... blah.
Still, it's really cosy, heating is up high!
Our function area, consisted of two rooms at the rear right and with very our bar, although it was barely manned.
Service in the main bar was alright though.
We had Indian snacks and potato wedges served at the function which were all really tasty and barely lasted 5 minutes.
Although the drinks are pricey, I had a bottle of coke as I was driving, £2.95!
Almost the same price as an alcoholic drink.
Ouch!

The Links Bar shouldn't really be as good as it is, after all it's a hotel bar...
The thing is it is also a pleasant pub, with a large patio to the front overlooking the Bruntsfield Links, and they have a good range of beers and spirits.
The bar staff are friendly and if you decide to eat here the food comes out reasonably quickly and is tasty, the tapas menu would be ideal for a large group of people too.
All in all a good bar to drink or eat in and on a nice day the ideal location just to people watch and while away the afternoon.

Food is so so.
Good for watching a rugby game and having a pint.

The Links Hotel has always been for me a stop off when visiting coop cycles next door for a lunch bite, of after work on a Friday in the summer for a beer.
But as I was very early for a meeting on Sunday(10am) required a place nearby that served reasonably priced fare, and only a ten minute walk from the cinema.
With a multitude of coffee shops and breaky bars in the Bruntsfield area I knew about, though would I get into one of the ones bookmarked - could see into them but all seemed full, those early birds who popped in for breakfast!
I kept walking until I remembered having food at the Links a while back before its refurb and knowing full well there was no busy rugby weekend it should be quiet, therefore not forcing me to walk the extra half mile marathon in cold weather to nearest Costa.
Thankfully it was really empty, with only a few residents in and one guy with his laptop.
Asking if they had wifi and if I needed a password, the guy serving supplied a password; though not sure if it's limited one, but try using (2704653058 ) if prompted at login.
As running a bit late now never had time for a cooked breakfast but plenty for a coffee.
I had asked for a white coffee when I came in and was kind of surprised to see it was delivered in a latte type glass.
When I quizzed the waitress if it was a latte as not in a normal coffee cup was told yeah it was but she would remake it if ness?
As a meeting within the next thirty minutes was looming just accepted it, but it was luke warm on the cusp of being a cup of cold milk; great in summer, not so good at temps outside of 0 degrees.
But they do have wifi, sport on wide screen tv, and got some work done, with cheap coffee less than £3, so what is the moral, make time for breakfast

I used to go to this bar a lot back in my uni days, but recently when Sara P and I were walking to her house, and I was about to pass out because I was so hungry, we decided to pop in here for dinner.
Since then, we went back again, this time with Joe A. and just for a few drinks.
It has had a much needed refurb since I used to visit and looks a lot better.
Pretty chilled out environment.
There are two sides to the place (literally), if you turn right when you go through the door then there is more of a restaurant feel to it, if you turn left then there is often sport of the TV and a couple of regulars propped up at the bar.
Staff are pretty friendly and attentive.
The first time we went, we were served by a very helpful lady who went out of her way to serve us.
The second time the men behind the bar seemed pretty decent.
Granted it was a weekday both times we visited, but it was pretty dead.
It used to be full to the brim with students and every day is a weekend for them so I don't know if they are trying to move away from being a student pub a bit now.
The menu is quite attractive and when I ate there I had a steak pie and it was pretty tasty.
I think this place is what it is.
They are always showing sport, the drinks are pretty cheap and they serve pub food.
One thing though, in the summer it is usually mobbed as they face out onto the Bruntsfield Links and have lots of tables outside so it is great to sit in the sun (if we ever see it again).

Wow the Links bar got all grown up....!
I have to admit I have been avoiding this place for the last few years purely on the presumpotion that well I was a little too old to hang out here now!!
Those heady days of being 25 and hungover and in need of nachos and a screen showing rugby/football etc a distant memory.
So I was truly astonished to find myself sitting outsidre here a few weeks ago, glance at a menu and see "seafood platter"!!
This cannot be the same place where I once downed a dirty pint standing on a pool table while a rugby team chanted at me questioning my sexuality based on the duration of the "downage" of the pint....!?
But in fact it is, its been Marchmontised I'ld say, and to be fair its really great.
Lovely spot to enjoy a sunny day with a qaulity craft beer.
Highly JD Recommended!!

The Links Bar is an oddity!
It's a quiet, out of town hotel bar which can turn into the biggest wave of activity at the drop of a hat.
It has lots of flat screen TVs, which when there are an array of different sporting competitions running simultaneously, can be a great thing.
Though admittedly the screen in the middle of the bar is a little distracting when one is trying to converse over a pint.
I didn't think I cared for cricket until one particular visit!
The alcohol is fairly standard.
I'm a cider drinker by trade, but find myself resorting to lager when I visit as their selection is limited.
Having said that, they do keep their lines clean, so whatever you choose, you'll get a good pint.
I've not had too much in the way of food since they offered their tapas selection.
Since this was a while ago and they no longer serve that menu, I'm not best placed to comment.
Though it does look and smell good when the food goes out.
I've been in a load of times over the last couple of years, and certainly with its spacious beer garden overlooking Bruntsfield Links, this place should be on your 'bars for summer' list and if you're after a good vibe during the rugby or footie, you can hit far worse bars.

A very grand looking bar that never lived up to the name I thought it had.
As Sara C. said, the bar has changed it's target audience, I had always been told that the Links Bar was a student pub.
Being told it was a student pub struck one thought in my head and that was "bingo!
Somewhere for a cheap pint after work", not quite the case.
I headed here after work one night on mt quest to try as many pubs in Edinburgh as I could.
Me and my fiancee got to the bar and sat down.
I noticed that the pub had a very grand, almost overwhelmingly so, feel to the place.
1 pint of Deuchars and 1 small white wine was £7.40.
I don't know what to make of that because I am still getting used to Edinburgh prices but it was around this time that I realised I wasn't in a student bar.
The pint was nice and the wine was cold so really I can't ask for more than that but if I was to ask for something it would be for not to have to ask to have a little less foam on my pint, that's just being picky though.
Overall quite a nice bar and I did enjoy myself.
Nothing special separating this pub from any other pub/restaurant apart from the fact it has a superb view of the Bruntsfield Links.
Would definitelt grow on me if I went a second time now that I know what kind of clientele it has, or at least aims to have.

