Just when you thought there were enough In-N-Out burgers in Las Vegas, another one appears!
A shiny new oasis in the desert of North Las Vegas, which has rapidly increased the sale of scales in the area.
The same delicious food, same secret menu.
Not to be missed.

I thought I'd give this place another try, um no still icky.
I figured if I go to an IN & Out in a nice area, that's still new the food would be better.
Nope still awful, even though this time I tried a double double animal style.
Hello where is the meat in this thing?
I see onions but where is the taste?
All I could taste was pickles pickles pickles.
Less than five bucks for a burger and an warm iced tea and I feel like I got ripped off.
I really don't understand the hype with IN & Out, the food is just plain garbage.

Its about time they made an In N Out near me.
Just last night I made a late night run with my BFF for some Animal Fries, a double double w/ extra spread and a Neapolitan shake.
So effing GREAT.
Their staff and service is always excellent.
Definitely my diet "cheat" spot.

I love In n Out :) and I love this one.
It never lets me down.
Tasty, cheap burgers and always a place to stop by for a quick lunch :)

I absolutely LOVE In-n-Out Burger!

haha yes this place is the *insert adult word here*  but add to this i would have to say in all of my In N Out excursion Ive never had a bad experience always friendly and always make the best fast food burgers and animal fries around....needless to say if you haven't gone to an in n out.....well your over due.... =)

The employees are always friendly and personable.
Quick service, good value and the best fries out there!
Hard to beat.

I used to hate fast food hamburgers, but i found the one fast food burger that never disappoints!
I love this place!
when i first came here, I dreaded it since i hate hamburgers, but friends made me try one... to my surprise, I loved it, and now I look forward to going here everytime someone mentions it.
hmmm my mouth just watered as I wrote this review.
maybe I'll grab a burger for dinner tonight lol.

IN N OUT cheeseburgers are the best.
It does not matter which location you go to; the food is very tasty.
The fries...don't let them get cold or it won't be as good.

Food is amazing, cleanliness is perfect but service could be faster!!
Love the animal style everything!

I don't like fast food hamburgers.
In fact, I am not a big burger fan in the slightest.
If I'm going to have cow I want a steak.
However, my boyfriend has once told me, "I could eat a burger for every meal.
" So the first time I ever had In-N-Out was when I first started dating him.
He was simply amazed that I had never had one and that he had to fix that.
Nonetheless, I was not impressed the first time we went.
And technically still not "impressed.
" Their burgers are good.
If they were a movie I would give them a solid one thumb up.
I keep going because the burgers are good.
Cheaper than a burger at a sit down restaurant, more convenient and better than the average fast food chain.
I foresee many more trips.

Growing up in socal, inn-n-out is the standard in which I compare all burgers to.
I've had better from time to time, but for a chain, it's hard to beat.
Only drawbacks are the long wait (they cook it when you order) and the subpar fries.
Love the milk shakes, and as always ANIMAL STYLE!

I SHOULDA GOT A DOUBLE-DOUBLE  Stopped by here last night and picked up dinner after work.
I got a #2, which is a cheeseburger, fries and a drink.
I ordered my fries well done and a strawberry shake to drink.

Who isn't a fan of In N Out Burger?
One of the best burger spots in the world.
Very traditional and classy.
Animal style fries and neopolitan shakes are amazing for the taste buds.
Unlike other fast food restaurants, In N Out Burger cooks all orders fresh and in a clear visible site.
No preheated beef patties or left over ffries from the last customers.
This location is convenient to people of the Centennial area.
Only downside I had about my visit is that they have the thermostat set on "blizzard"!
It was colder than a polar bears toenails in this building lol.

Excellent food as I have come to expect with any In-N-Out.
Unlike other In-N-Outs this one is not too busy considering it is new and in a developing shopping center.
Like I said the food is great.
I never want to go inside and sit down most fast food restaurants, but this In-N-Out is clean and friendly and worth getting out of the car for.

One bite of their burger and you can taste the freshness of the beef, vegetables, sauce, and seasoning.
They cut the fries fresh and throw it straight into the fryer.
Freshness is the main theme here.
Aside from their great burgers, shakes, and fries, they have a lot of options that are not on their menu.
That's what makes them intriguing.
If you're a first timer, talk to any regular that's there.
They will tell you things like "animal style", 4x4, and hot peppers.
Just other day, I learned you can get a neopolitan milkshake!
Awesome!
Their menu basically hasn't changed since the first ever restaurant opened up.
That's why I love it.
Whenever I go get drive thru for a certain number of people, it's pretty easy to remember what everybody wants.
Keep in mind that since everything is fresh and made to order, sometimes it takes a little longer for your order to come out, especially if the place is packed.

Had what I call "Burger Weekend".
Haven't had a fast food burger in a couple of months.
So, I made up for it by having a burger Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
This was my Sunday treat.
Let me start by saying that I frequent IN-N-Out in Vegas and in California.
I'm eating at one at least once a month.
My usual is a total of 3 Flying Dutchman's.
A Flying Dutchman is two patties with two pieces of cheese.
That's it.
I carb load (3 days carbs kept to only 100 grams, followed by 1 day about 400 grams of carbs).
On my "No Carb" days, 3 Flying Dutchman's hit the spot.
Only about $6 for 90 grams of protein.
Can't beat that!!!
Now for my recent order: -Double Double:  Spread Only / Extra Toasted -Cheeseburger:  Same Way -Fries  Since it's been awhile since I had a burger.
This truly hit the spot.
IN-N-Out burgers are a bit small, so I always have to order 2 burgers.
Patties are small, but always fresh.
Out of all the IN-N-Outs in Vegas, this one is probably the easiest and quickest.
Anyone been to the one on Craig and 15, they are the longest wait.
This location is in a not so busy shopping center.
Service is good and scary that they even know what I plan on ordering sometimes.
TIP:  Most know about their secret menu (i.e.
Flying Dutchman, Animal Fries, Neopolitan, etc).
You can get the full secret menu online.
I remember back in the day, before the internet, when you only got the secret stuff by word of mouth.

Very delicious food here

A little slow in the drive thru... but excellent service, and friendly staff.
French fries seem to be a problem at all these stores.... ts either soggy or overcooked.Wish they would focus on putting out  better golden crunchy fries.
Asked for light well, and got potato chips!

Best burgers anywhere!
I moved to Oregon a month ago and I can only pray that In-N-Out comes to Oregon soon!

extremely slow drive thru, but the food is always good.

Not a bad burger, price is good , employees are nice.
French Fries are probably the wurst I have had.
Like eating a piece of hard foam.
Won't return.

In N Out Burger has the California décor and great burgers and fresh fries we all come to know and love.
However, they are quickly losing the steam of their burgers, all because its beginning to be same ol Same ol.
The burgers are not really decent size, the fries are not that portioned to impress.
But In N Out gets by because of their reputation.
The only thing really wrong with them is that sometimes it takes a great while to get orders out, both In N Out of their store.
Still you know what to expect at this store and shouldn't really go away disappointed.

In N Out Burger has the California décor and great burgers and fresh fries we all come to know and love.
However, they are quickly losing the steam of their burgers, all because its beginning to be same ol Same ol.
The burgers are not really decent size, the fries are not that portioned to impress.
But In N Out gets by because of their reputation.
The only thing really wrong with them is that sometimes it takes a great while to get orders out, both In N Out of their store.
Still you know what to expect at this store and shouldn't really go away disappointed.

Let's face it!
Most every burger aficionado inhabiting California and Nevada now knows what to expect from an In-N-Out Burger: not a fancy gourmet burger but a great-tasting burger nevertheless, with astoundingly fresh ingredients, including a generous slice of ripe red tomato, crunchy green lettuce, and either a lovely cold and thick slice of White Onion or warm grilled onion ribbons, together with a foundation of nice and creamy Thousand Island Dressing slathered over the base of a soft and supple hamburger bun.
Whether a Double-Double, a Cheeseburger, or a Hamburger, the model is pretty much the same, and each variety of burger is surely enhanced by an order of freshly cut skin-on French Fries.
Liberally add readily available tomato ketchup to both burger and fries, and a memorable dining experience will be close at hand.
That's the way it was the other night when I enjoyed the trifecta of Cheeseburger, Hamburger, and an open-faced paper tray filled with freshly made fries.
Seats were hard.
But who cared?
Associates were very pleasant and accommodating.
My burgers were prepared close to medium rare as sought, and when ready, the food was even brought to our booth.
But inexplicably, although I tendered a ten dollar bill and a five dollar bill to pay the total of $13.78, the receipt received listed cash tendered as $14.97, and change returned as $1.19 instead of the correct amount of $1.22.
Except for the unnecessary loss of a few extra pennies, another fine In-N-Out dining experience!

Great hamburgers and very clean place.
Always nice and they stay open late on weekends.
The menu is so short it makes life a little easier.
We love In*N*Out

Okay, so I'm not a meat-eater most of the time (but not by choice).
I've had the burgers here a few times, and they are a good, no frills burger.
This is a nice In-N-Out location, but it's usually packed so you will wait.
What brings this place into the 4 star realm is the "animal style" option, the "grilled cheese", and the chocolate milkshake.
Holy milkshake, so creamy delicious.
So I know what you're thinking, grilled freakin' cheese here?
!, but I'm serious.
I can't and shouldn't eat the burger, but I can get the "animal style grilled cheese", i.e., everything minus the meat patty.
It's very good, and it's an option for all you vegetarians that may get dragged here.
The wait and the fries are the most disappointing.
For some reason, I cannot stand their limp fries covered with a slice of American cheese.
It's just...odd.

I loooooove this location since it's nearby but the customer service is always excellent here.
Food is so fresh!!
Yumm!!!
I would recommend this location but so does everyone else so it is always crowded when I go.

The first time I had in and out I loved it.
Several visits to spots around town and I have been less than impressed.
Ready to right the business off entirely when hubby took me and the little one to this location.
Stopped in for lunch and got food pretty fast even though they were busy, when I tried my burger... WOW.
Fantastic.
I practically swallowed my burger whole and then wished I had a second.
Fries were good too and not cold and hard like I've had before.
Must be this location, but I'm hooked again.

You just can't beat the burgers and fries from in-n-out.
Everything is made fresh  and isn't frozen or microwaved like most fast food places.
To this day, this is the only fast food that my grandma would eat when we're on a road trip or want to get something to get on the go.

