When arriving at Edinburgh airport you would be forgiven for thinking you had arrived at some small towns airport and not that of the capital city.
It is surprisingly tiny for a capital airport and if you are stuck here for a good few hours, you will realise there is not much on offer here.
I am one of those sad acts who quite enjoy milling around the airport at all the fancy shops (Heathrow, I am looking at you) or enjoying the fantastic people watching opportunities (Schipol).
But Edinburgh airport has none of this.
One pretty small, in terms of airports anyway, terminal building.
A few shops pre-security but nothing too exciting.
Security is usually quite quick in this airport, I think because it is so small it doesn't have huge traffic numbers so that is a bonus.
There is the standard duty free shop and a few bars post security and that is it.
So you have two hours to kill in uncomfortable seats and not much else to do.
Best bring a book.
There is a window overlooking the runway so you can watch the planes, so it wins in that way.
I hear they are expanding the airport, so it should improve.

With the refurbishment over, Edinburgh Airport has now become much larger and is more what you expect from a capital airport.
The security tends to be quite straightforward and less of a nightmare as it is in other places.
There are a few duty free shops and a couple of Costa's but don't expect Heathrow glamour- the shops are just the right amount and take into account that you either start or finish you journey in Edinburgh rather than being an international transfer hub.
You get everyone here.
From the British airways business class to the Ryanair stag parties Edinburgh airport has a place for them all.
Getting to and from the airport has never been an issue- even with public transport and the cabs from the centre cost about 18-20 pounds.
It's about a 20-30 minute drive by car which can vary from the traffic and there is intense roadworks for a connecting tram line as well.

Not the most exciting airport in the world, nor the most glamorous but it does the job and I usually fly from this airport if I'm going on holiday as it usually works out cheaper than flying from Glasgow.
I guess I'm not the only one who thinks this as it was the busiest airport in Scotland in 2009.
There was an unfortunate incident when my mum dropped me off here once and ended up on the Forth Road Bridge and started freaking out, I guess the less said about that the better.
I usually get the airport bus from the centre to the airport and it's only £5, absolute bargain and beats paying an extortionate taxi fare.

Having spent a lot of time waiting in Amsterdam Schiphol during my exchange year abroad, I couldn't help compare the two airports.
Admittedly the two are substantially dissimilar in terms of size and available destinations, however a few differences are note worthy.
Unlike Amsterdam Schiphol, the arrival lounge is pretty much non-existent.
A mere Costa coffee sits alongside a whimsically designed arrivals hallway.
Shops are scattered around for good measure but with no eye for convenience or ergonomic practicalities in mind.
Having used the airport now and again for several years there consistently seems to be construction underway within some area of the airport, adding to more inconvenience in some way or another.
All of these qualities are missing from Schiphol airport.
Rant over, it's best to get through Edinburgh airport as fast as possible.
Although I presume most of the public apply this ideology to every airport regardless.

Edinburgh airport has seen a massive overhaul in more recent years, and now looks a lot bigger and a lot more presentable than it once did.
It hosts a number of shops for you to peruse as you wish away the hours before your flight.
There are numerous coffee shops both before and after security.
Security isn't as much of a fuddle as I thought it would be - it's pretty seamless, and before you know it you've been thoroughly checked (without the attitude that you get in JFK or any other international airport) and you can be on your merry way to the bar or wherever it is you're going.
It's bizarre Sam should talk about Schiphol - I always compare airports to there now that I've been in it a few times.
It's quite enormous, easier to manage and just more upmarket than Scottish airports in general.
But with an upmarket Wetherspoons (I know, I can't believe it either), friendly staff and minimal fuss before a flight, this wee Scottish airport ain't doing too badly.

Did I just give an airport 4 stars?
I think I did and with no regrets or second guesses.
When we arrived here from Dublin they didn't hassle us about passports which surprised me a bit, but it was wonderful and the bus that takes you into the city is only 6 pounds and around 30 mins.
This airport is clean and really nice looking inside and out.
I actually couldn't believe I was having a stress free travel experience in an airport on both my incoming and outgoing flights!

My experience of Edinburgh airport is as a domestic UK traveller, and for this journey, it's great.
Only having carry on luggage helps even more.
You land, get off the plane, down the escalators past the baggage carousel (if you need it), then straight out the door to the bus and taxi stands.
25 minutes later (even quicker if you take a taxi) you're in the middle of the city.
From the wheels hitting the ground to getting a pint at one of Edinburgh's fantastic bars is usually about an hour, door to door.
A great way to start a trip.
Think of the poor souls who land in Heathrow Terminal 5.

For a Capital city, Edinburgh's airport isn't much to write home about.
I did travel quite a lot as a kid, and still connect flying and airports with the excitement of HOLIDAYS!
Running around the airport, getting told off for climbing on the luggage conveyor belt, and buying too many toblerones in Duty Free are all part of the holiday experience.
So airports are something that tend to excite me.
I've been in much smaller airports that had next to know entertainment.
Whilst I didn't see a games arcade (like they have in Glasgow) I was very pleased to find their branch of Eat.
The only one I know of in Scotland, and a fabulous place to get food.
Fresh, healthy, kicks all other airport food up the ass (although sadly I kept my salad for the plane, and proceeded to spill half of it on the aeroplane floor.
Oops.
)  There are a lot of check-in desks and never seems to be too many queues.
The airport buslink service is fantastic.
I think it's listed seperately on Yelp but as part of the package of travelling to the airport, it's only £6 return from the city centre, really frequent, has wifi, clean, modern.
Takes the stress out of the 'getting there' part.
Security is swift as security can be.
There's also a few nice-ish places to eat on the other side (although not as nice as Eat).
I like the refurb they've had (and must mention that I did an internship for the company who designed the refurb and they USED THE NAME I SUGGESTED for the other side of security.
And I got no credit.
Pah.
Landerling I think.
)  Overall Edinburgh Airport has never caused me any hassle or bother, getting there is easy, they break barriers with crappy airline food, and it's as comfortable as generic airports can be.

Very good airport.

I had to bump up my Edinburgh Airport star rating after reading Jenny L's review and realising that it houses the... only... branch of Eat...
IN SCOTLAND.
What on earth?!?
Eat's in my very exclusive list of favourite chains!
(Note to self: make a Yelp list of favourite chains.
)  I like this airport.
It's small and simple, it's pretty much perfectly formed, and whenever it was mean to us it was also kind to us.
For example we ended up having to go to the back of the dreaded Ryanair queue when we realised they weren't calling for Fuerteventura flyers, after we'd already waited 20 minutes.
Mean.
But that extra 15 minutes meant I got to go upstairs and get the fruit juice I can't wake up without followed by the black coffee which gives me my second extra chirpy wave of wakefulness.
Nice.
Once we'd finally checked in and gone through the semi-cattle market of security, breakfast called, and even that was a mixture of mean and nice.
For example, Chris M's 'eggs benedict' experience at Eat.
Pretty mean.
But then again I got to laugh at it.
Nice.
No, not really - I got to eat amazing porridge.
Nice.
Everything was pretty simple and self-explanatory, and purchasing my mother's Touche Éclat from Duty Free was a doddle and came with plenty of help from the staff.
My only qualm?
That I had to come back to Liverpool John Lennon Airport instead of here.
Because this happened.
http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz/liverpool-john-lennon-airport-liverpool#hrid:-Yngr4VIQtFI7VgedSCS8w

A decent little airport.
Easy to get through, kindly-staffed, and pleasant to wait in.
Not much else to say - I've passed through a couple times and had a-ok experiences.

Not a large airport, but a nice one.
Has all you need and few but good shops.
When I was there they had some great deals on whisky and the personnel where very friendly.
Free wifi would be great and give the airport another star!

I have to admit to being somewhat disappointed when I saw Edinburgh Airport and still am when I'm there.
It seems a bit blah, more regional airport than big city for our lovely capital.
I'm soon to go long haul and I won't be looking forward to the 3 hours loitering I'll have to do here as I think I'll be pretty bored.
Glasgow in comparison has had a makeover in the last few years and discovering the new eateries doing 'takeaways' to save on godawful plane food, made the pre-flight loitering time disappear quickly whilst umming and ahhhing over lunch choices (good gluten free choices too as airports - yes you Edinburgh, can be lousy for this!).
Usual bars and coffee shops but lacks any real choice which is a pity (default coffee and gf brownie, argh, not how I want to start hols).
Airports when travel is non business related means fun times (duty free shopping) but nowhere really tempts me in to start my holiday spending early, (apart from Kurt Geiger), but I want choice and not just posh shops when considering spending my hard earned cash:-( ).
So Edinburgh, your report card is could do better.
Captive audience, lots of happy people, so give us a reason to splash the pre-holiday cash...

This is an effective airport, but relatively stark except for one section among the gates, which is the central location for shopping and eating options.
(Busiest among the latter was a pub that was packed with lively people even first thing in the morning.
)  The staff overall was knowledgeable and helpful, although not particularly warm or friendly in about half of the cases.
The signage at the airport is very good.
There are several transportation methods to get you into the city, which is only 15-20 minutes away.

Edinburgh Airport has been through a number of transformations since i first started frequenting it over six years ago.
when i first came along this place was tiny!!!
i'm not even sure it was as big as the smallest terminal at Newark Airport, but over the last few years it's definitely grown.
As i travel back and forth to the States at least twice a year and also take a trip or two down south or to Europe, I spend a fair bit of time in this airport.
And i have to say while the expansion has been great, so many new routes and new destinations i'm still not overly impressed.
I mean it's an airport and it's hard to be a really awesome airport (unless you are Heathrow Terminal 5!
) but there is still something lacking.
I think i need to stress again that Edinburgh is small.
the airport fits the city which is also fairly small in terms to cities throughout the world.
but due to the smallest i feel like it lacks a few essential things, first being a Starbucks!
seriously, this actually breaks my heart since i always fly early in the morning and all i want is a grande tea from starbucks but yet there is none to be found.
the duty free section has been expanded greatly, which is nice, but the restaurants are limited in choice and are overpriced.
i do appreciate that there is a Boots where i can buy cheap water and last minute essentials like tissues and antibacterial hand gel and also an Eat which does pretty good take away at a reasonable price and the Yo Sushi during the infrequent times i'm there when the place is open.
However, there is the other huge negative of the massively overpriced parking fees!
you can't even drop someone off without paying for the privilige of it...      so overall, Edinburgh Airport is fine, but could be better.
i suppose with more tourists coming to visit the city every year there is still the opportunity for expansion and refurbishment.
so i'll keep my fingers crossed for the Starbucks!

It's a pretty decent airport with 2 floors, easy to get to with frequent bus services through it  No real complaint other than the lack of free wifi but other than that, it is all good.

I feel quite familiar with this airport now, as  I use it about once a month to fly to Italy or some more exotic destination.
Getting to Edinburgh airport is easy, the air bus costs about £3 each way and takes you right to the entrance.
Alternatively, quick drop off costs £1 or you can be dropped off in a long stay car park for free, then take a free bus to the airport.
Make sure whoever drops you offer leaves straight away, or after 10 minutes they start being charged.
Personally, I think the bus is the best way to enter.
Usually customs is quite quick and efficient.
Coming from South England, I always used to use Heathrow or Gatwick as my main airports.
They are massive, and offer all the exciting chains one can hope for in an airport: Wagamama, yo sushi, pret à manger, harrods, hamleys etc!
Though far more compact, Edinburgh airport offers a good variety, including boots (which is great for meal deals, cheap water and last minute cosmetics), Yo sushi, 2 branches of  Eat (which has an amazing selection of soups, breakfasts including pastries, porridge, pies, sandwiches, fruit, salad, baguettes etc, all made with really good quality ingredients.
I usually go for the vegetable gyoza, though tomorrow morning I will be needing to find some breakfast), one of which is before customs, the other after.
There's a wh smith bookshop, and another branch which deals with the more traditional trade-magazines, sweets, newspapers and bric-o-brac.
There are a few last minute gift shops, a decent sized duty free, and a few bars (which I never go to so I can't comment on them...)  In terms of destinations, there are not many direct long-haul flights from Edinburgh, though quite a few with stopovers in other European cities like Paris, Madrid, Amsterdam, Frankfurt and Vienna on route for Asia and South America.
There are quite a few new exciting budget flights, including the easyjet to Reykjavik which I will be using in May and apparently a new ryanair flight to Milan Bergamo.
Cheap destinations include Dublin and Paris.
Flights are usually on time, though in extreme snowy or windy conditions expect some delays or cancellations; the Brits aren't great at dealing with extreme weather.

Really small airport...
Fastest queue on the right side... Quick: plane to the street.

Edinburgh Airport is a fairly underwhelming place.
However it's big enough to wander around when you want to, there is a 24(ish) hour bar and plenty of places to get food if that's what you are looking for.
I generally get fairly narked off with airports as I spend about 2 weeks in airports during one year of working once and that sort of put me off (although I did walk into a mosque that was next to the toilets in Abu-dhabi airport while unbuttoning my flies once - that was fairly entertaining).
There is one thing that really upsets me, and that is that the Tie-rack shop only opens 9-5.
If I am heading to london/somewhere I am  much more likely to need a tie pre 9am or post 5pm.
If you think about it I'm getting that flight because I have a 9am meeting or a 9am the next morning and couldn't get out the office any earlier.
This means that I am FAR more likely to have an urgent need for a tie from an airport at those times - not 9-5.
It's FRANKLY RIDICULOUS,  Other than that there are planes.
That's a positive.

I've travelled a lot in the last few months.
Both internationally and domestically, and I see a few more travels coming up.
Edinburgh Airport and I have gotten very well acquainted.
In my last review, I said I associated Edinburgh Airport with holidays and fun!
Now I associate them with 4am starts on a day-round-trip.
Given that, I have to say I still rate Edinburgh Airport pretty highly.
It's small, and there aren't many international flights from here (the only Edinburgh flight going to America is New York, the rest all need to be connections from London).
But given that fact, it's actually pretty well stocked in its small terminal.
Security is quite efficient, there's lots of lines so it's quick to get through.
There's a Yo!
Sushi, an EAT, that generic seafood bar you see in all airpots, a few gastropubs, and a large Boots and WHSmith.
It's no Heathrow Terminal 5, but it's certainly no Gatwick either.
Heathrow T5 is like my dream terminal.
Gatwick is old-fashioned, lacking any natural light with windows, and is just like a big, barren cave with shops and some places to eat (Jamie Oliver too) but still ends up feeling very depressing - bad lay out too.
So compared to those two London Terminals, Edinburgh does not bad.
It costs around £20 in a taxi to get to the airport from the Old Town, and it's around 30 minutes.
There's also a great Airlink service running very frequently, which is around £6 return and takes around 40 minutes.
Until we meet again Edinburgh Airport.

It's an airport and it will take you to different places by plane.
Now that is out of the way: what perks does this airport have over the other airports one may visit?
Not a lot.
Getting there is a doddle.
Taxi, bus, car and pretty soon a tram.
Parking is not too expensive, but you also have the drop off charges of £1.
The departure hall is big but not enough as there are different ones for the cheapo flights.
In a well removed area.
The shops and facilities are... expensive.
£3.20 for a cheese toastie?
No free wifi.
I am not impressed with this airport.
Hopefully it will still be worked upon.

free Wi-Fi!
yipeeee

The main thing I like about edinburgh airport is that its relatively small and easy to get around in!!!
It isnt a maze and doesnt take 25 mins to get from one terminal to the other.
Good amount of shops!
and is served well by regular buses.
Its is always clean and well kept.
I love holidays and I like the airport!

I've flown through Edinburgh airport quite a few times now, and I must say I like it.
It's very cosy, quite pretty, small enough and easy to navigate, just really nice.
You even get two hours of free Wi-Fi, which is great.
My only really big complaint would be that it has no direct bus link to Glasgow.
It's not much farther from Glasgow than Edinburgh, and some flights don't go out of either Glasgow International or Prestwick Airport, so a direct bus connection between Glasgow and Edinburgh Airport would be immensely helpful.
I mean if you've got an early flight (say 5:30am, which has happened to me twice), you have to spend the night at the airport or get a hostel in Edinburgh for the night.
There are no busses between Edinburgh and Glasgow between midnight and 5am, plus the half hour Airport Link bus (which is great, btw, and does run all night), so you're really stuck.
I also want to quickly gush about Edinburgh Airport's Caffe Nero.
I recently spent a lot of the night at the airport (due to the aforementioned early flight), and there were a lot of people in the same position as me trying to sleep at the airport.
The thing about Caffe Nero was that they weren't just the only cafe/shop to stay open, they actually let people stretch out and use their furniture to sleep (without even asking that they buy anything).
All the other places had blocked their chairs and benches off so you couldn't sleep or even sit there, but at Nero you could sleep on these plush leather benches and chairs, or just at tables, and it was just so nice.
It really made the time there soooooo much more comfortable, and by enabling me to sleep it actually made me less tired the next day.
I've been in airports overnight before, and it would be hard to exaggerate the difference Caffe Nero made.
In the morning I got a breakfast sandwich before my flight, partially because I was hungry but partially because I wanted to thank them for their (very useful and totally free) service.
It was really good and the servers were particularly nice.
When I got back in on my return flight, I got some change there for the bus, and again the server was really nice, and the yogurt I got then was also excellent.
So good food + great service = new fan.

Being from Monterey, CA...I'm used to a little airport (MRY).
So when I arrived in Edinburgh, which is a pretty popular tourist destination, I was shocked as to how tiny actually is.
I mean, you can practically see one end to the other!
The staff were pleasant upon arrival, the Immigration Officer teased me a little since I'm a Californian visiting Scotland during a crappy snow storm (awesome timing on my part), and baggage claim was a breeze.
Oh, and the arrivals terminal was super easy since there's only one door to come out of and everyone huddles right there eagerly awaiting whoever is arriving from the plane.
My gripe is that the place has very little to offer in terms of places to eat.
What they DO have available are a lot of fried food things or little shacks that are outrageously expensive.
Given, you're paying in GBP, but still!
Gouging is gouging, people!
Not a lot in terms of shopping options, which is a bummer if you have a lot of time to kill before your flight.
OH.
And their flight schedule system is beyond irritating.
You can check in an hour and a half before your flight, but they won't list what counter you need to report to till an hour before take off.
To me, that's very stressful!
When I would inquire with an airport staff member, they'd talk to me like I was annoying and how I needed to just watch the sign for my info....sorry, but I'm used to SFO and LAX being strict about time frames for security.

Vraiment je suis surpris par cet aéroport qui est moderne, très agréable, avec une zone duty free très riches et beaucoup de point de restaurations.
Pour les locations de voiture une marche de 10 minutes pour les plus lent vous emmène au hub des agences de locations.
Pour restituer votre véhicule pas de problème superbe signalisation au retour sur l'aéroport.
Un must 2 heures de wi fi gratuit

Un aéroport parfaitement moderne, bien organisé et bien structuré.
L'accueil est parfois un peu déconcertant pour les départs mais à part cela le reste est un sans faute.
Boutiques hors taxe, centre de promotion touristique, restauration et plus encore.

It's an airport ... you fly in ... you fly out.
Has shops, places to eat and facilities like toilets and cash machines.
It's clean and staff are friendly.

It's a bit confusing, not enough signs to direct people to gates, etc.. Like bathroom is not on the same level as the gates, security check point isn't on the same level as the check in counter, and not enough information as available about how to get to the city, etc.

The folks in Edinburgh can teach our TSA something about customer service and how to keep travelers from loosing it in an already stressful travel world.
The security screeners were friendly, explained what we needed to do to get through the line quickly and when we did wished us safe travels.
In the US all you get is attitude.

Its an airport , enough said.
No seriously this is a good one, one of the few.
I have travelled all over this world being in the military previously so I have been to a lot of airports and this one is one of the best.
Its not a giant one like LA or JFK, I dont have to take a stupid train from one terminal to another.
Its got some good little restaurants to eat such as sushi and a few others.
What makes it great is its just plane ;) simple to get around and simple to get through security and everything else.
I have been through this airport now many a time and I never have any problems.
Keep chugging along little Edinburgh Airport you get the job done!

Finally starting to try and compete with the bigger boys in the airport league.
But not really.
Until they build another six terminals, interconnecting monorail, 8 additional levels of security and a dozen more restaurants, Edinburgh Airport will only ever be a Scrappy Doo in a world of Scoobies.
Having said that, for what they are they're doing nothing wrong.
Good little selection of eateries, even if they seem to be taking their cue from George Street (would it kill ya to put a Burger King in?!
); knowledgeable and friendly staff, right down to the security (got frisked by the most chatty and friendly security officer - made me forget where I was!
); still of a size where mad dashes to the gate aren't overly threatening; and a great little (but yes, it is LITTLE) duty free with a good little selection of limited edition items in alcohol, shades and musks.
At the end of the day... it's just nice.
Good for what it is.
Unfortunately that's not very much...!

Having flown into Edinburgh twice now, I thought it was time to leave a review.
Edinburgh airport is a smaller airport by some comparisons but it appears to be well maintained, clean and organized.
Travel through security , check-in and customs are quite efficient compared to other airports.
The airlink service linking the airport to the city center for £3.50 is great.

Everything is great, but in moderation.
Flight home was delayed 5 hours so had about a 7 hour day at the Edinburgh airport.
Thank goodness for the shops, I was able to buy a few board games and cut those 7 hours in half.
Not too many shops or businesses but just enough if you're only waiting 2-3 hours in the airport.
I'm sure that I ended up staying more than most, but I was slightly shocked that most places in the airport closed by 8 or 9pm.
I guess we were the last flight out of there that night (not departing until after 11pm) but I thought there would have been a few places open late.
Not even a vending machine to get  a water!

This is quite a small airport in comparison to many airports around Europe however I found it a bit more disorganized than expected.
It is undergoing a lot of renovation so hopefully it will improve for the better in the future.
The immigration queue when I arrived was long and took a while to get through.
Lots of people waited on average 15-25 mins to get through.
Similarly on departure it took a while to clear security and then waiting to board the flight although people were called to board and were unable to get on the plane.
Food choices are ok and the shopping is also ok. Not a great airport but works.
Not sure I would enjoy going through the same experience again.
Let's hope with the renovations things will improve for the better.

Odio los aeropuertos, a muerte.
En especial desde que antes de volar tienes que despelotarte, enseñar tus más íntimas vergüenzas y sacar cualquier recipiente que contenga cualquier tipo de liquido para inspección.
Odio aún más esos aeropuertos que separan a los pasajeros low cost en una cola todavía más lenta que las normales, solo por ser low cost (por suerte, eso no pasa en Edimburgo, solo en Barajas, aunque sí hay una fast track para usuarios registrados que peguen un dinerito).
El chequeo de seguridad es híper lento (and I mean it), así que haz el favor de seguir todas las recomendaciones de seguridad y acudir con bastante tiempo al aeropuerto, o te habrás quedado en tierra más que probablemente.
Eso sí, la espera hacia los escáneres se hace menos chunga gracias a dos preciosas horas de wifi gratuitas de las que podrás disfrutar en todo momento.
Más allá de ello, el aeropuerto es chiquitín, así que no te costará mucho llegar a tu puerta de embarque.

This was one of the quickest, most efficient airports I've ever been in.
Most of the check in and security process is fairly automated and extremely streamlined.
There was no line to check in, and security only took about 5 minutes.
No hassle whatsoever.
This gave us plenty of time to sit and eat a small breakfast before the flight.
Passengers are also treated to two hours of free wifi in the terminal.
Fantastic!

Edinburgh airport brings you to the best city.
- Edinburgh - can't get much better than that!
Plus 2 hours free wifi and a great range of food and shops.
Compared to other airports - prices are reasonable - especially for basics like a bottle of water - however if you bring an empty bottle with you - there are free water fountains (designed for water bottles) just as you enter the departure lounge from the efficiently run security checks.
I hate when my flights are so early that Yo!
Isn't even open but even then there are loads of cafes to choose from.
I usually head to Eat for porridge and a matcha latte while my hubby heads to cafe nero for his cappucino fix - then we meet at the new seating section.
So nice to have more seats with tables so we can set up office, log in to the free wifi and get some work done (a.k.a.
facebook).
Even though I'd give the departures side a perfect 5* - I'm afraid the arrivals lets the team down!!
Only a 3* for them.
I travel to and from EDI between 2 to 4 times a month and there have been so many times we my flight has arrived early or on time and we taxi on over to our gate and sit...... and sit............... and sit..............  stuck on the plane - the ever so close terminal building teasing us.
Faces press against the tiny windows looking anxiously for someone in a high vis jacket to arrive with the steps and set us free.
We've had several excuses for these delays:  short staffed, or my favourite (and most frequent offender) - there is another international flight boarding and only one way in and out of the building.
They can't let the people departing 'mingle' with the arriving flight so we have to sit, locked in the plane, until the walkway is completely clear.
I can understand the safety and immigration implications but surely with all the upgrades to the airport someone could have squeezed in an extra hallway!!!
Another star was lost due to the consistently long waits for the baggage.
In both instances, travel to and from the airport is pretty simple - great comfy bus - also with free wifi; soon to have trams, lots of taxi's, and easy to access rental car centre (no shuttle bus needed for the major suppliers).
So overall is a respectable average of 4*, it's just a shame that visitors to Edinburgh only get to see the best side of the airport as they are leaving.

I'm not to sure what percentage of my reviews are for airports but I always do try my best to share the knowledge on whether they're good, bad or ugly!
In my mind there's nothing worse than being stuck in one unless there's loads of things to do, decent places to eat and of course offer free wifi.
It's what I always research in advance anyway!
I've got to say that Edinburgh airport is much better than it used to be.
I once flew from it about 4 years ago and was delayed there for about 7 hours - that was a joy-filled Sunday afternoon I can tell you!
But upon arrival it looked like it had had a bit of work done to it and there were a few places that looked half decent.
Before departures there was a Wetherspoons upstairs which I stopped in for a highland Haggis burger (top notch with loads of haggis) and a peppermint tea - not too bad for £13 overall and from reading the WS magazine, it looks like they're starting to go for quality ingredients as opposed to just cheap eats.
Very impressed with the range of craft beers on offer from Brewdog, Goose Island, Brooklyn etc - unfortunately I was working so just the tea for me.
Wifi is supposed to be free of charge throughout the airport but wasn't working (very annoying but at least I could tether) and through the speedy security check there were a couple of pubs, food outlets such as Yo Sushi and coffee joints Nero's and Costa.
Pretty standard but served a purpose for a few hours.
As much as I don't want to spend any more time in airports than I need to, this wasn't a bad experience and I've visited much worse!

Ein schöner kleiner Flughafen für die schottische Hauptstadt.
Von der Größe und Atmosphäre her kann man ihn fast mit Tegel in Berlin vergleichen.
(Natürlich auf die geringeren Flugbewegungen Edinburghs runtergekürzt - möchte ja jetzt die Berliner nicht verärgern ;) ) Von einem Ende des Terminals zum anderen geht man gerade mal 10 Minuten.
Durch die Sicherheitsschleuse geht man in 2 ordentlichen Schlangen (na klar, man ist ja in Großbritannien : Join the Queue), die dann sehr zügig, aber sehr genau abgearbeitet wird.
Nachdem man die Sicherheit überwunden hat, findet man im Abflugbereich die üblichen Duty free Shops und Verköstigungsstellen.
Was bemerkenswert ist: Das Abflugsgate wird erst ca.
45 Minuten vor Abflug auf den Monitoren bekanntgegeben.
Aber da der Flughafen doch nicht sehr groß ist, hat man alle Zeit der Welt, um dahin zu schlendern.

Smaller international airport.
Passages check in and security is slow.
Terminal has all basics.
Not a bunch of high end shopping.
Not bad overall.

