I have always been a fan of Rubios, especially their lobster burritos they have a few times of the year.
Unfortunately, the last time I ate at this Rubios I am pretty sure I got a bad batch of something because I was ill for the next couple of days.
Hopefully they get things worked out.

A huge fan of the Fish Taco's but the service was crazy good.
(Never experienced this in a fast food restaurant ever.
) The Manager Sean was by far the coolest...not only did he ask what we liked to help us get a better taste of what Rubio's had to offer beside there fish taco's but also made us a special sample to try...(FREE).
Never before have I seen or experienced such service.
If you go there, I would ask for Sean....

Let me just say I first tried Rubio's in San Diego Co. where the Rubios I visited the most was down the road from their corporate office on Yarrow Rd.
where they hold the taste testings..and they give you 3 gift cert.
for $7.00 each.
Can't beat that!
I've tried all kinds of Rubios up & down san diegos coast and I never liked the veggie tacos.. till I ordered them @ the sunset location.
It was so good it was even better than the gourmet shrimp - - which  is my most recent fav.. right behind the fish taco especial .. which the best one was on Sycamore/ Hwy 78.
I'm not a fan of the chipotle salsa but I love the green and the Hot salsa.
and even the mild.
my only thing is the salsa is kinda runny - compared with Baja Fresh's Salsa.. but I prefer the food @ Rubios.. so I alternate btwn the 2. they are right across from ea.
other This one is right outside sunset station and baja fresh is inside the galleria mall ring circle.
If you are in the area.. these are must trys.

Rubio's, how do I love thee?
Let me count the ways...  1.
I have never been to a Rubio's that did not serve me delicious, hot, fresh food.
The Famous Fish Tacos are absolutely amazing.
I have had them all kinds of ways, grilled, blackened, different types of fish, even the fried ones are great.
Prices are decent for what you're getting and since it is a step-up from typical "fast food" it is to be expected.
Salsa bar!
Even the rice and beans always come out hot and tasty, some places can get their side dishes all wrong, but not Rubio's!

I was having a terrible day..
I decided to go to rubio's for the first time, i walked in saw the menu and almost walked right back out because i was looking for the dollar menu section... so glad i didn't.
Rubio's has the best mexican food i have ever had outside of california, and even then it would give some of those restaurants a run for their money.
you can taste the freshness, the quality, and the time they put into their recipes.
i had a big burrito, and the manager gave me a gourmet taco on the house... the taco was the best taco i have ever had, and the burrito was up there too.
so the food is worth the money, also, i ate a pound of food, but i dont feel like i ate a pound of food, most places i go eat at i need to take a nap after the meal, i actually feel better after rubios than i did before i went in.
customer service was amazing also, got my food before i was even done getting the salsa for it, and it wasnt cold like you would normally expect your food to be when it arrives that fast.
I will be eating at rubios often from now on, i recommend everyone do the same

I contemplated between steak street tacos and a steak burrito.
The street tacos were fresh and delicious.
The chips were fresh and light.
It came with a side of refried beans covered in cheese.
They were yummly.
But if your hungry go with the burrito.
Lots of fresh menu options and I will be back.

I put you to the test, you really are the best There are miles of smiles and the food is great  I hardly even have to wait!

Fish Taco Tuesdays!!!
Never been to a Rubio's before and I heard that they do $1.50 tacos on Tuesdays so I decided to stop in with some friends to test it out.
The tacos are awesome, come out real quick, and Rubio's has a full salsa/condiment bar to add some extra sauce, onions, peppers, etc.
to your taco mix.
The staff is always friendly when we stroll by on Tuesdays and they even offer to take your trash for you even before you leave.
Andddd service is almost always with a smile... very nice to look forward to on Tuesdays.

While I've never been disappointed by any Rubio's location, this is by far my favorite.
The staff here is amazing.
They provide exceptional service and are always very helpful with any questions I may have.
The food is always good.
Perfect size portions (not too small or too big), great variety, and a great salsa bar.
If you are looking for a good place to eat at a reasonable price, this is the place to go.

Never did I ever think I'd give a ~fast food~ place 5 stars but this place totally deserves it.
I was over at Sam Boyd for something, looking for lunch on my phone when I saw a solid set of Yelp reviews for this location.
I went, and the kid at the counter ran me through everything on the menu, his favorites, his suggestions.
I ignored all of them (sorry, I'm an idiot plant-eater) and went with the portobello & poblano tacos.
To my surprise my meal came with 2 sides (rice and beans were my picks, duh) and it was all way delish.
I stood around for a minute and the kid was like, "have a seat, I'll bring it over to you.
" What even?

Fresh Mexican food but fast and Good prices.
Always tasty!

Oh my gosh... Why is it that I've lived in Vegas for almost two years and have never tried Rubio's?
This morning we wanted to try something new but stay fairly close to home.
We searched on yelp for nearby restaurants and decided upon Rubio's.
We both ordered the gourmet steak taco plate.
Yeah yeah, I know they're famous for fish tacos.
I'm not a fish fan.
So sue me.
My tacos were a-mazing.
Soft tortillas, tender steak, GREAT salsa.
The staff were friendly and the place was spotless.
My favorite were the pinto beans...
I loved the cotija cheese on top...
Gave the beans a little extra zip.
We used to frequent Chipotle and Baja Fresh, but I don't see us going back there as often now that we found Rubio's.
Maybe, just maybe, I will try a fish taco someday...  *EDIT:  Now I've officially tried the cajun fish taco.
I'm in love!

Lately, I've been visiting many Mexican eateries, fast food, authentic, chain restaurants, you name it.
It's one of my food phases I go through.
This month, that phase is tacos.
I'll have to say Rubio's Grill Gourmet Taco with Garlic Herb Shrimp was awesome.
The blackened Ono taco, not so much.
I'm sure having a fried fish taco would have sufficed, but I gave it a try.
Not surprisingly, fish was pretty dry.
I can't dock too many points, though, it's hard to expect good grilled fish from a chain, no offense.
The staff was very friendly and very efficient.
The store is kept clean, and of course I always love their salsa bar.
I think this store is probably well run compared to other Rubio's.
I'll be back for more tacos till my cravings subsides...

$1.50 is an excellent deal for a quality fish taco on Tuesdays.
The fish comes out really crispy, so you'd better eat it at the restaurant to avoid loss of texture.
Make sure to squeeze that lime onto the fish and throw in something from the salsa bar (four mild and not-so-mild options).
You can have as few or as many as you'd like, so come here for either a late afternoon snack or a filling dinner.
Also, I've had a burrito especial and a baja burrito, both with steak.
Probably enjoyed the burrito especial more, but they were both nice.
The burrito is not as huge as Chipotle's burritos, and I definitely miss the corn salsa, but it's still yummy and comes with chips.
I suppose it's a better portion size if you're not looking to stuff yourself at lunch.
Finally, the parking is always nice since they're in a small portioned-off strip mall with nothing else that's any good.

As far as healthier options of fast food go, this place definitely delivers.
The service was very friendly and helpful.
We had salmon burrito and the blackened ono burrito..between the two the ono was better, but both were very flavorful and tasty.
The prices are reasonable and the menu features many different options.

Always great fish tacos.
Grilled gourmet shrimp is my perennial favorite.
The staff here is exceptionally friendly and personable.
This is our favorite place to eat as a family (2 kids under 5).

Yummy fish tacos mmmm!

Yum the place is clean.
The employees were helpful and understanding that this was my first time in.
They help me select a dish to my taste and it was wonderful.
I'm proud to say upon my next visit I will try the fish tacos.
You have got to try this place.

I love this location!
The service is amazing and the tacos and guacamole are delicious!

Come here a couple times a month.
LOVE the fish Tacos.
Simply the Best!

Talk about this Rubio's in particular...  Now we all know Rubio's food is great and their fish tacos are awesome.
But this location in Henderson has some of the nicest staff of any place I have ever been to.
I came here today with my husband to redeem my $7 Birthday Meal Coupon.
I was greeted happily and all of the staff said "Happy Birthday!
" to me.
The place is always super clean.
The salsa bar is always stocked.
The food is always good.
The staff must be loving their jobs because their happiness does not seemed forced.
This is definitely my go-to Rubio's out of all the ones in the Valley.

Rubio's are a dime a dozen in California, especially in San Diego where it originated from.
Lived there most of my life and I got sick of Rubio's.
Well, now I rediscovered them here.
I was recently in the area for something quick.
It was going either be Aloha's Kitchen, Thelma's, or Rubio's.
Aloha's Kitchen wasn't open, even though it was after 10 AM.
I wasn't in the mood for Flip food at Thelma's.
So, I settled for Rubio's.
I wasn't disappointed with my eats.
I ended up getting 4 Chicken Street Tacos and for good measure, an extra side of chopped chicken breast.
Let's start with the tacos, these were good.
I was a little disappointed with how small they are.
Real street tacos aren't even this small.
But at least they aren't as small as Nacho Daddy's street tacos.
Because they were small, 4 was needed.
It's cheap so I'm not complaining.
I was actually satisfied with my 4 chicken street tacos, but needed that additional protein so I got an side of extra chicken.
The chicken was a bit dry when you have nothing with it, but it's all about the macros at this point.
I tend to frequent chicken grills like T-Boy, Samurai Sam's, and TMAD lately.
But discovered that Rubio's sells chopped chicken breast on it's own too.
You know what that means, I'm adding them to my list fast food healthy eats.
Pro Tip: -Best fish tacos for a fast food joint -Their nachos with chicken, cheese, and sour cream is a must try -Addicting Chipotle sauce here -Their steak street tacos are my favorite -Great service at this location.

A vegan shouldn't have to bite into his specially ordered, non-dairy, bean burrito to discover he has been fed cheese.
And the manager should do a little more than offer a free coke to apologize for lacing lunch against a customers number 1 moral tenement.
Accidents happen.
We all understand.
It's the way you deal with accident that separates the good establishments from the bad ones.
Thanks for the free coke...   Great job making amends!!

YES, STAFF WAS GREAT!!!!
The food was great, I had the:  Original cripsy fried fish taco: outstanding, crispy and tasty!!!!
Gourmet shrimp taco: orgasmic, what flavor!!!!
I wanted more!!!!
Mahi mahi taco: very good for being healthy, LOL, needed the green slasa!
I can not wait to go back!!!
Best 10 bucks I spent in a long time!

Original fish taco...
OUTSTANDING!!!!
Gourmet Shrimp Taco... TO DIE FOR (get the bacon on it, it comes with it.
Staff was great too.
So why no five stars???
Salsa bar was boring, beans were just OK, and grilled Mahi Mahi taco was just good.
But I've been there 3 times in the past month!!!

I never met a Rubio's I didn't like.
I think I've been to every Rubio's in town.
Usually getting fish tacos...yum.
I'm addicted.
This location had friendly workers, it was clean and food delicious as always.
And it was $1.50 taco Tuesday!
Yay!

I had the steal burrito especial.
The price was a little more then I would have liked.
A little to small for that price but, it was still good.
The place was clean and the staff was acceptable.
I would have to say that this 2nd place to Phat Phranks but, its still not bad.
Try it at least once if you're in the area.

Personally this is my favorite taco place to eat period!
Try the gourmet shrimp taco and the salsa verde shrimp, these 2 are my favorite but honestly u cant go wrong with anything on their menu....also the customer service is unbeatable!

First time I had the grilled shrimp taco...it has bacon!
Yum.
Now its gonna be tough to pick...do I want original fish or gourmet grilled shrimp taco?
Um...both!
Great workers, clean location.

It's a great taste on the fish tacos!
And I'm from Ensenada where the fish tacos born!

This is definitively a find.
We moved from Chicago over the summer and it has been hard to find really good restaurants.
The food here was delicious!!!
My kids are super picky and they maxed the kids meal taquitos and Mexican rice.
My husband had the lobster langostino burrito and the surf and turf tacos and there were no leftovers.
I had the mango chipotle Mahi Mahi tacos and they were delicious.
I also had the shrim and salsa verde tacos and the shrimp salad and they were both really tasty!
Will def.
order from here again!

Extremely clean facilities.
Management was seen doting on the facility's cleanliness and the patrons' well-being.
Perhaps the tastiest Rubio's meal I've had, though I may have just been extra hungry.
Basic shrimp taco is quite tasty.

Seriously.
This is the best rubios ever.
The workers are amazing.
Every time, and I mean every time I'm greeted by a friendly, "hello welcome to rubios.
" I'm helped promptly, and the food comes fast.
I come every Tuesday after 230p for the tacos at 1.5.
And I add a chips and guacamole for 1 dollar more!
The place is spotless clean, salsas are consistently fresh and delicious, and I love the food.
Recommended for your fish or Mexican food needs.

Yummy Yummy Yummy.
My fav is the grilled shrimp burrito & the fish tacos.
Service is always good here which is nice.
Great choice for a quick meal.

What?!
This is a fast food restaurant?!
Wow... just wow.
First of all, when I think of fast food Mexican I think of Taco Bell...
I'm sure that doesn't ring (no pun intended) too well.
In fact, most would say Taco Bell is completely disgusting.
I wouldn't go that far, but it's clearly fast food.
I was more than pleasantly surprised to walk in and be greeted by an incredibly clean looking and smelling place.
Furthermore, the manager on duty who took our order was friendly, helpful and more than accommodating.
My wife and I can be pretty picky when it comes to certain types of food, Mexican especially... boy were we pleased with the outcome of this side trip.
Would I go here again?
Absolutely.
Would I go out of my way to go here again?
That's debatable.
But even now just thinking about the fish tacos... my mouth watered.
Yum!

Wife got Mahi mahi burrito and I got burrito especial with steak and everything was excellent.

The grilled veggie burrito was decent, the salsas thick and delicious.
My criticism would be the yellow cheese in the quesadilla.
I don't think they claim to be authentic, however yellow cheese is a no no in my book.
I would have given it 4 stars however it was cramped, uncomfortable and cold inside...That is a fast food restaurant trick to get ya in and out quick..I guess they don't want customers hanging around too long.
Overall I would go back but I would take my meal home and eat in a more hospitable environment.

I enjoyed my $7 birthday meal of grilled gourmet shrimp tacos with rice & beans and only paid $1 something.
Rubio's gets kudos for their e-mail club with this awesome birthday deal.
The grilled shrimp tacos come with bacon, avocado and a yummy white sauce.
Add picante salsa and it's the best meal ever!
The restaurant is clean, service is fast and they serve consistently fresh and tasty food.

I love rubios.
I think I'm there 3 time a week.
Well I work in the same complex.
Since I gave up meat for 40 days for lent, I discovered rubios.
I fell in love with the salsa verde shrimp tacos.
Its pretty cheap and awesome service.

I've been to this Rubio's several times and never had a bad experience.
This time I tried the pan seared shrimp enchilada combo.
It was delicious.
Usually I have the 2 fish taco especial plate.
So far I've only had seafood entrees and they've all been great.
The staff is always very friendly.
I just wish they were open later.

First time at Rubio's and we were so impressed!
Love the fish tacos concept.
We ordered every single fish taco on the menu along with their shrimp taco and burritos.
I like my fish seasoned with their blackened seasoning.
My boyfriend thought the burritos were good but a bit too heavy.
If you want something light and refreshing, go their their fish tacos!
We even recommended this place to a few friends already!

Your ad says you close in one minute I still don't have my order from two hours ago where is it?
I waited 3 hours and their third party delivery service never showed up and no one seemed to care.

Can hardly find fish in fish tacos.
Long John silver's at least has some fish in their fish tacos.
Will not return.
They did try to bring something else.
Chicken burrito.
It was ok at best.

Rubios honestly has the potential for great fast food.
The shrimp and fish tacos are pretty good by fast food standards, and the Langostino Lobster tacos are pretty tasty.
However, I cannot justify spending so much on so little.
The portions are very small for the money, and the fish does not taste fresh.
So while I will say the food is decent - the pricing is not.
As far as service, the staff seems friendly and helpful, as long as you don't advise them that your order is wrong.
They seem confused at that point.

First time here and the food is wonderful.
Great flavors, made fresh to order.
This place is a great find!

