My toddler loved this place!
He screamed through his first haircut elsewhere but they are so good at Sharkeys he was happy the entire time driving a car while watching cartoons.
They even have video games for older kids to play while they get their hair cut.
Fantastic!

WOW.
WOW.
wow.
This place is a great place to take your kids to get their hair cut.
Lil Man and I were in the area looking for a different shop, but came across one.
It's a little pricey, but well worth it.
Lil Man and I both liked it because it is a shop for a kid.
While the kids are getting their cuts done, they can play video games.
As the kids are getting their cuts, the siblings can browse around and shop for kids items such as movies, backpacks, toys, hair accessories, and much more.
They had three booths for the older kids and three kiddie booths for the little ones.
For the little ones, the chairs are made of the battery operated cars and jeeps for kids.
As for the older kids, one booth had a wii and games.
The second booth had an Xbox and games.
The last booth had a play station and games.
And of course, my son picked the Xbox since he has two at home.
I wish I  a kid again.
And being in this shop today, this is one of those times that I wish I was a kid.

Sharkey's Cuts for Kids obviously is a cool place for kids to get their hair cut.
My girls like to get hair cuts hair because of the cool barbie car that they get to sit in and the movie that they get to watch.
It's colorful, bright and clean - all very appealing to young kids.
Unfortunately for us, the last time that we tried to walk in for a hair cut they couldn't take us as they were too busy.
They do take walk-ins but because of my last experience, I recommend that you make an appointment.
My daughter also had her birthday party here last year.
It is a very nice place to have a party with 10 girls or less.
They have a small private glamour room and party area in the back, it's a little girls dream.
At my daughter's party all of the girls got their hair done, nails done and make-up done.
They spent a lot of time pampering each girl, I liked that a lot.
They had a selection of dress up costumes as well and there was a fashion show.
So cute.
Sharkey's provides pizza and juice as well.
There is a small booth to sit down and eat and have cake (you bring your own cake or dessert).
What's really nice about the glamour girl party here is that the staff does a great job of spending time with each girl and really pampering them.
The cost is very reasonable as well when you compare it to some of the other "girl party places".
We had about 16 girls at the party so it was a little crowded, that's why I would recommend keeping the number of guests to 10 or so.
Overall, a great party place for girls!
Your daughter will definitely have a blast.

Customer service was awesome.
They close @ 6pm and we came in just a few minutes before and still offered to take us.
While my nephew was getting his hair cut he was able to choice from three different game systems, which ofcourse he loved being that he is a 9 year old boy.
They also have a variety of hair accessories and gels parents can browse while they wait.
Its a little pricy and why I only gave 4 stars but I would return again when one of kids needed a haircut

My 3 yr old loves getting his haircut Here!
I highly recommend Lori !
She is the best :)  (update) my 3 year old is almost 5 now and we still love going here & still see Lori for his haircut.

I am giving a one star.
I have always taken my son to this place since he was 6mo old and have always been charged the same price for about a year now.
I set my appointment like always then when I get there they check us they get my son ready and then Lori decided to say it was double the price while sitting on the seat.
I decided for her not to cut my son's hair after I told her I have always been charged the regular price and she said well they have been miss charging you then, like it was my fault.
Lori your poor customer service just lost your place a customer.

This is the place you must take your kid to get the great haircut for sure.
I love the way they set up inside and all the entertainment are ideal for kids.
Specially, the receptionist girl is very friendly and she know how to keep the place super clean.
My nephew is 9 months old and we were there two times already.
We live all the way the other side of the town., but we drive 27 miles to this place to get the baby's haircut.
haircut lady is Cassy is very friendly and calm with our baby and always do the best to keep him happy.
Also, the other lady is fully support to keep up the baby busy and minimize the crying...
Finally, I recommend this place to any kid girls or boys to get their grooming done.
Also they give a balloon to every kid to play and they have great shampoos and hair care for kids for very reasonable price.

Best place for a kid's haircut in Henderson.
Comparably priced to other kid-friendly places, but MUCH cleaner, organized, and friendlier staff.
Definitely recommend it!

Great place to bring a kid for a haircut.
They have cars for them to sit in and movies for them to watch to distract them from the stylist (can you say stylist for a 3 yr old?
I guess if you are paying those prices)  It is a bit spendy ($20), but worth it if my son is not crying and is cooperative.
He gets a balloon and lollipop afterwards.
They also have a video game side and parties in the back for girls that want to dress up and have a fashion show.
Great time overall for kids.

We took our son here for his first haircut and were impressed.
The stylist was quick, efficient and great w our son!
The place was clean and inviting.
To top off our visit we left w a balloon and lollipop, every child's favorite!
My husband is looking forward to going back to play video games w my son while they both get hair cuts w the "dad & son" package!
Also, we had no appointment and we had no wait or issues.

Today we took our African American daughter 3) to Sharky's (Anthem) for a hair cut.
It took 21/2hours for the already short hair to be trimmed.
(Afro style).
The girl who cut it was very sweet and patient with her.
We were told by the manager, however, that "because of the texture of her hair and how long it took, the salon lost money and so they could not have her back in for another haircut.
"  The manager himself is African American so claiming prejudice is not the issue.
It seems sad and frustrating that this little girl will be turned away simply because her hair is hard to manage!
Form your own conclusions on this one.
In the end we gave the girl a very generous tip and bought some items from their store.

I always bring my son here to get his hair cut.
I had a bad experience once but have have great ones since then.
The guy who runs the desk is very sweet and welcoming.
Great first face to see for any business.
There is a younger blonde hairstylist there who is amazing and great at her job, the rest are average but not bad.
I love the cars the kids sit in and that they put on whatever your child wants to watch.I went in a couple of days ago and had a lady I had a bad feeling about but couldn't place why.
I should have listened to my gut.
I can't remember her name but she's an older lady with dark hair and a thick accent.
I showed her a picture of my sons hair from when it was a little shorter.
She didn't cut his hair she completely butchered it.
It looks terrible.
The worst part is I said numerous times "DO NOT take any more off!
Stop cutting!
" She just kept saying " no no I'm making it even," if even means ugly as he'll to her then she was spot on.
She finished bc I freaked out and went to put product in his hair.
I said again "DO NOT put product in his hair" she did it anyway.
Then I remembered...
This was the same nightmare lady I'd had before.
Wtf!
It seems like she would listen.
I asked for a trim, not a butcher!
I was so upset I literally started tearing up in the salon.
I told her " I absolutely HATE it!
" She never said sorry or anything just walked to the register with no personality and told me my total.
I'm not sure why I even paid or tipped!
I am however in service industry and don't believe in not tipping.
But just a heads up she's terrible!

My girls loved getting their hair cut at Sharkey's.
Definitely worth a little extra for my kids to be happy during their haircuts.
Kynndra and Marisol were very patient and kind to my girls...we will be back!

Nothing for kids to play with while they wait!!
I don't understand how this place has so many stars.
I came in with my 2 year old with an appt at 4:40...the place was busy and I could see I would have to wait...that was fine but there was nothing for kids to play with while they are waiting...no books, toys or anything.
So while I try to keep my squirmy child waiting, none of the staff acknowledge me, reassure me that I will be served soon.
After 10 minutes, which to a 2 year old might as well be 1 hour, and no acknowledgment from the staff my son got increasingly more riled up...i had to leave.
The staff could care less...and when I complained their attitude was "fine, leave".
For $18.95...you need a little more than a DVD player and one of those cars...how about a more attentive attitude and a waiting area appropriate for a young child.

My child has been going here for 4 years, and service is awesome.

Everyone here is so wonderful.
Appointments are preferred however they never turn away walk-in's.
They are all great with the kids and their fast.
This is the only place for a great quick cut for kids of any age.

