For the past 3 years, I have used this service on many occasions.
The latest was a 4am start to the airport.
I called the previous day, their phone lines are open 24/7 which is super useful, and the driver came early and was lovely and chatty.
The taxi I had was spacious and could easily fit 5 people, or 4 with a lot of legroom and suitcase space.
However, I know that they have smaller cabs, so specify if you are heading to airport/train and if you need extra space.
Prices of cabs in Edinburgh are a bit pricey (from the center takes about 18 pounds to get to the airport) but it's a prompt service and gets you there on time.

I'm fairly sure this is the biggest taxi firm in Edinburgh, if not then it's definitely one of the biggest.
Anyway, my point is that you'll invariably end up using one if you hail a cab anywhere in the city.
Which is lucky, because they're really good.
The cabs are always clean, new and in good condition, and even when you have 5 people in the back they're still comfy.
The best thing though, is that the drivers seem to nail the one thing that so many taxi drivers just don't get... if you're up for a chat, then they're chatty.
If, however, you sometimes just can't be bothered making the same small-talk with someone you've never met and in all likelihood will never see again, then they somehow seem to pick up on that and leave you to it.
They've even cut out the small-talk with strangers in the booking stage of the process... if you phone from a landline number you can just press whichever of the number options it is and a taxi is automatically dispatched to your address.
Genius!
During the day, rates start from £1.60, and at night it's £2.70, and the price always goes up in 25p intervals.
If you've got a snapfax though, mention it when you book and you don't pay the £1.80 call-out charge (every little helps when you're a student!

I always use Central Taxis for my taxi needs.
Generally that involves 6 of us sitting around drunk and realising it's time to head out so phone Central.
It amazes me how quickly they get here, just enough time for one last toilet trip and to down your drink.
I enjoy the fact they one ringer you when the taxi is outside so you don't have to hover round the window or wait outside in the cold.
I am always far too drunk to notice the price of the taxi, but I imagine it is reasonable enough by Edinburgh standards.

As a rule, a good taxi firm needs to:  turn up quickly.
be cheap.
have drivers that arent maniacs on the road, and have some banter.
Central Taxi's scores very highly in all three of those areas.
They really are always there as soon as possible - none of that 'Just around the corner' crap when the taxi has been an hour late.
They ring you when the taxi arrives, so theres no chance of you missing it all together.
Central Taxi's are cheap, and now you can pay by card - handy if you havnt made it to a cash point yet.
The drivers are always pretty nice, the cabs clean and they really know how to get to places quickly - without ripping you off.
The only taxi firm I would use.

Central Taxis have a brilliant automated system where you can ring them (0131 228 1211) from a landline and they automatically order the taxi for you.
It's like magic!!
When phoning form a mobile they always store your number and name so add a wee personal touch, which I quite like.
I've never bad a bad experience with them personally, but I know a few friends who have had problems with taxi's arriving on time etc and rude drivers, but every driver I've had has been lovely and chatty.
Unlike City Cabs, their drivers drive sensibly and don't cause chaos on the roads.
Whatever you do though, don't ask about the trams...

When I needed a taxi to the airport from Haymarket station in the dead of night not long back, I was faced with the option of a black cab and financial ruin, or one of Edinburgh's private hire firms.
I went for the latter, and central taxis.
It arrived on time, the car was clean, and I got the usual banter topics of local gossip, casual racism and ill informed political opinion from the driver, but the financial ruin still came.
He should have worn a mask when he asked me for 17 quid.
It's barely a 4 mile journey.

friendly enough on the phone but driver hadn't a clue what I'd arranged by phone about payment in advance.
5% surcharge for cards.

I want a taxi that shows up in minutes, comes with a friendly driver, doesn't charge the earth, and is easy to book.
That's why Central Taxis are my go-to company for scooting around the city (which I do have to do a lot, in my job, and often carrying things like a giant cake or a suitcase full of bottle openers and paper moustaches on sticks).
They have the bestest booking line ever.
You press a number to book a taxi ASAP, and then it lists your two most recent pickup locations, so if, like me, you often get the taxi from the same address, you don't have to give your address every time - just press 1.
And bam.
They arrive in minutes, give my phone a quick missed-call to let me know they're there, and off we go on another Yelpy adventure!
So far, so automated, so impressive.
Bring in the human element, so often the fatal weak link in a service.
Bring in the drivers.
Oh, these guys!
I love them!
They're cheery, they're chirpy, they're chatty, they're all those ch ch ch charming things.
I've never had a grumpy or surly driver or one that didn't leap out to help with my bags right away.
Central Taxis, I feel like my ever learning to drive would be a deep betrayal of our friendship.
You and I are forever.

