A charity store, in Newington with a very good variety of objects- I found here the wicker basket I needed for a theatre play.
Their stock keeps changing, but you will usually find some old golf clubs, furniture of sorts all in very good condition with very reasonable price to match.
There is also a cafe inside as well.It's one of many in this City, but I particularly like this one because it's a bit quieter than the others, and easier to browse through.
It's all for charity dedicated to helping homeless and vulnerable people, so it's a win win for all!

A charity shop and a cafe?
What a novel idea!
This Bethany outlet is very spacious, with the usual charity shop offerings such as clothing and books.
They also have enough room to store some furniture, which in my previous visit included some lovely antique oak wardrobes.
Aside from the neatly ordered layout, what makes this Bethany stand out from its counterparts is the cafe running down the side of the store.
They sell homemade cakes, teas and light snacks so if you become too exhausted bargain hunting, you can take five without having to move to a neighbouring tea room.
A bit more magical than your average charity shop, Bethany gives me yet another excuse to drink tea - to have a brew for a good cause!

The Bethany Shop and Cafe is a pleasant and homely charity shop which also incorporates a cafe.
During the summer last year my friend and I spent about an hour and a half in here just raking through the heaps of wierd and wonderful things which they sell at dirt-cheap prices.
We came out with an enormous Union Jack and a big, thick rug for about £5.
These items were just nestled away in amongst old hoovers, dustbins, ornaments and even wardrobes!
It also holds a surprisingly large selection on books in varying conditions but which are sold consistently cheap.
These include anything from biographies of Princess Diana to First Wold War poetry.
The cafe serves a selection of cakes, sandwiches and the usual hot and cold drinks and seems to be a hit with the shop's older clientele.
Whether you're just passing or fancy getting something semi-new for just a few quid, The Bethany Shop and Cafe is definitely worth a look.

As far as charity shops go, The Bethany Shop is pretty well equipped and they have a heck of a lot of clothing, furniture and bric-a-brac.
They have so much furniture that many of it is displayed outside to entice people in and I think it's also because if it was all indoors there would be no room to move.
I always feel the charity shops are a two way thing.
In one respect they are raising money for a good cause but they're also helping people out who maybe can't afford to buy brand new furniture or are looking to save a few buck.
Of course, not everyone who goes to a charity shop is in this position but many people are which is why it's good to see charity shops selling stock for a reasonable price.
I was quite frankly disgusted to see an old wardrobe that was on sale for £500.
What an absolute joke, it was the shoddiest thing I've ever seen and if you wanted to spend £500 on a wardrobe you could get a brand new one of excellent quality.
I realise that they're trying to raise as much money as possible but that's just greedy.
The ridiculous wardrobe was the first thing that caught my eye when I walked in so it immediately put me off the whole shop but I still decided to have a browse.
They have a lot of stock including toys, ornaments, shoes, clothes, board games, CD's, videos and there's a larger toy section located downstairs.
In addition to being a regular charity shop there's also a cafe that offers teas and snacks.
This may sound awful but I think I have a phobia of charity shops, I hate that lingering fusty smell and don't even like going into my own attic so the idea of eating in a charity shop kind of makes me feel sick.
I realise that most people don't share my ridiculous phobia and I guess it's quite nice to have a cafe especially to build up a friendly customer base.
I still can't get over the £500 wardrobe but I guess The Bethany Shop is worth a look and you might uncover some treasures.

If you are looking to buy furniture in Edinburgh, it can a bit of a challenge to get hold of it on a budget.
Many will just head to Ikea, but although you get many good places with furniture in Edinburg, none can beat this place for the range of good value furniture on offer.
In addition to this, if you are looking for some suitcases then this place cannot be beaten as far as I'm concerned and for very little money you should be able to buy something that will be more than able to satisfy your needs.
Don't mistake me into thinking that the range is what makes this place special, because there are places that do offer bigger ranges, but this always comes at a premium and you rarely get places that offer a range of cheap furniture, so that is where it stands out as a place where you get a choice of cheap furniture.
If you have a house that needs furnishing or are in need of suitcase for your summer travels then this is most certainly the place to come.
You do also get a cafe and other ranges here, but to be honest they don't stand out in the same way and it would be foolish to focus on anything other than the areas where this place excels.

