I've been using this place ever since I moved to Edinburgh 4 years ago.
It doesn't like much from the outside, in fact the entire shope is squeezed into one tiny little room, but it's definitely a case of quality over quantity.
I come here to get my cartridges refilled; I always knew it was cheaper to refill than buy new ones, but I never realised how cheap until I used Capital Cartridges - I paid £9.50 in total for both my colour and my black and white, and the guy can't have taken more than 5 minutes to do it.
While he was doing that, I had a (quick!
) browse and although I'm no computer expert it would seem that this place stocks literally every possible accessory you could ever need for you computer.
They had everything from the most bling, sequin-encrusted mouse I have ever seen (I'm fairly sure if Jordan could work a computer she'd have one of these), to at least 15 different types of A4 printing paper, and everything in between.
I think I'll be popping back in soon to get myself a webcam, they  had some great value ones in that I spotted on my last visit.
If you're a student, take you're snapfax - you'll get 50% discount on your first visit and 25% discount after that.
Although it's such good value anyway you'll almost feel a bit mean asking for it!

If you own a printer then you'll know just how expensive cartridges are and this is for a reason, because they are complicated and have expensive parts.
However, when it comes to the point when your old cartridge runs out you can pay a lot less by refilling them, which is also more environmentally friendly and far less wasteful.
For under half the price of a new cartridge you can normally refill a cartridge from here saving you about £50 a year if you're a regular printer of items.
Simply put you'd be daft not to come here and save your money for the same result.

This is a fantastic place to come and refill your ink, it offers terrific value for money and if you haven't refilled your ink before, you really should start as the savings are amazing.
The price of ink must be one of the most expensive liquids around, they really are extortionate, sometimes it can even be cheaper by buying a new printer rather than buying new ink!
However, if you come here, all you need to do is bring the cartridges that you have in your printer and the staff will happily refill them for you.
I was charged £11 to refill my HP cartridges and this would have been well over double if I had actually bought them new.
There are also a good deal of other things in the shop with lots of cables, wires and accessories that you may need for your computer/laptop.

