I'm no coffee connoisseur but the Americano I had here went down smoothly.
The rustic wooden interior and mellow tunes typically attract student types and those in search of a quiet read.
What sets this place apart from usual cafes is its hidden attic style hideout.
Behind the service area, near the rear of the cafe, lies a minute staircase leading up to what can only be described as a kind of tree house, reminiscent of a child's 'den'.
Take your lengthy assignment, deep read, or perhaps lover up there and you can hide away for hours.
I on the other hand had a 2000 word assignment and a delicious strawberry, banana, cranberry and passion-fruit smoothie to accompany me.
Nonetheless, secluded and quiet, I reached the word count and left with a smile on my face as I walked back across the meadows with Edinburgh's beaming sunshine on my face.

Black Medicine's new location is pretty sweet.
I think I can safely say I've been to every single Black Medicine in Edinburgh, which isn't that much of a feat considering there're only three, but still.
I like this one.
I like this one because not many people actually come here.
Compared to the one on Nicholson street where you have to fight for a seat, or the one in Marchmont which is quite often full of loud screaming children (I generally find that all children are loud and screaming).
So far, the music's been lively and good.
Actually good.
And varied.
The iced latte was a teensy bit disappointing, mainly because a third of the glass ended up being foam (very sly, coffee man, very sly).
But, seriously, this cafe's layout is really interesting.
It's on two floors and it can both accommodate a bigger group of people or intimate coffee dates.
Oh, and their paninis are pretty swingin'.
I had cream cheese with roasted veg and it was deliciously balsamic.

This is a sort of little sister to the other two better known Black Medicines in town, on a quiet corner of Bruntsfiled Links.
It's all compact inside with tables tucked away in corners and close enough together to make it impossible not to eavesdrop on your neighbour's conversation - one of my slightly guilty coffee shop pleasures!
Anyway, apart from the dinkiness, this branch sticks with the tried-and-tested Black Medicine formula of good coffee, good music, and a chilled out  atmosphere where you don't feel guilty about bringing a pile of books and staying there for hours, nursing a single drink.
Although actually I normally end up giving in to temptation and buying one of their cakes as well, especially if they have the ginger cake, which is my favourite.
My only minor disappointment was that, given the cafe is next to a beautiful green park, there's a conspicuous lack of windows - in fact, it's actually somewhat dingy, and when I did get a table near a window I found myself overlooking some dustbins out the back.
Which wasn't a problem - I'm not so aesthetically sensitive that looking at some rubbish will put me off my coffee!
It just seems they haven't made the best use of their awesome location.

The guys and gals that run Black Medicine Coffee Co are clearly on a roll.
Not content with running two cool coffee shops, they've recently opened this wee branch off Bruntsfield Place.
Spread over two floors, it's decorated in the same sparse but homely feel with rustic wooden cladding and furniture.
The staff are friendly and accomodating - a rarity in some coffee shops I know!
- and the music is nearly always classic rock, blues, indie or americana.
The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5, is it lacks the atmosphere of the other branches and is so cosy you often over-hear other peoples' conversations.
I know hearing other people's stories is usually fuel for a writer but sometimes a girl just wants to chill out!

I sometimes get angry at the Yelp star gadget for writing that little statement next to the box.
You know, three stars is 'A-OK' and five stars is 'WOOHOO!
As good as it gets!'.
I don't use those words, Yelp.
I would never fucking exclaim 'WOOHOO!
' because a business has free wifi or a bartender makes a superb aviation.
Anyway, when you give four stars, the machine exclaims 'Yay!
I'm a fan' and I think for the first time ever, those words sum up my thoughts almost perfectly.
Except for the exclaimation mark.
I'd leave that cracker out and just say 'Yay.
I'm a fan'.
Yay.
I'm a fan of Black Medicine.
It's a cool enough place, the coffee is 4-star and the staff are all pretty nice.
They have a swell loft mooch spot, though it packs out regularly, and the food, while kinda pricey, is ripe for the noms.
It's all very 4-star.
I will admit I've never been to any of the other Black Medicines so I don't know if this place is very similar to ones some of my friends go bat-shit-crazy for on the other side of town.
There's not much to get excited about this place though.
It's kinda just comfortably soaking up some of the Bruntsfield coffee-lover run-off next to the meadows.

Yay!
I finally went guys.
Having heard treat (that was a typo, should have said "great", but i like "treat" so it's staying even though it doesn't make sense) things about this place, and to cheer myself up after viewing a vile (yes, VILE!
) flat I decided to pop in on my way home!
I was a little underwhelmed with the layout, couldn't find anywhere that I felt comfortable to hole up and work, but I kinda liked it...and the staff were nice - not too fussy, but i wasn't ignored.
Menu looks great, so i just tested the water with a large latte to go & it is delicious.
They put the sugar in for you, nice touch, as I always hate disturbing the foam to mix my own sugar in ;) AND, you get a free bottle of water on any large take away drink!
So all in all, good, happy, pleased.
I will be back, thank you black medicine!

I like this Black Medicine, a lot.
It's tucked away in a quieter spot, and it really is a wee secret as it's harder to find.
In fact, is it just me or was this place *really* hard to find?
Anyway, once you do find it you'll come across a lovely, quite small, quite quiet but still awesome coffee shop.
Unlike the Nicholson Street branch, it's small.
It still has the same feel, and it's actually more accomodating for folk like me with a laptop and some work to do.
Lots of wee tables.
There's a mooch spot up top, with a little balcony over the coffee-making area.
When I was in, on a mid-week morning, a friend of the owner was up there with his dog and it made for a pleasant, friendly, home-from-home feel.
They also do fried breakfast rolls with cooked food (like fried egg and bacon) which I don't think the other Black Medicine's do.
It still has all the awesome coffee, cakes and gluten-free veggie friendly soups (their soups are awesome).
So yeah, I really like this place.
I'd like to come more often.
I'm not sure how busy it gets at the weekend or later in the afternoon, but I liked that it was quiet and friendly and the egg and bacon roll was GOOD.

We just happened upon this wee coffee shop on a sunny day out on our bikes.
It was about lunch time and we were roaming around bruntsfield links in search a place to chill out and have a quick bite.
When we first got there, there were lots of mama's with kiddies inside, which is a good sign for us as we had the wee one with us.
The place is really cozy and the atmosphere super chill.
We had a couple of sandwiches and drinks.
The chicken panini was very yummy and the falafel bagel was good too.
Overall we enjoyed the food and coffee/hot chocolate.
Very nice surprise!

Like other folk have said, it's a lot quieter than the other 2 BM cafes but it's all the better for it.
Great coffee, loads of little pokey corners to settle into and fairly laid back atmosphere.
Although strictly speaking there's no outdoor seating, this place faces onto the links so there's not many bigger or better outdoor seating areas in all of Edinburgh!
Although all these things shouldn't make it stand out from any of the other cafes nearby, there's a little something about it that makes it a nice little spot to head to if you're wanting to dip out of the day for a while.
Whether you're looking for a caffeine hit, a chance to catch up on your email (free wifi) or just want to read a book for a bit, there's few better places for it in that part of town (the Cameo bar would give it a run for it's money).
They also do deals on food in the mornings too, which is a nice little bonus if you've skipped breakfast, but the coffee should be enough to tempt you inside their door!

I'll preface this by saying Black Medicine isn't exactly my favourite coffee chain in Edinburgh.
I think I'm jaded from having to fight for a table when I lived closer to the Nicholson Street location and the wifi constantly cutting out.
But I recently discovered this one after moving to Tollcross so I decided to check it out.
Positive first - I love the 'look' of Black Medicine - knarly wood stools and tables, the option of a table or booth depending on what you're doing.
And this location has the same look going for it.
I feel like I'm in a treehouse or something.
Unfortunately I must have come in at an off time because I ended up having to wait a solid 15 mins for my cappuccino after I paid, which felt like a long time.
I liked that the coffee came with some cocoa on the top and a little cookie on the side though.
Its a pretty well loved establishment with lots of regulars so I'm sure my presence won't be missed.
There's just  way too many other awesome places in the neighbourhood to try.

Perfect coffee everytime.
The bagel selection is impressive but I've not sampled myself.
My favourite item is the iced mocha.
Wow.
Always done right and makes other chains versions pale in comparison

Went here today with some friends for lunch and was pretty impressed.
Had a pastrami, Swiss cheese and jalapeño bagel, friends had panini's which they all seemed to enjoy.
Good choices for fillings and seemed happy to alter as required.
I only had a juice but noticed they did a good range of milkshakes and the cake selection looked tasty.
As it was such a lovely day sat in the links, but looked to have ample seating in the cafe.
Will def recommend and will be back to try other items on the menu.

