Fish and chips isnt my favourate take away in the world.
The fish is usually greasy, and a bit old - having sat in those little warm glass case things for ages before you turn up and buy it.
There is however, somewhere which does things differently, and much to its credit.
Newington Traditional Fish Bar cooks everything fresh in front of you - not only do you know that the food hasnt been sat there for a couple of hours, but it tastes better as well and is far less greasy.
The chips are crispy and fluffy and everything else is very intising indeed.
The trouble is that freshly cooking fish for each person who comes in takes its time, meaning that you are waiting around for a while, but it also costs money, and its not cheap.
If you are really into fish and chips, and want good tasting and fresh food, then this is the place for you.

If this place were to ever close, Edinburgh would be a much worse place to live.
Yes, it's greasy.
And yes, you eat your food out of a cardboard box.
But it's so worth it.
These guys make the best chips I think I've ever had in my life, so much so that I can barely remember much about the fish that came with them.
What's more, they have a great habit of accidentally giving you double the number of portions you asked for, which can never be a bad thing in my book.
I know everyone claims to know the best chippy around, but I don't care what anyone says.
This is it.
In fact, the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it's quite pricey.
Absolutely worth the money though.

The Newington Traditional Fish Bar is probably my favourite local business on Clerc Street.
The owner assured me that I wouldn't taste fish as fresh as this at any chippy for miles around and I can definitely believe him.
He conveyed a genuine passion about the quality of the fish which he used and he only fries it for each customer upon order, thus your food hasn't been sitting around for an hour before its even served.
What's more the chips are amazing, crispy and fluffy without the grease and resultant lethargy you get in you stomach afterwards.
The quality is undoubtedly exceptional, however, it does come at a price.
It is about £3.50 for a moderate portion of fish and chips.
Further, there's about a five to ten minute wait for the food because it is being fried to order.
Nevertheless, good things are worth waiting for.

Every time I have a visitor from home, they all want to try fish and chips- and I never really knew where to take them that was decent.
That was until this bad boy came on to Clerk Street.
Undoubtedly some of the best fish and chips I have had in Edinburgh.
The fish is fresh and the chips are great.
Sure it's a little greasy but that's British fast food to you.
This place is always popular with the locals and the students and understandably so- now there is no debate where to go for good ol' fish and chips in cardboard boxes.

"Getting a Newington" has become quite a common phrase amongst myself, my flatmates and any one who has spent any significant time at our flat.
Located just down the road from us on South Clerk Street, this is the best fish and chips I have ever had.
What stands out particularly are the chips.
Never before have I ever had such perfectly cooked chips and I doubt I will ever find somewhere that does them better.
I don't know what their secret is, but they are certainly worth of all the awards they have received for them.
One other thing that stands out is the fact that, no matter what time you go, your food will always be made fresh to order.
On too many occasions I have stumbled into a nearby chippy on the way back from a visit to the pub and been presented with a supper which has been sitting in the counter for hours.
But here, they make a point of making everything fresh.
The staff are great.
The owner is always up for a chat and often I have been the only customer and I haven't noticed the wait for my meal at all due to his company.
While the prices are a touch higher than you'd find elsewhere, the superior quality far outweighs this.
Also, the portions are huge and sure to satisfy any appetite.
Be sure to check out the weekly special, a smaller yet still sizeable supper for £1.99 that changes each week.
Brilliant.

This take-out on Clerk Street, which oddly calls itself a bar, is always advertising daily specials at really cheap prices (mostly around and under £2!
) I've only eaten here after a night out, but it's perhaps useful to know that this particular evening ended a little earlier than usual, so the fish bar will be closed if one were looking to buy something after 2am.
I decided to go for the seemingly safe option and ordered some fish and chips, which was ALRIGHT...
If I'm hungry after a night out and the food wasn't absolutely mind-blowing, it must have been quite mediocre.
Then again, I haven't had too much luck with Edinburgh fish and chips, so I my bar wasn't too high.

Bearing in mind how close Edinburgh is to the coast is is a crime that the chippies in the city are generally terrible.
The fish is bland and over battered and the chips are soggy and coated in that sewage that claims to be Edinburgh sauce (a satanic brew of brown sauce and vinegar).
But not here.
The Newington Traditional Fish Bar is bucking the trend by actually being really good.
The fish is excellent; they have the standard haddock, plaice, scampi, etc and they have daily specials, reinforcing the fact that the ingredients used are fresh.
This is one of the things they pride themselves on; they tell you you'd have to wait a few minutes longer, but it's definitely worth the wait, as you can see your food being cooked in front of you.
The 'guest fish' are excellent, normally white fish, but often subtly different from your normal haddock etc, also the batter is much lighter than other places.
As well as fish, there are the norms you would expect to find in Edinburgh chippies.
there are burgers, battered burgers, sausages, haggis, white pudding and chicken (not fried).
In the afternoon they do a special offer where one of these will be available with chips for £1.95.
There is also a student discount available of 10%  The only reason this place does not get 5 stars is that the chips are still not amazing.
They are very good, but just not as good as in other cities.Once the Newington Fish Bar perfects these, it will be a well earned 5 star review.

The Newington gets the distinction of being the first Scottish chippie I visited here in Edinburgh (not to mention the first one I've visited outside the good ole U.S. of A.
)  The chips here were fantastic, as was the batter and preparation of the fish.
With that in mind, the taste of the fish was almost non-existent.
Not BAD by any stretch of the imagination, but I found myself sopping up as much brown sauce as I could with each bite to give the fish some flavor.
This may sound like a deal-breaker, but the texture of that golden fried piece of cod so far surpassed any other place I've visited thus far that I HAVE to give it four stars.
It was perfect.
I also appreciated that the filet came out of the fridge, was dipped in the batter and fried AFTER I ordered.
This, I would guess, is what separates this joint from all the others I've visited.
I'll try to get back and order that battered, deep-fried half pizza the gal in front of me took out.
It looked like delicious death in a cardboard box.
I love Scotland...

update -  went a couple of times in last 6 weeks and not so good ...hope the owner will ensure original standards are kept up up as he appoints new staff ... chips were still ok but batter on fish was cardbaord like rather that the foamy-crunchy-ness of my origianl review ... and fish did not seem as good.
As suggested by the other reveiwers, this fish & chip shop is way ahead of all thebog-standard places in Edinburgh, whose approach is to cook up to 10 pieces of fish at once then leave them sitting under heat lamps till they are sold, often meaning you might as well order fried cardboard (the Tail End ofn Letih Walk excepted).
They have recently opened a down stairs sit-in restaurant which I have not tried yet.
It only took about 5-10 minutes for my order to be prepared last night which is pretty good - fish and chips cooked to order  They also have interesting fish on offer including mackerel, pollok and other daily specials.
The only thing I feel lets this great place down is the overall decor of the upstairs space - a bit shabby and unwelcoming.
It's clearly a diffucult space with the oversized spiral stair case taking up a lot of room- it would be nice if this could be re-configured to allow a few sit-down tables up stairs.
But at the very least it could be smartened up and made more welcoming - Having said that, the restaurnat down stairs looks quite nice.

Based on the other yelp reviews this seemed to be the best rated chippy in Newington.
I was thoroughly disappointed.
The smoked sausage appeared to have been cooked more than once as the skin had separated from the meat - difficult to achieve.
The chips and pastry on the steak pie both had the consistancy and taste of solidified fat.
Never again.
Straight to the bin with this one.

Well I did get deep fried white pudding, but it wasn't great.
The swampy was pretty off and the batter hard and super greasy.
They have downstairs seating which is dingy and dull.
Not a nice place to stay and eat although their brown sauce was tasty.

Maybe it's the fact that I grew up in a coastal town where even the worst Fish and Chip shop was actually pretty good that makes me slightly uneasy about judging other establishments in Edinburgh; which has, lets face it, on the whole very below par Fish and Chips.
However, it is with no trepidation that I deem this place terrible.
One evening when out looking for something to line our stomachs before a bout of heavy drinking we decided to head here for a good old-fashioned Scottish dinner congruous with the night ahead.
Upon entering this place the gents in my party alerted me to the discovery that the place had obviously changed hands, I suggested out of hunger pains that we strive forward.
The place has an unsettling feel to it, the décor would suggest good fish and chips but the eerie silence and the amount of gentlemen behind the counter in outdoor wear just staring directly at us as we entered did not seem indicative of a good meal to come.
This was very true indeed.
Chips that looked and tasted super market bought, anemic and limp, and a few smatterings of small scampi.
My meal, which came to £6, was meant to be Cod.
What I received was a tiny single fillet of supermarket bought Cod slimed in a transparent skin of batter.
All round it was awful and worth barely a couple of quid.
There's wonderful fresh fish to be had in Edinburgh, and for the price I had paid I should have headed to the great Tailend Fish and Chip bar.

My favorite chippy in Edinburgh, recommended to me by my flat mates for good reason.
Sure, it's just fish and chips, but the fish is perfectly fried and served with rich brown sauce.
Staff is friendly and prices are good, so it's a great place to grab some fish, chips and Irn-Bru.

