This review is for the splash pad at Fountain Park.
I took my son a few days ago, on the first 90 degree day this year.
It was the perfect spot for a 3-yr-old on a hot day.
The splash had is large, well-kept, shaded, and has a nice variety of splashy things (yes, that's the technical term).
There is a huge "No Running", which is nice to point at when the big kids are running full sprint into my little guy.
There are also shaded picnic tables close by and of course, the entire park surrounding.
Plenty of seating for mommy to be cool and shaded while watching the kiddo run around splashing  There is also a playground, which we didn't make it to because my munchkin was tired and hungry.
Next time.
Anyway, I just loved this splash pad!
I imagine it'll get crowded as it gets hotter, but we'll continue to hang out here as much as we can this summer.

Love this park!
The walk around the lake and watching the fountain go off makes for a great way to peacefully exercise.
This park is great if you just want a leisurely stroll or if you want a place to take the children.
Playground equipment, splash pad and BBQs can be found here as well as a pizza place which overlooks the park.
We have been here many times and always enjoy it.

Nice park!
Had a blast with the familly.
Frisbee golf course looks like it could be fun!

Very relaxing place to de-stress.
Hang out on the grass or take a stroll around the lake, have the kids play in the play area or have a bite to eat.

Rating is for the disc golf - park would maybe get 4 stars - but the course to me is uninspired - go to Buffalo Ridge instead

I was thinking about how I have been here in AZ for over a year now and looking back to some of my favorite places and events.
I had been to this park a number of times (I didn't have a job when I got here) but the highlight was the St. Patrick's day visit.
The fountain goes off (I think at noon) and it is green.
Now for those of you from Seattle or Oregon I am sure it is food grade, biodegradable, organic, wild, free range fish food and not a harmful chemical.
Either way it is kind of fascinating as are the people walking around.
I think FH really misses and opportunity here to have a food vendor or 2 to make this into more of an event, or maybe combine it with some Irish heritage festival.
The patio's of the local business are packed, so get there early if you want to sit down and eat lunch.

I use to take road trips to Phoenix from Colorado all the time.
One of my favorite things with driving into Mesa was seeing this fountain.
I always wanted to venture out and see it and finally did!
This place is very beautiful at night and the fountain is activated every hour.
I will be back for sure!

absolutely beautiful!
The fountain shoots up to 562ft into the sky and if you are there during a beautiful sunset it makes for a more spectacular experience!

Maybe the city where Fountain Park stands should be named Surprise, Arizona.
If you have not seen Fountain Park before, it is a big surprise.
If I did not stay in the Scottsdale Sleep Inn there would be no Hotel Manager Larry to recommend Fountain Park.
Fortunately I learned about Fountain Park, and there is Yelp to share it with several people.
I live in the Las Vegas area, the home of the Fountains of Bellagio.
Regardless that the fountain in Fountain Park does not dance to Celine Dion music, it is candy to the  eyes and meditation to the soul.
The fountain is the centerpiece of an attractive manmade lake that is encompassed by a walking trail with benches and park amenities that include a playground.
The totality of the walking trail presents a captivating view of the fountain that shoots water 562 feet into the sky every hour.
*     A manicured grassy shoreline buffers the lake from the walking trail.
This is a waterfowl hot spot.
Being an animal lover, when I sat on the bench to view the fountain, I enjoyed my time in the company of ducks and geese.
If you travel here from a distance, I recommend spending some time across the road at the town center.
You just might hit it when there is a carnival.
And if you dislike on-street parking like me, the Town Center provides sufficient parking.
*Source: Wikipedia

If you like shopping, it's here.
If you like walking, it's here.
If you like hiking, it's here.
The Avenue of the Fountains has multiple smaller fountains to admire along with shopping and eating.
The plaza at the Fountain has more shopping, including a pet store with good prices and the Fedex or UPS (I forget which; either way, it isn't in Google).
At first, my family thought that someone hit a fire hydrant...
There is a mile loop around the fountain that has Frisbee golf.
You can walk your dog around it and there are bags available along the loop for when nature calls.
There are also benches with shade, art work, metal work, statues (if you like statues, stop at the Library while you're here.
Excellent and beautiful metal and plant work outside.
), a veterans memorial and playground.
A little bit of everything for everyone!
If you like hiking (and a great view of the fountain) there is a 1.17 mile loop that goes up to the top of a hill (it's not paved) nearby.
It is stunning.
The sun reflects off the lake and the grass looks so lively and green.
Excellent spot for photography.
The hike itself isn't too difficult, but always bring water!
Some day I'm going to picnic up there!

Cool fountain

We were running a 5k around the area and our destination was the fountain.
The fountain wasn't running when we were done but it also was a bit chilly.
I have seen the fountain and its glory before.
It is cool to see if you are in the area but I am not sure I would make a special trip just for the fountain.

A most delightful doggy outing to the Hills.
We let Luke go and chase the duckies and had the occasional blind play date.
Just a short hop skip and jump from N Scottsdale, recommend going equipped with plastic picnic tarp to sit on as honestly the whole grass area is ducky poo town.
But nonetheless if you can find shade and enjoy a champagne brunch with the background of AZ's finest H2O monument, by all means take the drive, you won't regret it.

I visited Fountain Park at the recommendation from my old college flatmate, Vijay R., who lives in the region, a couple weeks ago.
It was a bit of a detour en route to Sedona (my original destination from Scottsdale), but after seeing the fountain go off there at the park, it was a well-worth detour in retrospect.
I would never have thought to come by, since I'm not that avid about fountains really.
The community of Fountain Hills, in general, is a nice, quiet bedroom community just northeast of Phoenix.
The town is surrounded by beautiful views of the surrounding mountains.
I'm sure it's sunny here 360 days of the year.
Fountain Park is located near the center of town and is family-friendly, as evident by the number of parents, grandparents and children playing around.
There are duplicate sets of playgrounds on two sides of the park near the parking lot.
Several shops and strip malls are within easy walking distance.
I was told the park's fountain was among the largest jet fountains in the world (definitely top 5, if not higher), and goes off 15 times a day, every hour or so for about 15 minutes.
Since my party and I arrived for the fountain show early, we found a shaded bench/picnic table area and caught up on some emails and text messages.
I noticed there were a lot of water fowl in the area, like ducks and such.
The park was very peaceful overall.
When the fountain came to life at 1pm, I took photos (you can see some posted here) like any other tourist.
To get a scale of how big the fountain in the middle of the lake is, you can compare it against the size of people standing by the lakeside in the photos.
The fountain's distance gives the illusion that it seems smaller than it really is.
I suppose it also helps reduce the mist and splashing from the droplets.
One of my friends looked up how high the water jet shoots on his iPhone, and apparently it goes up 560 feet.
That's taller than the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris and another hundred plus feet higher than the fountain on Lake Geneva in Switzerland (Jet d'Eau).
There's no other fountain in the country like it.
I recommend visiting this local landmark if you're ever in Arizona or the southwest.

We were staying in Scottsdale so I thought the 20 Min.
drive out to Fountain Hills wouldn't be bad to check out the fountain and let the kids play on the playground.
We were really disappointed to find out that the fountain doesn't operate when winds reach 10MPH!
All we saw was a fountain base with no water.
BOOO!
On top of that the playground equipment was really hot in the afternoon sun so my daughter couldn't even play on it.
This park isn't bad, but there really is nothing else to do around the park if the fountain isn't operating.
Just remember to check the wind forecast!

One of things I love to do, is taking Sunday drives through Fountain Hills and stopping at the Fountain.
Since moving to the Valley, I've found there's something relaxing about doing this.
The streets are almost always empty and when you do encounter someone they are always deferring and polite.
I know we're more than halfway through 2013, but it reminds me of Sundays before the Blue Laws changed in the mid-1970s  Euro Pizza http://www.yelp.com/biz/euro-pizza-cafe-fountain-hills#hrid:5OBFv-7_N9nhSi04xgy90A   has a nice view of the fountain.
I would recommend it for lunch or dinner.
Ask to sit outside by the railing unless it's too hot..
It goes off every hour on the hour.
http://www.fh.az.gov/fountain-park.aspx  Enjoy!

Interesting, pretty fountain.
There's a good amount of parking on the main road alongside the fountain (you might have to parallel park, so practice before you head out).
Lots of green grass to walk your dog or bring your family, and a handful of benches are scattered around for people to sit and watch the fountain.
There's several shops with tourist-y items for sale to pass the time.
I don't know if I'd make the drive out again to see the fountain, but it was scenic and fun.

The fountain is amazing...at least if you like to look at fountains.
This towering fountain goes off on the hour during the day.
I understand it generally is at less than full height.
The park looks pretty but we don't spend time there since other parks are closer

This is a really nice park!
I grew up in the area and always felt safe walking here, day or night.
The grass is kept up nicely, the waterpark is awesome for children, and it is frequented by walkers/joggers/dogs, etc.
The only thing that annoys me is how disgusting the water is in the grass.
It always reeks of weird sewer smells and the smell can damper the experience of a romantic stroll....

Since moving to FH I visit this place daily and the dog and myself love it.
A great walking path around and just a relaxing and peaceful place in general.
Very clean and well groomed park, despite the Canadian goose crap they do clean it daily but, hard to clean up right after them!
You can't get a better view at sunset with the fountain going off and sun going down behind the mountains!
Keep and eye on your small pets and young kids as I've seen a bobcat and several coyotes lurking in my short time here thus far.
Overall a friendly, safe, relaxing place to hang out relax, take a walk or just to site see or people watch!
Plenty of parking around if your not walking to it.
So far my favorite place to be here in FH!

