I felt like I was in that old Mervyn's commercial with my face pressed into the glass, saying "OPEN, OPEN, OPEN".
Finally, on April 12th it had its grand opening.
It's a little boutique store with so many choices of home decor for both indoor and outdoor to please anyone's taste.
As the website says "unique products and competitive prices", It stays true to its word.
It ranges from little knick-knacks like decorative magnets, flowers, candle holders, vases, to wall decor, lamps,  and even small furniture!
I definitely can see myself buying for birthdays and house warming gifts.
Don't believe deceived by the name "rod works: unique iron..." yes they do sell a section of just  beautifully crafted iron designs/decor, but there's so much more.
It's wall to wall, floor to ceiling of plentiful items to fill up any house.
Although I wouldn't say that this would be my one-stop-shop for my home, it's a great place to add to my repertoire of stores.
And no my husband isn't too happy about this....

The prices at this place is really unbelievable!
You really can't find any items in here in any other places in Las Vegas.
Target prices for one of a kind items is enough for me to jump for joy when this place opened.
They have lots of promotions too without making you sign up for credit cards and e-mail promotions etc.

I LOVE THIS STORE !!!
If you love to decorate this is the store for you, they have such a variety, and so much to choose from you spend alot of time in there because you know your going to miss something!
Very good prices too...Have fun

Was so glad they opened a store here, no longer have to go to Utah to find all the unique and great things they have !

Very good service!
It actually reminds me of Hobby Lobby decor section, but better quality.
Their things are even priced right which surprised me since it's a smaller store!
A++

I LOVE this store!!!
We recently purchased a  new home and I have found so many things to decorate it here!
Fun and unique pieces and priced so affordably.
The owner Lolly and Kim are  very helpful and have wonderful suggestions with home decor ideas.

My husband and I moved into our dream house this past November and were having trouble finding some final pieces of decor to make out masterpiece complete.
After one visit here, our mission was accomplished!
We have been back several times since and always find something we love.
The best thing about this place is that everything is super reasonably priced which really shocked me.

Great place to go for that unique home decor gift for that hard to buy for person.
The inventory is always changing to keep up with the seasons which makes random visits so much fun.
The staff and owners are the salt of the earth kind of folks that make me so glad they decided to hang their shingle up here in Las Vegas.
They will go out of your way to help you not to mention have you laughing and smiling because they are super personable.
Also the prices are more that reasonable and they off a military discount (thank you much).

My wife loves this store and have to say I love it too!
Quality and unique products, excellent customer service and owners that really care.
Rod Works is one of a kind and grateful to be their neighbor!

When buying gifts for friends and family or transitioning your house to a home, Rod Works always has what you need.
Beyond the excellent quality of their home decor is their staff, customer service is everything and this locally owned store definitely knows the definition of service!
My #1 go to for all things home and gifts!

I have been wanting to stop in here for a while.
They close at 7 and that's when I get off work, so it took a while for me to make it in.
They have so much unique stuff in here I LOVE it!
Came home with 2 really cute signs for my house.
Can't wait to go back and get the others I was eye balling.

I had never even heard of this store until it appeared on an episode of Sister Wives!
This store carries home accents and seasonal items that I don't need but just want, and it's got a Mom and Pop feel.
The customer service is fantastic.
Very friendly.
I was looking for a Valentine's wreath and an item called Poop Pouri for my sister in law to give her relief from her husband, my brother.
Somewhat of a gag gift but not really.
They have so many cute items here for your home, picture frames, kitchen organization, wall art, etc.
But I also love that the store is not cluttered or junkie to the point you feel like you are missing anything.
The prices are very reasonable and I utilized the Yelp deal to save even more money.
Another tip is to follow them on Instagram to get updates on new merchandise and sales.

This place has very unique items at a very reasonable price.
I love this place and so does my husband.
He actually enjoys going with me to look at all de decors that they have.
Great place.

Love this place!!
Amazing home decor!
I finally found the shelf that I needed for my kitchen and they have tons of cute decorations to make your house a home, very unique!

