We took ourselves for a walk along the river to the Dean Gallery and the Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art.
This too me was something I was looking forward too after a long walk.
Sadly for us they closed off some of the floors to the public in both of the galleries, as they were changing some of the installations and hangings.
Both galleries got nice surroundings if you wish to take a rest in the gardens.
Dean Gallery has a very nice restaurant attached to it and by the look of it a very busy one too, so I would phone to book in advance.

The Modern Art Galleries is made up of the Dean Gallery and Gallery of Modern Art, located in two separate buildings across the road from one another.
The Dean Gallery is smaller and has some interesting pieces.
I was rather impressed by the big metal roboty thing which stood two stories tall.
I checked the website for this, because there is not a chance I would remember it and I want to be helpful, so the Dean Gallery features Dada and Surrealism.
I couldn't tell you what that is, just that I enjoyed this nicely kept, quiet gallery.
The Gallery of Modern Art is, well modern art.
So I go in and think, WTF this is a room with some junk in it.
Whereas someone else goes in and says "Aha!
A masterpiece!
" There were many pieces where I thought, HUH?
Really?
That is art?
But then there was some fantastic pieces with so much thought and effort put into them.
One of the exhibits is a wall where this guy has added the name of every single person he has ever met to.
It's not a painting but I thought it was pretty fun.
This gallery is a mix of the odd and the outstandingly good and bad modern art.
Great way to spend an afternoon because it is quite entertaining and always stirs up that debate of "What is art?
" Oh and it is free.

On a warm summer's day, I like nothing better than to take a walk over to the Gallery of Modern Art.
It is situated about twenty minutes walk away from Princes Street, but it is a world apart from the busy city centre.
The walk takes you through the picturesque Dean Village and by the water of Leith, all very leafy, green and calming.
The Gallery itself is housed in a neo classical building set in beautiful grounds (which also feature a few interesting pieces, there's a fabulous Henry Moore sculpture outside to the left of the main entrance).
Entrance is free, although there is sometimes a small charge for visiting exhibitions, I don't mind paying as they are always well-curated .
The Gallery's shop sells postcards, books and other art related odds and ends (I am currently coveting a Pantone mug, geek!
), it's not too expensive and a good place to pick up quirky gifts  Just over the road is the Dean Gallery, which also houses modern art, although it specialises in Dada and surreal pieces (Magritte, Dali etc), I implore you to check it out as well.
The GMA provides a wonderful home for some amazing artworks and the café serves lovely food and tasty cakes too.
Perfect.

This place has my heart.
Fact.
I used to study History of Art when I was in 1st and 2nd year, and every Friday we would go around the museums.
When we were in the Modern Art Gallery, I was positively giddy!
The second you pull up to this gallery you understand why.
The gardens, designed by Capability Brown I'll have you know, are very very cool and modern.
It's a bit like the Tellytubby's opening sequence.
The gallery itself is amazing.
It's such a lovely lovely day out, I can't tell you enough how great it is.
I know it's a but far out of the city, but there is a free bus that leaves from the Mound that comes here regularly!
Brilliant!
It's a green bus with paintings on it - depicting whichever exhibition is on at the gallery.
It's worth going just to look around the garden.
The Dean gallery is brilliant too!
I love it, and so will you

I have to say, I came here because I promised that I would meet my sister here on one of her college trips to several art galleries across the UK.
Firstly, although I know that there are several bus shuttle services that go just to the galleries, I actually drove there in my car and it was a nightmare to find - no sign posts at all.
Anyway, one problem aside, the gallery is actually rather stunning - even my sister who is really into her art was blown away by this place.
Using here as a make shift tour guide I wandered around this place with my jaw dropped, its quite spectacular.
A great place to come visit, if you can find it.

This is a very picturesquely situated gallery indeed, with the gardens spread out in front of it, and the Dean Gallery opposite, which is also a fantastic piece of classic architecture to feast your arty eyes on.
The Neoclassical Gallery of Modern Art is just as good as the Dean, and holds Scotland's national collection of modern art.
I've always had really mixed feelings about modern art.
I know there are too many artists and too many modern art styles to generalise, but I think it just depends what you view as art, and I see proper art as something that took skill to produce.
Looking at a small blue paint dot in the middle of a newspaper that's folded in half and stuck on a wall does nothing for me, however I do appreciate Picasso, Matisse, and Peter Howson, and these are just a few of the great artists you can see at the gallery.
The gallery also hosts a series of high profile temporary exhibitions, so if you're in the area, it's pretty likely you'll enjoy one of the exhibitions showing at either the Dean or the Gallery of Modern Art.

This is quite frankly one of the finest modern art museums I've ever seen in my life.
Housed in an imposing neo-classical building, which was designed by William Burn in 1825, it moved to this site on Belford Road in 1984.
Right now they are celebrating their 50th anniversary, so I recommend you don't miss this museum.
They've currently rehung a lot of their works and they're currently featuring "What You See is Where You're At".
I'm not much of an art critic, but I did enjoy the "Super Realism" exhibit, which showed how Pop Art renewed interest in photographic realism, and American popular culture.
But I think I enjoyed the Young Scottish Painter exhibit, which over the next several months will showcase three emerging Scottish painters: Alex Dordoy, Sophie Mackfall and Alan Stanners.
It's a pleasure to discover the works of new artists.
While we have an outstanding art museum in my native Pittsburgh, the Carnegie, I often wish we had something a little more dedicated to modern and contemporary art.
The building grounds here are simply gorgeous!
The layout of the building is very logical.
And the facility itself is simply stunning.

I'm not an art enthusiast, and modern art leaves something to be desired for me.
Sometimes, a piece will catch my eye but overall, I just tend to stagger around exhibits in a bewildered fashion and hope that something sparks a debate.
There is a sign outside "Everything will be alright".
I like that.
I also liked the Edvard Munch and Jeff Koons exhibits although I will be honest, I preferred the works in the Dean Gallery, at the time showing an exhibit on August Sander, a rather impressive early 20th century portrait photographer.
The grounds are, as the other reviews point out, are glorious, and the landform, although closed off to access when we visited, still remain a stunning sight.
If you have any interest in art at all, you will probably visit at some point, and I don't think you will be disappointed if you do.

I like going to Modern Art museums, but the National Gallery in Edinburgh somewhat disappoints me unfortunately.
The art collection is very limited, when compared to those in the MoMa, Guggenheim, Lisbon and other places.
The sheer space is vast - there are two separate buildings housing the art.
The garden space is magnificent, and the outdoor room cafe is definitely worth a check.
I spent about an hour or so seeing their permanent collections.
A nice part is the gift shop as it has some pretty good stuff there.
Admission is free.
If you like to spent a couple of hours on a cloudy day, this may worth a quick look.
Also, the Lothian bus line does not reach there, so your £3.50 all day bus pass will not get you over.
There is another bus line that will get there, but it runs every hour so public transportation is not superb.
However, it is a fairly quick, nice walk from the castle (about 15 mins), and not bad if you want to check out the houses and Scottish architecture.

Fantastic, world-class collection, stunning grounds that are ideal for a wander and an incredibly good cafe in the bowels of the building.
Their salads are particularly immense, and don't forget to order a cake!
What is not to love about this wonderful stalwart of Scottish culture?

I've always found the Museum of Modern Art to be fairly badly used, in that they choose some rather poor exhibitions to stage there.
Last time I went it was the Edward Munch exhibition, which largely consisted of entire rooms holding the same image (predominantly the Scream) in a variety of different colour prints and not many (if any at all) original and finished pieces of art.
I was more interested in the Gallery's more permanent exhibits, such as the giant metallic creature in the cafeteria.
Exhibits tend to price in the range of £7-10, which, depending on the exhibition can seem reasonable or not, especially considering the more substantial National and Portrait Galleries are free.
It's a shame because the venue is nice, set in some lovely surrounding grounds and just a little out of town.
Just wish they would up the ante a little.
Until a decent exhibition comes along, I'd recommend the Portrait Gallery over this.

Smaller then I hoped.
And really only highlights one artist upstairs and has changing exhibitions down stairs.
I like a bit more diversity in my museum experience...
I've heard about some great modern artist that are from Glasgow... so where is their work?

