Phenomenal experience.
I called at about 3 on a Friday afternoon for a cut and color - and manicure - after work.
Once I got there, I added in a pedicure.
Even though I was asking for a lot in a short amount of time, the owner, the stylist, and the nail tech didn't even blink.
First impression upon walking in was that the place was soothing.
Comfy couches, tranquil colors, the works.
Next I met my nail technician, Becca.
She was super-gentle - mani was good, but pedi was excellent.
So happy and relaxed, and with a great color on my fingers and toes.
After the pedicure I met Sarah.
My hair was a disaster area, with too-dark color, grays all over the top, split ends frizzing everywhere - the works.
I had been frustrated beyond belief - I'd basically given up on ever getting my beautiful hair back after a strong medication had fried it.
I've tried so many products to fix it - but nothing has worked.
Within an hour, Sarah had completely revitalized my hair.
The colors she mixed for me are perfect for my skin tone, the trim was flattering, and her blowout literally had me in tears in the chair.
Most importantly, I'm writing the next day, and it still looks fabulous.
My husband loved running his hands through my hair, and I can't wait til my mother sees it - can't even describe the emotions.
The night was expensive, yes, but since I was ready to just buy a wig, I have to say it was worth every penny.
I have found my new salon - thanks to Trankie (the owner), Sarah, and Becca for the amazing customer service - along with the skill.
You made me look and feel pretty - thank you!!
Ana  PS - I'll try to get a new picture up soon!

Although i don't have hair, i've been coming to this salon for years for my bi-monthly massage.
glad they're finally on yelp!
i'd like to consider myself pretty opinionated about my services and will give respectful negatives and positives on all my experiences.
i have to say, i have NEVER had a bad massage experience and i have yet to find anyone comparable to the resident massuese Tranki.
i've tried a couple others over the years in phoenix and 3 others in Louisiana, and all have been a disappointment.
i have yet to try their other services however.

My hair was getting way too long (with tons of dead ends!
) and I wanted to surprise my fiance, so on my lunch break, I walked into the Downtown Salon.
I was seen right away and it felt very welcoming as soon as I walked in.
I discussed different options with the owner and decided on a shampoo, cut, blowdry and style.
I have never been happier with the results of a haircut in my entire life!
I highly reccommend Ashley Gabriel...she's amazing!
She picked a cut that perfectly frames my face and is so easy to style!
She also suggested a styling product that I don't know how I lived without!
All in all, a VERY successful trip to the salon!
I will definitely be back for their other services, especially their wide variety of massages.

Don't you just feel FABULOUS when you get your nails or hair done!!!???
I just went over to Downtown Salon Phoenix and had Frida Gurgg do my nails.
She gave me the Works including Gelish, which she says will last 2 weeks!!
She has a Great Personality and was a perfectionist - inspecting my nails through each stage of the process.
My hands look and feel like a Girl again (no Winter Hands here!).
Jay at the front desk is friendly and helpful (and cute:), and Trankie, the owner, was on-site making sure the experience was A+.
It was!
The space is very contemporary, attractive and comfortable.
Thank you all for a great experience.
I will be back in a couple of weeks!

Just had a pedicure and gel manicure with Freida, she did a wonderful job!
The pedicure was really relaxing... my toes look gorgeous, and one of my favorite manicures ever.
Freida is super nice and fun to talk to.
The staff are very friendly, even put quarters in the meter for me :-).
I highly recommend this studio!

I had met Downtown Salon Phoenix owner Trankie Romero a few weeks ago and dug his general vibe.
So when I decided to audition stylists closer to my Downtown office, it seemed logical to give one of his girls a try.
So glad I did.
Before turning on the clippers or grabbing the shears Ruth actually talked to me about what I wanted to do with my hair.
It sounds like a no-brainer strategy but you'd be surprised how few stylists ask the right questions or really take the time to listen.
I got a very relaxing wash and condition and a great haircut for about the same money I was paying Uptown.
Great value given the convenience of being located a block from my office.
As a bonus, the young woman at the front desk was attentive and beyond nice.
Reception is another service element many salons fail to grasp.
Great job, Trankie!
I love keeping my money in the Downtown economy but the real reward is getting your money's worth.
Can't wait to go back.

I've never edited a review I have posted before, but this one is worthy!
I had a bad experience when I was first went it but this was quickly resolved by the owner.
It takes 30 seconds to make a first impression and rarely does a first impression change once it's made.
Not so in this case.
Everyone has "off" days sometimes and the way I was treated the second time I went in was more than enough to compensate for my initial experience!
The owner asked me to give his salon another chance and I am glad I did!
The salon is clean and bright when you walk in.
Also, there is a lot of parking in front of the shop which makes it very easy to make it on time to your appointment.
(Sometimes difficult in the downtown area!
) At the front desk, they are friendly and offer you water while you wait.
I didn't wait long , maybe a minute or two for my technician.
She was amazing!
Frida has been doing pedicures for years and I got a nice introduction to her and background which I thought was great!
It helped me to relax knowing how experienced she was.
She asked often during my pedicure if the pressure was ok, the water temperature.
I appreciate being asked if everything is ok so they can adjust to your comfort level.
The owner personally came by to offer more magazines and check on me.
He happened to be there that day, but I also  get the impression he takes great pride in the service his salon provides and is very involved in the day to day functions.
My pedicure looked great and felt amazing when it was finished and has lasted through days of being shoved in very high heels and lots of being on my feet so far!
They were very attentive to me personally and made conversation about the event I was getting ready for.
The owner even complinted my pedicure after it was done.
Every girl likes to be complimented!
The salon has a wide range of professional services and prices are reasonable.
I am looking forward to trying more services there, they are close to my work and I came out feeling refreshed and relaxed!
The owner walked me to my car and thanked me.
That kind of service would make anyone feel pampered and valued and that's what you go to a salon for!

So it's been awhile since I reviewed Downtown Salon Phoenix, and it's time for a new review.
Ruth cuts my hair and she's awesome.
I don't usually chat with people cutting my hair but I always look forward to seeing Ruth and talking with her while she works her magic.
I have total trust with her and my hair.
She has cut my sister's hair as well so you know I trust the lady if I'm sending my sister there.
Michelle gave me my first facial today and it was awesome.
I thought it was just going to be my skin getting pampered but she educated me on my skin care routine, what I'm doing right and what I should change with my routine.
She explained why my skin is the way it is.
The appointment lasted right around an hour.
There was calming music, and we both had a really good deep meaningful conversation with each other.
I got a lot from the facial but the conversation was really good too.
I wouldn't have expected myself to talk about some of the stuff I talked about but it was very therapeutic.
My soul got a facial too!
It was an awesome experience and if you are looking to have your face pampered then I strongly recommend seeing Michelle.
Everyone at this salon is amazing.
Trankie the owner is one of the kindest people I've met and he has a gift at what he does right along with the people that make up the wonderful team at Downtown Salon Phoenix.
Keep it local and support this awesome group of people.

Excited to have found a great salon in my neighborhood here in phx.
The first year and a half after I moved here I waited for trips back to SF in order to get my hair done, but now that I've found this place a hair appointment no longer involves a plane.
I've gotten great cuts (with Morgan) that had a lot of body to them and grew out well.
She was also super helpful when I was indecisive about color helped me decide on something that matched my skin tone really well & that I've gotten tons of compliments on.
Loved the Morroccan Oil they used in my hair there so much that now I use it after every wash.
So far I've only had hair appointments here but heard they started doing gel nails too and because when I paint my own nails it looks like an epileptic 7 year old on a bender took a whack at it I am looking forward to trying this there too (word on the street is they've got a ton of color

I had my first visit today at the Downtown Salon and it was wonderful.
Freda removed the awful acrylics I had gotten at another "salon" and gave me one of the best manicures I've ever had.
She was extremely patient with the awful products that were on my nails that took awhile to remove.
The removal process was painless (for once) no drills (yes!
) with great conversation :)  I love the shape and color ~ I have a return appointment for a pedicure next week that I am looking forward to

This place is such a beautiful breath of fresh air in the middle of downtown phoenix.
Nice comfy couches and a great welcoming space.
I got there after an awful drive (my rearview mirror had fallen off the windshield shield I was at work) on the 17 post an 8 hour shift.
I had an appt for a massage though and it seemed like a perfect time to get one!
I saw Trankie, the owner and masseuse, after I came in and he greeted me with a big hug and told me he'd be ready on time for the massage.
I've had a few massages and mostly been disappointed.
I always feel like the masseuse isn't forceful enough, or just plain hurts me.
Trankie was amazing!
got me very relaxed and gave me a massage that I think about two weeks later (sorry about the late review!).
Definitely recommend going and getting worked on!
Furthermore, the salon did a benefit for the Grow-Op Co-Op.
A local garden coop/store where you can buy crafts from artists.
I thought that was a very cool thing as supporting the local community is something that really helps everyone.

Located in the Heart of Downtown Phoenix, the salon is next door to the entrance of the Hyatt.
It is a small salon that does it ALL!
Nails/Hair/Massage/Facials/Make up Services/Waxing...etc!
I had a D.T massage and I'm a new woman!!
Michelle (tiny woman bless her soul) worked out all my knots and kinks I could not believe how great i felt afterward!
I just believe that as women, we push and push ourselves to make everyone else in our lives happy- that massages are something we need to release all the stress from those accomplishments.
Okay- done preaching about that!
NOW- on to my facial....... the facial..... was just plain pampering at its best!
Facials are by no means a "necessity" in life, they exist merely to make you feel like a princess.
This was my FIRST facial and  I felt like a princess!
My skin was glowing after wards and was so soft!
I literally had my boyfriend, mother, and sister TOUCH my soft face.
VERY convenient for those of you that work downtown and want to get pampered while rush hour traffic is happening!

Downtown Salon is wonderful.
I have been going to Ruth for my hair for several years now.
She does a great job, particularly with the color.
I recommend the Moroccan Oil treatments and products they sell, which work wonders on dry hair.
Everyone in the salon is always pleasant and friendly - from the receptionists to the stylists to the owner.
Downtown Salon is a great option for a hair salon in downtown Phoenix.

Clean, cute and welcoming!
The owner Trankie, is adorable and sweet.
Frida the nail tech does magic with nails, and is very clean, worth the money especially if you're trying to get away from the disease ridden Asian places.
A great little salon accessible from the light rail.
Great decor as well.
If you live or work downtown it's a great place to go!

Great place, comfortable and friendly.
For guys, Adrian is da bomb.
He does an amazing job.
He has an artistic eye, very consultative and a welcome break to your run of the mill clipper cuts.
He actually still uses scissors on the top, and it shows in the end result.
Highly recommend Adrian.

Adrian is the MAN!
This is the best men's cut in Phoenix, hands down.
I started going to Adrian when he was at Boxers Men's Salon down the street, and now I won't let anybody else cut my hair.
I've been to a number of salons, but nobody can hold a candle.
My partner cuts his own hair, because he says everybody butchers it.
"Not everybody can do black hair," he says.
Well, Adrian can and did.
Now he goes every two weeks.
Also, the place is much nicer than Boxers.
Very clean place, very nice staff.
I haven't tried any of their other services, but people seem happy when they're done.
GO SEE ADRIAN!

Tired of disappointing haircuts at Great Clips, or Sport Clips?
Go see Adrian at Downtown Salon.
He just flat out knows how to cut hair...period.

i have never had a better massage than i have at this salon....trankie is a pro.
it is clean,  friendly,  and they carry great product.
it is probably the best full service salon i have ever been to,  including a lot of the major spas in las vegas and scottsdale.
every service i have used there is top of the line,  including facials,  nails, and hair......  great people.
pat  scottsdale

The first time I went here was because I needed a last minute cut for a wedding that weekend, and since it's so close to my work, it seemed like my only option.
Everyone inside was super friendly and I definitely felt relaxed the whole time.
In fact, I almost fell asleep when the lady was washing my hair!
At that point, I would have given it 4 stars, as I rarely hand out 5.
The second time I went in was the icing on the cake.
If you need a sharp men's haircut, you need to head in and see Adrian!
He is hands down the best in Downtown Phx if not in the entire city!
He's friendly, professional and most importantly, he's very talented!
I felt like an instant buddy the second I sat down in the chair.
Reminded me of when my roommate used to cut my hair in the backyard to save money, except that this time it turned out perfect!
Guys, GO SEE ADRIAN!
You won't be disappointed!

My sister and I loved the pedicures here.
People were super nice and location is right downtown.
Go w the standard pedi, it's like a spa pedi most other places.

all i can say is the best nails i have ever had.
my nail tech's name was cookie.
her work was flawless and she was funny to.

Fantastic mani-pedi with Cookie!
Everyone there is very nice and helpful.
Good products too.

The best place for a men's haircut downtown hands down.
Trust me I have tried every place downtown and there is no competition.
I have been going to Adrian for about 8 months now and he hooks me up and treats me like a VIP every time.
His prices are reasonable and he will keep you laughing for sure.

Had a wonderful time!
My technician Michelle was amazing  and we had a lovely conversation as she did my nails, and discussed out future plans.
I stumbled  upon this salon after having a horrible experience at Moraiah's II and was simply searching for the next closest nail salon.
Complete 180, they were friendly, courteous and attentive as soon as I walked through the door!
After spending this spring break studying for a differential equations and organic chemistry exams being here was the pampering I was looking for!
Big thanks for being the stress reliever I needed.
They are a little more expensive especially for a college student but well worth it!
I would have stayed to get my hair done after manicure and feet paraffined if I had more time; because I see that they stock Moroccan oil products!!
This will definitely be my self treat when the budget permits!

Ruth.... You have turned me into a blonde bombshell.
There is nothing this lady can't do.
I've been coming here since December, and every 8 weeks I am happy as a clam.
We've been transitioning me from deep red to blonde (tough challenge), but she goes out on a limb and aces it every time.
I've been getting compliments all week!
I'm thinking of making my blue-haired sister drive all the way from Flagstaff for Ruth's amazing color correction...
I'm sure she could figure something out!
lol :) Thank you Ruth!
You're amazing!

I've only experienced a pedicure here, so I can't speak for other salon services offered.
A little over a month ago, I met a friend for pedicures here.
I had called a couple hours prior to make the appointments and was grateful they were able to accommodate us.
We arrived a bit early, and were offered mimosas and to peruse the color selection.
At our appointment time, we were taken back to two side chairs with copper basins placed at the foot of each, filled with warm soapy water.
I had selected a gelish polish, and was advised against it.
The technician offered to pull similar colors, and I was thrilled with one of her selections; it was the exact shade I was looking for!
It was a pleasant enough experience.
The technician I had was very chatty, unexpected as my friend and I had wanted to catch up during this time.
My main concern with her chattiness was the continued diversion of conversation to her drunken antics.
But my toes looked nice and my feet were refreshed, so I was pleased...  Until I wasn't.
While waiting for our toes to dry thoroughly, we were asked to move so they could sit the next appointments.
Although that is understandable, and from my experience the norm, we weren't offered an alternative place to sit.
We shuffled to the front to pay.
Where I was in shock that they charged $48 for a pedicure!
That seemed extreme for a pedicure that didn't offer any luxuries that would have otherwise merited that price.
Adding insult to injury, my pedicure was dingy and tired after 5 days, when it typically takes about 3 weeks for that to happen with my feet.
Overall, I've had much better and was disappointed on many levels with my experience here.

YO ADRIAN!
Coming from the SF Bay, I have high standards when it comes to my hair.
I have really thick "Asian Boy" hair which resembles that of Mogli from the Jungle Book.
I took for granted the art of a good haircut until I moved to AZ and got JACKED UP by countless barbers.
Just as I was about to give up and go all  "Miley Cirus" on my hair , I found Adrian on a total fluke.
Adrian was welcoming and listened really well to what I wanted and executed the haircut flawlessly.
Needless to say, I have been a regular of his ever since.
Adrian is hands down, the best in Phoenix.
PS.
The owner is super cool and the folks working the front desk always welcome you with a beautiful smile!

This place is amazing!
Ask for Vieve if you desire excellence!
The environment at Downtown Salon is cool and inviting, and very spacious.
The stylists ask plenty of questions and deliver quality cuts and styles.
The chairs are also pretty private, which is refreshing for a salon of its size.
There are awesome colors by Special Effects (which are tough to locate since their warehouse switch!!
) for hair as well!
The best perk of this place is that the sinks are super comfortable.
I am taking my boyfriend here today for his very first salon hair cut experience, and will post another review from the man's perspective today.
Go get beautified and be comforted knowing that you're supporting a badass local spot that will give you what you ask for.

My friend and I stopped in here straight from the airport on our way to a wedding complete with luggage and all.
The service was wonderful, that definitely gets 5 stars.
The staff helped us stow our luggage, the ladies who did our nails were incredibly friendly, and when we left the gentleman who cashed us out was also very friendly and super helpful.
However I would not recommend this as a place to just pop in for a pedicure.
Two of my nails are already messed up - which could very well be my own fault - and just a pedicure costs $48 but didn't seem extraordinarily different from the general $22 pedicures I usually get.
It did seem like a lovely place to get your hair done, though I can't comment on that.

First time coming here!
My nails and toes were in desperate need of care, and now they look and feel amazing.
Very impressed with everyone here.
They def.
take the time to make sure everything comes out perfect and they really cater to your needs.
The place is really clean and well decorated.
My mani/pedi was pretty expensive, but well worth it for the care it needed and the excellent service.
I'll be coming here when my nails and toes need some extra care ;)

I am from Florida and I am staying downtown for work.
I didn't have time to get a cut before I left home.
This morning, I walked in, met Vieve and she is wonderful.
she talked to me about my options and offered some suggestions.
Then, she cut it exactly as we had discussed....right after she gave me the scalp massage of my life.
All the people I spoke with at the salon were very polite and welcoming.
When I find out I'm coming back to Phoenix, I will definitely plan my haircuts so that I can see Vieve again.
Hmmmmm...I wonder what she thinks of Florida...

I was referred to the salon by my hotel as I was in desperate need of a manicure/pedicure for a business meeting.
I was very disappointed in that the service I received was sub-par.
My service was over $100, and my gel nails started peeling two days later!
My nails were barley shaped, and she only cut my cuticles on a couple of fingers.
(Yes, all fingers needed them)  It is my fault that I did not say anything, however I was just hoping to get out of there, and away from the lady and her negative Drama.
I truly do not mind spending the time, nor the money on a good service, however this was not.
Positive - The owner was very pleasant.

I landed in Phoenix for a day of meetings and realized my hair had become a disheveled mess.
There was just no way I could deal anymore, and I'd been on the road so much that I hadn't had time to get anything done at home in DC.
I figured I'd take a shot; popped open the map, saw some decent reviews and figured "why not".
GREAT.
CALL.
I walked in off the street, expecting to wait for awhile...but I got lucky and they could take me right away.
Vieve took a look at the hot mess I was dealing with, took the time to figure out what I wanted and went to work.
Not only did I have an amazing conversation (Economics?
Libertarian policy?
Gary Johnson?
All of the above) but I walked out with the best haircut I'd had in a long damn time.
Oh, and I'd been paying literally twice the rate in DC for the past few years.
It's enough to make me look for reasons to come back to Phoenix.
No lie.
If you need a haircut, this is your new spot and though I'm sure the other people working there are great...do yourself a favor and sit in Vieve's chair.

This might be my favorite haircut ever.
Not just because it's perfect for my hair (it is!
) but because the whole experience was so pleasant.
Vieve takes the the time to listen, to ask really great questions, and to give great, practical styling advice.
The salon was accommodating--they were able to take me early--and just so welcoming.
If you're a Phoenix local and you're not going here, you should be.
If you're in town on business (like me) or vacation and need a haircut, this is the place.
Now I just need to find an excuse to come back in a few months...

Just had my first service here the other day.
I had a massage with Lawrence.
I have to say I was fully impressed with his genuine care and concern with my many ailments.
Most LMT's just rub, poke, pinch and prod you then send you on your way leaving you feel almost in more pain than you were.
I left my massage so wobbly, and loosey goosey...Lawrence not only was able to feel where my issues were, but also gave some great advice on what to ask my doctor.
He was so personable made me feel comfortable enough to speak up if the pressure was too strong, light, or if there was a particularly tender area.
I've worked as an assistant director of a salon and spa before, and have been in customer service for 10 years.
Lawrence is such a sweetheart and doesn't BS.
You can tell he truly cares about every client that comes through those doors.

The Downtown Salon placed a brochure in my hotel room when I was in Phoenix for a short stay.
I checked their online reviews (thank you Yelp!
) and booked a massage and a blow dry.
Lawrence provided one of the best therapeutic massages I've ever had.
Ruth did a terrific job on my hair.
I walked out feeling  and looking wonderful.
The staff is pleasant and friendly.
I wholeheartedly recommend this place.

Santanascissorsaz had a great experience.
We found the salon very professional and friendly.

