This ain't no ordinary corner shop.
Boasting a  huge selection of the most random things you would expect, such as a wide choice of Dorset Cereals and ingreadients for tapas making, it basically has everything one might want but cannot be bothered to head to the cheaper Tescos up the street.
If you can't find something, don't hesitate to ask, they may not be the most polite staff but don't let that put you off.
Also has a very good selection of dried herbs.

While maybe not quite a 'superstore', Kamco is far more than a glorified corner shop.
Firstly, I must mention the staff - while on some occasions they can be a bit grumpy, they are generally very, very nice and that really is something for a shop that is open almost all hours of the day.
Secondly, Kamco has just about everything you will ever need, all under one roof - and plenty of other stuff you dont need besides.
It seems to have stuff you have never seen either, or stuff that is rare to find outside of America.
There is also a fresh section as well as toiletaries, newspapers, groceries, snacks and sweets.
This may actually be a superstore after all.

Kamco looks like a glossy shop from the outside, and you assume it's full of exotic foods and whatnot.
Inside, it is more like a convenience store, but a jolly good one at that.
It has everything from fresh fruit and microwave meals to toiletries.
It's great for locals who need to do a big shop but can't be bothered driving to the nearest Tesco.
Of course the prices are a little more expensive than a supermarket in here, but it's not through the roof as you'd expect from a corner shop trying to win its money back.
I dropped in for a few essentials during the day and the staff were pretty normal.
They said hello and were polite but left me alone to shop, which is all you ask from a convenience store!
The impressive, classy signage makes it look like a deli - it is not.
But what it does do is offer a reasonably priced array of stock to locals and passers by.
As Jonathon said, they also have a small selection of international stock, including some chocolate bars from America should you crave a Hershey's.
It's clean, well stocked and does the job nicely.

You always think this place is really convenient.
It's open late, it's much closer than the supermarket and they usually have that one random thing that you need but forgot to buy.
But the quality really just isn't great.
When I was having friends over for dinner I realised about half an hour before they were due to arrive that I'd forgotten to get strawberries.
No problem, I thought, I'll just nip over to Kamco... except when I got home (after paying £3.50 for a tiny punnet), I opened the lid to find that they were all mouldy undersneath.
Brilliant.
Long story short, it's great for the normal corner shop type of things, when you need a paper and a pint of milk.
But even though Kamco's owners like to think that they're some sort of deli, they're definitely not.

I had to write a review for Kamco!
This more-than-a-convenient-store  always seems to save my day one way or another.
Although the shop is quite large for what it is, it's not supermarket.
And yet its stock seems infinite, it always has what I need!
From food dye to spices to Dutch Apple cake.
It's really quite bizarre in a very good way.
(They seem to really like their range of dark chocolate which is always a plus for me!
)  Some have complained about the occasional bad batch of vegetable or whatever.
Unfortunetly this is nature of  "real" food which isn't all GMafied and quality controlled to death a la Tesco.
Of course if you do find a mouldy carrot in your groceries, Kamco should be happy to replace it.
I, anyway, have always been satisfied with their fresh fruit and vegatables.
Like a lot of convenient stores, Kamco offers fresh samosa and pakora to go with your Indian or just for a snack.
Whilst these are readily available I always find the ones in Kamco to be paritcuarly nice.
Prices are average for convenient stores and sometimes they have good deals on (which is quite rare for this sort of shop).
A great convenient store with a fantastic range of stock that always seems to satisfy.

Kamco is a fantastically convenient convenience store.
Located on the busy and bustling Nicolson Street, it is an incredibly handy store for students living in the Newington area to buy their food.
It is a big store inside, stocking a wide range of different food such as fruit and veg, canned goods, drinks, soups and magazines.
They also sell a selection of homemade goods such as simosas which I bought once and they were absolutely delicious.
But probably my favourite aspect of Kamco is that they sell Ben and Jerry's Ice Cream - amazing!!
What more could you want?!
Kamco is also just a short walk from the University halls of residence, Pollock Halls, so it is a handy place to pop into to buy sweets, snacks or alcohol.
The one downside to Kamco is the staff - I have been into this store many times over the past four years and each time I have been in, the staff serving me are always quite and rude and appear to be indifferent as to whether or not you purchase from their store.
it almost makes you not want to buy your grocceries from them.
Apart that, Kamco is a great local shop and will stock all of your essentials.

Kamco is my local convenience store and has provided me countless times with the items I need but can't be bothered venturing all the way up Nicholson Street for.
Pretty much anything you need is here.
There is a good variety of fresh fruit and veg, and I often pop down here if I've started cooking and find I need a few more onions and carrots, which have always been fairly priced and of good quality.
I mainly use Kamco for snacks.
There is a great range available, from the delicious pakoras and samosas to crisps to delicious carrot cake brought in from a homebaker.
The prices are fair enough for a convenience store, and most items are clearly priced.
However, as is the case with the majority of such stores, if an item does not have the price on it, always ask!
Or you may be in for a bit of a shock.
Another thing, this shop doesn't sell alcohol, I'm guessing for license or religious reasons.
So if you're after some convenient booze, you'll have to look elsewhere.
Also, similar to most shops of this scale, the minimum purchase with a card is a fiver.
If under a fiver, the surplus charge is £1, which is more expensive than other shops I have seen which charge 50p, so make sure you have sufficient cash to hand.
The staff are quite abrupt as has been mentioned before, but you'll find that the norm amongst such shops in this area unfortunately.

Kamco is your local corner shop, but a bit larger.
That is the only advantage to it, the size.
Apart from that it's mainly bad things.
The food is pretty bad quality, and really overpriced for what it is.
The 'fresh' fruit and veg is always on the point of going off and has dubious bugs on it sometimes.
These are all massively marked up, and there's no way they can justify charging the amount they do for onions / potatoes etc.
There is a good selection though, there is a huge amount of the aforementioned fresh (/stale) food and tinned goods.
They also have sarnies and canned drinks if you need to pop in for lunch.
It is open later than most corner shops as well which is an advantage if it is local and you need to pop out to pick something up.
If that something is booze though, then you are out of luck.
Kamco is like walking into a dry state, with no alcohol sold of any kind.
Kamco is not a terrible shop, it is useful to have around the corner as there is a huge selection of essentials.
The only problem is that everything is so overpriced that it sometimes doesn't seem worth it.

I suppose its well stocked and closer for me than Tesco but it just doesnt have that friendly neighbourhood shop vibe.
Twice in the last couple of weeks Ive been short changed and instead of a 'are you sure' or a 'lets see' the dude looked at me as if I just declared an interest in his wife.
Both times they were out by a pound or so.
we aint talking 2p here man!
They are on to me though.
Last week I was overcharged for a coke and so I said 'I paid less last week'.
He replied 'oh we undercharged you by mistake'...Good move that one...
Finally, dont try and haggle.
I haggled them for 20p off some Snapple but the only one who sanctions haggled goods is the Old Man.
The other staff were taken by surprise and looked a little scared as I tried the haggling.

