We had the Shrimp Burrito & the Carne Asada Chimichanga special.
The special came with rice, re-fried beans and a drink.
The food was really good, the chimichanga & the burrito were both large.
The rice and re-fried beans are very average so don't get your hopes up.
The decor is a combo of cafeteria and take out style, kinda like a "Baja Fresh" remix, but not many people go there for the ambiance.
However I will repeat , the main entrees were good.
A great value when compared to taco bell or dell taco, we had more than we could eat with drinks and spent less than $17.
:-)

Its the best robertos around

It never ceases to amaze me what people get used to.
Over the years I have clung to people, places and things without even thinking much about it.
When I was a child I had my favorite used needle.
My homeless friend, Sir Albert Bottomtop used to sit with me for hours on a park bench telling me fantastic stories.
He told me about the time he stabbed Peter O'toole in the leg after a drinking binge.
How he once walked in on Helen Mirren, a donkey and 20 ping pong balls.
How once he tackled Winston Churchill to the ground and pink bellied him until finally Chamberlin pulled him off and they all laughed.
I cried when he told me about mentioning in passing how hot Wallis Simpson was.
Great stories.
One day I rode my tricycle to our bench and saw him...he was a beautiful shade of blue.
He was clutching a needle.
I took it.
I had that needle until I was arrested in Finland for kicking Paavo Lipponen in between the legs and screaming "this is for cooperating with the Stasi.
" I smiled before those rotten fish eaters tackled me and my beloved needle fell smashing against the ground.
My tears flooded the modern, sleek and tiny toilet in my cell.
IKEA sucks.
After that was a blur of soda pop bottle tops, used underwear, a bra from Estelle Getty, the first place trophy from the Uganda "Rock, Sissors, Paper" championship, and a stuffed gerbil from an actor I can't legally name.
Suddenly today...I realized that I am still holding on to things that bring me comfort.
I realized after I woke up in an abandoned floral nursery and all I could smell was rotting tulips, goat feces (don't ask), and the smell of carne asada...and I felt the word roll off my lips...Roberto's.
Roberto's...I have mixed feelings about Roberto's...I have had some great meals and some horrible dishes depending on the location...so I am making this review LOCATION SPECIFIC!
If a duck just fell out of your ceiling with 100 dollar bill...LOCATION SPECIFIC...were the secret words of the day.
Congratulations.
I want to start with the best thing on the menu...the Carne Asada Chimmichanga.
The Chimmichanga is always good...but one tip...ask for it to be extra crispy.
The shell goes from Conan O'Brien with a slight tan color to Cindy Crawford on a bikini photo shoot color...golden brown but not over done.
Second, never get the steak.
I will always say this...Roberto's steak sucks.
Get the chicken...or...the best one...the carne asada.
Pork.
Crispy shell.
Did I say pork?
Well, read it again...even the word is perfect...think about how you can use it in a sentence.
"I ate great pork this weekend.
" OR "I gave Emma Stone the pork this weekend.
" Both are beautiful.
Both make me want to watch the video of that action with my pants down.
Tacos...are great.
The Burritos are good if you observe the meat rule, and the shrimp is surprisingly good.
The refried beans are good, and the rice sucks.
The super nachos (carne asada) are a hangover godsend.
The chule relleno are hit and miss.
The taco rolls WITH guacamole are amazing.
The red sauce is good, but not the best.
Roberto's is like having sex with a 400lb chick with no teeth...sometimes you get lucky and it is great.
Sometimes 30 seconds in you wish you were anywhere else.
Drunk is ALWAYS better.
You dream of Rex.
Rex dreams of someone else.
You dream of Rex more.

Omg!!
the best tacos in Vegas baby!
so much cheese and meat wow ..these tacos are a most have!

First off I am not a big fan of Mexican food, usually too greasy for my taste.
So I wanted something different and had heard good things about Roberto's, so I figured what the hell.
I ordered the carne asada burrito and it was pretty damn good.
It consisted of just beef, tomato, onion, guacamole, and cilantro.
Simple and delicious.
Next time I am feeling lazy and not wanting to cook, Roberto's will be one of those places I consider going for a quick meal.
And the price is very reasonable.

One of the things I've missed most about Las Vegas, Roberto's is the perfect cure for a night out on the town.
We visited this location right after we landed and I think it's new since we were last here.
Very bright and clean inside and, of course, the food was as delicious and greasy as always.
I'm partial to the chips and guacamole but, as I recall, everything hits the spot.

The food is okay.
The staff used to be really nice then they hired a ghetto cashier with gauges in her ears.
Unsanitary, if you ask me.
I took my food back after they gave me a chicken enchilada plate when I ordered a cheese enchilada plate.
I may have let it go if the enchiladas weren't so dry.
They barely had a few tablespoons of sauce.
After I asked for my order to be corrected, the cashier told the cook that I was a crazy b*tch in Spanish.
Umm, excuse me?
Did you forget I speak Spanish?
Especially since I ordered everything IN SPANISH?
geez.
Bring the old cashier back.
Then I'll give this place a good review.

Stupidly overpriced nachos for fast food, and when I asked if they came with lettuce, the answer was "No, but it can be added for $1 extra".
LETTUCE!
I already did not like Roberto's solely because their food is incredibly weak, but this pushed it over the top.

One of the better Robertos in town, nice clean location with pleasant staff.
Like with all Robertos you have to know what to order so you can get the best deal.
I recommend the carne asada burrito for about 5.00 and about 2 steaks worth of meat.

Bad cucumbers like most Roberto's.
But usually the asada fries are good at all the locations I've tried.
I paid $10 for a small portion of Arne asada fries that was presented like soup, drowned in runny guacamole and sour cream.
There were barely any fries.
And I kept having to spit out weird pieces of meat.
Also topped with way too much fake cheese.

Chips, cheese and guacamole.
At 3AM, it's all you really need.
Well, a diet coke wouldn't hurt either.

I always call in our orders and they have them warm and ready when I get there.
This location makes the Best Carne asada fries!
Love these guys!

Best burritos in the area!
And the pickled carrots and jalapeño are fantastic.
Clean, friendly locations.
I tried other locations but are not the same.

My boyfriend and I are Roberto's junkies, but this location has the worst customer service.
Totally uncalled for rudeness when we politely mentioned that they forgot to include an item in our order.
We still go to any other Roberto's, but never again to this one.

I just walked out of there with my dad.
We had the worst food!
The meat was spoiled and I felt the urger to vomit when I smelled my taco.
Not a place I would return to!

