There are a lot of sandwich shops on this one stretch of street in Edinburgh, and a lot of really good sandwich shops at that.
Beetle juice is frankly, not one of them.
Yes, the food is alright - there is a choice of sandwiches, panninis, bagels and other foods such as nachos and burgers later on in the evenings  - but its all just a bit non-descript.
It's alright.
Its fine.
The food is tasty, but not something reeeally enjoyable like some of the other sandwich bars in the area.
The shop itself is a small and simple affair, with a counter and a chiller cabinet and next to nothing else.
On the positive side though, the staff are friendly and quick, and its very rare you will get a queue here - plus the food is enjoyable if you give it a chance.

I might be a bit biased towards Beetlejuice, as it's named after one of my favourite films which is also the first one I can remember watching, but I really quite enjoyed it.
Bearing in mind I just had a latte and a slice of carrot cake, I wasn't really giving them much chance to mess my order up.
Sat by the window with a paper and a view out onto one of my favourite streets, I didn't really care.

It's hard to find too much to get excited about when it comes to Beetlejuice.
It's a sandwich shop, just like pretty much all the other places along this tiny cobbled street, and yet throughout all my time at uni I couldn probably count on one hand the number of times I've eaten here.
It's not that there's anything wrong with it, especially.
It's just a bit dull and boring.
There's hardly ever a queue here, so if Picnic Basket is too busy and there are no tables left in Susie's Wholefood Diner I'd go here if I needed lunch in a hurry.
But at the same time you have to ask why there's never a queue - especially when all the other places along the street have one.

Beetlejuice is great for a quick bite to eat and they have a great selection of sandwiches and paninis to choose from, it certainly beats getting a sandwich from Greggs any day and I love little independent cafes like this.
It's received a pretty average score on Yelp and I agree with other reviewers who have also noticed that there isn't usually a queue for Beetlejuice.
To be honest, I find this strange as it's a great little place, okay it may not be the largest in the area and it's not exactly mind blowing but as long as you're not expecting a Fanfare then I'm sure you will be pleasantly surprised by Beetlejuice and I think it's small size adds to the cosy atmosphere.
I popped in here a few weeks ago for a bagel and it was delicious, so no complaints from me, I guess I'm a fan, Beetlejuice - even though I really don't like the film of the same name!

What attracted me to this shop was the name: the movie Beetlejuice actually had given me nightmares as a kid (I had a vivid imagination).
However, this isn't a scary shop- it's just a sandwich bar with a funky exterior.
But other than the funky exterior it doesn't offer anything really that different than the other independent sandwich shops on this street: reasonable lunch deals and good sandwiches for a quick bite.

Can't really add anything else to the picture, it just is that plain.
The smoothies though are fantastic, worth waiting in epic morning line.
The combos are a little strange but feel free to ask for what you want in it.
Banana and Apple is a great wakeup tool.
Keep you head down and don't ask the suits about their life.
Good bacon rolls too.

This little cafe is just off the Edinburgh University area of George Square.
It's one of the many brightly coloured outlets on West Nicolson Street, and the whole vibe seems to be about relaxation!
When I went in to the store, the music was quite cheerful and there're some amusing tid bits on the walls!
One one side, lots of posters, post cards and even a hawain shirt are crammed together, giving the place a more personal feeling.
There's also a calendar behind the counter of some buff  guys professing the importance of surf boards over underwear!
They're really decently priced, and serve the most delicious rolls, as well as salads,smoothies and juices, all freshly made!
I had a Pink Panther smoothie when I was there ( I can't say the name wasn't a  deciding factor) which tasted reallll good.

Beetlejuice is a relatively new addition onto the sandwich scene in Edinburgh.
It was only fairly recently that I first came here for my lunch and I realised what I was missing.
Beetlejuice is situated just around the corner from the main University campus, George Square, so it is a convenient place for students to go to for their lunch.
Beetlejuice is relatively small inside, but they sell the most delicious home made lunches and they offer a wide selection of sandwiches fillings in the deli counter at the back of the shop, with a lot of non-meat options so it is a great place for vegetarians as they will have lots of choice.
They also serve a wide range of really delicious smoothies and freshly squeezed juices, as well as home made soups.
I ordered the carrot and coriander soup for my lunch which was tasted really fresh and full and flavour - yum!
The food is perhaps a wee bit more expensive than the other sandwich shops in the area, but the food is truly beautiful so it is worth it!

Przyciągnągnęła mnie do tego miejsca lecąca z głośników na zewnątrz Bjork oraz jego kolorowy-hawajski wygląd.
Postanowiłam więc sprawdzić, czy zachęcający początek będzie miał smakowity koniec.
Mają bogaty wybór kanapek, panini, smoothies, shake'ów i świeżo wyciskanych soków, plus można się tu również rozeznać w lokalnych wydarzeniach typu joga, pilates, itp.
Niestety bum  rozczarowanie.
Pani za ladą nie uśmiechnęła się ani razu, kompletny brak entuzjazmu i zaserwowała mi herbatę w brudnym kubku.
Kanapka była smaczna, ale bez szaleństwa.
Siedząc przy stoliku zauważyłam wiszącą na ścianie notkę, skierowaną do klientów o tym, że w porze lunchu muszą opuścić lokal jak tylko skończą posiłek.
Dodatkowo, aby móc zostać w barze, wymagane jest wydanie konkretnej sumy (jeśli się nie myę 4 funtów).
Raczej już tam nie wrócę

Oooooooh.
That was my reaction upon first entering Beetlejuice.
Ooooooh.
Granted, I was very hungry, so usually my first reaction when I smell food is "Ooh" but never quite with that many "ooos" involved.
See, this place deserves a little bit extra attention from passerby's as I feel it is often overlooked in favour of Red Box (really, I can't understand the fascination with that place).
The sandwiches are scrumptious and though the staff had that slightly hipsterish "why are you here and are those boots eco-friendly??
" feel about them, it didn't bother me as much as it does at, say Black Medicine.
If you're on the go and in need of a good sandwich, I'm sure Beetlejuice can supply you with one.
Go forth, young Yelpers, and munch away!

I love juice, and I love cute wee sandwich shops.
Yet it was the first time I went to Beetlejuice, despite working and living in the area for the past 2 years.
So, when waiting outside The Couting House for a Fringe show, and being hungry, I popped over for a bite to eat.
The first thing I noticed was how cheap it was!
£2.50 for a bagel.
£3.50 for a wrap.
They only take cash, so I counted it out and with £3.50 to spend I felt like a wee kid in a sweet shop again, when you literally count out your 10ps till you get to the right amount for your tasty treat.
I got the Mexican chicken wrap.
Now, it wasn't quite Mexican chicken as I expected.
Basically a wrap filled with fresh lettuce, tomato, 'spicy chicken' (that was sweet chilli spicy, not mexican spices.
A big difference in my condiments book), and then sour cream and jalapenos.
So not as Mexican as I would have liked (no paprika, no cajun spices, no GUACALMOLE!
) but what I did get was a lot of chicken and a really big filling wrap for £3.50.
The guy did forget to make my wrap and seemed to be really laid back and slow as he went generally.
So I had a wee bit of a wait.
But he apologised and was nice about it.
So, a lot of stars for the cheap price, and the fresh large portion.
But for the slow-ish service, and rather basic style of food that it is, it's not 4 or 5 stars for me.
I will come back here, for big tasty lunch stuffs when I'm hungry, and maybe even a juice?

