Finally a great alternative to the plethora of gelato shops... friendly cashiers will pass out or upon asking, provide itty bitty sample cups so you can self-serve samples.
You'll have to be pretty good about your hand eye coordination to get the samples into those cups, so I started putting in a tiny squeeze to fill the cup and top off w/ a second flavor, so I didn't have to ask for ... oh 12 cups or whatever to try all the flavors (no I didn't, but I eventually will).
:)  Since it's self serve and charge by the ounce (37cents/oz at this time), you get this HUGE generous cup... obviously a good psych ploy to fill 'er up.
Go ahead... it's gooooood... red velvet cake batter and pistachio topped with Heath bars...  taro flavor is coming soon and can't wait to try the mochi topping.
With my 3 variants (like 3 mini cones) + 1 scoop topping was under $3, I'm picking this over gelato in Chandler anytime.

Not impressed.
Although I'm not sure if it has anything to do with my first ever visit to a Yland and this one being brand new.
I'd heard that Yland is on par with Pinkberry, which is what got me obsessed with froyo in the first place.
As for the decor, I think it's almost unnecessary to comment on froyo joint decor anymore since they are all pretty much the same (when one is different, THEN I'll comment) but it was larger than most.
I tried the Fresh Strawberry, which was nothing special, and the Taro, which was intriguing.
I got half Taro and Original Tart, which made for an interesting mix, but I was very disappointed that there was no Fruity Pebbles (a must for all my froyo).
Mochi made up for it.
The fruit selection was also pretty slim - perhaps it's because they are still new, but they didn't have much to choose from.
I honestly can't remember which ones they DID have, but it certainly was only a small fraction of what they list on the site.
Perhaps I will go back in a few more months, or try a different Yogurtland.
This one needs improvement.

We've been coming back EVERY week since I first reviewed, totally love this place... but seriously what is up with the outdoor bug infestation?!
One of these days the roaches are just going to pick us and the patio tables up and carry us away...

I was not impressed.
Mainly because the fruit toppings were lack luster.
What can I say?
I'm a topping snob.
The amount of variety doesn't make up for the mediocrity of texture and flavor.
Boo.

The yogurt is average but it is convenient and so I have returned multiple times.
However, this place has some of the worst customer service I have ever seen.
I have witnessed employees leisurely sitting with their friends at a table while customers wait to check out, I have had to yell to the back of the store to let the employees know I was there and was ready to check out because they were too busy talking on the phone in the stock room, and I have had to watch my yogurt melt because the employees are so slow the line gets backed up and I have to wait several minutes to pay.
I found another yogurt place in the neighborhood.
It is a little farther away but I would rather drive a few extra minutes then give this place my business.

I love ice cream yes I do, I love ice cream how bout you?
This is delicious, cheap frozen yogurt.
It is right by my work and we send someone over every Tuesday for frozen yogurt day.
I occasionally get it when my yummy boyfriend surprises me with a treat.
BUT.......   You do all the work yourself.
Which is great because you are very quick and efficient and in a hurry to enjoy your melting treat.
WHY, tell me WHY is there a tip jar for the pimply faced, crabby teenagers who work behind the counter and move like sloths?
Why would I be encouraged to tip anyone other than myself for all the hard work I did?

i quite like this location better than the tempe one.
there seems to be a lot more space and obviously a lot less asu students.
its a bit more calm.
same variety of flavors and toppings.
i heard there is supposed to be a green tea flavor but i have yet to see it at either location...hopefully its not just a rumor.
i'll be back.

I am a Yogurtland addict.
Sometimes I have it as a meal.
I've tried Pinkberry, Yogurtberry, Mojo, etc but nothing compares!
Yogurtland has a wide selection of flavors...including some exotic Asian flavors such as Lychee and Taro (my fav).
There's also a new flavor that comes out every few weeks.
The add ons are pretty standard, but they have a more syrups than other yogurt shops.
The fruits are fresh.

I don't like their flavor selection.
I just don't Compared with other froyo places nearby, this one is my least favorite flavor-wise.

I'm gay for their Vanilla wafer cookies and cream and cheesecake bites.
OMG

I've been wanting to try Yogurtland for so long now, and after a trip to the chandler mall one night we decided to.
omg i cannot even tell you how amazed i was at this place!!
we sampled a ton of choices before making our own.
The strawberry cheesecake is one of my faves and they have really good toppings!
huge blackberries, strawberries, kiwi and lots of chocolate and candy!
but my fave, two words  FRUITY PEBBLES!!!
i am a fruity pebble freak and was in my own lil world eating this with the cute pink spoon :)   i cannot wait to come back!
if you haven't been here GO!!!!
!!!!
NOW!!!

I love that it's all a self serve line.
You pick your yogurt and can mix flavors and then add any other toppings you want!
Fabulous!

I love froyo, but I wasn't ver impressed with the flavor selection.
I did however like the devils food cupcake batter!
I also must say that I was not impressed with the "gummy bears" it seemed like a cheap knock-off version of gummy bears and the ones available tasted funny...

What is the point of having a promotional "Fan Pass" from 4/15 to 4/19 and running out of passes before the end of the first day?
I stopped in on the evening of the 15th, and they were completely out with no plans on getting more.
The person at the check out counter was not very friendly, and made us feel like we were dumb for asking even though the store is covered in posters marketing the "Fan Pass" promotion they are running this week starting today.
They are celebrating their 5th anniversary, but at this rate and with this kind of service I don't think they will make it to their 10th.
The yogurt was good and they had a good selection of flavors and toppings, but the service was totally lacking.
On a side note:  Their website says, "At Yogurtland you rule the portions, the choices and the scene", but the cups are huge!
The smallest cup size is 16 oz, large enough to feed a family of four!
Gluttony is at an all time high, and 16 oz of froyo is more than any one person should eat in one sitting!
Yeah, I guess you don't have to fill it, but have you seen what a 16 oz cup looks like with just 2-4oz?
At 27 to 39 calories or 6 - 8.6 carbs per ounce, this could be a pretty high calorie treat if you just fill the smallest cup to the top without a fancy swirl on top!
That would be 400-625 calories for the smallest cup filled to the top, not counting extra toppings!!

the worst of the self serve fro-yo places I've been to.
Over half of the yogurt machines were empty.
the topping selection was tiny compared to other places.
There was not a clean table to be found.
The girl behind the counter looked bored out of her mind.
We won't be returning here.

So many options... it's almost to hard for me to decide.
I'm used to Pinkberry... but this is right down from where I live.
It's pretty good.
I do wish they had smaller cups to fill.
I feel so wasteful using a huge cup for a little fro yo.
It's not up to pinkberry's standards but it's still a refreshing place to get a cool snack.

When I first walked in, it took me a couple minutes to learn the format of how you should serve yourself.
Immediately you face the biggest challenge of which flavor of yogurt to chose.
There is  flavor for everyone, from the indulgent to the more health-conscious.
If you want, you can also mix several of the flavors if you cannot choose.
One of the most important aspects is that not only can you chose how little or how much yogurt you fill in your cup, but you can chose as many toppings as you want.
You pay by the weight here at Yogurtland, not the amount of toppings like other yogurt or ice cream shops.
Consequently, paying by the weight makes you unsure of your final price until you pay at the register.
The important thing is that regardless of your budget, you can still enjoy something here, but understand you must sacrifice the amount if you want to pay the lowest price.
I have always been greeted warmly by the cashier who have kept everything well stocked from the toppings to the yogurt mix.
Call me dorky, but I even liked the large plastic pink spoons that you receive.
This place also has a free water dispenser if your cup tastes a little too rich.
Anytime I've been here, it has been busy with people and families of all ages.
Therefore, it can be extremely difficult to find a seat if you want to get comfortable and enjoy your cup.

By far my favorite froyo place to go.
However, last time I was there they didn't have granola in the toppings, and sucks.
A lot.

Very tween hangout by the mall, but the yogurt is good with a decent topping selection

3 stars for the place, 2 stars for the food.
Been to a few different fro-yo places in the Valley, and this one seemed kind of similar in look: very clean and bright inside with light green color and tasting cups.
Main downside: the selection of flavors was unexciting.
Most places have at least a few that I really like.
Here, none really stood out.
I got the Red Velvet Cake at last (and not very much of it, at that).
The spoons have a little character with a animal figure on top, they have free water in a dispenser with cups, and they actually have restrooms, which other places don't have.
This place isn't near me, but I wouldn't go back even if it were.
Not recommended.

I really like this place.
I wouldn't say it is the best frozen yogurt.
They do have a decent variety of flavors and toppings.
All of the yogurt has great flavor.
I would really like to see the flavors change more frequently.
About 3 or 4 flavors change by the season.
It can get a bit boring.

You really can't screw up froyo (for the most part).. this place is decent.
The parts I enjoyed were: A nice array of flavors - pistachio, mint, cheesecake, pom, taro, coconut, tart, peanut butter, red velvet, tangerine..
I think there were a few more I missed.
THAT IS A LOT of options, really, so that is a plus.
The price point was comparable to other Chandler joints.
Their toppings, I thought, were OK (kind of a negative).. the standard sugar-coated garbage (sorry, but that is what Cap'nCrunch is) and a smaller selection of fruits and nuts and coconut (yay!
) .. way less than the sugar-coated garbage (a negative for me).
The frustrating part about this place are the sample cups (another negative).
It seems this businesses is STINGY with these little cups.
When I go to places like Kokomo, they are right there in your face - hell, you can grab like 10 of 'em to do some thorough tasting.
Here, they kept them almost hidden by the cash register (which was crowded by customers weighing their pails of froyo.. so that means I couldn't find them for about 5min) and when I did finally spot them, they had them in 2-count sets... as if to say "you can sample 2" and not all 12 or however many they carry.
Whatever...
I got my 9 sample cups =) and tasted almost all of them and loved the cheesecake, the coconut, and the pistachio...  see?
because I sampled more, I tried more and thus I spent more - "win" situation for them, right?

it's alright, prefer Mojo yougurt.

Monday night ritual!
Of all the self serve yogurt shops, Yogurtland has the best variety of flavors, and the best cookie dough ever!

What can I say about Yogurtland?
I'm in love!!
They have so many great selections, even though I'm pretty boring and I either get some kind of chocolate/coffee/reeses cup blend or vanilla and m&ms.
Very reasonably priced, a good snack costs me less than $2!
I also love how they'll let you know which ones are low calorie, etc.

Many different varieties of frozen yogurt & toppings!

yummy yum yum!
So many flavors and they add new ones every week!
Puts other places to shame that have 5 or so artificial flavors.
Yogurtland taste fresh and healthy!
The location is nice, lots of restaurant choices in walking distance or after a movie at Chandler Fashion Mall.
*the only complaint I have is the tip jar.
I don't see why we should be pressured to tip, when we served ourselves... all the employee does is collect our money.

I honestly don't know how this place could get one bad review.
After discovering Yogurtland on a recent trip to LA, I was so excited to see there was one in Chandler.
It's officially my fav froyo place.
They have so many unique flavors that can't be found anywhere else, and I can always count on taro being there!
There are a lot of flavors in the rotation, so everybody is bound to find something they like (although I challenge you to find one you DON'T like).
Even better- it's a little cheaper than a few others around!
Now all they need is a rewards program...

yey!
I think they got rid of their tip jar :) The last two times I went, it was nowhere to be seen :)

This location was horrible!!!!!!
First I called to ask if they had a certain flavor which they did not.
They told me I could download their mobile app so I could see which stores offered the favors I wanted.
I tried to download the app but the link was broken.
I decide to still head over there and give it a try....
The parking sucked, they didn't have chocolate yogurt and hey didn't accept any bills larger than a $20.
What really irked me was that they didn't have one of the staples of every yogurt shop in America!!!!!!

I have been to close to 10 self-serve yogurt places in the valley and I am very critical.
The reason I give this 5 stars is because:  A.
Most creative and best tasting flavors by far (I have tried a bunch of places) B.
Cheapest prices  C. Free Water  What else do you need?

Quite possibly one of the cleanest and nicest stores in the Chandler area.
Very good service.
They always greet me every time I enter the establishment.
Flavor selection is spot on too.
The topping bar is tidy and fruit selection was plentiful.
With just about every fresh fruit you could imagine, the price was also reasonable.
The best part about this location is that the customer service is second to none (I was greeted the moment I walked in) and very indicative of it being in the Chandler Fashion Center area.
Chandler city needs good places like this around here.
I will be frequenting this spot often.

This place offers dreams and rainbows in a self-serve cup.
Each flavor so enticing, so glorious, that it's difficult to choose.
My suggestion is to try the coconut.
Its flavor transcends space and time.
Anyone who didn't love this place, wasn't loved or hugged as a child and I can only pray for your soul.

This place rocks the yogurts man!!
you can get any kind of topping as well, I suggested bacon!

Vanilla/Dutch Chocolate Froyo Mix + Reese's Peanut Butter Cups + Chocolate Syrup + Whipped Cream + Cherries.
The End.

My experience at Yogurtland is the same every time!
The location is very clean, the staff is friendly and welcoming, and there is a wide range of options of frozen yogurt.
They offer sample cups (as many as you need) and the flavors taste like the real thing.
I ALWAYS get peanut butter and coconut.
Yummie!

:( frowny face because the tip jar is back!
Taking my money is not worthy of a tip, sorry.

Yogurtland has good flavors usually.
The location is clean and the staff is friendly.
I definitely recommend signing up for the Yogurtland card/application.
After multiple visits you can earn points to receive free ice cream.

I've been here twice in the past week and I love it.
The pumpkin pie yogurt is delicious and goes perfect with Oreos and Captain Crunch!

The yogurt is runny.
They close at midnight and we got there just before 11pm.
They had already started cleaning for the evening and I felt they were annoyed that we were there.
There were no spoons or tongs in the toppings and every time I wanted a different topping I had to ask the employee for a new spoon.
I felt I was bothering him.
It was not a pleasant experience.

Love this place.
So good.
Red velvet cake and peanut butter are my favorite.
You can taste the difference in the quality of their ingredients.

This Yogurtland  store is so much better than the store in Mesa at Dana Park.
The yogurt is creamy and the store is clean.
The store in Mesa has icey yogurt and the colors are strange.

