Since discovering the Jazz in the Park series http://www.yelp.com/biz/jazz-in-the-park-series-las-vegas#hrid:xNFoJzDeBZAzzbbs_6vmMA/src:self, we've been frequenting the Clark County Amphitheater every year for these lovely outdoor musical events.
Located conveniently across from the Premium Outlets, there are plenty of parking spaces available with an easy walk to the amphitheater itself.
The amphitheater is set up with grassy levels which makes bringing blankets and low back chairs ideal.
There are plenty of concrete walkways to push a stroller (or wheelchair) or to drag an ice cooler as well.
There are even real bathrooms available (and not portable ones) for these concert events, although there can be a line as there are only a handful of stalls.
During such events, there are usually a few vendors selling their wares, so you won't starve.
Plenty of garbage cans are available to limit littering and all the events we've attended request that no smoking take place on the lawn.
I really enjoy coming out this way for these local events - it's never too crowded where you can't find a spot on the grass and many people make a picnic out of it.
(We always do!
)  My only concern is that there were some unpleasant bugs running around during one of the last events we were at.
In the dim light, I saw this particular bug run across our cheese container and that just put me off and ultimately sent the cheese to the rubbish.
Technically, you don't see these bugs running around rampant, but I'm sure they do exist and come out when the sun starts to drop and there are bits of food everywhere.
Overall, the Clark County Amphitheater is really clean and a great place to have these (often free) family-friendly events.
I'm sure it'll get busier every year.

Wow....I can't belive it took me this long to go and check this place out.
It was off the chain.
The first time we just went to check it out.
You take your own chairs/blanket/Pillows/ Drinks....yesssssssssss  Drinks, food and relax it's awsome...But it's over ; v (  so next yr I will be there every Saturday.
They have vendors.
Food drins, clothing, and some other things as well.
But it's amazing.
The warm up bands are high school students so just....ummm yea wait for the real thing to hit the stage, it's well worth it.

This may be the best ever venue to have an outdoor beer tasting event and October 20th was a perfect day-not too hot and certainly not cold.
Had a lot of fun, hope something else is hosted here.

Being new to the Valley I am continuing to see the beautiful places that Vegas has to offer.
Attending the Vegas Loves Brazil event I had the pleasure to see the beautiful Amphitheater.
The facility was incredible and I look forward to seeing whatever events they put on here.
The joy of outdoor open air events while sitting on the grass is my favorite type of events.

been  in the Park for other things a love it there Keep me up to date and when thing slowdown i like to get involve From Jim Denice

I've been to a couple events here and this place is perfect for holding big events.
All you have to do is brink a chair, or blanket, snacks, and drinks(if permitted) and you're set for a good evening.
During the day you can find a nice spot under the shade and as the day goes on, more shade becomes available.
Anywhere you set up here is a great spot to see what's happening on stage.
My family and I went to a festival here and when it was over, we went over the outlet mall, which is across the street.
In the same area is the Smith Center which is beautiful after dark, also in the day.
There are many things to do in the area and you could plan a decent day/evening;  relaxing on the lawn in the amphitheater is one of them.

Went to Jazz In the Park here this weekend and it was alright, but it was packed.
Far more than any of the previous Jazz In the Park shows I've been to in years past...
I guess this isn't the ampitheater's fault, but it definitely played into the experience.
While this is typically a great place for bring your own picnic lawn shows and performances (typically a 4 star rating, I'd say), this particular one was too packed to really enjoy yourself that much.
One thing this place is great for are the beer/wine tastings they have a couple times a year.
The free parking and permanent bathrooms go a long way, so it's a 4 star without such a crowd, but only 3 stars if it's a show you anticipate to be way crowded....

This venue is great for people who enjoy outdoor lawn type seating for an event.
I've attended a food festival, Reggae in the Desert, and most recently the Jazz in the Park Series.
The coliseum-style seating is great too because everyone has a good view of the stage practically from any where you are seated, the grass is soft, and when the sun goes down, its pretty well lit.
A bunch of us got together and did a potluck on the lawn while listening to the legendary Jazz artist Earl Klugh.
This FREE event also allows you to bring low back lawn chairs, blankets, and even picnic items and alcohol at no additional charge...who else does that???
For all you Reggae music fans, Reggae in the Desert is just around the corner, but be warned that you may feel a little Irie at the end of the evening from concert goers who'll bring Mary Jane to the party and be passin' that dutchie......ALOHA!!

it was a good night and Marlena Shaw was funny and good meet a lot of good people and new  groups be there next week

Every county should offer community events that are class and free.
Way to kick it up a notch Clark county.
This is my third time coming to jazz in the park and each time is a unique and healthy experience.
Vegas has the best evening weather for an outdoor event too.

Jazz in the Park: with David Benoit It was a good night at Jazz and the park I have a lot of David Benoit CDs Played on my patio and in my car It was so good to see him live and the other two other guys behind the great The band before was also very good They were high school students but they played real good Very entertaining Jazz in the park was very good all of the shows they had I miss two to see all the rest I would definitely go back can enjoy the amp the theater And the location and the sounds good everywhere you sat  it was good  music sound and over all a good time Will come back

