Forget the second hand charity bookshops you may know, this charity bookshop has set a new standard.
It not only has a good variety and selection of books but also (for once) has a very good stacking and arrangement system making it easy to browse around.
The prices are at a minimum and the quality of the books is good.
I also really the wooden floors and layout which give it a very warm atmosphere.
The people who work there are always super chatty and lovely and don't mind at all for your browsing as long as you like.
Their stock is constantly renewed too.
For those who don't know Barnardos is a charity focused completely on children of any background and supports them to succeed their full potential and dreams as well as campaigning for children's rights.
So good books and a good cause what more do you want ?

You get a range of types of book shops throughout Edinburgh ranging from the expensive but well stocked all the way to the cheap but in short supply.
This book shops pretty much sits in the middle of the spectrum - you have a good range and reasonable, if not cheap, prices.
It's particular highlight is its cookery books and its classic.
An aged classic hardback will set you back £2, not overly cheap, but reading a hardback aged book is an absolute delight and makes you feel much smarter than if you were just reading some ordinary paperback.
Even better though are the cook books - some of the best around and generally great value.
In addition to all the the education books are well worth checking out as you may find something of value here for what are reasonable prices.
A friendly bookshop well worth a visit.

Barnardos Books is more than just a charity shop - it's also a high quality second hand book stockist.
On the same par as Oxfam books, this book shop is stacked high with stock of all varieties.
You could find anything in here, from unearthing an old Disney kids book from the 70s or discovering some unusual fiction that's affordable enough to explore.
Well ordered, cheap and with books in great condition, this is a thoroughly reputable book seller as well as representing a great charity.

A good little bookshop.
Usually populated with what I like to call "Dead Books".
When your Uncle Rodger pops the bucket, his life long book collection ends up here.
The longer they lived, the better selection of books they aquire.
Although i'm glad the person who bought all the Romantic Fiction kicked the bucket...

Barnardo's Books is a great charity bookshop in Newington which offers friendly service and an excellent range of second hand reading material.
A lot of the books are pretty bad, for example I saw a book by Uri Geller called 'Ella' which looked truly awful!
Most of them, however, are just good reads who people are done with.
The books are mainly sold for about £1.50 and you can find really interesting stuff in amongst them.
They sell encyclopedias, childrens' books and even reference books.
They're mainly in good condition with only a few dog-eared or tatty ones.
Barnardo's Books is a great place to look for value for money books.

