Koko's is the result of Ntive State closing and a huge refurbishment effort on what was left by the once alright bar and restaurant.
I visited Koko's simply because of one of the university societies I am involved with used Native State as its home-base bar.
We had missed the place when it was closed and were really rather excited about getting back to it to see how it had turned out, now that it was Koko's.
In all honesty, i was impressed - i like the decor here, its funky and open, with space invaders and other ever so slightly geeky stuff painted on the walls.
There are squishy seats, tables and high bar stool things that look silly, but are on the comfortable side.
The bar was staffed by very friendly, if a bit slow, people and there was a huge selection of spirits to choose from, including some very expensive and posh ones that really didnt need to be there, but looked impressive all the same.
The drinks were cheap, but more expensive than some other places in the area and a browse at the food menu's seemed to show pretty cheap food too - but as we didnt eat, I have no idea what the food tastes like.
The atmosphere was good, and most of all I had a good time.
This place seems to be a winner, and over all, if better than Native State.

Koko is replacing Native State - a student-based bar/restaurant that held a special place in my heart, so I was hesitant to go into Koko.
It wasn't that bad...the layout was much the same and they have redecorated the walls (but to be honest they didn't need the random splashes of colour) .
The menu was good - both times I've been I had the chicken tikka sticks (it's a starter but big enough for a main) and they were yummy.
Overall, it was ok.
I still preferred Native State, Koko lacked atmosphere and wasn't the same...but it was ok...ish

I came here yesterday for a satisfying lunch.
I had a beef burger added with BBQ sauce and it came with a ton of chips at a reasonable price (20% student discount woohoo!).
Sure the chips were from a bag and the bun was a bit dry but I was craving for a burger and this hit the spot perfectly- yum!
There's loads of space, a pool table and you can even play on their wii.
There's a huge selection of drinks at the bar.
The large TV screens can be a bit distracting, but I had fun with friends commenting on the music video.
My friends had a falafel burger and salmon fish cakes and both were quite pleasing.
Plus the peppermint-almond latte was a treat.
There were only two downsides that I can think of about this place: Their cappuccino was not a cappuccino- more like watery coffee with a tiny bit of frothy stuff on top.
We couldn't figure out if this place was a pub (go to the bar, order, pay, then get your orders) or a table service place.
It was rather confusing and we ended up ordering our drinks at our table, ordering food at the bar, and paying after we ate.
Other than this small glitch perfectly satisfying food and place, at least for lunch.

Koko is deifinitely aiming to attract the local student population through their reasonably priced drinks and food as well as the funky decor.
I came here to pre-drink with some friends about a month ago and we all enjoyed a good few drinks in their relaxed atmosphere.
They have things like spaceships and stuff painted all over the walls which are in keeping with the fun ambiance.
Most pints cost less than £3 so it's a great place to come for a quiet, or even not so quiet, drink with some friends.
The staff are friendly, but no the most responsive and there always seems to be a queue for the bar no matter how busy it is.
Nonetheless, Koko is a great place to go for lunch or a relaxed drink in the evening.

Koko is a great studenty place to hang out.
Situated just across the road from George Square and the main University campus, it is in an ideal spot for students to go to for their lunch or for a drink in the evening.
Koko, previously called Native State , is really spacious with lots of couches as well as tables and chairs available.
Koko offers a wide selection of food on its menus such as soups, sandwiches, nachos and burgers.
I frequently come here for lunch and always order their cheese burger and fries which never fails to be delicious.
The prices are really good here too, as most main lunch meals are under five pounds, and they offer a 20% student discount so you can't really go wrong with Koko.
This place also has a full bar and their drinks are well priced too, with a large glass of house wine costing four pounds.
They have an overhead projector which shows sporting matches and they are currently showing all the World Cup football matches, which creates a lively and exciting atmosphere inside.
Koko is always a safe option for lunch or dinner as the food is tasty, the prices are right and the staff are friendly and helpful and I will definitely be going here to watch the World Cup final, purely for the electric atmosphere which it creates.

A student-friendly take on the whole style bar thing that would have looked and felt quite modern and interesting about 8 years ago, but now just feels lazy.
Just like the slovenly, disinterested staff, whom oddly enough I actually warmed to due to their sheer indifference.
Having worked behind bars myself, and felt exactly like them doing it, a trip to Koko invariably ends up feeling like a trip down memory lane.

Now known as Room at 34, this is one of my favourite places in Edinburgh.
£5 nets you a burger and fries or a pizza, where the variety of burgers is alarmingly good.
For an extra whole pound.. you can also get a drink.
Was delighted to be sitting chomping on a good portion of food and a rum and coke in a genuinely nice place in Edinburgh for £6.
Excellent choice of cocktails at a great price as well.
And wait to you see the different containers they serve them in!
Add in really nice staff and a super chilled out vibe and you have a winner in my book.

Koko is an acceptable place to get an okay burger or a drink.
But it really isn't anything special.

