Marks and Spencer Simply Food in Waverley Station is pretty much the only place to get food before you board a train: Boots is always far too busy, WH Smith is expensive and for some reason I don't trust the Pasty Shop or Upper Crust.
There is a decent range of sandwiches and salads in here and the staff do a good job of keeping the shelves well stocked, I quite often pop in on my way home from work/uni to take advantage of the reduced items (I usually manage to pick up some sushi for about £1, bargain).
As there are about eight till points, even if there is a queue, you get served quickly - which is of paramount importance if you've got a train to catch.
I don't get my travel scran from anywhere else now.

It's Marks and Sparks.
It's as vital a part of British culture as fish and chips, red phoneboxes and a bigoted hatred of economically active immigrants, so I'm going to give it 5 stars.
Sometimes however, I think they just go a little too far.
Take for example, yesterdays lunch.
5 mini thai wraps with spicy chicken and lemongrass.
Ii was in the fridges next to the sushi, and curiosity got the better of me.
It wasn't so much a shit lunch, as a pointless one.
But for every clanger, there's ten works of genius.
The ham and mustard sarnie, the steaks, the outstanding desserts.
It has it's ups and downs, but has always been the top dog of the British High Street.
And you don't have to worry about bumping into poor people.
They don't come here.

Marks and Spencer know very well how to do food.
My boyfriend and I love coming here and finding deals, which are actually deals (i.e discounts on yummy products).
Keep your eyes peeled for the dine for 2 for 10 pounds - a personal favourite where you get to choose a starter, main, dessert and bottle of wine for a tenner.
Also, what is neat is that you don't have to really know how to cook to enjoy a lot of M&S food: it's geared to the general British public who either don't have the time or simply don't know how to cook things like ham or make exotic dinner nib-bits.
Marks and Spencer boast excellent food quality.
This particular store being the biggest in the centre often makes it very busy and because it's in the basement , it can often feel a bit cramped and oppressive.
Their food also comes with a bit of a price - hence my joy when I find a discount!
To sum up: a great British department store with a good selection of groceries that are famous for their quality.

Well, you cant say that it doesnt deliver what it promises.
It's Marks & Spencer Simply Food.
It simply sells food, from Marks and Spencer.
Simple.
Actually, its a bit cleverer than that - this particular shop is in the middle of Waverly train station, and it genuinly offers an alternative to the fast food and burgers that litter the station.
It's not cheap, and a sandwich is after all just a sandwich - but if you are looking to stock up on your way home, its actually a great place to grab some food.

Yelp has prompted me to write this review as I left a useful quick tip, apparently, on the App.
Yey go me!
I have to admit M & S wasn't top of my review list, and I hadn't even remembered it to review it.
But that's a bit of a shame given that I go here every time I'm in Waverley Train Station, without fail.
Whether it's picking up breakfast and lunch for a train journey down to London, or getting off the train after a short or long journey and needing a quick dinner, you can nip in here to get great microwave or oven meals that are qood quality.
I love their Simply Fuller Longer range.
It does exactly what it says on the tin.
Meals can be around 350 - 450 calories and fill you up all night, a perfect healthy dinner!
I sometimes even go out of my way to come to the station just to nip into this M&S to get lunch or dinner.
M&S is second to my mum's cooking as comfort food.
This M&S is small but perfectly formed.
It's got all the essentials, lots of deli meats and a few ingredients (raw meats, vegetables) for you to make your own dinner too.
M&S isn the pricier of the supermarkets, and for things like veg and meat it's probably too high for what you're getting, but their microwave meals really are delicious - a whole level above other supermarket dinners, and I'd say worth the price.

One of the few choices that you have at the Waverley Train Station  for food before you board the train your destination.
There are always plenty of sandwiches and salad bowls but later on at night a lot of the shelves are empty with not many staff to fill them.
The store is rather on the small side and makes it feel cramped.

A fine little M&S tucked away from the bustle of commuters that's a perfect place to grab lunch in the morning, especially when Upper Crust is only serving breakfast baguettes.

Really handy for snacks & drinks for train journeys or even to pick up groceries on the way home.
Friendly staff, good quality & variety of produce & fast moving queues make it a better choice than some of the other options in the station.
Has a great wee selection of flowers if you need a wee last minute gift.

Always good for a quick fresh bite

Love M&S food!
Noms nom!
This M&S is high convienient!
Nice little selection of fresh fruits , sandwiches and salads, along with alcohol and crisps and sweeites...whats not to like?!
Its a great way of grabbing some need groceries before getting the train home.
The queues tend to go down quickly too as they always have at least 3 people serving.
The only bad point is you have to walk past Burger King to get to it !

