It's difficult to miss these great big blue no100 busses throughout Edinburgh, but boy am I glad to see them.
This is the best way to get to Edinburgh Airport, right from the city centre.
You are guaranteed to get there within 30minutes, normally less.
The journey is a very comfortable one - even in traffic the bus flies along in the bus lane.
It is really cheap too - £3 for a single or £5 for a return.
The busses leave regularly from both the airport and Princes St - I've never been to either where I've not seen a bus waiting for some passengers.
Forget the £40 taxi, get the bus and you'll save money and probably get there quicker.

Due to Edinburgh's lack of rail link between the centre and the airport, the next best thing is the bus.
And it probably does a better job than the train could ever do!
It's cheap and quick, so in my eyes the only way to get to the airport.
The bus departs every 10 minutes from the airport or Waverley Bridge.
You can guarantee that their will be at least one bus waiting so it is perfect.
It stops at a variety of stops between Waverley and the airport so if your hotel is at Haymarket or Murrayfield then this service is still a great option.
The actual buses are very swish, nice and spacious with leather seats.
Much better than your average bus.
Shockingly enough, the bus company has managed to hire friendly, helpful drivers which is a novelty compared to normal Edinburgh bus drivers.
Every time I see this bus heading off to the airport I get a pang of jealousy because it's not me on it!

Arriving at Edinburgh airport you are faced with two choices of public transport.
Either cab which is about 20 pounds to the centre, or the much more affordable Shuttle Bus (3.50 single, 6 pounds return) .
There are lots of signs guiding you to it and you can buy tickets from the driver.
It's a fast entry into the city (about 30 minutes) and the last stop is at Waverley bridge just in front of the main trainstation and right in the heart between Old and New Town.
It leaves at about every 10-15 minutes and if you aren't sure where to get off tell the driver where you are trying to go, they are quite friendly (although their strong Scottish can be a good introduction to the country).
The first bus of the day leaves the city centre at 4.20 am whilst the last bus leaves the aiport at 12.20 am.
At night you can take the N22 which departs from Princes Street at Waverley Steps.
There's lots of space on the lower floor to leave your suitcases as well and sitting on top gives you great views of leaving/arriving into the City.
Keep your eyes peeled for the grand school for the deaf on your way out!
For your return to the airport, the bus leaves from the same place(Waverley Bridge) and stops at  a few places along the way.
Best check their website for a reliable timetable and bus route and stops.
Be aware that at busy road hours (8.30ish and 4.30 ish ) it can be stuck in traffic but the longest it has ever taken me is 45 minutes).

I have spent way too much time on these little Airport shuttle buses but I'm really glad they're available as I don't fancy paying £20+ to get a taxi from the airport into the city centre.
As previous reviewers have mentioned it's only £3 for a single and £5 for a return - just make sure you don't lose your ticket.
The buses run 24 hours so whatever time your flight is you can hop on one of the trusty shuttle buses to take you to or from the airport.
There are various stops on the bus route including Edinburgh Haymarket and Waverly train stations and I like the fact that the driver take on a sort of tour guide role pointing out different tourist sites along the way and greeting people who get on and off the bus along it's journey.
The last time I was on it the driver gave a cracker of a joke as we passed Edinburgh Zoo... it was that good I've completely forgotten what it was so maybe he shouldn't give up the day job just yet.
This is a great service, the staff are always friendly which makes a change as most bus drivers seem to be the angriest people in the world.
There's ample space on the buses giving you lots of leg room after being cooped up on a plane for a few hours, there's also lots of space for luggage too so you won't need to worry about being crushed by someone's suitcase bulging at the seams.

Ridiculously convenient, always on time, comfortable and at a price that only exposes taxi drivers for the worthless thieves that they are, the airport buslink is one of the few saving graces of Edinburgh's somewhat Third World-esque public transport system.
Only negatives are that after about 11pm, they stop for four hours, which is a bit annoying if you're doing the Ryanair 6am flight, and I did once get a driver who sounded and smelt like he'd had a few before leaving the house.
Minor quibbles though.

I am a big fan of Lothian Buses in Edinburgh.
They have consistently been voted the best bus company in the UK, and it shows.
Their routes cover the city, and one of their best is the Airlink bus.
Covering the distance between Waverley train station and the airport in 30 minutes, it provides a reasonably priced and convenient service.
Prices are £3.50 for a single, and £6 for an open return for adults.
Each time I have used this service, I have not been disappointed.
There is always a bus ready to go at Waverley Bridge, and the same is true at the airport.
Sometimes they can be busy, but there is ample space to carry both luggage and passengers.
Lothian Buses recently spent £3 million replacing the entire fleet of fourteen buses that do this route.
The new buses have plush leather seating, CCTV throughout, low emission engines and free Wi-Fi.
It is clear to see how much they care about the passengers that use this service.
If you want to save money on a taxi, get the Airlink bus.
It's one of the fastest and most reliable ways to get from the airport to the city.
A certain choice for me each time.

It's a shame more cities don't have a similar airport shuttle service!
The double-decker coaches are clean and really comfortable, with big soft leather seats and tables to sit at, and the driver was really helpful when it came to announcing the next stop so that you knew where to get off for which hotel.
It runs until around minight, as late as there are flights coming in or out of the airport, and it's really fast (it takes 25-30 mins depending on traffic).
But the best thing is how regularly it goes - going in either direction I didn't have to wait more than a few minutes for the next departure.
There's nothing worse than getting off a long flight and having to faff around trying to work out how you're going to get into the city centre without forking out for a ridiculously expensive cab, so Airlink is an absolute lifesaver.
And at only £6 for an open return, which you can just buy when you get on at Waverley Bridge, it's also a complete bargain.

This is a brilliant service that runs regularly from Edinburgh airport, all the way up to Edinburgh Waverley and has saved me a fair few pounds as it has avoided me using a taxi service to get to and from the airport.
When I first came to Edinburgh a good few years ago, I was contemplating getting a taxi to the hotel I was staying at, but I'm glad I didn't, I spoke to the bus driver and he was so helpful in telling me exactly how to get to my hotel.
The bus driver also shouts out to the bus to let them know exactly where we are when the bus stops.
The seating on the bus is far superior than the buses that you get on the usual Lothian buses and First buses with comfortable leather seats and tables as well.
When you get on the bus, there is also a food amount of storage room for luggage and bags.
This is by far the best and cheapest method to get from the airport to the city centre and vice versa.

Let's talk about a five star service.
Let's talk about an affordable way to get to and from the airport.
Let's talk about comfy leather seats.
Let's talk about a bus service that seemingly runs more often then scheduled.
Let's talk about free wifi.
Let's talk about the unmissable eye catching blue.
Let's talk about those weird purple mood lights.
Let's talk about being told where you are so you can easily find your stop.
Let's talk about making this service free to existing ridacard subscribers.
Let's talk about the ungodly hours the drivers service the airport.
Let's talk about being able to use the bus in the city for the price of a regular ticket.
Let's talk about having an airport link that Edinburgh can be proud of when the rest of our transport seems a bit cocked up.
Bravo Airlink.

I'm a great morning person, but even I have my limits.
It's 5am and I've been up for half an hour.
I've just about managed to throw myself in the shower (and rhyme, how marvellous), and I'm looking presumably terrible in my Run DMC sweater and cargo shorts with inexplicable bed hair and no make-up.
My morning orange juice followed by black coffee is a long way off, and my suitcase handle still won't retract for love nor money.
Seriously, I've offered it both.
Many times.
Thank heaven then for the best bus ever.
To take us from Haymarket to Edinburgh Airport, this wonderfully convenient and comfortable ride arrived right on time, righ-righ-right on time.
Okay, so my brain was still asleep and I couldn't count my money, but the driver was patient and sweet to my confused zombified self.
Shuffled as I did on board, I was alarmed to sink into one of the plushest transport seats I'd ever had the good fortune to park my cheeks on, and I very nearly fell asleep for the duration (companion's shoulder optional).
But we were there before we knew it.
Anyway even if you do fall asleep, you're regularly reminded where you're at.
So you've no excuse.
I was ridiculously impressed.
Manchester, you might want to catch up a bit.
Just a thought.

This was lovely service.
This was the easiest trip from the airport to an actual city center that I have ever taken.
It was fairly cheap and a pretty direct route and wasn't in the slightest bit confusing.
The airlink drops you off right on the bridge that seems to link New Edinburgh Old Edinburgh.
Just a great connection.
It's reliable and convenient and the driver was friendly and helpful and I was quite pleased!

Efficient and quick service from airport to city centre.
Biggest known secret to locals - you get to city center for £3 in 20 mins or less.
Runs every 10 mins.
It dropped me off at the city centre next to the Caledonian and the Sheraton Grand hotel, but it can stop at the Waverly station.
Also, it also goes to the Zoo from the city centre in about 8 minutes.
Excellent, timely service.
Friendly, efficient, convenient.
All for £3 each way.
Yes way!
Thank you Airlink.

A very efficient double-decker bus that runs loop from the airport through the city.
It's moderately expensive for a bus, I thought, but the plentiful space for bags inside and the limited stops it made are advantages over a city bus.

Apart from what it does, when you have a ridacard you do not pay any extra to take this to the airport.
It is also a very comfortable and quick service to the zoo.
I like!
Thanks

Centre to airport...
Buses every 10-15... Will the tram replace?

I went on the airlink bus this morning at 5:35.
It took almost exactly 30minutes as advertised.
It had wifi as advertised.
The seats, while comfortable for an average man, were a touch confining for me, however as it is a bus, this was expected.
I read a metro.
It was shit.
All in all this bus is ronseal.
It was almost exactly as advertised.
It was £6 return.

This is a great airport bus service that is extremely convenient.
For just £3.50 for a single or £6 for a round-trip, it does what it advertises and gets you safely to the airport and back.
Considering the regular buses in town are cheaper but take double or triple the time, the Airlink is well worth it and is super easy and reliable, leaving every quarter hour or even more frequently in peak times.
They have a map telling you where you are at all times for the newbies to town, and they even have free wifi on board for your thirty-minute journey.

Fast (traffic incident depending, obviously), handy (runs along the main thoroughfare of Edinburgh, along Princes Street and then down Corstorphine Road) and inexpensive.
Don't really know where else I can go with this review, and the fact is I have 11 more to scribe today (I will have you Yelp Challenge) so the fact my thoughts on the Airlink are short and sweet is kind of a good thing...  Don't really know why I've held back on the 5th star.
Maybe I wanted to be entertained on my way home from the airport, as I returned from my holiday feeling depressed and freezing cold, so the addition of some young, up and coming comedians, a fluffy owl, a game of bus bingo or just copious amounts of booze might have helped.

The Airlink service is pretty awesome.
There's a timetable but you don't really need it as there are buses pretty much every 15 minutes going from outside Waverley Train Station to the Airport.
Even in morning traffic, you''ll get there in around 30 - 45 minutes.
The drivers are really friendly.
The bus is really clean, with plenty of luggage space.
The bus there was almost empty, the bus back was full, so a little cramped.
But at £6 return, when a single taxi journey to the airport will cost £20 (so £40 return) you're saving £34.
You can't really complain.
This again, leads to the question of 'why' in relation to the Trams.
The Airlink service is brilliant, spot on, and I havent found another as good as it in other cities I've visited.
Bravo Airlink.

This is by far one of the easiest airport-downtown links I've seen.
Mostly because the Edinburgh airport is rather simple and the big blue bus is hard to miss!
The trip takes about 30-45 minutes and drops you off on Waverly Bridge, just outside the central train station.
This is more or less central to most of the hotels in the downtown area.
There are plenty of taxis at the station if you need a ride for the last few blocks.
Get a round trip ticket and save some money.
Cost is L6 for round trip, 3.5 one way.

As far as buses come, you can't really ask for much more.
Runs every 15 min I think so pretty regular.
Takes 30 min waverly station to airport.
Drivers seem friendlier than most.
Most noticeable difference from other buses is the massive amount of legroom and fancy leather seats.
All in all a good deal for £6 return I reckon.

Los buses de Airlink son la mejor opción para ir desde el aeropuerto de Edinburgh  a la ciudad en sólo 30 minutos (parada final en Waverley Station).
El horario es muy amplio, con una frecuencia de cada 15 minutos (en horas punto incluso más veces).
Los vendedores de los billetes así como los conductores son increíblemente amables (sí, amables a pesar de ser escoceses!
)  y eficientes.
Los billetes valen 3,50 £ (sólo ida) y 6 £ (ida y vuelta) - un precio muy bueno comparado con los airport shuttles de otras ciudades europeas.
Los que quieren evitar colar también pueden comprar los billetes por la página web.
Los vehículos están muy limpios, hay muchos espacio para dejar el equipaje e incluso hay conexión Wifi para los que nunca quieren desconectar.
Un servicio rápido, fiable y económico - ¿qué más se puede pedir?

