Thistle St is full of lovely little shops that I would like to buy things from, but inevitably can't afford to.
Covet is one of these shops and you can tell from the exterior that it sells nicely designed, expensive things.
This is fundamentally a boutique handbag store and the owners have done well to source limited numbers of well-made and beautiful bags from various lesser known European designers.
In addition to the lovely bags, there is a small collection of jewelry, this is not cheap either, but is certainly more within my price range than a £450 vessel for my purse.
Although the stock is expensive, the designs are classic in style and would no doubt last for a long time.
Still, it's probably a place that should only be visited when you've been given a pay rise.

Peering through the window of Covet I expected everything to be way out of my budget and that window shopping was my best bet.
I spotted a gorgeous hairband with peacock feathers and was amazed that it was only £26, what an absolute steal!
They also had gorgeous clutch bags for only £35.
Of course, many of the items are rather pricey with various handbags around the £400 mark but it's good to see that there are some affordable accessories too.
I have to be honest, I'm not really a handbag girl, shoes are more my thing but I absolutely adore the accessories here and am tempted to pop back for the hairband I saw.
It's a gorgeous shop, very glamorous and if you're looking for something for a special occasion then head along to Thistle Street and see what tickles your fancy.

Oh.
My.
God.
Covet by name, Covet by nature.
I almost walked straight past this little shop on Thistle Street until I smelled the top quality leather of the handbags.
I back-pedalled, and spent a good 10 minutes practically drooling over the gorgeous handbags and other accessories on display.
I'm not going to lie, there's no way I'll be buying anything from here any time soon.
Mainly because there's not an overdraft big enough to make that possible.
But one day, when I'm no longer a tax-dodging student and have hopfully managed to get myself a career, this will be my first treat to myself.
And possibly the second, third and fourth...

It would be so easy to not notice this store and walk straight past it, as it is on a little side street.
Situated in Thistle Street, Covet is right in the centre of the New Town area of Edinburgh and it is just around the corner from the main shopping street, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.
Covet is a luxury bag shop, selling a range of designer bags such as April First, Luana, Angel Jackson and Love Sparkle.
I love to come in here and admire all the beautiful bags which I can't afford - handbags cost in the range of £300, and clutch bags cost about £100.
There is a lovely smell of leather when you walk in the store, which makes me want to buy the bags even more.
Covet also sell a gorgeous range of wallets, belts and jewellery which are just as grand and beautiful as their bag collection.
Their jewellery selection includes pearl earrings and jewel necklaces which are all absolutely beautiful, and best of well, reasonable prices at about £40 - amazing!
Covet is a great place to buy a gift for someone or to treat yourself to a lovely handbag.
I can't wait until I am able to afford their beautiful bags.

If you ever want to look at accessories (mostly purses) that no one else would have.
Go here.
Even though the bags cost a fair deal, doesn't mean that you can't own other little accessories.
They have headbands, bracelets, earrings, etc that are all so pretty!
My favourite part is their colourful range of change purses.
They always spread them out in a way where it looks like a rainbow of delight!
I suggest just walking in to see one of Edinburghs great independent accessory shops!

