I'm not a big pedicure gal but it was my friend's birthday so I was willing to go along with her as she wanted one.
We went in on a Saturday afternoon and the place was hopping!
Good thing we had made an appointment.
We both chose the $30 pedicure package.
The woman who worked on my feet did an amazing job scrubbing and rubbing my tootsies and calves.
It felt great and the scrubs and lotions didn't smell awful like they do at some places.
I chose a nice pink color for my polish and for $5 extra I got a flower design on my big toes - complete with one little crystal on each.
Very cute.
It's been a couple weeks now and my polish has not chipped at all.
The crystals have even stayed on and I've worn tennis shoes to go running several times.
This place may just get me hooked on pedicures after all.

I was looking for a new nail salon the other day, and based on the reviews I thought that I would give this place a try.
I do have to give them some credit because it was a Saturday afternoon and they were very busy, but I can't say that I was all that impressed by this establishment.
The salon was clean, and so were the tools, however, if you are not a regular client don't expect them to pay much attention to you.
I only received a pedicure because a wanted to try the place out before I made a commitment to this salon.
They did a nice job, however, I don't think that I will be going back.
Its a shame that they ignore all of their new customers, because I was really looking forward to make this my go to spot for my custom acrylic nails.
I guess the search for a new nail salon continues!

After being a loyal customer for over 2 years I have had 1 too many bad expieriences.
Before I left on vacation I went in to get a pedicure I told Jerry (one of the owners) that I wanted glitter acrylic put on my toes since I would be gone for a few weeks and didn't want the polish to come off or chip.
Well he told me he had an idea and mixed the UV gel stuff with some glitter and continued to paint my toes 5 or 6 times with it & put it under the UV light.
When I left it looked good so i paid the $50.
The next morning boarded my plane and looked at my toes and saw that some were cracked (looked like a broken glass window) Well it continued to chip away on my whole trip.
Frustrating.
When I returned home I went in to see if they could do something, I did spend $50 and it lasted all of 24 hours they said they would paint them and it was over an hour wait.
A refund would of been nice since I am known by name and a long time customer but no such thing.
Well I gave them one more try a few weeks later and the younger girl was cutting my cuticles during a pedi and made my toe bleed.
I  said ouch.
She then finished and put my feet back in the water, when done with massage etc she sprayed my toes with alcohol.
SERIOUSLY!
I said owwww again, I was utterly disappointed.
Never the less under a week later my toes looked TERRIBLE I don't know if they changed something, they used to be so great.
Not any more, I have since started to go to elite nails.
I have had nothing but great service, my pedicure is on its 3rd week no chips at all :)

I have been a long time customer and if I ever move out of the neighborhood I will still drive back to go to this salon!
Everyone is courteous and caring.
it can be EXTREMELY busy on Saturdays so I suggest if you are going for the first time to either make an appointment or go during the week.
All the techs are amazing :)

Yelp should really update their mobile app so us yelpers can write a review on the go cuz this review would have been written last thursday... Anywho....
Went here for the second time last week and was fairly happy with the experience.
I needed a bunch of stuff done (pink & white removal, gel mani, pedi) and they were very nice and understanding.
The only reason they are getting 4 stars is that they took forever but all is forgiven after seeing the turn out of my nails and toes!
Just moved here and glad I finally found a nail salon worth coming back to!
(the other ones i visited when i first got to arizona, is about to get a review next!
hmph)

Came here just because of the reviews!
The girl who did my pedicure said she had only been working here for a few days so I was nervous but in the end very pleased!
I needed some serious relaxation so I went for the delicious pedicure ($45 for an hour of heaven!
) which included sugar scrub, a mask, and cooling gel.
Definitely worth the extra few dollars.
Polish look great and I am leaving very happy.
Definitely recommend!

(Wife using husbands Yelp) I have been a loyal customer for about four years and find them to be very accommodating.
I have recommended them to several people because of the great service and wonderful product they produce.
I love this place.
Robyn Z.

Loved it!
They are super nice and patient!
Not only do they do an amazing job but they are also super quick!
Definitely always going there from now on

I've been coming here for a few years now and it's the only place I'll get my nails done.
Everyone here is friendly and they do amazing work.
The salon is clean and newly remodeled.
I love it!
They can get super busy so call ahead and make an appointment.

I really enjoy this nail shop.
Its very clean, the nail techs are really friendly and make it a point to actually talk to you and be friendly.
They do a great quality Job and I am always getting compliments on my nails.
They have a big staff so most of the time if I walk in, someone is able to take me within 10 mins.
I appreciated that my nail tech yesterday actually used a brand new nail file and buffer on me.
Nowadays that is hard to find....

