I have boarded my dog there only twice.
The place is clean enough, but the staff is extremely unfriendly.
They seem to charge extra if your dog is on a special diet, they won't measure out your dog's food because they have too many dogs to keep track of.
I understand efficiency, but I also think it's unreasonable to make your customers measure out food, label the feeding instructions in separate zip lock bags.
If you have too many dogs then perhaps you should hire more staff.
Their hours of operation offer only a small window when you can pick up you dog on the weekends.
Not impressed at all with this place.

I have often passed 4 Paws Resort and finally decided to give them a try.
It was an excellent experience.
The staff was very friendly and easy to work with on setting up my account.
I toured the facility prior to booking and found it to be very clean, and efficient.
Also very accomodating for my 2 high energy border collies.
The kennels have an indoor/outdoor feature where the pups can go out to potty but are inside the rest of the time.
Given they stayed over the 118 degree days; I was very happy they were inside with AC.
The Resort also has someone onsite 24 hours, which was very reassuring.
I purchased extra play time 2 times per day for both dogs.
They had one group play and one private.
The group play involved throwing balls, playing with the hose and running through a play pool.
They absolutely loved it.
I also had them groomed on the pick up day (a special they were running); so the pups came home clean and happy.
They were a bit exhausted from all the activity.
There was only 2 very minor glitches and that was my paper work from my Vet had to be faxed twice, and my request for 2 play times was mis-intepreted to be only one day (versus all 5).
Fortunately I was good about following up and caught both these things upfront.
I will definately use this bording service again!

We've used 4 Paws 2 years in a row, the first year was great although there were some faxing issues.
This year we were charged for an extra day which 4 paws refused to refund even though we picked up a full 48 hours early and gave plenty of notice.
We trusted that a credit for the extra days would be added to our account.
When we dropped our dog of we were charged for too many days and were told that we could be refunded or credited if we didn't stay that long.
We called the afternoon we got home telling them we would pick her up in the morning.
We were told that would be fine.
A few weeks after our last stay we had a death in the family and needed kennel services, when we called to make arrangements, 4 paws refused to honor our  credits stating we did not give 24 hours notice before picking up our dog.
They also said there were no notes that there should be a credit on the account.
The staff member that my wife talked to insisted she was powerless to make a decision we would have to wait a week while the owner of 4 paws was on vacation.
We have yet to hear back from anyone regarding this issue.
We found a place to board our dog and won't recommend 4 paws to any of our friends, when we needed them, 4 paws refused to honor a 2 day credit basically holding us hostage when we needed them most.

RIP OFF!!!!
I tried making online reservations for my dog and was given an unavailable message, so I took her someplace else.
well, after coming back from vacation, I find a $42 charge from 4 paws pet resort!
they did call while I was gone and left a voice mail, trying to get my vet records, then called the next day and hung up.
I called them today and the staff passed me around a few times, then said, well our system doesn't have an unavailable message, so NO...we are not going to refund your charge.
GOTO PETSMART PetHotel instead!!!

We have been taking our pups to Four Paws for a while now and we love it.
Our dogs are always excited to go and the staff are very kind and welcoming.
We will continue to bring our dogs here while we are away.
We love that they give us a "report card" of how our pets did while we were away and just recently started including photos.
It is nice to have piece of mind that our pets are safe and happy when we can't be there.
I also have to commend them for their patience with our crazy great dane, he is not the easiest dog.

I've been bringing my GSD here since he was a pup...
They always take good care of him and we recently added a cat to our family who now goes there too.
The staff is very friendly and caring and we never worry about our kids.
Our family is very important to us which makes us all the more sure we made the right choice selecting 4 paws!

I thought this place would be good after looking at the website.
My dog weighs 74 pounds and they charged me for a dog over 90 lbs.
They also charged me an extra $10 for a flea and tick prevention I didn't ask for and to top it off its a $5 fee to pay by CC online that isnt mentioned anywhere on the site

I am VERY particular about where my 2 dogs go for boarding and grooming.
We moved out here about a year ago and have only boarded them 1 other place here and were less than pleased.
After much searching and research I went by 4 Paws for an unscheduled tour.
I was very impressed with the girl doing the tour (sorry I can't remember her name).
She knew every dog there by name and just loved and doted on them.
I boarded them during an overnight staycation for us and they were great.
They do charge $10 for the flea/tick prevention which is CLEARLY stated on the website and is standard practice for most non-chain boarding facilities.
They do allow you to bring your own topical preventative and not pay $10 for theirs it just must be applied in their presence.
I am perfectly fine with this as I do NOT want to bring fleas and/or ticks home with me!!
Our dogs were skunked a few weeks later and they were very accommodating for getting them in as dogs have to be basically shaved in this instance.
The normal groomer (previous review) wasn't available as they book in advance.
They did great with a special shampoo and tried to make the cut as cute as possible while still accomplishing the de-skunking purpose.
Prices are comparable.
I'd rather pay a comparable price and know my fur-babies are in good hands than the cheapest around and worry.
We are boarding them for a week while we're on vaca and it will be a relaxing time for us not having to worry about the care they are receiving.
The ONLY reason I didn't give 5 stars is because while boarding we like our dogs in day care to socialize them with people and animals but the day care option is kinda pricey for only 2- 30 minute sessions.
Otherwise...perfect!

Our dogs love it here.
The staff is always friendly and welcoming.
Knows our dogs even if its been a little while.
We take two of them for grooming and they come back clean, pretty, and happy every time.
Our Am Staff we have boarded here and she does great.
It's hard to find a pet resort that is truly bully breed friendly and doesn't make you pay a ridiculous price just because of the breed.

NO STARS- Don't use these people or their services.
I've been a loyal customer for up to two years for grooming.
I took my dog in for grooming this past Saturday and he came home with his right ear length one inch longer than the left, however more importantly had a cut under his right eye.
I called them immediately and the girl that answered didn't want to handle my complaint and kept trying to get me to speak with the groomer.
I said no have the owner call me.
As of Monday, I had not heard back from anyone, so I called again and Lindsey the GM said the owner was out of town and she would "deal" with me.
At no time did she apologize, she demanded I drive back there so she could see my dog.
I explained that I would send her a picture that day (Monday) of his cut and then she could call me.
The picture clearly showed the cut under his eye.
Lindsey called me back Wednesday afternoon and said she needed to see him because it was not obvious to her (WTF she must be blind).
I had been using antibiotic ointment for 5 days, so today the cut was less obvious and I was not going to drag him over there and cause him any stress because she's an idiot.
This company takes no responsibility and they could care less about how the animals or people customers.
I didn't care about a refund but I expected an apology and that was clearly not going to happen.

I would give this place 0 stars if I could.
RUDE RUDE RUDE staff that does not give a hoot about customer service.
Completely unhappy with the groom and their nonchalant, couldn't-be-bothered attitude spoke volumes!
While visiting a friend recently with my pooches, she recommended this place because she boards her babies here.
Perhaps their pet hotel is better, but the "manager" that runs the front desk couldn't be bothered by my concerns of patchy marks, uneven ears and long nails.
It wasn't cheap either, but I am used to high prices in So.
Cal.
I know my pooches aren't regulars, but you could at least look like you care about customer service - after all, customers are how you stay in business.
Oh and if you want to talk to the owner, since the manager is awful, they/he/she are prob on vacation.
I read in previous posts that I am not the only one to find that out.

