This branch of Sports Direct is a little grim and depressing, it's situated in the depths of the St James Centre so there is no natural light, which doesn't really help matters.
Stock in here is piled high and sold cheap, very cheap.
The place looks like a mess because of the amount of things they've packed in and the staff do not look happy to be at work.
I seem to be painting a pretty negative picture, but it's not all bad.
I get all my sports stuff in here (admittedly that is limited to trainers for the gym and some joggers and t-shirts for running in) at a fraction of the cost I would pay in one of the other sports shops.
My boyfriend even got some brilliant snowboarding trousers here during the winter.
They don't accept returns unless items are faulty, so try everything on before you buy.

Sports Direct is a little dingy and cheap.
Selling various sport clothes and shoes at a cut price.
If you can make it past all the Neds and their football gear, they occasionally have Converse trainers at a very cheap price (under a tenner), so worth a look.
Also good for buying gym gear on the cheap, just get in and out quick.

Wow this place is bad.
Its pretty much where every chav gets their entire wardrobe from - they even stock swimwear and school shoes!
Which is annoying, because if you're genuinely looking for some trainers or clothes for the gym, but don't want to spend a lot, you end up coming here and having to fight your way through the absolutely shambles that is this shop.
But it's not just the fact that it's messy, badly laid out and claustrophobic.
I can safely say I've never met such uninterested, unhelpful and just plain rude staff in my whole life.
I've had my fair share of crappy part-time jobs which I've hated but needed for the money, and I've never treated customers like the staff here do.
Avoi it, if you can.
If you really need to go in here, I'd do so as quickly as you possibly can.

Sports Direct seems to be a budget sports shop and the all the trimmings of any 'budget' shop are to be found here.
Clothing racks placed in an inconveniently close proximity result in most of the customers inadvertently scraping every football shirt and pair of shorts onto the floor.
Shoe boxes accumulate in just about every available space alongside a mishmash of laces and football boots strewn all over the place.
These 'trimmings' make the place look like a wreck but there's no denying a deal or two is to be had here and there.
I picked up a heavily discounted pair of football boots and the occasional training top from here and have been satisfied, just don't stay in there too long.

A fairly chaotic retail space if ever there was one, Sports Direct stocks all sort of junk from stylish Kappa trainers, to Rangers strips from around 2001.
As easy as it is to be a bit snooty about Sports Direct, it does actually sell proper sports gear, often at knockdown prices.
So if you're after swimwear, football boots or running shoes, yet aren't necessarily too fussed about the credibility of your wardrobe, then the shop is a pretty safe bet.
You might even pick up a nice pair of sleek Lonsdales.
You'll be beating the talent off with a shitty stick.

I'm not a sporty guy at all.
As such, I very rarely come into places like this, but I recently was forced into coming here becuae of a desperate need for some cheap trainers.
What I found what a depressing and disgusting shop crammed full of overpriced crap and organised so poorly I'm sure even the staff struggled to find thier way around.
Oh yeah, the staff were also rude, unhelpful and clearly dispised me becuase i wasnt wearing tracksuit bottoms and a raggy football shirt.
Avoid at all costs, unless you absolutly have to.

There are many different types of sports shops to be found in Edinburgh; some offering personal service tailored to your needs and others offing well known brands at knockdown prices.
Sports Direct is most certainly the latter, and of all the sports shops it is possibly the best value for money.
Some would say that the service offered leaves a lot to be desired; indeed you are unlikely to find staff willing to patiently stand by as you try to decide which of the many items on offer is the one just right for you.
However, the till is always well-manned and asking to try on a pair of shoes in your size should not be a problem.
Beyond that the service is minimal, but that is precisely the point - good service costs money and that means higher prices.
As you walk in it may be the case that you feel claustrophobic with all the narrow isles and packed shop floor - indeed it is invariably the case that you will have to let a fellow shopper move out the way to allow you to proceed further into the store, unless of course you have taken the more gentlemanly stance and made way for them to pass by.
Once you have made this journey and successfully navigated your way into the store things will, however, start to improve in your favour.
The packed stands that constricted your passage on the way in are full of a vast variety of choice ensuring that what you came to find is likely to be found.
Following a quick walk around the store to familiarise yourself, you shall quickly find that  not only are the general items reasonably priced, but there are also sale items which offer some fabulous deals.
Whether its a world cup ball for £8 or a pair of football boots or trainers for just over £10 that takes your fancy there is always a chance of a good deal.
The range of severely cut priced items is not always expansive and do not expect much choice of brands in your shoe size, but deals that cannot be matched elsewhere can be had for those who are not too fussy.
It can be crowded, busy and not particularly relaxing, but if you are after good deals on sportswear rather than a bit of retail therapy after a busy day then this might be what you are looking for.
It might take the bare bones approach, but if you're a sportsman you are probably used to that, and even if your not you'll be compensated with the prices you pay.

Jees...this place has it all!!!
Literally anything in the world that you need (sports related, of course) you'll get it here.
When I first came in I was taken aback by the price of everything, it all seemed quite expensive, but when I got upstairs I saw a lot of the same things for a quarter of the price.
Nicely played, Sports Direct.
The staff are really friendly and happy to help..ok maybe not as cheerful as I would have liked but hey, everyone has a bad day

Unfortunately, I'm not as sporty as I used to be but if I was Sports Direct is a good shout.
They have an abundance of sports items, most of which at a bargain price.
So, if you're looking for football strips, shorts, trainers, swimsuits or any other sporty item then pop i for a look.
I find it bizarre that this place has a few very low star ratings purely because it sells "chav" sports ware.
Believe it or not, you don't need to be a "chav" to be wear a pair of discounted Adidas trainers.
Does what it says on the tin, and yes it is a little bit chaotic but I like a good browse.
On my visit I didn't have any problems with the staff but I don't really expect the red carpet to be rolled out when I'm popping in for a veruca sock.

Sports Direct is a decent shop, most of the clothes here are clothes which are associated with chavs or neds, but that does not necessarily mean that they are bad clothes, just as hoodies being sold in other shop doesn't mean it is tailored for roughians.
The shop does have a pretty good range of stock and the ridiculously cheap footballs and basketballs here are always a treat.
My other love of the shop is the fact that they have a great range of some random football shirts, I'm sure no-one goes in there looking for a Spartak Moscow shirt, or a Bolivian national team shirt, but they have them in stock nonetheless.
Sports Direct also have a good range of equipment for sports such as squash, tennis, rugby and golf.
They also have a good amount of trainers as well and I purcahsed my trusty running shoes from here and they were a lot cheaper than they were in other sports shops.
Basically it's a great little shop to bear in mind when you are looking for any type of sporting item.

Always close out sales...
Equipped with basic sports needs... Great offseason deals!

I can't find something to complain on this shop at St. James.
The main reasons are:  Very large shop  Huge variety (sometimes too much that you cannot decide) Always found my size Pretty cheap prices (but it also stock branded expensive items) There are always items with discount Number of assistants is good enough to be served Shoe selection enormous  The only wee of minus is that it is a bit crammed downstairs, but I am not taking away a star for that.
If you are on a budgetd and want fairly good quality, I recommend Sporst Direct

