Wir waren jetzt schon zweimal da.
Beim ersten Mal hatte ich es aus Not gebucht, weil wir für den letzten Tag in der Nähe des Flughafens kein Hotel oder Bed&Breakfast finden konnten, beim letzten Mal war es eher Nostalgie.
Die Zimmer sind sauber und nicht zu klein.
Im Doppelzimmer gibt es idR ein Bad mit Badewanne, einen Fernseher und sogar einen Wasserkocher, damit liegt der Ausstattungsstandard sogar leicht über anderen Hostels, allerdings ist das Mobiliar das eines Hostels - da sollte man nicht zuviel erwarten.
Das Hostel ist von der Innenstadt Edinburghs etwas abgelegen, daher gibt es kaum Probleme ein Zimmer zu bekommen.
Das Globetrotter bietet aber einen Shuttleservice zwischen Edinburgh City und dem Hostel an, was günstiger als Bus oder Taxi ist.
Leider gibt es vom Hostel aus keinen Shuttleservice oder direkte Buslinie zum Flughafen, der ganz in der Nähe ist, heißt das Hostel liegt quasi in der Einflugschneise und das hört man auch.
Zum Flughafen bietet sich ein Taxi an - kostet ca.
15 Pfund - aber zumeist ist man nicht der einzige Reisende zum Flughafen, so dass man sich ein Taxi teilen kann.
Für die Lage muss ich leider zwei Punkte abziehen, da in der Gegend wirklich nichts los ist und eine Anbindung zum Flughafen nicht vorhanden ist.
Das erkennt man leider im Vorfeld überhaupt nicht.

I first experienced Globetrotters on a school trip - we were looking for something cheap, cheerful and clean!
Globetrotters definitely delivered!
It makes a change from your standard hotsel as the building is really beautiful, it's a typical of the Georgian-style you can see in Edinburgh's New Town and the interior is really modern!
Yeah you can definitely tell it's a hostel, it reminds me a bit of an insane asylum, but it's nice enough.
It's really bright and colourful.
I was in a room with 6 beds, bunk beds, and it was pleasant enough.
Each bed had a little curtain to separate it from everyone else.
It was quite difficult to climb up to the top-bunk, however.
The bathrooms were huge - reminded me of my primary school days, but again nice and clean.
As the Inn is about 20 mins outside Edinburgh there was a free bus that took us into town whenever we wanted, and picked us up whenever we called.
There were a few hen parties on the same floor as us, and it was brilliant for that.
Overall, it's quite pleasant!
There was a big kitchen so we could make our own food and a nice area to eat it in.
A-Ok!

So I found this place a couple of years ago with a few friends wanting to find a fantastic, yet cheap place to stay.
This place is definitely it!
The drinks were cheap, the service to and from the city centre was more than adequate, and it's only a short walk from everything you'd need.
Recommended for students and backpackers.

This is your typical hostel.
You can get single/double rooms, or stay in the super cheap 6 person rooms.
This place is pretty sound proof and had no problems sleeping.
There is a bar downstairs with super nice bartenders there to answer any questions til midnight at least normally.
They also have a shuttle service that will drop off and pick you up at any nearby stations and sometimes the tourist destinations if they're not busy and in a good mood.
Which is helpful as its out on the edge of town.
We had not one issue here and had a great time!
We met a lot of new friends too.
There was lots of room to socialize if you wanted to, and room to be by yourself if that was your preference.

