The Dome is made up of three different restaurants, and they're all so different I thought the Garden Café definitely deserved its own review.
Slotted in on Rose Street, at the back of the huge and imposing columned Dome buiding, this gorgeous little city-centre oasis is the perfect place to rest your shopping-weary feet and have a tasty lunch.
It's only open from april to early september, and although it's tucked down a narrow street this place is a great little suntrap.
You can get wraps, salads, soups, burgers, that sort of thing here - not a full á la carte lunch, but the portions are fairly generous so you'll only need one course.
The service was ok, but our waiter didn't even bother to bring us our change back.
We had been planning to leave it as a tip for him, but we thought it was a bit cheeky of him just to assume, especially when service is already included in the prices.
For a salad and a soft drink you'll spend just over £10 a head, which makes it slightly pricier than a lot of other lunchtime cafés nearby, but this setting is just so gorgeous I'd happily pay the difference.

The Dome is just a wonderful place to go to in Edinburgh.
It really is special, and  is something tourists have to see.
The dome Garden Cafe always looks wonderful too.
It is in a great location, on Rose Street but down a few steps so it's in its own little world.
It's always busy too, despite being al fresco.
I totally agree with Fiona, it really is an oasis!
Because it is down some steps it is in its own little cul-de-sac, avoiding the wind yet trapping the sun.
If it rains they have a lovely cover too.
It's a great place!
The food is really good, if a little pricey.
They offer lovely lunchtime sandwiches or salads, and have a bigger menu if you fancy.
Their chicken salad is my favourite.

Simple -- the food was okay, the location was okay, but the service was some of the worst we experienced over the course of 12 days here.
We were essentially forgotten.
If you want to sit back and relax all afternoon, this might be okay.
Though it's noisy since they pack so many tables in there.
If you want a quick meal, look elsewhere.

Jessica got it in one, this place isn't for a relaxing afternoon.
If only people didn't exist.
And on that point, it's like waiters don't exist in this place.
We waited 20 minutes to get served.
It was a Saturday afternoon but they could at least got the drinks orders in.
When the food finally came (45 minutes) it was great.
Worth the wait, not sure.

Best Pizza I've so far eaten in Edinburgh.
It is at least 5 times better than La Favorita's or Origano's pizzas.
The funny thing is, they don't even market themselves on the awesomeness of their pizzas.
Recommended: Gorgonzola mushroom balsamic pizza.

