After moving to Vegas, I was told I needed to get my windows tinted ASAP.
I got a recommendation from a mobile detailing guy, who sent me out to Capital Mobile Detailing and John.
John was fantastic - accommodating my late arrival and making sure I got a great product at great price on my BMW 335.
Additionally, he agreed to research some of the other services I was looking to get done on my car with the guys he knows and get back to me.
The tinters he has on staff are amazing, professional and friendly.
It's easy to see how John has stayed in business for 6 years when most of the other tint shops last less than 2.
He runs a service business with an eye towards SERVICE, and treats all his customers with respect - which is more than I can say for most other aftermarket car guys.
I can fairly say that if there's anything I need done to my car that John and his team can do, I'll be taking it there - and if it's not, I'll be taking his recommendation as to where else to take it.
Trust me, if you have a nice car - this is the guy you want to take it to.

As part of the restoration, I needed to get my crew cab truck tinted.
On my way to another tinter in the neighborhood, I saw Capital's mobile sign and called.
They were very professional on the phone and after I went to the competitors' show room I stopped by and saw John at Capital.
Capital was very reasonable price wise and answered all my questions and was very professional.
The windshield tint for UV blocking was amazing.
As soon as I sat down I could feel the difference, even with the truck facing due west in the afternoon, the burn I felt from the sun just seconds earlier was gone the minute i got behind the windshield.
I plan to bring my motorcycle helmet face shield in and have that tinted as well.
I highly recomend these guys the price is good, and the job they did is great.

Definitely been to more professional tint places.
Ask them for the wait time they said 1.5 hrs.
Ended up taking 3 hours.
Walked a mile in the heat to get a drink because they had no change for the machine.
Tint job wasn't perfect definitely a few bubbles on the rear window.

RUDE!
RUDE!
RUDE!
If you expect to be told the truth or not to be given excuses or professional courteous staff, STAY AWAY FROM CAPITAL TINT!
I made an appointment for 10am and based on their false advertising, expected my vehicle to done in 1 1/2 hours.
It wasn't.
No big deal except when I made the appointment I was told they were "wide open".
So I was a little upset when I received a call at noon telling they got busy and were just now getting to my vehicle.
I shopped around a little more for another couple hours, the phone rings and I thought for sure they were calling to tell me it was done, nope!
At 1:30 they called to tell me they had not even startred on it, told me the owner was out of town and they were shorthanded because another staff member had to go to the "races".
Why I was not informed of this when I dropped my car off is a mystery.
After the second call I decided to just go get my vehicle as I thougt they were playing games.
I walk in and there sits a young man at the reception desk feet propped up so he can lean back and watch tv and eating from a styrofoam carton full of food.
Another young man was sitting on the couch.
I asked to pick up my car, explained that I had an appointment at 10 and the calls were making me a little nervous especially since I was told they had no other appointments before me.
He  retrieved my vehicle and when he got out and handed me the keys, I just kindly reminded him how unprofessional the business is.
He proceeded to make excuses again stating "not that I have to explain anything to YOU, but the owner is out of town..." blah blah blah.
I highly advise you to stay away unless you want the runaround and your time wasted.
I went to Tint World and was done in 1 hour and 45 minutes with no games!
I can't wait to tell the owner how his business is being handled when he's "out of town.
The one star is only because I had to.
If there were negative stars they would get a thousand of them.

Place is awesome you have to go here of you need your windows tinted!

I love these guys because they are local, have a relaxed atmosphere, they love cars, do a great job and stand behind their work.
Not too many systems in place so don't expect a McDonald's experience, but they will listen and give you what you want, or just install some killer tint.
They even did some special custom work for me on request, it was a real pleasure.
I've had three cars done with them so far and look forward to the next job.
Niggles???
The pitbull gave me a scare walking up to my leg without wagging his tail.
Keep up the great work boys!

I checked out a bunch of places for tint online and tried to use reviews as one of my basic factors.
I wanted to spend a reasonable amount and not let price be the ultimate factor when picking my tint mainly because my car is brand new (first owner).
I was thinking of going to Eco-Tint but their wait list is about a week and a half and thats just ridiculous unless Jesus himself is putting on your tint (and he better be doing it miracle style, none of this of this manual labor business).
Capital Tint was less than a mile from where I lived and I called them and Stefan (not sure how to spell it) was super nice and super friendly on the phone.
He explained everything in great detail and really seemed like he liked his job, which you don't see a lot of these days.
I made an appointment but had to change it up and come in on short notice.
They were nice enough to squeeze me in at the end of a busy day which was really nice of them because I saw how many cars they had and they were really nice about me coming on such short notice.
Stefan came to my car and explained everything he could about all the different types of tints and what they do and the costs.
They got it done a lot quicker than they said they'd have it done.
The whole staff is amazingly friendly and I left really feeling confident about my tint job.
I plan to even get some more work done there.
The only reason it's not 5 stars is because I still believe its a bit high in cost and I did have to go back for a little bit of a touch-up on the tint, but they handled me in minutes and had me on my way.
Thanks!

When I arrived for my appt, there was a woman there complaining about the tint job she received a week before.
That should have been my clue to walk away.
Do not waste your time.
I had an appt at 2 pm and left my car there to have the windows tinted.
Went back at 5 and they said they weren't done - come back at 6.
Went back at 6 pm and they hadn't even started my tinting so I asked for my keys and left.

*Update* The owner of Capital tint contacted me very quickly after I posted my review.
He wanted to know exactly what happened.
He aplogized and offered to have my car get a mini detail and deodorized profesionally.
I honestly did not take the offer because the smell in my car is very very faint now and I have a feeling it will be gone in a couple of days now that I can roll down my windows.
He also told me he has gotten the compliant of a bad smell before, though rare.
Healso told me talked to his employee, Stephen about the situation.
If his employee would have handled the situation just as professional as John had, I really don't think we would have run into any problems.
I will admit that the tint job itself is A-OK.
If you decide to give them a chance and you have any issues I would strongly suggest talking to John about it.
He seems to really cares about his customers.
*Original review was given one star*  Pros: Good tint job Stephen did explian very well the differnt types of tint and the pros and cons of each one.
Cons:  Customer service is horrible My 2012 vehicle smelled like really bad body order and mildewy rags after.
If you are a woman be careful.
Long Version: I bought a groupon for tint on 5 windows on an SUV for $89.
The up sale started right away.
If I wanted to get the two extra windows on my SUV it was going to be an extra $35.
Then Stephen told me about all the different films.
I ended up paying a total of $152 on top of the $89 which upgraded my film,  two extra windows, and the glare strip for the windshield.
I wasn't happy about that but I was tired of paying these little shops that do a crappy job.
So I figured you get what you pay for.
Now while I was trying to decide if I wanted to upgrade or not I was listening to Stephen's interactions with other customers.
That should have given me an indication on what kind of business this was.
I understand that its a shop full of men and it has a certain type of environment.
But I don't think I should have been subjected to profanity as a customer.
The tint job itself on my 2012 CRV looked decent from the outside.
I noticed a bad mildew smell by the windows on the outside of the car right away.
When I opened it up it smelled like bad body odor and wet mildew rag smell.
I didn't say anything right away because I figured it was a water smell.
Which I should have said something right away and I admit that was a BIG BIG mistake on my part!
I called the next day because I febreezed the crap out of my car and it still smells like crap!
I talked to Stephen and he said it was normal because they use water to tint windows and that because I can't roll down the windows that the smell won't go away.
My Husband got on the phone with him to tell him that we have had other cars tinted and they have never smelled like that.
My Husband told him that our new car no longer smells like new car and that he knew that Capital Tint would not do anything about it, but he wanted to make sure they were aware of the problem.
Stephen told my husband that he does high end cars all the time and has never had a complaint like that.
My husband again said that he just wanted him to be aware.
Stephen started to yell at him saying "What do you want me to do, buy you a new car?
"  My Husband said to him, " I never said you had to buy me a new car"  Stephen just kept yelling at my husband.
My Husband said to him, "I don't have to listen to you yell at me.
" and hung up on him.
Needless to say we will not recommend this business to anyone and will never ever go back due to terrible customer service and bait and switch practices.

This Review Applies To ALL the Following Aliases: Capital Mobile Tint Capital Mobile Tint & Customs Capital Tint LLC.
On 07/11/2012 the owner of Capital Mobile Tint, (John B.
) came to my residence to give me an estimate for one window that we wanted tinted due to the suns' glare on our TV.
John stated that if we would tint all of our house windows we would save on our power bill, protect our wood blinds, and give extra privacy.
He also said  that the tint would be more cost efficient than our other option of Solar Screens.
On 7/12/12 I made a deposit of $395.00 and on 7/13/12 John applied and completed the window tint job.
While he was leaving I was told to wait 3-4 weeks before cleaning the tinted windows to allow the tint to cure.
After waiting 4 weeks, I cleaned the windows with the suggested alcohol and distilled water mixture that John recommended.
Once both sides of the windows were cleaned I was appalled at how the windows looked.
The corners were peeling away from the windows, there were clusters of bubbles on almost every window, 7 plus  windows with glue residue smears between the window and the tint, and noticeable bubbles throughout some windows.
Out of the 40 window panes tinted, every window has an installation defect.
The following business day i contacted Capital Mobile Tint, with no answer and left a message addressing the issues and for someone to come out to inspect the finished job.
After no response and another week i called again and spoke with Stephan, and made an appointment at 9/3/12 for 10:00 AM.
After waiting until 10:30AM I called to see why no one showed up, I left another message and was never contacted once again.
On 9/4/12 I called again to see why no one showed up and made another appointment for 9/6/12 at 2:00PM.
A young man named Zach showed up to inspect the issues i addressed and was even shocked to see how bad his bosses job was.
After leaving I received a phone call from Zach to see if he could come back with John( Installer/Owner ) so John could see the issues.
About an hour later they showed up and Johns attitude toward his defective job made me uncomfortable.
He stated that the defects were the Tint Manufacturers faulty product and it was under warranty for 15 years.
On 9/13/12 i received a phone call from Zach wanting to know if someone could come out as a last minute appointment to correct the problem windows.
Since i was not home, I returned the call later that night and Zach was gone for the day.
I spoke to Stephan and he set up an appointment for 9/19/12 at 10:00AM at my request so my husband could leave work to be home when they arrived.
Stephan then called me on 9/19/12 at 8:54 AM asking if the Tech could come earlier, since my husband was at work, I declined and he confirmed that they would be out at 10:00AM.
After waiting 15 minutes after my scheduled appointment I called the store to be told by Stephan that my appointment was not until 12:00PM.
After many attempts to correct the issues and getting the run-around from the business I feel that it is appropriate to WARN other potential victims!!!
This matter will be resolved in court, Per John Bernal, The Owner's Request!
I Won the court case on December 5, 2012!!!

wanted to get my windows tinted and got the name of this place from a co-worker, and i was not disappointed.
i have a infatuation with my cars and its very rare i will give the keys to someone, but my friend gave them the keys to a $70k bmw, that instilled some confidence.
stephen gave rundown on the different tints they offer and why some of the cars running around town look like shit.
(don't use a dyed window tint btw) no b.s.
involved and i got a education on window tint.
they took my car in right away since i was waiting for it thought that was cool as i had no appointment.
they told me it would be 2 1/2 hours and it took less than two.
lifetime warranty.
and a fair price, plus the window tint is made in the USA.
not gonna lie that rang my cowbell.
they will be tinting the windows on all my cars as long as i live in the valley.

I was referred to this shop by a friend and I'm so happy I went to them.
I was able to bring my car in right away and since I waited for my car they had me in and out in no time.
All the guys were very friendly and Stephen really knows how to take care of his customers.
Capital Tint is who I will be referring to all my friends!

Got here at 8:55 am for a 9am-groupon deal appt, nice they were open already.
Checkin was quick with a minimal upsell for better tint which i did, was told 1.75 hrs to finish and it was done by 10:50am.
so not to bad on timing but i only got  my two front windows done so it could have been done in less than an hour b/c the actual time my car was in the install bay was about 45 min.
realistically my appt should have been for 10 am and not have me sit around for the extra hour.
but the quality was fair and the guys were informative.
woulda given 4-5 stars if not for the timing.
btw bring something to read or do if you're gonna wait it out there, their magazines are old...

I just got my windows tinted by capital and they look great!
I have been waiting for about a year to do my windows after moving out to the desert.
I found a groupon for 5 windows.
I ended up having more than five "windows" with the splits in my windows and was talked into an upgrade on the films.
So paid about 160 for my little nissan versa.
John was willing to negotiate on the upgrade price and was very thorough in explaining the films etc.
They were friendly and professional.
My car was finished on time which was great!
They also have the sweetest dog in the waiting room!
Can't complain and would definitely recommend them to a friend!

Great service.
Stefan (front desk) was really helpful and answered all my questions and gave good suggestions.
I just got my tint done using SunTek HP film.
Highly recommend.

Terrible!
Had a groupon for "express" 1-hour car detail.
Couldn't make an appointment until 4 days from calling.
Dropped off car on time, to return 3.5 hours later with my car not even being touched.
When I called to check status, the attendant claimed it was being washed (which turned out to be a lie).
Tried to up sell me on ridiculously over priced floor mat shampoo and leather conditioner.
When I saw crew working in back, it didnt look like much of a professional wash let alone a "detail".
I left before I wasted any more of my life for an overpriced fundraiser car wash.

Went in for a groupon deal for se detailing services.
$40 for a normally $85 service.
The guys in the shop were great.
My car was clean and shiny inside and out.
It was just a basic level detail but they did a great job with it.
They gave me a quote for a more extensive buff an polish and I think I'll be taking them up on it the next time I come around to cleaning my car.
They do tint and other mobile accessory work.
Nice guys with great service.
And don't be scared of the shop dog.
I was chilling on the couch for a while and he was a friendly pit.
Read that lady's crazy review.
She sounds like a nut.

I purchased a groupon for 5 windows, well I got scam by this guy, and they told me that to pay extra 50.00 for the small windows on my rear doors.
I ask why I had to pay $50.00 when I already paid $65.00 to do 5 windows.
Well you can get the picture on how I got scammed.
Well I took my other car to the dealer and they only charged me $99.00 that was a better deal than these guys.
Also work was done very poorly by capital I still had the bubbles on the windows three weeks later.
Originally I was told by Capital that the bubbles will go away after 3 or 4 days.
I had to take the car to the dealer to get done right.
The cost of doing my windows after the mess totally was $269, they had to remove the old tinting and replace with a better tinting.
Summary of the cost Groupon $65.00 +  Extra at Capital $50.00 = $115.00 + Hyundai Dealer $54.00 to Remove old tinting and $100.00 for new tinting =$269.00 without counting my wasted time.
I also asked about replacing my Viper alarm remote control and was told $179.00EA, well I did my research and founded for $44.00EA @ http://Amazon.com and they also wanted $85.00 to program my new remote controls.
I went to best buy and they did for $19.95 both remotes control.
I don't recommend this guys unless you have deep pockets because you going to need it.

They got a rating because there's nothing lower!
I bought a Groupon to use to get a discount?
I bought their CarboXP at what they said was a discount?
Paid $465 including the Groupon.
then I called 2 other tinting shops and they wanted between $390 and $425 for the exact same job?
Don't trust Groupon,, neither business replied to my emails.
The worst part of this visit, they have a pit bull loose at their business.
This dog tried to hump my wife's leg and pissed on her!
The guy said sorry my dog does that all the time!
Instead of giving us a decent deal after that horrible experience we got charged more than we would've going somewhere else without a Groupon coupon.
On my bill it said we saved $135?
Does that mean they would charge over $500 without the Groupon?
Unbelievable!
Groupon has responded by refunding the money I spent on the voucher, they are definitely worth purchasing because they will return your money if you have a bad experience!

I found these guys on google.
I have a 2013 silverado that needed a few add on performance upgrades.
Knowing I didn't purchased the parts from them I thought they may just brush me off.
stefen and mike worth both amazing.
I'd already got my windows tinted but had I known about these guys I may have given them the business.
Prices were very fair, and the work was superior.
Thank you guys!

EXCELLENT customer service!
Did an amazing job tinting my 2013 Scion tC.
Looks wonderful and gave me exactly what I paid for.
Woudl recommend to anyone.

Admittedly, I'm not a "gear head", nor am I "OC" about cleanliness.
However, for a basic detail job, I expect all hair to be vacuumed from the car and the glass to be 'perfect' - both inside and out.
The outside of the car looks fine, with the exception of the windshield and side mirrors, but smudges remained on the interior trim and I'll need to go over the car with a vacuum and hand-cloth.
The wheels look terrific, though.
I like these fellows and wish them well.
I'm inclined to give them another shot when I need a detail job, but I'm mildly disappointed that I have to go over the car to finish their work.

I'm so glad I don't have to shriek in pain from the sun anymore!!!
Used a living social voucher (had to book about a month in advance!
) and upgraded to the high performance tint so it doesn't turn purple in a few years.
Hurrah!!!
Great service, great deal, great job!
My car looks pretty ridiculously good-looking now.
Probably should have done my tint sooner since Vegas sunlight dominates Socal sunlight.
;_;

Got a living social for five windows that was great.
They even gave me a discounted rate for getting two other windows tinted.

Fantastic service!
Such friendly people!
Not to mention that they do such a great job at what they did to our car was fantastic.
Thank you so much Capital Tint, I don't have to hate the sun anymore!

This was quite possible the most unprofessional business I have ever encountered.
I called earlier in the week and made an appointment for Saturday at noon to have my boyfriend's car tinted for his birthday.
We arrived at 11:30am and was told that it would be done around 3pm.
At 4:30pm we decided to drive there to pick the car up figuring that it had to be done by then only to find the car in the parking space we left it in without tint on the windows.
After 5 hours our car wasn't  even looked at.
You would think that a curtesy call would have been made to let us know that things were behind but the only call we received was a "pocket dial" from who I believed to have been the owner.
So if you are keeping track: that's a whole Saturday wasted, a birthday present ruined, a rude unprofessional pocket dial and no apology.
EMBARRASSING excuse for a business.
I truly hope you considered the wonderful company Green Valley Auto Tint who is rescuing my boyfriend's birthday and taking us first thing tomorrow morning.
Are you listening Capital Mobile Tint?
You could probably learn a thing or 2 from them.
Oh never mind, there is no point.
I don't see you being open in a few months anyway.

Living Social/Amazon Local Deal.
Cool dudes.
Satisfaction of supporting local/small business as well as materials Made In The USA.

OK - check it out - We are always adding extra layers of security at the Borden House.
On Tuesday we added another.
We had Capital Tint and Customs install security film on our downstairs front windows.
This stuff is crazy good and worth every penny.
Take a look at the video below to see how effective it is.
I highly recommend Capital Tint.
They did a great job and have done our cars in the past.
Call Kirby Foster if you want more information - 702-885-9348  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlEcffvTWak

Rip off.
Be wary of using livingsocial vouchers.
As soon as the voucher is marked redeemed and torn up, the upsell begins.

Verdict: Good GroupOn deal on a good tint job.
HOWEVER--I'm very disappointed in the pushy up-selling and for charging me an extra $35 dollars just to tint the rear quarter windows, which I told them I didn't want tinted in the first place, since they said they would charge me for it and then they end up tinting them--just to charge me.
Also I was told, "We need the car for a few hours, like 2-3 hours to do the job..." So I drop off my car at my scheduled 12 PM time slot and tell them, "I'll be back before 5 to pick it up.
"  You would think 5 hours is PLENTY of time right?
I get back to the shop, a quarter to 5 like I said I would and these guys are out front--joking around with one another and my car hasn't even been touched yet.
Now last time I checked, a "few" is equal to one or two and a "couple", is equivalent to two or three.
I gave them 5, almost 6 hours with my car when everything was finally done and in the end--it only took 30 minutes to do the actual tint job.
Not a good look in how you run your business guys.

BEWARE.
I purchased a groupon for $30 to do my two front windows.
After the guy redeemed my voucher, he tried to pressure me into  upgrading to a more expensive tint.
I told the guy no, I only want what I paid for but he kept insisting, stating the standard tint will have to be replaced I two years.
Bottom line, these guys lied.
I contacted sun tek and the guy told me that info was false.
I'm in the process of getting my money refunded from groupon.
I also had my daughter cancel groupon too.

Worse job ever...dirt in between windows, creases, glare on back window so bad I cant see safely!!
Having to have it removed and redone properly!!
DONT USE THESE RIP OFFS!

My husband took my car here for the window tint.
He had called first and arranged  the price and what was to be done.
When he arrived they did try to upsell him on services or tint we did not want on the car.
He left.
The manager came out and they spoke.
Agreed to the original price.
They proceeded with the work and quite honestly did a great job!
The windows look great, you can see how great the work is when you put the windows down.

My husband had tint put on my car as a gift.
The guys here did an awesome job.
The tint makes my car look new.
There are no bubbles, runs, chips, etc.
It looks really smooth.
The best I'd that I got the carbon tint and my car is a lot cooler.
I'm so grateful for my tint.
Thanks Capital Mobile Tint.

Very disappointed.
The guy told me to bring the car at 3:30 and to come pick it up at 5:30.
When I get there at 5:30 the car hasn't been moved yet.
When I asked him he said that now is my turn and they can do a two hour work in twenty minutes.
I was a little skeptic but I said ok. At 6pm come the other manager and try to up sale me.
Not a very honest company.
I did tinting with them before when they just started 4 years ago and they become very greedy.

Got the Groupon for my Mom.
$90 for 5 windows on her old Range Rover.
There are a total of 7 windows that need tint.
Groupon listing states "Lifetime Warranty.
" She shows up on time for the appointment and has to wait for 20 mins.
During the consult, the tech is busy answering the phones and talking to the people calling instead of taking care of the customers he has standing in front him.
We knew about the extra windows and that there would be an additional charge for them.
They wanted an additional $90 for 2 tiny vent windows and 2 windows in the back that were no bigger than than the door, side windows.
After the upsell spiel, we were told that the Groupon tint only has a one year warranty and the tint probably won't last that long.
DO NOT waste your time with these people.
Horrible customer service and dishonest business practices.

Beware of the up-sell when you come in with a Groupon.
THE DIGS - 4 Stars: Nothing special here.
Pretty much consistant with a car 'tuning' shop.
Posters of rims and chicks in bikinis everywhere.
The main area is clean and comfortable.
They have two regular size sofas that are very comfortable.
They have a water dispensor with cold filtered water and a vending machine.
The location is convenient.
Walking distance away from eateries and some stores.
The restrooms were clean and efficient.
THE SERVICE - 1 Star:  While they are somewhat polite and personable, that does not make up for their lack of actual customer service.
We made an appointment for 09:30 am a week in advance.
When we arrived, there was one customer being checked in and three other customers waiting in line to be checked in.
There was only one employee checking customers in.
No one asked us if we had an appointment so we stood in line.
At 09:45 we were still in line waiting and they had only checked in one other customer.
I stepped out of the line and told the employee that we had a 09:30 appointment and he said "Oh yes, how are you?, my name is XYZ, just sit tight and I'll be right with you.
I took that to mean that as soon as he was done with the customer he would take care of those of us with appointments.
I was sadly mistaken.
I still had to stand in line while all the other customers that came in before us without appointments were checked in.
In the end, we made appointments for 09:30 and 10:00 and weren't checked in till 10:30.
Why even make an appointment?
This in and of itself was not the issue.
The other part was the fact that the one employee checking in the customers was moving at a very "I don't care how many people are waiting in line, I'm going to make my sale" pace.
I understand making his sales pitch, that's how they do business, but the pace in which he was doing it was unacceptable.
Let's talk about the sales pitch.
Again, it's part of the business, but the problem is it's a pressure sales pitch deguised as 'recommendations' and complete with erroneous information like, "The factory tint on the back windows of your 2006 Scion XB is only intended to last 3-4 years so it's recommended that you get all the windows done.
" Unless you already caught how dumb that sounds, let me give you a little background before I explain why it sounds dumb.
I bought the two front window for $29 Groupon deal.
Now, I've been around long enough to know that these 'too good to be true' deals usually mean it's a bait and switch.
I also know that the $29 is for their lowest grade tint.
But I didn't care because lowest grade was more than what I had at the time which was no tint.
And I don't intend to keep the car.
Now back to why what he said was dumb.
Remember, my car is a 2006, he's telling me that the factory tint is only meant to last 3-4.
Can you do the math on 2014 - 2006?
I've had the car almost 8 years and the performance or look of the back window tints has not degraded one bit.
Now, they can argue that it's the exception and not the rule or that it's a 'transparent' degredation that you don't notice.
Sure, sure it is.
But mine is not the only 2006 XB on the road that still has immaculate, still effective back window tint.
My car has not felt any different since the first day I bought it.
Anyway, bait and switch or not, the guy was too pushy.
I understand recommendations, but don't make customers feel like they're making a mistake just because they are not buying your $250 package when they walked in with a $29 Groupon deal.
If I had $250, I wouldn't have gotten a groupon.
They told us that the cars would be done by 12:30 (two cars at 1 hour each).
When we got back at 12:45, no dice on the second car.
Finally, around 1pm, they pulled the car out and parked it.
Once they do that, they call the customer by name and the customer goes up and pays.
It was 1:20 and we had to go up to them and ask if the car was ready.
The guy apologized and said he didn't realize we were there.
Let's pretend for one second that makes sense.
If you didn't think we were in the shop why didn't you call the number we gave you when we checked in to let us know the car was ready?
You know, the number you said you would call if we weren't in the shop when the car was ready.
CONCLUSION: Not worth the trip if you live more than 5 miles away from the place.
Quality of work is good but they need to work on repeat customers and referrals.
The guy gave me a bunch of business cards to pass around and there is no way I will put my name on this place.
Step up your customer service.
When someone makes an appointment, honor it.
If someone is on a budget and doesn't want to spend more than what they've already spent, respect that.
If you have a long line, at least pretend you care about getting these folks taken care of as quickly as possible.
You can be polite all day, but actions speak louder than words.

I bought a Groupon for this place for my sons car, WOW was I surprised on all the up charges they hit me with.
The 2000 VW Golf has two very small triangle windows in the back passenger doors, they wanted $35 to tint these two windows.
I only paid $70 for the Groupon in the first place.
There was old window tint on the windows and they told me it was $85 an hour to take the old tint off.
Who knows how long that would have taken.
Then, when I asked how much the first tint up grade was, they quoted $125 plus the $70 for the Groupon!!!
He told me if I just drove in the fee to tint all 7 windows with the upgrade tint was $150 making the Groupon more costly then just driving in!!!
The guy "Clint" actually told me this!!!!
Stay away from this place, I would recommend Green Valley Tint just mile or so away!

What an absolute joke.
As a gift, someone gave me a Groupon for this place to tint my windows.
After spending 30 minutes on hold the first time I called, 25 minutes the next, and 18 after that (got hung up on that time... lovely)...
I'm done.
I have things to do, and if you can't even get me off hold and scheduled for a tinting appointment within a reasonable amount of time then forget it if you think I'm dropping off my vehicle with you.
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS AWFUL PLACE.
I told the person who bought me the Groupon to get their money back.
This place is just a ridiculous mess.

