I must admit I was a bit worried when I heard that Edinburgh was going to get an Urban Outfitters in 2009.
If you know anything about Edinburgh, you'll know that there is a distinct style, that of the 'yah'.
Hence why my heart sank a bit at the thought of Urban Outfitters - Edinburgh would get an entirely new species of yah - the cool one.
But you know what?
It's not so bad.
Urban Outfitters has always been known for its edgy fashion and quirky bits n bobs.
Rather than feel out of place in this ultra-cool shop, I felt quite at home!
The layout is a bit difficult to navigate - the ground floor is ALWAYS busy yet the first floor, which is also womenswear, is never busy and all the dressing rooms are up here.
Helpful hint - don't go here on a Saturday, there's just no point.
The tills are also not in a great place, the queue clogs up the shop-floor and it's difficult to move around.
But overall it's a great new arrival to the Princes St brigade.

Dragging the somewhat staid Princes Street into the 21st century, the recent arrival of Urban Outfitters brings both positive and negatives to the city's shopping scene.
Positive - The city centre will soon be overrun with trendy arsehole indie art-school irony peddlers, just like Glasgow.
Negative - The city centre will soon be overrun with trendy arsehole indie art-school irony peddlers, just like Glasgow.
It's a win win, or lose lose, situation.

I am not a huge fan of Urban Outfitters.
I think the huge range of fake spectacles they sell pretty much sums up the type of person who shops here.
Seriously, someone please explain to me this trend of wearing super geeky glasses when you have 20/20 vision?
Maybe I am just bitter because I can't afford to spend 30 pounds (my computer died so I am using my boyfriend's... why doesn't his keyboard have a pound sign??
) on a t-shirt.
Or maybe I just don't want to spend 30 pounds on a t-shirt, I don't know.
But I do like the stylish interior of this store.
And the trendy books about Audrey Hepburn and the Olsen Twins full of pretty pictures with plenty seating that allow you to read and not buy the books.
I enjoy the home section too, some fun bits that I really don't need but buy anyway.

I rather like Urban Outfitters and I think this cavernous store is a welcome addition to Princes St. People moan about the price of the clothes, but I think things generally represent good value for money; I spent £60 on a pair of unusual trousers in the Glasgow store about 5 years ago and I still wear them when an occasion requires something smart yet quirky (job interviews in the arts for example).
My boyfriend asserts that this is the only place in which to get a decent pair of jeans; he recently got some reconditioned Levi's for £80 and he'll wear them until they come apart at the seams, so money well spent.

Good old Urban Outfitters, this one is huge and I could easily spend hours in here thinking over whether I really need that overpriced skirt or those pricey printed tights.
I guess the best thing about Urban Outfitters is the sale and boy do I love a good bargain!
Last week I bagged myself two pretty floral printed body con skirts for £15, a play suit for £25 and a really gorgeous dress for only £20!
The dress was by "Johann" and I've noticed an increasing number of items from this range and they're all gorgeous.
What's better is the fact that they always seem to fit me like a glove as I find Urban Outfitters clothes can be a little on the large size for small people like myself.
I've fallen in love with various tops and dresses only to try them on and find that the straps go down to past my chest - not really a good look.
I also really love the Free People range and they always have gorgeous jackets and I got a really pretty summer one from here last year.
I guess a lot of Urban Outfitters stock is a bit overpriced but they do have items that are a bit more unusual than some other High Street stores and they stock a lot of designers that are exclusive to the store.
As much as I love Topshop more often than not if I'm on a night out with a outfit from there there's usually someone else with the same thing on but I've never had this problem with Urban Outfitters clothes.

Ugh.
I have to four star it, even though I know it's contrived!
My feet always decide for me that I'm coming in for a look, but this branch in Edinburgh isn't too painful.
They have a huge floorspace to work with, including a massive sales section at the back.
The staff are friendly, it's well laid out and has the new, cool vibe of Urban Outfitters in America.
Believe it or not, the Americans sell different stock to us.
I always say I'm not a fan of Urban Outfitters, but what you need to learn about me, boys and girls, is that I am a huge hypocrite.
I'll be warning my kids about this awful trait.
I say one thing - with conviction, no less!
- but do another.
So yes, I genuinely wish I never shopped in here because it's so gloriously self-conscious, but they do sell some gorgeous clothes.
Edinburgh's outlet is no exception, and if you can afford to spend some pennies in here at least their stuff lasts.
And since Urban Outfitters cash in on older, "retro" trends, you can keep the stuff for years and bring it out of mothballs in 2030 when you're having a midlife crisis.
That is, if you still fit into the tiny, tiny skirts and skinny jeans.
I for one intend to become a complete pie after 40 and embrace the middle age spread, so I am enjoying their gorgeous wares now.
By the way, is the early 90s now retro?
I missed the memo.
Feck, I'm getting old.

Full of trendy mantle piece items, old-school gimmicky gadgets and a plethora of clothing it seems Urban outfitters has their sights well set on the modern demographic.
I can't help feeling the girls get the best deal with regards to clothing though, a mere smattering of 'T's' and quirky cardigans is all that seems to be found in the men's dept.
I nice place to look around, but more often than not I never actually buy anything from such 'image' conscious shops.

I rarely head down to Urban Outfitters, because it's almost at the tail end of Princes Street.
Too far.
However, I was in desperate need of some sunglasses (in Edinburgh I know!
) and decided they were bound to have something passably cool enough.
Sadly the only pickings left in the women's section were quite pathetic; it made me wonder why the female section of a store can sometimes resemble a looted shop whereas there's usually a little more calm in the men's.
Let's think about that.
I emerged 30 minutes later very happy with my purchase of men's aviators (though I was told they're unisex anyway) and a bit glad I didn't waste any money on needless shopping.
Because the clothes there, as bizarre as they may seem at times, are pretty fabulous.
A tad more expensive than some of the stores at the beginning of Princes Street, but worth it in my opinion.
You see, Urban Outfitters have successfully convinced me that they're "cool" and I'll forever think so.
Maybe minus the "Eat Less" t-shirt they came up with.
Someone high up must have had a brain fart.

I caved and spent £12 on a jar with a lid and a straw!
It was cute and I had been paid so its all good.
Even better was the girl at the till said if you are a student you get 10% off then put it through as a student before I could even answer, I like her style especially since its 13 years since my uni days!
I was in here buying a birthday present for a friend.
Which i managed so mission accomplished!
This place is always good for buying novelty parcels, utter rubbish but makes you smile.
Does one really need an inflatable unicorn horn to put on a cat?
There is trendy clothes, bags and books but for me it's all about the gimmicky mug that has a slot to hold a biscuit!
Only here for novel present buying, but that's ok.

