Food:  Good Drinks: Good Service: Below Average Ambiance: Casual Portions: Average Facility Type: Outdoor cafe (no smoking, yeay!
) Cuisine: American Price: High for what you're getting Parking: Hotel/Casino self-park or valet  From the Aria website: "Refresh and refuel while overlooking the beautiful pool deck and lush landscaping in a casual al fresco dining setting.
Breeze Café offers innovative, healthy and fresh gourmet cuisine in a modern café setting.
"  What I tried:  Chicken panini sandwich ($15) - Good Lobster Wrap- Good Club Sandwich with fries ($15) Hamburger with fries- Average Nachos with guacamole- Average  This cafe is located next to the pool.
Came with friends (party of 9).
3 people had beers and cocktails with their food.
Bill came out to around $500 with tip (approx $55 per person).
Kind of pricey for just average pool side lunch food.
Service was not good.
Waitress did not check on our table after food and beverages arrived.
Had to wave down busser for utensils.
Some orders did not come out as requested (ie., well done hamburger, no mayo, etc).
2.5 Stars

I know what to expect from the menu of  a cafe located at a hotel pool, and this didn't surprise - burgers, club sandwiches, nachos.
Yawn.
I won't deduct any stars for that, since they are only giving the tourists what they probably want, but at a hotel like Aria, I expect that food to be executed well and this wasn't.
The location is beautiful, but the service was mediocre.
Our waiter certainly seemed to be trying, but was confused by my request for the chopped salad with the meat on the side.
I explained that I was sharing with my friend, who is a vegetarian.
After taking the order, he asked again about what I wanted on the side.
When he later came back and asked a third time, I just knew it wasn't going to be right, even though I tried explaining again: meat on the side.
Sure enough the bacon was on the side, but the chicken was mixed in.
Luckily my friend wasn't picky about it.
But, the bacon was disappointing - that crappy shredded, pre-cooked stuff you can buy in a bottle.
The other dish we split was Vietnamese Summer Rolls.
The vegetarian option was $15 and though I know things are overpriced at Strip hotels, what I received was ridiculous.
The roll was 90% shredded cabbage, no visible cilantro, vermicelli, or seasoning.
It came with a small amount of bland peanut sauce artfully piped over the top, but was only enough to flavor your first bite, the rest was pretty much raw cabbage.
My soda was $4.50, but the cappuccino was $5.
Since when is a cappuccino 50 cents more than a fountain drink?
That's weird.
Oh well, I guess if you are hungry and at the pool, you don't have many options.
I just wish these new hotels that say they are going to bring a whole new level of service and first-class experience to Vegas would try a little harder.

I guess this is what you should expect poolside at Aria.
Windy, overpriced bad food.
$20 burgers and 1 lb.
hot dogs that scare small children.
Slow service and secluded location make this cafe a must miss.
If your hungry and eager to be poolside change locations all together.
Interesting items on menu like country friend bacon but unfortunately just not good.
Go to the Hard Rock for some quality poolside entertainment and food.

Avoid this place if you can!
Breeze Cafe is Aria's poolside outdoor restaurant, which serves your typical poolside menu -- burgers, hot dogs, sandwiches, etc.
The majority of the staff appeared to be confused and overwhelemed.
While our server seemed to be trying, she was incredibly slow and unattentive.
The cooks must also have been lost or really overwhelmed.
We sat there for 10 minutes before someone brought us water.
And then literally waited 40 minutes for our food (a hot dog and a bowl of fruit!
) -- how long does it take to grill a hot dog and dish up pre-cut fruit??
The food was mediocore, as expected.
This place as potential, but the managers at Breeze Cafe should really revisit training of their staff.

Came to the Aria pool for my Birthday with my mommy friends and ate here since it was poolside.
Big mistake.
I dont know why I ordered sushi but I did and I had to send it back.
It did not look good at all.
Ended up with a chicken quesadilla..for $15 bucks.
It was ok..not great.
The overpriced drink I had was the highlight of the meal.
I wont be eating here again.

This was the first place we ate at when we arrived at the Aria Hotel.
We threw on our bathing suits and went straight out to the pool and we were starving from traveling.
For starters we ordered the Chips and Salsa appetizer.
It came with 4 dips.
A bean dip and 3 other salsas.
The food portions are huge here and served with interesting style.
My girlfriend ordered a Caeser Salad and it came with actual anchovies on the salad.
So if you don't like to see fish on your salad make sure you tell them to hold the Anchovies.
While we were waiting for our food we saw a 1 lb.
hot dog arrive at the table next to us.
What a site to see that was.
You can check out the pic that I posted if you are interested.
My husband and I split a Club Sandwich.
It was super good.

What do you want from the place?
You get to sit outside.
The menu is limited and the drinks start at $14.
Don't even try to get breakfast items after 11am.
Still, my BLT and fries were good and my travelin' man appeared to enjoy his rice bowl.
It was food.
It was poolside.
At a nice hotel.
We ate it.
End of story.

I'm a sucker for modern design and I adore outdoor living.
That being said, I LOVE the concept of Breeze Cafe but I think it could be better executed.
The design and location of Breeze Cafe warrant 5 stars because it is *awesome* and it is next to a pool.
The place is a wind tunnel so if you don't like wind you probably shouldn't eat here.
Fortunately for me, I like wind--goes back to that whole outdoor living thing.
I had to dock a star for a couple of reasons...
They don't serve breakfast after 11a and that is a problem for people who go to bed in the wee hours of the morning.
Also, the entrance was *impossible* to find.
After walking around for 20 minutes, getting directions from people who clearly had no idea where it was or how to give directions, we finally found a helpful employee who directed us there [the Aria employees are so friendly].
My suggestion [and I'm glad you asked] for Breeze Cafe management is to put up a lot more signage!!!
And serve breakfast all day.
The food...I had a chicken panini and my bf had something similar.
They were awesome, and I personally thought BC was pretty inexpensive for the quality of the food.

My boyfriend and I were starving and saw this cafe.
It looked very inviting and cool so we decided to eat here.
I ordered the salad with shrimp and my boyfriend had the nachos.
The salad was good, the shrimp were huge and tasty.
The nachos looked big, but were deceiving.
The chips to cheese ratio was not that great.
Overall the food was just ok for the price.
I'm not going to be dreaming about their food or craving it anytime soon.

Most good Vegas hotels have very decent poolside cafe food.
Misters help provide some relief from the heat.
Salads are delicious with good portions.
Other hangover food also good portions (hot dog, BLT, etc).

We were starving after laying-out by the pool and decided to grab something nearby.
Sadly, it was not the best idea.
First of all I am a vegetarian/pescatarian and like things a certain way.
Both my friend and I saw items on the menu that looked good, but we wanted to add eggs.
The girl at the cash register said she would check with the chef and see what he says.
She returned and told us the chef would not accommodate our request so rather than leaving we settled for something else.
I was really livid about the egg thing though.
Seriously, eggs are the EASIEST thing to make "what a LAZY ASS CHEF" was the first thing that came to mind when she rejected our requests.
I ordered the bagel and lox there was plenty of salmon and it was tasty, HOWEVER it was way overpriced ($14+) and hard for me to enjoy since I was so frustrated with the lack of service.
I also have to mention the wait time, lox and a bagel should only take a couple of minutes if that and it felt like we were waiting for 20+ minutes.
I will not be back again Breeze Café.

I was visiting a friend at Aria.
We decided to have lunch at the pool.
I must say I love a club sandwich.
I ordered the club and was not disappointed.
My friend ordered the nachos and they not only tasted great, but we're beautifully plated.
I have has "pool food" all over Vegas and really enjoyed our lunch....

They will tell you ten minutes.
It will take an hour.
Then they will get your order wrong.

