Before moving to Las Vegas, I had never ever set foot inside a furniture consignment store.
I would have thought that the quality of furniture rivaled high end thrift stores, but I was wrong.
I have been in each of the Colleen's Consignment stores, as well as others throughout the valley.
However, this location takes the cake.
The store is set up more like a "traditional" furniture store with rooms of like merchandise and rooms that are "set up" like you can take the whole collection home.
The quality of the merchandise was very nice, and the staff was a bit less pushy than I have been used to.
We were also able to haggle a bit on the price of an item that we wanted that had been in the store for a few weeks.
The store could be a bit difficult to navigate if you happened to be in a wheelchair or on crutches as it isn't as wide open as the other locations, but I am sure the staff would assist if needed.

This store must think that people don*t shop or that they are stupid.Why would someone buy used furniture with absolutely no warranty, when you can buy new furniture for less.My wife and I had our eye on a Robert Michael sectional for $1699, the salesperson said it would be $3500 at a new furniture store.We found an ad for a store called Lawrences Furniture that said they carried Robert Michael furniture.This store was great, the sectional was only $1299 for a new one in any fabric we wanted, and came with a warranty.We also bought another $5000 from Lawrences..Don!t buy used buy new, it!s that simple.....Shop till you drop.

This consignment store is amazing!
Their prices are very reasonable and their items may be new or slightly used.
I helped my in-laws furnish a living room and dinning room with delivery for under $900 in less than an hour.
I also purchased a nice modern leather couch for my home for under $600.
Love Love Love!
The service can be a hit or miss, but for the most part I have encountered pretty decent service.
But it's the unique pieces of furniture and home decor that make me a regular.
I have to say it makes shoping for furniture an all new and enjoyable experience.

I finally found some awesome display cases to store my collectibles in (some of them, at least.
) Yeah.
I'm a food collectible/action figure junkie like that...
The price was right and the delivery was free...can't complain about that.
If you're looking to get rid of anything, give it to Colleen's, they may be able to turn it into cash for you...ALOHA!!!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE(35/365)"Second hand finds"

If you're looking for furniture, this place is worth checking out.
According to the sales lady we spoke with, they get much of their merchandise from the World Market Center.
This store gets approximately 90% of their stuff from there, which means they've got quality furniture at highly discounted prices.
The remaining items come through consignment.
Many of those items looked great but a few did have noticeable dings and scratches.
But, if you're not terribly picky and don't mind used items, you may find some good deals.
The quality of the furniture that we saw was definitely a step up from the brand new crap at many furniture stores -- Ikea, I'm looking at you.
Of course, their inventory changes regularly so you may not always find what you're looking for.

I liked the things they had to offer,but most was the same as retail,brand new.
And the sales people,polite but they followed us around trying to push a sale so hard on me when I made it very clear I was simply just browsing.
Return factor?
Nah.

Colleen's is a store like no other.
They have a huge selection of new and used pieces but the highlight is the uniqueness you can find there.
I have shopped Colleen's for 13 years and almost everything in my house if from there!
Here's a tip - you must visit the stores often, merchandise turns over really quickly so one day you might see nothing then next week you can find lots.
Each store has different items and everything I have seen at the other big stores Colleen's has always had lower price.
On new merchandise always ask if that is the best price sometimes they can work with you.
Consignment is only discounted with the sellers' approval after it has been on the floor for a certain number of days.
Best advice: If you see something you love buy it or it will be gone when you go back.
I have had that happen twice...while I was still in the store!!!

Thanks to Todd and Desiree for helping with a random chair that I needed for my desk.
My friend suggested that I look there and I found what I needed as well as a bunch of stuff I wanted!
I will be sure to check Colleens before I go anywhere else when I need furniture or home decor.
Thanks for the great service.
Happy customer!

This is a pretty solid "consignment" furniture store.
Some of the pieces are used but many items are new and the tags let you know which is which.
The prices are variable.
I felt like some items were completely reasonable while others were outrageous.
I'm no expert though so you should really check it out and decide for yourself.
They have some really cool and unique finds and the advertisement says they get new items in everyday.
I DO NOT like to be followed around the store.
I prefer to walk around and look at things at my leisure and then seek out a sales associate if I need anything.
Paul allowed me to do just that.
He greeted me when I walked in, told me how to spot the difference between new and used and simply said "I'm Paul if you need anything.
" I like that approach.
I found a table that I liked and the price seemed fair but I have one other place I want to check before I make my purchase.
Since the tag said that the item had been there since June I felt pretty confident that the table would still be there if I decided to go back and make my purchase in the next couple of days.
It's worth popping in if your in the market for some furniture because you never know what they are going to have on the sales floor.
Regardless of whether I buy the table or not I'll be visiting this spot again.

colleen made a great move taking the former ethan allen store.
its layout is perfect for her staged rooms.
lots of great values here.

Very disappointing.
The consigned furniture was interesting and well-priced, but it comprised about 10% of the inventory, which is unusual in a Consignment store.
The other furniture can be found at any of the furniture stores on Spring Mountain, but it is overpriced here.
I won't be back.

I was leaving the Asian Buffet a couple of miles up the street when I spotted this little gem.
Make a quick U-E and my 16 year old daughter and I went treasure hunting.
I did not go into the store thinking that I was going to buy anything but left the store with a purchase of a lovely, scratch & dent bedroom set.
I love it and everyone who has seen it loves it!
The older lady with the short hair cut was very helpful and had a sweet demeanor and I appreciated that.
I will be back!

I recently helped my retired parents move here from OK. We used Colleens classic consignment because I had been in several locations.
My parents and I brought them the description of a new sofa and luv seat w four recliners very nice condition, these people tried to take advantage of them after they already spent 2k in their store and colleens  had already picked up their furniture to sell.
Later the next day they called and said we ill sell the set for 250 and split that w you?!?!?
Really?
I have went through their inventory and found the exact same couch ( couch only) listed at 500 bucks!!!!
Shame on you for taking advantage of our seniors!!!!
This is sad to the true professional who actually appreciates their customers!!!
I do not recommend this place!!!
We had to go back the next day and get the furniture they picked up?

Where do I begin with this place?
Hmm...
While I was driving down Rainbow I came across this place and I had just seen reviews online so decided to check it out.
Let me tell you their prices are CRAZY expensive first of all not everything is new most is used there is nothing and when I say NOTHING it's nothing, under $200 or so because its gently used furniture they should of had more deals.
If I wanted to pay $3000 for a couch I would defiantly want it to be in brand new condition.
I will NEVER go here ever again!
I will most definitely be letting people I know to never go here as well.

This place is so ridiculously over priced.
We even went over the weekend when the Black Friday sale was still going and I laughed at the prices.
There were pieces in there I had seen at Ross for a quarter of the price.
I wasted 15 minutes of my time.
Even if I was wealthy and could spend that type of money I would not spend it there.
Customer service?
Not one person spoke one word to us.

This consignment store is amazing with variety not seen in your typical furniture store!
You will find some unique pieces here.
Their prices can be very reasonable to extremely high but you just need to take your time because they're out their and items change out almost daily to weekly.
You'll find new to gently used furnishings as well as decorative accessories and rugs.
I helped my in-laws furnish an entire living room and dinning room with delivery for under $900 in less than an hour.
I also purchased a nice modern leather couch for my home for under $600.
And when they deliver you can hand off any of the furnishings you want to get rid of and they will sell them for you and give you a percentage.
I have to say it makes shopping for furniture an all new and enjoyable experience.

I don't want to be too harsh but this isn't really a consignment store.
They have some things on consignment some slightly damaged but new and some new furniture.
There were a few things that had good prices, but not what I'd expect out of a place calling itself a consignment store.
This isn't the place to furnish an entire house at.
This is the place to find one piece or two at.

I called Colleen's three times to pick-up furniture for consignment and no one called back.
I went on their website and filled out a pick-up request online and did not get a confirmation on the site or by email after pressing submit three times and gave up.
The next day I finally got a return call.
I have spent about $15,000 in their stores over the last 5-6 years (I furnished a large home) and now I am downsizing.
Nicole who called me back was so rude to me on the phone I got fed up and told her I was calling Lynn's World.
She then called me back two more times wondering if she had already called me.
Are you kidding???
After a customer gets annoyed and you are told they are are calling the competition, you forget one hour later or are so out of it you don't check or recognize the number, Really???
So far, everything is fine at Lynn's, they have been very nice to us.
I've bought a lot of furniture at Colleen's over the years, and lots of it was a good deal and in great shape, so buying there I would recommend.
Consigning, not.

