As with the all the ghost tours around Edinburgh, its always more fun if you succumb to the advertisement's hype and let your imagination run wild.
Deciding it would be fun to take my girlfriend on the tour I expected my hand to be squeezed in fear, to be clung on to in desperation as she quivered at the thought of  the ghouls an frights that lay ahead.
Unfortunately the more informative (compared to an entertainingly frightful) style of the tour resulted in a weak hand grip and a fairly relaxed pulse rate.
There was a little too much information with regards to the history of the sights visited and not enough focus on the scary stuff.
Indeed, it may just have been the tour guide we had that night or it may well have been that the tour bruised my macho image...but at £8.50 it will have to be a one off.

There's nothing better than a good old fright so why not pay £8.50 for the pleasure?
I decided to go on The City of the Dead tour around this time last year after seeing the advertisement boards located on the Royal Mile.
A walk around a graveyard?
A trip to the haunted Covenanters Prison?
A wee visit to the lair of the Mackenzie Poltergeist?
Yes please!
It was very interesting walking through the graveyard in the pitch black but the group we were with was huge so it was hard to feel scared with so many people around.
In addition to this, although the tour guide was awesome, he was more of a comedian than a scary type and cracked jokes the whole way round, I guess this eased the tension a bit.
I also remember him telling us a good bit about J.K Rowling and the Harry Potter books and while I like the books I'm not remotely interested in Potter facts.
I also agree with Sam that it was a little too informative with regards to history... we want scares!
I guess overall, this tour was probably the least scary out of the various ghost tours I've been on in Edinburgh despite the hype of being linked with "Most Haunted" and "Mystery Hunters".
It was, however, very entertaining and I did enjoy myself but if you're looking for a good scare this isn't the best Edinburgh has to offer.

I decided to go on the Double Dead tour for the access to the vaults and the covenanter's prison.
This tour was the only one that I heard of that led you into the covenanter's prison that was once ruled over by George Mackenzie, a horrible devil of a man and now a horrible devil of a poltergeist.
Supposedly.
The tour guide was humorous and a joy to listen too, but it loses a star for being a huge group, which wasn't scary at all, and for the SPOILER ALERT!!!!!!!!!!
masked man that jumps out at the end.
Sorry if I ruined it for you, but that's what ruined it for me.
I didn't experience any scratches or paranormal activity on my physical self, but when we were in the vaults my phone that was off started to ring and then turned dead off.... bizarre.

Fantastic tour of the vaults and the covenanter's prison with lots of tales about the horrific life of the poor and outcasts endured- you were considered lucky if you were murdered!
The tour guide was brilliant, great at setting the mood and the scene, keeping the tour's attention for the full time.
Definitely one to go on but not for the fainted hearted- I got spooked!!
They do student rates as well!!

Generally a good time but a little bland.
Gerry was our guide and is quite a character with great stories.
That being said, we were looking for a little more  thrill on our Double Dead tour of the underground vaults and grave yard.
The Mackenzie Poltergeist in Greyfriars graveyard was a great time (although a horrible, sad story).
I recommend the tour (very informative and you learn a great deal about Edinburgh history) but for you folks used to something more thrilling this will be a tame experience.

A good tour depends as much on the personality of the tour guide as it does on the subject matter at hand.
On that count, our tour was good.
Our guide was funny and personable, good at storytelling.
As he himself said: he's a storyteller, not a historian.
Our tour was the "double dead" tour that went into the vaults and also into the graveyard.
The tour itself wasn't that scary as others have said.
It also wasn't that informative about the history.
There was a brief overview of what the vaults were, but most of the vault tour consisted of the guide trying to warn us of what a supernatural encounter would be like and trying to impress upon us the number of times other tours had suffered an attack.
To a skeptic like me, this was not all that interesting.
Especially when, as expected, the tour group went through and found that nothing happened.
There's something a little strange to me about a tour that talks almost entirely about "encounters" that have happened to previous tour groups.
If ghosts were real, I'd be more interested in hearing about hauntings that happened before tour groups started traipsing through the area.
In the end I think I would have been more interested in an actual history tour than a "haunted" tour.
I found myself wanting to know more about the vaults and what life was like for people in there.
I found the horror of the covenanters prison to be much scarier (and much more interesting) than the supposed Mackenzie Poltergeist.
Even though the substance of the tour wasn't really what I would like (and it's my own fault for going on a ghost tour rather than a history tour) - I think the guide did a good job with the material.
If you're the type of person who loves those ghost hunting TV shows, you'll probably really like this tour.
If you're not into the ghost hunting, this tour or a similar one is worth it just to be able to see and learn about the vaults.

Sort of a disappointment.
It was hokey-er than I expected.
Not scary at all.
Was hoping to experience something more interesting/intense.
I found it mildly entertaining for the novelty of it.
My mom HATED it.
She is afraid of supernatural everything, but not this AT ALL.

Very interesting and entertaining!!!
We did the Underground City Tour during our recent trip to Edinburgh.
Our tour guide was Dave and he was full of information.
He also had that dead pan kind of humor which works well with this type of tour.
Let me begin with, these vaults are HOT!!!
No ventilation, so wear layers and undress the further you go.
Dave said people have passed out on these tours from hauntings...I'd be willing to bet it was from heat stroke!
Anyway, the vaults are very interesting and creepy.
The amount of information you are given will kind of blow your mind, but it is given in an interesting manner which helps you to retain a lot of it.
One vault is said to be the most haunted and that the ghost could begin showing signs of haunting you anywhere from 10-12 days after your visit.
Let me just say, about 6 days later we were in London finishing up our vacation when I had the strangest dream of a man hovering over our hotel bed.
Later that day, my husband noticed tons of fingerprint sized bruises all up and down my right leg.
Things that make you go hmmmmmm.
So, I would highly recommend this tour.
Not so much for the scariness, but for the history of it.
Oh, and for the chance to be haunted and get all bruised up.

Gerri with a G is a fun and informative guide!
Unfortunately we did not experience any paranormal activity, but we did learn a good amount of Edinburgh history.
Thank you Gerri with a G!

Highly entertaining tour with a fantastically enthusiastic guide (Gerry with a G), definitely recommended!
We were lucky with the weather as the majority of the tour is outdoors (we did the double dead tour so saw the vaults too), and it is highly advisable to book online in advance (the tour sells out well in advance).
Great historical information, although it is to be kept in mind that it is an entertainment tour first and foremost, having been designed and written by noted novelist J.
A. Henderson.

We did the Double Dead tour (includes both the Underground City and Graveyard tours) with Gerry as our guide.
We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and will probably go back to do the individual tours next time we are in Edinburgh.
The Double Dead tour is a bit rushed, so you don't get as many stories or time in each place, but it was still a great tour and I would highly recommend it if you're pressed for time and want to do both!
Gerry was a great guide.
While we were walking, he was singing a little song about the plague...it wasn't loud enough for the whole group to hear, so if you get him as your guide, try to walk close to him and listen to the words.
It was very clever!
No paranormal activity on our tour, but still very interesting and worth the price of admission.
See you next time!

