Excellent!
We just found out this place opened 3 weeks ago and we wanted to try it right away.
It use to be a Number One Brother's Pizza location but Two Hippies came and added some color.
We had the 16" pizza and dozen wings for $12.99.
The wings and pizza tasted great!
They also have yummy sounding sandwiches and calzones.
The inside has a kids play area in the second area of the dining room and it was very nice for our son to have something to do.
They also put Sponge Bob on the tv for him.
The wait was very short, which was great because we were hungry.
This is worth a drive if you don't live in the area.

I stopped into the hippies tonight and tried one of their burgers.
The service was fast and courteous.
The burger was delicious!
I had it with grilled onions and bacon yum.
I will be back!

My husband I have tried most all of the Two Hippies in the valley and have loved them all.
This was no exception.
$5 burger and fries, $6 cheesesteak and $2 2 liter of soda.
This Two Hippies is very spacious and the staff was very friendly and attentive.
We will definitely be back.
Oh and a plus unlike the other Hippies joints, this one takes Amex and other credit cards!!

hey hippies, i love it, when the two of you open pizzerias, in the avenues especially when, it's on ave, forty-three that's almost, one hundred, blocks away from me!!!
so i won't be tempted, to one-day, drop back in i asked y'all once, and i'll ask you again please stop it, you hippies, your pizza is bad the burgers and fries, other things i've had are fine for five bucks, nope, can't fault you there but for breakfast or pizza, it's buyer beware take my advice, and cross this off your list of places for pizza, it's a miss not a hit sure they'll toss a pie, but don't toss 'em your dough there's so many other, good places to go then again, some might eat it, hippies, I suppose right after they fire, a big ganja bowl 'cuz then you'll eat anything, remember it well colombian gold, nag champa, the smell of weed, from my dorm room, you'd need it, to eat the food that they served us, that mystery meat but dudes, i digress, back to the two hippies out in the avenues,  the store's pretty nifty posters and nik naks, tacked to the walls cool clutter, kitschy, but hey, aren't they all?
two things shared in common, these pizza joints, guys a funky décor, and a really bad pie  (two stars for pizza only.
burgers are a-ok)

Well you little hippies get my vote!
Tried a slice today and it was yummy.
Just plain cheese ordered extra cheese but it was just what I wanted.
Nice thin crispy crust, cheesy and delicious!
Just one buck yes yelpers love that I can get a cheesy slice for a buck!
The wings are oh so good.
Cooked just they way I asked for them!
Medium was the ticket nice sauce!
Good sized wing and a dozen goes for only 7 bones!
The prices are right.
$8.00 large cheese pizza, $1 each additional topping $7.00 a dozen wings $5.00 Spaghetti with salad and bread sticks!
$5.00 Burger  $2.00 fries (big order)  They have hoagies and steak sammies!
Fried zucchini, mushrooms, cheese sticks and onion rings for only 3 or 4 bucks.
Glad I have you hippies in my hood!

I have been to many of the Two Hippies & have always loved it.
This was my first time at one of the pizza shops.
I went in on a Sunday at lunch time & it was like a ghost town.I had a slice of cheese pizza it was ok. Not super impressed with the place.
The prices were very good.
The Staff was nice a Sort of creepy nice but nice.
I just wasnt impressed with the place didnt really have the Two Hippies vibe to me.

Food is good prices are cheep.
The staff is so nice its scary.
We just moved back to Phx after 20 years and Im happy to have found good food just a block from the house.

I had been wanting to try one of the Two Hippie's establishments that are around this side of the valley for quite a while.
When I did, I was very satisfied.
The first time I ordered the Chef's Salad.
The second time I had pizza and wings.
I am not normally a wing fan, but this place made me a believer.
I love their wings.
In addition to the food, the service is amazing.
The owners are very social and tend to come by your table and talk to you while you are waiting or eating your food.
It is a really nice experience.
Plus, you have to see their super large fish in their fish tank!

