Stopped in The Lounge after attending the Dinner for Breakfast event at Scramble.
IT WAS DEAD.
Evidently, they haven't had the grand opening yet...just finished everything out and are working out the kinks.
This is a GREAT little place.
Very swanky and hip.
Well designed with a good variety of high end liquors.
Ultra sleek interior with white leather lounge chairs.
They even have Peroni on tap.
I would however say if you are a beer lover...THIS IS NOT YOUR PLACE.
I only saw three or four different beers available.
The menu looked great but we did not try anything.
The bar tender was AWESOME.
Strong pours.
Very friendly.
Great Attention to us.
We really liked the place and I hope that they do well.
I can see this being a great happy hour or end of the night stop off.
I would recommend you give it shot.

3.5 stars -- Somewhat reminiscent of Sidebar, this place has potential!
I'd venture to say adding a happy hour is about all I need to bump it to 4 stars.
(Of course, a crowd would be cool too but I'm sure the owners want that even more than I do!
So, get out there, guys!!
)   Last night, I enjoyed a scrumptious keylime martini ($8) which went down way too easy and a glass of Hey Mambo ($8).
Snack categories range from bruschetta ($3 a piece) to house made potato chips ($3), pizzas and nachos to hummus and grilled veggies (mostly $8-9).
We ordered the potato chips which were well salted and not too greasy, but they were a little slow to come from the kitchen which appears to be shared with its sister, Il Posto.
The Lounge offers a chill vibe.
In addition to the funky furniture and light fixtures, Magic 8 balls are scattered through the room -- Fun conversation starter!
Morris J. is right, the beer selection is mediocre but if you're looking for a cocktail or a glass of wine, this place is a real neighborhood gem!

I joined my gal pal Chrissy P for a drink at The Lounge last night and I was pleasantly surprised.
Like she said, it is definitely the Sidebar of Sunnyslope!
We had great, friendly, attentive service from Chris (and he wasn't rough on the eyes, ladies!!
) and he was pretty knowledgeable about the drinks.
I opted for a red wine flight and was pleased with the selection.
There were two cabs, two zins, a red, a pinot noir, a merlot, two malbecs, and another choice or two.
Mostly from California.
The flight was $9.
They had a ton of variety of chairs and areas to sit, which was really awesome.
You could sit on the high-tops, share a table for four in big white contemporary chairs, grab a normal table by the window, or opt for these really huge oversize comfy purple chairs, which we did.
Mellow lounge music played over the speakers and there were several TV"s with relevant sports on.
The Magic 8 Balls were a cool touch.
The place has a really good vibe.
I dig it.
The food selection was made of appetizers, but unfortunately as a gluten free vegan, all I could eat were the freshly made potato chips.
By unfortunately I mean "THANK GOD" because they were delicious!
Overall I am really jazzed about this place!
A quick five minutes away from my house, this is the perfect way to wind down from a stressful day!
I hope they adopt a happy hour and add some more vegan items to the menu and I will become a regular!

Stopped in again last night after dinner at Il Posto.
Still love it.
The new bartender, Russel, is great.
Russel offer some very personal service and took good care of us.
Good spot..check it out.

Thank you for finally opening a fun bar in Sunnyslope!
The wine was great and the Bruschetta was excellent!
I definitely recommend checking The Lounge out if you live in the area!

Thanks for this "strip mall" development.
From scramble, Il Posto, burger studio to my Vet and now this spot, right on!
Honestly, this place needs a bit of seasoning.
The music playing the night I was there blew.
Definitely did not match the decor/theme.
This place needs a downtempo DJ or some internet radio playlist.
FYI, Itunes lounge fm under electronic music theme.
Word of mouth is the best advertising and this place simply hasn't been here long enough to gain a following.
Beer selection is lack luster, happy hour invisible, amount of people hanging there countable on my two fists.
This is a local-oriented, upscale bar that is severely needed in a great residential neighborhood.

This was our first time visit and we were not impressed.
Although the place is very trendy and relaxing they need to establish a more extensive happy hour, menu & drink.
We heard the place needed to improve on the food taste so we limited our palates with the fruit & cheese plater (13.00).
It was extremely disappointing, fruit was not seasonal tasting & cheese was the same only cut in different ways, not good!
We were afraid to venture further...
The only great thing was our bartender, Chris.
Great service from him, friendy in every way, I'd recommend him and bipass the food.
Because of him  if the menu improves along w/taste we'd be willing to try again and recommend to others...

On a previous review I unfortunately did not mark any stars.
I would definately give 3 stars on rating them.
Sorry Lounge, you deserve better than 1 star.

Cool atmosphere, very modern and chic.
Prices are kinda high, but tuesday nights are $3 nights so I suggest going then.
Good place to go have a drink, but don't go if you're looking to get hammered - you'll go broke and they'll probably kick you out.

The Happy Hour menu is very good, they changed it.
We got 4 beers, a pizza and an appetizer for $25.
Definitely will be going back soon :)

I had heard good things about The Lounge.
Every age group should be able to find a nook they like (barflies: bar stools; mods: white leather chairs--that's where I sat; my parents: the burgundy tinted Victorian chairs in the entry way; overflow: tall tables on the edge of the room; families: the mushroom-like stools near the windows).
I enjoyed the music, it was just the right amount of lounge-y.
There's a happy hour until 6:30 during the week; which includes three discounts on the food and some on well drinks and beers.
Il Posto appears to supply the food and if you've read my previous reviews, I'm not a huge fan.
But, I'll admit, the appetizers were serviceable (we ordered crispy bruschetta bites, cheese pizza and fried zucchini).
However, food isn't the reason why you'll find me in a bar.
I started off with an Old Fashion ($8) their version of an Old Fashioned, which featured Four Roses Bourbon as the main ingredient.
I was hoping for more of a 'Bourb (a la The Parlor) experience, but turns out this tasted a lot like cinnamon schnapps.
Not my style.
After that, I went straight for the Makers on the rocks ($7), as they didn't have Jamesons.
I tried my friend's sangria ($8) and it was mighty tasty.
The waitstaff and bartender were incredibly attentive and helpful.
Overall, I walked away thinking it's a very nice addition to the 'Slope.
Looking forward to biking over in nice weather.

I heart The Lounge!
It's the perfect classy neighborhood bar where they'll literally always remember your name and your wine choice.
Chris, the bartender, is easy on the eyes and knows his wine.
I live in Scottsdale and this is one of my favorite bars.

My apologies for taking so long to update my review!
3.5 stars - pshaw!
Probably my favorite neighborhood stop for a cocktail!
GREAT drinks -- just tell Chris, the bartender/host, what type of drink you like and he'll hook you up with some sort of fantastic concoction!
The service is outstanding.
Always striving to ensure we're having a great time and willing to go above and beyond to meet our needs.
Even "opening" the kitchen after it had closed for us to get some late night eats!
And there's happy hour, now!

I had my first experience at The Lounge last night.
I have to say the drinks were AWESOME!
A few of us dropped in after the Home Tour.
My boyfriend and I just gave the bartender our taste/flavor preferences and Chris the bartender did more than deliver!
I had been wanting to try the Whip Cream flavored vodka for quite some time and Chris mixed me up an orange-creamsicle tasting drink with it.
My boyfriend had the Tokyo Tea which uses Midori alongside traditional Long Island ingredients.
It's great to find a nice lounge without having to drive too far from home.
The service was awesome, very friendly and personal.
This is a great place to take a few friends and just enjoy some good drinks and good company.
I can't wait to go back and try the food and more of the delicious drinks from Chris.

I came here on a Saturday night a few weeks ago and it was DEAD.
The bartender made it pretty clear that he was keen to leave.
Don't get me wrong, I felt in no way pressured to hurry, but I got the point in any case.
To give the benefit of the doubt, the others at the bar seemed to be regulars so perhaps he felt more at ease about expressing himself.
The interior is nice, but this place did not give a very good first impression.
I will give it another shot though.
Hoping to give a higher rating next time.

Finally stepped into The Lounge yesterday for happy hour.
Actually, we stopped in on Wednesday, but their computers were down when we dropped in.
Told the bartender we would be back.
Think he, Chris, was a little surprised to see us return.
The setting inside was perfectly set up for anyone to enjoy.
Whether alone, with your main squeeze, or a group of friends, this place would be a wonderful spot to enjoy some drinks in a more upscale setting.
We ended up chatting up some other first timers sitting at the bar and it just seemed so natural that we should be visiting with others here.
That was the vibe we got.
We are pretty congenial regardless, but this place made it easy to want to visit with others.
Chris was super attentive, informative, and just down right cool to chat with.
He made sure we were well taken care of, made some great recommendations and was one of the best bartenders we have had the pleasure of interacting with.
Your best choices here are with wine or alcohol.
This was not a beer swilling (limited selection as far as I could see) joint, so bring your wine, whiskey,or wodka game.
They had a pretty big Lounge specials drink list.
Didn't try it, but looked like some very creative thinking went into them.
Felt like some bar food, so I gobbled down some fried zucks.
Can't say anything other than they are regular ol' fried zucks.
Jeannie wanted a salad, so she ordered off Il Posto's menu and selected the Field of Greens.
Chris heard she liked scallops (she talked a lot about ...SCALLOPS), so he asked if she wanted to add them.
Course she did!
I was again allowed to try one.
Can testify that they were very tender and fresh!
She really liked her salad and of course enjoyed the scallops.
We will be returning for quite a few more happy hours!
Maybe any other hours we can open up in our schedule also.

GREAT BAR!
I have been here twice now and have no complaints!
The bar tender (Chris) is outstanding and nice to look at...He is great at keeping the patrons happy and keeping the conversation going!
The Lounge also carries my favorite gin (Hendrick's), which is not extraordinarily common in bars around here.
The atmosphere is pleasant and the people here always seem friendly.
It has never been crowded when I am there, which is fine by me.
I am almost afraid to give such an outstanding review, in fear of it becoming popular, because I like this little gem that Christina P. introduced me to just the way it is!

What a posh, fun, hip place The Lounge is!
Chris is awesome.
He knows his shit, is nice to talk with, and can make any type of drink you could want.
He's confident and it is quite obvious he enjoys what he does and takes making the place as great as possible quite seriously.
We didn't eat, but looked over the menu and it looked really good.
A nice variety of foods and drinks.
Slightly overpriced, but not too bad.
Happy hour seems the best time to come.
The decorations and decor are a fun mix of class and hip.
We felt really comfortable and enjoyed the relaxed feel.
The pics Yelper's have posted are very accurate and depict the ambiance very well.
*Perfect place for a date.
Can't wait to head back and try some of the other drinks and have some food.

I was so looking forward to the excellent food and service I had experienced here before.
Bringing friends who listened to my raves about this cozy but chic lounge right near home.
How disappointed we all were.
Not sure if it was an off night but the caprase salad paled in comparison to what I had on previous occasions being served on yellowing, hard tomato slices, water that tasted like soap and an over all funky smell seemed to almost border on pathetic.
A few positives:  our drinks were great, the pizza was delicious and the waiter caring and attentive but looked overly tired.
We will try it one more time.
It had really been a find in our community so hopefully it was just an off night.

definitely a lounge.
pleasant music but not too loud to hear your pals.
awesome bartender.

Stopped by here post Art Walk on 10/8 at Sunnyslope.
I loved the atmosphere.
Very relaxing, loved the chairs...so inviting.
Great place in the neighborhood to relax, and unwind.

First place that has ever moved me to actually go to the trouble to write a review.
I found it thanks to other great Yelpers.
Everything was true.
Great atmosphere,  Awesome music and Wonderful bartender!
Thanks for the gummy bear martini Chris!
Spot on, I tell ya!
We need more places like this in Phoenix!

Try the flat breads and the little hot dog poppers!
MMMMMMM!
As always, Chris was awesome

Meet some friends for drinks...as always Chris made our visit awesome.
Every time we bring friends here, they love the place!

This place looks like it should be so chic and fun, but really it's just sort of...sad.
The decor and setup is actually really great, but our server seemed to be opposed to actually speaking words to us as opposed to just standing by our table silently and waiting for us to notice him and give him our orders unprompted.
The food was exactly as mediocre as possible.
The house cocktails were decent, but overpriced.
We came here on a Saturday night and there were only like 6 other people there.
It's just....in a strange area of town.
If they moved this place, exactly as it is, to a better location, it would be hoppin for sure.
But they need to upgrade the service and the food first.

Best.
Cosmo.
Ever.
Ask for Chris.
He know's his cocktails AND his wine.
Just tell him what you like and he will mix or match you up with something splendid!
Besides having the best bartender in town, the  ambiance is chill and the food is delish.
A hidden gem in north central Phoenix.

Most creative bar tender EVER!

I usually don't do reviews but this place is a hidden gem.
This is a great bar to hang out at after work or take a date.
The bartender, Chris, is awesome and the rest of the staff is fantastic.
They really made me feel welcome, like a friend they hadn't seen in a while, from the first time I went there.
The decor is kind of old school with a hip modern twist.
The music isn't overwhelming but a good mix of blues, Motown, and modern tunes.
Drinks are awesome, especially the martinis.
The people who rush up 7th st. after work or on weekends are missing something.If you live in the north central part of the valley, forget Scottsdale or downtown Phx.
Go local and stop by The Lounge.

Very nice, upscale bar.
It is next to Il Posto.
It is owned by the same people who own the Italian restaurant next door and also Our Gang in the same complex.
They have some of the best pizza around!
The homemade potato chips are a must try.
Their salads are very fresh.
It is kind of a sports bar with large screen TV's.
We were there on a Saturday night during football season watching the game.
They had the sound turned down and were playing music.
The table next to us were there to also watch the game.
We asked if they could turn on the sound to the game and they did.
They said they usually only have the sound for the NFL games.
That was pretty good.
They have a  kind of co-ed bathroom in the bar but you can also walk through Il Posto and use their bathrooms.

I live in the apartments right behind this bar.
its the only bar in my immediate neighborhood that i go to frequently.
Very high end on the inside without any of the funny business you get just down the road at some of the other bars nearby.
(if you know the area you know exactly what I'm talking about).
But back to the review.
the use the same kitchen as il posto next store, but have a lot of their own dishes as well (try the Mediterranean fries!
) As for the drinks, after all it is a bar, they having a variety of specialty cocktails and a great bartender (chris) that is sure to mix you up something you will love.
Lots of beer and wine to chose from.
Generally play indie rock with the games on a couple TVs.
Very chill place, great for a date or an after dinner drink.

This bar has become my go to bar.
Its very nice and modern and the service is always top notch.
Its never very crowded which could be a good thing, in fact its usually quite.

What a great little place!
I don't think we would have ever discovered it without Yelp.
We had an hour to kill between dinner and meeting up with friends.
It's a cool, sexy little place tucked away in a strip mall.
I really enjoyed the music they were playing (Zeppelin, if I recall) and it was at good volume - loud enough to enjoy but not so loud I couldn't hear my husband.
They have an extensive and interesting drink menu.
I highly recommend the Maple Bar.
I would definitely love to come back when we have a bit more time.

The server we had is a really nice guy.
Loved the atmosphere it is as you would expect a nice lounge to come sit and enjoy a drink or two with a friend.
I don't know if i would necessarily come here for food, but for a more "adult" kick back with some friends this place is a must....And when i say adult i don't mean strip club...

Nice upscale bar with great atmosphere.
Bartender Chris Russell is great!
He made our visit the best.
We will definitely come back!

Seriously - this place is the best kept secret in the valley.
Terrific atmosphere, it's almost out of place (in a good way) in Phoenix.
Go and enjoy.

I love this place,  it's cool,  upscale and very modern.
In addition to the great food and drinks the bartender is the best bartender I have ever incountered.
Honestly I had been there once or twice and didn't get a chance to back for a few Months and when i did he not only remembered my name but he remembered my drink and what I ate

Amazing spot, great drinks, great seats, all erased by this idiot serving my pretty good cocktail.
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.
I thought it might have been just a bad night, so in my foolishness and hopefulness I came back twice just to make sure that there's more than one idiot in the room.

