Take your USB pen in, wait a few minutes and your dissertation or lengthy essay will be copied, stapled and even bound in an instant.
Quick and efficient this copy centre is ideal for getting your work printed out in time for that looming deadline.
One word of advice, don't use the service to print out small amounts of work (2-3 pages) as they charge a minimum amount for any print.
I found this out the hard way.

I stumbled onto this place by accident, I wasn't intending to find it, but when I was wasting my time walking about the DHT before a lecture, I found it!
The DHT copy centre is a place where many students have no idea exists, indeed it is only really students who stand in elections or are needing their dissertations printed that know of its existence!
With its late sixties/early seventies decor, it's incredible that the DHT copy centre actually has computers and photocopiers!
Photocopying and printing are cheaper than other places within Edinburgh but I would advise not to use it for small amounts of printing as you would be cheaper doing that in the library or in the Hugh Robson building.
The one thing I have noticed over the years is that the staff are helpful but have probably got so fed up of students over the years that they aren't the friendliest bunch at times - at who can blame them!

Matthew speaks wise words - this place is only known by students who need dissertations printing, or are standing for an election.
It was for the former that I used the Copy Centre at the back end of last term.
This very important tool is located in the rabbit warren of corridors that make up the basement of the David Hume Tower, and the nearby lecture theatres.
Rather than spending a long time trawling the city for a suitable place at which to get my printing done, I went for the easy option.
All I needed to do was take a USB stick in with my document, saved in a PDF format, and they did the printing in a matter of minutes.
It was quite busy on the day I went in, as dissertation deadlines were looming for a number of courses.
Prices are very reasonable - I think I paid around £7 for over 100 pages of printing and binding for the two copies of my dissertation that I needed.
Be warned - colour printing is a lot more expensive.
I nearly found this out when I discovered that a header on all my pages had a bit of colour in.
To do this amount of printing in colour would have been more like £50.
Understandably, I made sure everything was black and white before the printing was done.
I can't fault these guys for the job they did, or the service they offer.
Why look around when there is a great copy centre within the university.
I think there's also one at King's Buildings for all the scientists, so even they can enjoy it.

