If you're out at Fountain Park and you're killing time before your film or waiting for your lane at the bowling alley, this is quite a fun way to waste half an hour.
The orange and purple décor doesn't do it many favours as far as I'm concerned, but on the plus side it's much bigger than the only other casino I know of in Edinburgh, on Queen Street.
I only ever really play on roulette or black jack, but I did see loads of other poker tables, as well as a whole load of other ones for games I've never even heard of.
I went once with my boyfriend for the package deal that Fountain Park offers: it was something like £13 for a 2 Course meal in the Casino's restaurant, and voucher for a free spin of the roulette wheel and a cinema ticket for a film of your choice.
There's no denying it was great value for money, given that a film would have cost almost £7 on its own otherwise, but the restaurant was by far the worst part of the deal.
The food was bang average, and the waitress didn't have a clue.
Good for frittering away your student loan, not good for eating.

There are two main benefits of this casino: its location and the fact it always covers all the boxing fights.
Being a fan of watching the boxing means that in all honesty, the only real reason I've come here is to see a few boxing bouts, so as far as I'm concerned this is the main selling point of the place, not the chance to gamble your money away.
I should point out that it also offers a great £16 deal from 6pm which comprises of 2 courses, a free £5 roulette bet and a free cinema ticket.
If you avoid getting too greedy and chose either black or white this can work out fairly well for you.
If it is a bit of gambling you are after then there is another benefit of this casino which is low minimum stakes.
Elsewhere you can have excessive minimum stakes which mean that after about ten minutes your out of money and very miserable.

I have to admit, a student should not be visiting casinos.
However, as years go by, a student starts to wonder if the casino would be a good place to make money.
However, sadly, it is not till after visiting that you discover that actually it is not a good place to make money!
However, apart from that, Circus Casino in the Fountain Park complex is good fun!
It has many gambling games for you to win and lose money.
Roulette, poker, blackjack and coin machines are all available.
I really only play roulette and have learnt the frustrations of the game!
You have to get membership to visit and recently the price has lowered.
When inside it has a restaurant which always looks dead and empty.
It also has a bar which charges outrageous prices for drinks.
You could spend hours in here, but as a student I would advise you to limit you stay!

nowhere sums up the dizzying highs and the terrible, crushing lows of modern life better than the casino.
A few lucky rolls at roulette and you're James Bond, ten minutes later, you're walking home in the rain, angry, depressed, and having lost every last penny in your account.
Whilst most casino punters are drunk, it's when visiting sober that the cold callousness of the system really hits you.
The draining of colour from an addict's face as his chips, and next month's mortgage payments disappear is counteracted by dead-eyed indifference on the part of the croupier.
Not always pleasant, but fascinating.
Still.
if you know your limits and treat it more as entertainment than a means of making money, you'll have a riot.

