What a cute little sweetie haven, you will be spoilt for choice with all the sugary treats here.
It seems that these retro sweet shops are becoming a growing trend and seem to be popping up all over the place.
Lickety Splits definitely has a lot more character than most and if it's wedding favours, gifts, childrens party bags or just some sweets for yourself you don't have to look any further.
It's a really nice idea for wedding favours and all you need to do is choose what kind of sweets it is you're after and Lickety Splits will gift wrap everything into little favours, very cute.
The decor is gorgeous with wooden flooring, quirky tables and polka dot patterns, it's very bright and airy and all the sweets are organised in glass tubs on fresh white painted shelves.
My favourite sweeties have to be the little chocolate cups they're so addictive and moreish.
I only found out about this place last week but I think I'll be popping in quite a bit now I know it's there, I could go for some fried eggs just now actually.

I many ways, I find these retro and ironic sweet shops to be something of a cancer on our city centre retail districts.
As many small businesses went tits up during the recession, cheap and nasty stores popped up everywhere with the main intention of rotting the publics teeth, in a trendy and self-aware manner.
I was somewhat shocked then, to find that I actually quite like Lickety Splits, and can say with some degree of confidence that it's the best of a bad bunch.
A little bit more effort and taste has gone into the decor, making it far less revolting to the eye than it's rivals, with a more understated exterior than the usual fluorescent pink.
This also has the knock-on effect of dettering the 16 year old mothers who often set up camp in this type of shop.
Admittedly, stock-wise it's just the usual sickly tat, but if you insist on falling for the retro sweets con, then this is probably the nicest place to do it.

There are a lot of candy shops like this nowadays, so technically Lickety Splits should be leaping through hoops to keep up.
But this store is decidedly different from the other, commerical outlets that are vastly becoming soulless the more they pop up.
Maybe it's the decor.
As Lynsey said, it's very cute and kitschy; retro with a modern twist without being "old".
Maybe it's the fact that it doesn't latch on to the new trend of charging a million bucks for a bag of sweets - they certainly didn't do that in the old days.
Lickety Splits seems more straight up and genuine, appealing to people who really are looking for old sweets.
They also do wedding favours and little treat boxes, giving this place a gift appeal that the other commercial stockists sorely lack.
Twee, girly and a bit whimsical, Lickety Splits is a great wee pit stop for all your sweetie needs.

Throughout the city there are seeminly hundreds of these places popping up - 'retro' sweet shops that charge vast sums of money for sweets that back in thier day would have given you enough pocket money left to buy some Pokemon cards or something.
Lickety Splits - aside from having a cool name - is something a bit different from this epidemic of crap sweet shops.
While places like I Heart Candy charge around £10 for a poor selection of sweets, Lickety Splits is most certainly on the cheaper side of this new craze for retro and American sweets.
Whats more, there seems to be a much larger selection of sweets for you to choose from, including some that I genuinly though I would never see again.
The shop itself is retro but in a modern way - and while I'm aware of the fact that is a juxtaposition, I really dont know how else to describe it.
Go look for yourself, you'll feel like a kid in a sweet shop.

This is a refeshingly cute little place in Edinburgh!
It looks delicious from the outside, the bright red paint always glistens and looks really glossy - good enough to eat!
And their displays are amazing!!
At Halloween I spend about 20minutes looking at everything in their window, because there was so much to take in!
It was closed at the time, otherwise I would have been in there in a shot.
So when I did go in I was amazed at what they had!
Blast from the past or what, I was taking a trip down memory lane as I was browsing all the candy they have in here.
The staff are lovely too, really professional and they enjoy their job, you can tell.
It makes all the difference!
It's relatively cheap too, compared to the other similar places.
The only thing I didn't like was the smell...it was sickly sweet and made me feel a bit queasy!

When I walked into this place I was promised "Retro" sweets, I was sorely disappointed.
Maybe it's because I come from a small town, but I can walk into any newsagents back home, and probably in most big towns and pick up all of these at HALF the price.
But if you need a topic for facebook, by all means visit.

As the name suggests, Lickety Splits is a cute store that specialises in all kinds of lip-licking and tongue teasing sweets.
The sign outside advertises Retro Sweets, Scottish Sweets and Traditional Sweets and there's jars of all three lined up inside on brightly painted shelves and cute wooden tables.
The staff are friendly and there's all kinds of sugar-rushing treats to choose from lemon sherberts and strawberry bon bons to cola bottles.
Anyone fancy sharing a packet of space dust?
Just shaking the packet, I can hear the hiss and crackle...

I'm sorry as if selling thee most adorable 'not vintage, but totally looks vintage, kitsch, quirky' Jewellery isn't enough you are going to fill your back walls with Jars upon Jars of sweets that remind me of my childhood!?!?!?........
Oh, ok, Go on then.
I will have a handful of the dolly mix and the bubblegum bottles if you please.
This little shop is so easily missed, but it just totally appeals to my sweet tooth and my Jewellery Magpie.
I want it all.
The ladies that work here are so welcoming, friendly and brilliant chat!
It made my day.
All I have to say is that the rings I ended up purchasing were a little on the pricey side (there was no price floating around anywhere that I could see, so I bought two), but it shall be worn with pride.
I actually even got a comment on how cute it was the exact day I bought it.
I like this little aladdins cave of all things sparkly and sugary, I like it alot.

Nerds and flumps and Jazz chocolate discs -oh my!
When the lovely Louise C brought me here to have a wee nosey at some of the sweeties they had on offer, I thought it would just be a wee sweetie store.
Not quite.
It's wee.
And it has sweeties.
All the sweeties from my childhood!
The ones that probably brought me close to ADD.
Fluroescent sweets like Nerds.
All the 1p mix sweeties - fried eggs, cola bottles and cherries.
But not like the modern-day reproduction ones you'd find at the cinema.
This was like stepping back to my first week at Primary school when I showed up every day with a wee plastic bag of 25ps worth of 25 sweeties.
My sugar addiction started young.
And the one wee Jazz chocolate disc I had?
Only 5p!!
Inflation seems to have skipped Lickety Splits!
One penny sweets are still a PENNY.
Not like the triple-the-price Twix and Toffee Crisp costs of today (day-light robbery I tell you.
How much can puffed rice and cheap chocolate have gone up to warrant charging 55p for a Toffee Crisp?!
)  Anyway, I digress.
Not only does Lickety Splits have all the sweets of my childhood, displayed in an adorable fashion that makes you want to ask for a modest 25p bag rather than a £5.99 striped bag a la Cineworld.
It also has a really cute range of jewellery, made in the store with things like maps of Scotland, cute wee owls and scrabble letters as rings, necklaces and charms.
As Louise C would say, AH-DOR-AH-BLE!!
I also really liked the cute touch of having childhood photos of the two shop owners on the wall.
A wee cherry on the E-number filled sweetie cake!

This place is a wee gem, on Jeffrey Street, just off the Mile and easily missed.
It's a modern take on ye olde worlde sweetie shops that I loved from my childhood.
I love that they have rows of sweets in jars and the pick n mix of what was,  in my day at least, penny sweeties.
Inflation over the last *cough three cough cough* decades means they are now a wee bit more expensive but then I do have more than 50p a week pocket money to spend on my sugar fix these days too!
There's all the sweets I remember, some that I don't, reinventions & new fangled sweeties.
Everything a sweet tooth could crave, by the bucket - or jar - full.
What's that little tub in the corner - cremola foam anyone?
Flying saucers, yum.
Sweetie bracelets & necklaces that make your teeth tingle.
So much choice I stood there like my five year old self in years gone by, trying to pick.
I couldn't decide so I bought a lot (strawberry bob bons, penny chews, chocolate cups, milk bottles, sherbet lemons & midget gems) & promised my wallet & my waistline that I'd ration them out over the coming weeks as a reward for every gym visit/run I complete.
(I'm not sure how successful that tack will be but here's hoping I refrain from gorging them all in one sitting when I get home!
)  But that's not all.
They also have fab gift/sparkly things made out of maps and scrabble tiles.
Very kitsch & cool.
I easily managed to tick a load of names of my Christmas shopping list here in this shop & it's local.
& I'll be dropping some hints to the OH for my Santa list too.
Now I've found you, I'll be back :)

