If you've got boobs of a certain size, your choices of bras are severely limited.
Obviously going without one is not an option, so thank god for Bravissimo.
The shop on Multrees Walk has a fantastic selection of bras for the well endowed amongst us and they've got all bases covered - sexy ones, practical ones, sporty ones, minimisers and push-ups.
They even do a range of clothes, so you'll never have to suffer from gaping shirts and ill-fitting wrap dresses again.
The fitters are friendly and approachable, making shopping there a comfortable and enjoyable experience - they're also specially trained so you can be sure you're buying the right size.

I spent my all important teenage years in the ballet studio which I like to think is the reason I am completely flat chested.
My mum has huge badongas so I need to have an excuse.
Apparently all my friends have Jordan style boobs, so we always seem to end up here.
It's like taking a Weight Watcher into a chocolate shop, so many things I want to buy but can't.
Generally when you go into Marks and Spencers and look at the larger bras, they just look like helmets.
But Bravvisimo brings the style and sophistication to the larger chested amongst us.
Watch out though, the bras are super expensive at around 40 quid.

Bravissimo just confuses me but they're doing something really clever that I'm surprised nobody has thought of before.
My friends all shop here and I decided to jump on the bandwagon so went along for a bra sizing and was told that I was a 28FF... a what!?
According to trusty old Marks and Sparks I'm a 32D which is a size that is stocked by pretty much anywhere that sells bras.
So you can imagine my problem when I trawled round Marks and Sparks and Primark looking for a cheap bra in a 28FF, they didn't have it.
In fact, the only place that had it was Bravissimo... funny that.
So, by making up sizes that you can only get in Bravissimo they have a huge following.
The prices are extortionate and while the underwear is very nice it's not really worth the price tag.
Perhaps for women with huge huge knockers then Bravissimo does the job but I'm still not convinced when Marks and Spencers has been catering for all shapes and sizes for years.
I'll stick with Marks.

I don't like bravissimo.
You get sent this magazine and it all looks wonderful, great selection and every size in the world available.
Then you go to the shop....their stock is skanty to say the least.
Pardon the pun.
So you're sent upstairs and instructed to give your measurements to the staff, who then go away for ages and ages and ages then they tell you they don't have it.
Most infuriating thing ever!
My mum is a very impatient lady - her biggest pet hate is queues, so imgine her disgust.
Her parting blow was 'i am going to yelp about this'.
Errr...ok mum.
But the thing is, I had the exact same expierance and was equally as annoyed as she, and so I feel the poor yelp is justified.

Ik had me kunnen losmaken uit m'n favoriete stuk van Edinburgh (the Old Town) en was eigenlijk op weg naar het nieuwere gedeelte.
Maar ... 'k moest door het winkelgebied.
De poppen in de etalage van deze winkel trokken mijn aandacht.
Hé, die zie er anders uit dan in andere winkels.
Voller, molliger en ... met grotere borsten.
Iets voor mij dus want ja, ik ben nogal "goed voorzien van oren en poten".
Ik daar dus binnen, op mijne sportief gekleed want ik had al heel wat kilometertjes door de stad en het park in m'n benen.
"Do you have an appointment for a fitting".
Euh ... nee, bij Hunkemöller bij ons haal je lukraak wat uit het rek en hangt het zuchtend terug als het niet past.
Ik mocht dus een uurtje later terugkomen.
De paskamers zijn leuk, wat "boudoir"-achtig knus en gezellig ingericht en ruim.
Een van de superlieve dames komt mee in het pashokje, ze kijkt naar de vorm van je borsten en vraagt welke maat je gewoonlijk draagt.
Opmeten wordt niet echt gedaan, ze gaan af op hun ervaring.
En dan komen ze met een lading toe in alle mogelijke stijlen en kleurtjes, je mag alleen passen of ze helpen je.
Ik bleek dus een te grote rugwijdte te dragen.... Uiteindelijk kwam ik er buiten met een goed zittende strapless (heel moeilijk te vinden in mijn maat, althans waar ik mij veilig in voel), een super mooi setje met wat frulletjes en kant (ik vond dat ik er uitzag als een slagschip hiermee, maar ja ik kan ze moeilijk onder m'n oksels steken én ik draag deze bh nog super graag) en een héérlijke sportbh (ga maar eens joggen met zo'n ding uit een lingeriewinkel van hier, auch).
De prijs viel best mee: rond de 50 pond voor een bh, als je een grotere maat hebt én je wil hier in België iets mooi en sexy betaal je zeker het dubbele bij een bekend merk.
Als je dan nog een paar bijpassende slipjes wil, ben je geruïneerd ....  Dus... als ik in deze geweldige stad ben, zorg ik ervoor dat ik me op een mooi setje van hier kan trakteren.
Je kan tegenwoordig ook online bestellen: bravissimo.com

