Spotting the quirky Zebra print exterior and 'Red Espresso' label printed on the window, I popped into the Zulu lounge hoping that the cafe would distinguish itself from the many other cafe's, snack bars in Edinburgh.
Indeed, the Zulu lounge is unique.
The 'Red Espresso' brand is a style of rooibos tea with a particularly zingy punch, nice and all but not something I make a habit of drinking.
The avocado, pear and biltong (dried beef) roll I sampled simply confused my taste-buds and left me unsure as to whether I liked such South African flavours.
As a lunch meal it was cheap enough (around £4) however I can't help but categorise the Zulu Lounge as a hit or miss affair, see what you think.

Walking up Morningside Road, The Zulu Lounge shouldn't fail to catch your eye.
The zebra print on the shop front, South African flag above the door and interesting name make for an intriguing appearance.
Inside the place is definitely more interesting than your avergae cafe with a whole range of ingredients which you can almost guarantee you wont have seen before.
It prides itself in serving red espresso which is meant to be a strong, aromatic and pungent coffee.
I had a 'Gatsby' which was a massive foot long bread roll filled with a really sweet cured ham with avocado and a this sauce which tasted like a cross between yoghurt and mayonnaise.
This was served with crisps for about £4.50 which was an okay deal considering it was quite a lot of food.
The roll tasted unusual but it was new, interesting and filling.
The Zulu Lounge is a great alternative to the usual greasy spoons and certainly worth a visit for a culinary trip on the wild side!

I wish I lived much closer to the Zulu Lounge as it is truly amazing, serving traditional South African dishes with exotic flavours.
Although it is quite small, it would be difficult to miss the zebra print shop in Morningside with a big South African flag.
The Zulu Lounge offers an extensive breakfast menu and the main meals are authentic South African dishes such as 'Gatzby', a filled baguette, and traditional South African sausage.
I had the smoked salmon burrito which was really delicious and just under £7 so it was quite expensive.
I think the burrito was a safe dish to order so next time I would like to be more adventurous and try their traditional sausage as one of the servers in the shop described the sausage as having a 'unique' flavour.
They also serve home baking, hot chocolate and, best of all, fresh muffins which are gorgeous.

My friend suggested this place and although I don't live too far away from it I had never heard of it.
I didn't try any food so I can't comment on that, but we did have hot chocolates which were amazing!
My friend got the spicey hot chocolate and I had the bueno nutella hot chocolate which looked pretty epic and tasted amazing!
I'll have to go back to check out what else they have on offer as the menu looked like it had some interesting things on it.

I just realised I never reviewed The Zulu Lounge.
I have been getting lunch and amazing coffee here for over 1, 5 years now.
They have amazing salads and soup with proper nice bread and the best coffee in morningside, possibly the best in Edinburgh.
The place is tiny but the take away prices are great.
Around lunchtime you have to be prepared to wait a few minutes as it is very popular.
If you want a nice and healthy lunch (they have unhealthier alternatives as well) this is the place to go!
They also have amazing looking cupcakes and other sweet stuff which I have been (just barely) strong enough to resist so far!

