Popping in for a notepad and few other items of stationary (to do my on field Yelp reviews see) I wasn't expecting anything more than a small, independent bookshop with a nothing special to offer.
I'll cut to the chase, this is exactly what Kay's Bookshop is.
The owner was a quiet and polite man and barely even made a fleeting glance at me when entering the shop, there was no music either which resulted in a slightly stilted and awkward wander around the shop.
Located in the Morningside area of Edinburgh this place will offer nothing to the average passer by.
Although perhaps when you pop in to have a look, something more exciting will happen.

The atmosphere of certain small shops can be detrimental to business if you feel like you're being watched and scrutinized or, even worse, harangued from the moment your enter to the moment you leave.
The size of Kay's Bookshop and the watchful eye of its owner leads to quite a terse environment.
He's a nice enough man but when I went in for a look around I felt paranoid that he thought I was a shoplifer or something and you could literally hear a pin drop for most of it.
The shop is quite nice inside and sells a fairly wide selection of books, both fiction and non-fiction.
There is also stationary with the usual ring-binders, notepads and pens etcetera.
It's all pretty reasonably priced with most books costing around the £8 mark and I would happily shop here instead of the usual Waterstone's and Blackwell's were it not for the terse atmosphere.
It could just do with music or something just to lift the mood a little.

If it's a new book you're after then Kay's Bookshop might be for you.
They fairly comprehensively cover all the best selling new books that you might want to buy so if it's a reasonable book you are after, you should find it here.
The only downside is that you're going to pay the RRP for these books - I mean even Waterstones has 3 for 2 deals.
As for myself, I've never bought a book from here.
I love the charm and feel of an old hardback and I can pick on of those up for a third of the price of the books here.
If it hasn't gone second hand yet you are best off here, but otherwise it will be cheaper elsewhere.

I've no idea how Kay's Bookshop have managed to survive the recession.
An independent bookshop in Morningside, it's much smaller than shops like Armchair and Edinburgh Books and lacks the ramshackle charm of secondhand shops like Elvis Shakespeare and Old Town Bookshop.
There's no roaring log fire, background music or sleepy black cats either.
On the positive front, Kay's is clean, well laid out and they have a small  section of recent fiction, literary classics, biographies and local history.
They also sell pens, notebooks and journals for budding novelists and yes, yelpers!

