9/24/12 Update:  I just returned home from my trip, and called the hotel about the error in billing.
It was handled promptly.
I am upgrading my rating  to reflect the quality of the room itself, not the office staff.
The room was clean, and the bed was comfortable.
The breakfast was good, and offered a variety of hot and cold choices.
Great place to stay just outside Phoenix.
9/13/12 I just had a charge for my room from this hotel show up on my credit card, even though it was pre-paid through Expedia.
Too be fair, I haven't called them about it since I haven't returned home yet, so I don't know how hard it will be to get my account credited.
I will update as things progress.
At this point I'm annoyed because it shouldn't have happened in the first place.

Friendly Staff, Clean Room, Gym, Full Breakfast with coffee!
Win  Only gripe I had was that the pillows were uncomfortable because they were more like throw pillows, but I just prefer flatter pillows anyways.
The best place to stay in Casa Grande.

Don't Judge A Book By Its Cover!
WORST night's sleep in 2 weeks of traveling!
We thought we'd hit the mother lode here!
The reviews were great, the building was new, it was beautifully decorated, and it had really nice little touches throughout.
BUT there was no soundproofing!
We heard the baby cry next door at midnight, and then again at 1:00.
We heard the people in the reception area - down the hall - at 3:00.
We heard the people in the breakfast room - down the hall - at 6:30.
We heard every word of our neighbors' conversation at 8:00.
The refrigerator was loud and kept going on and off all night.
The room even had an echo if we raised our voices!
I was shocked that such a new building had absolutely no soundproofing!
Unfortunately, all the noise made for the worst night's sleep we'd had in 2 weeks of traveling.
Impeccable details: - the bed was comfortable (except for the plastic mattress pad) - the pillowcases were labeled "firm" and "soft" to make it easy to distinguish  - the room smelled great  - coffee AND tea bags in the room  - a night light in the bathroom!
- a list of TV stations   The ugly: - the tile in the entryway and the bathroom was sticky  - long, dark hairs found throughout the bathroom - the plastic mattress cover was a nice idea to preserve the mattress, but made the bed far too hot for a comfortable night's sleep  - breakfast: rubbery scrambled eggs and the English Muffin was so hard you could have used it for a hockey puck

Great Pet Friendly place got a good nights sleep before heading back home and so did the pooches!
Breakfast didn't start until 7 am which I thought was late for travelers most start at 6 but whatever it's clean and easy on and off the fwy.

