This place only opened a few months ago, and at first everyone I knew who lived within dropping-in distance was really excited: a shop that sold absolutely nothing but pretty dresses and the jewellery to match... how could this not be amazing?!
Being within walking distance from Uni, as well as on the route back from uni to Pollock Halls, this place was always busy in its early days, myself included.
They stock more well-known labels like Yumi, as well as some other ones you probably won't have heard of.
The dresses range from casual, chunky knitted ones for mooching around in during the day, to dressy (usually really short!
) ones for a night out.
What's more, they range from £15-£65 so you'll nearly always find something to suit your budget.
However... as clichéd as it is, if something seems too good to be true then it invariably is.
I've bought stuff from here 3 or 4 times and every single dress has shrunk at least one size in the machine, even on a cool cycle.
If you can be bothered to hand-wash everything, then you'll love this place.
If, like me, you don't have the time or patience for that, then this might not be your best option.

Khorwa sells some really pretty dresses, making it a little gem in an otherwise barren area (save for nearby Armstrongs).
There are some really nice brands in here, including Yumi which Fiona mentioned.
It very much falls into the affordable London fashion category, stocking flowery tea dresses and frilly jumpers.
They had a great sale on when I visited the other day, with formal jackets coming down to a cheery £30.
But even the dresses at full price are only around the £25 mark, making Khorwa a good pit stop if you want something snazzy for a special occasion.
It's not absolutely crammed with stock but it is quality over quantity, which I would prefer over spending ages looking around somewhere tacky.
I like this shop's style and can see it being very resourceful for girls browsing on a lunch break from uni.

Like Fiona H. said Khorwa finally brought something different to this street- and by different I mean a clothe store that wasn't second hand.
The dresses and tops are quite cute and summery most of lesser known labels.
However, this shop always seems to be uncomfortably empty.
I hardly ever see customers here which is surprising as it's convenient location you would think it would be heaving.
It's prices are reasonable and great if you can't be bothered to trek down to Princess street.
Sizes on the other hand are a bit limited and a lot of the clothes require hand wash and no tumble dry- meaning you will probably hardly ever wash them.

I love dresses so I thought I was definitely on to a winner when I popped into Khorwa as it's all that they sell.
On entering the shop the assistant just ignored me and everyone else, almost as if she didn't acknowledge that we were there, we would soon go away which isn't the most welcoming to be honest.
However, I did like the fact that I was left to browse without being harassed every five minutes by someone on the hard sell.
I didn't exactly warm to Khorwa, some of the dresses were very pretty and a reasonable £20 and I noticed a beautiful tea dress for £19 but I couldn't help thinking that the dresses would have suited teens better than someone my age and some of them looked a little bit on the cheap side and you could probably find them in Internationale for much cheaper.
Most of the dresses are designed by "Yuki" and although some of them were nice and reasonably priced there were also a few that were a little bit more expensive and didn't really look that great.
I guess Khorwa is definitely worth a look if you're on the search for a new dress and you might find a hidden gem.

This store, primarily a dress-shop, on Clerk Street is an absolute gem, and I do hope they'll be able to move to a nicer location where they can get more exposure!
The shop is spread across two rooms, and though there are some tops and sweaters to be bought, Khorwa mostly sells beautiful dresses.
The last time I was there, I really liked their lacey and chiffon-like dresses.
They also seem to be into florals, which I'm not the biggest fan of, but one thing the dresses do all have in common is that they're quite young in design, so you won't find too many long, mature styles in there.

This place has been open for some time now and, rather oddly, never seems to have very many people inside save one or two.
There's a reason for this.
Take a close look at the stock and you will find it to be of a very cheap quality with little tears and loose pieces of thread coming from the garments.
I visited the other day and was surprised at how poor the quality seemed to be.
Add to that how unhelpful the shop staff seemed to be when questioned about the merchandise and it is safe to say this is a place to avoid.
Best advice would be to head further past Newington towards Princes Street to a plethora of shops offering quality clothes that do not look quite so cheap and will last a reasonable length of time.

