Many moons ago in my last year at school I decided to go to Herriot Watt's Open Day, I guess this was for two reasons;  1) The first being that they have a really good language department that offers a degree in translation and interpreting and they pride themselves in being the only University in the UK to offer this degree.
2) Perhaps the most important reason...
I probably just wanted a day off school.
To get to the Edinburgh Campus you need to take a bus from the centre of Edinburgh which takes 30-45 minutes.
The campus is in the middle of nowhere and to get a taxi after a night out it takes around 20 minutes and costs about £20.
As there's no rail link the choice is pretty limited so a night out would never be cheap or straightforward but I guess if you're sharing the taxi fare with a few other people it's not so bad.
When I went to the Open Day I went with a couple of friends from my school who both eventually decided to go to Herriot Watt while I decided to go to Glasgow Uni.
Funnily enough, they have both since left Herriot and reapplied for different Uni's both having a negative experience with their courses and the social side of life in a Uni that's pretty isolated.
Had I gone to Herriot Watt I would have had a completely different experience of Uni life, I would have moved out and experienced the whole University package of living in halls, writing my initials on eggs, marking the milk with a marker pen so I could tell if someone else had drank out of it and of course fighting over who's block of mouldy cheese was stinking out the fridge.
Okay... so maybe I don't miss that aspect of university life but I do regret not getting more involved with the social side of uni having not lived in halls and as a result am probably the least "studenty" student ever.

I didn't actually attend Heriot Watt, but visited my pals who went there on many an occasion.
This review is thus not about the teaching or courses (which I'm sure are good enough), but about the fairly unique atmosphere it has.
It's location out in the sticks just outside Edinburgh means it's often overlooked by those more concerned with clubbing than studying, but the self-contaned campus feel that results from this is actually probably my favourite thing about it.
I attended both the pretentious Glasgow Uni, and the businesslike, socially lacking Strathclyde, so seeing a campus with a community feel where everyone knew everyone else, was a breath of freash air on my visits.
There's some cracking 70s architecture as well, and if you say it fast it sounds like "hairy twat".

I really think this school has one of the most beautiful campus's I have ever seen.
Its not in the city so its not insanely busy, there is a beautiful pond and trails to walk on.
Theres a little mini park you can go study at when its sunny out and just lots of other pretty landscaping that makes up this campus.
I love it when it snows on it though at it reminds me something out of a Robert Frost poem or something.
I especially love the student union as I can unwind with a cheap pint after classes and tests.
They also have a massive sports program with 4-5 football pitches and an indoor football field as well.
Then there is the sports centre with racquetball rooms, a cardio area, and tons of other stuff.
As a paying customer for the education here I must say I really really enjoy the education of this school.
The teachers go out of the way to make sure you have all your learning materials and you have tons of resources at hand to help.
The library is also of decent size with lots of material for students.
The only thing I dont like is its very very hard to get a computer to work on as lots of students just go on them to check their stupid facebook and such when others need the computers to do actual work.
But otherwise I feel like I am getting a good eduction here and I really enjoy studying here.
The school has a pretty small pub at the student union.
It nice and cozy though and there is a good selection of beers and other anti-study stuff there :)  sometimes it can get a little packed but you can take drinks next door to the cafe.
The brewing school also does beer tasting events and they are awesome!
I dont know much about the student dorms, I am sure they are quite expensive but I have heard they got brand new ones that are quite nice.
But I cant tell you much about the dorms unfortunately .
So yes I really like this school and the campus and the staff.
I will always recommend this place to anyone who asks.

