I used to live almost next door to the Marchmont branch of Boutique, and yet I never once went in.
To me, it always just looked like one of those shops whose only ethos is to look as girly as is humanly possible, regardless of what it sells.
When I saw they had another branch in Bruntsfield, I decided to go in and see if I had been too hasty in writing it off, as several of my friends have bought some really nice stuff from here.
The clothes were really nice on the whole, although obviously with it being a boutique they were quite pricey, and some were the kind of things that you see in magazines and think, "Yeah that's nice, but completely impractical for anyone with a real life".
Also I find it weird that in such a small shop you can buy designer stationery, clothes, baby stuff, kids' toys and morocca pouffes - apart from anything else it means there isn't a huge selection.
Don't get me wrong, I'm sure this place would be where you'd find the perfect gift for that impossible-to-buy-for female friend or relative that everyone has, especially if she's into her designer stuff.
But apart from that, unless you're a local Yummy Mummy then there are probably other places nearby that you might prefer.

With airy dresses and sweet accessories and cards/stationary, this store breathes girlie all over.
It's a lovely shop and I love browsing through here.
There are some pretty neat notebooks and stationary not to mention the kids clothes section, which is adorable should you ever be shopping for a minor.
I have a week spot for their handbags, and bought one last year with parrots all over it- I still use and love it!
The dresses are also lovely and girlie.
The clothes section is rather pretty.
One would say expensive but it's the same prices as topshop- and to be fair a lot more unique.
True not the most practical items are available- the winter selection may be more for a winter in Cuba rather than Scotland, but if you are into your indie brand of clothing or know someone who would appreciate a gift like this,  then this is the place for you!

There are so many gorgeous clothing boutiques in Edinburgh each one unique and I love exploring them.
Bohemia is a little different to normal clothing boutiques due to the fact that it also stocks cards, stationary and little gifts ideas too.
In addition to this, they also stock Paul and Joe make-up which is gorgeous, there's currently stunning Alice and Wonderland themed compacts out and they are super cute, perfect for a gift or if you just want to treat yourself.
They have a gorgeous selection of designer kids clothing but you'd probably be too scared to put them on a terrible tot as they're too nice to get ruined.
They have some really gorgeous cardigans that I spied on my last visit and I was very tempted but had just bought a few new cardis.
I agree with the other reviewers that this little boutique can be quite pricey but I found that it's a bit more affordable than other designer boutiques and quite a lot of the items are reasonably priced.

Now this is my kind of store!
You can already guess from the name that this boutique in Morningside stocks some boho-chic fashion, which is what everyone should be wearing in my opinion, but that's not all.
I was wandering about town when I walked past Bohemia and I just had to take a look!
The place was overflowing with cuteness and pinkness (which very much appeals to my senses) and if I had to compare it to any other store I'd say it's a bit like Urban Outfitters, in terms of quirkiness.
It's just that they stock the most adorable knick knacks and odd pieces; accessories, some décor, soaps and lotions, the prettiest collection of Sicilian perfume!
Etc..   During my visit, I learnt that the owner Jenny lives somewhat of a charmed life, travelling the world and bringing back whatever trinkets catch her eye back to the store!
After managing to tear myself away from all that prettiness, I've got to say she's got a fantastic aesthetic.
Apparently, they've also got a Marchmont branch as well!

Bruntsfield is filled with quaint little clothing boutiques, and Bohemia is probably my favourite of them all.
Situated in the centre of the Bruntsfield area of Edinburgh, Bohemia is just a short walk from the city centre so it is a convenient store to get to.
Bohemia sells truly beautiful clothes which are hand made and are of excellent quality so they are guaranteed to last for years.
Bohemia sells a range of women's and children's clothes, as well as home and living goods.
There is a wide range of different designer labels in this clothes including Avoca Anthology, Odd Molly and American Vintage.
I love to come into this shop for a nosey round and I have been eyeing up an Old Molly checked blouse for a while now, but at about £150 I am a bit reluctant to buy it!
Bohemia also stock a lovely selection of bath and beauty products and the ones by Paul and Joe smell particularly gorgeous!
The shop has a really friendly atmosphere inside and the staff are always lovely and willing to help you.
Bohemia also sells jewellery, shoes and bags which are just as beautiful as the clothes.
I can't wait to come here and shop when I have more money or when there is a sale on so I can buy some of their lovely knitwear items.

