I love sushi but hate fish.
There is a contradiction in there somewhere isn't there?
Anyway as someone who can only stomach prawns or tinned tuna but enjoys sushi, Yo!
Sushi is perfect.
I love the concept.
Basically you sit at the counter and all the food is in little colour coded dishes which pass you by on a conveyor belt.
In the middle there is some Chefs rustling up the dishes so you get to see them making it which proves the food is fresh.
On the table there is soy sauce, Wasabi and ginger, so everything you need to complete your meal.
I'm sure you can order off the menu and consult the menu, but I just like to watch the dishes go by and pick them up.
However this can lead to you picking up everything that catches your eye which could result in a large bill, so be careful.
As a hater of seafood I was impressed by the huge selection of alternatives such as fried chicken (yes really) and vegetables.
There are some desserts which whizz past, but I was too full to have any.
Which says a lot because usually sushi leaves a little hole in your stomach, and I don't mean because it's off.
I think I got a little carried away picking things off the belt.
Its perhaps not the most authentic Sushi experience considering this is a huge chain restaurant, but I love it.

Disappointingly tiny, but a small Yo!
Sushi is better than none, and this is still one of the few saving graces of Edinburgh's Harvey Nichols.
I could eat raw chunks of salmon and seaweed salad every single day, and am more than happy to put up with the annoying sounds of screeching phrases piped in Japanese, La Roux music on loop, and wannabe urbanites to get it.
Despite the irritations, the food is great, and I'll grudgingly admit that the whole over-styled concept is actually quite good fun.
I'd still rather give my hard-earned to Oishii down the road, but Yo!
is all in all a tremendous sushi experience.
If you sign up to their newsletter, you get bargain offers galore so it's well worth it.

Conceptually, this place is a stroke of genius.
Sit at what is effectivly a bar stool, while different sushi dishes pass you by on a moving belt, airport baggage claim style.
Pick what you want, and pay depending on what you have chosen from a colour coded pricing system.
Firstly, the food is great - sushi isnt always my first choice of something to eat, but somehow I always manage to enjoy myslef at Yo!
Sushi - maybe its the fact that not everything is traditional sushi.
Theres a nice mixture of fish and none fish dises as well as some other little bits and bobs that add a bit of a change of pace.
It's a shame then that this place is so small - but I think thats what makes it such good fun to come and eat here.
It's modern, chique and very good fun.
A real winner.

This place has been a long time coming, and has been eagerly anticipated!
It's really cool too, and in one of the coolest places to be in Edinburgh - 4th floor Harvey Nichols.
Simon Woodrall, the man behind Yo!
Sushi, really was ahead of his time with these restaurants - the idea is genius!
The food is good too, but to be perfectly honest I'm really not a sushi person.
It was wasted on me, I didn't enjoy myself because of the food, but my brothers loved it.
It's all down to taste!

Located in Harvey Nichols, this is a very small branch of Yo Sushi indeed, but is nonetheless super tasty.
I'm glad to see that this place has plenty of good reviews as I find that Yo Sushi tends to get a slating for being too cool and not as authentic as other sushi restaurants.
I've never been to Japan but am hopefully moving there next year where I will finally be able to see what's authentic and what's not but I do know that pretty much every sushi restaurant outside Japan is in some way tailored to suit the tastes of the country it finds itself in so I don't get why Yo Sushi gets such a hard time.
Plus, they have a much more extensive menu than other sushi places including sesame seed seaweed and my favourite Dorayaki pancakes that I've never ever found in any other Japanese restaurant in Scotland.
Make sure you sign up for the newsletter as they often send out too-good-to-resist offers.

Whether it is genuine sushi or not (something I know some people will judge this place by) it is still very tasty, and the novetly factor has yet to wear off on me.
Although, in fairness, I don't think it is going for "authentic" considering the name and non-Japanese like decor etc.
Anyway.
I digress.
The food.
I met an old friend here for an after-work dinner, and it was perfect for such an occasion.
Despite being the second late-night Thursday shopping before Christmas it wasn't too busy, we got a table straight away (or rather a place at the large table) and could immediately begin eating.
MELIKEY.
I was starving, and the option to just grab something and begin noming really hit the spot.
There are quite a few things on the conveyor belt, but you need to order the hot dishes.
The waiter came over promptly, however, and the food was pretty quick too.
They also do the "specials" at this particular branch, which are only available at about 4 in the UK, so that was quite exciting.
I had, and can highly recommend, the aubergine, spicy chicken salad, vegetable gyoza.
The duck gyoza was perhaps a little underwhelming.
The katsu curry (my friend had) a bit 'meh'.
But the chicken ISO rolls were also delicious.
The only danger with this place is the food is constantly in front ofyou, and there are pretty much constant new things so our conversation was interjected with "oooo that looks amazing!
NOM!
" And I left feeling a tad full.
Also it was a bit more expensive than I'd hoped, but that's no one's fault but my own as I didn't count the coloured plates as I was going...Another great concept.
This is now going to be one of my favourite lunch and dinner spots either when I'm going solo or with a friend, in town.
It's quick, convenient, tasty, and novel.
Go Yo!

I wouldn't consider myself a sushi snob, but I do LOVE sushi.
In Edinburgh, this is my favorite place to go.
It's a bit silly and a bit forcefully trendy, but it is delicious and I like it!
You pick up plates as they move by on a conveyor belt and are charged at the end by color and quantity of plates.
The menus have a guide so you know how much you're spending.
Or if you're like me, you grab plates at will and are always surprised by your bill at the end of the meal.
To order hot food or special rolls, you press a button that makes lights flash and Japanese recordings start playing.
Occasionally, hot dishes like gyoza and shrimp tempura will glide by on the conveyor, but your best bet is to just ask.
If you're into mostly nigiri and sashimi, there will be plenty on the belt in front of you.
The location in Harvey Nichols is pretty cool, but can be a bit creepy if Yo!Sushi is the only thing open.
I once went around 7 o'clock on a Wednesday and felt like I was in a ghost town.
After store hours, you need to take the special elevator on the North side of the building.
The conveyor selection is also more underwhelming on slow nights, so make reservations for Fridays or the weekends.
The website has tons of deals if you sign up to clubs or go on certain nights (they change often).
If you can, sit in the back.
It seems like that's where the chefs tend to put out the new things and you can grab them before anyone else has the chance!

This place is the place to come to for a different dining experience.
I came here for lunch and had a good time.
Me, being indecisive had such a fun time watching the food go past me.
"ouu, whats that.. oh no wait!
that one!!
no.. oh damn.. can't decide.
"   The service was quick, wasn't the cleanest surfaces though.
Lots of leftovers from the previous customers hanging around the bar.
Must have been because it was busy though.
I've had better sushi.
But to be fair it was still really fun and tasty.
I would definitely do it again.
I say give it a go!
I think i had a salt overload though somehow from my soup.
I felt a little out of it and tired after leaving!

love this place for speedy filling food.
Even if you are not a sushi lover they offer a variety of soups ( that are refillable for free) and rice dishes.

Being a sushi-train addict in other parts of the globe, I was looking forward to my first Yo Sushi experience......and I wasn't disappointed!
The menu was a bit more complex than other places I have been, however, which made it interesting - trying to identify what things were before taking them off the conveyor belt became a challenge of multi-tasking.
It did, though, make it a lot like my first ever sushi experience.
A friend who had spent time in Japan with his girlfriend took me in and said that I wasn't allowed to look at the menu, that he would be paying, and I should take everything that looked interesting and just not eat anything that I didn't like the taste of after I'd tried it.
Which, I have to say, is a brilliant dining experience if you like finding new tastes!
I would never, for example, have known I love - LOVE - grilled eel if it weren't for this experience (for which I will forever be grateful!).
So, having that experience under my belt (or in my belt, as the case the may be), I decided to apply a similar fun spirit to fishing coloured plates off the conveyor belt at Yo Sushi.
The format is similar to other conveyor-belt sushi places, with the coloured plates telling you how much each dish is, refillable green tea (the first cup isn't complimentary as it is in some other places, but they do have unlimited refills), and a wide variety of sushi-style dishes.
My friend recommended the scallops which I eventually tried and they were good but there were three enormous ones on the plate, which felt like a huge portion after some tuna maki.
The tuna maki, I have to say, was incredible - at first, I didn't think it was tuna, it was so light, but it was fantastic.
Go easy on the chilli sauce that comes with it, though - I found this slightly overpowering but, if you avoid most of it, it gave a piquant hit to the tuna.
Tasty maki(ng)!
Overall, it would have been an expensive night without the 40% January discount, however, it was a good quality of food and a fun night, so well worth it.

Ok.......
what?!!?
An average of around 4 or 5 stars, for a Yo Sushi!?
You have got to be kidding me.
Right, here is my main issues laid out bare.
That food that circulates round on the little conveyor could have been sitting there for goodness knows HOW long!?
A proper Sushi joint..... made to order, oh and eh..... fresh.
I quite quickly got past the novelty of watching all the different food go round and round as soon as I tried it.
I don't think I have really had a plate here that actually had alot of flavour to it.
It is also pretty pricey, and walking through Harvey Nic's just to get to it makes me feel as small as humanly possible, as all those draped in Gucci and Prada strut their stuff about like it matters.
So basically, I am not a fan.
The staff, I can't really comment, it's not like they really do alot, you pick the plates up yourself!?
The price, totally not worth it.
The surroundings, pretentious and not my cup of tea and most importantly the sushi - not great.

Used to love yo sushi until I discovered Edinburgh's other Japanese restaurants!
Not to say I hate it, it still holds a place in my heart (mostly when there are 40% discounts I might add).
I LOVE the concept & it is a shame no independent places have picked up on it here.
The staff really are fab in this one, hence the 4 stars.
Ok the food is nice, I feel its too overpriced for what you get compared to what you can get else where (clearly not this branches fault!
) but the staff are always very fast, efficient & with a smile.
There are some really tasty dishes that bring me back to this chain, things I struggle to find elsewhere, the kasio salad I could eat every day for the rest of my life!
One of the only downsides of this one is that being in harvey nics it sometimes gets some really yuppy posh        types in... so you might have to endure Porsche & Chardonnay chatting about how "daddy only brought me one pony for my birthday" for an hour, which gets a little annoying.

I really wanted to dislike this place with it being a mass produced chain of averageness but mid shopping it actually hit the spot perfectly.
I ahte the Katsu curry which was as decent as ive had in the city elsewhere and the miso soup which also hit the spot.
Its never going to be wow but it sure is A-ok!!

The food is not good.
That is the bottom line.
You are going to Yo!
Sushi for the experience of eating food off conveyor belts or because you happen to be in Harvey Nics and are overcome with hunger.
If you actually like Japanese food, or have a desire to eat something of quality, don't bother with this place.
Overall, we said: "What Yo!
Sushi delivers is a quick and somewhat convenient way to put food in your face in the middle of a department store.
And the food is on conveyor belts.
If this sounds like fun, and it's certainly worth trying once to see if it floats your boat, then go for it.
Far be it from me to deny you your fun.
If you want to eat good quality dishes, freshly prepared to a high standard, go elsewhere.

Great place to grab some sushi - with food travelling in front of you (time stamped!
) my eyes were definitely bigger than my tum.
The hot dishes can ordered from the friendly waiting staff.
Plus points - you can chat to the chefs who are really obliging ( we asked for food direct from the chefs), waiting staff are just brilliant, food especially the hot dishes were totally yum.

I love a bargain me.
Yo!
has a 40% off January special, so I couldn't think of a better excuse to head for the conveyer.
It was a little busy over lunch time and we had to wait about 10 minutes for a table, we didn't mind though as you can sit and eat straight away.
The waiters seem to know that this is what the customers want as they're around taking orders for hot food almost straight away.
Yo!
turn on the light infront of you if you want to order, something I always forget to do.
Don't make that mistake, as I once waited almost 20 minutes for a waiter to walk by, getting increasingly annoyed and then more so when I realised it was my own stupidity.
Food wise, it's nice, not the best sushi I've had.
The salmon was a little tasteless which required more soya to get it going and as Jenny said below the Katsu a little meh.
I really can't get over the novelty of the conveyer though, and I keep wondering if the two second rule counts here as well.
Take it off the belt, examine it for 2 seconds and return if you don't like it.
yea yea I know, gross, but hey I left the lid on ok?!
:)  Prices are a little steep for my liking, I had 5 plates and paid £10 (water costs £1!
) but that's with the discount.
Full price would have been too steep for what you get.
So to sum up, good if you want a tasty quick bite with no fuss, but hunt around for a voucher.
You get them when you're on the mailing list, and when it's YO Birthday.

Underwhelming Service Shadows Good Sushi  I love Sushi, it is the one style of food I can always eat, but never go for it often enough.
Choice of venue was dictated by location, though we knew we were going for Sushi.
I like Harvey Nic's as it's an interesting place, their food market is quirky, good for gifts for people you don't really know, and the staff are pleasant enough, though slightly snobby at times.
The only other Yo!
I have been too was in London, and this was miles apart.
We were welcomed warmly and shown to the counter, asked if we had been before and the Monday special menu was explained to us.
Basically most dishes were £2.40, which was good news all round!
We were sat right in front of the sushi chef, while another chef was doing salads and hot dishes.
I love Gyoza (dumplings), Miso (soup) and all Maki and Sashimi (apart from eel which gives me the boak), that is all I want to eat when I come to a place like this.
What disappointed me was that the sushi guy was too busy handing his phone number out to potential employers, and not on keeping  an interesting array of sushi on the conveyor belt.
The other chef was doing more than his fair share, but there is only so much Edamame and Gyoza I can eatwihtout hankering for some freshly prepared seafood.
There were probably another ten people in at this time, it was around 3pm, and they seemed to be quite happy with their experience.
I felt a bit let down by the main chef, and there was also an on rather high level of banter going on for an open kitchen.
Don't get me wrong, I appreciate that this is an informal, relaxed style of dining, but we felt a bit ignored.
It's 3 stars because the food we ate was good, fresh, flavoursome, and very good value for money.
This was an OK experience, and I would go back again, it just won't be making it into my top 5 Sushi restaurants of all time - worth noting that my London experience would certainly be a contender.

I'm a bit of a sushi noob.
I absolutely love seafood, so I assumed sushi would be right up my street.
I've dabbled once before but my sushi was smoked trout so it doesn't really count.
I have always thought YO!
Sushi looked cool, so we decided to try it.
The staff member who served us was really lovely and took time to explain how it all worked.
I wasn't a big fan of the food.
I just felt that everything was quite bland.
It annoys me to say it, and I'm gutted that I didn't LOVE it because I really assumed I would.
Cooked salmon is definitely WAY better than raw salmon.
The conveyor belt was pretty empty as well and that annoyed me - it wasn't that busy, yet there were few dishes available and many were the same things.
I do intend to try sushi again, but I'm going to look for somewhere more authentic, I guess.
I know YO!
Is a chain so maybe the authenticity is lost slightly.
My sushi quest is to be continued...

Once again I had to feed my sushi addiction with my lovely girlfriend.
We went to the place and soon became very disappointed, thinking this was going to compare to the other conveyer belt chains we have been to.
But that was not what would happen, first off we were not impressed with the staff or at least the host.
They seemed almost put out that we decided to join for lunch.
Second, the atmosphere was to posh, as if we were not well off enough to eat here or snobby enough or something.
It just gave off that vibe.
Third, the prices!
It cost ,if I remember correctly ,something £1 for all you can drink tap water!
What happened to the days of free water.
Have we reached the point where water from the tap, even if the tap is at your seat, isn't free??
And last but not least the sushi was not even that impressive not for the price's .
The selection on the conveyer belt was small as if it wasn't a novelty to pick your food off a conveyer belt but a car assembly line of all the same parts!
Sorry posh sushi restaurant , you didn't impress me and I won't be coming back .

This is an update - service much better this time and even the chefs are talking to me, very cool and great value on a Monday ....

I love Sushi and for a chain Yo Sushi does it very well!
YO!
Sushi's food is fresh, seasonal and prepared daily by trained chefs right in front of you - they can roll pretty darn fast too.
You can choose from a tasty variety of over 90 core dishes, including sashimi, maki and hand rolls through to hot staples such as Chicken Katsu Curry.
Other items such as salads, tempura or desserts are also readily available.
The conveyor belts rotating with delicious offerings allow you to pick and choose colour coded dishes ranging from £1.70 to £5.00 - with all the empties simply counted up at the end of the meal for the bill.
With unlimited drink (water) offers; water on tap, green tea and miso soup as well as soy sauce, wasabi and ginger in front of you when you sit down, its really easy to get eating in a hurry.
The Edinburgh one is upstairs in Harvey Nichols by the way and its Blue Monday every day for January!

As far as fast food goes, Yo!
Sushi is certainly the top of the pile.
It corners the market in being healthy, tasty and convenient.
More so than any other fast food chain in Edinburgh.
Aesthetically, it does have a very clinical and impersonal feel to it but that is balanced out by friendly staff.
Service was quick and very attentive, with made-to-order hot dishes even coming out within minutes.
Having become a recent convert to Japanese food, and searching for the best authentic Japanese food in town, Yo!
Sushi wasn't high on my list of priorities.
But the food surprised me.
I had expected something of the homogenised, beige and disappointing imitation food you get at fast food chains.
What I ate was tasty, satisfying and, I'm not ashamed to say, the novelty value of eating off a conveyor belt after watching the food be prepared, is definitely enough to keep me coming back.
It's not cheap relative to other fast food prices but then again, this isn't your average fast food.
Consider me a fan.

This is A-Ok sushi.
Nothing to write home about.
Its appeal is in the delivery.
This is the sushi boat-style where dishes are prepared and set on colour-coded dishes and placed on a conveyor belt to wend their way past customers who chose at their whim.
I have seen this done on actual tiny boats, floating on a miniature canal in places in CA.
I understand the conveyor-belt theme is authentically Japanese.
At any rate, it's a conveyor belt at Yo!
Sushi and this is not a cheap way to buy and consume sushi.
I had a party of 3 and our bill came to about £70 once all the wee plates were tallied up.
I ordered something hot from the kitchen directly, the katsu curry tofu, but I did not care for it.
It is a curiously Japanese approach to curry in that it tastes like it came from a packet.
Everything else seemed fresh and nicely presented but it's pricey and kind of gimmicky.
Plus there you are, up on the 4th floor of Harvey Nick's with all those old ladies and their £7,000 handbags and spoilt teenage daughters with them.
There are probably better sushi places in Edin but this will do at a pinch.
My own, spoilt teen loves it, of course.

Yo!
Sushi may not be the best Sushi restaurant you can find - but it has a good standard, great locations across the country and is perfect for a quick healthy bite on your own - or a fun day out with a bunch of friends.
I love it when I'm out in town shopping and want to eat at an odd time and want something light and fresh.
The seaweed salad and cucumber maki always go down well.
When I'm with friends we end up trying at least half the menu!
Even non-sushi lovers can find something to try and still feel part of the fun.
And what I love the most is getting things that I normally wouldn't try at home.
Who wants to spend hours making sushi and end up with lots of just one or two types - when you can go to Yo!
and have a great selection.
But my number 1 tip is TRY the pumpkin koroake!
So creamy and sweet on the inside and cruchy on the outside - I have tried so many times to recreate these at home but just can't manage!
Tip number 2 - Cheesecake Moschi!
Get these as sooon as you sit down and let them come to room temperature.
By the end of the meal they will be soft, creamy and unctuous - in fact get 2 plates - you'll thank me for it later!

