I'd often walked past Leo's beanery on my way to and from work, and noticed that they always seemed to have delicious looking cakes.
So I'd sworn that I would go in at some point, however as I tend to meet up with friends for an alcoholic beverage, I rarely get the chance to try out cafes.
Yesterday though my pregnant friend asked if I wanted to meet up for a coffee, and so I quickly suggested Leo's.
I ordered the hot chocolate, and sponge cake, and I can't rcommend it enough the spongecake was deliciously light and moist, and came in a lovely large portion.
The hot chocolate was great, and an experience in itself, it appeared as a hot milk, and chocolate on a stick which you then melt in yourself to taste.
The good food and drink coupled with a chilled out and funky design to this cafe, and also lovely friendly staff means that if you are looking for a cafe in the Stockbridge and Newtown area, this place is a must visit

While walking down Howe Street in the cold Edinburgh drizzly all I could think about was having a nice hot drink to warm me up.
And how convenient it was that I spotted Leo's Beanery.
I had never heard of it before, but I was willing to try somewhere new!
Located on the basement level of the street, Leo's Beanery struck me as being quite a retro cafe!
The decor is modern and very welcoming.
However, it was also very snug, a great place to escape from the rain!
I had just a normal big standard tea, which was just what the doctor ordered, and it was quite reasonably priced!
As I sipped my tea I gazed over their quite extensive menu.
It had a range of cakes (which all looked lovely), sandwiches and soups!
A perfect range of foods for a coffee shop.
Also, the drinks menu looked tempting as well!
Leo's Beanery is somewhere I would venture back to due to its friendly atmosphere and retro look.
However, more importantly I will be going back to have a taste some of the fine food on offer!

I liked the concept of Leo's Beanery before I even arrived there.
This was for several reasons.
Leo's Beanery is a new-ish cafe in the New Town, and this is an exciting event.
I don't know how many times my finger has frozen due to a complete lack of inspiration when I get a text from someone, asking where we should meet for coffee.
Ok, fine, there are a multitude of places round Edinburgh to drink a half decent coffee, but I always try to keep it varied, so that I'm not sitting jaded and glassy-eyed one day in a coffee shop I used to love, but went to far too much.
Also, prior to making my way over to this new and exciting cafe option, I read online that I could expect coffee, tea and coterie.
Coterie...coterie?
Don't mess with my head here Leo's Beanery.
A group of people with shared interests and banter?
Do you mean that when I get there, there'll be other people that used to collect stamps, and who incessantly listen to old school dance, and who circle sentences in magazines that they like the look of?
if this is the case, then I fully embrace this coterie business.
The day I chose to go was a busy Saturday afternoon.
I have no issue with busy places if you're meeting friends, and it's almost always a good sign if somewhere is packed to the rafters anyway, but if I was coming along on my own, I would choose a different day.
I don't mind sipping away on an Americano and working when other people are around, but it would be nice to experience this place again in its chilled out form.
My friends and I sat at a table through the back, near a bookshelf, so if you do get stood up, this is a good place to sit, because it means you can swiftly grab a book and leaf through it casually, hopefully concealing the fact you didn't mean to come in on your own.
There is also a pretty awesome sewing machine as part of a table combination going on.
I want that table the next time.
The cafe has that comfortable, lived in look to it, and has definitely gone down the vintage route, which I like, as I'm always a bit suspicious of anywhere too gleaming.
For some absurd reason, I wasn't hungry enough to eat anything from the savoury menu, but I will be back to attend to this.
There were plenty of sweet choices to select from, so I went for a tasty and lightly sponged lemon cake number, teamed with a sturdy latte.
Both good, both worth returning for.
Oh, and there's free Wi-Fi.
This instantly reinforces the four stars.

not tried the food yet but looks good - but they deserve 5 start for their stylish blue out door tables and chair carefully positioned using the whole new town basement space - west facing so great place to catch the sun from early afternoon onwards.
Coffee was quite an unusal blend but supplied by Artisan Roast which should be a good thing,

With the nights starting to draw in, where better to avoid the elements and snuggle up with a large steaming cuppa?
This is a cosy little basement coffee shop in the New Town, and it's the perfect place to catch up with friends, or quietly watch the world go by.
Order at the bar and your teas and coffees will be brought over to you.
Nice that - and another feature which rates it higher than the faux-quirky chains.
Here it really is quirky.
The tables, which are beautiful by the way, have been reclaimed from old church pews.
I can't imagine a better use for them.
Praise the lord!
It's a little on the pricey side (best part of £7 for a coffee, cake, and can of OJ), but, saying that, the slice of Victoria sponge I devoured recently was ginormous.
Yes, ginormous.
And luscious, and light, and - dare I say it?
- moist.
I'll also happily pay a bit more for service with a smile, and at Leo's you're greeted like an old friend whether it's your first or bajillionth time there.

I was recently introduced to Leo's Beanery and wasn't disappointed.
The staff are helpful and friendly, the atmosphere is cosy, there's free wifi, and the food is mighty tasty.
Truth be told, it was the choice of home baked goodies that really won me over.

deceptively large, as you'll find when you step through the back and around the corners, this venue has a friendly, elegant and cosy feel.
i ordered a 'flat white' and trusty the usual 'cino.
they currently use steampunk coffee.
we got great milk temperature, warm but not scalding which allowed the rounded milk texture and flavour to come through.
great for coffee and a whole host of yummy fresh and locally sourced food

I don't venture out of the force field that is Old Town very often.
I want to, I'd love to... but I'm a "let's not mess with something we know is good" type girl.
I stick to my favorites, where I know staff and patron alike.
Leo's Beanery could be the death of all that.
I may take the mile hike to Leo's just for the Chai Tea (tea-tea) and the adorable family-like atmosphere.
It's family run, there's always babies all over the place and it looks like my grandma's 'den' (in a good way).
I felt like if I had (I didn't) just gone over and thrown up a fist to the very hot (and very married to a very hot woman with a very adorable baby) barista, he would have fist-bumped me.
Feeling like I could comfortably fist bump the owner on the first date?
You have successfully recruited me to some New Town visits.

Whilst out wandering around Stockbridge, I decided I needed haircut...so I hiked back up the hill to Howe Street to make enquiries at my usual hairdresser.
However, they had no appointments, so whilst standing on the pavement outside pondering my next move, I remembered Leo's Beanery was across the road...and that I was hungry!
This is a wee gem of a place, cosy, friendly staff and the kind of place you can quite happily eat lunch on your own!
I secreted myself at a table in the corner, and set about ordering.
They have a lovely selection of soups, salads, quiches and lots of tasty baking!
I ordered a Roast Vegetable and Halloumi quiche, and got a good size slice of something that made me extremely happy (wrapped up in perfect home-made pastry!).
It was a yummy salad that came with it too, and a delicious plate for £6.95!
From the varied selection of teas and coffees came my Early Gray loose leaf tea, with a flowery china cup, proper strainer and instructions on the timings for a perfect cuppa!
There's a lovely feel in Leo's...like being wrapped up in a warm duvet, with a good book and a steaming mug of tea, looking out of the window on a drizzly day.
Fortunately for me today the sun was out, and I had a nice walk home though the New Town.
Will be back soon...

Very nice indeed.
Good coffee and a slab of moist carrot cake.
Thoughtful little touches like stoppered glass bottles of water on tables and the most pleasant staff, builds on quality products to put Leos Beanery beyond the reach of good Edinburgh cafes and and into the great zone.
The food looked amazing, so have to venture back for something more substantial than cake.

Best breakfast and coffee in Edinburgh.

You know when you visit a new city and you find yourself wondering around town, really wishing you had a locals knowledge as to the best place to grab a quick lunch or a coffee?
We've all been there, right?
It really is pot luck finding that little gem - that little place which has just the right amount of charm, the place where the coffee is just the right strength and the lunch, well,  it's something to write home about.
Leo's Beanery is such a place.
It's one of Edinburgh's little gems.
It's perfect for Saturday lunch with a good friend, or Sunday breakfast to help ward off last nights indulgence.
The food is fresh, locally sourced, super tasty and it's great value for money.
It's almost impossible to recommend one specific dish, but the burger is a winner.
Don't forget to check out the specials board, I've never been disappointed!

Leo's has been very high on my 'to try' list for a while.
I've heard rumours of their Parsnip Cake, read tantalising descriptions of their burgers, and heard it described as a 'hidden neighbourhood gem'.
Cake.
Burgers.
Coffee.
A charming neighbourhood coffee shop?
I'm sold.
I didn't try either the cake or burger, but loved the place itself.
It's basement level, it's cosy, it's charming, it's homely.
The staff are genuinely, really REALLY warm and welcoming.
When I first entered and was looking around the girl from behind the counter smiled and asked how my day was.
I replied "well thanks" but rather than the standard "cool" she seemed actually interested and wanted to know more.
Service with more than just a smile.
They've got savoury food like pate (on the day it was venison with cranberry, wow) and burgers as mentioned (and reviewed by Conrad R).
They also had an amazing looking plum start and a beast of a carrot cake.
It is out the way for me, tucked a few streets down from Queen Street.
But if it were local and close to me, I'd be here all the time.
It's like a home away from home, but a really, really tasty home.

Had a big lunch and delicious fresh baked scone with friend.
Leo's is really the best underground restaurant or cafe in my mind.
The quiche of the day, which i had is for vegetarian and it was just so excellent.
My friend had burger with crispy potato and both of our dish were served with vegetable salad.
The fruit scone was nice too.
The most special things there was the hot chocolate.
The hot chocolate was served with a cup of hot milk and a block of dark chocolate with spoon.
So it make sure you are having the real hot chocolate now, not just the powder hot chocolate.
That was so lovely!!
The inside decoration, i think it is kind of vintage style.
the black and white photo on the wall, the old book shelf, the special clock on the wall, they all looks so " Leo's Beanery".
Everything was great, must visit again some point.

Just one question before I start this review... WHY HAVEN'T I BEEN HERE BEFORE???
This morning I had my first experience here.
I had heard that a free French conversation class would be taking place at 10am, so decided to come along.
Howe street is far from the hustle and bustle of the touristy centre, yet in a beautiful residential area near Stockbridge.
At basement level, one would expect darkness, gloom and damp.
Instead be ready for: the smell of coffee, the comforts of home, a quite spacious zone which somehow also manages to be cosy.
Prepare yourselves for the smell of freshly roasted coffee beans, good food, and a glass display cabinet full of delicious looking cakes, half of which just happened to be gluten free!
I had already had breakfast, though wished I hadn't.
The passion cake in particular looked amazing: coconut, banana and pineapple cake with spices, topped with a cream cheese frosting.
Instead I 'settled' for a soya cappuccino.
It was a damn good cappuccino.
You order at the front, and the food/drinks are brought to your table by friendly, non-intrusive staff.
The French class was tucked away in the back room, which was large and reserved just for us.
The teacher was really patient and helpful, and only two other students turned up.
With the small class size, we got a class tailored to our levels and personalities.
I will definitely be coming back next week for the French class and for coffee and cake.
The breakfasts look good too-gluten free bread is also available!

Flat white and rocky road ... Just what I need on a day like today!
Coffee & cake will wash the blues away!
Love the place, atmosphere and the cakes& coffee

I have been here twice for coffee, once for a wee sit down and once for take away.
On the first occasion I had a bit of my friends scone and it was amazing, maybe the best I have ever had.
The other baked goods looked amazing and the cafe was a nice place to sit on a dreary day.
The food menu looked appetizing, but I have yet to return to try it.
I think this would definitely be my go-to for a Sunday coffee and treat.
It was quite busy both times I was there, but the staff was not stressed and the noise wasn't too loud.
I would definitely recommend this to anyone venturing to Stockbridge, and especially before or after you've ventured to the market.

Great food, great service and good music what more could you want for a weekend brunch.

My local.
The best staff managed by Marie and Joe who will be very successful in whatever they go on to do on the back of what they have created here.
The quality of baking, and especially their brownies, is first class.
But they do more than just good quality baking.
I work in London and if they were serving flat whites and their veggie breakfast like they do here the queues would be out of the door and down the street.
And a good proportion of Edinburgh is yet to know of it's quality and even it's existence.
You do have to know where to look to find it.
Part of its charm for sure and I don't really want to have to queue down the street as it is my local.

I love this place--this was my third visit.
For basement level, the space is unexpectedly and delightfully full of light and the atmosphere and decor is relaxed and chill.
Food: I've had the eggs royale (eggs Benedict with salmon instead of ham) twice, and the eggs are always perfectly poached, no set yolks!
I also had lunch here once, had a salad with halloumi and it was gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous.
My companion and I dined delicately on a thick slice of coconut bread for dessert which was very, very yummy.
I can't wait to try more of their food.
Also: this place may have one of the best chai teas I've ever had outside of India and Nepal.
Seriously, give it a go--you won't regret it.
It's a secret house blend, and when you pour the tea into your mug the strainer collects all the lovely spices--wonderful!
So far, the best coffee house I've had the pleasure of visiting in the New Town/Stockbridge area, and it will certainly see me again, and again, and again.

This is 100% my neighborhood go-to...hands down THE BEST cappuccino I have ever had.
In addition to the amazing coffee (and a good list of teas) this place has the friendliest staff.
Even when I go in on a crazed Saturday morning, the folks working greet you with a smile and help you find a table.
I recently relocated here from the states and when I'm in a bad mood or missing home, I know I can walk here, get a friendly hello, and relax with a great coffee-all in a cozy, sunny interior.
Also, they have one of those loyalty cards- buy 9 coffees and get the 10th free or something similar- which is nice.
(Although I'd still go even if they didn't have it!

Very nice, cozy place (inluding their own sort of library with books).
Went here for breakfast and it was excellent.
Eggs benedict and a mocha.
Unfortunely my follow-up scone order went missing, but they made up for it in pure friendliness.
No time for cake, but they sure looked good!

