My first experience of Holi Spice was an odd one - I had made an order for take-away and when I went to collect it their card machine wasn't working..so they gave it to me for free!
With free popadoms.
I felt quite bad though, and after eating the meal (which was delicious) I went back with cash.
The food is delicious.
Really yummy and full of flavour, everything is made fresh to order.
My favourite is the chicken korma, which is as good as any i've ever had.
As the Indian is also a restaurant, however, I always feel really uncomfortable walking in.
I've only ever seen one table eating when I've been in, all the other times it has been empty.
As a result, the staff are extremely attentive and were pouring over themselves to serve me, giving me freebies left, right and centre.
I always choose to collect the food myself as I only live 5 minutes away and I like to think I'm burning the calories I;m about to consume (!
), but they also have free delivery.
I really hope Holi Spice survives, it's a really good Indian and the staff are lovely.

This venue tends to change hands a worrying amount - I'm sure the last time I walked past it on my way to an exam at St. Leonard's it was a tapas place?!
Nevertheless, my flatmate and I thought we'd give it a try.
There was nothing massively different between it and any other indian restaurant you'll find in Edinburgh - all the usual suspects are on the menu and they're all under a tenner.
But what was good about this place (apart from the fact that it's just across the street from the Holyrood 9A for a beer afterwards) was that they lso had a load of more random curry dishes on the menu too, like the Mohonwala which comes with mango pulp, coconut, almond, cream and fresh cheese.
The annoying thing though, is that depending on what meat you get your curry with it almost doubles in price - for even the most basic curry made with King Prawn will cost you £9.95, whilst the veggies among you will only have to pay a fiver for the same dish.
Also, although they do have all these other less-known curries that I was mentioning before, they're all twice the price too.
I'm a penny-pinching student, which is why I'm whingeing so much.
If you're not, you'd probably like this place as the service is great and the food is tasty.
They also do carry-out/delivery too, so if you can't even be bothered to leave your sofa you can still get in on the action.

Not bad, I must say, though the masala curry was oddly sweet.
My brother and I ate here our first night in town, and quite enjoyed it.
The lamb naan was very, very good.
The chicken pakoras were oddly slimy inside, though, like some of the batter hadn't been cooked thoroughly.
Chicken was cooked, though, so all's good.
Delicious chutneys and sauces for the papadum, so that was great.

