Great place just next to Waverley Station.
Has good selection of beers etc and cheap prices as well , never tried the food but always seems to be busy and food does look good.
Very studenty and backpacking place as right at a busy hostel and very central.
Shows sport on tv when it's on and great atmosphere.

This place almost makes me miss my back-packing days!
If only there were a Belushi's in South America I'd probably not have come back.
But unfortunately there wasn't, so my only experience of it was when some Oz friends were in Edinburgh for Hogmanay and they stayed here.
The bar downstairs looks deceptively small from the outside, but it holds just over 100 people in total, and they also have a separate room which you can hire.
In some ways, the décor's exactly what you'd expect from a backpacker hostel i.e.
it's laid back, relaxed and comfortable, but there wasn't a hint of the shabby, grotty, run-down images that spring to mind when you picture budget hostel bars usually.
Drinks are nice and cheap too, and the staff are always up for a bit of chat whilst they're making it for you.
But the best thing is that they always have different things on every night of the week.
Don't get me wrong, it's first and foremost a sports bar.
But they also have live music on thursdays, open mic on saturdays (luckily I only spectate in that one) and "i-factor" on tuesdays, which is essentially a competition to see who has the best playlit on their ipod - if that's you, you get a free drink.
If you haven't been yet, then go.
Next time you're out for drink within walking distance this should be your starting point.

During Freshers Week Belushi's kept popping up and giving us free shot glasses.
Apparently if you went to Belushi's with your free shot glass, then they would give you a shot in it.
Great!
So one night we did just so and actually had a good night.
It is much more laid back than normal bars as it is part of a hostel.
Everyone is all about having a good time, on the cheap.
You can make friends with some random Australian back packers who swear you can go stay with them down under, but in reality you will never see them again.
Surprisingly good for a relaxed, fun night out.

I have had bad, bad experiences in Belushi's!
It's a total dive.....I know but I have to mention the elephant in the room, it's really not nice.
It makes up in cheap drinks and great banter what it lacks in surrounding and cleanliness.
But at the end of the day, if you're looking for a cheap and fun night out then you can't go wrong.
Belushi's is amongst a handful of places you can get wasted in relatively cheaply.
It serves it purpose well...but is definitely not for me!

I know that it's cheap and bases its ethos on livening up backpackers, but that's why I like it.
Belushi's sells itself as being good fun, and I have to agree.
I've always had a good laugh when I've been here.
I was delighted to find Belushi's in Edinburgh after my experience in Convent Garden (one day I'll review it and relive the magic).
Down in the London Belushi's, my good time was largely to do with their great staff and my friends, but there is still a buzz about this place.
I love to go travelling but when I can't, I like catching the buzz in Belushi's.
It's bolshy and caters for the young, boistrous crowds it usually attracts, but if you take it for what it is - a young, carefree bar - then it's awesome.
Their karaoke nights are cringeworthy but satisfying, and if you're up for a rowdy night out then it does the job!

From the very first glance obviously aimed at backpackers, with it's threadbare appearance, rolled up cutlery and ketchup on the tables, and posters of Kurt Cobain, Belushi's is an acquired taste, but if drifting from city to city with no clear purpose is your thing, then you'll love it in here.
I just feel a bit jealous as that ship has long sailed for me.
Most of the clientele are Australians, who spend hours telling you how great Oz is, and will come across as exceptionally friendly and sincere in order to disguise the fact that they want to rob you or give you a venereal disease, depending on your genes.

You wouldn't know I'm a resident in Edinburgh, the amount of time I spend in this backpackers' bar.
Belushi's is an Aussie's dream, a hostel, right in the centre of town, with a lively bar and a load of Fosters on tap and they show live sports.
The bar looks tiny, but holds a surprising amount of people, and has a really good travellers' party atmosphere.
Everyone is up for meeting new people and generally pretty drunk so it's always a good laugh.
Everytime I come here I have a great time, and normally end up pretty drunk.
Most of the times it has been for the football, and there is always a great atmosphere for sports events without the accompanying aggression you sometimes get.
The staff are really friendly and the prices are cheap so overall it's a great place to have a boozy night and meet a load of Aussies.
Also if you're actually a tourist here, I've been told from friends that it is a good place to stay in, with competitive prices and clean, nice rooms available.
Not much more you can ask for really

Came here on a pub crawl and was really surprised by the space inside--it did not look very big!
We did a jagertrain (see picutures) and then hung out for a bit more--there was almost enough space for everyone to get a seat (we were a large group).
They were playing all types of football (soccer) games and even had one screen showing the hockey playoffs in America (very surprising to us).
Also, there was a live 2 person band (guitar and bass) that were quite good and played a lot of popular covers.

Overpriced bar relying on a captive audience from the hostel upstairs.
Nothing special.

