You know you sometimes get a gut instinct when a place is going to be good?
I got that vibe about The Clock, and I was certainly not disappointed.
In an area with cheap eating options scattered all around, it can hard to settle on one of the many cafes.
But something about The Clock stuck out from the other contenders vying for my hungry attention.
Perhaps it's the neo Victorian fronting, complete with pillar box red paint.
Or maybe the clock decorating on the exterior struck me as being different from the remaining cheap or samey options.
But whatever it was that lured me in, I'm very glad.
The Clock is somewhat new to the scene but I can see it being really successful.
For a start, it's chilled out, nicely decorated with neutral art and cream coloured walls, and is spacious if you're in with a larger group.
It may appear smaller on the outside but they have a secret spiral staircase taking you to a much more open dining area downstairs.
If you can't get to this area, there's enough space upstairs for wheelchair or buggy access.
Secondly, along with a vast array of delicious, well prepared food, they also have a bottled beer and wine selection!
This added bonus, along with the healthy portions you receive with main meals and even with lucnhtime snacks opens it out towards evening diners.
The staff seemed to genuinely care about the customers and were certainly passionate about cooking.
This showed in the standard of my panini (which was also generously served up with chips and crispy salad).
I opted for the Turkish sausage and it was outstanding.
For a lunchtime snack it was way above par - definitely of a higher standard.
I also received the best hot chocolate I've ever tasted, it was perfect.
The girl's skills put me to shame since I would definitely 3 star my efforts half the time.
But this one was a work of art!
And all of that for a fiver!
It's very rare that you find a cafe with such incredible choice.
But what really stands out is the pride the staff take in their work.
They went out of their way to look after their customers, and the cooking was to die for.
Watch as word of mouth spreads about The Clock - in time, this will become one of Edinburgh's dining highlights.

I have to agree with Marj on this one.
You will not be disappointed.
Just the sheer effort these people will go to make sure you get the exact meal you want is commendable.
These people are sandwich gods.
The only thing I can add is when I went, there was an anonymous pool of black fluid in the corner, maybe 3ft across.
I mentioned it to them fearing someone would trip but it wasn't cleaned the whole time I was there.
Better a bad review than a bad lawsuit guys!

With oak wooden flooring and pretty flowers dotted on each table, Clock Cafe us an excellent choice for an afternoon bite to eat.
The offer lovely surroundings with an excellent selection of all day breakfasts, paninis, sandwiches, baked potatoes and various other hot snacks.
As Marj mentioned, the menu is extensive, much better than most cafes and the prices are also very reasonable too.
The whole atmosphere in this cafe is very relaxed and I stayed for quite a while with a cup of tea and the friendly staff couldn't have been more pleasant.
I didn't try to food, but I noticed a table beside me with a few different dishes from the menu and they looked and smelled delicious, so next time, I'll definitely pop in for a bite to eat!

Lovely place for coffee, cakes and socialising.
The food is sometimes good.
The price is unbeatable.
Overall great place to hang out, and the owner is truly approachable and unafraid to greet customers.

The Clock is an unassuming little cafe and coffee shop in Dalry, although inside it offers quite a surprise!
The upstairs is small and only really caters for couples, but if you do downstairs there are lots of tables, couches and comfy places to sit and enjoy some grub and a hot drink.
For a ridiculous £3 I ordered a ham and cheese baguette.
Expecting it to turn up with a wee salad garnish, I was instead rewarded with a plate overflowing with food.
A nice side salad featuring cherry tomatoes, red onions, peppers and mixed leaves and a perfectly munchable helping of chips were included as part of the price tag.
For £3?!
Amazing.
The food was tasty, too.
The ambiance is relaxing and friendly.
The Clock is a great place to soak up the weekend vibes with the Sunday papers and a coffee.
Service was also friendly and prompt, so I really can't fault this place.

i totally adore this little cafe!
prices are sooooo cheap, portions are huge, staff are friendly, service is (normally) super fast  - what more could you want?
Me & my boyfriend always eat here when we just need a quick bite but want a nice relaxing place.
i like how they remember you & you feel like a valued customer.
panini's are ace... everything comes with chips too (which i find a bit odd, but this is scotland after all!
) & a nice salad!
I love this place :)

I have a spicy chicken mayo and pineapple baguette once a day.
You'd think it would really work, but IT DOES.
P.S.
My brother says their sweet chilli chicken panini rocks his balls

This place is fast becoming my favourite local coffee place.
Upstairs is bright but cramped.
Downstairs though is roomy and cosy.
The food is excellent, catering for all tastes and pretty good value for money.
The service is pleasant and friendly.
I've been here with family and children before and the staff are not phased by picky demands from the little ones.
It loses one mark because it doesn't have wifi - pretty much a requirement of any cafe these days.
If it had that, it would be my default out-of-office office.

Nice little cafe on Dalry Road.
There is a good variety of breakfasts, sandwiches, salads, paninis etc.
on offer.
From the outside it looks quite small, but a staircase leading downstairs reveals a large space.
The Clock also has a few seats outside which is great on a lovely summer's day.
I had the cheeseburger.
It came with chips and a little side salad.
For drinks they have three different kinds of beers on the menu and a house white / red which you can ask for a 175ml glass or a full bottle.
Food was good.
I was also happy with the service and it is very good value for your money - cheeseburger and chips for £5.50!

Great cafe food.
Professional and polite service.
The decor is really nice, especially that spiral staircase and basement seating area.
My new favourite breakfast/coffee spot.
Luckily I relocated in the aera a few months ago, so it's never too far away for me.

With the addition of WiFi, this cafe now gets 5 stars.
Great service, great food, cosy atmosphere, able to work from there too now.

Charming little cafe with great staff and even better food!
Cappuccino was delicious!

The service here is great and the coffee is superb.
Downstairs is lovely, bigger than you'd think.
Would recommend the baked potatoes and the giiiiiant tuna salad but watch out for the oil, heavy handed.

