I've always been put off  by these kind of places, I'm one of those people who changes their mind about the menu choice 6 times before the waitress comes.
What if I wasn't in a beefy mood in the next 11 minutes?
Thankfully, I was, and what a great place to be in one.
Burger Heaven is exactly that, every possible combination under the sun with welcome invitations to make your own.
I requested a BLJ, Bacon, Lettuce and Jalapeño (or whatever substitute spicy hell they could throw in), and in about 8 minutes it was put infront of me.
Great service!
The meat was so fresh tasting, I swear they're killing cows out the back door.
Recommended for vegetarians!

Hamburger Heaven sounds a lot less suave than it actually is.
For me, at least, the name strikes up images of post-club buger vans selling fat, gristle and sugary ketchup in a napkin.
Contrary to expectation, however, the food is actually excellent.
All their burgers are freshly made with good quality pork, beef or chicken, and they have a good quality range of fresh salad and sauces to accompany them.
I went for a beef burger in a bun with onions, lettuce and ketchup which tasted amazing.
It was all the better fr the quality of the bun which was nice and fluffy, not one of those crumbly things you get in Lidl.
To top this off, the service is friendly and the prices are reasonable, making it a great place to visit for lunch or dinner when you fancy an alternative to the mighty Big Mac.

This little out of the way place, in a chic neighbourhood, offers great tastes and doesn't just cater to the usual gay/lesbian crowds.
My favourite is the lamb burger with pine nuts!
The staff are very friendly, especially the Pole.
:)  Check the place out.

Burgers are kind of my speciality.
I love burgers so much I dream about them.
I come from a city where burgers, especially gourmet burgers have exploded on the scene (Burger Priest anyone?
Toronto whaaat).
I was thoroughly impressed when my friend and I stumbled upon Hamburger Heaven one Saturday afternoon.
We were hungover and walking along Broughton Street looking for somewhere to soak up the jaegerbombs we ingested the night before.
We smelled something, something delicious that consequently changed my view on the hangover food situation in Edinburgh.
Hamburger Heaven is really heaven.
It's the heaven I want to go to when I die.
This is a place Anthony Bourdain would frequent.
We both ordered the cheeseburger with bacon and fried onions (I can't remember the real name of the burger).
Wow.
I think we both sat there stunned.
You can tell someone put a lot of effort into the patty.
So juicy and flavourful.
I think I had smile on my face while eating it.
The only downfall on the overall experience was the bun.
The bun needs some attention.
Some would say that this is a big deal but I think the meat, the actual important piece of the burger overrides this small defect.
The waiter who served us was a handsome Polish fellow who increased our dining experience with his impressive banter.
He treated us like we were regulars and made an effort to get to know us (not in a flirtatious way, he swayed more for the other sex).
A note to point out is that Hamburger Heaven and the Blue Moon Café are connected and both establishments utilise the same toilets.
Additionally, you can order burgers from the Hamburger Heaven menu if you're dining at the Blue Moon Café.
Definitely give this place a shot.
It has the power to cure your hangover!

