Vegas Uncorked - The Grand Tasting  At the price tag of 175.00 per head (advanced purchase) most people would run away.
A tasting event for the price of a 12 course french meal with wine pairing would make you think twice until you saw the lineup planned by Bon Appetit at  Caesars Palace's pool in Las Vegas.
This was no ordinary 'taste of' event as seen in other cities that occupy fairgrounds.
Caesars' pools were setup for this private tasting event with over 100 restaurants, wineries, and shops exhibiting I picked up a wine glass at the door to get started.
Many of the restaurants had the creators, celebrity chefs, and head chefs preparing the food.
Each booth had bite sized servings of one of a few of their dishes they wanted to show off.
Everything was spectacular and even the worse dish was excellent.
At one point in the night there was a traffic jam causing some congestion making it a great time to step away to the lounge and relax with a glass of wine.
The event was a total success, a true epicurean experience I walked out of there full, fat, happy, exhausted, and content!
Vegas Uncork'd Alphabetical Listing of Exhibitors American Fish Andre's & Alize ARIA Signature Sips Arrowood Vineyards Aureole B & B Ristorante Bar Masa Barefoot Wine & Bubbly Beijing Noodle The Belgian Chocolate Company BLT Burger BOA/Sushi Roku Bon Appetit Bonterra Organic Vineyards Border Grill Bradley Odgen Cafe Martorano Carnevino Change Beer/Mekhong Chateau Montelena Winery Chateau Ste Michelle ChocoVine Cima Collina Cique du Soleil Cork ReHarvest The Country Club Craftsteak The Cupcakery Diego Don Sebastiani & Sons Dos Caminos Eiffel Tower Fiji Waters Fleur de Lys/Burger Bar Forever Resorts Forum Shops at Caesars Palace Giangrandi Gourmet Ghost Pines Hidden Legent Winery Isla Jean-Georges Steakhouse Jean Philippe Patisserie J. Lohr Vineyards & Wine Julian Serrano Ketel One Vodka Knork Flatware LAVA/Tao L'Atelier Joel Robuchon/Joel Robuchon Lutus of Siam Lula's Chocolates Marssa Mercer's Wine Ice Cream Mesa Grill Michael-David Family of Wines miX Nero's Steakhouse New Amsterdam grill Nob Hill Nobu Okada Papapietro Perry Winery Payard Patisserie & Bistro Quady Winery Rao's Restaurant Guy Savoy Ridge Vineyards Rich Moonen's rm seafood Rosemary's Sage Santa Lucia Highlands Winegrowsers Association Sea Harbor Service Beverage Bar Silkroad Simon at Palms Place Sirio Ristorante Society Cafe Soroma Cutrer S. Pellegrino Sparkling Water Stella Artois Strip House Stripsteak Social House SUSHISAMBA Switch Steahouse Tableau Texas Pete Hot Sauce TGIC Chilean Winery TGIC Argentinean Winery Three Square Todd English P.U.B.
Travelocity Tudor Wines Union Valentino Vintner Grill Vosges Haut-Chocolate Wazuzu William Hill Estate Winery Willamette Valley Vineyards Wirtz: Paul Goerg Wirtz: Barnett Vineyards Wirtz: Zaca Mesa Winery * Vineyard Wirtz: Rombauer Vineyards Wirtz: Martinelli Wirtz: Foley Wirtz: Rudi-Weist Wirtz: Ginard Wirtz: Miner Wirtz: Silver Oak Wirtz: Wirtz: ZD Wine Wirtz: Jarvis Wirtz: Frog's Leap Wirtz: Whitehall Lane Wirtz: Foley Wirtz: Felton Road Wirtz: Schramseerg Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill Yangarra Estate Winery  Beautiful people, great food, wines, music, book signings by celebrity chefs.

Well....I was there the entire night and it was way too crowded.
Honestly, if they had sold half the tickets it would have been magical.
The pool setting was cool, but all the food booth areas were jammed making it impossible to enjoy the whole thing.
There were some incredible tastings and the wine and bars were great with plenty of accessibility.
There were however, a few food items that were awful.
I am not going to mention the restaurants cuz I like the restaurants....their fare here just missed the mark.
One in particular, from a much loved LV restaurant was a spit out item and I thought it might be me till I saw it going in the garbage alot.
There were many that were extraordinary and sometimes quite generous.
You def would not go home hungry from this .
Chefs were available and celebratory so that was fun.
Some worked their booths so it was fun seeing them bust their buns putting out food to the fawning masses.They seemed happy to take photo ops.
Last year I thought they had better offerings in regard to classes and workshops.
Cooking lunch with the Wynn chefs 2009 was the best foodie event of my life.
We met a guy there who went to a few of the master dinners this year and he said they were fab......but he was not happy about the lines at this event.
You had to elbow your way in to get food.
Not my idea of a gourmet evening.My gf's from Maui lasted 15 minutes and busted out of the joint.
I personally will never attend the grand tasting again, but will take advantage of the more individual events.
Will review Joel R's master brunch later.
It was da bomb!
If you love crowds this one is for you.
Maybe we Hawaiians are mo betta less people :)

Having paid $175 advanced on the tickets, I was hoping for a bit more than just pate on a cracker.
There was a nice variety of restaurants and a great diversity of food but it was extremely one sided as far as the crowd went.
And apparently we were one of the few couples that actually PAID for tickets since the participating casinos were passing out freebies to their high rollers with might explain some of the "characters" that were in attendance.
I'm pretty sure 1/4 of the women there were working the crowd which great for them, but a little bit of a dress code might have been advised.
It was a great way to experience really good food and restaurants we might want to try in the future and those we will def.
never spend a $1.00 in.
My particular faves were Fleur de Lys, Mesa Grill (Bobby Flay has as many freckles as I do) and Craftsteak.
I loved the Cru wine..and I need to find a bottle or 3.
Given the abundance of freebies (like EVERY person we talked to didn't pay) we felt kind of sheepish to have forked over about $400.00 for this.
I don't think we'll go back again, even though it was fun and great surroundings.

At $175 per ticket, we didn't know what to expect.
The Grand Tasting was held around the pool at Caesars.
It was magical; great weather, well lit, and beautiful people.
There was ample space for every major restaurant and liquor vendor.
Each restaurant was represented by managers and chefs cooking small bites to sample.
There were only a few restaurants we weren't able to get to.
We were happy with the selection of liquor and wine vendors.
We even discovered a new sake- sparkling blueberry.
It was like grape soda, light and carbonated, but with a blueberry twist.
I've been to tastings in Az and LA and this one is the only one I'd go back to.
Overall best food, gorgeous backdrop and fun crowd.
It was the perfect start to M&G's Vegas adventures.

When I tell people about this, I call it a "Bacchanalian".
This was my first major food event, and I was very excited.
The classical roman environment and non-stop food and drink made me feel like a pampered aristocrat.
All the best restaurants were there promoting themselves, and they all brought their "A" game.
It would be hard to pick a favorite, but Kat Cora's muffaleta sliders were absolutely amazing!
I could have eaten a dozen of them.
An interesting note, there was a New Amsterdam Gin booth, my personal favorite gin.
I still have the little keychain flashlight.
There was just so much, it was all almost too much to handle!
If there is another one next year, I am going no matter what!

Just unreal.
I'm a guy who uses groupon, yelp deals and restaurant.com so to spend over $400 on a meal for myself and my date and believe it was worth every penny says a lot.
One of the best culinary experiences I've had.
The world's best chefs coming together in one place.
Ate til I was in pain...had to sit in my car for 10 minutes before I could drive.
On my bucket list is the event in Aspen...maybe next year.

