We purchased our latex mattress about three months ago.
I can honestly say that it is one of the best purchases that we have EVER made!
I was a bit skeptical in purchasing a latex bed, but we were reassured that it had many benefits including longevity, lasting comfort, and no more flipping of the mattress.
Also the owner, Ken, was great to work with and they make the beds here in Arizona, so we were able to get ours custom made with one side being firmer than the other.
Heavenly!!!!
I can't say enough good things!
If your in the market for purchasing a new bed, not sure what to get, check them out.
Great prices.
Great customer service.
You won't be disappointed.

From the very beginning we've had such a positive experience with Arizona Premium Mattress.
My husband and had been searching far and wide for our perfect sleep enabler, after years of sleeping on an old coil spring mattress with a too soft memory foam topper.
Our bodies ached, we didn't sleep well, etc.
And if we were going to get a mattress... well golly gee it was going to be the best, natural mattress in the world... within our budget.
We embarked on a holy grail-style adventure, hopping around from organic mattress store to organic mattress store.
Some experiences were better than others (see my other reviews), but the costs were just extravagant.
One weekend, we took a romantic getaway trip to Sedona.
On our way back to L.A., I randomly googled mattress places near Phoenix.
I called Arizona Premium Mattress.
While their store wouldn't open until 9 or so, they were willing to let us sneak in early for a private tour.
First class!
We met the upholstery guy, Kenny, who was just a sweetheart.
He showed us their small but perfect selection.
As soon as we lay down, we looked at each other and just knew.
This wasn't like the other stores, where we had to bounce from bed to bed, uncertain.
We met the owner, Ken, signed up for the pillow deal (check their website), ordered the mattress, and away we went.
In a few weeks, the mattress came in 3 big boxes.
It was Christmas morning all over again.
A few stuffs and zips, and snap, we had a new, beautiful, natural latex bed with a beautifully soft bamboo covering.
It was mid-day, but we hopped into bed like nobody's business.
And napped, and napped, and napped.
I swore over and over again to my husband, "This bed smells like vanilla ice cream in a freshly made waffle cone!
"  It still does.
I sleep like a baby, I adore taking naps now, and my husband no longer has shoulder aches from sleeping on his side.
We're looking forward to getting mini-mattresses for little ones to come.
I want my babies to have vanilla ice cream dreams too.

Last week we discovered mold in the pillow.
I was surprised since I thought that latex does not get mold.
I sent them an e-mail and photo.
After a week their response was that they cannot judge from the pictures and that there must be something wrong with the surrounding???
Horrible customer service after you buy the mattress.
And the latex does not seem to be of the same quality as some other companies.
I am still waiting to hear their response and whether they will send a replacement pillow.

I did business with this company via internet/phone.
The owner, Ken, is easy to do business with, very responsive to emails.
This retailer offered THE BEST PRICE for the size of latex mattress topper I was shopping for.
Don't hesitate to buy from Arizona Premium Mattress Co, whether you are in Phoenix or Philadelphia.
Great pricing, service and shipping.
I am pleased with the experience I had with them!

Ken, this regarding mold in the latex pillow.
We have 2 latex pillows that I now absolutely love.
When they arrived, they did have an odor, not mold, more of the latex smell.
I placed them outside in the sun for a few days and the problem was gone.
I also put a cover on them as well.
My husband also has a very sweaty head at night, but we haven't had a problem.
I regularly wash the covers as well.
By the way, we have purchased 2 of your latex beds and LOVE them soooo much.
I've always told people about you guys.
We bought our first mattress over 10 years ago.
We added another latex mattress for our guest room.

My fiancé and I took delivery of our mattress right before our New Year's Day wedding.
My now wife and I are overwhelmed with the comfort, quality, and construction of our mattress.
Ken is incredibly knowledgeable about his product and gave us great advise in selecting the best mattress for us.
I actually look forward to going to sleep at night!
(having a new wife has something to do with that as well :-)

2 years ago we were do for a new mattress.
While shopping around, we began to learn that traditional mattresses are made from toxic materials.
Knowing this we could no longer move forward pretending like we didn't know about the harmful affects a traditional mattress could have on our family.
We made the decision to seek out a mattress made from natural and organic materials.
We stumbled upon Arizona Premium Mattress Company and were pleased to deal directly with the owner who was extremely friendly and knowledgeable.
Overall we have been extremely pleased with our purchase.
When it was time to purchase mattress number 2, we knew we wanted another latex mattress, but we were really tight on money, so it was essential to find the very best deal available.
I shopped dozens of stores in and out of state and not one of them could even come close the Ken's prices at Arizona Premium Mattress Company.
I can whole heartily say that Arizona Mattress Company offers the best quality mattresses for the best prices by a land slide.
When it comes time to purchase mattress number 3 the decision will be easy!
Thanks Ken!!!!!!!!!!

My husband and I visited Arizona Premium Mattress Co. on Friday, March 1st and had the pleasure of meeting Ken, the owner.
He was very helpful and listened to my story regarding my Sleep Number Bed and my lower back pain.
With all of his knowledge and recommendations, we bought a latex mattress topper.
After a solid week now, I am ecstatic how my back pain has lessened!
The topper has helped my lower back immensely.
I now get a good night's sleep and can get out of bed with ease in the morning.
Thank you so much for helping us feel more comfortable.
I am sure in the near future, we will want to purchase a latex mattress, but in the meantime, I can get a good rest.
We are so thankful we sought your help and are very satisfied with your product thus far.

Ordered a Talalay latex mattress.
It was way too soft.
Seemed like a knock-off to me.

I called this business looking for some help in finding fabric I need to cover a brand new mattress.
The person I spoke with was most UNHELPFUL, and RUDE.
He said that they did not have anything to help.
When I asked if someone else there could help, all he kept repeating is "No".
I am new to the area and was not expecting to be treated so poorly by someone in business.
I asked for help and did not receive anything thing that resembled help.
I was not speaking with the owner.

We have been looking for a mattress for over a year and we found it today.
This review is restricted to the buying process...I will update the delivery and sleeping comfort experience once that happens.
Simply said, about a year ago our bones started telling us that it is time for our 9- year old Beautyrest to "retire".
I'd rather deliver twins than shop for the mystery mattress.
We checked out the top of the line Pillow-Top coil mattresses and the ever popular TP Memory Foam.
Friends that have the TP tell us they either love or hate their mattress.
(I think some of those that love them do so because they have so much invested they can't afford not to.
) Then we checked-out the Sleep Number and were almost sold on their top of the line model.
Our kids have had a SN for 10 years.
He loves it; she hates it.
Given the $$$$(with adjustable base) price tag we did a lot of research and found that SN has some mold issues and too many parts that can go south.
(Called the SN kids to tell them about the potential for mold and bingo, upon checking, they found mold in their mattress.
) That squelched that deal for us...we want a bed, not maintenance issues.
Mattress retailers were of little help.
To quote "Mattress Firm", we felt that we were about to make the next "8 year mistake".
Nothing seemed to fit and those that came close required a small mortgage.
We were really getting discouraged and semi-agreed that we would buy something "untested" from Costco Online so that we could, at minimum, return it without hassle if it did not work out.
Before taking the plunge,  I continued to look online and found two mattress review sites that were very helpful.
The Mattress Undergound and Sleep Like the Dead.
Reading those, it seemed that most people were happiest with Latex, a material that we had not  previously considered.
At first I though I was going to have to buy a mattress untested from an online source.
Alas, on Mattress Underground, I saw a referral to Arizona Premium Mattress Factory.
This afternoon we drove the 30 minutes or so to this factory showroom.
It is really not fancy (but very efficient).
Ken, the owner could not have been more welcoming.
When we arrived Ken was with another customer.
He took a moment to greet us and continued working with the customer.
It was evident that he knows what he is talking about and believes in his product.
Soon it was our turn to meet with Ken and try out the Mattresses--he showed us various options and we tested them all.
He assured us that he can make any latex configuration to meet our needs.
We tried the various mattresses and they all felt great but we fell love with the Ultra Plush Firm.
We loved the mattress so much we spent the next hour or so lying on the mattress talking to Ken and the other customer who was also lying on the mattresses.
Very weird i know--but you had to be there.
We considered ordering dinner in but finally took out our credit card and purchased a latex mattress that will be custom made to our design and comfort specifications, plus an adjustable base, and four pillows.
It will take two-weeks to manufacture our bed...seriously, we have set a countdown clock!
I will update this review with the delivery, set-up, and sleeping experience once events occur.
BTW, we discovered that most of Ken's business is online.
We are lucky to live close by but I would not hesitate to buy at a distance from this gent.
I think my out-of-state kids with the troubled 10y SN will soon be buying from him.
Stay tuned!

I'm a sleeper (I'm a mess without my solid 8-9 hours/night!
) and that means that my bed is super important to me.
Its no wonder then that I shopped for a good 6 months before making the plunge and buying my newest big purchase!
After lots of research I purchased the medium/firm latex mattress from Az Premium Mattress Co.
I am super pleased!
(And I should note: I've waited another six months to post this review -- just to be sure that my purchase feeling wasn't influenced by a honeymoon phase infatuation!
) I'm a big fan of this company -- they answered all my questions promptly, they source their bed from natural latex, they are a local company, they threw in two latex pillows, and, most importantly, the bed has proved to sleep well -- that makes the trade of my hard earned cash totally worth it!

My Wife and I had been searching for a comfortable bed for many months.
Finally I found "The Mattress Underground" website and learned about Latex.
In July we went to AZ Premium Mattress in North Phoenix and tried Latex beds in the showroom.
Shortly afterward I ordered a blended King Latex set, topped with a plush layer and enclosed in a nice Bamboo cover.
Ken and his team build the beds from the ground-up right there.
Ours was delivered and setup about three weeks after ordering.
All we can say is "Wow, what a difference!".
No more soreness, have complete rest now.
We changed my wife's side to a soft core (great customer service by the way).
It's cool to be able to tweak mattress firmness.
I have another story to tell though.
Shortly after our 1st visit to the store I brought a friend from work who was not happy with the memory foam mattress he bought at a box store months ago.
He ended up getting a natural King Latex set for him and his wife.
This man has suffered from debilitating migraine headaches for many years, missing work on occasions when symptoms were severe.
Since getting the new bed set 2 months ago he hasn't missed a day because of migraines!

We purchased our mattress a few months back from the owner Ken.
We had each side custom made, one side firm the other soft.
After 1 month we decided that 1 side was too firm.
Called Ken and he said bring in the topper and  lets try a #19.
Took it back brought it home and wala, sleeping like a baby.
Ken and his crew run his business the old fashioned way.
Customer service is top notch.
Think about it, a custom made king size mattress from earths bamboo for under 2k.
Doesnt get any better then that.
Oh yea, 20 year warranty too.

We ordered and received our King size mattress about 2 years ago and have no complaints.
It is the most comfortable mattress we have ever owned.
Living in Glendale, AZ where the summers reach 115 degrees, I worried about becoming too warm.
To my surprise there hasn't been a problem.
The latex stays comfortable for my wife and I all year round.
I would definitely recommend.
However, before you go make sure you know what you want.
Read on the internet all that you can about mattresses and how they are made.
Be a knowledgable consumer instead of expecting someone to teach everything to you as you shop.

Currently awaiting a mattress topper from them.
Their website suggests its "an amazing deal on overstock 3" natural latex mattress toppers made in their duvet molds.
This is a limited time blowout internet special for those looking to soften up an existing mattress.
" Called today and spoke to Greg, self identified as the sales manager, for a status update because there has been no communication.
I asked why we haven't received a tracking number yet?
He suggested the item mustn't have been shipped and the manufacturer, Latexco, needed time to make the topper.
I said "overstock" should be in stock ready to send and a week seemed sufficient to ship it from TX to AZ (or at least initiate the shipment and supply a tracking number!).
He suggested this is an offer that is always on the website but that the owner Ken had written the web page message.
Deceptive is the nice way to paraphrase the information on their website if that's true .
Greg is the same person I spoke to about visiting their location on Memorial Day.
That day he suggested they were open and to call and come by if we decided to visit.
Called back within minutes after discussing with my girlfriend and no one answered.
We never visited due to the distance and lack of response and ordered the topper online instead due to the pricing.
I'd gotten the impression from their website and YouTube presence that they manufactured the mattresses here in AZ but it seems they order them from Latexco in TX and are possibly only a sales location.
Maybe they manufacture the bamboo covers?
In the meantime, we await the prepaid "overstock" item.
He wasn't even aware that we were expecting it to be drop shipped to our door, seemed to think we were going to drive to Anthem to pick it up!
So far, I wouldn't recommend them based on lack of customer service and communication.
Will reserve judgement on the mattress topper but we own one latex bed already from a different manufacturer and will be able to aptly review the product, provided it is delivered sometime soon.

Well, even though Greg seemed clueless regarding our order, we received our mattress topper the day after my previous review.
Never did receive the return phone call from Greg.
Our item was sent by Ken the owner of the business so there must be some communication issues within the business and as I've documented there are definitely communication issues between the business and its customers.
The topper is what we were hoping for, the quality is good and the bamboo cover very nice.
It has been a great addition to our mattress and we are very pleased with the outcome of the purchase.
So the sum total of my experience is that the product is good, we have used latex previously as a mattress and new what to expect, and the business seems to be in some disarray.

