Love flammable fabrics?
Aged 15 and under?
Looking for an outfit to wear when you try to get into Cav at the weekend?
Then Quiz is the shop for you!
Beloved of chavs and tarts alike, Quiz manages to stock an astonishing range of really awful clothes - I challenge you to find me something made of natural fibres.
From diamante studded vests emblazoned with words like 'Sexy' to super short dresses made from clingy neon polyester, this place has it all.
Clearly I am not a fan, but I honestly can't understand why anyone would want to part with their cash in here?
And, given their target market you might expect things to be super cheap, it's not; which begs the question, who are they attempting to sell this rubbish to?
Gullible mothers with scant regard for their daughter's chastity is the best I can come up with.

Quiz exists purely for people who are 12 and on "Mcat" to shop in.
For whatever reason, whoever I am with, whenever we walk past here one of us will always make some sort of  witty comment about this place.
Quiz basically dresses the teen mothers and Jeremy Kyle guests of the future.
If you want to dress like the McQueens from Hollyoaks then this shop is ideal.
Apart from that, avoid!

Wow.
In a bad way.
I was passing this shop in the St. James Cente the other day, and for some reason thought it would be a good idea to wander in and have a look.
I can safely say I will not be doing that again.
If I were an underage chav, looking for the perfect outfit to wear to Siglo or City using my big sister's ID, then I'd probably come here.
But thankfully, I'm not, and I prefer my clothes to not all be covered in sequins / huge plasticky diamantés / stains from other people's make-up.
The one thing that I did lift off the rail to have a look at was made of such cheap fabric that it actually did that static crackly thing when I took it off the hanger.
Nice.
You won't be catching me in here again any time soon.

Quiz isn't somewhere I frequent very often but I do remember popping in here for black trousers and cardigans when I was at High School and I guess the main target audience for Quiz are teens.
Yes, some of the clothes can look quite cheap and nasty but they also have the odd nice item, especially around Christmas time where I used to get nice dresses for school dances.
This branch of Quiz isn't huge and often the window displays aren't that inviting and can sometimes look a bit like Ann Summers but I think it caters for the audience it wants to cater to and even though I'm not a huge fan I think it's a great store for younger girls who perhaps don't have enough money or don't feel grown up enough to shop in the likes of Topshop or River Island.
I guess many of the clothes are a bit of fun, but if you're looking for catwalk replicas then they won't be found here.
The St. James Centre isn't exactly the most exciting centre in the world but I popped into Quiz as I was surprised to see a red body con skirt in the window, it was fairly inoffensive and they were having a 20% off day so I decided to go and try it on.
The size was small/medium and it was a little too big on but which was a shame as it was only £12.99 and looked quite similar to a skirt I'd had my eye on in top shop.
The staff were nice and helpful but did try to sell me a store card which I declined with a polite thankyou, no.

Has very cute clothing and the price is pretty decent which makes it all the worse for me as I am famously stingy, but I couldn't help myself.
It has a huge variety of casual and clubbing outfits...
Looking for something to wear on a night out, I would recommend this place for sure.

