L'Occitane products smell amazing and are perfect for gifts or if you feel like spoiling yourself.
This branch if beautifully laid out and everything is very organised and has a relaxed atmosphere and also smells absolutely amazing.
My favourite items are the extra gentle soap bars, they are reasonably priced at £7 a bar and they leave your skin feeling super duper smooth, plus if you have sensitive skin like me they are so gentle and I've never had a problem with them unlike some other bath products from other companies.
My gran loves hand cream and every year I'll try and get her new hand cream to try out.
Last Christmas I bought her L'Occitane rose hand cream and it smells delicious, it came in a reasonable sized tube and she'd been using it every day since Christmas and there's still plenty left so definitely worth the price tag!
The staff in this branch are very friendly and knowledgeable about all the products, making this store a fabulous place to browse.

I found myself wandering in here one rainy afternoon, and I'm quite glad I did.
It's one of those places that you always know are there and always walk past but never go into.
When I went in it was near Christmas, and was looking for inspiration for my brothers.
What do you buy older brothers?!
Shaving balm from L'Occitane, that's what.
(although it cost me an arm and a leg, more than I'd want to spend on my brothers...) I bought both my brothers this balm and they loved it, it's for the pre-shaving ritual (apparently) and works a treat.
I've been meaning to go back and investigate further....

Oh how I love L'Occitane!
They sell the most fantastic beauty and bath products - amazing!
Situated in Fredrick Street, L'Occitane is just around the corner from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Prices Street and so it is a handy place to reach.
L'Occitane sell vast range of beauty products including makeup, fragrances, skincare, hair care, bath and shower products.
I love to come here just to smell the beautiful soaps and spray their perfume, as everything smells good enough to eat!
Their products are all of excellent quality, and so some good can be quite pricey, but most are very reasonable with skincare products costing about £30.
I am completely addicted to their hand cream, which costs about £17 and works like an absolute charm - it makes my hands super soft and they smell delicious too.
Its a win-win situation!
I wouldn't buy all of my beauty products here as it would definitely add up over time, but for certain things which I want to be of great quality, I will always buy them from L'Occitane.

It's a little too predictable that I would be a fan of L'occitane; I've already cultivated a love hate relationship with the Body Shop and Lush, so it was bound to happen.
The sticky issue here though is the price.
Some friends of mine have scoffed at the idea of me buying £12 body butters from the Body Shop and the like, but this store is in a league of its own.
I'm currently in love with the Shea butter lotion; I have quite dry skin and the effects every time I've used the tester have been seductively moisturizing.
It's quite sad that I've now tried this lotion in three different cities, and still haven't justified paying twenty odd pounds to myself.
Mind you, it's making more and more sense in my mind, and it will sadly happen one day.
The advantage though, is that the products from L'occitane are quite natural compared to many other brands, and the packaging (and ambience of the store) make it extremely luxurious.
A lot of the ingredients, apart from the shea butter, are grown and sourced in the Provence area.
I will hand it to them, at least their products seem to be quality, so rather than just charging extortionist prices, they charge extortionist prices for good products!

I've become a L'Occitane convert in the last 18 months or so.
I often buy online due to their excellent promotions but it is still nice to have a wander into this outlet on Frederick Street from time to time.
You can pick up L'Occitane goods in the likes of John Lewis but they never stock the full range - for that the company shop is the only place to visit.
The staff in here are generally welcoming and very helpful.
I've lost count of the times they have offered me a cup of tea or coffee whilst I browse.
They are attentive without being in your face.
The produce speaks for itself - high quality, simple and delicious!
My own favourite range is the Cherry Blossom but I also dabble with the skin care range and Shea butter treatments.
The price range is not in the inexpensive bracket but it is also not so expensive as to take it out of people's reach.
You can also pick up good "bundle deals" which are great if you have a favourite fragrance.

I have no idea how I stumbled into this place, I think I was just killing some time or so.
But I am glad I did because its really a nice place even if the Mens section is the size of a book case.
But everything in here is organic  and I would say its all good quality .
The mens section has some really nice cologne that you cant get anywhere.
There is obviously tons of women's stuff.
This review will be shorter because I didnt sample any of the women's stuff but from the smell of the place I would say it smells like good quality to me!

