"If you're looking for a gift for the person who as everything, get them a fish" - Nelson Mandela  Truer words have never been spoken.
Who doesn't enjoy a good fish?
They don't eat alto, they don't poo and they only bark when provoked.
Some might say they're the perfect pet.
To get a couple of fish and a wee tank you probably won't have to shell out more than £20 here.
Aside from the impressive range of livestock (that still counts for fish right?
), I can also safely say that all the fish in here look healthy and won't die on you as soon as you get them home!

When I was younger, I had a great deal of enthusiasm for tropical fish, and for a while actually became a bit of a nerd on the subject.
I knew my Betta Splendens from my Plecastomus Plecastomus, and read a fair few books on how best to feed, clean and care for my gill-covered friends.
Sadly, no matter how much love you put in, the rate at which your fishy friends tend to die will always be upsetting, and after a couple of years the heartbreak got to the stage that I just had to put the hobby aside.
Now older, and with a degree from the University of Hard Knocks, it's something that given the time and money, I'd love to get back into.
If I do.
I'll be in here like a shot.
It's one of the best aquarium stores I've seen, very well stocked and has an amazing coral reef marine tank full of Finding Nemo style critters.
The staff have a knowledge and passion for the subject, and everything just looks so clean and healthy compared to some of the grubbier pet shops I've been in.
It's not practical for me to get a tank just now, but E-Bot's little Black Moor Herman is more than enough of a handful for me anyway.
Never have I seen eyes so bulbous.

I love Stuart B's Mandela quote.
It's true!!
I was given a fish from here once quite recently and I was thrilled with it!!
Everyone had a fish tank in the 80s and I fancied myself as a bit of an 80s chick.
Thus, I was given a fish.
I came down here to buy all my accessories - food, tank etc etc.
The staff were  lovely!
But the shop smelled.
Within a week I came back and asked if they wanted the fish back.
Turns out the fish life isn't the life for me.

When it comes to getting a pet a fish is usually the standard place to start.
They offer admittedly only a mild amount of entertainment, but it does offer a cheap test of your commitment to caring for a very undemanding living being.
You may even grow to love fish and their simple nature that never tires of going up and down the same old stretch of water.
Having decided to get a fish you simply must come here as it can't be matched by anything you get elsewhere.
The range is simply unbelievable and despite this the prices are very good.
This is the one stop fish shop.

