For the life of me I can't remember the name of the old man pub that was here before, but I'm sure that's my brain doing me a flavor.
It just smelled like a nursing home.
Thankfully that smell has been replaced with the smell of Youth and Money!
Mezz is a huge improvement, feels alot more friendlier and they have hired better staff.
Drinks are moderately priced, it won't break the bank but you'll be pretty skint.
The best part is, according to the waiting staff, alot of the old regulars have migrated to the new bar and were still perfectly happy to call it their local.
Awww.

When I first moved to the Broughton area, it took us a really long time to sort out Internet.
Therefore Mezz became our second home.
Being cheap Scots, we would take our laptops along and order a Pepsi so we could use the Wife.
We would then nurse said Pepsi for a good couple of hours so we could sit around as long as possible.
It always seemed like during the week this place was full of students and the unemployed who were taking advantage of the free Wife while nursing glasses of Pepsi.
We came here for lunch one Saturday and it was pretty packed.
The food was quite good, not amazing but enjoyable.
I had some sort of bagel which could have done with some more filling.
My super picky eater friend ordered the French Onion soup which she hated.
I, not being a picky eater, tried it and it was delicious so her opinion doesn't count.

Situated on the corner of London Street and Broughton St, Mezz really should be a classier place.
Unfortunately it fails to tick any of my boxes.
I ended up in here for the first time a few nights ago because my usual haunt was packed to the gunnels (damn The List's Eating and Drinking Guide!).
Mezz seems to be the style bar that time forgot; once upon a time back in 2003 this was probably a really cool place to hang out, but now the leather(ette) dining chairs and dodgy carpet seem decidedly past it.
It's a shame because it has a really great location, I reckon with a bit of interior design wizardry and perhaps the services of a brand consultancy, this could be a decent place to hang out.
Until those changes are made though, I shall be spending my evenings elsewhere.

Situated near Broughton, Mezz is an ideal place to visit for good food and drink at reasonable prices.
I came here with some friends earlier this year, although we weren't really impressed by the ambiance of the place, the service and quality of the food were great.
The seafood chowder was some of the best I have ever tasted, with really nice, big chunks of vegetables and fish.
This, along with a can of Irn-Bru, came to less than £4 which was definitely value for money.
To add to this, the service was friendly and quick to process and bring our order.
I would certainly recommend Mezz but, as I said earlier, the general mood seems to lack a bit of heart and comfort.
Still, it offerrs great food at affordable prices - well worth a look.

There's only one thing keeping me from giving this place one star, and that's the 2 for 1 deal on main courses at lunch time that makes this informal cafe-cum-eaterie very good value for money.
Clearly the student in me is still governing my wallet as I certainly wouldn't go back at any other time, and I probably wouldn't go back at lunch because the waiter who served my friend and I was such a mardy arse.
The impression she gave us was that she really didn't want us to be there - and I can not think of a worse impression to give customers.
My friend complained that she wouldn't even look her in the eye and she gave me a permanent frown.
Zero stars for her.
Actually, maybe that's a bit generous.
I had an ordinary coffee and a salad and my friend had a thai chicken curry.
My salad had far too much dressing and as a result was quite acidic.
At £4.50, you can't ask for a lot more than that.
The thai curry looked better, to be fair, and both dishes were left clean.
The furnishings are adequate but not too comfy or intimate.
This would not be a good place to go on a date, for example.
But if you're looking for a cheap lunch and are kicking about Broughton Street, it'll do.
They're advertising staff, you see.
Things could get better on that front.

I have to admit, I was swaying between two and three stars, and had it not been for the comfy sofa and hilarious honesty of a member of staff, I might have gone for 2.
So the reason I visited this place was because I bought an itison voucher, 2 starters, 2 mains, and a cocktail pitcher for £15.
Not bad!
But I made the rookie error of buying the voucher before I knew anything about the place, looked at the menu or read any reviews.
If I had then I would have bought it.
So it's safe to say I was not looking forward to my visit.
None the less, I went with Joe A last night.
I think the location is great and the place itself is slightly tired looking, but quite a good space with lots of seats upstairs and the bar downstairs.
We walked in upstairs and I noticed the reserved table with my name on it so we sat down.
A few members of staff clearly clocked us but to no avail so Joe went down and told someone we were here.
A young guy came and took our drinks order and left us to look at the food menu.
Whilst we were looking, another member of staff came over, looking a bit fed up, and Joe asked her what the soup of the day was, her response...  "Tomato and basil, but I really DON'T recommend it, it's not good".
This cracked us up, I REALLY appreciate her honesty, however, if it wasn't for the fact we had a voucher I would have just walked out.
If you can't make tomato soup well, then the rest of the food has no hope!
The menu was a scrappy sheet of paper and very limited.
I chose the baked Camembert followed by the cooked breakfast (random I know, but the menu really didn't appeal to me).
The Camembert was fine, think they might just have been defrosted then deep fried, and the breakfast was below average.
I'm not really sure how you can get a cooked breakfast wrong but it wasn't great.
So basically, I would return if I was nearby but just for a drink.

So....
The pros:  - The company.
- The cocktails.
- The thick cut chips.
- Airy, and vibrant in the summer weather.
- The inebriated yet friendly old-timer who mistook me for someone else on the way out.
The cons:  - The unclear Itison voucher that couldn't have been more wordy and contradictory if it tried.
- The inattentive waiter who took 10 mins to even notice us, and even then only after I went over and gave him a nudge.
- The waitress who told us what the soup of the day was... then promptly felt the need to advise us against it!
- The Haggis Balls with whisky mayo sauce.... oh wait... hold on... nope... nope, that's just plain old mayo in a shot glass...!
- The burger that couldn't have been drier if it had been lost in the Sahara.
- The aforementioned chips... more than 6 of them would've been nice.
- The cook who A) couldn't help but stare, and B) thought it appropriate to moan at the other staff right in front of our table.
- The complete lack of enthusiasm, professionalism or customer service from all involved.
Not even if Groupon are giving them away.... avoid.

I visited this place using the itison voucher, we arrived and made to feel unwelcome instantly the lady behind the bar didnt acknowledge us but the chef was standing next   to her did and pointed us to our table.
not a good start!
we were pointed to paper  menus which had seen better days not very professional!
ordered haggis balls which  were lovely however the whisky mayonaise was standard mayo in a shot glass!
my partner had the mussels which he enjoyed, mains i had the steak burger was nice enough but nothing special and he  had the fajitas which looked lovely!
the deal included a cocktail pitcher which was decent.
We were going to order more drinks but overheard someone ask for drinks and got a response with a bit of an attitude we decided to take our money elsewhere with bett er service!
wouldnt return which is a shame as this place could be really good with a bit better service!

This place was good, but it has changed names now and possibly ownership.

