Wow, another new buffet just popped up next door to Hunan VIII & across the street from New China!
...Better give it a try!
:-))  India Oven here is a nice, mid-sized place with the open beam (open pipe?!
) ceiling that is currently popular, no windows (excellent for controlling the lighting!
), & Indian music playing at the right volume.
My server started me off with a big goblet of good-tasting ice water, which got me off to a good start here with it roasting hot outside!
Over at the serving area, there were 19 food choices all together, not counting sauces, & that's a lot for an Indian Buffet.
The salad was way above average, with lots of goodies such as pickled carrot strings to add on, plus a delicious dressing.
The hot table is set up attractively, with lots of good food to dig into, such as Goat Curry, Chicken Vindaloo, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Tandoori (of course!
), & a number of good veggie dishes including a great one with chick peas in it that I should have gotten the name of, but didn't.
They had big plates available, which is something I always appreciate.
It says to me, "Have all you want, we're glad you're here!
"  A couple of things I liked a little less:  *  It was marginally too dim in the place to read the magazine I brought along.
*  The space between the table & the booth seat was a little too great.
I pulled it over, but wouldn't have been able to if someone else had been along to sit on the other side.
*  The container of hot Indian Tea container had been allowed to run out, so I didn't get any.
(Shouldn't have to ask.
)  *  The proprietor lady brought me over just one slice of seasoned Naan Bread, about the size of a slice of pizza.
It was hot & tasty, but there should have been more of it offered.
(Shouldn't have to ask.
)  Gripes aside, the food was excellent here, so it still gets a good strong 4-Stars!
Lunch Buffet $7.95.
Full Bar coming soon.

Indian food is one of my family's favorite types, so we went here to try the place out and see how it was.
Inside were some Indian themed wall paintings, vases, Metalworking, etc.
We couldn't decide what to get so we just went for the buffet.
The Palak Paneer was a bit mild (yet it was the buffet) nevertheless, the food was rich with flavor.
The owners were nice and showed us a back room where parties could be held.
All in all the place was amazing, one of the best Local Indian Kitchens in the valley, can't wait to come back for lunch!

I have a couple basic guidelines, when it comes to restaurants.
First, any place which actively advertises is probably not very good.
If it doesn't sell itself by word of mouth, there's probably a reason.
Second, Indian restaurants which offer a dinner buffet aren't very good.
I see it as an act of desperation to save a failing business.
Still, I figured I'd give India Oven and their dinner buffet a try.
Most things on the buffet were below average.
Nothing stood out as particularly good, and a few things were pretty terrible.
The worst offender was the rice.
It was so hard and crunchy it was inedible.
This problem was compounded by the fact that we waited forever for our naan.
Naan is thin bread cooked in one of the hottest ovens used for cooking food; it takes less than a minute to cook.
Once we got it, though, it was pretty decent.
The tandoori chicken was ok, but it had a sour taste to it, like it had been sprayed with lime juice and left to soak it in.
The chicken didn't taste super-fresh, either, so it might have been cooked and rewarmed.
As for the service, it mainly consisted of about 10 people milling around the small dining room, refilling water, asking how the meal was, and being confused about what went where.
I'm still looking for a great Indian place in the valley, but I've had much better food at Royal Taj in Tempe and Star of India in Ahwatukee.

This restaurant has the best deal for Indian food, plus the buffet is open for both lunch and dinner (Usually you only find Indian buffet open for lunch).
While lunch buffet is $7.99, for 2 dollars more you can go there for dinner buffet which has a large variety of meat dishes, vegetarian dishes, desserts, and includes chai tea and mango lassi in your order.
In addition, they will make fresh tandoori chicken and bring freshly baked naan to your table.
All the buffet items were delicious, although some of the chicken dishes tended to taste a little too similar to each other.
The owner is very friendly and wants to make every effort to make sure you are having the best experience at her restaurant.
If I am ever in the mood for Indian food for dinner, this is the place I will be heading.

My date took me to India Oven one Friday night and though I was bit skeptical of a buffet that served Indian food I was pleasantly surprised!...The buffet was just the right size and offered multiple chicken and lamb dishes in an array of sauces including curry of course rice, salad, fritters and some desserts that I didn't get to try...they also bring out fresh naan bread and a sizzling skillet of chicken with onions and peppers...We were like, "Wait we didn't order this" and the server said, "Don't worry it comes with the buffet!
"...Wow all of this for $8.95!!!
I'm sold!!!
Overall Good food Attentive servers Great change from your "typical" buffets

Where the hell are the amazing Indian restaurants in Phoenix?
In North Scottsdale and Chandler there is Indian Paradise, Tempe has Kohi Noor and Dhaba and now Mesa has India Oven!
No love for Central Phoenix...
But I digress.
India Oven is one hell of an Indian restaurant.
Their buffet is very very diversified and I had to have a sample of nearly everything because it all looked too amazing to pass up!
I mean, they had Lamb Curry in the buffet....LAMB CURRY!
To me, that's a hook, line and sinker.
But, just when I thought I found what I was going to get seconds of, I came across the Chicken Marsala.
To quote a famous mouse, "Oh, me!
Oh, my!
" It was really incredible!
It's definitely something that needs opinions by all you Yelpers salivating while reading this.
One last thing about the buffet is that it changes and expands depending on what's fresh and what time of day you drop by.
I've even heard that they serve Lamb Vindaloo on occasion (again, this is in the buffet).
Plain and simple, if I lived in Mesa, close enough to India Oven to be a frequent customer, I would be sporting plenty of extra happy pounds.
But for now, I'll just use the distance as an excuse to gorge myself and not feel as guilty about it.
Please do me a favor if you're reading this and try this place already.

1st off let me say that I do not know too much about Indian food.
I have eaten Indian food at most only 6 times in my life.
I only started eating it since last year.
But I know good buffet food when I eat it!
This is the 1st time I've had an Indian buffet, but I am mostly scepticle about buffets all-together.
But this one was very good for the money.
(about $10 I think) Nothing was too spicy, but it was all very flavorful and fresh.
I've had better Palak Paneer, but this was acceptable for a buffet.
Whatever the chicken was that they give you tableside, it was deliscious!
Other people are giving it good solid reviews, and I would have to agree.
The service was great.
(I hear that good service @ Indian places is hard to find?
) The inside decor was nice, and the lighting was just fine.
I had a really nice experience, and some really good food.

First off let me say that I dont get the chance to eat Indian food as often as I would like.
and that is because we don't have any good Indian restaurants in the central phx area.
So when I ended up in the East valley today I had to check this place out due to all the good reviews!!!
I was skeptical and on edge that this might not be the experience that I was hoping for...maybe too spicy ...or old food under heat lamps...or bad service...NOT THE CASE!!
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!
India Oven is 10 out of 10 for me.
Service: 10  A smile and a greet as we entered with the wonderful aroma of the buffet made it easy...I was in the right place.
Our waiter was very professional and personable.
He made our first experience Great as he told us about the chef and his 40 yrs of around the world cooking from Europe to India to the USA.
I couldn't wait to go taste his cooking.
They also have a Full bar in a classy environment.
Great place to take a client for lunch or date for dinner.
Quick side note: India Oven is not that big and I'm sure once the word gets out...expect a wait.
Great 42" LCD on the Wall , so we got to watch the College game.
Buffet: 10   Let me just say at first glance ....
I was Lost and my mouth was watering... it all smelled so good and everything and I mean everything was FRESH.
The Chicken Curry, Lamb Curry, Chicken Marsala all were Fantastic!
We were told by the staff the buffet always changes for lunch and every dinner service.
I cant wait to try other dishes from this place.
It was all soo good .... you will want to keep going up til you explode.
They also bring Indian bread and a Sizzling plate of chicken and Lamb to your table that also was amazing.
Price: 10   At $9.95 you simply can not beat it.
I just wish this place was close to the house.
I would def be a frequent customer.
I would also be gaining a few pounds.
Do yourself a favor and try this place out.
I can seriously say I dont think you can go wrong.

Wow this place was awesome!
I felt like I was whisked away to an Indian palace.
This place was decorated nicely with Indian vases and paintings with lots of chandeliers.
They also play Indian music.
NOW for the best part.....the food was delicious!
I went on a Sunday for the buffet during lunch and I had a $6.95 coupon from the newspaper (which is in the paper every single week).
Quite a bargain when we saw all the different choices.
They also have all you can drink mango lassi at the buffet!
When you arrive they bring you a plate of freshly grilled garlic naan and they ask if you'd like more when you polish it off...but we didn't need more after the first serving which was more than plenty.
All of the food was so fresh and hot and full of wonderful flavors.
My favorite was the tika chiken masala, basmati rice, and spinach paneer.
The goat curry was also fabulous and the meat was super tender.
The waitresses and other staff members were very friendly and attentive.
I am definitely a fan and plan to return for the buffet again very very soon!!!!

I am so addicted to India Oven that it's embarassing.
I've been known to come here at least once a week, and occasionally by myself if I can't drag anyone in with me.
Eating alone at a buffet is not usually worth the shame, unless it's here.
The staff is incredibly attentive and kind, and the owner is always fast to come over and ask you about your experience.
The inside is decorated beautifully and the ambiance is low key yet classy.
The lunch/dinner buffets have both mango lassi and chai tea, both of which I love.
Their buffet is the cheapest I have seen ($7.95/lunch, $9.95/dinner) and also the best.
Their Tikka Masala and Spinach Paneer are definitely my favorites, although they have a few rotating dishes that are also amazing.
Lots of variety, always hot, and wonderful flavor.
Closed on Mondays, but otherwise, go give them a visit.

Terrible Indian food.
I'm Indian, so by my standards, this place is terrible.
First, the selection is very skewed.
Only chicken?
The owner's religious preference is pretty apparent here, and mine probably is too, but c'mon, can I get some beef?
I'll be honest though, the chicken dishes that were there were pretty decent.
naan is good, and they actually have some good dessert available for their buffet.
the food isn't that bad.
mango lassi is decent as well, but it wasn't cold, and that was a big turn off.
if there is one dish that exemplifies indian food it is the tandoori chicken.
this place failed with that dish.
ok, you can bring it to me on a sizzling plate, that's cool and all, but it better be tasty.
the tandoori wasn't spicy and it was VERY lemony.
huge turn off.
tandoori has a distinct flavor that can be ruined by too much lemon.
i thought this was a one time thing, so i ordered another...  FAIL.
owner who was taking our order said we couldn't order more than 1 round of chicken.
hmm...i thought i came for the buffet?
this was a HUGE fail.
sorry, but if you aren't going to give me unlimited tandoori chicken, don't call this a buffet.
"we usually don't do reorders on tandoori chicken for buffet, but i will let you this time".
what kind of service is that?
the servers are kind and nice, naan is brought out fairly promptly.
all in all, this place has some huge flaws that give it the 1 star rating.
first off, i've never been to an indian food place that didn't have all you can eat tandoori chicken.
i just can't stress this enough, i was SO shocked when i heard this.
then, the way the owner told me really turned me off.
second, the mango lassi wasn't cold.
if you're mango lassi isn't cold, its like getting a warm milk shake or a warm smoothie.
third, the all chicken dishes really isn't very appealing.
some beef qorma or something would be a great addition.
there is much better stuff in phoenix, keep looking, stay away.

Awesome food!!

I was so impressed by this restaurant!
It's simply delicious food for a great price.
I will definitely go back!

Update:      Went there again last night and I loved it!
Had the buffet again, and tried more things and liked them all.
They serve you some kind of AWESOME chicken on a skillet with your buffet order, and now it seems like they serve you also some ground lamb kabob as well!
It was pretty good.
This time I also tried some of the desserts, and those were freaking awesome too!
The desserts were very light, but very flavorful.
Some type of mango custard, and warm carrot dessert were my favorites.
What a great price!
($10 dinner buffet w/ a coupon from The New Times).
Still have to say that the Palak Paneer is not the best  :(      But it is ok.
Seems like the place has picked up some business, so good for them!
All of the wait-staff was very friendly and attentive.
GREAT service.
-Nik

Great food.
Great service.
The place is very clean.
The price is right too.
Four of us ate the buffet and we got out for $36.00!
What can I say...this place is the BOMB!
Try it.
You'll thank me later!

I had a dinner buffet here this week.
It was one of the best Indian buffets I have had in the US.
There was an excellent variety of both Veg and Non Veg food including desserts.
Food tasted great!
Garlic Naan served hot at the table is great.
Serving Tandoori chicken on a sizzler plate at the table is a master stroke.
The Gulab Jamun was fantastic - hot and fresh.
All this for 9.95$.
I am going again this weekend.

This is one of the worst indian restaurants around.
They use cheap quality ingredients.
The lamb is actually Beef.
Most indian restaurants do that to save money.
The food is completely bland.
Go to India's Grill for real Indian food.
Ive been to all of the valley Indian restaurants, and they are the best.

Great service.
Food was pretty good, they have a really good mix of food in their buffet which was nice since we brought along some friends who had never had Indian food before.
Skip the Samosas they aren't as good as some that I have had.
I would defiantly go back maybe for lunch so we could get the cheaper buffet price.

I cannot say enough fantastic stuff about this place!
My husband and I try to come eat once a week, if possible.
I recommend them to everyone I come in contact with.
We use to go to another Indian restaurant just down the street, but stopped going there once India Oven opened.
From day one we were greeted by the owner so warmly.
The buffet has such a great variety or chicken, lamb and vegetarian dishes.
Everything is always cooked just right and the flavor is never spicy.
The mango lassi is now included with your buffet, all for under $8.00.
It is worth drinking.
She always refills the container when we arrive :-) They refill your naan repeatedly, always check on you to make sure you are enjoying your meal and the place is always clean.
It's the best Indian restaurant I have been to in AZ, and I have tried 3 in Mesa, 2 in Chandler and 3 in Phoenix.
You've definitely got to try it!

Even better now....now with every buffet order they bring you a fresh sizzling platter of tandoori chicken to your table.
Can this place get any better?
My favorite place ever!
The staff is super attentive and you are never out of something to drink.

I just left here and boy, am I stuffed!
It's not everyday that you find an amazing Indian food restaurant that has a lunch AND dinner buffet.
And at such an affordable price!
Lassis, Tea, Naan, and red chicken all included.
The mint chutney is way up there in my favs from all over the country, and no meal is finished for me without vegetable samosas.
I know it wont make a difference to many, but the only thing that withheld that last star, for me, was the minimal vegetarian/vegan options.
I'm not too picky, but most all of the dishes were paneer, ie: with cheese.
Overall: pure deliciousness.

Amazing prices and delicious food.
Tons of vegetarian options, and chai and lassi are included in the buffet.
Real tandoori ovens make for awesome naan.
Most definitely worth a stop.
Come with an appetite!

Amazing service, buffet and great price!
Best advice I have is go on during the lunch buffet, they have really good service too!

We just came back from our first time at India Oven but not the first time we have had Indian food.
We both got the buffet, which came with delicious Naan and Tandoori chicken -- brought straight to our table from the kitchen.
Everything lived up to the other glowing reviews for this place on Yelp.
Some small disappointments were that the Naan was garlic -- we would have preferred plain to try for our first time out.
Also, the mango lassi was a little warmer than I would have liked - but still was tasty!
And like the other yelpers have mentioned, the spice level was low on the buffet.
Some of the things we really appreciated:  the place was clean, service was very attentive, the chicken tikka masala was very flavorful and we couldn't imagine it being better anywhere else!
Overall, we really enjoyed our experience and will be back again!

What's the lowdown?
Amazingly cheap, amazingly flavorful Indian food well-prepared and served at excellent prices by a friendly and attentive staff.
Oh, you want more?
Why aren't you eating there yet?
The only thing keeping this restaurant from being 5 stars is that the atmosphere can be a bit odd at times.
High-backed booth seating can make for a nicely intimate dinner date, but the presence of 2 large flat-screen tvs can become distracting for 1/2 of the table (depending on where you're seated within the restaurant).
The staff are unfailingly polite and attentive, as well as happy to explain the dishes for someone not familiar with Indian cuisine.
The buffet comprises a very good selection of vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes.
Many of the staples don't change but there is enough rotation that I've never felt bored with the offereings.
Beef, chicken, and lamb are all cooked equally well and the various sauces and curries exemplify the flavorful cooking tradition of India.
Back to what's important, I now want Indian for lunch.
I hope you're happy...

My bf and I live nearby and never been to IO until today.
The service was impressive, my water was never empty!
Daisy was so sweet and had explained to us all the different curry options at the buffet.
She also explained that the curry options change daily.
After we had gotten our plates filled with the curries from the buffet, the waiter brought over a sizzling plate of tandori chicken on onions and fresh naan in a basket.
For a minute there, I thought the waiter had made a mistake and told him that we hadn't ordered any of those things, he assured to me that they came with the buffet.
I thought the raita was interesting, as I've never had potato in my raita.
The yogurt mango drink was tasty and I can't believe it came with the buffet.
The price was amazing!!!
OVERALL EXPERIENCE: We will definitely eat here again :)

We've eaten here several times and have never gone wrong with any of the chicken or lamb dishes.
I have not been able to bring myself to try any of the goat dishes yet, but it is on my bucket list.
This time around we had the Madrasi Lamb and Chicken Tikka Marsala which were both delicious.
The Chicken Pakoras were a great start to the meal.
Although they do slightly resemble chicken nuggets, they certainly do not taste processed.
We always enjoy any of their bread selections.
This time around it was Garlic Naan, but again, you can't really go wrong with any of them.
The Golab Jamon dessert--homemade cheese balls made from cream of milk in a scented light syrup--is ridiculous.
Tastes like small puffs of pancake-y heaven.
It is super inexpensive with most dishes in the $10 range.
The service is the best I've ever had.
Everyone is so friendly and accommodating.
The atmosphere is open and light.
Unfortunately, it is always a really slow whenever we go.
Hopefully, that only means that we come at the right time.
Everyone should be eating here.

Excellent Indian food!
The buffet is an amazing deal.
It comes with so much delicious food!
I've never been to a better Indian buffet.
Wish I lived in Phoenix so that I could eat here again!

I'm gonna keep it short, everything was amazing!
The naan was great, carrot pudding was great, service... EVERYTHING.

Great food and fantastic service.
The staff made sure I always had naan and water in my glass, and the food was excellent.

WOW!
I am a big fan of this place.
The friendly staff is always attentive.
The food is great, probably the best buffet style Indian food I have ever eaten.
The price is right.
All combined make this a place I am sure to frequent.

Wow, what a bargain!
Delicious dinner buffet for only $10 and that includes a hot spicy tea and mango lassi.
Great service and clean.
My only suggestion would to move the rice to the beginning of the buffet so that stupid Americans don't double back in line.

I love it here!
I only have gone here a couple of times for the buffet but I think thats the smart way to go!
I had my first Indian food experience here so I have nothing to really compare to.
I did have the buffet during lunch and dinner and there are only minor differences but the food is always delicious!
I love how they bring hot garlic naan out to your table and refill it once its gone.
I love trying new food and the buffet help me do just that.
I get to taste a little bit of everything without having to waste food or burn a hole in my wallet.
Now I know what I like [: The bf at the time loves their chicken tikka masala, which I agree is absolutely amazing!
But I also love their yogurt sauce and the mint chutney.
I seem to want to put those 2 sauces all over everything I eat.
Oh and I love the basmati rice!
Its so different from all the rice I ever tried before but in a good way!
The staff is real friendly and always refill your drinks and make sure you have everything you need all the time.
If you want Indian food, you should definitely come here!
Amazing delicious food and friendly service.
Win win!

Some of the most Bland Indian food in town.
i eat Indian about once a week and would consider myself an "Indian Buffet guru".
This Buffet is more than sub par with very awkward stand right by the table and stare at you type service.
Bad.
Pass.
If you want better in this area try Guru Palace.
But even still that place is not amazing either.

I read through all the reviews on Yelp before trying this place.
I'm always a little wary of buffets to begin with, but even more so when it's an Indian, Thai, etc buffet.
They always seem to fall flat in every way possible.
But since most of the reviews were positive, I decided to take a chance and drag the gf out for dinner.
And I'm so glad I did!
We showed up around 6:30 and there were already cars in the parking lot.
We were seated in a booth and immediately brought water.
We let the server know we were getting the buffet and went at it.
The selection was pretty fantastic.
A good variety of vegetarian and non vegetarian options.
Three lamb dishes, three or 4 chicken dishes, aloo gobi, two different paneer dishes, salad stuff, and dessert.
My plate was piled high with all my favourites, and my gf took this chance to try just about everything having never had Indian food before.
I have to say, it was some of the better Indian food i've had in Arizona.
(I feel like I can say that, not just because I'm a foodie, but because I spent several years living in that part of the world and had many Indian friends growing up, so I was able to experience all types of Indian cuisine.
)  The flavours were all there, and the different chutneys went great with the order of papadum that we got.
It's an extra $1.
Order it, if you've never tried it before.
We got back to the table and we had a HUGE piece of garlic naan and a sizzling plate of tandoori chicken waiting for us, both of which were excellent.
The desserts were a perfect ending.
The cheese balls soaked in the honey lavender syrup were amazing, the rice pudding was great.
They even had a sweet carrot pudding, but I didn't try it, not being a fan of carrots in general.
You can't beat $10 a person for a great buffet that included all the usual suspects and some you might not have tried, mango lassi, tandoori chicken and naan.
As we left, the restaurant was getting busier.
There were several tables of Indian families, which I always take as a good sign, as well as a mix of others.
We'll definitely be going back!

A man sits at his cubicle .
A man listens, and laughs at the latest trends, as vapid chattering of who cheated on whom, what Snooki is doing next, does this dress make me look fat, do you ever eat cantaloupe with mayo ( WTF?!?!).
A man hears one snippet of information that he scoffs at, but files away for future use, at mention of India Oven being the pinnacle of  lunchtime specials.
A man expects a meal as insubstantial as his co-workers conversation.
A man's expectations are defeated.
Multiple times.
A man cannot deny the siren call of India Oven's delicious food.
Words fail to spring to mind for this man, as he stops thinking in words and begins thinking in terms of curry.
A man has tried every item India Oven offers in their buffet over the course of 5 meals, and has yet to be disappointed.
A man assures the reader he/she will become helplessly addicted as well.

I generally avoid buffets.
They're just not my thing.
However, I was seriously craving some Indian food for lunch today, and I'd had this place bookmarked to try.
All I can say is that I'm glad I broke my buffet rule and gave India Oven a spin.
This place was phenomenal!!!
Hot food, great quality and stellar service...all three things I usually find buffet joints lacking in.
The garlic naan was probably the best naan I've ever had.
Go here.
You will not be disappointed.

This place has become a new family favorite.
We love that they offer a buffet at dinner.
It's a great way to feed a large group of people inexpensively.
The gluttons in my family eat themselves into a sickly stupor every single time.
What really makes Indian Oven a great value-- mango lassi, chai, garlic naan, and tandoori chicken are all included with the buffet.
Once they brought out seekh kebabs instead, and some of the men in our group nearly shed tears of joy.
Service is excellent.
Business has really picked up for them so there are lots of new faces, but they are all trained well.
The female owner remarked, "We haven't seen you in awhile.
" Very nice of her to remember.
One of their waiters offered to fix me up a plate with the puffed rice and chutneys that is similar to an Indian snack found on street carts.
I've never encountered anything else like that at other Indian restaurants.
Most of the dishes are great although not quite as good as my beloved Royal Taj.
But Indian Oven is affordable, delicious and closer to my house so I'll happily keep returning.

This place is amazing!
Free tandori chicken, naan, and nice buffet options.
It doesnt get any better than this in AZ!

"Jewel in the desert" that's how I would start my review.
I have been living in the valley about 5 years and from past three years we stopped going to Indian restaurant.
When you know a cuisine inside out, you have your bars high this is how you feel.
Most of the Indian restaurants do good business but not great food.
But Indian Oven says you serve great food and also good business.
I went on a week day and still found some great food.
Here is the list, they have 5+ both chicken and lamb and 8+vegi dishes...if you count the dishes i will say easily18- 22.Now that's on week days.
The chicken makhini and lamb vindaloo were great and they also have Indian meat ball curry....awesome and you will not find it anywhere.
The palak paneer is authentic trust me you can still see the palak and its freshly made paneer.
Do not forget to have all the deserts as every desert they have is the best and you need it after have some spicy food.
I would not be doing justice if I do not mention their freshly served...freshly folks... naan in the valley...yep they see you then they make it and it's the best naan you can have .
The taste and freshness of each dish and the authenticity is 5star and serving fresh tandoor on sizzler wants me to add another star.
The people including the owner will ask you about the food and refill your water every single time.
They take care of you throughout the time.
If you are not going to this place...you are not eating real Indian food.(period!!!).
I felt the owners have set tehir bars very high fortheir food cleanliness and service and you can see that.
I wish India oven all the best and pray to god they stay forever....

This place was recommended to us by an Indian coworker.
He said the food was very good, and reasonably priced.
So we decided to check it out.
For our first visit we opted for the buffet.
A way to try several dishes at once.
All the food was very good!
My one negative would be that the vindaloo was not spicy.
A good vindaloo is VERY hot.
But on a buffet they have to appeal to everyone, so they can't do that.
Next time I'm ordering from the menu!
Allowing for that, everything was very good.
The buffet  had a selection of chicken and lamb dishes, plus vegetarian, and several desserts.
They also had Indian chai tea, and a mango drink.
The naan bread was very good, too.
My coworker was correct.
Easily the best Indian food we've found in the Phoenix area.
No contest.

I can't say enough about this place.
I've only been three times but I can confidently say this place 1ups ALL of the Indian restaurants in Vegas.
It is quality cooked Punjabi food.
It is as good as my Mom's cooking (and that says a lot haha).
The Aunty and Uncle that own this restaurant are so humble and accommodating, they always make me feel as though I'm at home (even though I only know them through the restaurant).
I would really recommend to go for the brunch/lunch buffet.
There are soo many selections, vegetarian and non-veg.
The food is fresh, the pakoras and samosas are always hot and crunchy!
Additionally, they have complimentary mango lassi, along with at least two Indian dessert options, and fresh fruit!
[I'm getting hungry writing about this place, haa.
] When family comes to visit and they are want to go out to eat, this restaurant is going to be the go-to spot!

I fill in at an office near by here from time to time, and every night when I go home delicious aromas waft from their building to my nose, making me instantly hungry and causing me to break every speed limit to get home and have some dinner.
Today was finally my day to try them out for lunch.
I only ordered the veggie korma and a garlic naan to go, and the gentleman working there threw in some of those soggy dough nut dessert thingies, which was very sweet.
Everyone was nice, my order was done on time, and the food was exactly what I had hoped for.
My spice level for today was medium, which was good, but I think I'll go all the way next time.
The buffet also looked great, maybe I'll go that route next week.

Wonderful food & staff, loved it today!

They have the Best and cheapest buffet in this part of town served by the best and nicest servers.
It's still a buffet so not everything will blow you away but its all good and filling.
Great way to blow off the Cards when they suck on Sundays.
(that's often -I have season tickets, who wants some?

Hard.

Great food, good selection of Indian beers, very friendly staff....Great price too!
Will definitely visit again.

$9, all you can eat.
No, that's not just the lunch special, that's the buffet price all day long.
We're talking fantastic, authentic Indian food here.
Great variety of taste, lots of vegetarian options, tasty naan, and friendly service top off the experience at India Oven.
Nothing more to say--a long, detailed review isn't necessary here.
Just try it for yourself and enjoy!

Delicious, hot and fresh.
That's about the extent of my Indian food knowledge.
Curry, Chicken and Lamb, Fresh hot  flat bread.
All hot, fresh and delicious!

Great food!
Great buffet!
There is a vegetarian section in the buffet!
All buffets should be this good.
And the garlic naan was amazing and hot.

My wife and I went here for lunch today.
Now just for clarification my wife is not one to enjoy foods that are ethnic.
She left this place raving.
The lamb was delicious as was the basmati rice.
Hmm the naan (flatbread) was divine.
Even the deserts were delicious: cheese donut thing, carrot pudding, and this amazing mango pudding.
The two of us enjoyed a delicious and filling lunch in a wonderful atmosphere for about $20 bucks.
Not bad!

Thank you Phx for not completely sucking in the Indian food sector.
This place was a surprise.
I won't compare it to anything in LA, because its hard to beat their cost and taste.
But the food was affordable and the flavors were enjoyable.
When I ate the murg makhani or the beghan bhatra, I wasn't angry!
Everything tasted fresh, the dinner buffet looked good, and the owners are very hospitable.
Sooooo much better than Guru Palace...I don't understand how anyone can eat there.
I didn't have the dinner buffet, but since it looked fresh and included lassi and chai, $9 seems like a great value and will definitely indulge in it next time.
At the end, they gave us some gulab jamun and it was warn and cooked well...not frozen, thank gawd!
My only complaint is that the spice level was a little low for us, but considering the lack of decent indian food in the area, it's really not a make or break thing.
With everything we ordered, plus leftovers, we got out of there for less than $30.

We organized an India Culture Dinner Party in their banquet hall for ASU MBA students last week.
We were well over 100 people and it was a great evening.
Lovely food, great music and drinks.
Thanks India Oven, we would come back again next year.

Great food.
Attentive staff.
Reasonable prices.
This place was a good find on Yelp.
The food was excellent and the staff was very accommodating and pleasant (never an empty glass or dirty plate on your table for more than 15 seconds : )  .

Really good food !
Excellent value for all you get.
Two chicken dishes, two lamb dishes, two types of rice plus loads of veggie dishes and desserts.
Plus they bring steaming hot tandoori chicken and garlic naans to yr table.
Very clean and friendly ;))))

9.95 for this delicious food?
Sign me up.
This place is twice as good as Dhaba, half the price and fantastic service.
Dhaba "You're Fired!

Very good, great service, good price,   We have never had Indian food before.
Great first time!

Food was good and filling...I had the buffet...which had a decent selection for the price...the people running the restaurant are very friendly.
The mango custard for dessert is Yummy!

My husband and I stopped by to have dinner last night and OMG!
the food and service was DELICIOUS!
It was a late dinner so wasn't until 9 that we dropped in, but I'll tell you this...the food in the buffet was still fresh and great!
They even brought us out from fresh chicken masala off the grill with some nice sauteed onions!
Gotta try it out if you haven't done so already!
and if you have been there -see you there!

Love it!!!
Great friendly staff, even better food!!
Probably the best quality buffet food ive ever had!
I cant wait to return!

I just came here today for lunch with a few friends.
I'm a fan!
Many times when you go to buffet and the stuff looks old or subpar.
This one looked good and inviting.
They have a good variety of options with your typicals.
I was impressed though cuz there were a few that aren't the usuals, so that was a plus!
I very much liked the mango lassi, the garlic naan that they give you (and make sure that you always have at least 3 on your table).
The service was very attentive (sometimes a little too much, but I prefer that over none ;) ) The lamb today wasn't very tender, a bit dry, but I won't write them off cuz of that.
To be quite honest, I can't tell the authenticity of the flavors of the dishes since I'm not Indian nor did I have that upbringing.
But compared to other Indian restaurants that I've tried (which are plenty), this one is good!
My other fav was their rice pudding and carrot dessert (I'm drawing a blank right now).
That was good...
Looking fwd to bringing the hubs here!

This place is really good!
I got the buffet when I went, and I was very pleasantly surprised.
It was flavorful and the naan was great.
The service was really amazing too, everyone was very nice.
The only thing they could improve on is their samosas, I think.
Samosas are my favorite, and these were tasty but not the best I've had - and they were too small.

I was wanting Indian food while I was home and hopped onto Yelp for suggestions.
I went during lunch with my brother and his friend (who likes this place a lot).
It is located in a strip mall right next to another buffet.
It wasn't terribly busy when I went but the food was delicious; from what I recall, there were 2 lamb dishes, 3 chicken dishes (including tandoori), salad, a variety of vegetarian dishes, and at least 3 different desserts.
Fresh garlic naan is brought to your table.
They also had tea and mango lassi to drink.
The service was very friendly, and the food is some of the best Indian I've had.
I typically expect less at these prices, but I can definitely say that I was pleasantly surprised!
Just a bit of warning from my friend to you, try not to go in with clothing you plan on wearing again soon before washing.
You won't be able to tell since you came out of Indian food heaven, but others around you will :P

Awesome food, awesome service.

Wow.
I don't even know where to begin with this review.
I will not rattle off all of the names of the dishes to try because quite simply every single dish I have tried at this place is absolutely fabulous.
We always go for the buffet because its the best way to taste a little bit (or a lot) of everything and the price is unbeatable.
The staff super friendly and courteous!
The spectacular food and a nice tall cold Taj makes for an unbelievable dinner...or lunch.
This place is five stars all the way!
When you compare what you get for your money elsewhere, this place takes the prize.
Every person we bring to this restaurant is amazed and you will be amazed too!

This place gets 5 stars from me!
I have been here twice and it has yet to dissapoint!
some reviewers say that the food isn't as spicy as it would be if you ordered the dish on its own, while this is true at a buffet you have to appeal to a larger number of people.
The flavor is still 100% there!
The Tikka is great (one of the best I have tried), as well as the lamb vindaloo, they also have great vegetarian options.
The buffet comes with unlimited naan and mango lassi and a plate of tandoori chicken.
Overall the service is great and I would eat there every week if I could!
:) it is about 9.99 per person, but a great deal!

went last night and loved the buffet!

1St Indian food experience was a pleasant one.
Great value in the buffet and staff was great.

I had my dad's 60th Birthday party catered by Indian Oven, and the experience was very pleasant!
The food was warm, fresh, amazing, and on time!
I have so many leftovers, I am thinking of opening my own restaurant :)  Staff was very personable and she helped narrow down all of the entrees to our liking.
Very decent prices for dinner buffet!
Constantly refilling naan and tandoori chicken!
Yumm!!

Great food!!!
They have a lunch and a dinner Buffett, both are very inexpensive and the food is soooooooo good!
Lots of veggie options!

$9.95 for the dinner buffet that includes tandoori chicken and perfect garlicky naan brought straight to your table.
I'm pretty sure I had about $7 in naan myself.
How can you beat that?
Well it takes more than price for me to be happy.
It takes good food, and India Oven has that as well.
I'm not usually a fan of buffets...food is often not so great and sometimes the choices are limited.
But in this case, neither of those applied.
I checked out the buffet before sitting down, and found quite a bit to choose from.
I tried most of the dishes.
In a few cases, I didn't even know what I was eating, but I knew I liked it!
I did find it a little odd that we walked in at opening, yet a few things were barely warm though.
Also, if you like things hot, you may want to order off the menu as the buffet is quite mild.
The sizzling tandoori chicken bumped this buffet up to 4 stars.
Definitely worth the drive, and I don't say that about many things.
I hate driving.

We went for Valentines day and they were very busy, and trying to make sure everyone was happy.
For a very busy night, service was pretty good.
The food is what matters most, and it was good too (we had the buffet).
The best was the Chicken Tikki Masala and Lamb Vindaloo, in addition to the Pakoras.
There was some other chicken dish that was good but I forget the name, I hadn't heard of it before.
It was in more of a broth vs. a creamy sauce.
There were some vegetarian options but not tons.
Samosas and naan weren't the best I've had, but not bad.
I'd like to go again.

I love this place.
The food is always fresh and they keep the naan coming.
This is where I go when I want to get my chicken tikka masala on!
Try the carrot pudding for desert.
I know it sounds a bit weird at first but trust me.
This recommendation is coming from an avid Indian food eater.
Enjoy!

Excellent!
Had a dinner get together with some friends that were visiting from India, and I wanted to have thier input as well as have good food as they are used to in thier homeland.
Everyone was quite happy the staff was very friendly and very helpful in explaining some of the dishes that we asked about.
Everyone had the buffet which was very fresh and very good.
Even a friend who was a litte intimidated at first quite enjoyed the food.
There is great selection between vegetarian and non-vegetarian.

This is the first Indian buffet I've ever been to, and it is absolutely wonderful!
All the sauces are unique from the next and there are so many flavors to choose from.
The fresh, hot naan is glorious and there are a variety of delicious drinks as well (mango smoothie, chai, etc).
Also, the service here is unbeatable, something I would never have expected for a buffet.
The restaurant is bustling but the atmosphere is great.
Low lighting, warm, friendly, and welcoming.
Tables are large for large gatherings.

I've been to about 6 or 7 indian buffets across the valley and this is the best one I've been to.
There is no doubt I'll be back here.

I went here the other day with a friend after reading all of the glowing reviews, but it was just ok!
Sad day.
The people who work here are very nice and friendly and the price really can't be beat, but the food was not the best I have had around the valley.
We both got the buffet (of course) and it had high points and low points.
I thought the lamb (or goat?
) was a little tough (usually it's so tender from being cooked in the sauce all day....not really the case) and the same with the chicken.
The chicken tikka masala sauce was really tasty though....gotta love that.
I also liked that the buffet comes with mango lassi and chai tea...definite plus.
I did not, however, like that they brought out the tandoori chicken to every table because I don't like tandori chicken and I felt really bad just leaving it there.... maybe they should ask first so they don't waste their food....
Anyway, the buffet is large and has a lot of variety, but the flavor just isn't as good as some other buffets....maybe I'll give them another shot sometime in the future, it could have just been the night...

I have now been to India Oven at least 6 times, all for the dinner buffet.
Each and every time the food has been fresh, hot and extremely good.
It is hard to beat a dinner buffet that also includes fresh naan and tandoori chicken.
In fact my PICKY 5 year old can eat the chicken tikka every day and be extremely happy.
The only problem with putting up a good review here is that we like it being a hidden gem....we don't want to have to fight off the crowds!

Great food at affordable prices.

Thanks to Stephanie T for clearly pointing out the dinner buffet!
This was super satisfying and they really go one step beyond your usual buffet.
For one, they serve up garlic naan fresh and hot and don't charge extra.
Some places will just give the regular naan and charge more for the garlicky goodness.
Two, they serve a piece of fresh tandoori chicken to your table instead of letting it just dry out on the buffet.
(And its tangy!
Me likes.
)  Three, the mango custard dessert is better than average and there is fresh hot chai--all on the buffet.
Again, no extra charges!
Oh yeah, and the regular food was pretty tasty.
The buffet is laid out by vegetarian or not so if you're not a meat lover then its easy to find and decipher your food.
I had a nice glass of Cabernet which was just fine, no complaints.
All in all, I am satisfied and I like the feel of the whole place.
The owner (?
) came around and said hello and checked in and seemed to know many of the diners there (many hugs were going around) .
Cool atmosphere.
Homey.

YUM!
Been here twice now and I love the service and the food.
It's a cramped space with steaming serving trays with a good variety of Indian foods just waiting to be tried.
At the table they bring you a baked flat bread with cheese and for dessert an Indian style rice pudding and peach pudding.

This place made me sick.
No, no, not like that!
I just had the buffet and ate too much.
Now it's my fault for being a glutton, I admit, but the food was just too good.
The servers were very attentive and were quick to offer drink refills and replenish our supply of their amazing naan.
The food here is so good I'm almost afraid to go back and risk another food induced coma.

Amazing authentic food.
I highly recommend the buffet.
Friendly staff.
Definitely coming back.

I admit I had my  reservations about coming to an Indian food buffet, but this place pleasantly surprised me.
$9.95 for the dinner buffet & $7.95 for lunch.
There are not as many choices as one would expect from a buffet, but the food is so good that you won't be bothered - the chicken marsala was my favorite.
I love the tea that comes free with the buffet (along with mango smoothies).
And they automatically bring garlic naan bread (delicious!
) and chicken tandoori as an appetizer - free!
The staff is extremely friendly & attentive - my glass never reached half empty.
While I appreciate it, they are almost TOO attentive at times, to the point where it's slightly uncomfortable.
Also, they don't assign one waiter to a table, just whoever is available checks on you, which brings a lot of repetition - as satisfied as I was, I didn't want to have to keep telling each individual waiter I was doing OK every 5 minutes.
Still, India Oven serves wonderful food and I will definitely be a repeat customer.

I've never had Indian food but I've always wanted to try it.
So when we heard about the India Oven we just had to try it.
At least with a buffet you can pick and choose what you wanted.
I agreed with Dawn once we were done!
Definitely over stuffed myself.
Very awesome place.

AMAZING Buffet.
Super Friendly Staff.
The flavors from this food are absolutely incredible.
I would recommend this place to anybody looking to eat delicious Indian food.

I decided to drive across town today to try the buffet here after searching and reading the reviews.
i was not disappointed because this is the best Indian buffet I have found in Az!
The food was a step up from everything else I have tried, excellent selection with delicious spices.
I thought the food was a bit spicier than the average buffet and I really like it that way.
Service was very friendly and attentive, it could not have been any better.
Well worth the drive across town, I will definitely be back!

Very good food.
I never thought a buffet could be this good, but it was.
And the advantages of a buffet is that you can try many things.
In this case, every item I tried was extremely good.

Came here with my Indian friend who said she would not be embarrassed to take me here for the food.
So i thought that was a sign of good things to come.
They have a buffet which was affordable (less than $10) with great selection (vegetarian, meats, mango yogurt, desert, etc) If you want other dishes, they got a full menu as well.
I thought the food was great.
Every dish I tried were flavorful and fresh.
They even brought out fresh warm naan came out when we sat down at the table.
YUM.
Oh and they gave us a hot plate of chicken as well (maybe this is also complimentary?
) Anyhoo, I would totally come back here for an insatiable Indian food craving.

I've been here a handful of times, usually for dinner but today I went for lunch.
I expected the lunch buffet to be inexpensive because the dinner buffet is only $9.99 (what what?!
yes, please!
), but the lunch buffet is $8.99 (not as exciting, boo).
Nevertheless, the food is always delicious, the service always fantastic, and it's one of my fave Indian places I've been to.
Will probably stick to the dinner buffet though because I'm not that keen on spending $14 on lunch (for buffet, Diet Coke & tip) and then being way-too-full the rest of the day because I couldn't stop eating all the deliciousness.

Excellent place, went here twice in a week.
That's when I learned I could eat Indian every day, no problem!
Buffet is very reasonably priced, all dishes are good, some are very good.
Some indian dishes I've never heard of, such as carrot pudding or egg curry.
Fantastic to try new stuff.
None of it is super-spicy, they really could add a little more kick to some of the items.
Downside is I apparently cannot back away from the food soon enough.
I over-ate so much, it was ridiculous.
Both times, I knew the second time there was a problem here, and I hit that buffet like a whale scooping krill.
tl;dr I'm an idiot with poor self-control, but this place will hook you up.

Yes yes yes.
This place is everything yummy that everyone has said it was!
Have to admit.
I was skeptical.
Buffets generally fall short with food sitting too long in warming tables, lots of grease, etc etc.
that isn't the deal,here!
Nothing stays in the warmers long enough to get  over - done.
They are quick to replace items when needed and everything was really delicious.
The service is awesome.
You really get the feeling that the family that runs the place is inviting you into their home, and they want you to enjoy what they have made for you.
The lamb dish melted in my mouth, chicken was moist and yummy and the rice pudding has just enough sweetness.
We have found a new favorite place.
And if you can eat this well, anywhere else for $9.95, and eat so much with good variety...I just want to know WHERE?
Delish!

One of my three favorite buffet experiences of all time!!
The other two were held at my wedding reception (amazing home-cooked Polish food) and aboard a cruise ship.
While I'll never return to either, I'm so glad that India Oven is one I'll get to revisit often.
For me, it was the best of both worlds.
Professional service and food prepared with real heart.
On a Friday night, after work, my family decided to indulge me and I got to pick our dinner destination.
I've never been more glad that I choose someplace new.
And based on (yes) YELP reviews, I decided we'd head over to India Oven and give it a try.
The moment we walked in the door we were greeted professionally by smiling staff members that imply, without saying, that your dinner experience is going to be something special.
While there is a dinner menu, one quick pass by the buffet (which is smaller, but without question more flavorful, than most) convinced me that I'd go for the all-you-can-eat experience.
The buffet line is divided into three segments; vegetarian, non-vegetarian (chicken, lamb & goat dishes) & salad/dessert.
There wasn't one item that I put on my plate that wasn't a symphony of flavor that combined so well with the next dish.
Everything was seasoned so well and absolutely delicious.
Like many of the reviewers I've read who've already had the pleasure of experiencing the food here, the only problem was my stomach wasn't  larger.
I left the table stuffed to the gills.
I could tell that whoever was responsible for the fresh and flavorful buffet really cared about the people they were cooking for.
Believe me, you can actually taste it.
Try it!
You'll love it.
And I've never been more motivated to leave a large tip after a buffet style dinner.
Not my typical M.O., but the service is really that good.
5 absolutely well earned STARS!
India Oven combined excellent service and a stellar buffet and I'll be back again and again.

This place is amazing!
The staff is helpful and friendly.
Food is great with a wide variety of dishes.
The price can't be beat.

My husband and I have been talking about finding a good Indian food restaurant and we saw the reviews and decided to try India Oven with our two young kids (3 and 1).
It was delicious!
Our 1 year old ate all the fruit and chicken we would put in front of him and my picky daughter didn't eat much, but my husband and I made up for it.
The dinner buffet was about $9.50 and there was a great variety of food plus the garlic naan and chicken they brought out was heavenly.
We will definitely be back.

This is the best restaurant ever!
Anyone who does not agree is just plain crazy.
The food is delish, the service attentive, and great atmosphere.

My husband and I saw the great reviews on Yelp.com about this place and decided to go there after hiking to Humphrey's Peak.
We got there around 7:30pm on a Saturday night.
It was busy, but we got seated right away.
Immediately after entering the restaurant, a nice man greeted us and said he'd clear a table right away.
The staff couldn't have been any friendlier or attentive.
We were totally blown away by the selection on the buffet and that we got tandori chicken sizzling served at our table that came with the buffet.
They also brought awesome garlic naan and had mango lassi on the buffet to drink as you like.
The price was amazing and we're wondering just how they stay in business with prices that low!
We tasted everything and nothing disappointed us.
The food was delicious!
We really can say nothing bad about this place.
It was amazing!
We live 3 hours away, but we'll definitely go back when we're back in the area!

I have been here about 8 times for dinner and my kids have to wheel me out to the car in a wheel barrel!
The food is so good and the staff is always on top of our needs.
The variety and amounts truly are great and the owners really seem to care if you enjoy your experience with them...can't recommend them enough.

As my first dinner in Mesa - I looked to Yelp and found my answer.
With my usual enormous dinner appetite I decided that a well-regarded Indian buffet was right up my alley.
I showed up around 7pm and was instantly seated at a dimly-lit, partitioned-off two-seater (note: good option for a date).
It became immediately apparent how attentive the staff was when I was served a complimentary piece of sizzling chicken tandoori (placed on a bed of cabbage and sauted peppers/onions), followed by some freshly made garlic naan as I sat down with my buffet starter plate of samosa, vege fritters, sweet cheese balls and some accompanying sweet/spicy sauces.
A little about the spread: They have a nice variety of savory chicken, lamb, goat and even egg dishes.
A tasty chicken biryani, or an optional bismati rice right out of the steamer go great with any of the creamy masalas/currys.
There are some vegetarian dishes as well, and they have bottomless mango lassi and creamy tea available to wash it all down.
I tried almost everything they offered and enjoyed it all - up to the point where I could barely manage to grunt when offered service by the ever-so-attentive waitstaff.
But I had my mind fixated on one item I saw up there..
I had to go on..
I took a final, small plate and loaded up two scoops of their mango custard.
Woooww..
In my food-borne inebriation my eyelids sagged whenever this godlike concoction hit my tastebuds.
Insulting my already overstuffed stomach with a final, unneccessary swig of their delicious tea I was walking out with a large grin on my face - knowing that I have already found a keeper on my first night out :)

Hands down the best Indian buffet I've ever been to!
We definitely eat here at least once a week.

We have been here a few times, and it's great every time.
If you order off the dinner menu you won't be disappointed.
If you get the dinner or lunch buffet you'll be in paradise.
The only problem I have ever had with the food was a lunch lamb kabob that was overdone (no ones perfect all the time).
It simply can't be overstated, Everything here is soooo good.
India Oven has some of the best service I've ever received at a restaurant (every time).
Don't be intimidated if you are unfamiliar with Indian food, the staff are great about helping newbies and answering questions.
Prices are reasonable enough to go often rather than just for special occasions...so give this place a try.

Oh buffets, why must you tempt me so?
Delicious food here at India Oven, and wonderful service!
If you are looking for a wide array of authentic food, this is the place to go.
We came for a dinner buffet on a Sunday evening.
It wasn't busy at all, and for $10 a person, we couldn't pass it up.
We were greeted warmly and seated quickly.
The restaurant has a lot of Indian decor, there is a TV on one of the walls, and a full bar on the left side with authentic Indian beers.
After we got our first plate of buffet food and sat down, we were brought a freshly made Tandoori Chicken!
Sizzling hot, the chicken and beef were aromatic and tasty.
The garlic naan served at the table was fresh out of the oven, steaming, and had just the right amount of garlic flavor.
Everything on the buffet was wonderful.
We had to try a little bit of everything, but were are sure glad we did.
The buffet was separated into non-vegetarian, vegetarian, and salad/dessert.
The meat section had lamb, goat, chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, and three different rices.
The vegetarian section had lentil soup, aloo gobi (cauliflower with potatoes), two tofu dishes, and a couple others I don't remember.
There was a salad bar with salsas, dressings, and watermelon (yum!).
Next to the salad bar were also vegetable samosas (warm, crisp on the outside, tender on the inside, and terrifically spiced), and vegetable fritters.
The desserts included fried cheese balls with light syrup, rice pudding, and a small nut/almond based cookie.
They also had a few drinks available on the edge of the buffet.
Bottom line is you get way more than for bargained for, especially for a $10 dinner.
Service is top notch, and we will definitely come again and pick some of our favorites.

I stopped here on my way to the airport from my job southeast of Phoenix.
This is probably the best buffet I've ever had of any type of food, and possibly the best Indian food I've ever had in my life.
I live in Tucson where there are a couple adequate Indian places, but nothing to rival this.
I think I would even drive to this place from Tucson if I had enough of a craving for Indian food and a free evening.
AMAZING food, service, etc.
I've had tons of Indian food all over the country, Northern and Southern style; this place is one of the best ever!

Found this restaurant on Yelp and was not disappointed....food was fantastic.
My favorite dish was even on the buffet...mali kofta.
The service was quick and they even brought out fresh hot chicken and lamb for my son (this in included in the buffet price of $9.95).
This restaurant is everything I had hoped for...great value, delicious food and amazing service.

I took my 16 month old son here this weekend while my husband and daughter were seeing a movie together.
No one in my family likes ethnic food (and I am Persian!
) so its important to me to expose my son to as many types of foods possible while hes still young and open.
I took him in for the buffet at 5:00 pm on the dot.
I wanted to get in early since it is a busy night for restuarants and I didnt know how well he would behave.
I got a plate with a little bit of everything on it, as well as a small plastic salad plate (empty) for him to eat off of.
In the meantime we got our bread and the wait staff was very helpful making sure I had what I needed for him.
They brought a spoon and paper napkins to the table and had taken away the second fork before I had even returned from the buffet.
I was impressed.
He played around with the food at first, but really got going towards the end.
He really liked the Basmati rice and the lentil stew (I can never remember the names).
After that, he decided he really loved the rice with chicken and veggies.
He ate and ate and ate.
The waiter (owner, maybe?
) seemed really happy that he was digging the food.
Towards the end, I got my son some watermelon and had to go back to the buffet about 5 times for another piece.
I dont like to be wasteful, so we only grabbed a slice at a time.
All in all, the food was great!
I am sorry to say, but Arizona has some of the worst Indian food around.
I am glad that there is a place I can go to around here, now.
The buffet is AWESOME and is so inexpensive.
I fully expected to be charged at least for an adult and a child at the buffet (my son eats a lot), but I was pleasantly surprised when I got my bill for $10.
It almost made me feel guilty!
I definitely recommend.

= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!
= = = = = =   Wow, it had been 27 months since visiting this place, shortly after it opened, so Mike C. & I whipped back over here at lunchtime today to see how they're doing with their Lunch Buffet...
Things were about the same, actually.
The service was friendly and attentive, the food delicious, & YES they have meats other than chicken!
(Someone was Yelping here that they didn't.
)  There was lamb as well as goat, and a large well balanced overall selection of food for an Indian Buffet, about 35 items including the assorted salad ingredients but not counting sauces & dressings.
You also get help-yourself hot tea and cold, really delicious mango juice!
My only gripe left over from last time is the big, oversize gap between the tables & the seats at every booth.
If you want to rest your back against the seat while you eat, you'll be a LONG way from the table!
(Yes there are tables & chairs available too, but the ones suitable for smaller parties are almost all out in the middle of the room, which I don't care for.
)  Uncomfortable seating aside, there are things to like about this place too, with it's friendly staff, nice atmosphere & tasty food.
The price is reasonable too, at $8.95.
I just wish they'd scrunch the booths up about six inches on each side of at least some of the tables.
:-)

Had lunch here with Rand H. and I found this place to be well decorated great service and the food was, well I said to Rand this place is my new favorite Indian buffet after my first plate (YUMMM).
Everything I tried was very good from the tandoori chicken to the many veggy dishes.
They even had that mango pudding with fruit cocktail in it that is so good.
Another great treat offered is the mango juice that is part of the buffet as well.
So if you like good Indian buffets do not miss this one.

I had to write this after reading the review from June 2012 where the reviewer wrote that he thought anyone that gave a positive review to the Indian Oven had never had good Indian food.
My wife and I have searched out Indian food on trips pretty much around the globe.
Obviously great Indian food in London and NYC but we have found good and sometimes not so good Indian restaurants on many of our trips.
The Indian Oven is a great restaurant and we take all of our visiting friends there.
We are very happy that we have this great Indian restaurant so close to us in Mesa!

I sent a picture to my friend in India and he said the food looked normal but I was eating with a fork instead of bread - so I was wrong.
There are reviews that say the food is not spicy as it should be and I would agree but that does not make the food bad.
The food is amazing.
The price is set to match and they have attentive great service.
I eat hear alot and will continue to eat here.

I really like how they have the buffet separated into vegaterian and non vegaterian sections.
Not sure what I'm eating only sure that it tastes delicious!
Service is unreal.
We saw another table leave and 3 people went over and started clearing the tabe off even pulling out the table and chairs to sweep underneath.

My wife, 4 year old, and i went for the 1st time, and we love it.
We went on a Wednesday night and they were busy.
Food was great and the staff was courteous.
No question that they value their customers.
Good 1st impression.
Hopefully, our subsequent visit will be just as good or better.

This is by far the best Indian food I've been to in the Phoenix area since I moved here from San Francisco.
Some reviewers will say that having a dinner buffet is the best part of this place, but trust me, the food is amazing too.
The lamb was meaty, the chicken very tender, and the sauces and gravies excellent.
This is also the first Indian buffet that I've been too that has mango lassi as part of the price, and it's very good.
Service was excellent and very attentive, again more than i would have expected for a buffet.
Trust me when I say you will not be disappointed, and if you save a few dollars in the process, all the better.
We'll be going back on a regular basis!

Can't get anymore delicious than this!
Get the buffet.
You will find my words wise.
You're welcome.

After reading a few reviews on the place I had to try it.
I've passed by it for years never paying much attention to it.
I must agree with past reviewers...the food is good.
But, sometimes it's not always just about the food.
The service was outstanding.
I was greeted at the door with a smile, and when I met my party at the table, the server was right on top of serving water and asking what we would like, if anything else to drink.
I felt like a giant to our server, and the gentleman was extremely kind, courteous and helpful in explaining the different dishes presented at the buffet.
The food was flavorful!
I highly recommend this place if you're looking for good Indian food.

At last, I found a favorite Indian restaurant.
The big feature has to be price.
$10 / person for a buffet.
Service is outstanding.
Staff is quite friendly.
Food is solid.
I must admit I am no connoisseur of Indian food.
I do know I found a couple of dishes I really liked from the buffet.

I've been to places that cost 10 times as much with worse service.
Delicious naan, amazing food at the buffet, free mango lassis?!
I just wish I lived closer!

I love this place.
I go often with my family and it does not matter what time we come the food is always hot and fresh.
They also remember little things about us and provide excellent service.

In Arizona for vacation and after reading the reviews came to India Oven for dinner.
Amazing dinner buffet with a great selection .
Will not disappoint in both service and food.
Oh the prices are also great!
Thanks yelp!

This is a real 5 star place!
Best Indian food I've had since moving back from Dallas (which has a tone of great Indian restaurants).
The nam bread was fresh, hot and with garlic!
The buffet hit all the right notes and there was a broader than usual dessert selection.
It's a bit of a drive for me, but this won't be the last time I go by any means!
Very friendly and attentive staff too.

This Place ROCKS!!!!!!
IF you want pure authentic Indian food then look no further.
I had a business meeting in Gilbert, and was driving back home and needed to find an Indian restaurant to check out.
My GPS and it pulled up Indian Oven, so I thought I would check it  out.
The atmosphere was exquisite .
I did the buffet as I usually do for Indian food.
The lame curry was AMAZING!!!
and I was surprised to see it there during the week because lame curry is really expensive and is usually on the dinner takeout or dining in.
The next big thing I'm  picky on is the bread, because most of the Indian restaurants tend to burn it losing the flavor.
This bread was soft and fluffy and they lightly spread a garlic and butter over the top with Olive oil.
I live all the way on the west side 111 Ave, and I'm going to come to this place tomorrow!!.
The meat is soft and melts in your mouth, the bread is so white and fluffy with seasoning its like a cocaine addiction keeping you coming back for more.
The service was a spot on, my waiter kept my diet coke filled and that soft fluffy bread on my plate.
My only complain is that I wish I wouldn't have to drive so far to get REAL INDIAN FOOD.
If there is one thing you need to do on your BUCKET LIST before you kick-off you need visit INDIAN OVEN IN ARIZONA PLEASE.
Good Eating To All !!
You Honest Opinion Steve

As in previous reviews,  India Oven is by far the best India food I've EVER eaten.
The owner's truly appreciate your business too.
All staff are very pleasant and fast to serve.
Your water glass is never past half full.
They are very proud of their food and should be.
They never forget acknowledge return customer's.
Everyone is always smiling.
The food is consistently fantastic.
I personally recommend you try India Oven.
You will not be disappointed!

Excellent food and service.
I'm not usually a fan of a buffet, but I'm glad I made an exception at India Oven.
There was a large selection of meat and veggie dishes, delicious mango lassi, chai tea, dessert items and fresh nan brought to the table along with tandoori chicken legs.
I'm not in AZ often, but we'll visit India Oven again when we get back.

Tried Indian Food for the 1st time last night and this place was AMAAAZZZZING!
I am a very picky eater and I went back for at least 2 plates.
Everything was fresh, hot and delish.
I would recommend this place to anyone.
And the Buffet was very good.
For 10 bucks, you can't beat the price, the food and the great service!

Delicious!
Great selection on the buffet and fabulous service!
I am not usually a fan of buffet meals but this was the perfect choice.
I highly recommend India Oven!

Found this on Yelp!
and had dinner there last night.
All three of us love Indian food and don't get to enjoy it very often.
This place is great; we loved it.
A magnificent buffet at a reasonable price.
And even with a buffet, we still got attentive service.
We'll be back.

Hands down the best Indian Buffet I've had (out of a dozen or so).
1st I've seen here for a buffet:: _fresh_ garlic naan delivered to table, mango lassi, _thick_ sauces, mango pickle didn't cost extra, and buffet at dinner (not just lunch).
On top was good service, a nice number of vegetarian and meat dishes, and 4 or 5 desert options on the buffet.

Great food!
Great value!
Staff is also extremely nice.
The only downside is the location.
Lock your car door and hide your valuables.

Great selection.
Lamb vindaloo is excellent.

Food was very good.
But I am very surprised that people had good experience with the staff.
I cannot stand poor service no matter how good the food is.
I was so shocked at how rude the lady was with us!
They gave us one piece of bread.
When we finished it we asked for more, and they brought us a 1/4 of one, which is fine....assuming bread is expensive?
NOT!
But anyway it was not even cut with a knife, it looked like it was just cut with the hands.
But that was also fine.
When the first guy did not bring us bread, we asked the lady (who looked like the owner?
) She said we had already gotten a refill but that she would get us some.
Then she took her sweet time and 10 minutes passed by and neither her or the guy brought any.
Finally she passes by me and I say excuse me....before I say anything else she snaps at me saying we had already gotten a "refill" of bread and that the place is packed and so I would have to wait and walked a way before I could even blink.
My point is if they want to be stingy (mind you we got 1 and 1/4 breads) that I could deal with.
But the attitude was a slap in the face.
Again I cannot stand poor service no matter how good the food is.
There was an older man who worked there who first seated us and was extremely sweet the entire time.

Have been here 6 or so times and not a single disappointment still lovin the food.

This is a review for their buffet.
Mmmmm this place is very good!
I like how all the food was fresh and the service was great!
They made us feel very welcomed and were really nice.
Everything I ate was delicious, there wasn't one thing I didn't like!
The prices were also very fair.
We will be returning very soon, even again this week.

Very enjoyable and very cheap!
Good food, atmosphere, etc.

This is one of my most favorite restaurants by far!
They are very reasonably priced for a buffet.
If you've never tried Indian food before and want to give it a go, this is the best place.
My favorite dish is the Tiki Masala, and the mango yogurt drink is amazing!
I always wish my stomach is bigger when I go, so I can eat more.
MAKE SURE you note the lunch hours before you go.
I think they close shop at 2:30, then re-open for dinner at 5.
The owners are very kind and all the staff is always friendly and very attentive, especially for a buffet restaurant.

This review is limited to the lunch buffet.
The food here is all pretty good, and for a buffet the quality of the food is fantastic.
My server was friendly and kept the hot Naan coming.
I will definitely be here for the dinner service and back for the lunch buffet sometime too.
A great little place.

Lots of variety for a $8.95 lunch buffet!
The Samosa was delicious and the buffet included garlic naan and mango lassi.
Carrot Halwa and Gulab jamun were good too.
There were other desserts too but I didn't try them.
Perhaps next time!

Great food, great price, great service.
I went here with my husband & our 3 small children (5, 3 & 1) they were very attentive to not only us adults but also our children.

had buffet lunch today with colleagues from out of town.
first timer and we'll be back.
very attentive service.
above average food selection and quality.
mostly authentic.
clean rest room.
clean dining room.
good parking..

Service- Excellent  Price- Very reasonable Food- I had the Murg Makhani  -  Spicy with Garlic Naan and rice.
The rice was just right, the naan was a perfect compliment to the tasty, zesty sauce.
The hot scale is mild, medium and spicy.
This was my first time here... other places I typcally ask for "hot as you can make it".
I thought this time, hey, I'm breaking in some new people...
I'll just order it--spicy.
Well... they are not kidding... it is SPICY when you ask for it.
No complaint here...
I did order it.
I loved it...but wasn't what i expected... my newbies??
they gave it a there best and I must say... they are fans...but next time...they get it medium.
Me?
Well, I'm certainly ok with Spicy... not planning to "challenge" them to hotter!
Will I go back?
um...
YES.
I like!

I can't believe how cheap this place is.
Lunch Buffet is $8.95 and Dinner Buffet is $9.95.
The food is very very good.
The service is great, too.
For the price, I don't think you can get better Indian food.

I've been here twice.
And I've only been to Mesa twice.
That's how good.
This is Indian food as it was meant to be served: buffet style for dinner.
And on the cheap.
Seriously--you're out the door for like 10 bucks plus tip, and in return you get to fill your belly with all the tikka masala, goat curry, mango lassi, saag, and all other kinds of goodness that your heart desires.
The atmosphere isn't super fancy, but when you're rocking a buffet, you don't really expect fine linens, right?
The service is snappy, and they're good at clearing your plates quickly.
They'll also bring you the tandoor chicken and naan your heart desires.

First time to the India Oven.
Been at the Indian food place down the street and really like it.
But I think India Oven is just a tad better.
Service was GREAT!
Went for lunch and had the buffet.
SO good!
We were never looking for a server to get more naan!
I enjoyed everything I had.
I had to practice some real restraint to not go back for more, but I didn't want to overeat and end up falling asleep at my desk.
You gotta try this place.
Can't wait to go back.

I've been here four times for the dinner buffet $10 per person.
Their food are always delicious and  hot.
Their services are great too they will take care of you.
I definitely will return again and again.

I don't know what they put in their food but I am addicted!
It is the BEST indian food that I ever had.
The owners and staff are all very friendly and do a great job.
My fav is the dinner buffet.
You have quite a big assortment of food you can choose from.
My absolute long time favourite is the Chicken Tiki Masala and the Lamb Vindaloo.
They are to die for.
Perfect amount of spices!
My boyfriend and I come here since they first opened and the quality of food and service has always stayed the same ehen not even got better!
They imported a chef from India.
So you can be sure that the food is very authentic.
In addition to the buffet they serve delicious garlic naan and chicken on a sizzling plate.
Plus the price is unbeatable.
I am in love with this place and can't get enough of it.
A hidden gem!
They also have a banquet hall for groups of people.

i am a pig.
i tried everything they offered and i liked every bit of it.
the tikki masala was my favorite but i truly enjoyed everything i ate.
i think i spent 12 dollars for lunch total.
i left a 20 because i ate so much.
cant wait to go back!

Great food and great service!

Can't beat the price !
I gorged myself at the dinner buffet and happily accepted my food coma later!
Awesome that the mango lassi is INCLUDED in the buffet!
The paneer tikka masala was my favorite!
Only minus a star because our group needed more garlic naan and we are pretty sure the "refill" came from another table that had just left.
Um, thanks?
That still doesn't take too much away from the deliciousness that was the meal.

Yummy tikka masala!
it was my fav dish offered.
the buffet had a ton of delicious items.
the service was also really great!
I would go back in a heart beat!

Best Indian food I've ever had!
This place was amazing.
The buffet was only $10 and it had a great selection.
It came with naan... Amazing!
The service was great also.
:) I definitely would go back.

Haven't had Indian food in a while but the buffet is legit  Buffet is well stocked with around 15 items and they have hot tea and mango lhassi on the side.
Buffet is split into three parts of Non-Veggie, Vegetarian, and Random.
(I think it says something else but I categorized this as random in my head)  Solid lunch buffet in the area all for around $11 including tip  *Also had like 10 pieces of Naan ~ nyam nyam

I've recommended this place to friends several times.
First, being an Indian buffet, the atmosphere is unique and great.
There's a plenty of traditional dishes and being a buffet, you can try as many as you dare.
The decor is also good, with some nice booth seating, chandeliers, and a modern black-ceiling look.
It seems very authentically Indian, with mostly native Indian servers (one was even a turban-wearing Muslim) and Bollywood playing on their TV.
There are a few reminders though that this is just a $10 per meal place though, like the cheesy Indian paintings and one or two handwritten signs over newer dishes.
I thought the food was good, but possibly a little heavy on the spices for my taste.
Other than that it was delicious.
The price may not be better than some nearby places if you're looking for lots of tasty food, but at only $10 dollars, I can't complain too much.
The service was fantastic!
They made me feel like I was the only one in the place.
Both my server and the owner stopped by to check in on me several times during my stay.

Yummmmm!
This was some goooood Indian food, and it is so hard to find decent Indian food bit this place gets it right!
You can smell the spices as soon as you walk through the door.
Definitely a place to give a try and their pricing is not bad at all.
The naan is unbelievable and if you go during their buffet time, they give you never ending naan!

Very good food.Highly recommend the lunch buffet!

After a frightening experience at the MVD ("welcome to the great state of Arizona, we don't process new driver's licenses during the last hour because we want to go home early today"), I needed something delicious to calm my angst.
I pulled up Yelp, searched for top-rated restaurants in the area, and we slid into India Oven.
My party included my wife and my toddler, so we didn't know what to expect as far as our behavior (and subsequent treatment from the waitstaff).
Before I comment on the food, I have to commend our server and the rest of the staff for being incredibly accommodating and entertaining.
They all appeared generally interested in our experience there and our delightful server even filled my son's sippy cup (which was often nearly full) probably 10 times -- easily my boy's favorite part of the restaurant.
We chose the buffet and were delighted to have a sizzling plate of chicken drumsticks and onions with a basket of naan to accompany our buffet choices.
The layout remains unchanged from previous reviews: non-veggy, vegetarian, and "salad/dessert" sections to choose from.
The aromatic rice was the perfect base, though it was strange to serve myself out of a rice cooker.
Each meat/sauce I chose complimented the rice well, but the lamb was easily the winner.
I ate way too many plates, the sign of a good buffet.
I only knocked one star off because growing up, my wife's Indian neighbors would cook the most delicious, fresh Indian cuisine; the food at their wedding last year was along the same veins as Indian Oven and the aspect of freshness (and, presumably, the presence of ingredients of slightly superior quality) took that wedding variant to the next level.
The food was good, the service was excellent, and our experience was great.

Once upon a time this was a good place to get decent Indian food...alas they have changed chef/management and now it very poor quality..
I ordered Tikka Masala; it was, I am sure a sauce from Sharwoods that I can buy, plus the meat was huge chunks of chook...and the veggie rice I ordered was nothing more that boiled rice with some microwaved veggies thrown in,,,,will never go back...

I love this place.
I first visited for my birthday in 2011 never having experienced Indian cuisine.
I was slightly worried about the amount of spices and heat but everything was great.
My favorites are Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Vindaloo, Tandoori Chicken, and the Basil Mint Chicken Curry.
The price is unbelievable with the varieties of food to choose from and the included Garlic Naan and Tandoori Chicken.
Our last visit was 9/20/2013 and they had these delicious little coconut burfi pieces.
So good- you might not be a coconut fan but trust me, these could change your mind quickly.
My husband and I both ate a countless amount.
If I lived closer, I am sure I would visit at least weekly.
Great food, wonderful service, excellent price!

My new favorite Indian buffet.
The chicken tikka masala was the best I've had since working in Silicon Valley.
The lamb vindaloo could have used more heat, but the lamb was nice and tender.
The saag paneer was the best I've ever had.
Tasted fresh and it had a little kick.
That's a very welcome first.
The garlic naan had the whole table raving.
Very good food and the price can't be beat.

Although I have been craving some Indian food for the greater part of the last year, it's taken me this long to get around to getting some.
The largest reason is the fact that I have two young kids who are rarely adventurous enough to try things outside of chicken fingers and mac and cheese.
Once the Indian bug had struck me one too many times, hubby and I decided to leave it up to yelp on where we could score some sweet buffet action...reason being that the kids could pick and choose what they wanted.
We've passed India Oven numerous times since it's in the neighborhood but this was the first time going in.
When we arrived there was one other couple seated.
It was a little early for dinner so it's understandable.
As soon and they left and it was just us in the restaurant, the attentiveness of the servers was a little too much.
I do appreciate the endless basket of naan and the tandoori chicken, thank you, but I don't need to be asked if everything is okay every 5 minutes or so.
The staff was super friendly though, so this was only mildly annoying.
Once others arrived, the attention shifted to them.
Thank you...
The chicken tikka masala was on point...I was very happy with that.
This was my first time trying lamb vindaloo, and that was good too.
The paneer masala was good but the sauce was thinner than the chicken tikka.
I tried some other things, all were decent.
The buffet is separated into vegetarian, non-vegetarian, and salad & dessert.
The vegetarian options were plentiful and the kids found a couple things they liked.
Price wise is where I knock the two stars off.
Although the adult buffet is reasonable at $8.95 for dinner, the kids buffet was $6.95.
I knew what it was going into it, but there is no way my five year old eats close to that amount.
She had some rice, naan, and some cheese balls...that's about it.
Chances are if we come back it will be on a date night.

One of the best restaurants in the valley!
Healthy and extremely tasty!!
Can't beat all you can eat for $10 and taste as good as it does!
I'll be back!

Our go to Indian food place!
Buffet is great!

Amazing!!!!!
I've only tried the chicken briyani and lamb briyani so far, but both are excellent.
The spices and flavor were phenomenal!
Definitely would recommend if you like something spicier.

Place was in a strip mall, next door to a Chinese buffet.
I only tried the daal, which was good.
They brought the tandoori chicken to the table, but I didn't try it.
All in all, pretty good but I wouldn't make a special trip for it.

As a North Indian, I couldn't vouch for this place more!
Most authentic Indian food I have had in a while, and so delicious!
We live in chandler but the drive to mesa is always worth it.
The spice levels are just right and the variety is amazing.
Mango lassi and tea included !!
Can't get better than that :)

Every time I go back is like a trip into Indian Food Heaven.
I never make a trip to Mesa and miss this place.
NEVER.

food was delicious.
dessert was delicious.
price was delicious.
customer service was good.
for a buffet, they are pretty good.
I'd give them 3 stars if it were a regular restaurant.

India Oven and I have a love hate relationship.
I love the amazing buffet selection, the delicious Indian spices, the incredible service, and the to-good-to-be-true price.
I hate the fact that it's so scrumptious that it's impossible to stop gorging to the point of food coma induced discomfort!
Throw in the fresh sizzling Tandoori Chicken at dinner and I never need another Indian restaurant in my life, EVER!
Mini is such a great guy and an equally awesome server, and he never judges my wife's and my clear addiction to their food.
Run, don't walk to the India Oven, but don't say I didn't warn you about the inevitable food baby, and that's no naan-sense.

Excellent food, amazing service.
Some of the best Indian food I've ever had.
I highly recommend this restaurant.

Wow was this a find.
My girlfriend was in the mood for Indian food and found this place on Yelp so I met her there for dinner.
Small little Mom and Pop place.
Everyone who works there is really nice.
The inside is really nice.
Although it doesn't look like much on the outside but some of the best places don't.
For $9 or $10 for all you can eat it is a great deal.
They also have Indian beers that are not IPAs.
I'm not a big fan of IPAs so for them to have something else was great.
I don't remember the name of it but I would drink it again.
The buffet is great with a lot of different things to pick from.
Of course we had to try the Tikka Masala which was really good.
So was the garlic naan bread that they bring to the table.
We only made two trips to the buffet before we were full but it was so good you didn't want to stop eating.
We will definitely be back.
This goes to the top of the list as my favorite place to go for Indian food.

This is probably the best find I've made in the last two years.
If you are ever in Mesa, this is the place to go for Indian food that is stellar quality and perfectly done.
I've been to places where the focus is just on making your mouth and entire body burn from just the heat of the spice, but not at all flavorful.
This is absolutely NOT the case here.
There is a good amount of heat to some of their dishes, but it is flavorful and wonderfully balanced.
Service was courteous, friendly and very attentive.
Everything tasted fresh, the interior was clean and well kept.

I got in my head that I wanted something different so off to Yelp I went and looked for random types of food and found India Oven.
Sounded really good so off we went!
Now the food is solid 4 stars.
So why 5 stars?
The service is that good that it bumps it up.
I am not a buffet person at all.
I avoid them!
But this food was hot and fresh and the buffet area was really clean.
They bring fresh naan to the table, the good garlic one, as well as a chicken dish.
They keep the drinks full and the dirty plates off your table quickly.
They seem geniuinly happy that you are there and enjoying the food.
Now I am not an expert by any means on Indian food and don't try everything on the buffet but the Naan, masala and curry was all excellent.
I also loved their chai and had several glasses which comes with the buffet.
All the meats were tender and very flavorful and I cannot wait to go back!
This is the best Indian food I have had in Arizona!

Had the dinner buffet.
Was pretty good.
I liked the surroundings, lots of great authentic decorations.
The food was alright.
Pretty good for my first time having Indian food.
The lamb was too salty but the tikka masala was fantastic.
I also loved the pudding and custard.
The naan and tandoori chicken was also good and complimentary.
Last, the service was amazing!
The waiters were all really great and they were constantly refilling our water and making sure our experience was nice.

Tried the lunch buffet with some friends.
Lots of good, solid dishes.
Lamb vindaloo was flavorful without being too spicy, though the meat was a bit tough.
Chicken curry was really good.
I thought the palak paneer and malai koftai were fine.
I really liked the paneer tikka masala; the paneer was cooked well and the flavor of the sauce was spot on.
Servers walk around replacing garlic naan as needed on your table, so you get it fresh, though if you're with a group you might have to wait a little while.
I usually don't care for the desserts at Indian restaurants, especially buffets, because the taste and quality make it appear as though they were an afterthought, but the gulab janum were pretty solid at India Oven.
I would probably skip the kheer.
Servers were nice, restaurant was clean, and there's a full bar, which was unexpected but nice if you're stopping in for dinner (or just want a really fun lunch!).
I don't know if I'd make a special trip out here, but if I'm in the area and want some Indian food, I would stop in again.

I really enjoyed this place!
I had been here once before a while back with my mom but went back solo this time for the lunch buffet.
They bring fresh garlic naan & sizzling tandoori chicken legs to your table.
The mango lassi (absolutely delicious & even a bit chilled, to my surprise) is included at the buffet.
The vegetable samosas/pakoras are soooo tasty & crispy, not soggy or greasy.
I always like to start with all the above & a bit of salad before digging into the curries and rice.
My choices for the curries were the chicken tikka masala which was great, the palak paneer tastes really fresh, the rice is really good & I loved the lentils.
The only thing I would change would be the lamb vindaloo.
It's usually one of my favorites, but it wasn't spicy enough & although the lamb was super tender, it's not really a vindaloo if it doesn't have a serious kick.
Quick fix?
The chili sauce by the salad & samosas can remedy this ;)  I basically pigged out on lots of delicious food for $10, satisfied my craving for Indian & read my book over my lunch hour in a nice quiet spot.
I'll be back soon!
:)  -Rageous

One night I was suddenly craving for some garlic naan.
We came across this place and decided to try out the buffet.
It went beyond my expectations, very authentic.
The price is really good too for all the food you can get.
The garlic naan was so yummy!
Recommended place for indian buffet.
Price is right and food is awesome!

I'm no Indian food expert but I thought this place was pretty good.
Enough meat and vegetarian variety to sample different flavors.
Naan is brought out fresh to your table, but they were kind of slow with that and it was inconvenient to wait.
Lunch buffet price was great and you can definitely walk away full.

This was my first time trying Indian food, so I cannot really compare the experience here to any place else.
However, I do know when something tastes good, and that was certainly true here.
I echo the sentiments of other reviewers with respect to the service, it is very good and the staff is very welcoming.
There isn't a whole lot of need to into great detail on what was best (you can try it all, after all) but I will say that I found the vegetarian dishes to be better than the meat dishes overall.
The free chai tea and mango drink was a nice touch.
The food was mildly spicy for my taste, but I prefer a lot of spice.
I highly recommend this place.

The best Indian food in the valley hands down!
Fantastic and personal service.
I always get a warm welcome when I eat there.

Great food, friendly staff.

The food was really good.
Flavorful and good service.
Why not more stars?
The reviews in the newspaper from the board of health.
Apparently there are some issues with cleanliness.
I really do hope that these get resolved as the food was great for a buffet.
The nann was excellent.
I really like the lamb vindaloo as well.
There were some interesting desserts that I don't know what they were but they were great!
Chai tea comes with the buffet and that was a nice treat as well.
There was a short wait for a table when we were there but when a table opened they got it turned over very fast and got us drinks right out and were very nice.

I can be pretty picky about Indian food and have been disappointed by several places around the valley.
This place, on the other hand, absolutely wowed me.
The dinner buffet had an exceptional number of choices on both the meat side and the vegetarian side.
The palak paneer was smooth and creamy and perfectly spiced.
Same with the vegetable korma.
The spices were well-balanced, very flavorful and an adventure for the tongue.
There was just the right amount of heat, and as usual, I cooled it down a bit with a spoonful of raita, which was also delicious.
There was Mango Lassie on the buffet, a great treat!
My favorite dessert was there as well...gulab jamun.
Try them!
They are delicate balls of sweetness drifting in a wonderful syrup of cardamom and Rosewater.
When we sat down with our first plate, our server brought us a sizzling plate of tandoori chicken which was fantastic.
The host was friendly and checked on us several times to make sure we were happy and pleased with everything.
There is a bar with a decent selection of liquors, although we had Taj Mahal beer that night.
The decor was fun to look at.
I can't find anything even mildly negative to say about this place.
I'll be going back regularly.

For those of you, who know the Valley, you probably have a good idea how far Goodyear is from Mesa  (for those of you not familiar, think San Francisco to Los Angeles ... LOL).
Nevertheless, we were prepared to run the gauntlet of rush hour traffic, crazy weekend drivers and take an overnight bag with us to try out this restaurant with spectacular reviews.
And once again, the Valley's populace has NOT let me down:  apparently, only ex-cons who suffered with prison food and people who've lost their sense of taste (both physical and mental) give 4 and 5 stars on Yelp to ANYTHING.
First, let me say, that this restaurant's employees couldn't do more to make your dining experience a pleasant one:  they're friendly, very attentive and respond quickly to any request you could throw at them.
I haven't seen many Indian restaurants, which serve buffets at night, so I was curious to see how this place stacked up against other Indian places I've been to.
The decor is ... interesting.
From the ground level to about 7 feet up, the decor is homey and reminds you of Cheers-gone-Diner.
Above 7 feet, the decor can best be described as "condemned factory".
But okay ... while decor is important in enjoying your meal, it's not necessarily a deal breaker ... if the food makes up for it.
Sadly, this is not the case.
While I give the restaurant overall two stars, I would specifically rate the food as  "two-flushes"  (figure it out, if you dare!).
I'm sorry, but this just happens to be one of those places that support my argument against low-flow toilets.
It's not that the food looks unappetizing; it's just that, well, it IS:  oversalted food; dry tandoori chicken; thin-sauce chicken tikki masala (and that was the BEST dish).
The na'an was okay ... actually, I liked it because it's thick; my other half likes the na'an thin and crispy.
Funny enough, the place was absolutely packed  (no doubt only with people who could prove they usually give at least 4 stars on their Yelp reviews).
I really wanted to give this place a stellar review, not the least, because its employees are top notch.
Unfortunately, when you come home to go to the bathroom after dinner and your dog runs away yelping with his tail between his legs, there's not much else to say.
Truly sorry, guys.

Favorite Indian food in AZ.
The staff is friendly, my father is a regular and they know him by name.
Buffet is so good, and it tastes so flavorful.
The naan is also very good and my favorite.

Went there Wed with some coworkers for dinner.
Food was good and authentic, really enjoyed the waitstaff as they were very attentive.

I went for lunch on my day off.
Been wanting to try this place for a while.
It's location right next to a head shop is a little dubious, but once you go in, no worries.
The inside is clean, nicely decorated; a few murals and TVs playing Bollywood.
Indian restaurants always flaunt a fully stocked bar with top end whiskeys and scotch.
Does anyone ever drink there?
The staff was extremely polite.
I was seated and went to the buffet.
All of the standard dishes were there.
The food was fresh.
The rice cooker with basmati in it had a cinnamon stick mixed in, I thought that was cool.
Tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, chicken curry , palak paneer (although it had baby corn in it instead, interesting), aloo gobi, and a few other veggie dishes.
All tasted great.
The dal was spicy, but in a warm way.
The waiter brought garlic naan and tandoori chicken , which was excellent.
I love the desserts.
Gulab jamun, kheer , and mango custard.
All delicious.
There was also complimentary mango lassi, which missed.
Everything was great, the servers were really on top of things without being pushy.
I'll definitely make more stops here.

Outstanding!
I was a bit wary of a dinner buffet but have no fear!
Great food, enough variety, some spicy, some not.
Appetizers (Samosas, Pakoras AND Onion Bhajis) were fresh and crispy.
They bring steaming hot garlic naan (extra garlic yum) and tandoori chicken to your table, and I washed it all down with a tasty Kingfisher beer.
Highly recommend!

Really really liked this restaurant.
The selection for lunch was very tasty with just enough heat.
My wife and I are very familiar with Indian food as we live in a very Indian place and speak punjabi.
We have many Indian friends who cook for us so we do know what authentic is and this is authentic.
Service was great and the cost was cheap.
Can't go wrong with Indian Oven.

I am from NJ where Indian restaurants are in abundance and I'm so happy I came to this place.
The dinner buffet has a great variety, everything fresh and tasty, service prompt and friendly.
And the price way way lower than in NJ.
I'm rolling out of the restaurant as we speak because I'm so full!!

Even the mango lassi is part of the buffet!
If you're a weak vegetarian, beware the sizzling fresh chicken they deliver to your table along with fresh steaming naan bread.
Please Indian food gods, send a satellite of this place to Tucson!!!

Really good food.
The service was excellent as well.
Definitely a place to add to your resturaunt rotation.

This place is great!
The food is flavourful and delicious for the price.
The staff is friendly and accommodating!
Definitely a keeper for Indian food!

Just LOVE this place!
I always get the all-you-can-eat buffet which has an amazing range of food choices for all kinds of eaters.
The meat section has a variety of chicken, beef, lamb, and goat dishes.
For vegetarians like myself, about a third of the food bar is made up of different veggie-only dishes--my favorite being the Paneer Tikki Masla--I always go back for a second helping!
The servers (who are all very attentive and pleasant) bring out a steady stream of hot garlic naan bread--which is my second fave thing there!
They also have a small salad bar and mango lassi, mango custard, and rice pudding for dessert.
If you go for dinner, they bring tandoori chicken to your table along with the naan--so if you're vegetarian, make sure you tell them not to bring you any from the get go!
Bollywood music videos play on all the TV's.
The place can get pretty packed around peak lunch and dinner hours, so go early!
Lunch buffet costs $8.95 and dinner buffet runs $9.95.
Pretty decent prices for amazing all-you-can-eat Indian food.
Definitely the best around!

This is one of my favorite Indian joints in the valley.
I love that they have the buffet for both lunch AND dinner, and that they have the buffet divided into vegetarian and non-vegetarian sides.
Makes it super easy for people watching their meat intake.
Also, if you come for dinner they bring you the tandoori chicken out on a sizzling platter instead of letting it sit on the buffet all night.

I have been there five times now.
Finally decided to write a review.
Excellent food, prompt service, friendly waiters, reasonably priced, great garlic bread that they keep bringing to your table.
Love this place!

Best Indian Buffet under 10 bucks : 14 options Veg, Non Veg and deserts.
Food was properly cooked and the Lamb Vindaloo with Rice and Raita do make a strong case for great cooking skills :) Will definitely visit again.
Top it all off, the Mango Lassi being part of the buffet is simply unheard of.

Best Indian Buffet!
Really well done.
The service is always great and the food is spot on!
I always come here when visiting AZ!

Mr Harmony enjoyed this place.
Great place to get good Indian food with no reservations or wait.
Full bar a plus!
I recomend.

Quality and variety are still there.
We came for dinner on a Saturday night and the place was packed.
We were seated in about 10mins, not bad.
Food was great again, beer was ice cold ;) A great place to try if your new to Indian cuisine and if your a veteran than you'll enjoy your meal ;) Owners and staff are very nice and helpful if your confused on food choices.

Second trip a few trips ago...
I asked for extra spices...
I don't know why...
Considering my previous review...
Yes, the food was very spicy, yet the taste and quality overshadowed the pain...I'm going back to "spicy"!

Everytime we visit Arizona we go here!
They ALWAYS remember us too.
The Chicken Tikka Masala is one of my favorites ANYWHERE!
LOVE!

I ate here a couple of months ago and the food was tasty and the service was decent too however a German cockroach crawled across my table during my visit.
I called my server over to show him.
He killed the roach and brought me a bill?
I politely informed him that I would gladly tip him but I am not paying for my roach infested meal.
He then brought a mgr to my table who told me that I got full and should pay.
I almost called her out of her name.
Smh.
Never again.
I did tip my server though.
I can't believe this heifer tried to make me pay but I have to shake out my purse and sweater before I get in my car to make sure I'm not carrying unwanted visitors.
You know I called the health dept.
right?

Good lunch buffet.
Good variety of food.
I got there just at opening so everything was fresh.
The buffet had both rice pudding and mango lassi so I'm happy.

I was hesitant about eating at the buffet, especially for dinner, because I've seen Indian buffets be average at best at other places.
But this buffet was excellent!
It had great variety, included pakoras, chaat, and mango lassi, in addition to all the usual staples of multiples types of chicken, rice, subjis, and so on.
Garlic naan are apparently standard, not something you have to pay extra for, because they were waiting at my table by the time I came back from the buffet.
The service was excellent too.
The owner came over a couple times to check on us, and we had multiple servers asking if we wanted more naan or to fill our water.
Everything tasted great.
Desserts were fantastic too.
The gulab jamun was to die for.
I would highly recommend this place!

10 dollar dinner buffet.
It was a pretty decent buffet and the food tasted really great.
There wasn't anything that I didn't like and a few dishes that were binge eating worthy.
I like the tandoori and the chicken curry.
The staff was friendly too and very Attentive.
Never an empty glass of water and every few minutes, someone walks around offering more and more naan!

Awesome place !
Kid friendly.
The food is out of this world.
Slightly spicy but not overwhelming !
Prices are perfect and small children eat free !
Food is always fresh and wait staff/ owners are attentive and kind.
My favorite Indian restaurant !

One of my favorite Indian places.
I love the buffet because you can try any if the dishes.
They have the Indian tea free as part of the buffet.
They also have the mango juice which is awesome.
Every time I come here they have slightly different desert which is a nice change.
When you sit at the table they bring some garlic naan and tandoori chicken.
Everything here tastes amazing and you leave really full because you want to try everything.
Dinner buffet for 10$ doesn't get much better.
Don't have any complaints.

Delicious food, amazing staff, good price.
I came here for the buffet and found out they had mango lassi on tap!
This place is a gold mine, by far best punjabi style Indian buffet in all of az.
Will definitely be back again!

We both walked out patting our satisfied bellys after our first visit to their buffet.
They had a nice variety of veg and meat options..chai and mango lassi included as well as rice and naan.
Good service and decor..we will be back for sure!

5 star buffet I came here from San Francisco on a road trip passing through and stopped at the Indian oven.
I have to say great food great and great service!
If I pass through again I will make it a  point to stop.

The food was great, the wait staff was constantly coming around to see if you needed anything, it was clean... Just make sure to be ok to wait in line because the place can get busy :)

Authentic curry based recipes.
Large selection of foods on the buffet.
They serve mango lassi and masala tea :).
Great service.
We will come back.

My Six Word Restaurant Review: The Best Indian Restaurant In Arizona"

While Indian food isn't our favorite, we do like to try different things so we gave India Oven a try last night.
Arrived at opening and the place quickly filled up.
We had the buffet which was very good and was the best Indian food I've had.
My wife even enjoyed it and she is less a fan of Indian food than I am.
We enjoyed our meal and the service was fantastic.
Highly recommend if you're looking for a good Indian Restaurant.

FABULOUS buffet!
We come in for lunch whenever we can and are never disappointed.
Their Naan is served freshly made and with garlic.
YUM!
Free Lassi with the buffet too!

Me, my former roommates, my wife and some other friends all love this place.
You can eat great flavor like a horse.
The only downside is that it is closed part of the day to regroup in between lunch and dinner so if you are craving it in between those times then you have to wait till they re open.
Usually like an hour or so.
The people are awesome though and it is well worth the wait.

Okay, so I love indian food.
The Indian oven was a fun experience.
I got the buffet so I tried a little bit of everything.
Everything was delicious on the first trip, but when I went back for seconds everything tasted just okay.
The food is prepared mildly so that everyone can enjoy it.
This was a problem for me, seeing as I like my food hot.
The service was very pleasant, the owner even asked me if I was a model!
I don't think I will go back, but I had a nice time.
I think this would be a good place for Indian food beginners so they can find a dish they like.

This is a fantastic Indian buffet!
I have only been here for lunch but I have never been disappointed here and always leave uncomfortably full because I just can't stop myself!
Too many Indian buffets use the same masala base for every dish and just switch out the protein.
This place isn't like that, they really are making good North Indian dishes here.
My absolute favorite here is the paneer tikka masala.
They use real paneer, not that tasteless tofu stuff at other places, and make a seriously rich curry to go along with it.
I am absolutely positive they put loads of ghee and/or cream in most of the dishes but for an occasional indulgence this place is worth it!

I LOVE this place.
The staff is friendly and fast and the buffet is a great value.
I'm not normally a buffet fan, but it's a great way to try multiple dishes in the same visit.
I highly recommend it and my entire family loves this place.

My boyfriend and I have eaten here for their buffet once and we loved it and ordered take out one other time.
We ordered take out the other day and I noticed it did not come with rice so my boyfriend went in to let them know that they forgot to add the rice in the bag.
The told him that they are now charging two dollars for rice so my boyfriend paid the two dollars, which I thought was ridiculous as they know by the fact that we questioned as to why there was not rice (indicating that we ordered there before and got rice for free with our meal).
They should have given it to us for free this time as we did not know that it now costs two dollars.
They didn't even ask us over the phone if we wanted rice with our meal for an extra two dollars.
I don't care about the two dollars.
It is just the principle of the matter.
Would they rather us pay 10 dollars for a buffet or 30 dollars for takeout?
Given that their food is EXCELLENT!, we will be back as it is the only Indian place in the East Valley that has the best food!

I suggest you carry drawstring pants if you're headed to their buffet!
The food is absolutely fabulous, the vegetarian selection is particularly varied, and there's all-you-can-drink Mango Lassi (although be warned... it can fill you up).
The pakoras were a delight, and so was the Paneer Makhni.
Servers were prompt and courteous.
And if you finish before the rest of your party, you can always sip on some Indian tea while you wait.
The one item that didn't quite appeal was the Gajar Halwa (Carrot Halwa) which was far too sweet, but since there were 3 other options to choose from, I didn't mind it much.
The gulab jamun are evidently the best I've had in the United States till date.
Can't imagine what's their secret.

Good variety, great price, and unlimited garlic nan.
Only place in the valley that gives unlimited free garlic nan everywhere else approximately $3 for four pieces.

First time last night at the Indian Oven after searching high and low for some good Indian that rivals what I get in England when I travel there.
I like this place a lot!
It lacks a lot of the dark tablecloth and somewhat dreary feel you get in many of the places in town.
The restaurant appears clean and the service is exceptional.
We had a steady flow of nan which was cooked perfectly and had great texture.
I got a Taj Mahal beer which was served with a deeply frosted mug.
When ice cold this is an exceptional beer as is the slightly lighter bodied Kingfisher.
The buffet is great and offers dishes divided between meat-based and vegetarian which is cool if you are not familiar with the dishes.
They had a lamb vindaloo that had great flavor but lacked some of the heat I am used to with vindaloo dishes.
I did hear the table next to me comment on how spicy it was so perhaps this is just my tastes and preference.
All of the dishes I had were excellent.
The basmati rice was served out of a rice cooker which seemed a little off considering everything else was is long pans.
The lamb was a little dry perhaps because it was slightly over cooked?
All of the chicken dishes were exceptional as we're the veggie.
I also ordered a side of papadum which are great if you have kids.
They did not serve it with the traditional spicy chutney I am used to though but they did nail the green cilantro based sauce.
I few of my pet peeves that this place passed on was perfectly filtered Arizona water.
No chemical or hard water flavors so they must have a good RO system.
The other was that when the bill was delivered they kept filling waters and asked us if they could get us anything until we left which again speaks to their high level of service.
The wait staff were dressed neatly and groomed to the extent that I wondered how I could get my facial hair so tight.
A great night and experience and I look forward to my next visit.

The food here is amazing and the owners are very kind and attentive.
Our favorite Indian restaurant in town!

Great food and service.
Buffet has a dish for all..veggie meat lover or anything you can imagine.
Menu is also amazing.
Servers are attentive without being annoying.
Peaceful atmosphere.
Quality food at a reasonable price.
Full bar service a plus..

I had the lunch buffet today for the first time, although I've had the dinner buffet 3-4 times.
Every time I come here the food is amazing and there is a really good selection and variety of both meat and vegetarian options.
The free mango lassi is also a bonus.
The naan is always really good as well.
The service is always great.
I've been to many Indian restaurants and this is one of my favorites.

My wife and I ate here when they'd just opened, and we're fans to this day.
The buffet, open both lunch and dinner, is at a cool $10/adult, and is the best bang for your buck of any Indian restaurant I've eaten at.
Food's fresh, and dinner comes with fresh unlimited naan and a sizzling tandoori chicken and kabab.
I don't think any sane human being ever goes to an Indian restaurant for its service.
But the staff is great.
The management know us and if they're in, come out to say hi, and the waiting staff are nice and frequently checks in.
If you're vegetarian, half the buffet is just for you.
I don't go to Indian restaurants for veggies but I make an exception for this place.
A big fan of the paneer and pakora.

A friend and I had lunch here today.
Service was very attentive.
The Buffett had a lot of options the saag paneer and chicken tikka masala was very good.
Price was great for lunch.
I will be back again

I have clients in the area, and i make sure i dont eat breakfast!
The establishment is VERY nice.
The staff is EXTREMELY attentive, not over bearing, you will not ever have an empty water glass.
The Naan is just absolutely DEEEEEEEEEEEELICIOUS!
Love the curry!
and crave it every other day.
The lunch buffet is just under $10 with tax.
But always leave a good tip!
That spicy green sauce for the salad, OMG!
SO good!

Not the place I go when I want good Indian food.

Really great Indian buffet and even better service.
The food is great quality, good selection, and fast service.
The first time I visited this restaurant my partner and I were surprised at how cheap it was.
A place this good and we were expecting to pay a lot more.
If you want to try something different order off the menu.
Also boasts a full bar at very favorable prices.
Give this place a shot, especially if you haven't had Indian food before.

Not at all impressed by the food at India Oven.
I've been here a couple of times & it's definitely going downhill.
It was never that great to begin with but one huge noticeable change is how they bring out the tandoori chicken when you go for the buffet.
Before, they used to serve it on a hot & sizzling fajita platter with onions & lemons & we went there just a couple of days ago and all they brought out was 2 pieces of cold tandoori chicken on a small plate.
The chicken itself didn't taste good.
As far as the buffet, it's nothing great ... actually, it was not even good.
The mango lassi had a weird taste, super tart, almost as though it had gone bad.
The two Indian chicken curry options had okay tasting gravy; the chicken was a little slimy though so I didn't eat it.
The chilli chicken was not tasty at all, just spicy & it was almost like they had tried to make it Chinese style?
The vegetarian options weren't much better either.
My date & I were discussing the food as we were eating it & I think I said "I don't like that" enough times that I'm not going to be returning to this restaurant.
The only thing I did say that was good, & in my opinion is a huge part of enjoying Indian food, was the garlic naan.
Also, the service was on par, even when it was busy.
Highly disappointed with my experience, especially when there aren't many Indian restaurants to eat at in the Gilbert area.

If you want original Indian food this is the place.
It might seem a little weird in the beginning but this place is amazing.
I love the buffet but specially the vegetarian food is delicious.
Best place in town.
With their amazing mango like ice cream.

Just went here for the first time tonight after the restaurant was highly recommended to me by a friend.
My wife and I got the buffet which was OK, but not great.
Our expectations were high and we were disappointed.
We probably won't go back.

I had the dinner buffet.
It's not bad for the money you pay.
The bill came to $14 and some change, which included the two sodas I had.
I especially liked the chicken tikka masala and paneer tikka masala.
They also had some sort of rice pudding (I forget what it was called) in the dessert bar that was pretty good.
All in all, the food was OK, and certainly worth the money I paid, but not nearly as hot and spicy as I expect (and like) my Indian food to be.
I think that the spiciness of the buffet food is toned down a lot to make it more palatable to the tastes of most westerners.
Maybe next time I will order something  la carte where, presumably, I can order the dish more hot and spicy to suit my tastes.

I went here the other day with my sister.
All of the food on the buffet was delicious and fresh.
My favorite was probably the chicken masala.
The service is some of the best I've ever seen.
The servers were always nearby, offering fresh garlic nan or to fill your water before it even gets empty.
I even noticed one waiter constantly cleaning the buffet tables, including the wall.
The manager even checked on us twice, while we were eating and after we paid our bill, to see how we liked our food.
If you've never had the chance to try Indian food, this is the place to go!

Unlimited naan and as much tikka masala as you want!
Plus mango lassi is included in the buffet and it's frikin good.
Staff is super friendly and always helpful.

coming from LA, me and my coworker were craving for some tandoori chicken and naan.
Yelp and found this place.
I have tried plenty of Indian cuisine and I would say this taste pretty bland.
But again, its in Az and the lunch buffet have fair choices of vege and non vege food.
Plus point, they bring out fresh naan.
Yum :)

While visiting PHX, got a craving for Indian and this place hit the spot.
A lot of buffets I have been to will have chicken tikka masala but not as many places will serve up lamb vindaloo which is my favorite.
I enjoyed both.
The lamb vindaloo could have been spicier but I just asked for some hot sauce to turn up the heat.
The garlic naan was great.
A good selection.
Clean establishment.
Friendly and attentive service.
Great reasonable price.

Hoh.
My.
Goodness.
How I have missed you Indian Food.
A trip to India Oven should be on everyone's "Must Do List".
Buffet style (unless you wish to order an entree) has hidden dangers.
You might eat too much.
The food is clearly labeled into groups.
(Non-Vegetarian, Vegetarian, Salads and Dessert).
I recommend diving in unless you feel strongly about eating a particular type of meat.
I sampled (like a pack of starving dogs) every item and enjoyed every bite.
My pants may not fit, but that has nothing to do with my ability to write.
(Full Disclosure: I have eaten tons of Indian food in my hey day.
) As the restaurant serves Northern Indian cuisine spice is not a concern.
Food items were moderately (to mildly) spiced and the majority were cream based.
Dishes were well balanced with ghee (or whatever oil is used).
Naan is delivered to the table as is tandoori chicken.
(Just try it kids!
You'll like it.
) Rice is available at the buffet.
I was surprised to find mango lassi (a yogurt drink) and chai tea as part of the buffet price.
($12 total during dinner.
)  India Oven prefers to have groups pay on one check.
However have no fear!
Our large party was individually able to pay directly at the cashier.
However, that might have been possible as we all ordered the same thing.
(Buffet!
)  Thank you India Oven for hosting our very large group.
Yelp International Supper Club UYE rocked!

The first #ISCUYE without Monica O.
*sniff, sniff* so it was a bit subdued compared to other events.
But the food was pretty tasty.
It's about time we went to an Indian place!
I am not usually a big fan of buffets but this one was pretty good.
I liked that they had separated out the vegetarian vs meat dishes so you could more or less tell what you were getting.
My fav for the night was the lamb vindaloo.
Very tasty with some flavorful spice but not too hot at all.
I also really enjoyed that they brought out fresh baked naan to the table.
I skipped the desserts but the mango lassi was a nice, light, sweet end to the meal.

Super good food and staff it's extremely friendly.
Love coming here every time I'm in the area.

Thie best Indian buffet in arizona.
Both for lunch and dinner.
Saturday is the best day for selection.
Lamb.
Vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, chili chicken, chicken manchurian, saag, chana, paneer, kadhi pakora, samosa, pani poori, garlic naan, and tandoori chicken and more.
Staff is very cool too

I come here for the buffet and it is always on point.
The service is great and they never leave you needing anything.
The price is about $10 per person which is not a bad deal.
The mango lassi comes with the buffet so I usually drink some of that and water.
I highly recommend this to anyone who loves Indian or to anyone who wants to try it for the first time.

This restaurant is the reason elastic-waist pants were invented.
The food is outstanding - the best Indian food I've had since I left NYC.
The staff is attentive and friendly.
They have a great selection of dishes for their all-you-can-eat buffet meals.
Plenty of choices for carnivores and vegetarians alike.
My husband (who is new to Indian food) is amazed at how, "Everything has a distinct taste but it all goes so well together.
"  And you can't beat the price.

Service was a little drab but the world cup game was on, so who can blame em'?
I would have liked to see a larger selection but I suppose here you get 'quality' over 'quantity'.
Besides that, India Oven is a great Indian buffet and a 'one-of-a-kind' place around the east valley of Phoenix.
Nearly all of the food was delicious and it has a great atmosphere.

Can't say enough about this place.
Went for lunch and the buffet.
Where it is not a large buffet by any standards, it is very good.
Service was great.
The warm nan bread they keep bringing you was delicious as was the tandoori chicken they gave us.
Definitely a big, big fan.

This makes my second time to India Oven and I am hooked!!
This is without a doubt the best Food ever.
To the soft hot fresh garlic naan that comes table direct from the oven to the desserts it is all delicious.
For a buffet it is sit down high quality food only you can pick and choose what you want.
The service is better than most and they are very attentive and polite.
Not a fancy place but not a dive either.
It is the best of both worlds combined into a very casual eating environment that makes it a pleasure to come back too over and over again.

I came to India Oven the day before July 4th.
My intention was to see the quality and variety of food as a potential option to cater for my wedding in the near future.
Usually most buffets have 3-4 main dishes, but there were like almost 10 different dishes.
I wish I had a bigger plate or 2 stomaches!

I was not disappointed with my second visit to India Oven.
Good service, great quality for a buffet at a very reasonable price.
It is a bargain at $10.95 for an adult dinner buffet that includes mango lassie, dessert and Indian tea.
Meat entrees like lamb vindaloo, tikki masala,  vegetarian dishes, salad and desserts are there for you to choose from.
This buffet is a wonderful way for children or others who are interested in sampling a variety of Indian dishes at one sitting!

