The freshness & quality of the food is one of the best I've had.
For example I have never ever seen any restaurant actually use fresh pepricorn fresh meaning still green and on the plant itself.
They have such exotic spices and veggies flown in weekly from Thiland.
That is amazing.
Can't wait to go back there again.

Well this place was a pleasant surprise.
The first time I noticed here was actually walking back from Kanpai further down the road... saying to myself "that reminds me, I need to find a good Thai place in Edinburgh"... to my surprise this place had great reviews on Yelp, although not as numerous as other options, the reviews that were available were glowing and consistent.
For the record, my "surprise" noted above in the previous good reviews has more to do with the location and clean, almost chain like, look of the place...
I would have (wrongly) assumed that the quality here would take a hit since they could pull people in based on being seen if that makes sense, so thanks Yelpers for convincing me to give the obvious option a chance!
Back to the review!
I'm essentially going to echo what's been said... the quality and freshness seemed top notch, and I have two testaments to how I felt about my meal... 1) my mouth is watering thinking about it at the moment, and 2) I'm eager to try some of their salads and other dishes based on my initial trip.
Upon my visit I uploaded pictures of my Tom Yum soup and Prawn Pad Thai... they both tasted as good as they looked.
I would dare to say that the soup was missing that magic something from my top Thai place, Old Siam in York, but I've never seen anyone duplicate their take on Tom Yum... had it not been for the Old Siam this would now be my top pick for this Thai staple... tons of fresh ingredients and huge prawns that look like they could have put up a fight before going in, I'm definitely having this again.
The Pad Thai was unlike one I've had before, literally wrapped in an omelette as stated on the menu, but it was also a joy... it reminded me of how Pad Thai can be in that it was bustling, exciting, and unique despite being such a popular dish... shame on places that serve unexciting Pad Thai... shame I say!
My friend had a sliced duck disk from the "wok" section...
I wasn't too envious when it came out because, despite looking good, it didn't have the oomph that my Pad Thai did... it did have fresh bits of chilli, green "on the stem" peppercorns, etc., but the duck itself looked like it wouldn't pack much flavour.
(Too many places can jazz up a plate of unflavourful meat so I've grown sceptical of these types of dishes over time.
)  Upon sampling however I was quite pleasantly surprised... the duck had a great taste and the leftover juice, marinade, etc., was so good that I had to try some of his boiled rice with it... it's still not the type of dish I would order myself, I need more variety than meat and rice, but if that's you're thing then I don't imagine you would be disappointed.
The only slight negative is that the prices can seem a bit high at first (£13 or so for the Pad Thai I believe, £6 something for the soup), but the portions are fitting of the prices... the soup wasn't main size huge, but definitely not your standard size, and the Pad Thai was big enough that I had to take some home to eat later that evening... even if the portions weren't suitably large I would rather pay a few pounds extra for something I really like and that's bustling with fresh ingredients as it was here, but that's just my take on it.
The place itself is cute, clean, and cozy without being too small, and despite being the only people in at 9:45 or so on a Sunday evening they were friendly and attentive without any hint of "why are these crazy people here so late" that you sometimes get upon late arrivals.
While in Edinburgh I dare say I'll likely be trying other dishes here before venturing out for comparisons, I suppose that speaks for itself.

This restaurant is quite small but nice   The personnel is kind   The food is good but pay attention that you have big stuff.
The chicken is not cut thin for exemple The price is correct for the city

If I lived here, I would go to Spirit of Thai all the time.
As it is, I had to talk my boyfriend out of eating every meal of our vacation at this restaurant, if only to be able to explore all of Edinburgh's offerings.
The service was incredibly gracious, but it was the food that has me thinking of this place from thousands of miles away.
You could tell the ingredients were as fresh as possible, and the flavors were complex and delicious.
It was one of those occasions where I had to hide the remainder of my meal from myself to be able to resist the urge to keep eating once I was full.
I didn't really have room left for the mango sticky rice, but we split it, and it was worth it.

