Great staff-- very friendly getting our family set up on a 2 hour evening trail ride through the Sonoran desert.
Mike, our guide told us interesting story after interesting story during the entire ride!
We saw owls, jackrabbits and a pack of coyotes throughout the evening.
This place has so much more than trail rides-- looks like it is a great place for group dinners and corporate events and birthday parties.
Wish I would have discovered this earlier!

fun way to start the day horseback riding.
we had a groupon for a 2 hour ride and started out at 8am.
the staff was extremely friendly and knowledgable about all things horse.
we had a very large group with a few kids so our ride, although nice, was extremely slow and somewhat boring.
we are no experts, but we've ridden horses a handful of time and it's more fun if you get to gallop a little or ride up and down some hills.
but here, we just talked along for 2 hours on flat land.
it looks like though, macdonalds ranch offers all kinds of kid friendly activities as well as night and sunset rides.
for a more exciting ride, check out the rides near south mountain.
but for a leisurely stroll along a flat desert, macdonalds is probably a better bet.

A fun and friendly place to take your kids, they loved the pony rides!

My bf and I were looking for someplace to go horseback riding on our trip to Arizona and low and behold a groupon came up for MacDonald's Ranch.
Perfect timing!
We scheduled a two hour evening trail ride that set out at 5pm through the Sonoran Desert and it was absolutely beautiful!
Our horses were very gentle (very important for a first timer like me) and followed our directions quite easily.
They match up the horses to the riding experience of each person, so if you haven't riden on a horse before they will give you a horse that is calm, doesn't go very fast, etc.
Shannon, our tour guide is the best!
Ask for him if you plan to go.
He is very knowledgeable about the plant life, environment, and the animals that inhabit the surrounding area.
He's also very funny and down to earth, he even suggested some local restaurants to eat at if you wanted authentic cowboy food -- which meant meat, meat, and more meat.
(We went, and it was yummy!
) Back to the trail ride--it was a private tour, which was pretty romantic.
We saw an abundance of animals: jackrabbits, coyotes and their cubs, and gray horned owls.
As the ride went on, I began to feel more comfortable and adventurous with my horse and we began to trot.
By the time we were heading back to the ranch the sun was setting and the sky was pink and purple, a great end to a fun ride.
Even though we used the groupon I would have happily paid full price because we had such a great time.
I would definitely go back again to check out some of their other trail rides or packages; I believe they do cookouts too.
And would recommend to friends and family for a great time!

When I first moved to Arizona, I lived less than a mile away from this place, so as you can imagine, I've driven by it thousands of times.
Seven years later, I finally made my way down the driveway to check it out, and I'm glad I did!
I went to meet some friends at their pumpkin patch.
Since it's unseasonably hot lately, and we all have young babies, we decided to meet first thing in the morning (at 9am, when they first open).
Smart move... even then it was pretty hot outside!
Luckily, MacDonald's Ranch has cold refreshments such as snoballs which we all enjoyed.
(Thanks Jake B for treating!
)  Unfortunately though, none of us knew that the actual pumpkin patch was a hayride away, and none of us felt comfortable bringing our newborns on the hayride, even with the car seats in tow.
So, we did make it to the ranch but left empty handed.
I guess I'll have to purchase my pumpkin elsewhere this season.
That said, MacDonad's Ranch does offer a ton of other fun activities including a petting zoo, pony rides, music, etc.
They host all kinds of events too, such as birthday parties, weddings, and corporate events.
Once Baby M is a bit older, I will definitely return to MacDonald's Ranch, but I don't think I got my $8 worth (the cost of entry) this time around.
Oh well...
Happy Halloween all!

It's been a while since I've been to a pumpkin patch as my son is now 10 and it doesn't interest him like it used to...but now that we have a baby in our midst, we get to enjoy all of those fun things all over again!
I've been to several pumpkin patches around the Valley over the years and MacDonald's Ranch is just as good as anybody else's patch.
What they do have over the others is more exposure to the animals at the ranch as well as a fun hayride.
The hayride leads out to a staged pumpkin patch area rather than an actual patch, but it is a different experience versus other places I've been.
There is a petting zoo and random animals walking around the ranch, as well as pony rides/horseback rides too.
There was plenty of parking and it was very crowded today when we went, but not so terrible that it sucked the fun out of our trip.
I just wish for once that it wouldn't be 90 freaking degrees every year that I go to a pumpkin patch but such is the nature of the beast in AZ.
Of course that is of no consequence to this review as only God can control that.
All in all, it was worth the trip and the $8 price of admission each.
Had we just gone with our baby, it wouldn't have been worth it so consider bringing at least 3 years old and up to really get your money's worth.

OK, so this place is perfect for kids birthday parties or someone that's never been on a horse.
Ill give them that.
But for anyone that has ridden this was the most uneventful and boring trail ride to go on.
There were so many people on our ride (approx 20)..all we did was walk.. no trotting, nothing, Just 2 hours of slow pace walking, even the horse I was on seemed bored out of his mind.

What an awesome day we had at Mac Donald's Ranch!!!
My Mom, sister and I went on an 1 1/2hr private ride with our guide Alison.
It was the perfect day, warm and a little overcast so the sun wasn't beating down on us.
Alison our guide was so nice and very informative.
She pointed out thing to us and if we had a question she was more than happy to answer it.
The horses where beautiful, very clean and well behaved.
I would definitively recommend Mac Donald's Ranch and hope to go back again soon.

Oh gosh, it was hot out.
I am going to dish this place a decent rating!
Brandon R. and I both brought our two liter water backpacks as we were told you lose two liters an hour in the desert and we weren't allowed to bring them along on the trail.
They said they would give us water for the ride, and we were given 5oz bottles of water.
Oh gosh not enough.
The ride itself was very lovely, albeit slow!
The guide was nice and humorous.
We both enjoyed ourselves.
The lack of water turned out to be a little torturous.
Turns out the guide took us on the one hour instead of the two hour track, so we were given a few more 5oz waters a piece when we were accidentally took back to the stable area.
It still wasn't enough I came out with a fever and a headache from lack of water.
They have moonlit rides and I would definitely go back.
Especially knowing they have private rides where you can blaze around the trails.
I recommend you bring a bandanna to keep the sand and grit out of your nose and mouth as it can get a little irritating.
It was wonderful riding the horses into the sunset.

I planned my best friends bachelorette weekend and 12 of us did a morning ride @ MacDonald's Ranch!
Everyone had the most amazing time, and it was the highlight of our trip.
The dessert ride was beautiful, and a nice change of scenery from LA.
Kelcie and the staff we're wonderful.
We had a brunch set up which was delicious and the perfect ending to our wonderful ride.
Oh, and the petting zoo was so much fun too!

We had a groupon to get in, so that alone saved the experience a bit.
There are free horse rides for the kids, a petting zoo and a hay maze but all those things took us only about 45 minutes.
Next we took the hay ride out to the pumpkin patch, what we were all looking forward to most.
The hayride was fun but the pumpkin patch was just precut overpriced pumpkins sitting on bales of hay.
I talked my sweet pea into skipping the pumpkin, I figured we could buy one at Trader Joe's for less and I wouldn't have to carry it so far.
We survived, but we definitely won't be there again.

If there was an option to give 0 stars I would.
My husband and I were very disappointed in the private ride.
It was not at all what was advertised.
I would love to be able to attach the letter I sent to them on here however it is extremely long.
I would never go back again.
There are many other places much better.
Try them first.

Great place to go for family horseback rides.
I  really liked the set up and the ease with which they do paperwork, riding prep etc.
They desert in north Scottsdale is beautiful this time aof year and the grounds are lovely for a spring ride.
The staff was very helpful , courteous and knowledgeable.
I would go there again in a heart beat.

The Ranch was perfect for our family event -- great fun, great food, great environment!
We hosted a large family event at MacDonald's Ranch in early March 2013, as part of our destination wedding weekend.
We had a group of about 45 friends and family, in ages ranging from toddlers to seniors.
This spot was fun for all!
Our group was stationed at the Headquarters spot, which allowed us to enjoy all the activities, like roping steerheads and the hayride through the ranch.
We catered in the cowboy BBQ cookout.
The caterers were friendly and hospitable, and the food was FANTASTIC!
We also hired a country dance instructor and balladeer for our event.
Both were entertaining and fun.
For our planning, we worked with Kelcie, who was absolutely terrific.
She was helpful in describing the property and options.
She listened to what we were looking for, and provided great recommendations for our group.
She was responsive and present during our event to make sure that all went as planned.
The rest of the staff were great, too.
While obviously for tourists, this event delivered a great experience without being too cheesy or touristy.
I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND this spot to others for group events.

We used a Groupon voucher for a two hour trail ride for two.
When we arrived we had to sign a release and pay a few dollars for tax.
I understood this was a trail ride, but was slower than expected and a bit too long for the pace.
The guides were nice and helpful getting on/off the horse and provided brief riding instruction.
Don't forget to tip your guide.
Very glad we went, it was a nice morning ride and enjoyed the experience.

I've been here twice.
First for the pumpkin patch and then just yesterday for the moonlight mud run.
The pumpkin patch was well organized and they had everything set up.
The mud run was a blast because it was my first one ever.
With that being said there were a couple things that stood out to me.
The generator ran out of gas for the showers at the end so over 100 people lined up and just starred at one another.
They had to run to the gas station to get more.
-_- poor planning.
Then, there was some crazy drunk lady that worked at the ranch running around belligerent.
I thought it was funny but then again I wasn't the person she was hanging and hugging on in line.
With that said I will go back here because I want to check out the moonlit ride.
Sounds fun!
Hopefully the guide isn't drunk ;)

Top notch in all they do!
A very friendly environment for families or for anyone!

My boyfriend and I had a great time on the 1.5 hour horseback ride.
We got there right on time and it took about 25 minutes to fill out paperwork and set up.
So the actual ride took about 1 hour.
The horses were all well trained and I felt comfortable and safe on mine (his name was Tommy) even though this was my first time riding.
The scenery during the ride was ok, nothing impressive.
Having lived in AZ for 11 years, I'm used to the cacti and the overall desert landscape.
The most exciting thing we saw was a jack rabbit running in the distance.
Our guide was cool and easy going.
He kept up a light/humorous conversation with everyone and was knowledgeable in responding to questions from the riders about plants and the horses.
However, he didn't really tell us about these things unless someone actually asked.
The horses do kick up a lot of dirt in the air, which will get in your nose, mouth and eyes.
I strongly recommend wearing sunglasses!
My nose was pretty itchy and congested after the ride...   Definitely bring a bottle of water!!
There is a little sack for it that's tied to the horse.
Also bring your camera!!
If it's small enough you can probably fit it in the same sack that holds the water bottle.
Or just keep it in your hand.
The ride is not too rocky so you can easily take pictures while you're on the horse.
Our guide was nice enough to take everyone's pictures with their own camera.
He would come up to everyone on his horse and they would hand him their camera or even cell phone and he kindly took the pictures.
We had Travelzoo deals, so it was a good value for the money.
They also gave us a buy one get one free card for next time we come, so we will probably return at some point in the future.

I have been here many times over the years, and it has certainly not the same.
I took my 6 year old grandson for his first trail ride.
Just the two of us with a bunch on other unknown people.
Knowing it was just he and I, they felt it was just fine and dandy to put him up in front with me behind four other riders.
When they initially were starting the trail ride, I informed whomever was lining us up that I wanted to be with him and I was informed since it was his first ride, they thought it best to have him go first.
Fine, but I should have gone next.
I have been there in the past with my granddaughter and never had that happen.
A wonderful memory between my grandson and I was just turned to crap.
I realized I should have been more vocal, but that is not me.
Thank you MacDonald Ranch for ruining a beautiful time between my grandson and I.

Our kids had a really great time.
The "pony" was quite large, the kids still loved the ride.
The staff here is really friendly and the layout allows for open exploration.
The horses here are beautiful and the petting zoo is great too.
Thanks for a great experience!

Terrible management.
Owner does not own up to issues associated with staff safety training or horses, customer service, AND has a terrible attitude.
After my bad experience, I complained to the owner directly, but he refused to take responsibility for the issue caused by his staff and at the same time talked down to me (like a child!).
I filed a complaint with the BBB but the owner outright LIED in his response about what happened, and he blamed the bad experience on ME.
I would suggest that you go somewhere else for a safer ride and for a better customer experience.
This place definitely does not care about you as a paying customer.
If anything were to happen during the ride, it's always YOUR fault.
Be warned - go somewhere else!

This is a pretty cool venue, Relatively close to town just just off the road there is this ranch.
Run be friendly people where you can do some western things.
Horse back rides.
Fires with s'mores, practice your lasso.
The entrance can be hard to find at night, just make a left at jomax and then the first left.

Loved the whole experience.
Nike, our guide was fantastic!
Everyone was friendly from the time I arrived until I left.
The horses were great also and our guide kept a watchful eye on everyone in the group.
I would personally recommend this to everyone!
In reading the complaints, I find most of them a little nit picky.
Anytime you ride an animal, it is a possibility something could happen, and all of it is explained in the waiver you are supposed to read before you ride.
It sounds like some people just sign it without any consideration.
A horse can buck or stumble but its not like the guide is making the horse do it.
It was relaxing, fun, and enjoyable!
I will return!

My friend had family in town for graduation and found horseback riding on TravelZoo.
set up this event.
We went on a Friday evening with a group of 8 people of various ability levels and ages.
Most of us have never been on a horse before.
We all used Travelzoo vouchers for a 90 minute ride.
We had no problems scheduling a time and redeeming vouchers.
We started at 6pm and were able to watch the sunset.
The horses were well mannered for the most part.
We had 3 wranglers, they were very friendly, talkative, and informative throughout the entire ride.
We learned about wildlife, plants, and the ranch.They matched horses to riders based on experience level and they were spot on.
The horse walked head to tail in a single file line for the entire ride, it got really slow at times.
Overall, it was a pleasant experience.
There is a small petting zoo and an area dedicated for some kid friendly games.
Remember to bring water and sunscreen.

Great ride and stories for our one hour trail ride.
We had ten people with nearly no experience, and everyone had fun.
Quick tip...pay cash for a discount.

