Dear Chick-fil-A,  Your waffle fries are delicious, as are your chicken sandwiches.
Love,   Sean  p.s.
I'm scared to try your breakfast menu, because it just looks like a tiny chicken sandwich on a biscuit, which sounds pretty effing weird to me.
Actually, it sounds delicious.
I've changed my mind, Chick-fil-A, I will have one of your odd breakfast things as soon as I get the chance.

Num, num, num.
For fast food one of the better choices you can make

Always good service and the drive thru moves pretty fast even when there's a line.

-Fast service!
Drive-thru line moves quickly.
-Consistantly friendly service.
-Delicious for being fast food!
The quality is way better than Taco Bell or McDonald's.
-Dipping sauces are surprisingly very good for being fast food.
-Love the cole slaw and the waffle fries!
-This is located in the Lowe's Shopping Center at the SW CORNER of Dysart & McDowell.
CLOSED on SUNDAYS.

pricey but good.
I have always really liked Chick-Fil-A, but don't eat there a whole lot because they are pricier than the other fast food options out there

Great service and tasty food.
YUM YUM YUM!

Fast and friendly, and can you say YUM?!!!
LOVE Chick-fil-A!

Not such a fan of the chicken, but I do like the waffle fries.
I don't like for the breading on my chicken to taste like honey mustard.
Also pretty pricey compared to other fast food.
The wifi at this location was decent, by wifi standards.
Employees were all friendly, but I think next time I'll hit up the In and Out nearby instead.

great service!!
one of the best fast food place ever.......

My first taste of chick fil a in YEARS.
It was going great until they forgot the mayo.

Love Chick-fil-A!
Been a Raving Fan for almost 6 years.
When it comes to customer service and atmosphere, it just doesn't get any better than Chick-fil-A.
It's more than just a transaction, it's an experience.
Great family environment and healthy choices.

Love this place!
The employees here are all so friendly and they keep the restaurant clean!
My son loves to play in the children's play area and that is also very well kept.
We enjoy the food and love the service, the drive thru never has a ridiculous wait time either.
Very pleased all around.

Really disappointed.
Me and my son went thru the drive thru at Dysart location here in West Phoenix, not five minutes from my house.
It was about 9:20 or so and we must have gotten everyones leftovers that had been under the lamp for an hour.
The waffle fries cold, hard and dry.
The sandwich was cold and bread hard around edges.
We hadn't gone in a while but my son said," this is not what I remember.
" I tried calling and of course they were closed.
My son had just gotten off off work and was hungry so he ate his two sandwiches and I lost my appetite, and am so upset I put my food in the bag and will wake up extra early tomorrow to take it back and speak to manager.
If they want to leave early they shouldn't make a batch and let them sit there, close early.
The last customer deserves  fresh food as the first customer of the day.
I work hard for my money, I paid 18.00 for two #1 combos and extra sandwich, it's expensive but I used to think it was worth a treat once in a while.
Think about it, if someone gets paid 9.00 and hour they had to work 2 hours tp pay for that, if they earn 18.00 it's still an hour of work to pay for your food, forget about minimum wage!
Lets remember they are taking more taxes from our checks now, most people I know have lost 100.00 and more off each check.
We deserve hot fresh food!!

As far as the food goes, this place is like any other Chick-fil-a.
I come here b'c the service is usually better than other fast food joints.
Today's occasion though, not so much.
I had just come from the doctor's office and wasn't "all there" so I was a little slow and stumbly getting my order together, I admit it.
The lady who took my order seemed so impatient and annoyed with me.
I even apologized as I ordered but no reaction from this woman.
I guess maybe she was having a bad day, too.
See, I can be understanding.
I don't know why she wasn't.

Love the tasty chicken sandwiches and love the great service!

After many months of hearing how delicious Chick-fil-A is I was in the area so I decided to give it a try.
Since I have never been here before I bought a regular chicken sandwich, chicken nuggets and some waffle fries for my son and I to share so we could try a variety of things.
The service in the drive thru was friendly and quick.
I was in and out in no time.
The food on the other had left a lot to be desired.
To me the fries were a little undercooked but still decent.
The chicken nuggets were cooked pretty good and seasoned well.
The chicken sandwich was so dry I could barely gag it down.
Even after adding some sauce to it, it was still dry.
Bottom line it was ok.
Nothing I would drive far to get because honestly I could go to Carl's JR and get a better chicken sandwich right by my house.
Maybe I expected to much because of how everyone raves about it.
I probably won't be back.

Chick-fil-A is always at least 4 stars in my book, as we don't have it in Vegas.
We're sinners, we don't deserve it.
Pulled off to this Chick-fil-A for my out of town fix on the way to Arizona, and my 12 piece nugget was one of the worst I remembered.
I don't know if it was because I was in Goodyear or because they were just closing, but they were too crispy.
Still enjoyable, but man it was not the CFA experience I desired.

I had to get my Chick-fil-A fix looks like everyone else had my thought place is packed

After traveling home from California on Monday 10/14.
My daughter and I pulled into this establishment at 9:30pm.
We were greeted by the one and only "Unique" YES, that is her name.
What a beautiful person she truly is.
She was so friendly and we had a straight out, honest to goodness conversation with her.
Thank you Unique for being such a beautiful person.
Someone please give her employee of the year or a BIG raise!

This Chick-fil-A is a GREAT location!
Their service is always speady, food is always fresh, and the customer service is great!
love coming here!!
also..the spicy chicken sandwhich is delicous!

Our favorite place on cheat days.
Fresh fruit and chicken strips.
But everyone loves Chick-fil-a!
Staff here is awesome and friendly.
On busy lunch rushes, they even have people outside taking orders to speed things along.
Awesome customer service!

Great service at lunch time you get in and out even through the drive thru.
Food os always excellent.

Yum.
Quick service even when busy.

Rediscovering chick-fil-a.
Love the chicken nuggets and chicken sandwiches.
this place is addicting, seriously what so they put in the chicken breeding!
I used to have this all the time back in college and now I remember why.
What a refreshing blast from the past.

Too bad they're closed on sunday.
Definitely better than mcdonalds.
I love this place!

I love Chick-fil-A.
The only people that don't haven't been there.
This restaurant is clean and the staff is friendly (as usual).
My kids meal was exactly to my liking...but no surprise there.
Overall, this is the only fast food establishment I choose to go to.

This is the best location of theirs I've been to.
Great and I mean GREAT customer service from beginning to end.
Kids area is well kept and the staff is very accommodating to the little ones.
I am a big fan of chickfila already, this place just validates my thought process.
Well done!

