Everyone loves a good pampering now and then, and you could do a lot worse than Frenchy's.
In fact, I'd say you'd struggle to find better.
They offer such a huge range of different treatments (as in, 28 different types of waxing alone) that you are immediately reassured that they know what they're doing and have plenty of experience.
Which, in my book, is fairly important if I'm going to let them start smearing hot wax all over various parts of me.
Their manicures make great presents.
I buy them for friends for birthdays etc because they're good enough value from my present-buying point of view (£18 for the classic manicure, up to £32 for the luxury) but they're luxurious enough to make your friends think you spent a lot more than you did!
Also, they use Jessica polishes so you know it's not all going to flake off after a day.
But it's their massages that are the best thing about Frenchy's.
I'm a massage junkie, so I have plenty of other places to compare this to, and their Indian Head Massage is probably the best I've ever had in my life.
They do your scalp, neck, shoulders and face, and by the end you feel like you just slept for 20 years and then had a facial.
You have to go and try it for yourself.

Frenchy's Beauty Boutique is a lovely little local beauty treatment store in the centre of the Bruntsfield area of Edinburgh.
Frenchy's offer a wide range of beauty treatments, which although they can be on the pricey side sometimes, they are great value for what you receive.
They offer an extensive range of waxing treatments which start at £10 (for eyebrows) and go up to £47 (full leg and Brazilian).
Frenchy's Beauty Boutique also do manicures and pedicures, which start at £18 for a classic manicure, and £24 for the luxury one.
I come here quite frequently for a manicure as the service I received was excellent and my nails look amazing for up to two weeks after the treatment.
Eyelash and eyebrow tinting is available which starts at £7, and a spray tan is also on offer, costing £25.
Frenchy's also offers a range of different massage's which include a whole body massage, an Indian Head massage and a pregnancy massage.
The massage prices start at £25 for a back, neck and shoulders massage and go up to £60 for a total body care treatment which includes full body exfoliation and cellulite busting cream - it has something for everyone.
The staff in Frenchy's are incredibly friendly and are prepared to stay late in the shop for you to get a treatment done.
They are open Monday to Saturday, but treatments can be performed on a Sunday if an appointment is made before hand.
Frenchy's is a great beauty place to go to de-stress yourself after a long day at work.

