Ladies and gentlemen, I present the "official" Lady Diana memorial tartan.
When she wasn't copulating with a tax dodging Egyptian crook or spending your money on designer dresses and five-star holidays, the Princess of Hearts did a tremendous job pretending to care about AIDS victims in foreign countries.
Sadly, since she and one of her many sexual partners both stopped breathing due to massive internal injuries on that fateful night, the light she left on all our lives has been allowed to dim.
But not here, not at Elgin Cashmere.
Her spirit lives on, both spiritually and profitably.
Just £200 will purchase a tasteful tartan rug for the back of your white Fiat Uno.
Wrap yourself up in it, and feel the warmth and compassion of everyone's most cherished adulterous, workshy freeloader.

I was born in Buckie.
For those of you not in the loop, that's 16 miles from Elgin.
Thus, I feel a bit of a loyalty to the area, nothing much else happens up there!!
Elgin cashmere is great, it's mainly supplied from Johnstons of Elgin, so you just know you're getting quality.
The shop itself is located right in the middle of the Royal Mile, so hits all the tourists and has that appeal.
The price is hefty, but the quality is good!

If you want to buy the perfect cashmere gift, Elgin Cashmere is the place to go.
Situated in the centre of the Royal Mile, Elgin Cashmere is in the ideal location for tourists to pop into and is a great store to buy a truly Scottish item.
This store sells both men's and women's clothing, as well as baby and children's clothes which are so cute!
The cashmere jumpers and cardigans are the softest things to touch - really smooth and warm - and are of excellent quality so they are guaranteed to last for years.
Elgin Cashmere also sells trousers, skirts, nightwear and T-shirts.
I love to come into this store and admire the gorgeous cashmere wraps and scarves which come in a variety of different colours and different tartans.
As all their clothes are made with the finest cashmere, they are pretty pricey with cardigans and jumpers costing about £200 and scarves and shawls costing about £50.
Elgin Cashmere is a fantastic Scottish store which sells some beautiful clothes, albeit at a price, but it is so worth it!

You can tell from the fronting that Elgin Cashmere is the genuine article.
It stocks high quality cashmere that sets it apart from its competitors (made in Elgin, as the name suggests).
It's a great place to stop by if you're planning on getting something special to take home for a loved one.
I did a double take when I saw Lady Di's face hanging above the door, however.
I actually peered in disbelief for a bit.
But my appalling eyesight does not deceive me - you can get her memorial tartan here.
I don't know what I think of that venture and want to be tactful.
I can, however, tell you a funny joke that I thought up whilst taking a Yelp picture for this establishment.
If you want to hear it, drop me a line.
Now that I've suggested it's funny, it's probably not even!

