this low carb diet is especially painful when literally everyone around me is devouring stacks of yummy looking pancakes smothered in fruit and whipped cream.
my chorizo and eggs didn't look as appetizing as those pancakes, but it did the job, and our server didn't balk at substituting cottage cheese for the hashbrowns and tortillas.
the chorizo was definitively better than what jack-in-the-box claims is chorizo but fell quite short of the filiberto's version.
the eggs were just dandy and my cottage cheese was overflowing in it's dish.
ihop's coffee was fresh, hot and tasty.
i can't complain about the service, and that's really saying something.
there was a wait when we got there, but we were seated in 5 minutes and were out in just under an hour.
i expect to be back - ihop is quick, close to home and perfect for a cheap breakfast.
they're open 24 hours too.

I've only been here after 2AM, but the food and service has always been great!
The late-night staff is definitely the main reason why we come here.

Just like another reviewer said, it's the late night staff that keeps my friend and I coming back.
I've only been there once during the day and I don't remember anything bad about the experience, but for some reason the 2 AM crew is fantastic.
It is still an IHOP, so the food is fine but not amazing, although it does seem to really hit the spot in the middle of the night.
And for the price, it's hard to complain.

This Ihop is the best.
We go in after 10 pm at least once a week and the server Clayton is fantastic.

I had the three egg and three pancake meal for lunch today.
The food was good and my server was attentive and did a great job.
The Manager/Cashier asked me how was everything.
I told him that I had a thimble of butter that was as hard as a rock.
And maybe IHOP should consider softening the butter and also give enough butter to cover your pancakes.
He channeled the Corporate Voice of IHOP and proceeded to apoligize about the rock hard butter and it's the health code that requires restaurants to serve rock hard butter, blah, blah, blah.
I told him to check out The Waffle House, they know how to serve butter with a meal.
This guy just decided to continue to be part of the problem instead of part of the solution by continuing his spiel about the health department.
So, I'm going to apoligize in advance, I won't be dinning there anymore.

My husband and I are quickly becoming regulars here.
The staff is really inviting and make sure all the customers are happy even when it isn't their own table/section.
Menu is diverse which is a big plus for me as I don't care for traditional breakfast foods.

Ah iHop...this is a regular stopping place for us on a Saturday/Sunday morning before hitting the movie theatre at Norterra.
The food is generally good, our son loves the pancakes here, and I am a big fan of the crepes.
The service is typically good but can be a little slow.

This place is the example of great service.
Our waitress was extremely attentive on a busy Sunday morning.
One of the waitresses cleared a table for another waitress and received a big thank you from her.
Great teamwork.
Management came by and was extremely interested in how our breakfast was going.
Whoever is managing this place is doing an OUTSTANDING job.

Breakfast for lunch or dinner?
What could be better?!!??!
We have become regulars at this location being the closest to my house... pre-Yelp checkin', I have been here a TON of times!
I am not a morning person, and rarely eat breakfast.
So, when I crave an omelette for lunch - this is the go-to place.
I always tend to order the same thing... it's a craving right???
Bacon Temptation Omelette -- ya right!
BACON!
And this place knows how to make them.. because I think they put extra bacon...  crispy bacon, cheese sauce, jack and cheddar cheeses and diced tomatoes - and BACON.
;)  Service at this location has always been quick, efficient, and the servers know how to chit-chat while having a good time.
Lastly - and if you read my other reviews you will notice I always comment on bathrooms....
I have kids.
The Bathrooms in this place have been clean on every visit!
Actually amazing since most of the times we have been there were busy.
Nice to know a place can maintain even with an overflow of customers.

Heck yes.
Why go anywhere else?

Great breakfast spot, pancakes were delicious, service was great.

I don't expect much from diners, but GEEZ give me a break!
We went on a Saturday morning and yes it was busy but ALL 3 meals were COLD as ice and my husbands eggs weren't over easy, they were over raw.
I expect over easy eggs to be runny and maybe some white portions not perfect but they were clear!
I almost lost it while watching him try to eat around it.
My daughter's pancakes were cold, my french toast was cold and none of it could even melt the butter a little bit.
When they ask if everything's ok they are literally walking past and you just know if you asked to heat it up who knows when you might get it back and how it would be then.
It was a big disappointment because really, how hard is it to get warm french toast and pancakes at an IHOP?
So so sad...

Have to say I was pleasantly surprised by this Ihop.
Large line on a Sunday morning but it didn't take long to get seated.
Food was very good, service was excellent, and the pricing was acceptable.

Not really one of my favourite breakfast spots but since my company where in the mood for pancakes and this place was close by we ended up here anyway.
"Regular" pancakes with syrup and jam is a bit boring and i think the ones at Ihop are the same.
This time i tried the Red Velvet Pancakes with frosting between the layers of pancakes and these where actually quite good.
Its more of a dessert or maybe a decadent weekent breakfast as i see it but anyway nice grub!
Prices are fair as any other Ihop and the staff is friendly.

Been here twice, both times I've had great servers.
Food has been above average good  and seated quickly.
I had a coupon for a free Rooty Tooty Fresh 'N Fruity® .
Definitely returning.

Clean, great service and food hot and tasty.

This location is neat and clean, not too busy, food is fast and good, same for service.
It's also easy to get to, and parking is plentiful.

I really like this place.
I go there almost every weekend with my mom and sisters.
The staff is always friendly and the wait is never too long even though it's usually pretty busy.

This location needs a lot of help.
My dad and I sat at our table for close to 20 minutes before we even spoke to anyone.
If they were busy, I would understand but they were close to dead.
We ordered our food and coffee at the same time and when they brought us our coffee, the container was almost empty and the coffee was watered down.
We informed our server of it and he said he would bring us more.
Well, food came out, we ate it all and still no coffee.
Then they had the nerve to try to charge us for it.
The food was terrible.
Hash browns were raw.
Won't be back because this isn't the first time I've had a bad experience at this location.
Prices keep going up, quality keeps going down.

