This little boutique may be small but it packs a big punch in the world of shoes and I could spend all day drooling over the babies in here.
It did make me sad to see my very own peep-toe Louboutins displayed in the window here all shiny and new when mine are a bit more well loved and not in the same condition as the beautiful new ones in the window.
Oh well, I guess shoes are for wearing and I've certainly got the wear out of mine.
In addition to Louboutins Pam Jenkins also offers, Jimmy Choo's, Tory Burch and Kate Spade so if you're a shoe fan head along here to check out the glamorous heels.
They also do sales so you could grab yourself a bargain pair of beautiful shoes.
Hurrah!

What a cute we shop!!
I use the term 'wee' with a big emphasis...!
They have the most amazing shoe collection but they also come with the most amazing price tag ever.
They sell all the big boys - Louboutin, Jimmy Choo, D&G, you name it they've got it.
My mum told me that if I graduate with a 1.1 degree she'll buy me a pair of Louboutins from here - not that's motivation

PAM JENKINS SELLS CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN SHOES!!!
Enough said.
Situated in Thistle Street, Pam Jenkins is right in the centre of the New Town area of Edinburgh and is just around the corner from the main shopping street, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.
Pam Jenkins is an amazing boutique, primarily selling shoes, but it also stock handbags and jewellery.
I love to come into this store and admire all the beautiful shoes and they stock a range of different designers including Jimmy Choo, Kate Spade, Tory Burch as well as Louboutins.
Although these beautiful shoes do definitely come at a price, with most shoes costing around £400-500 - ouch!
They do have frequent sales on though so it is worth popping in to see if there are any bargains to be had.
Clutch bags, shoulder bags and totes are also available here, but again at a price.
I can't wait until I am able to afford the beautiful shoes in this store.

