The best place in Las Vegas to buy quality high-end jewelry.
My husband has bought all my fabulous rings, earrings, watches etc.
and I bought his engagment ring and watch here as well.
It's the only place in Las Vegas to jewelry at great prices.
Make sure to speak to Tanya, she consistently gives great customer service and continues to help my husband and I with all our jewelry needs.
We'll never go to another jewelry store again.

Extremely offended.
I walked in to look at engagement rings and wedding bands and before the sales lady even said hello, she told me a pawn shop might have something more in my price range.
Apparently, if you wear a hoodie, you don't have enough money to shop there.
I wouldn't give them business or the time of day after that.

The place is wonderful and the staff is so friendly!
I was just there last week to find an anniversary gift.
The sales rep was so helpful and gave me wonderful ideas within my budget.
I left there with a beautiful watch and that my husband absolutely LOVED!!!
I will definitely come back and tell all friends to come and check out!!!

Best hidden secret off the strip for Jewelry that is.
Great staff, beautiful store.
Hidden gem.
Top name designers at bargain prices.
My only place to buy jewelry anymore.

Didn't find the Tazonite I was looking for

How is it possible for me to not know about this place when I lived here?
Somehow it flew under my radar.
Now that I live out of state, I heard about this place from a friend and had to stop by....well, I'm glad I did!
They have some awesome pieces of jewelry here.
High quality, decent priced pieces of jewelry are in every case.
Be prepared though, this is not for people looking for cheap stuff....you better come in with a bank roll or a credit card with a high limit.
If you come in here expecting super low priced items, you better do yourself a favor and stay home.
When you arrive, you have to get buzzed into the shop.
Once you get inside, you feel like you're in a high end jewelry shop instead of a liquidation center for SuperPawn.
The employees here are friendly and helpful too.
Now that I know about this place, it will be on my must-see list when I'm back in town.
Return Factor - 95%

I had no idea this place existed and I'm a native.
I drive by it all the time and never noticed it.
The sales lady was very helpful and a hell of a sales person.
I went in to buy 1 thing and ended up going almost $500 over budget.
The people there were very nice.
I'm pretty sure they do this for everyone, but because I was a first time customer, I got a $200 coupon and an additional $40 coupon for joining their text notification list.
I saw a few watches that I liked, so I'm definitely going to be taking a trip back in the near future.

I love this hidden gem of place, especially Jerry, the cutest sales assistant there was.
I Always end up buying something here.
They have high end jewelry only and the sales assistant are all nice and patient.
Angel is among the other nice sales assistant.
Also, you will get a good deal here for sure.
And who does not want diamonds AND a good deal?
Remember, They have watches and jewelry only- which makes a difference believe me.
Go and get yourself some diamonds- and say Hi to Jerry from me :)   Ops !!
ended up buying two bracelets though I had planned to buy one only.. Bring your credit card !
They have a return policy btw.

