Don't waste your time here the bar won't be open much longer.
Service is beyond slow.
They do have hot girls working there, but good luck trying to get one to serve you.
They are too busy texting or talking to their friends who they feed free drinks too.
The bar has the right idea, but just has a poor management team.
Bar is heavy on the MMA dbags and Jersey Shore wannabes.

No specials, poor service, is how I would sum this place up 90 percent of the time.
My bf and I are here now and being treated pretty well because we are wearing Cowboys gear and Cowboys fans get a complimentary schnapps shot and 2 hot wings.
However, it took more than 10 minutes to get a waitress to acknowledge us when we sat down at the dirty table we had to ask to have cleaned...this place has the potential to be great, nice TVs, good wings, nice waitresses (while the waitresses are really hot, they don't seem to be too concerned with the quality of their service), but it NEEDS good drink and food specials BAD.
It's our corner bar, we want it to be good!

Ok, I have a few hours to kill between work and class so I stop by Babe's Sports Grill off Shea and Scottsdale Rd.
For a beer and quick snack while watching the Magic/Knicks game  First imprssion...kinda dive, and old looking, but since this is a new place I guess that's what management wanted.
Michelle, my upbeat server,  told me it was $2 Tuesday and ran off the specials.
I asked for a 4 Peaks...we don't serve that.
Ok, how 'bout a Killian's....nope.
Sam Adams???
Sorry.
Holy crap!
What kind of sports bar is this?
Michelle, my perky and buxsom server, did her best to encourage me to try some other drafts, but I reluctantly went with (shudder) Fat Tire.
on Michelle's advice that tacos were $2, I ordered 3...2 pork and one fish along with "tha hottest sauce you have back there".
A few minutes later, there they were.
I dipped my finger into the sauce and tasted, you guessed it, wing sauce...and not the ultra nuclearmeltdown verioun either.
Most Hispanics could feed this in place of mother.s milk and even a few gringos would probaly say...wtf?
Anyway, yes there was heat, but hey we're in AZ, Dorothy.
The tacos themselves were ok.
The fish was moist and had pretty good flavor.
Then I took a bite of the pork.
Now, I'm a chef and I couldn't wrap my head around that surprising taste.
So I took another bite.
Waiaminuite...could it be?
Awwww, Hell no!
Thatis bbq sauce or something!
On a pork taco???
I'm done .
Go to the men's room and am greeted by the police mug shots of famous athletes wh ran afoul of the law.geez, great touch.
Check please.

Seriously people!
Is it me or am I the only person who likes having big beers and $.25 wings served to me by sooper hot n' cool "babes" on a freakn weeknight?
I'm talkn good wings people!
Good things!
Oh yeah!
Go D-backs!
Great music videos and they turn up the volume.

I am giving the Babe's Sports Bar on Higley only one star for a single reason and her name is Clarise.
Nikki the bar tender and another waitress, Tammy were awesome but Clarise was such a bi%ch, and intentionally so that I would recommend everyone stay as far away as possible.
I don't know if she has a complex because all the blondes who work there are so much hotter and nicer than her or not but I suggest she get a job at a mortuary so she doesn't have to worry about being nice to the customers.

Ok, where do I start?
We went there for the Dallas Cowboys opener with a fan club and after looking this place up to find where it was, we saw all the horrible service reviews and decided to go anyway and give the place a shot.
Well, as the reviews said, we sat there for nearly 20 minutes with the "girls" walking right by us with no service.
I had to get up, go to the manager and ask if we could please be helped.
10 minutes later, we grabbed a girl walking by and made her take our order.
A week later, at another get together with a crowd of Cowboy fans, we met up once again at this place ( i don't know why we did this!
) Thinking it would be different, I guess.
Same horrible service from dingy chicks and rude people standing in the way of us being able to see the TV to watch the game.
To make the situation even better, listen to this!....
My sister and about 4 of her girlfriends were tabbing out and the waitress had overcharged them on the bill, and made them wait almost 30 minutes to get it resolved.
(They left pretty mad).
Then we decided to tab out and leave and "low and behold" we were charged for two more beers that we didn't order!
At this point, I was really mad.
I went up to the manager, who i learn later is actually the owner, and told him what had happened to the table next to us and now us from the same waitress.
He proceeded to tell me how much the "girls" make per hour and how it is impossible for them to do something like that on purpose with the little money they make...WHAT???
He never apologized or anything, he was literally offended by me wanting him to know that we weren't happy with our service!!
The waitress came over and was just as offended that i had gone to her manager and said something...she took the charges off and dropped the bill on the table.
As we were waiting for some friends to finish up and go, I called the "manager" over and asked him what his name was.
He hesitated to tell me and asked me why i wanted to know his name.
He proceeded to tell me that he was the owner of the bar and his name was Mike.
I said, "okay, that's all i need to know" and he insisted on asking me, "why?, did i do something wrong"... in a very sarcastic and rude tone, he again was annoyed and bothered.
Its a shame that we won't be going there anymore to be with all our friends to watch football, but it's really just not worth it!
When the owner of an establishment doesn't care to resolve issues and would rather not hear about them, I would rather not spend money at their bar.
Just like many of the other reviews mention, I doubt this place will be in business very long with the poor quality of service it provides.

I'm a fan...the food is real good, the servers are as expected...typical broads, but at least there's a 40% chance they don't have herpes.
I'll take my chances...

I think the low rating is not deserved.
Service was great.
Beer cold and good lunch.
Oh, did I mention eye candy too?....The only drawback was that I think you can find better NFL drink specials at other bars in the area.

I started off here early int the night to originally meet up with a fairly large group of people for the UFC night.
We got there early to ensure a table for the over 10 people group I was with.
At first it started off alright.
I'd have to wait 10 minutes after my beer was gone to see the waitress who eventually forgot my beer, then came back with it another 20 minutes after she realized she forgot it.
I was trying to be understanding since our group was so large and everyone was ordering drinks and appetizers.
Then, the crowd got large.
I was annoyed to not see our waitress for over 30 minutes and so I went to the bar.
There were 50 guys at the bar and they all were served before me.
It was more than frustrating because I was there waiting before most of them.
Later in the night, I managed to run into an old coworker and hung out with him and a group of whom I'd call fairly attractive young guys.... they got service every 10 minutes or less.
It was insane!
My former coworker was ordering cheap beer and no food and managed to get better service than the group of people I was with ordering premium drinks and appetizers!
Apparently it takes having a penis to get service around there!!
WTF?!
The only reason why I'd CONSIDER coming back to this place is because I found out (2 hours after being here because the waitress never told us specials) Coors Lights were $2.... Guys obviously love going there because the waitresses are fairly attractive, but the bar was a sausage fest, for sure, which normally would be a good thing for a single girl, but good luck getting any form of service!

This place is decent.
Just like a one time movie you would want to only spend a dollar on at the Redbox.
One and Done.
I had their teriyaki wings which were pretty good, my friend had the shrimp bites or whatever and said it tasted like frozen Costco food and my boyfriend had the Philly cheese steak looking sandwich which didn't impress him in the slightest because once we left this establishment he said he wasn't feeling it since the time we stepped foot and the waitress that first approached us was leaving but only took my order and my friends not my boyfriends so he was pretty pissed about that and not a good way to welcome him to the place.
Would i drive back to this place for wings?
I think not.
Will I come for their pazookies again?
Yah ill pass on that too.
The next waitress we had was nice but not awesome.
She tried to charge me extra for wings when Monday is 50 cent wing day.
When i told her of her mistake she said she had to take it off at the register.
THANK YOU CAPTAIN OBVIOUS!
i am not a dumb 24 year old who doesn't know how to work a computer and unaware of promotions at a job.
Our friends were lucky enough to have an awesome bartender literally all day give them quality service and above par expectations.
we just did not get either.

Not a bad place, but not a great place either.
I went there to watch UFC143 with some buddies and my fiancé and must say, we were some what disappointed.
The cheeseburger we ordered was gross.
The meat they use must be the cheapest money can buy.
The fries were amazing and I almost ordered more.
The waitress was nice and friendly.
Personally I  won't be going back.
Nothing stood out to me to where i " must go back ".
Place is worth trying, but I highly doubt you will fall in love.
Oh yea, and not a good place to watch the fights.
People go so they don't need to pay a cover, but you get what you pay for!
Tilted Kilt on Gilbert Rd and Baseline is a great spot to watch fights.
Only $5 over so place isn't too crowded either!

Great pizza and wings special!!!
Also order the bucket of beers, BT let me change it to my game, they have the MLB package !!

In the past I might've given Babe's a 3 or even 4-star review BUT this last time ruined my experience!
I'll start with the good.
Every Wednesday they have a 25 cent wing day which is awesome especially since they are so close to where I live and go to school.
They have a ton of flat screens so you could be watching a music video, baseball game, basketball game, tv etc.
all at once!
I really enjoy the honey hot wings which are saucey all over, juicy, and decent overall.
Now... comes the bad.
The service is always sub-par!!
:/ I hate to give them a bad review based on this but my recent visit was the absolute last straw.
Every time we've come, there has been a mix up of the orders, something missing, drinks left unfilled, etc.
It's pretty frustrating!
It's kind of amazing that you could ask for ketchup 3 times and still not get it even after you've finished all your fries.
This last time, we walked in and stood there for a few minutes with no acknowledgment when the place wasn't even that busy.
So we assumed that maybe we should sit down?
We sat... and sat.... and saaaat.
Still no one.
I even waved to a waitress and nothing?
Finally, we gave up and just left.
Idk what it is.
Maybe they were swamped or something but honestly, there could be some improvements.

I go to Babe's strictly for the wings...
They have gone up in price recently but its still a good deal on a tasty lunch.
Their pizza slices aren't too bad either.
You can customize them by the slice with whatever toppings your heart desires.
To wet your whistle, they have nice big beers on special at happy hour with a decent selection of drafts.
Babe's has a pretty good selection of food, including sandwiches and salads, but I have yet to change it up and order anything other than wings.

Service... OMG.
Find the owner...
Slap some sense in them.
I cannot believe how oblivious some people are that let's them think they have the right to be an owner.
We seriously asked for water... 3 times!
Our food was delivered and there was no silverware.
We asked for silverware... 3 times!
All while our quirky little waitress chatted it up with the bartender.
If you have but one day to live because the world is ending, and Desert Babe's is the last place to get food on the planet, shoot yourself in the head and save yourself true misery.

I work next to the place and has visited many times for lunch, but it's certainly gone downhill on the service side more than anything.
It does take for ever to receive your food, I've only had the burgers that were pretty good.
I haven't been back in a couple of months...

Service was better this time than our first time there.
music is way too loud.
Food was just ok.  Gonna try a new place next time.

The positives: fairly decent beer selection and close to my house.
The negatives: ummmm...everything else.
Specifically the prices and service.

Its okay - Wednesday Wing Night is very good, with some very tasty wings.
If you're good enough to sit with the bikers, even better - they always get the best damn server on the planet... if you don't get Brittany, you might as well go somewhere else.
Still, only light beers on tap and the bottles are a bit overpriced... onlon rings are good, but I'd almost swear they are the frozen ones from Sam's Club or from the Walmart deli counter - in other words, nothing to write home about.
All in all, a reasonable place - just nothing to write home about until they get real beer on tap.

I met some friends here & I was a bit unsure at first with all the grueling reviews but I was pleasantly surprised at the service I got here.
The waitresses were pleasant to the eyes & were very friendly & took care of us promptly.
Food was decent but all I had was pizza & fries.
Pizza have a good taste & good crust flavor.
I will definitely meet up with friends here again if they call this place our destination

Horrible service.
It's nice to watch the ufc for free but u have to wait at least 45 mins for your food.
And they ran out of beer glasses and their excuse is " we're busy".
I don't care.
Hire more people.
Buy more glasses and Own up to it.
The food is ok but not worth the bad service.

Despite all the negative reviews, every time I've eaten here I've received fantastic service.
The food is good, UFC fights are free and the servers that I've had are pretty damn hot.
Numerous flat screens throughout the bar, drinks are good.
The only negative thing I would have to say is that some of the servers seem very un professional.
I think their friends or boyfriends frequent the bar because I've seen servers sit down with them, sneak a few bites with them, and I've seen servers rubbing guys backs and even grabbing some ass.
I didn't mind but being a business owner myself, that kind of behavior from my employees would make me flip.
I understand they're trying to create a neighborhood bar atmosphere but I can see how it can be misconstrued as unprofessional by other patrons such as myself.
Other than that, my server, who I think is part African American, is not only epically hot but she is a fantastic server.
I'll love this place as long as I receive the great service that I'm accustomed to from babes.

Food was mediocre nothing to crazy average bar food, it was a bit cold when it came out.
Service was TERRIBLE, one poor waitress working and three others hanging out txting and pretending they're counting money, poor waitress had so many tables she would forget drinks ordered and it would take 40mins for a beer to get back to the table, food wasn't good enough to come back.
Bathroom sinks don't work.

All I have to say is the girls they've employed to work in this "establishment," are the most ditzy people I've ever encountered.
They will talk to their own friends before addressing your needs as a customer.
If you ask them to get you a drink when they aren't done with their conversation (which we waited nearly seven minutes), they will talk back and make a snide remark which is what happened to myself, and two other friends I was with.
We left before losing our dignity by spending a dime in this place.
Perhaps the girls bartending / serving were upset the girls we brought in were more attractive than they were.
The one good thing I have experienced at this place is a slice of pizza on a Tuesday evening for 2 dollars.
The pizza was epic.
But service was still awful.
My pizza experience was months prior to the experience I detailed above, and was the sole reason I insisted going back.
I won't be going back.
If you don't have a TAPOUT shirt or a lifted truck in the parking lot, move along.

