I have loved practicing yoga here.
The teachers are so friendly and do a great job describing the poses so no matter what level you are at you feel challenged.

We took advantage of the Two Week Special for $25.00 per person.
We've been two day and the instructors have been great!
They explained the difference between yoga and hot yoga.
They made us feel very welcome.
No pushy sales upfront with the two week special.
I will update our after our two weeks is up ...

Hot Yoga Ahwatukee is amazing!
The wife and I totally enjoyed our hot yoga sessions!
We felt renewed after each one!
The instructors are great and willing to help you with your individual needs and motivation.
The heat is like nothing else.
Make sure you drink plenty of water before, during and after!
Bring a towel for your mat, a headband/bandanna and a hand towel.
Trust me you will need them all!
We can't tell you how wonderful it is, you have to experience it yourself.
Hot Yoga Ahwatukee gave our yoga practice an added change to motivate ourselves.

I recently relocated back to AZ from the Washington D.C. area.
It was there that I got into Bikram yoga -- love the heat!
Well, this hot yoga gives you the detoxifying heat that you love from Bikram with power moves like planks and push ups .
What a fabulous work out.
The instructors are excellent and each class is different and challenging.
I'm so glad I found this studio.

Excellent  studio with great instructors.
If you are looking for HOT Yoga I highly recommend this place.
The instructors are all talented in different ways, but so far Gabe has been my favorite, he has a wonderful selection of music and I prefer his flow movements.
When I am there I can literally feel the toxins sweating out of my body and the heat helps me come in to deeper asanas.
If you have never done HOT yoga before, be warned.
The class is 90 minutes and you need to come in well hydrated (drink a  gallon of water throughout the day before class).
The temperature is over 100 degrees so you will sweat the minute you step in the room.
The cleansing benefits are worth it and this studio does it justice!

Wonderful studio.
The instructors are awesome and i appreciate their demonstrations and workshop tips.
They are really great at accomodating all skill levels (even advanced) as well as continuously keeping a consistent flow.
I highly recommend hot yoga ahwatukee!
My only complaint is that the owner could be a little friendlier.

I haven't cried since my very first yoga class.
I did today.
They weren't tears of pain or frustration (though I did feel like puking a few times) - just pure gratitude and release.
I find it very difficult to find a yoga studio with this kind of spiritual energy.
While I'm pretty bummed that when I finally did, it is 2,500 miles from my home, today's class was exactly what I needed and I learned a lot from it!
I consistently practice warm vinyasa, which is around 85 degrees.
The 15 degree increase and added humidity is pretty remarkable.
Also, this was a true 90 minute class.
There is shavasana near the end, during which there are still hip/heart-opening sequences and twists, with rest and meditation in between.
Ultimately, at the end of the full 90 minutes, you are in final shavasana for as long as you wish.
I found this method to be challenging, empowering and exhilarating.
Remember, your body is capable of a lot more than you know.
This class will help you realize how much!
The instructor, Chris, certainly had a lot to do with the experience - it was her guidance, personality and energy that allowed me to let go of everything and cry at the end.
At the beginning of class, she found me (knowing I was new), and when she heard I was visiting from out of town, she welcomed me to the entire class by name, and thanked me again for coming at the very end.
This made me smile - a lot.
The studio itself is very zen and welcoming also...large and open with soft lighting, beautiful wood floors and ceiling fans keeping the warm air circulating (even with about 20 people, I didn't smell any stank!).
Other notable items: The locker room is beautiful and clean (I have actually never been to a yoga studio with a locker room!
) - they have cubbies to keep your belongings in during class, and showers for after.
The reception/retail section is fantastic, including a nice yogitoes skidless towel selection (absolutely VITAL in this type of class), mats and stainless steel bottles (do yourself and the environment a favor and grab one of these!).
There is a gorgeous tiled wall with a sink that puts out filtered water for students (please, please drink plenty of water before and after class...really - they also sell coconut H2O).
The first thing my eyes went to was a sticker that said "What Would Buddha Do?
" - I kinda loved that.
Om.

My last experience at this place has been polluting my soul since it happened.
So, I've decided to "put it out there" and release this burden.
My daughter Maria had been talking about hot yoga and we saw the huge, positive change it made in her, in just a few weeks that she'd attended.
She lived in Tempe and attended a yoga studio in Tempe - not sure which one, but she'd told us she'd gotten a promo package through Groupon.
This got me very interested and I was delighted to learn of Hot Yoga Ahwatukee and their 2-week New Student Special.
I committed fully and scheduled to attend almost every day of the two weeks.
Their online scheduling system is a super-useful tool.
You get to learn about the different types of sessions, the instructors, and you reserve your spot.
I was grateful for every session I attended - I thoroughly enjoyed every class and would recommend any of the instructors I experienced: Laura Czarzasty, Gabe Gavin, Sara Gordon, and Karen Santini - each with a different style, but all gifted yoga instructors.
Normally, I'd ease into a physical program like this, but I'd read about "The Challenge" they were running... which is 8 weeks, so I committed to doing it for the 2 weeks of intro package.
My last day would be Tuesday, July 31.
I was so enthusiastic about my experiences, I was checking into Foursquare, to do my share to promote the place.
On Sunday, July 29, I come out of class feeling great and made a quick stop two doors away at Trader Joe's.
I get back to my car and saw that someone with an unknown number to me had been trying to get a hold of me since I was in the yoga class.
It's The Call No Parent Should Ever Get.
My Little One, who was riding cross-country with a best friend who was moving back to Illinois, had been in a tragic accident somewhere in Oklahoma... and might not make it.
Long story short, my husband and I flew out to be at her side; her sister flew in from Chicago, and we bid Maria farewell the following day.
These two weeks have been the most difficult and challenging time of my entire life.
And, yet, our spirits have been lifted by the kindness and compassion of every single person that has crossed our paths from the moment this nightmare began... until I set foot again in this yoga studio.
A knot forms in my throat as I recall this experience.
Back in Ahwatukee, as we are finalizing preparations to bury our daughter the following day, we decided to stop in to our familiar stomping grounds, at Trader Joe's - a happy, friendly place we enjoy shopping for wholesome foods.
When I noticed Hot Yoga a few doors down, I mentioned to my husband that I would like to stop in to see if I might appeal to management, to see if they might consider replacing the two sessions I had booked on their online schedule but had missed due to... well, the above circumstances.
Two hot yoga sessions would have been sooo soothing and renewing for my soul.
Plus, having my husband with me at the time, I figured it would be a good opportunity to sign up for the next unlimited package.
We walked in to see an older blonde woman on "this" side of the reception desk.
I took her to be a student, so I started telling my tale to the young woman behind the counter.
She seemed a bit sympathetic and asked when this had happened.
I noticed my husband having a conversation with the woman and heard him telling me something about her being the owner.
(I now recognize her from this article with her photo and, yes, this is she [cringe!
]: http://bit.ly/RBKB4N ) So, I directed my request to the owner, naïvely believing that of all places, I would surely be met with generosity in this place.
Her response fell on me like a ton of bricks.
She told me, and actually repeated, that the offer was for a two-week period and I had attended a total of NINE classes -implying that I'd gotten my money's worth-- and that she was not going to replace the two scheduled classes... since I didn't pay for the classes, I'd paid for the two-week time period, which had already expired.
This response, and from the owner no less, was the last thing I ever expected.
So much for Namaste and all that feel-good B.S.!
I feel sorry for the instructors and anyone who works here.
Must be tough working for such a cold-hearted, so-and-so.
On our way out, I mentioned I would be sharing this experience with my extensive network of friends.
She didn't seem to care.
I read this and seems so inconsequential.
Why am I making such a big deal about this?
Because it hurts and because it's coming from a place where I expected some degree of compassion.
I thought it best to not dwell on this bad experience and just let it go, but it's been hanging over me.
I have more important people and things where I should be focusing my energy; so, again, I'm putting this out there and releasing it.

After I wrote about my bitter experience after the death of my daughter almost two months ago, I was hoping for but only half-expecting a response.
Didn't get one, or so I thought.
Just found this gem in my junkmail folder.
This message sounds like a forced apology to me, not heartfelt or sincere -- all about her, not one word of concern for a client who is hurting badly.
How sad.
Hello Betina,  I just wanted to send my sincere apologies for our exchange last week.
I have felt very bad about it ever since.
I understand that you will probably not ever return to Hot Yoga Ahwatukee but I at least wanted to say I am sorry.
Sandra  (That's the owner.

I recently began going to Hot Yoga Ahwatukee as it is close to work and convenient for after work classes.
I like the facility, it is very spacious, clean, nicely decorated, and welcoming.
This place is like the Tardis (for you whovians), it is way bigger on the inside.
The classes vary depending on the instructor.
I like to go to the 4 o clock class, which is a one hour class, but have also attended the 5:15 class which is 75 minutes long.
I will say, this is a less intense yoga practice, sort of between bikram and sumits, it is slower and less intense than sumits, but not so slow and somewhat boring like Bikram is.... it truly is a happy medium.
The room isn't as humid or hot as others I have been to in town (leaving here, I look like a slightly sweaty person, not a person who just jumped in a pool), and the classes have been busy, but not so busy that I have to be on top of the people next to me (which is great!).
I would suggest this location for anyone looking for a nice middle of the road difficulty yoga class that will give you a nice, yet relaxing, workout and leave you feeling good after.
As long as I work in the area, I will continue to attend this studio.

