You can't miss this place, its like Smurf on Broughton Street.
I'm going to avoid the controversial subject of they sell Horse meat here.
This is not the only establishment in the world, or Scotland for that fact that serves it.
I don't want to eat it, but nobody is forcing me too.
There obviously must be a market for it because it's on the menu, so each to there own.
So I'll stick to the restaurant as a whole.
My dish came out very quick and the staff were nice.
A little expensive but they use authentic French ingredients which I was told you can purchase afterwords

L'escargot Bleu was voted the best newcomer of the year in 2009 due to the quality of its service and the range of the ingredients used in the food.
It's contemporary French cuisine made from locally sourced Scottish ingredients.
They also sell horse meat.
Now, plenty of people think it's some kind of heinous crime to eat horse meat because they 'like horses'.
So what if they like horses?
Does that mean they'd happily eat a chicken, pig or cow because they don't like them?
Of course not, they just don't fancy the idea of eating a half-domesticated animal.
Man up!
Everything on the menu is pretty expensive (especially the horsemeat), but I had the coq au vin which was chicken in a rich red wine sauce.
It was delicious, but cost about £13.
I would certainly come here again as it offers an interesting menu and great service, although the prices do match this quality.

The theme here is 'French twist with the best of Scottish'.
From the decor its hard to see where the Scottish influence is.
It sent me back to summer holidays in France and the restaurants we'd eat in there.
All the staff are French so you can hear them all speaking French to one another so its easy t forget you are in Scotland!
The food here certainly isn't on the cheap end of the scale but the ingredients are of the highest quality and you can tell by the taste.
My soup was delicious, and this was followed by cassoulet which once again took me right back to my summer holidays when we ate cassoulet at least 5 times a week!!
Great experience and a good escape to a French bistro in the heart of the French countryside (you'll have to squint a little for the French countryside bit!!

L'escargot Blue, the sister restaurant to Queensferry Street's L'escargot Blanc, is the most recent winner of the List's Newcomer of the year award.
You can see why: not only is it beautifully decorated with huge antiquated posters advertising liqueur alongside simple furnishings and typically French chequer tablecloths, but the food is packed full of flavour, and expertly cooked.
I went for lunch, and had three courses for £20.
You could spend a lot less by only having a main, as they are very reasonably priced at £7.50 each.
Beware of the evening, though, as that price rockets up.
They do normally have farmhouse apple juice, but had run out when I visited so I opted for freshly squeezed orange juice.
Many restaurants are lazy when it comes to stocking fruit juices, so I was impressed by their attention to detail.
Freshly squeezed orange juice is hard to beat when it comes to full-on flavour, and this was a good one.
The waiter was friendly, very attentive and sharp.
And the service was very prompt.
The was fairly basic but tasted good.
I ordered a side dish of provencale aubergines to , and they were lovely: buttery and very soft.
For pudding I had a tart tatin, which was incredibly boozy.
In case you are wondering, there is nothing wrong with that at all.
It was approximately 95 percent apple and 5 percent pastry, so there wasn't a great deal to soak up the powerful kick of the apple.
Luckily I'm not the greatest fan of pastry and would much rather have a more apple than pastry.
For some reason, it was served with strawberry ice cream, which kinda threw me.
Strawberry and apple don't get along too well, that's why.
Still, there's no way that pudding could be called bland.
I couldn't fault much about the lunch.
The starter could have been a bit more exciting and the pudding could have done with a different ice cream, but considering the value, and the quality of the cooking, these are small gripes.
This place really feels like the real deal.
There's even an epicerie downstairs selling amazing french produce including cheese, meats, wine, coffee, buscuits and bread.
As a lady near me eloquently pointed out, "it is quite French".

Excellent food; fresh and delicious.
Service was great.
Can't wait to go back!

We had a very bad experience with the soup that was served, during our visit, which was very poor indeed.
That was a real shame, as most of the other aspects of the place were very good, although the service isn't set up for a quick business lunch, which was what we were after on our visit.
Overall, we said: "Go sample the place for yourself, as it's stylish and has good principles at its heart.
Just steer well clear of the soup.

After a hard days work and a little tipple it's always best to grab a bite to eat, on payday you get to upgrade the kebab to something a little more extravagant.
On this occasion I was heading down Broughton Street so decided to give L'escargot Blue a shot.
I had heard some very good things and thought why should I not give them the chance to impress me??
A roller coaster of an evening was what I discovered ahead of me.
As it's not the biggest I was very fortunate to get a table without a booking.
The initial service was very good, they seemed to be a bit rushed off their feet but still attended to us in a quick and polite manner.
a good start.
A double serving of their pistachio pate amuse-bouche didn't upset me too much either ;-)  It then went down hill.
As a starter I ordered the steak tartare and after the show that was the preparation of the dish - they bring out all the ingredients and make it all in front of you - unfortunately I think it would probably be better if the chef had a bit more input into the food then customer.
It certainly wasn't the best I'd tried.
The next part of the meal however was an extreme high.
The main I ordered was a Chicken and Ham pie served with a few bits of carrot.
Nothing special there you say, and you would be right.
A very tasty and enjoyable pie it was, a rich creamy sauce smothering large chunks of perfectly cooked Chicken and succulent Ham.
The thing which drew me to this particular meal was the inclusion of Rose Veal Sweetbreads.
This was my first experience of the ingredient that seems to be a firm favourite of chef's everywhere.
If they all tasted as great as they did on this night then I want them to be included in more dishes.
An absolute highlight to any meal I've had.
Next came the vertical drop.
I had been preparing myself for a hefty dent to appear in my bank balance but the innocent looking piece of paper placed in front of me held a secret that would make (insert name of current banker/politician in the news over being greedy here) blush.
For the overall service and quality I would say this place would be good value if it shaved 15% off it's bill.
We were there slightly after the £7.50 menu finished and I think their policy is to make everyone else pay for the rest of the earlier bills!
I would never tell anyone not to go here in fact the opposite go and try it, but save up first.

I enjoyed one of the best meals I've ever had last night at L'escargot Bleu.
The scallops with mussels were perfection.
The special of the evening - chicken with bacon pieces and little dumplings in a great gravy was amazing.
My wife had ribeye steak which was too good for words.
I think you get the picture by now.
The setting, service, ambience etc all made for a fantastic night.
I really couldn't fault one thing and now rate this as my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh.
Highly recommended.

I am I have to say a little bit in love with this place, lots of interesting points made below but I have to say i have eaten here now three times and I think its superb.
A real taste of France in our little city.
On my most recent visit Steph and I had a superb 3 course meal with some of the houses very own table wine.
For starters I had the filo Camembert with beetroot salad.
These are flavors which I can confirm go well together, really delicious, the quality of the cheese really made the dish with the flavor coming through strongly.
For mains I went for the rack of lamb, lamb is something I think I do very well at home so for me to be happy this was going to have to be very very good!
It was a risk but sa it turned out one well worth taking.
Pink lamb, rich sauce with nice sides.......happy JD!!!
I didn't need a desert.......bum lets be honest I had one :) crepes in a chocolate sauce and vanilla ice cream... simple ...tasty...
opulent.....delicious!!!!
Very Happy Jd!!

