There are about 3 of these skater-style fashion stores within about 50 yards of each other, suggesting that there's more "awesome dudes" round here than I first thought.
Back when I was about 18 or 19, I would have creamed myself over a store like this.
Bold, brightly coloured t-shirts with logos and prints, most of it which you'd struggle to find anywhere else.
Nowadays though, I'm a little bit more conservative in my tastes and very wary about ending up looking like the guy behind the counter, who was at least half a decade too old to have on a sideways baseball cap.
Still quite  cool shop though, even if I would look a bit of a twat intheir wares nowadays.

Who would I expect to come in here to buy the bright, bold and 'statement making' clothes?
I'll tell you who - skater boi's (yes, Boi's) who have far to much money and need to perfect that grungy unperfected look.
I would seriously doubt they had been anywhere near a skateboard in quite some time.
The shops tiny - think me, you and the shop keeper.
And then some clothes, but only just.
It's aimed completely at boys who, so sorry girls - but I do look in here sometimes and think 'Yeah, I would fancy wearing that'.
Trouble is, its quite expensive and frankly i dont think this type of clothing is 'me'.

2 words come to mind.
Mall Grab.
Mecca for fake skaters.
The choice is really nice actually, but nobody in their right mind would ride in a t-shirt that cost more than the board.
You'll find the rarer stuff in here, things that you won't be able to get in Boardwise.
Like the other reviewers said, the guy was nice but shop is irrelevant to its target audience.

State of Mind is a polished, well groomed skater shop - it's more like a skater boutique.
The clothing is nice in here if you're into that sort of thing.
Like Lynsey said, there are loads of Crookes and Castles t shirts with bold designs on them that look quite eye catching.
I am also quite fond of a jumper in here that had a big, bugged out eyeball on the front, but I'm not down enough with the kids to tell you what brand it was that made it.
They had a pretty sweet sale section, with clothing down to under £20, and it was a bit fuller than when Lynsey had a rummage (although it is still laid out de-cluttered like a designer store).
It makes it easier to look through the rales but it can appear a bit barren.
A clothing store for guys exclusively, I can see this being popular with some of the younger dudes staying in Edinburgh.
It's a lovely, well kept boutique with nice staff and high quality clothing but it's geared directly at a specific audience (fashion conscious skaters with some cash to burn) so if you're outwith that demographic or looking for practical skatewear I'd try Focus.

State Of Mind is a rather "cool dude" hip hop styled shop with tees, baggy tops and jeans, trainers, belt and various other accessories.
It's very American represents a rather niche market as apart from some of the t-shirts, I don't know many guys who fit the bill for the hot and happening clothes stocked here.
It's well stocked, well organised and as far as prices go, rather reasonable.
It's nestled in amongst other independent shops on St Mary's St. and I guess, caters for it's target audience very well.
There aren't any other shops like this in Edinburgh so if this is your thing, then you'll be in your element in State Of Mind.

