Although I'm not a regular patron of wine merchants, and only drink the vino on special occasions.
The sheer array and quality of wine on offer here was enough to make me consider drinking more of the stuff.
The wood laden interior and detailed, hand written information accompanying each wine selection added to the professional and enthusiastic feel of the shop.
Plenty of deals and invitations to wine tasting evenings equate to a top notch place to buy wine.
I picked up an owner recommended Montepeluciano (an Italian red wine) for my wine loving Mum and landed myself an abundance of brownie points, top stuff.

This place is really sweet I really like the guy who works there who is chatty and helpful especially because my knowledge of whisky is limited.
He also will let you sample a lot of different whiskies and explain the subtle differences without being patronising.
The set up is really nice, with wooden floors and the wines and whiskies all labelled clearly.
It makes such a big difference when the people running a place are also passionate about what they are doing, something which is evident in Woodwinters.

Great for a browse, perfect for an evening beer, whisky or wine.
Advice aplenty.
PRICE: Though the top end products are obviously very expensive, the shop's range is priced very competitively.
QUALITY: Service is very good.
Staff are friendly and have huge amounts of good advice to offer, catering for all budgets and tastes.
CHOICE: The choice here is excellent.
There is a huge, clearly labelled and explained choice of wine and whisky, and the shop also stocks a wide range of real ales and beers.
If you are the sort of person who desires the taste of a good wine or beer that has been sourced on its merits rather than on its bulk price then you have found the right place.
WoodWinters is a terrific little shop with a great feel to it.
Finished in wood and lit gently, you get a feel that you are somehow connected to the procurement process, that as you purchase the wine you will be completing a deal that has been years in the making.
The selection is excellent too.
Notes have been made on each wine and when you ask for a bit of further information it is given.
Everyone here knows there stuff.
A big pile of beer crates on the shop floor add to the delight, as these are some of the best you will drink, including some of the more obscure brews, such as Canadian Cask Innis & Gunn, and some of the more citrusy local beers.
When asked, the staff know the flavours of each beer, where it has come from and what it would best go with.
Of course, the same advice is given for the wines, and though I did not find out myself (whisky is a taste that I have yet to acquire), I am sure that a similar level of expertise is applied here.
Prices are good: the beer range is all priced at a competitive level, and some of the wines were in the £4 - £8 range, with quality beating the supermarket equivalents easily.
If you dip into the greater than £10 range then you will find some exquisite specimens.
Overall a top class place.
My hope is that a shop like this gets the custom it deserves.

If only more off licenses were like WoodWinters....  An independent business run by passionate wine and whisky lovers, WoodWinters is beautifully laid out with crates of wine and liquor on polished wooden floorboards.
There's a staggering array of fine red, white and rose wines and a small but impressive selection of whisky.
Run by knowledgable Scots, there's mini and full size bottles from a variety of national distilleries like Ardbeg, Bowmore, Benrinne, Linlithgow, Dailuaine and Port Ellen.
Whilst you can get a good bottle for around £30-£40, they also sell some spectacular 25 and 30 year old whiskies from Rosebank, Tomatin and Glenfarclas.
Samples are available but be prepared, you'll have to splash out £150 - £330 if you want to take a bottle home.

Came in for a tasting.
£5 to taste 6 summer wines, with pizza and water to wash it all down.
Left with 3 bottles of wine and 2 bottles of heather ale.
This marketing scheme, it's working!
Actually, what really works here is the passion and friendliness of the owners, who will chat with you about the wines, the weather and everything in between, who clearly care enough about their wares to learn all about them and to recommend you a wine that might be entirely different from everything you're tasting.
The selection is great, from lower-priced wines that don't taste like low-priced wines to the top-shelf stuff.
There's also whisky, brandy and port, some ales and a few local liquors.
Oh, and they do stamp cards!
I was won over after one tasting.
It's not even remotely in my neighborhood, but you bet I'll be back for my future wine purchases (working up to that free bottle)!

Have to agree fully with all the 5* points made here already.
They also do a great £5.50 Sicilian Red and White which is in keeping with my current financial situation!
Exactly the sort of independent local shop that we should treasure - Newington Road could do with a few more of these!

I was tempted to just say this shop is excellenet and you should just go thats it leaving my review there, but i will elaborate....  What we have is a fine selection of whiskys, wines and occasional curve balls in terms of others spirits.
Theres also a small selection of ales, ciders etc.
The wines are fantastic my Dad is a total wine buff and with the help of the staff I can always get him something that raises an eye brow or commands high priase.
They have a great array of wines for the size of the shop and this is my default place to shop now for the wine aficionados I buy presents for.
The Whisky selection is great with a few rarities and special bottles popping up.
I was in here one day looking for a birthday present while suffering from a chesty cough and the owner treated me to a wee nip of whiskey to take the edge of my cough.
I though this was really nice and the whiskey was there own blend if memory serves.
There is a more limited range of other spirits which always throws up a few interesting new options.
We were in the other day and my missus spotted a Rum she had never tried.
Between her and one of my mates they are normally an encyclopedia of Rums they have tried.
Once again Woodwinters you have surprisesd me.
Now the best part about shopping here is the staff.
They are knowledgable and friendly.
Always keen to help but not i that pushy sales way, more imparting knowledge and making sure you are getting what you need.
The shop its is small but well laid out and relaxed.
Often in wine shops I constant feel like I am about to knock something over, but here everything is well laid out.
Overall with a visit if you are passing, but I bet you leave with a bottle of something interesting.

