Rocket Subs & More opened about three weeks ago.
It's hidden away in the Church's Chicken plaza at 35th avenue and Cactus.
The boy and I were on our way to another sub shop today when we drove by this sub place, we made a quick executive decision to go here instead and pulled in.
Walking in, there's the counter to order on your right, seating to the left, and cases of sodas and beverages along the back wall, with shelving for chips, corn nuts, etc.
After some brief decision making, we decided to order a Rocket Dog combo meal (easy on the mustard and ketchup, with onions), and a Country Club sub, toasted.
Combo meals here are awesome, you get chips or fries and a drink from their first case (cans of your everyday soda brands), for a dollar more, you can select a soda or drink from one of the other cases - and that is where the fun begins.
They had TONS of different brands and flavors of sodas to choose from.
I chose a Mason's root beer in a super cute glass bottle, and the boy chose Pepsi (boo - boring choice!).
It took less than 5 minutes for our food to be brought out to us.
The sub?
Amazingly toasted goodness - eat your heart out, Quizno's!
My hot dog and fries were also awesome.
The fries were well seasoned and crunchy, the hot dog made perfectly to order.
:)  The owner swung by our table and asked how everything was (awesome, thanks!
) and he also shared that starting next week they will be serving hamburgers and cheeseburgers.
Overall, the food was awesome, the selection of drinks was great, and we will be back for more.
Last, but certainly not least - the price?
Great!
For two sodas, a huge sub, a hot dog, and a giant side of fries it came to $11.00!
:)   Before leaving we also took some sodas for the road (Captain Eli's Ginger Beer, anyone?

This place rocks and is so affordable.
They have the best sandwiches in town and the Gyro is sooo good.
You can get one of their delicious sandwiches for less than $5.
Unbelievable!!
and all of those soda choices!!!!!!!!
I wish you were closer to my house because I would go there all the time!

I love mom-n-pop type establishments.
I love really good chili dogs, fresh-cut fries, gyros, and other sandwiches.
I love it when the staff smiles and greets you when you enter the establishment.
I love having a wide array of beverages to choose from, many of which are not available in most  food establishments.
And I love it when you get all of these in a place where the prices are extremely affordable.
What more can I say -- I love Rocket Burgers and Subs!
And I love the fact that it is in my neighborhood.

It's hard to not give this a five and I may just end up doing so just to frustrate people that hate seeing perfect scores: Seriously I was skeptical but after what seems like a streak of  3 star reviews I finally have something good to report on the end of the food chain I can speak to:)   Is it the best chili cheese dog I've had?
No.The best  chilli-cheese fries?
No.Most extensive selection of sodas?
Again no but truly this place adds up to more than the sum of its parts.It has nearly the best of all three  in one friendly, clean place that I'm looking forward to returning to.
Their Chili-cheese dog takes Sonic's to school and steals its lunch money.
The texture of  fine ground meat  / amount makes it easy enough to eat and theirs actually has flavor in the chilli, you know  unlike every chain that tries to sell you the same thing.
When added to cheese and the  fries it was really great  though my preference is for fatter fries this was a great portion for the money.
Wife's  bare lettuce and meat burger was tasty with maybe a slightly enthusiastic shake of the seasonings  but to be fair if it was a fully dressed burger I bet it would be hard to tell.
Kid's Cheese burger ,oh yes, very very good and hopefully he appreciates now why we keep him away from that clown.
Really the choice is great, the soda's great,  friendly people that ask, and really seem to care, if you liked the food give this a 4.5   rounded to five.

Solid 4 to 4.5   Burgers are on the thin side not a huge meaty burger, grilled to a little crispy on the edges served with all the fixin on a great bun.
The bun is a deal MAKER.
Chili Dog is a hefty dog slathered in a chili sauce served with cheese and mustard, onions on request.
The chili was a perfect compliment to the dog, it had a little spice to it but not too much.
The dog was good in flavor.
The bun (as we discussed) was not up to par with the rest of the meal.
This is a work in progress for the owners.
They make the normal food a little better by adding homemade touches.
The buns, the sauces, the hand battered ring and the hand cut Fires,   I had Dublin Dr Pepper... yum but it was hard to pick from the large selection of wonderful drinks.
The Price 5 stars  The soda available 5 stars  The owner 5 stars   I am saving the 5th star for the next time...im sure they will get it.

It's a strange phenomenon that happens so very rarely, where something is redone, a song or movie for example, and ends up better than the source material --   *More Real Than The Original*  ...Buffy the Vampire Slayer television show vs. movie    ...Jimi Hendrix vs. Bob Dylan All Along The Watchtower (even Dylan admitted it was Jimi's song now)  There is a restaurant concept sweeping the valley right now, based on a certain small number (between 1 and 3) of people of a certain philosophy (free-wheeling, nature-loving, noodly-music-listening) and their crazy atmosphere establishments full of odd "paraphernalia".
Well, think about how one of those places got your hopes up and then  left them dashed, and head on over to Rocket Burgers & Subs for everything you thought you'd get with those other guys:  ~A fresh, clean, uncluttered atmosphere that you can sit comfortably inside of while enjoying your meal.
~A HUGE selection of almost any kind of soft drink you'd desire to quench that thirsty, dry mouth of yours.
~Lots of variety of menu, all with inexpensive good quality items of decent portion ~A radio playing the xmsirius Grateful Dead Channel for your soothing/stimulating dining pleasure.
~and a couple of really nice, friendly, hippy-on-the-inside-not-just-for-show restauranteurs eager to discuss their business and products, who are not only present now, but seem that they'll be sticking around to ensure the quality and value of their new place doesn't wane.
The food is fresh, fast, and inexpensive.
If you want burgers, subs, dogs, pizza-bread, gyro, salad, handmade fries &  onion rings, PBJ with homemade jam  -- they've got it.
The chicken sandwich had a light crispy breading and a solid chunk of breast meat.
The burger was a smaller patty (available as a double) but not dry, and the condiments were fresh and generous.
For both sandwiches, the standout part was the fresh bun from Simply Bread (local).
It was soft/firm enough to be just right, and had great flavor.
They have a cooler chock full of interesting and bizarre selections from Pop The Soda Shop (Jones Soda, imported ginger ales and root beers, glass bottle real sugar sodas from mexico, dublin dr pepper, etc).
My spicy Bleinheim Ginger Ale did not skimp on the ginger flavor!
A couple of real ex hippies would do it like this --  no flashy superficial emphasis on outward appearances and gimmicks, just quality, freshness, and friendliness that is truly genuine and sincere.
I feel like I made a new friend.
Rocket Burgers & Subs is one out of this world place, and I'm glad it landed in my neighborhood.

Their chili burger with cheddar is terrific!
Their onion rings have a light cornmeal batter, so they're more onion-y and crispier than onion rings you'd find at most burger places.
With one of their many kinds of root beer, this meal combo was fantastic.
Love this place!

Ruben on a sub roll toasted with Kraut on this side put my rating to 5 stars!
Damn that was good.
The kids loved the place too.
They want more!

Nice little hidden jewel.
Had the double cheese burger, fresh ingredients loved the pickles and the bun, you cant go wrong with it.
Also had the Chili Dog it was great, i agree with the other reviewer that it kicks Sonic's butt.
Cant wait to try the subs the Roast Beast looks intriguing!

this place is right around the corner from my house.
the guys who run it are nice guys.
the food is great and the bread is local.
i'm glad to see everyone else likes this place as much as i do.
let's hope they stick around.

Yep another update...
I brought the whole family in on Sunday.
We had a Ruben, chicken strips and 2 Rocket Burgers.
Holy Hell   The Rocket Burgers are 3 patties with cheese on a awesome sub roll, with all the fixins.
I have no idea what we thought when we ordered 2 of them.
We could have shared easily.
The girls had the chicken strips YUM and the Ruben (A must try)   The kids love the bottled drinks and who can blame them?
The both liked the meals they had.
The fries were good too.

Found this joint on Yelp and it sounded like a place for me and the boys, so we took the drive to 35th Ave. & Cactus.
Not sure I completely agree with the 5 star average (currently 12 reviews), but this place is a solid munch.
5 Stars is realistic, but I'm giving 4!
Great Value.
This place has prices so low a Canadian-Scotchman would love it.
The hot dogs are fantastic.
The french fries are really good.
But of course the soda selection is the best part.
My kids had a lot of fun choosing which funky soda to drink.
I picked the Lennonaide, which is a Communist soda inspired by Lennon!
Go comrades.
The burger was good, but not fantastic.
Our buns were not fresh.
Next time, I'm going with the hot dog (their huge) or a sub, which looked a little more special.
The staff is super nice and very attentive.
I'm a fan.

Wow!
This place is awesome.
The Mexican hot dog is to die for.
They make their own salsa and it tasted like they make their own bread too.
The fries were fresh.
And my husband and I both ate lunch for less than 8 bucks.
I ate here on a Sunday and walked in at 1030.
I didn't notice that they don't normally open until 11 but the guy was super cool and warned me it would take an extra few minutes, but had no problem serving me.
It was well worth the wait!

I am sooooo excited my neighborhood finally has a place we can go for great food!
My husband and I stopped in to this small establishment, and we were greeted by two smiling faces.
We ordered the reuben for me, and my husband ordered a single cheeseburger.
We both ordered fries.
We also chose 2 sodas from the exciting selection.
My husband and I decided to get our food to go.
As soon as we got into the car, my husband said, "oh my gosh, that smells awesome!
" The food looked excellent.
The thinly cut fries were fresh, made to order, and the reuben was HUGE!!
It tasted as good as it looked.
My husband swears the burger was much better than Lenny's, which is a big compliment from him.
We will definitely return, maybe even this week.
I hope locals frequent this place, so it stays open for a long, long time!!
!YUMMY!

Have I got a place for you un-health conscious, frugal foodies out there!
Rocket Burger and Subs serves up huge sandwiches and fried delights for astonishingly low prices, and much of the food is home-made.
There's also an enormous section of unusual soft drinks; for instance, there's over two dozen brands of root beer to choose from.
Dennis, one of the owners worked for A&W for 8 years, so he probably has root beer running through his veins by now.
I saw Rocket Burger in a listing of new valley eateries, then did a little research.
The reviews I saw were all stellar, so I knew we had to give it a try.
It doesn't look like much, inside or out - it's in a little strip mall tucked behind Churches Chicken at 35th Ave. and Cactus.
But it's clean, and everybody is helpful and pleasant.
Ken gave a happy whoop when he saw Cheese Curds ($2.49/$4.49) on the menu.
We decided to get an order while waiting for our friends Randy and Marty to join us.
The curds came quickly out of the kitchen, piping hot, served with some tasty homemade marinara.
They were a touch greasy, as they should be, and the oil was fresh.
Marty and Randy arrived in time to save us from ourselves by helping to finish off the curds.
Then we took a while trying to make our selections from the extensive menu.
Eventually Randy and I both went for the New Yorker: pastrami with homemade slaw and thousand island dressing ($2.99, $3.99 or $4.99).
Ken had a homemade-meatball  sub, with more of that good marinara and some provolone.
It was the same price structure as our New Yorkers and all the rest of the entries under Classic Subs and Sandwiches.
Marty went with a double burger ($3.89, the singles are $1 less).
He could have opted for a Rocket Burger - !0 inch sub with three burgers and the fixings in either plain, cheese, bacon, teriyaki, or chili style ($4.99 to $5.99).
Of course we had to try the fries and onion rings.
Again our food arrived quickly, served in plastic baskets.
It became very quiet, except for the occasional growl of pleasure.
The onion rings ($1.99) had been dipped in a thin cornmeal batter which made them nice and crunchy.
The handcut fries ($1.49) were skinny, the way I like them.
Randy thought they were undersalted, but I thought they were fine - our usual disagreement.
At any rate, they disappeared quickly.
Unlike the sandwiches.
They were so big that we all ended up taking half of each sub home.
The slaw on the New Yorkers was delicious, as was my whole wheat sub roll.
The meat balls were nice and tender, and there was plenty of cheese on top.
Randy had found a bottle of ginger beer imported from Australia that had a wonderfully refreshing true ginger taste.
There seemed to be actual pieces of ginger in it - instructions on the label said to invert the bottle before opening.
It never did tell you to turn it right side up again - the Aussies give us more credit than we deserve.
Other food items available: Hebrew National hot dogs in several styles ($2.49), Pizza   Bread with various toppings, Gyros ($3.69), salads ($1.99 - $3.99), a fish sandwich ($2.49) served with homemade tartar sauce.
And lots more.
I don't know how Dennis and Steve manage to turn out food of this quality for so little money, but I surely do hope they continue and prosper!

We were in the area so we stopped in for lunch on Saturday.
I had a regular cheeseburger and the BF had a regular chili cheeseburger.
We shared a side of chili cheese fries and onion rings.
That and two can sodas came out to about $14.
Sweet deal!
Food was good.
The burger buns were good... (I think they make their own?
), the meat was nicely cooked and it was tasty.
The burgers come with shredded lettuce... normally I'm not a fan, but in this burger I didn't mind so much.
The onion rings were coated with cornmeal and was nice and crispy.
Not overcooked or undercooked, they were just right.
The chili cheese fries was huge.
That could be a meal on it's own and then some.
Also, I liked the fact that they had gingerale =)  So, basically... it's a place to consider if you're in the area but I wouldn't make any special trips from Chandler for it.
But I might just find excuses to go out this way just so I can eat here again ;) Oh and the people there were super nice and friendly!

We had to take our bulldog to the vet last night & Rocket Burger & Subs was sort of on the way home, so I thought this was a good time for us to try this place out.
I called ahead to place a to go order since we had our pup with us.
Since this was our 1st visit, I went a little overboard & ordered the following for my hubby & I: large Country Club sub (no mayo-add mustard), large Greek salad, 8 piece mini corn dogs, onion rings, pizza bread with pepperoni & of course we had to get some of their tasty bottled beverages (2 root beers-1 with vanilla added, the blue Jones soda & Dublin Dr. Pepper)!
The food was seriously amazing & such great prices, with all that food & 4 bottled sodas our total was less than $25.
The guys that worked there, & who I believe are the owners, were so friendly & helpful.
We can't wait to come back again & again to try all the other yummy goodies!

So excited for a new restaurant/eatery opening in the neighborhood.
Coming from CenPho where restaurants seem to be popping up like mushrooms, new stuff around here makes me all giddy.
The Rob and I decided to check it out to see if we could have a new favorite, cheap dinner place.
There are definitely still some kinks to be worked out, but overall we were both pretty happy.
Me gusta:  + Huge drink selection (Including sodas without high fructose corn syrup!
Corn sugar is our new enemy but we love soda!
)  + Cheap!
+ Cute (and smart) concept naming after the neighboring high school mascot.
Especially good that said mascot is not a living creature.
+ Tasty burger!
+ A ton of fries!
+ Expansive menu!
+ Did I mention cheap?
Both of our burger combo meals totaled around $10.
Eh:  - My single burger was fine but R's Teriyaki Burger and fries were a bit greasy.
Fine for high school kids, but those of us who are now cursed with adult metabolisms need things a little lighter.
- Highlight the ability to upgrade to one of them fancy sodas.
I generally dislike the upsell, but maybe bring this to our attention somewhere on the menu (I didn't see it as an optional add-on).
- Still kind of sparse inside.
I'm all for jazzing up that menu board and the counter area.
Otherwise I have to look out the window at the gross Church's Fried Chicken and I swear I saw some sort of illicit hand-off occur behind that place while I was at the Rocket.
- All but one person working seemed a little hesitant to speak to us.
Maybe it's just us, but we don't bite, I promise.
Dude in the Jerry Bear shirt (see earlier review's hippie reference) saved the day by a super friendly goodbye.
Some of that is just me being picky.
But I'll totally be back for more tasty, cheap food.
And I'll be bringing my family when I can get them to venture to this side of the 17.

This place is surely a blast from the past.
With the prices it's definitely a restaurant fit for the high school students located just a short walk down the street.
I wish there was a place like this near my high school back in my days.
Rocket Burger isn't just for the kids though.
If you're looking for some tastey food and don't want to pay much this a place worth stepping foot into.
The choice in beverages offered is also another reason alone to come here.
You name it, just about every non-alcoholic drink is in their wall of drinks.
If in the area I'd recommend stopping by.
If not for one of their burgers, subs, hot dogs, gyros, or corn dogs, maybe for a drink to cool off.
I can't wait to come back to the Rocket.

When my fiance and I decided to go to Rocket Burger, I was extremely excited about it...she, being a vegetarian, was not.
We got there, and I'll admit, from the outside looking in, and even once inside the door, I was a little put off.
I wasn't sure I wanted to stay there and eat.
All that changed once we got a good dose of the service (and food)!
She ordered some pizza bread, with pretty much every non-meat topping available, and some cheese fries with no chili.
I ordered a Chicago dog with chili fries (no cheese).
We got a few drinks from their AMAZING soda selection.
She got two of the original Dr. Peppers, and I got a Leninade.
She ended up hating the Dr. Pepper because it used real sugar, and drank my Leninade...a taste of things to come once married I suspect.
The pizza bread, according to her, was delicious.
The fries, superb.
My dog was amazing.
I expected the actual hot dog to be a little bigger, but with all the things you get on the dog, it's a real meal.
I ate that, and some of the fries (which were really really good...though I should have gotten the chili cheese fries instead of just chili) and was stuffed.
The people that work there are very friendly.
They brought the food to us rather than just calling out our names, offered to exchange the unopened Dr. Pepper for something different since she didn't care for it, and had good humor when my fiance made a joke about them not having veggieburgers.
The only thing holding it back from being 5 stars is that the tables needed wiped off.

I nearly cheated on you Rocket.
The siren calls of the uber super deal of the restaurant next door was calling my name.
I resisted the temptation of cheap chicken and ordered the California Club sandwich, fries and a diet Dr. Pepper for $6.54 (it's $2 dollars cheaper if you remember to bring the coupon).
The California Club has generous portions of avocado, and perfectly cooked crispy well done bacon with tomatoes and turkey.
It also comes with lettuce and sprouts if you're into that sort of thing.
I had my sandwich on toasted rye bread.
The fries are served in a separate basket from the sandwich, outstanding, the cook(owner) didn't put any salt on these fries since he remembered I'm not into salt.
And they even serve the fries with ketchup already in one of those ketchup tubs; now that's what I call service.
Oh, the California Club was outstanding as usual.
I have had the burgers before, and all I can say is they rock as well.
I'm not a big fan of the onion rings, but others seem to enjoy them.
This place delivers affordable food that will keep you returning for more, and with the spirit of the political ad season, I APPROVE THIS MESSAGE.

Went to lunch with my son and his wife.
There is a place near him called Rocket Burger.
Very unique place.
They have a pretty good menu.
I had the Bacon burger.
My wife had had a veggie pizza bread, an open sandwich with cheese and vegetables grilled on top.
My son had a burger with a deep fried pineapple ring.
His wife I think had a burger.
We got two orders of fries.
What I had was very good.
Everyone seemed to like what they got.
The portions are large.
Meaning you get good value for your dollar.
There is plenty of fires in two orders to feed 4 people.
They have a pretty large and assorted menu.
I will go back to try something different next time.
What makes them unique is they have a cooler with at least 200 different drinks.
Everyone should be able to find something they like.
The other was the adequate portions of food for a low price.
Others could learn something from this.
The people are very friendly and anxious to make you happy.
I will definitely go back to visit.
I would give them 4.5 stars but there is no way of doing that.
Go See Them You Will Enjoy Your Visit.

This past Tuesday night I did not feel like making dinner at all so I suggested Rocket Burger & Subs & my hubby gladly agreed.
I placed a to go order & they said it would be ready in 10 mins.
My hubby loved the country club sub so much he ordered it again, but this time he added pepperoncinis.
I switched it up & ordered a cheeseburger w/lettuce & pickle & decided to give their thousand island spread a try.
We love their onion rings but I wanted to try their fries this time & also got a small order of cheese curds.
As if I didn't order enough, I got the pb&j too.
Sub was awesome, burger was very good but next time I will just get mustard, fries were yummy but onion rings are better, cheese curds were bomb & the pb&j was ok, the homemade jam was too chunky for our liking.
Oh & of course we got some bottled drinks, 2 root beers & 2 orange sodas-we shared & they were all so good!
I want to try a hot dog next.
After that, I think I will have sampled almost the entire menu, haha what a fatty!

I have to tell you that I was very skeptical that this place actually received 26 great reviews for being open only a few months (and not one single bad or even average review).
Since I work around the corner and this area of town is lacking in good food, I had to go there.
They even open at 10am which is great for me since I am at the office at 5:30am and that is my lunch time.
I get to strip mall next to the payday loan place and walk inside, I detected a small odor that reminded me of a Filbertos but it seemed to go away or maybe I just got used to it.
Anyway, I quickly notice the sodas along the wall and get excited of the fact that I actually get to finally taste a Dublin Dr Pepper!
Yep, this place has every old school authentic soda you cant find anywhere or aren't willing to pay for shipping to your home.
I went to the counter and was quickly helped by one of the owners who recommended the New Yorker....I thought to myself  "I only get this sandwich at Miracle Mile"  but OK, I want the full experience and if that is the popular sandwich than that's what I want.
Can you say HOLY S#$T it was GREAT, so flavorful and fresh tasting.
I ordered it on a toasted sub and not only was it much easier to eat than the New Yorker at the Mile but it was actually more tasty.
This place has figured it out, and my whole meal was about $7 and that was only because my Dublin Dr Pepper was $1.89 since finding one is like finding a "beheading in AZ", I would expect to pay a little extra for that.
I will most definitely come back to try more of the menu and keep you posted.
As an added note the other owner came up to me and gave me a free canned Dr Pepper just so I could try it next to the Dublin, these are cool guys.
Thanks guys!

This place is awesome and I haven't even had the chance to go inside.
My husband has picked up food and yummy sodas from here twice.
He said the service was awesome and the owners are super nice.
The food is yummy!!!!
Best pastrami in town!
My boys love the rocket sauce.
The cheese curds and onion rings are the best!
Best Deal in town.

How can I be craving a Rocket Burger Reuben and I have only had 3 in my life?
That is how delish this place is!
Went there for carryout today.
The owners are super nice, as usual.
When I got home, mu food was piping hot and YUMMY!
I hope everyone in the Northern Phx area begins frequenting this semi hidden gem.
The food is excellent and affordable and the service is the best!

Came here again yesterday to enjoy another great meal, I maybe pushing it with the 5 stars but the food once again was awesome, this time I ordered the Italian sub and I don't know how they do it but it was very flavorful.
I will have to get a burger next time.
Wonder when they will be open for breakfast.
Thanks again guys for the great food nearby.

Went to Rocket Burget with my brother based on reviews I'd read here.
The place was fairly large and had lots of tables, but despite it not being very busy; most of the tables weren't clean and the store had a strange smell (or 'funk') lingering near the entrance.
My burger was made the way they make all the burgers, which was unfortunate since my order was for only lettuce and onion (and Mayo doesn't just scrape off).
So I wasn't able to eat or try to enjoy my burger.
Based on the way they took our order and the cleanliness of the place, the employees just seemed disinterested so I didn't bother to try and get it fixed.
The soda selection was awesome.
They have everything you can think of.
The downside is it's all cans and bottles with no soda fountain.
I'm the kind of person who enjoys free refills for my drinks.
I did get to enjoy the fries and onion rings; and the onion rings are some of the best I've ever had.
The onion rings alone are going to bring me back to give the burgers (and employees) another shot, but unfortunately with just my first visit to judge off of, it's not something I'm anticipating happening soon.

I have dined twice for their sandwiches, and they are average at best.
Haven't sampled their hot dogs or hamburgers yet, maybe that is their strong point.
However, they have a HUGE selection of bottled pop.
And they have FAYGO, in glass bottles made with cane sugar.
Excellent!
If you haven't had faygo go and try a bottle.

My first visit was last week.
Good food and good prices.
Had the burger and the wife had a sub.
Both were very good.
Good fries and rings as well.
If you order a "combo" you will get a HUGE basket of fries.
Even my family (who loves to eat fries!
) could share one order between two of us.
The interior needs a bit of TLC but these guys are just starting out and they are independent (which you have to love in our chain saturated restaurant).
The location is a bit ghetto but you don't need to pack heat.
You do leave smelling like grease...so bring an extra shirt.
:)  I really liked the huge selection of unique soda.
The kids loved it too.
This was a really cool touch.
The owners are really friendly and nice and you just feel good supporting a local business.
We need more restaurants like Rocket Burgers.
Keep up the good work guys!

Great sandwiches!
Skip the chains and get the REAL stuff here for less!
HUGE selection of bottled sodas.
Do not miss Rocket Burger & Subs!

Stopped in for lunch this past weekend and the place was hoppin'!
It looks more lived in too, with more wall decorations, a bigger TV and the addition of a soda fountain.
The food was delicious, as always.
Keep up the good work!

This place is amazing!
Don't let this rough looking little shopping plaza scare you off because inside the shop is some of the tastiest food in this part of town.
The Chili Cheese Fries are a must!
The "Rocket Burger" is a steal, imagine 3 burger patties with cheese and all the fixin's on a sub roll for 6 bucks (makes the $6 burger at Carl's Jr. look like child's play).
If you want something spicy ask for the "Thunder Bird", a buffalo chicken sub with bacon, ranch or blue cheese, and the optional fresh jalapeños.
And if all of that is not enough to make you want to go these guys stock an insane amount of rare sodas that you will not find just any where.
I think they had about 12 kinds of root beer!
This is defiantly not fine dining so please excuse the rough decor, this is straight up man fuel.

Decided to drive a bit out of the my way to try Rocket Burger & Subs based on the "Yelper" reviews!!
This place is too clean for a "Greasy or a Dive" title, but there food reminds me of some of the BEST greasy/dives out there!
They have a wide variety of food choices and there menu doesn't tell the whole story, so you may need to ask some questions.
When I looked through their burgers I noticed the "Eddie Lopez".
To my surprise there is a better burger topping than bacon...
Hot Pastrami!!!
It was a mouth watering double burger that came with Hot Pastrami stacked on top of the two patties covered in melty-cheesy goodness, toppings and their thousand island dressing.
It was FANTASTIC!!
We also had the "sub of the day" ~ the Big Dipper.
The roast beef was delicious and it had just the right amount of cheese.
Their au jus dipping sauce was not good, but the sandwich was superb.
Their Au jus did not have a beefy taste, it was too thin, too hot and did not set well on the pallet with this sandwich.
Their fries are fresh but a bit too greasy for our taste.
Will try to get them well done on our next visit or try their onion rings.
Their cheese curds were very good!
They do have one of the largest selections of soda, pop in a bottle.
It's fun to try a soda you've never heard about before like an imported micro brew root beer or cream soda!
(Both were very good BTW)  Rocket Burger & Subs, even though it will be extremely hard for me to consider ordering something other than the Eddie Lopez burger, I'm looking forward to my next visit, trying something else and plan to bring some friends with me.
If you have not tried RB&S, they are a solid place to "Book Mark"!
Yelpers, what is your favorite Rocket Burger or Sub?

So I arrived at Rocket at noon totally in the mood for a greasy spoon type lunch and this place hit the mark.
I've passed by a number of times with the promise of the Latina Meat Market which never opened or closed before I had the chance to go in.
Anyhoo, I ordered a double cheeseburger with fries and a can of Diet Coke.
It took a little bit even though I was one of four patrons in the restaurant, but I'll accept that in that it means they cook your meal to order.
Good thin patty burger and thin natural cut fries, though the bun was a bit large.
I'm not a big exotic soda pop fan, but as previously noted if you are they've got probably 6-8 big coolers worth of everything from cream soda to energy drinks to regional colas.
The only issue I had with this place hit about 12:15 when a swarm of teenagers descended upon the restaurant and all of a sudden it's completely packed and noisy as all hell.
Guess the adjacent Moon Valley High isn't a closed campus...

Try the teriyaki burger!
The fried pineapple sends it over the top.
All those flavors work so well together.
Today I had the New Yorker sandwich on marbled rye.
Oh my!
That is not a good sandwich, that is a great sandwich!
If you have a favorite soda from your home town that you can't find here in town, you will be able to find it here at Rocket Burgers.
I love this place!
It's two guys living out their dream.
They get to know their customers and they cook for you as if you're family.

This place rocks for value!!.
I just had a California Sub and it was FANTASTIC!
extra sweet coleslaw with pastrami stuffed in a fresh yogi roll.
I really reccomend this one.
This place is kinda tucked away behind Churches Chicken but way worth the trip.
They even have exotic sodas in bottles including REAL DR PEPPER.
You should try it sometime.
Best of all they now have Pepsi in the Fountain drink.
A perfect compliment to an awsome sandwich.
If your on a budget and want to get stuffed come here you won't be dissapointed!

One phrase, SLUSH PUPPY!
I've been looking for Slush Puppy in Arizona since I moved here.
Rocket Burger has it!!.
Also they feature an modest selection of eclectic bottled sodas; root beer, sarsaparilla, blue etc.
Friendly & fast service, very casual atmosphere and cheap.
Had a basic burger and a bag of chips (sweet Maui onion)  $3.50.
The burger was well seasoned, bun was toasted, served with a thousand islandy sauce.

After dining here almost every day of his week-long vacation, The Rob has decided that it is not a grease that comes off some of the burgers, (as previously stated) but a sort of au jus sauce, the contents of which is trying to break down with each visit.
Makes me feel a bit better about the massive amounts of beef, fried potatoes and fried cheese he ingested in such a short time.
Oh, and we are super hooked on the fries now too.
Like, craving hooked.
Good for them, not good for me and my estranged relationship with the elliptical machine.
Sigh.

This little place showed up on yelp and the wife and I just decided to give it a shot.
When we entered we were greeted by two very nice men then I noticed the soda pop.
Everything you have ever wanted in a soda pop selection.
Everything from real sugar Pepsi to saranac Shirley temple.
I decided to have the biggest burger I could and what a choice.
I decided the newyork burger was what I craved.
Burger on a fresh bun with tons of thin sliced cole slaw and amazing pastrami.
The hot dog was the best my wife Ashley has had.
Top it all off with chili cheese fries.
No bean chili the way I like it.
Fresh cut fries and it was cheesy heaven.
The best part, 2 full people, 2 great sodas.....$12.
Love it.

A few months ago I set out to find the best burger in town.
I tried The Grind, Wineburger, and a couple of others but none can top Rocket Burger.
It was the best cheeseburger I have ever had, by a mile!
I ordered a double cheeseburger with everything.
The bun was toasty yet soft, the veggies were fresh, the meat was perfect, and the thousand island sauce was the icing on the cake.
I had the fries and the onion rings as well.
Both were just mediocre in my opinion.
The beverage selection was huge and beyond awesome!
If you are looking for a great burger at a great price look no further.
No other burgers  can compare!
I am going to have to work out harder because I plan on going back to eat there very often!
Went back today just to make sure it was going to be as good as the first time.
I honestly could not believe a burger could be this good.
Guess what?
It was just as amazing the second time!!

Amazing!!
The New Yorker is addictive as well as the onion rings.
The selection of soda is a blast.
We'll be back!

First and foremost - DON'T BE SHOCKED BY THE LOCATION OR FIRST IMPRESSIONS!
This place is awesome, has a great selection of drinks (especially root beers), and the value of the sandwiches is over the top!
Don't forget to try the onion rings.
They use their own breading made out of corn meal and spices.
The amount of food you get is a great value.
I travel the nation weekly, and will be visiting here again in the future.

Went in around 11:00 and got the cheeseburger combo with fries and a drink to go.
The fries are thinly cut and were a little greasy - as fries should be - and really tasty.
The burger was smaller than I expected but stuffed with toppings and with both really good quality meat and bread.
The burger came topped with tomato, pickle, onion, and lettuce with a thousand island sauce for no extra charge.
There was also a bit of pepper on it but I couldn't tell if it was added later or part of the sauce - and you could tell the dressing was definitely in-house made.
I really like pepper so I enjoyed it but some might not like it as it was a bit strong.
Ask for it on the side if you're not a fan of pepper but do give it a try.
The meal also came with a medium fountain soda (normal selection of Pepsi products plus Dr. Pepper and fruit sodas) for a little over $4.
Not bad for not being a chain!
They had about 6 coolers STUFFED with unique sodas and normal favourites plus candy and nuts also on offer, much like a convenience store.
I'm a connoisseur of soda so I've tried most of them but they had quite a few I've never even seen.
A bit pricey at $1.85 a pop (no pun intended) but if you want something a little different than the same ol', give 'em a try.
I recommend the Jackson Hole Soda Co. High Mountain Huckleberry soda.
Will definitely be back to try their signature Rocket Burgers - a hoagie roll stuffed with hamburger and toppings - and their fresh onion rings.

This place has obviously latched on to me as I went a second day in a row.
Still kept it simple and got the cheeseburger combo with fries and a fountain drink since I've overspent my budget this week but I don't plan on this being the last time I'm in, so I wasn't bothered about it.
It was a lot busier than yesterday as I was in after noon but my food didn't take any longer to come out.
The cook - I think it's the owner!
- remembered me from yesterday and was super friendly with some banter as he made my burger.
I told him I really liked the dressing with pepper and he said that made him happy.
The cashier was probably a student from the high school right behind it and was a little too shy and impersonal, especially next to the cook/owner, but she did her job so no complaints.
Still have to try the signature burger and onion rings... next week perhaps!

I wish I would have found this place must sooner!!
Rocket Burger & Subs, where have you been?
This place is amazing!
Their food is fresh ~ cooked after it's ordered.
They have several burger and sandwich options to chooses from with different sides.
They have the LARGEST cola in a bottle selection I've ever seen and they have super service!
Food~ Rocket burger was awesome!
burger patties cooked to perfection and trimmed to fit on a sub role.
The role was fresh and my burger came with lots of veggies and dressing.
The fries were awesome ~ cooked fresh like mom makes them.
We also had their onion rings based on the Yelp reviews, YUM!
The cola selection is mind blowing!
I'm going to keep coming back until I've tried each one : -)

Yes, I know, this is my 2nd update so I'll try to make it short & sweet.
I bought a Groupon about a week ago & decided to use it this past Saturday when the hubs & I were trying to think of a place to have lunch.
I got the chili cheese dog this time & it was delicious!
Cheese burger & onion rings were freakin yum as usual & I have to say the fries were better this time around.
We went a lil crazy & got 4 additional sodas, along with the 2 we had during lunch, 2 root beers, 2 cream sodas & 2 orange sodas.
I also have to add, since this was our 1st time dining in, how clean it was!
They had a girl at the register this time & she was super sweet.
We love this place!

I finally got to try their signature sandwich for lunch today: the Rocket Burger -- THREE beef patties, cheese, and fixings, in a sesame hoagie roll.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-ZBfr1BHvArFp1d6XH8jOQ?select=J3GAr5ZsWnk5FjcKAhT9rw  It was awesome!
This place continues to delight me with each visit.

Groupons are great and lead me to fun new places like this.
Went today for lunch- Teriyaki and Cali burgers, plus fries and one of the many bottled sodas they offer (vanilla creme).
The burgers were slightly smaller than at other burger places I've been to, but still more than enough.
Fries are freshly cut and yummy.
Prices are very reasonable and the owners were nice.

Don't miss this place!!!
My wife and I tried this place the other night and Im so glad we did.
The burgers taste amazing and the chili cheese fries are to die for.
The guys who run this place honestly care about their customers and want to make sure you leave absolutely happy.
Prices are great and the food is even better.
LOVE IT!!

I stopped here with my four year old yesterday with a Groupon.
We had lunch here.
I had a gyro with fries; he had a hotdog and fries.
The fries were simply amazing!
Perfectly prepared and delicious.
The gyro was done perfectly - not burnt or dry.
The interior is nothing special - a tv, some chairs and tables.
The people behind the counter are terrific.
If you like soda, this is the place for you.
They even had my home town favorite - FAYGO!
Plenty of great energy drinks.
The prices are reasonable.
Stop by.........

I found this burger joint on yelp, being from out of town yelp is a big help.
We missed this restaurant the first time it's tucked in an unassuming strip mall right next to a church's fried chix.
We almost did not go in it was not impressive looking , but because of all the positive reviews we sucked it up and gave it a try .
I had the double Teri burger ( lett, Tom , onion mayo,and pineapple) usually when I have a teri burger I omit the pineapple, what the heck does pineapple have to do with teriyaki?
I did not omit the pineapple because they dip it in cornmeal and fry it, crazy,but good .
The sauce was a little to thin.
The burger was very good even with the runny sauce.
The fries were made in house and very good , large portion.
The owner or manager?
Very friendly.
We will be back

Can I get a "god damn" for the best New Yorker in town.
I think its the cold slaw that has a sweet flavoring that matches well with everything.
If you haven't tried the New Yorker....get it done already, if you haven't tried Rocket Burger.....then you are neglecting yourself.
It's great food at super great prices!

Best SODA selection ever!!!
Not opinion it's FACT  Solid sides and food, nice atmosphere.

Stopped into this little cafe for lunch today, joined by Jeromy H.  For this first visit, I ordered "The Rueben" [sic], which is available as a small or large sub, or as a sandwich.
I went with the large sub, & we split an order of Rocket Fries.
Both the sandwich & the slim-cut peel-on fries (ordered well done) were good, generously sized, & a good value.
Ah yes, & then there's your choice of TWO HUNDRED FIFTY bottled soft drinks to go with your food!
The staff is friendly too.
:-))  Large Reuben sub $5.99, Rocket Fries $1.79.
Good place here!

Okay so I've said before that I'm a big fan of owner operated businesses, and small local businesses.
This place is one of them.
You walk in the door and to your left are six refrigerator doors chocked full of about 250 different specialty sodas.
All priced at a $1.89 and to your right there are the two owners and two helpers.
One of the owners is at the cash register and handling the customer service and the other is that the sandwich table whipping up delicious hamburgers subs and the like.
Very friendly and helpful!!!!!
While I was there I asked a couple questions of the owners.
One was do they weigh the meat before they load it into the sandwich?
The guy at the sandwich making table shook his head no and said we want to make it good.
Indicating they just cut a lot in there until it looks right.
Needless to say my sandwich was well portioned.
Rand H. and I both got a Large Ruben on Sourdough and split an order of fries.
I really like this place for a lot of reasons, some of which I noted in my review.
While we were eating I saw a few more orders roll by and they were all generous servings that looked delish.

I must apologize to Norm , Daren and Iain for not listening to my favorite  No Pho friends sooner.. Because I made a BIG mistake waiting to go here!!
I will promptly make up for it by going as many times as possible this week!!
I love this place , yup local owned with a sense of mom and pop goodness.
Reminds you of back east...The soda selection is phenomenal and looks great on display as you eat.
The Ruben is my new favorite , rye bread , juicy well seasoned pastrami, sauerkraut and light toasty goodness.
Plus one had the Cheese steak that was really good except he opted for extra heat and I couldn't handle it .. but still great.
Fries are fresh and plentiful ....one basket will serve 2-3 people .
Go here Go here now ....and take a friend , let's not waste another moment.

My wife and I have been living close to this place for a while now.
We've seen it coming home more than a few times.
Tonight we jumped here on Yelp and saw they were rated pretty high and decide this was the place for dinner.
I got the gyro burger combo with French fries and a sarsaparilla and my wife got the Cali Burger and onion rings.
Everything was fantastic.
They have a huge selection of pops that you won't find anywhere else.
Everything we had was great.
The French Fries and the onion rings were some of the best around.
If you are hankering for a good burger joint, this is definitely a good place to go.

A small independent burger joint with unique menu.
It's stuck in the small shopping center behind the fried chicken place, on the corner.
If you didn't know what you where looking for, you would miss it.
You'd best not however, because it's that good!
The menu is a mix of burgers, sandwiches and hot dogs.
You can have fries or onion rings, and then there is your drink selection, that's where you can be sure of having some fun making up you mind.
If you are a fan of nostalgia and love the old and new, you can rest assured that they will have something that will satisfy both.
There is everything from cream soda's to root beer, they even have chocolate soda!
I had the classic bacon cheese burger with onion rings.
The burger was cooked just right with extra crispy pieces of bacon melted cheese, lettuce, tomato and pickles.
The onion rings was coated with corn meal batter and fried to golden brown.
It was a great choice.
The locals seemed to be happy, service was great, and owner seemed genuinely interested in who was eating at his place and how we had discovered it.
Overall, a good burger and well worth coming back for!

This place is awesome.
The food is great and they have just about any soda you could want and the fries are killer.
Im lucky that this place is so close to where I live that I can eat there just about anytime I want.
I still cant decide what burger is better the Teriyaki Burger, Philly Burger, or the New York Burger.
They are all so good.

Awesome tasting burgers and sandwiches, a huge selection of boutique sodas and great service every time.
4-27-11 I have had their Rocket-Burger, California Club (as a sandwich and the large sub) and the New Yorker too.
The burger was taller than my mouth!
I love the fries because they are always hot and not underdone.
Both the subs I tried were huge, chock full of good stuff.
For like $7-$8 and some change in the tip jar you can get a big sub, fries and a drink either regular fountain or pick from 100+ different flavored sodas from out of the 6 coolers they have.
I've been out of town..I need my Rocket Sub Fix.
;-)

Darn good burger n skinny fries!
Too bad and lucky so far for me.
Driving friend to her car n found this place craving a burger....cool old time feel, great service...cheap!
If I'm ever on this side of town again....
I'll be back!

Perfect price, perfect service, and you can bet I'll eat here again!
Had the Gyro Burger because it was on special, but I could not have picked a better start to this place.
Made me realize there's more to burgers than some of the other places in the area.
Fries were on point and everything on the menu seems amazing.
I mean, mini corn dogs, really guys, thank you..Plus, any time you spend more than 10 minutes to decide what to drink, it's not really indecisiveness, it's exploration.
I can almost guarantee that there's 30-40 that you've never even seen before.
It's no wonder it lead the charts while searching for a local burger joint...

A '94 Rocket myself, I heard a good buzz about this place from folks in the old 'hood.
I brought my two little burger critics with me as well (ages 10 and 12).
Lots of soda to choose from, great hamburgers, and delicious fries.
It beats the heck out of a chain burger place in quality and character.
I even ordered the "Rocket Burger" which is a ridiculous three-patty monstrosity on a 10-inch sub roll.
I was embarrassed in front of my kids because I couldn't even finish my fries.
Rocket Burger has the makings to be a classic joint, legendary if they can match Capin' Bills longevity!

'There is no way we are going to finish all of this'   This is what we told ourselves we stared at the sizable amount of food placed in front of us.
What possessed us to order two double cheeseburgers, fries AND onion rings?
We wanted them.
That is why.
I can see how easy it is to over-order at Rocket Burger.
Everything looks good.
Cheese fries with real cheese?
Yes!
Rocket (onion) Rings that magically and mysteriously aren't greasy?
Yes!
Tender, juicy burgers with lots o' cheese?
Yes, Yes, Yes!
Rocket Burger isn't fancy.
It isn't a 'dress to impress' destination.
In fact, it appears that maybe once upon a time it was a convenience store.
Coolers line one wall containing a fascinating assortment of beverages, including one whole section dedicated to root beer, and one drink the owner admits tastes like 'tree'.
Really, tree.
If you can't find it here, it probably doesn't exist!
The charm in Rocket Burger is that it isn't trying to be something it is not.
In fact, you can see the whole open kitchen area behind the counter/cash register.
It is simply good food, prepared and served by friendly owners and staff.
Oh and yes, we ate it all.

Lots of retro sodas to choose from!
Nice locally owed burger joint that also serves gyro's, and other sandwiches.
You gotta love a place that cuts their own spuds at least I do.
I had the cheeseburger special for 3.99 nice size patty, fries and a drink with free refills.

This burger joint is amazing...
Very limited seating so be prepared to eat family style if necessary; it adds to the charm.
The beverage choices are amazing and the prices are ridiculously cheap.
It takes me almost an hour to get there from my house and they've never disappointed me.

Went to this place with my family this weekend.
My wife read some good reviews of it so we decided to try it.
At first it looks like an old market and not very inviting.
But we went in anyway.
We ordered 2 cheese burger combo's, 1 burger, 8 mini corn dogs, and onion rings.
came out to about $20.
we spend more than that at McDonalds.
The order was pretty quick.
It looked good.....it was great!.
the burgers were awesome.
You could taskte the cheese.
The fries rocked.
And the onion rings were really good.
Needless to say we loved it.
The peole the worked there were also very nice and actually spoke to us.
imagine that.
If you like good'ol burgers and fries at a very good price, we recommend Rocket Burger.
They ROCK.

Amazing food, amazing service.
I'm a regular there, and they are always awesome.
Large quantities of food for a cheap price and definitely have something on the menu for everyone.
Not to mention all the sodas they have.
Its one of the very very few places that have Faygo.

If In N Out and Five Guys burgers mated and created baby burgers, I bet they'd taste just like a Rocket Burger.
I'm so happy I randomly found this hidden Phoenix gem.
But I do have to give some thanks to Yelp for helping me decide where to go for lunch last month.
Their burgers really are like a best of In n Out and Five Guys.
They use the thousand island dressing on the burgers like In N Out.
The cheese is a lot like Five Guys and the fries are similar too (Rocket's are better).
Great cheese curds.
Also, they are apparently known for their root beer selection.
I'm not a root beer guy, but they do have a very extensive collection.
So if you love root beer, this is definitely your place.
Overall, one of the best places for a burger in the valley for sure!
I'll be back again and again and again...

This is quite literally the best burger I have ever eaten.
The rocket bacon cheeseburger with 3 patties of meat on a 10 in.
sesame sub roll and is nothing short of amazing.
It could easily be shared.
The cheese fries and onion rings are homemade.
We love the casual environment and the huge selection of glass bottled soda.
To top it off the prices are amazing!
This is our first time here but we are hooked.
We would love to see this place on Diners, Drive-In's and Dives, DDDinfo@mac.com, so if you love it here, nominate it!

One word comes to mind..... YUM!
Everyone is ranting and raving about the burgers (which are  scrumptious), but you need to try the subs here too!!!
The subs here are amazing!
They are a great price and you get a lot of sub for your buck.
The meat, bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, avocado, etc are stuffed into delicious whole wheat bread (they have other types of bread too) and the toppings practically over flow out of the sandwich.
This place is great because they have different types of food to please almost any one and it is all delish.
They have a good selection including burgers, subs, mini corn dogs, salads, gyros, fries, onion rings, etc etc that are all custom made to order.
The burgers are great and I tried the "moo-yorker" on a whim which was delicious.
The fries are fresh cut on site and the kitchen is open.
They also have a HUGE soda collection that has many different types of specialty sodas from all over the place.
I have gone to this restaurant many times and the atmosphere is laid back, casual, and down to the basics.
Good place to go if you have kids.
However, it is a smaller restaurant with limited seating.
Also, if you are trying to impress a pretentious date this is probably not the spot for you.
The people that work here are all very friendly, helpful, and has a family owner-ship vibe.
Basically.....
This restaurant has yummy food and great prices.
I definitely recommend that you stop by if your in the area!

Thank you Yelp, for another great find in the ASU West area!
Hand breaded onion rings, homemade chili, and a wall full of sodas--I hope I sold you already.
If not, try cheap.
Like ridiculously cheap for every menu option.
Not much ambiance, but for a great burger, who's complaining?
I like the bare bones decor, and I'm sure the high school kids would destroy anything more than that.
Speaking of high school kids, if you want to avoid those heathens try to make to Rocket Burger before 2:30pm!

Wow.
Plain and simple.
Wow.
The Eddie Lopez pastrami burger was pure Awesome and the fries they came with were a delight.
Came in because of the yelp reviews.
Our party of nine was pleased.
I recommend the blueberry Maine root soda and the Gale's rootbeer.
I am glad there is a place like this on the west side.
I am looking forward to my next visit.
Cheers to rocket burgers and subs!

We've been here twice now and we love this place!
Everything we have ordered has just been fantastic and we can't wait to go back again!
The rocket burger?
Yum, yum, yum!!!
The roast beef with the horseradish mayo on sourdough?
Delish!!!!!
Fries?
Could they be any better??
The large greek salad (add a side of gyro for a $1?).
Uh yes, please!!
Top off all that food, with great prices, more kinds of bottled soda than you can shake a stick at (including a Judge Wapner variety!
), and super friendly staff --- we will be lifetime addicts!
:-)

Some of the best subs I have ever had!!
And I travel a lot and will most definitely be coming back for more!
Love the selection of soda's they have and being from Hawaii....
They even had some from there also.
Loved the place!

Rocket Burger Again Why do I keep going back?
Well they are not the run of the meal hamburger shop.
They have a lot of other items on their menu.
They don't just cook hamburgers they continually creating new tastes in hamburgers and other items on their menu.
I like to go in often just to see what is new and how it tastes.
I have had their AfterBurner Hamburger twice.
What a treat!!
We have been going there for several months now and have never gotten anything we did not like.
The nicest people you would ever want to meet.
Always checking to see if everything is good.
They always make everyone feel like they are one of their best customers.
I like their frys as you can eat them without having to put catsup on the.
Most places you have to drowned them in catsup to eat them.
Here taste just fine the way they are.
I am telling you these people are cooking geniuses.
If you have not visited you are missing out on the best burgers in Phoenix

If you're looking for a good old fashioned  mom and pop burger joint Rocket's your place.
Cheap, delicious, fresh burgers and sammiches, crisp cut fries, friendly attentive service and a wall of assorted soda's that'll put any other in town to shame.
Rocket doesn't need to be flashy or have a big hook.
It's simple food done well.
If I lived a little closer this would be my default hangout.

My niece and I were having that conversation...where do you want to eat...I don't know where do you want to eat when we drove past the Rocket Burger corner.
I turned around to try it because of good Yelp reviews and my curiosity regarding the variety of Soda Pop.
We both got a large hot pastrami sandwich and soda pop.
The price was reasonable, the food was good and the soda pop made it a nostalgic experience.
I brought home half of my sandwich.
Just reheated it in the microwave and enjoyed it again.
I'll return to try the french dip sandwich on the menu.
P.S.
The meat and secret sauce gave the sandwich a great bite.
It blows away the 'roast beef' sandwich I had last week at Subway that looked like reconstituted meat.

its a must try!!

Oh my goodness, I have forgotten to review Rocket Burger?!
I'm such a bad customer, because I love this place and feel everyone should try them out.
I've had:  California Club The New Yorker -yum!
BBQ pulled pork- even good straight out of the fridge next day with no warm up!
Regular burger Some special burger they did on Memorial Day with the Rocket Relish- so good and spicy!
Fries Cheese curds- never had these before, and I really like them now Chili cheese fries Brownie  So anyhow...
I've been there a time or 6.
Good food, great prices, friendly service.
Definite go-to spot when I'm around the area

I have to admit, the burger disappointed me.
I had high hopes after reading reviews, but I didn't feel it lived up to the hype.
I got the $3.99 cheeseburger deal.
The saving grace of my lunch, besides the price, were the fries.
Skinny, salty, and just crispy enough, they truly made my day.
I enjoyed my In-N-Out burger far more, but Rocket fries are superior.

My boyfriend and I stopped in for lunch today before taking our boys to the water park.
Rocket Burger is one of our favorite places to stop in to eat or just grab a couple of the MANY bottle sodas they sell.
Upon walking in we immediately noticed they did a little re-model and moved the kitchen area back so it opens up the dining area a little.
I also noticed it was a lot quieter & cooler inside.
They also put a wall up that they are going to be selling some of their sodas by the 4 or 6 pack.
My BF was excited to hear that so now we can stock up on some of his favorites at home.
Like I said, we have been here many times but this time I tried the Afterburner Burger & OMG was it good!
It had just the right amount of hot flavor but not too much to where you couldn't eat & enjoy it.
He got a Bacon Rocket Burger that was good as well.
We always get the chili cheese fries with the chili on the side & like always they were delicious!
Don't be discouraged by the location or outside appearance of Rocket Burger, it's a small family business ran by nice people who serve good food!

I stopped in after reading about it here....
Ordered the Eddie Lopez Burger (Double)... First of all, the burger is huge... a single would have been fine, but hey, who's counting calories?
I really enjoyed this burger...every bite of it... Next time I will venture to try either the bacon burger or the Cali burger.
Great service...And the coolest thing I have seen in a long time is their bottle soda fridges..must have been 8 of them...
They had every kind of soda you can imagine...
I'm talking about sodas from way back when...Ones I didn't think were out there any more.. Can't wait to bring my family back for dinner.

This restaurant is one of Phoenix's best kept secrets behind the Church's Chicken.
The service is topnotch, the food is amazing, and the drink selection is up there with the best of them.
I went there for the first time two days ago with my Mom.
I got the recommendation from a couple of friends who share the same love of this kind of food that I do.
I ordered the Afterburner Burger and it exceeded my expectations.
It had just the right amount of heat.
I also ordered fries and onion rings and they did not disappoint.
My mom ordered the reuben and it looked pretty good.
The food prices are cheap which made the food taste even better.
Not only is the food good, but they have a huge selection of vintage soda that would blow your mind.
They receive extra points for having the Texas born "Dublin Dr. Pepper" in stock.
The owner doesn't talk much but the service is amazing.
The ambiance is a little dive-y but it adds to the experience.
All in all, Rocket burger is a great restaurant to chow down on your favorite foods.

Fantastic foodgasm!!!
I'll run out of superlatives trying to describe their latest masterpiece - the best sandwich I've had in ages!
The New York Dog: Beef weiner with hot pastrami, melted swiss, and creamy-tangy coleslaw!
http://s3-media4.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/Tgla9QvUuLsxQG5M7D3CvQ/l.jpg    Best paired with butterscotch root beer.
So glad Rocket Burger is in my neighborhood!!

Lemme tell y'all something right now.
Check my profile.
Yelp Elite 10, Yelp Elite 11.
What this means to you is, I aint no bitch.
I eat good food mother fackers.
GOOD FOOD.
Rocket Burger did not disappoint.
I've got 2 words for you.
Rocket sauce.
I'm not going to act like I know whats in, I do not.
I do know that Rocket sauce rocks the body that rocks the party.
I dont even care whats in it.
I only know that it is good and thats all I need.
I was extremely disappointed to find they had no Dublin DeePee.
Which is a staple in any specialty soda shop.
Too many rules and restrictions it seems.
Its pretty easy to make an average burger but something completely different to make a great one.
ROCKET BURGER MAKES A GREAT BURGER.
I put my 2, count them 2, Yelp Elite Badges on the line here and declare that the In and Outs and 5 Guys of the world better watch their back.
Its obvious the guys running rocket burger are developing a rabid following by just being cool dudes serving high level food.
NONE CAN DEFEND!
ps This review is pretty much a 5 star.
I've just started being more stingy with my Stars.

Authentic.
This place is authentic.
They do what they do really well, and their customer base knows it and appreciates it.
Come here for an enormous selection of handcrafted rootbeers, creme sodas, and more.
Pair those with traditional American lunch items like burgers, dogs, fries, rings, etc.
Simple enough.
Good tasting, reasonably priced.
Tucked behind a Church's fried chicken.
Service was friendly.
Too bad cheese curds were termporarily out of stock!

So worth the drive!
It's about 1 1/2 drive from where I live, but we had to come to Phoenix anyways.
I'm glad we stop by this unique burger joint...
I had the AfterBurner Burger & Onion Rings also got the Pizza Bread... Yummy!
I was starving ok lol.
My fiancé got a Fish Sandwhich and Fries he said it's like the best Fish Sandwich he's had.
My little ones had the mini corn dogs & fries.
So we enjoyed our self and the owners are really nice...

Ahhhhhmmmmaaazziing!
I had the mexi-burger and it was probably the single best burger I have ever had.
Perfectly juicy and crisp.
The fries were also very good.
and oh my the soda selection.
I did the math and there is about 500 different sodas.
A must go in my opinion.

Top 3 west side burger shop.
Can possibly make # 1 after a few more visits and a couple cracks at the burgers on the menu.
Philly burger with homemade fries oh my.

They sell Dublin Dr Pepper.
The food was good and reasonably priced, but let's stick to the important facts, they sell Dublin Dr Pepper.

The name of the place is Rocket Burgers, yet somehow I got a sub.
And let me tell you it was so dang delish!!
It was the New Yorker loaded with Pastrami with homemade cole slaw swiss cheese and rocket burgers own sauce.
OOOHHHH dang!!
So delish!!
I love a good pastrami sammie!
Their fries are delish as well.
But this place has over 300 different types of sodas, and even carries Dublin Dr Pepper, you might get a little over whelm on which soda to choose from but it's interesting to see the different types from all over.
I settled on a frosty vanilla root beer and was not disappointed.
Can't wait to come back and try out other sandwiches and burgers!

Just had their latest creation - the chicken tender bites salad.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-ZBfr1BHvArFp1d6XH8jOQ?select=VQg07pVUi7ZiSTao92KkRg  It was mega-flavorful!
I love that this is not a chain eatery; it frees them to be creative, so they keep coming up with delightful new things to offer.

Third time in today.
This mini-mart converted into hamburger making awesomeness does not disappoint.
Onion rings with panko breading, yes please!
Hamburger with rocket sauce, heck yah!
Cheese curds, any flavor of soda you would ever want and then some....must stop drooling.
I need to go here more often, the service is great.
The owner is always there, he treats you like a person.
My 5 year old ate the WHOLE burger tonight, this was after doing some sort of moon dance because I mentioned we were going to Rocket Burger.
Burgerlishious!

We drive from Surprise to eat burgers here!!
Awesome food and very friendly service.

This place is crazy good!
The New Yorker and the chili burger were AMAZING!
I come here all the time, they have this wall full of  unique soda that is pretty cool, fries are good until they get cold, onion rings are amazing and fresh, california burger is awesome too!!
Great place!

HOLY COW!
An entire WALL of frosty specialty drinks?!?!
Are you kidding!?!
I had a standard cheeseburger and it was phenomenal.
The service was great- the flourescent green sodas that my kids chose from the wall were good.
Weird, but good.
Had a great time here with the family, will definitely go back the next time we are all in the mood for burgers and sodas.

Simply put, one of the best burger shops in the city.
The meat is fresh, albeit a tad greasy, the cheese and bacon rock, and their crazy twist on 1000 island is awesome!
Only detractor is the grease as it destroys the bread.
But the main event?
The cooler packed with the 350 best soft drinks you never new existed!
Sprecher rootbeer at 1.89 a bottle all day!

Fantabulous!
Juicy delicious burgers, great onion rings, happy face of my husband completely covered in sauce.
Rocket Burger cannot be beat!

I go here several times every month.
For lunch and dinner.
I have never been disappointed.
Burgers, sandwiches, hot dogs and fries.
It is all good.
My favorite is the Mexi-burger.
Fresh salsa, avocado, bacon, pepper jack and much more.
A great burger.
And then there is the great collection of soda.
My wife loves the fact that they carry her favorite "Rock n Rye" Faygo pop.
Straight from MI.
This place is definitely worth checking out.

Holy smokes!
This place is FANTASTIC!
I was super starving this afternoon and was craving a good burger.
I remember going to this joint about a year ago with some co-workers and decided to head on over again.
The place seems to have grown since I was there a year ago.
The counter seems to be back more than before but maybe I'm just going crazy.
Anyway, on to the experience!
I was quickly helped at the counter by a very nice guy who took my order.
I ended up getting the Eddie Lopez Burger which had a SUPER tasty burger,  pastrami and is topped with lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle, swiss, and rocket dressing!
The only bad part was the part when it was all gone!
I also ordered the Onion Rings.
I am not even a fan of onion rings but I had to give them a try since everyone suggested them.
Wow!
There was a pile of them and they were so good!
Next time I'm getting a double!
Forget going to any of those franchise burger places, hit this place up and be prepared to drool!

2 of us had the New Yorker it was amazing!
Fresh bread great slaw packed with tender pastrami.
2 had the Angus cheese burger on home made bun equally as good.
1 had the chicken bites real chicken breast freshly breaded excellent!
Try the fresh made onion rings delicious.
Can't wait to go back.

O boy I just discovered ROCKET BURGERS &SUBS.
TOTALLY AWESOME!!!!
This is the first time in a long while I drank 7-up from a bottle...tha fries are the bomb too!!!!

I really enjoyed rockets New york sub, it was like nothing i have tasted.
The burgers are okay.
The shakes are alright.
I really enjoy the selection of beverages at this restaurant.
The only thing i didnt really like was that the cheese curds were just too greasy.
Other then that Rockets is where its at.
Its nice for Moon Valley High School that this restaurant is right next door.Its just a bit pricey if youbuy for multiple people.

I am so grateful to say I have had the famous Rocket Burger.
This place gets so much Yelp praise and for great reason.
The soda selection is off the hook every soda you grew up with and then some all in coolers in bottles the even got YooHoo.
Fries are all natural cut and amazing there is just something great about fries with the skin on them they just taste better.
The burger was Phenomenal I had the Santa Fe which had the amazing Rocket Sauce, bacon, and fried green chili.
It was outta this world good.
I will be a loyal customer and I am sure will post numerous updates to this review cause this place is just that good.

This place is tucked away in my old stomping grounds.
As a former "Rocket" I had to see what they hype was about.
Took a drive into my ol' hood.
And was shocked how the neighborhood had changed so much in 30 years!
Rocket Burger is tucked behind Church's Chicken.
It did not disappoint!
I have been there twice now.
I have tried the rueben sandwhich, California club, California burger, the NYer fries and onion rings.
All of it was great and affordable.
The subs are packed with meat and the sandwiches are big enough for two people to split.
My least favorite was the burger.
But for subs I would go back.
The onion rings were crunchy, with a light coat of batter, and thinner which I like.
The fries were just ok.
But then, fries are not my thing.
My kids liked that they could pick out any type of soda.
I picked one that tasted like a mojito.
My daughter had a pear soda, and my youngest had a delicious rootbeer that had butterscotch in it.
The coleslaw on the NYer was great!
It was fresh and crunchy!
In fact all the vegetables were fresh!
Even the avocado, it wasnt just a little bit that came on the burger, but it was enough to cover the entire bottom bun.
The tomato was wasnt chintzy either, Yay!
Great family business that I would support any day over the big guys.
This place rocks.
And all of us can find something to eat here.
Score!

If only I could give this place 50 stars...
They really do force me to grade every other eatery on a curve..
I've been coming here about twice a week for a year now and it just keeps getting better.
The staff is welcoming and eager to please, the selection approaches infinity, the value is absolutely unbeatable, and the food... OH MY GOD THE FOOD!!!
I've had so many amazing experiences here.
Like how we mentioned to the owners how cool it would be if they offered ice cream, only to find a whole slew of ice cream treats we never would've dreamed of a month later.
Like how I mentioned that I missed the Flathead Lake Blueberry Pomegranate soda (I wanted to try it in a float now that they had ice cream), and I came in 2 days later to find new ones in the freezer and a full case on the rack.
Or the time my girlfriend and I just stopped and stared at each other after our first bites of our Red, White and Blue Special burgers on the 4th of July.
Or my feeble attempt to finish a 3-patty-on-a-sub-roll Rocket Burger by myself on my first visit...
I've tried just about everything on the menu and have yet to be disappointed.
All of the burgers are incredible, but my personal favorites are the Philly Burger, The Afterburner, Teriyaki Burger, Steak Burger, and the Red,White & Blue Burger.
The Pescado de Cohete, a zesty spicy citrus fish sandwich, is a must try, as is the chicken (sandwich or nuggets).
And don't get me started on the subs...
I'm halfway through trying them all and picking a favorite just depends on my mood, none have disappointed me.
Same goes for the hot dogs.
The sides are perfect as well.
Aside from the MOST ADDICTIVE FRIES AND RANCH IN THE WORLD, they also have cheese curds, pizza bread, OVER 300 SODAS, SLUSH PUPPIES, and one-of-a-kind treats like PECAN PIE SHAKES!!!
On top of all of this, they're the best value ANYWHERE.
Where else can you get a $4 burger combo this epic???
I challenge anyone to leave hungry!
Every time I come here I think it just doesn't get any better.
But then I come back and they prove me wrong.
Long live Rocket Burger!!

Never Ending   This describes the choices of food and drink here.
On today's menu was a small toasted California Club and a Black Cherry sodee-pop.
Don't let the sound of small fool you either, it is huge!
Crammed packed with turkey, bacon, tomato and sprouts.
This is a sub to try!
The staff including the owners are amazing.
They have such a great selection of food and drink you can take your picky eating kid or a cranky grandad, both will find something to enjoy.

This place is amazing.
The food is far and above any fast-food place you could go to.
Heck, you would probably pay less here and get superior food.
An Slush Puppie machine!?
Crazy big bottled soda selection?!
This place is a hidden jem that all should go to!

Great little place with cheap, good food.
Ruben sandwich with chili cheese fries - great lunch!

Yes

For a burger joint, this is as good as it gets.
I especially loved the large selection of specialty sodas.
They also have the best chili cheese fries, I have never had better chili, it was meaty and tasty and best of all not greasy!
I will definitely go back when we are in the area.

I absolutely love this place!
The food is excellent, the eddie burger and meatball sub have been my favorites so far.
The chilli cheese fries are incredible, and the onion rings are awesome!
You can tell a lot of love is put into this food, and if I go out to eat I drive 20 minutes out of my way to go to Rocket Burger.
Absolutely love this place, and the soda selection is incredible!

This place pretty much rocks!
Our friends introduced us to the place last night.
Our experience was so exciting that we went again today for lunch.
The first meal was a philly burger, amazing, and a gyro burger, an another amazing!
Both burgers were spot on with big flavor!
The burgers are great, but the other thing that made the place pop for me was the selection of artisan sodas.
The place has a giant selection of sodas that are so rare to find.
I'm from Maine and they had Moxie.
I can't get Moxie soda anywhere here in the valley, that is except at Rocket Burger!
This review isn't for the soda Moxie, it is definitely an acquired taste.
Rocket Burger on the other hand is not a place that has to grow on you.
You'll fall in love with it right away.

I have to go back and get he rocket burger with avocado!
It is very large and tasty!
The cheese curds used to be good but not anymore.
the fries are good though.
Great selection of sodas.

Incredible burger at such a reasonable price!

Okay, let's get this straight...there are pros and cons here.
Pro: I think they have more soda than Rocket Fizz.
It's all refrigerated and ready to drink!
Pro: They have a Santa Fe Burger which involves a battered, deep-fried green chili which is utter genius.
I repeat, Utter Genius.
Pro: The burgers are well-crafted with attention to detail and carefully laid out, not assembled by an uncaring worker and squished into a wrapper quickly.
Pro: They have Pepsi products on fountain in case for some reason ~300 types of bottled soda (most made with Real Cane Sugar OH YEAH) just doesn't do it for you and you need to blend your own suicide-soda.
Pro: They will make any soda you want into a float, using soft-serve, for a buck!
Pro: Locally-owned by a guy who seems pretty nice and genuinely interested in his customers and their thoughts.
That's a HUGE PLUS, people...pay attention!
Pro: The burgers' pickles are good!
they don't taste like run-of-the-mill, cheap, food purveyor 5 gallon bucket pickles.
Pro: They have a website that seems to be pretty current, it alerted me to the fact that they have some of the last remaining Dublin Dr. Pepper in the world and I should buy now.
(Disclosure: While I like Dr. Pepper - I'm not a superfan, and have never tried it - so I figured the $15/6packs were better left to the superfans and collectors).
Pro: The building seems to be laid out in an "L" fashion, with the soda selection and main tables on one side; and an 'extra" area of seating on the other side of the kitchen that seems to have a pass-thru ordering window.
That probably comes in pretty handy during lunch rush when the kids from the hi-skool next door probably mob the place.
We didn't notice this until we were leaving...so I'll have to explore that next time.
Con: The signs telling you about the $1 float options are too high to notice until you've already ordered.
Perhaps this is another stroke of genius to encourage repeat business, perhaps its an oversight.
Con: It's an older property, so it doesn't have that super-clean feeling about it.
It's not dirty by any means...but it's at that stage of life where its not sterile, but not quite yet charming.
Of course, this whole part of town is at that stage - so you can't really hold that against the place.
Con: Soft-serve rather than real ice cream.
It's not that I hate soft-serve, I give it its credit...but I prefer real ice cream.
(Disclosure: if they used real ice cream, I'd probably bitch about that too, because I'm kind of a dairy snob).
Con: Shoestring potatoes.
I know they have the skin on, and are natural-cut, and shoestrings have millions of loyal followers...I'm not one of them.
Give me a tater-tot any day.
Other things of note: My single burger was BIG.
You can also go double or Rocket Burger, which is 3 patties on a sub roll.
I can't imagine eating that - but I'm sure its a fave amongst many!
Bottom line: Pros obviously outweigh cons and the fact that it is a family-owned/run business always weights positive in my book!
We'll be back.

Rocket Burger is totally out of this world!
This place blasted into my universe about a year ago and I have been coming in for frequent landings ever since.
Rocket has arguably the best burger in Universe!
I bet the astronauts on all of those Apollo missions and up on the space station wish they had it this good.
Steve and Denis, the owners, are both really nice guys.
"Fresh is where it's at" at Rocket Burger and they have over 300 sodas in stock!
But hey, don't take my word for it.
Let's hear what the Steve and Denis have to say...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MqQQvX0Ock  Gotta love that commercial.
I wish it played on local TV.
I'm telling you this place is seriously really great.
I always go with a bacon double cheeseburger, with pickles, onions, jalapenos, and man oh man that Rocket Sauce.
I think I could drink it!
Good thing I don't though.
Check out my picture from this place.
I mean seriously, how good does that look?!?
I also recommend getting a side of their ranch for your fries.
I know, I'm sounding like a total health nut right now, but bear with me.
I think this place would be a perfect candidate for Diners, Drive Ins, & Dives.
It's T minus 10 and counting until I get in my car and blast off to Rocket Burger and Subs.
I'm sure the burger and fries will have another great landing in my belly.
Get Your Rocket On!

This place is great.
You really can't get much better.
They have unbelievable food at great prices.
I love the hole in the wall joints that make themselves big just because they're that good, they work hard, and they aim to please.
Anytime we've come in, the owners have been very nice, and the staff do their jobs.
The food comes out fresh and hot and I have never bitten into anything from there and said to myself, "Self, this is not out of this world.
" Everything is above and beyond what you'd expect walking into this place.
My husband LOVES the New Yorker on the sub.
It is unreal.
The pastrami and coleslaw with the sauce... Heavenly.
The Rocket Burger is HUGE and uncomparable to the likes of culvers, in and out, ect.
My kids loved the corn dogs.
And to top off the ridiculously delicious food, you get your choice of 200+ kinds of bottled pop.
You will never feel like a penny was wasted after coming here.
So go.

Over a year later and still great.
Went in on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch and got the California burger (sans tomatoes and pickles).
The avocado was fresh, the bun wasn't dry, and their "secret" sauce was still perfectly peppery and went great with the avocado and cheese.
It's also one of the only places to get a lot of the soda they have on offer and today I chose a vanilla root beer from Barrel Brothers.
It seems that they bought most of the mini-mall they're in so there's more parking and will soon be a lot more seating.
Good for them!

What can I say that hasn't already been said?
I got the Afterburner with onion rings and both were excellent!
There were so many sodas it was impossible to decide on one, so I just picked a category (Root Beer) and grabbed one -- quite tasty as well.

Just gotta say yummy... so good it tickles... dw, my son, got the terriaki Burger... ummmm really???
With a fried pineapple slice.... let's just talk about the housemade terriaki sauce... and not your typical bun either... listen... don't get me wrong... its a Burger joint...
BUT it's not 'just' another Burger joint... after all the 'taste is outta this world'... and the fries...
exceptional!!!
On to the cherry... they probably have over 200 different sodas... old school favs and some new school stuff... everything from Virgil's root beer... to the ever natural Oogave drinks... they even have one called dog snot and Kitty pittle (not feeling THAT adventurous today)... creamy deliciousness...
Whether it's next door to you... or across town... it is DEFINITELY worth the ride...

Dave was craving a cheeseburger sub, which I thought were nonexistent out here; however, after a quick search on yelp we found this place and it wasn't too far, only about 10 miles.
I was hoping to find that little gem, but unfortunately I didn't.
I had a single cheeseburger, I liked everything except the rocket sauce...no matter what you call it, it's 1000 island on all these burgers (In/Out, McD's and every other burger place with special sauce is either straight up 1000 island or some variant of it), and normally I like it; however, I did not care for this particular version.
It was watery.
I did like the actual burger.
Again, I'm a lover of onion rings and I was super excited to see all the great reviews, until I actually tried them.
I didn't care for them at all.
The breading was horrible, I ate them because I was hungry...the breading did not grow on me!
The selection of sodas was amazing, they have an extensive menu, the prices are extremely reasonable, the service friendly, the customers eclectic, but the overall quality of the meal was just 3 stars for me.

I just keep going back!!!
If you want the best burger, best service, nicest people.
This is the place to go.
Now I have not tried everything on the menu (Yet).
But I am trying.
We go there almost weekly to see what is new.
I always ask Steve what I should try this trip.
He never steers me wrong.
Their burgers are not just burgers like you get in most places.
They are what you would call a work of art the way they combine different tastes.
You can go many places to get a hamburger but you will not find a better burger or sub anywhere.
On top of this you will be greeted  by the nicest group of people in the valley.
THIS PLACE IS MY ATF (all time favorite).
Keep it up Rocket Burger.
Can't wait to see what is new.

i dream about this place...in fact my stomach is growling just thinking about it.
been here a few times, always down to try something new each time.
however, my heart belongs to the eddie lopez burger.
i've yet to get down on the cheese curds, the fries are tasty as well as the onion rings.
the kids and i spend at least a good 15 minutes perusing the soda selection.
this place makes me happy, so very very happy.
i just wish i didn't live so bloody far...

Best pulled pork i have found in Phoenix!!
And love the drink selection found a huckleberry cream soda I drove 1200 miles to get last time!!
New favorite!
Can't wait to go back for another sandwich and after reading other reviews onion rings I think.
Ugh but Which of the bagillion sodas to choose from??!?
and def trying The ice cream.....
Tomorrow for real.

I go there about once a week or week and a half.
They have good burgers and a decent selection.
Much prefer it over standard burger joints.
Not that it matters to me, but they also seem to have about 1000 different brands (or more) of items to drink for anyone looking for that special soda they cannot find anywhere.

Was searching for a place to eat before a Halloween party.
Saw rocket burger on the map and had heard someone mention them a week earlier.
Ordered the "Eddie Lopez" double burger, had pastrami on top.
Best damn burger.....not better than mine....but close :-D Fries suck but i just wont order them again.
Service was good and the owner is there every time i go and is very friendly.
Which is probably the reason for 5 stars, i don't hand them out like candy.... (Edit: Changed to 4 star, gotta keep the 5 stars exclusive) They have over 200 different sodas in the fridge which is pretty unique.
Ive been back 3 times and will keep going back.

My family and I love this place.
It has a huge selection of unique soda and great food.
At some point we are going to have to go there for desert we never have room after a meal.
A helpfull tip is to get your soda by the six pack if you have 3 or more with you.

I was fixated on the Rocket "Burger" of Rocket Burger & Subs... so much so that for my first visit, I though I'd be doing an injustice if I didn't get a burger.
Truth is: what's special about Rocket Burger is 1) the bread and  2) the rocket sauce.
The burger itself... eh, just fine.
And, yes, there's forty million sodas to choose from but if you're looking for "diet," you'll be forced to choose pepsi.
Still: four stars because the bread is awesome!
I can not wait to go back and get a sandwich!
Chewy, but you're not going to break your jaw or cut the roof of your mouth on it.
And, the rocket sauce puts other "secret sauces" to shame!
Bottom line: don't forget the "subs" at Rocket Burger!

For a local hamburger place this is it for me.
They have it all.
Great fries, wonderful burger, and good buns (and yes that's vital!).
Any soda you can think of!
GREAT PLACE!

My wife finally caved in today and went to Rocket Burger & Subs after hearing great things about it.
As for me personally, Eek !
Methinks not.
The burger patty was big but thin.
The fries were bascially the frozen in a bag type at your local grocery store.
Seriously !
Are you kidding me ?
Everybody knows that the fries compliment the burger and if your fries are weak that kills the burger.
My wife brags along with the other reviewers that they have 300 sodas to choose from.
To me that is just 300 ways to get diabetes.
Look, the burger was whack, the fries are the frozen variety and I could care less about 300 sodas.
Rocket Burger & Subs Eek!
Methinks not.

Burger was delicious and fresh.
Fries were well seasoned and crispy.
Huge selection of bottled sodas from across the nation.
Fun and good!
Definitely coming back.

We want there for the first time 7 weeks ago.
We have been back weekly since even though it's a 20 minute drive for us.
My wife and I simply cannot stay away from the Afterburner burger.
The kids love the place with the great soda selection and the mini corn dogs.
Great place.

There is no real way to say this but........ROCKET BURGER IS ONE OF THE BEST BURGER PLACES IN AZ!
Hands down the best burger there has to be the New Yorker!
It has a patty, pastrami, cole slaw, and rocket sauce!
I didn't even know a burger could be that good!
The fries and onion rings are great too, i would not  call them the best but they are enjoyable!
If you like to try different kinds of soda this is the place to go!
They have any kind of bottled soda you can think of!
Every time i have gone i have gotten a new soda i have never heard of before!
The management there is great!
A friend of mine got a bottled soda and didn't like it, they saw him about to throw it away and they said just to grab another soda free of charge!
The workers there are really cool!
I recommend this place to any one that is a burger lover!
i live in Mesa and anytime i am out by Rocket Burger i will go out of my way to stop in!
I highly recommend it!

I love this place!
They have amazing food with a HUGE selection of bottled sodas.
I have not yet had anything that I didn't like.
Awesome burgers and subs!

Excellent menu great selection good service delicious delicious delicious!

OK I will admit I am pretty ashamed of myself here.
I did not realize I had not reviewed this place yet.
SHAME ON ME!!!
I have been here half a dozen times and this place always makes me smile, and full.
The food here is awesome, dozens of Burgers, Hot Dogs, sides and do not forget the fried Cheese Curds.
Then there is the infamous Rocket Burger.
You can get any burger turned into a Rocket Burger (on a sesame seed sub bun) it is delicious but you have to have a huge stomach.
Sometimes I will stop in just to get a 6 pack of soda and then spend 20 minutes deciding which one I want.
I believe I counted approx 360+ sodas?
They also have slush puppies, I have not seen or had these since I was a kid.
I would love to see this place expand it is awesome.
All of the food I have tried was extremely good.
My kids beg to come here for dinner all the time!
...Why are you still reading this and not driving to this place?
GO!!

I was wary of trusting Yelp after the debacle of culinary excrement served to me at Wineburger, but Rocket Burger delivered the beefy goods.
Great soda selection, friendly service, and the BURGER.
Wow.
I had the Baja Burger, and it packed an explosion of flavor.
I made the mistake of getting a "Rocket" burger, which was too large for even me.
After a while, I ditched the bun and went to town on the meaty goods.
This is a place that knows how to season meat.
Rocket Burger, I shall return.

Rocket Burger's homemade onion rings are some of the best I've ever had.
I love the California burger, and the gyro burger is super awesome.
I always make sure to steal a bite of Andy F's rocket burger (it's three patties!
on a sub roll!
so epic).
Part of the fun of eating at Rocket Burger is spending way too long examining all the soda options - last time, I found a dandelion soda, but was just too chicken to try it (but YOU should - and tell me about it!
)  The owners and staff are lovely, and you can tell they really care about this place.
Andy and I actually had a really terrible experience our first time here (waited an hour + for food that was cold on arrival, etc), and when Andy yelped about it, the owner reached out.
He said there was no excuse for the terrible service, but he'd instituted some changes and hoped we'd come back.
We've been back a dozen times since that fateful day, and never once have we regretted it!
Well, I regret not having tried all the sodas.
But I feel I made a valiant effort!

Tried this place for the first time today after reading the Yelp reviews on burgers and I think it was even better than I had expected.
The California burger was awesome and I loved the fries.
To top it all off I had a Dublin Dr. Pepper to was it down.
Was the best burger shop hamburger I have had in years.
The have a soda shop also where you can pick out gourmet sodas with a really big selection.
Service was fast and very friendly.
I will definitely be back again when I am in the area.

After reading tons of reviews on this place, and considering its right up the street, I decided to give it a try.
The soda selection was awesome but the food was just ok.
The burger bun was twice the size of my double burger patties, although the bread was yummy.
The sauce was way too sweet for my liking and tasted exactly like coleslaw dressing, and the bacon, instead of being nice crisp strips, it was chopped up burnt little scraps.
The cheese fries were just ok too.
I usually am a big fan of thin cut extra browned french fries but these had very little flavor, and zero salt.
Fries should be salted as soon as they come out of the fryer while they are still wet or else the salt will never stick... Lastly, the older gentleman who took my order kind of seemed inconvenienced by having to take my order, which is a very uncomfortable feeing.
None of the food I ordered today was bad, it just wasnt all that great.
I will probably be back to try a sub and some onion rings.
Maybe I can give them a better review next time.

We decided to try this location after our favorite burger place was closed for the day.
I had a chicken sandwich and my husband had a burger.
The flavor of the sandwich was good, but I was disappointed that they didn't tell me it was a fried chicken breast.
My husband didn't care for the size of the bun compared to the size of hte patty.
The atmosphere was fun and service was quick.

Very good place to break your diet :)  the fried zucchini are the best !
I love the green chili burger with the fried green chili !

First time coming today after reading their reviews.
I had the Philly Cheese Steak Burger, and it did not disappoint.
Decent sized patty covered with thin slices of steak, peppers, onions, and a gooey slice of cheese melted on top and all inside a toasty bun...DELISH!!
Also ordered a side of fried zucchini, which I thought was really good, but a little on the greasy side.
If you like a good greasy burger, then this may be your place.
The decor isn't very fancy, but they have a huge soda selection, and several different burger choices.

Good food, fair prices.
If you are getting an order to go make sure you check your order before you leave.
They have forgotten to put things in my bag on 3 separate occasions.
Other then that I enjoy this place.

Burgers were good.
The sides are great.
Skip the fries and get the zucchini or mushrooms.
Next time I'm going to have to dig into their selection of Root Beers... Can't wait!

Love this place, food is very well portioned, and yummy.
I really love the endless selection of bottled drinks offered.
Must try if your craving a soda different from the normal selections offered.
But, they do have the standby soda selections available as well.
Stop in, burgers have some crazy combinations to try.

I've been here a few times and have to say it has been a great experience every time.
I've primarily had their rocket sized cheeseburgers with bacon and everything has a home cooked taste to it.
It is obvious the food is made with love here, and it is always reassuring to see the owner hard at work in the restaurant serving customers, not to mention cooking.
Probably the only disappointing thing is that the last time we went their cheese curds were overly salty.
Note I have a HIGH tolerance for salt, and this was even too much for me, it was extremely over the top.
Let them know about it through email and they never did respond which is disappointing, but considering how good everything else is here I'll let it slide.

I just tried Rocket Burger for the first time after reading some great things on here, but it didn't quite match my expectations.
The main reason that I think this place is rated too high is that the food is just average.
The sauce on the burger is nice, but there is nothing else really special about the burger and the fries are kind of lousy.
The service however is pretty good.
The guys working here are certainly friendly, so I am all for supporting an independent location like this.
The various sodas they have here are cool to look at, but a little overwhelming.
I couldn't figure out what to get or what was supposed to be good, so I just stuck with a regular fountain Pepsi.
The location of the place is not very good and it looks more like a convenient store than a restaurant.
That was one thing I didn't like about eating here.
It was an alright experience on the whole though.

I was craving a burger and I wanted a good one so I searched yelp for good burger reviews.
I decided to try this place out today because it's just two miles from my home.
The location isn't all that great, like someone else mentioned it's more like a convenient store than a restaraunt.
I ordered the gyro burger and it was such a great idea and delicious.
My only complaint is the burger patty was really small and didn't cover the whole bun.
I washed it down with a Fentimans Dandelion & Burdock soda which was interestingly different tasting.
They have so many different soda's it was hard to pick one so I just tried the one with the oddest ingredients I could find.
My friend ordered the Baja burger and it was very messy but she said it was awesome.
She liked the bread and the toppings.
We're both fans now.

Being over on this side of town I was looking at places to eat this caught my eye on yelp.
The burger was great, the bacon hot and crunchy and above all the fries were amazing.
If I lived on this side of town I would eat there often.
The selection sodas is overwhelming because they were so many.
I had a cream soda.
It was really good.

I can not believe that I have not reviewed this place yet with as much as I go there!
I have been  going to Rocket Burger for a couple of years now and on a regular basis... maybe 2-3 times per month.
I have NEVER been disappointed.
I get the Cali Burger which has bacon (which is always crispy) and avocado (which is always perfectly ripe).
It also has rocket sauce  on it which is like no other "secret" sauce I have had before.
You just have to try it.
The amazing bun that the hamburger comes with is more like a crusty roll type bread rather than the standard seeded bun.
The fries are good, but overshadowed by how amazing their burgers are.
The soda selection is like nothing I have ever seen before.
Hundreds of choices.
Bottled sodas from across the nation and soda I have not seen in years!
Oh and the service - they are great!
They actually thank you for coming in and say by when you leave.
They know who I am (as they should since I go there so often), but they really give it a personal touch!
This is my#1 burger joint - hands down!
So glad I work so close to this place!
You would be a fool not to give this place a try!

My reasoning for checking out Rocket Burger is kind of weird but I'm glad it got me through the door.
One of my friends from Ohio always talks about Faygo soda and when I saw that in one of the pictures for Rocket Burger I knew I had to go for that and then after seeing all the great reviews I was excited about the food too.
Had a little trouble trying to find it at first so for everyone trying to find it for the first time, it's on the South West corner of Cactus and 35th Ave.  You probably won't see it from the street but there's a Church's Chicken right in front of it so just pull into that parking lot and Rocket Burger is right behind it.
I got the Single Bacon Cheeseburger with fries and a Faygo soda (of course!).
The guy at the counter was nice and polite but not overly friendly.
The food came out very quickly, probably under 5 minutes and it was nice and hot.
The burger was good, they really stack it with the toppings too and you can tell they're quality.
No soggy veggies and limp bacon here.
I loved the fries too!
They're shoestring and they're coated with some kind of seasoning salt that gives them a great flavor.
So glad that my quest for soda helped me discover a great burger place too!

great food at great prices

So glad I found this place on Yelp.
I've passed it for years unaware it was there.
Had Chicago burger, it was amazing!
Cheese curds were great!
Yes, salty.. but that is how they should be.
I'll absolutely be back!

This place was deilcious!
I went there today with my boyfriend and we both loved it.
He got a bacon cheeseburger "Rocket Style" and he let me have some.
The burger was cooked perfectly and the toppings were fresh (I especially loved the crispy bacon).
I got a cali sandwich but ended up being so full from the bites I stole off my boyfriend's burger that I didn't finish it.
Next time I think I will just get my own burger .
I say get a burger "Rocket Style" and you will never want a normal burger again!
Also make sure you give your self some time to pick what soda you want because there are a ton of choices!
I don't think of this as a negative factor (as some reviewers did), I think it makes this burger joint unique!

First time coming here and we weren't disappointed.
One of the best Rubens I've have in Arizona, everyone else in my party had burgers.
The California, Bacon & cheese, and a cheese burger.
Everyone was very happy with they're orders.
Also tried the onion rings and cheese curds.
Both were great.
Great people behind the counter and very friendly.
Can't wait to keep trying  more of the menu.

The area is pretty sketchy, but the burger was great.
There were tons of interesting menu items and I wish I could try each one, but I went with the standard cheese burger.
Of course I had to get it "Rocket" style though.
The burger plus an order of fries could have easily been a challenge on Man vs. Food.
With that said I couldn't finish the fries and burger which is a rarity for me.
For about ten bucks it was a pretty good value and well worth it.
The burger was well seasoned, cooked perfectly and wasn't greasy.
The bun held up great so I didn't make a mess of my shirt as is almost always the case when I have a burger.
I will definitely return because the Eddie Lopez burger has my name all over it!

This place is great.
I am a faithful customer and I even recommend it to people I work with in the East Valley all of the time.
Items I have had (and enjoyed) as well probably should have made more than one meal out of: -Rocket Burger -New York Burger -Cali Burger -Santa Fe Burger -Philly Burger -Gyro Burger -Western Burger -Red White & Blue Burger -California Club Sub -Country Club Sub -New Yorker Sub -Gyro -Pescado de Cohete  I still have quite a bit of items I want to try but hands down this is the best burger and sub place I have EVER been to in Arizona and I am an AZ native.
I always try to give tips as well due to the fact that 1) I support local business 2) The owners and staff are very professional and cordial 3) the food is always well prepared not just slapped together like a typical fast food business

It deserves 5 stars.
All of my return visits have been amazing.
You can get pastrami on your burger.
Did you hear what I just said.
Pastrami on the burger.
I'm not joking here folks.
Pastrami on the burger.
An entirely different meet (Pastrami) on top of a completely seperate meat (hamburger).
I'm not sure it's the leanest cut of pastrami, in fact it's fatty as hell, but it is pastrami on the burger.
Need I say more.
One more time.... Pastrami on the burger.
Ergo.... Five Stars.

I was running some errands and figured it was time to go check out Rocket Burger's and subs.
I've heard some pretty good things about this place so I stopped in and checked it out.
The place is located in a strip mall and actually kinda cool.
It's got a huge selection of pop along the wall, and has a great menu of items to choose from.
Prices are fair, and over all, it was a great experience.
I went with the Gyro burger with a pop, and it was out to my table in no time.
Hot and tasty, and it hit the spot.
The burger itself was actually quite big, and stacked real high.
Pretty cool!
There's a reasonable amount of seating, with booths and tables like.
One thing I noticed is that they only have one unisex bathroom.
I guess I'm used to a Men's and a woman's, but that's okay.
The parking lot was also overrun with teenagers for some reason, so I'm not sure what that's about.
There must be a high school near by, but they were just all hanging around, and some of them were in the restaurant as well.
I guess it must be a fun place for them to hang out at!
Either way, if your on this side of town, and want something different and cool, go check this place out.
They seem to have something on the menu for everyone.

We are from So.
Cal., have travelled far/wide in southwest/more & have never had as good a green chile cheeseburger anywhere.
This scrumcious burger is called the Santa Fe Burger.
Veggies (tomatoes, onions pickles), cheese, fried green chile, bacon & rocket sauce.
The depth, taste, & texture was amazing.
Served hot in a perfect crunchy outside/soft inside bun!
Was not sure about a fried chile, thinking it may be heavily dipped/fried, but it was 'heavenly' breaded & fried to perfection, not oily, but fairly thick & crisp, adding another dimension to the old standby found in many New Mexico burger shops.
Don't think it was the unsurpassed New Mexico Hatch chili which is the only thing that would improve this outstanding burger.
I had the single which I could not finish because of its size & hubby had the double which he did finish.
Num!
Fries were not memorable.
Oil not hot enough, I believe.
They wilted as they cooled.
Next time we'll try the onion rings, zucchini, or mushrooms.
Apparently for these other veggies, they use the same coating as the above-mentioned chili in the burger.
We stuck w/ the regular soda machine, but hundreds of choices in chilled bottles are behind glass to choose from.
Wish we were staying one more night so we could go back and totally ruin our diets!
Ha!
Excellent price points, as well.
Get yourselves over there before they have to expand to a pricier market.

2 weeks ago my bf and I were discussing Sonic and their slushies.
That prompted a conversation about  "Slush Puppie" drinks that I grew up with back in Tennessee.
I loved the lemon/lime ones that they used to sell at the local corner store.
That prompted me to Google to see if anyone sold them now and in Phoenix.
To my surprise Rocket Burger popped up!
We decided to check them out as they also have over 300 sodas for sale some that are hard to find.
I let out a child like squeal when we walked it.
There it was, glowing like an angel!!
SLUSH PUPPIES!!!!!
I purchased the biggest size they had and it was as good as I remember as a child.
The owner, Steve was very nice and we chatted him and his counter guys up for a bit.
We took a look at their menu.
WOW is all I can say.
So many options.
We went for the Double Bacon Cheese burger, fried mushrooms (with cornmeal).
Absolutely delicious.
The burger was tasty, flavorful and the bun toasted to perfection.
The mushrooms were divine!
Best outside of Bun Huggers up in Flagstaff.
I would highly recommend this place.
If you love vintage soda pop, a great burger and Slush Puppies check them out.
We ended up ordering them for takeout last Friday night.
My bf had the gyro burger and we ordered the french fries.
I had the BCB again.
Once again a great meal!!
Will be returning over, and over again..

This place made a quick, great burger.
They have enough variety to satiate any tastes (if that taste is for something burgerlike) and their wall of unconventional soda and NA beverages is worth the trip on its own.
In one trip it has been a staple of the area.

We have a large family of pickey eaters the staff is always patient while kids make decisions.
The foods is fresh and delicious.
In an age of processed everything.
Its to have hand made food not baged and fried.
We always get a 6 pack of soda to take home with us.
Up grade the combos for only $1.00 and you get a bottled soda from a huge selection.
Maple soda floats are a favorite of ours.

Onion rings are good.
The breading is very light and salty.
Most definitely Not heavy like other places.

I always have the Ruben Sandwich and love it.
Very delicious and reasonably priced.

This place is elusive.
It looks like a little hole in the wall and if not for being told about it I probably would have kept driving right by, but these guys deserve some love.
Something like a hundred different bottled soft drinks plus diner style burgers and fries, sandwiches, floats (with bottled drinks if you like) and SLUSH PUPPIES does anyone else remember those?
This place is awesome.
They also have a 10% off check in deal so there's no excuse not to try it.
Order a "Rocket" style (triple meat on a sub roll) and split it with someone.
Get 5 bottled drinks and get the 6th free.
Oh, and their cheese curds?
Just like the state fair.
Wish they had a bigger location, but it looks like they are expanding to the suite next door, so that's good!

First of all don't judge a book by its cover.
Most people would pass up the place from the outside.
Which I guess is good for us locals!
There are so many great things I can say about this place.
First of all the burgers are amazing and quality is consistent.
We have been going here since they opened and never have any issues.
The staff is so friendly they know you by first name basis.
If you are a bottle soda or flavored soda drinker this is the place for you.
They have over 5 fridges full of selections to choose from.
Now to the good stuff.
I recommend that you try the After Burner burger.
It is pepper jack cheese, jalapenos, this amazing mayo, and rocket relish...pretty much a pico de gallo.
The Onion Rings and Fried Zucchini are coated perfectly and fried crisp not greasy.
Don't forget to ask for the ranch it is also a customer favorite.
Another good burger is the Cali burger which has fresh avocados on it.
They have daily specials as well.
Now for dessert don't forget to get a brownie that they make or a chocolate milk shake.
For the kid in you they also have slush puppies they remind me of my childhood.
I would say the main reason we go back is the vibe of the restaurant.
They are like your family and they make you feel at home.
They are the reason you go back!!
Keep up the great work Rocket Burger!!

This little hole in the wall has delicious sandwiches!
They have a huge collection of old school sodas and you can turn any one into a float.

I've been meaning to try this place forever.
It is just a little to far from my shop to go for lunch.
Recently I was driving down I17 and wanted a burger for lunch and remembered about this place and got off sooner than I normally would.
I got a cheeseburger combo with onion rings which came with a nice dipping sauce.
Pretty good burger.
Even with all those bottled sodas I just had the fountain drink that came with the combo.
It's fast casual, order at the counter and they bring it to you.

If you like avocado burgers, Cali burger is the way to go 5 out of 5.
Pastrami lovers Eddie Lopez burger is for you 5 out of 5.
The onion rings was good 4 out of 5, chili fries are the best chili fries I've taste since living in az 5 out of 5.
Milk shake was great 5 out of 5

Bacon cheeseburger was perfection.
The meat was tender and juicy, cooked to medium perfection, the bacon was crispy and the right proportion to the beef.
The lettuce was very finely shredded, onions were diced and blended well with the lettuce to add just the right amount to each bite.
The bun was toasted lightly but still fluffy.
The onion rings were very good... corn meal breading that was light and crispy, the onion was soft but didn't pull out of the breading.
The cheese curds were amazing.
They were small, breading was very light and crispy.
The wall of soda is diverse and has something for everyone.
I chose the Blenheim Ginger Ale pink cap (the spicier one).
I was assisted with my choice which was great because I didn't know the difference between the options.
Staff was knowledgeable and very courteous.
The place has a bright and cheerful environment with "old timey" soda advertisement signs.

Just had the Flyin Hawiian with chicken.
It was amazing!

We came here during my Winter Break and this place looks creepy from the outside, but once you are inside it's like "WOW"  they have so many types of soda like 300's from all over the world.
That was my boyfriends favorite part, who knows how many he drank.
LOL.
We ordered burgers and we were very satisfied, can't wait to go again!

These guysut out some good food.
Not huge on the fries but most everything is GREAT!

Definitely not somewhere to go if you are looking to eat healthy!
But it was so good!
I ordered the chicken teriyaki sandwich-and although it looked difficult to eat, I scarfed it down without a problem and without a mess!
Have some fun and try to find the craziest sodas amongst their giant selection!

Rocket Burger is a fun place to go for lunch and the food is excellent!
My favorite so far is their Philly Burger.
The double size is only $6.99 and is very filling.
It's topped with grilled green peppers and onions, along with provolone cheese and mayonnaise.
Another good sandwich is their California Club.
It comes with Turkey breast, tomato, avocado, sprouts, cheese and mayonnaise.
It's on whole wheat sub that only costs $6.69.
Both are great!
I've also had their roast beef sub.
It has roasted peppers, provolone, and yummy horseradish mayonnaise, along with lettuce and tomatoes for $6.69.
If you are seeing a trend on prices here, that's because all of their medium sandwich or double hamburgers are $6.69.
But, they do have smaller sizes which start at $4.49.
One of the most cool and impressive things about Rocket Burger is their assortment soft drinks bottles in their refrigerated case behind where you sit.
They say it's over three hundred.
Have you ever had a Judge Wapner root beer?
How about a Dad's Cream Soda, maybe Grape Nehi, Royal Crown?
It's impressive that's for sure.
My friends, Arlin B and Rand H have written glowingly about their sandwiches.
But the best line comes from Arlin regarding their double burger pastrami.
He says: "It was a mouth watering double burger that came with Hot Pastrami stacked on top of the two patties covered in melty-cheesy goodness, toppings and their thousand island dressing.
It was FANTASTIC!!
"   Got the visual image?
Good.
Enjoy!

Low prices and great food.
Fast service.... definitely one of my favorite places!
AMAZING selection of indie sodas!

Oooooh...
I was a little apprehensive about Rocket.
Their vegetarian selection did not look promising.
No veggie burger?
What?!
We ordered the mushrooms and zucchini to start.
Oh-em-geeee!
These were home made morsels of joy with a mouthwatering, well seasoned batter.
I ordered a veggie sub and everyone else ordered a burger.
The burgers were raved about with every bite.
My veggie sub on the other hand?
Just so-so.
The bread was really good and the quality and variety of veggies was good.
Something just didn't work though...
I think it didn't have enough mustard/ mayo/ sauce/ dressing.
It needed something.
And more cheese probably.
We also had fries and cheese curds on the side.
Fries were fresh, not frozen.
Yay!
Cheese curds were tasty.
Soda wall was a bit insane.
I'm not a soda person.
I was getting a toothache just looking at this wall.
I would prefer a beer wall...

Rocket Burger offers a variety of choices that you probably won't find at larger food chains.
:P Pretty much everything there is delicious.
And,and, AAAAND (Look how excited I am) they have a HUGE selection of bottled sodas.
Seriously.
There's just a WALL of carbonated, fizzy, goodness~.

Always great Grub from the Rocket.

As far as roadside kitsch and All Star Americana goes, Rocket Burger & Subs is at the top.
Just the kind of place you would see on the Travel Channel, its a small shop mostly dominated by the huge wall of soda selections.
We checked in and got 10% off our order.
Our sodas included a LeninAde which was pink lemonade with the slogan "War Is Best Served Cold" on the side, Bubble Up, A Blue Raspberry Jolt cola & black cherry one, too.
I got an Eddie Lopez (single size) and it was heaven on a bun.
The lettuce & special sauce makes a very slaw-like topping plus I have never liked a bun so well.
The cheese curds made a fool out of me.
If you are looking for a sinful snack, delicious dessert or float made of one of hundreds of sodas then by all means, do NOT miss this restaurant that can only have been conceived of in the wild imagination of one who is very young at heart.
Great for tourists and locals alike.

You walk in and are greeted by a selection of over 300 bootled sodas (they also have a fountain with pepsi products and SLUSH PUPPIES!
) I got the California burger rocket style which comes with three patties on a 12 inch sub roll.
It was fantastic!
Plenty of bacon and cheese and they definitely didn't skimp on the avocado!
The bread was freshly baked and fluffy.
I also ordered onion rings.
Perfect amount of cornmeal breading, very crispy and not greasy at all.
While they specialize in burgers they also serve salads, subs, gyros etc.
Great place to stop in for a quick bite.
You'll also receivea discount if you check in on YELP :-)

HOW did my burger and fries come out so fast?
I swear, I turned back to my booth from picking out a soda from the many to choose from, and there it was!
I'm not sold on the rocket sauce, but I can ask them to leave that off next time.
My fries didn't seem totally fresh, but they weren't bad.
Super crispy bacon for the win.
Filling, satisfyingly greasy, reasonable prices.
I'd be willing to make a return trip and try something else from the menu.

I never do reviews, but I had to after going to Rocket Burger heaven!
This is my new guilty pleasure.
The burgers are juicy, big and satisfying, their subs are tasty and inventive, and their onion rings are awesome, crunchy greatness.
Their fries are perfectly crisp, and their fried mushrooms are crunchy, fresh and wonderful.

The burgers are great, a little greasy but delicious.
Their's a great list of burgers to choose from.
I try a new one every time I go and have never had one that I didn't like.
If your new try the New Yorker or the Teriyaki Burger (be advised both are extremely messy but delicious).
If you never have been here you should try it out.
O yea, I forgot to mention their is like 500 different sodas to choose from!!

This place is outstanding!!
Burgers are fantastic, huge boutique soda selection, soft serve ice cream with owners that are friendly and happy to provide great service and food!!
I will be back as often as I can!

Rocket Burger's teriyaki burger was 12 inches of messy, drippy, delicious madness.
I probably used at least 10 napkins while eating that thing, but looking like a socially unacceptable slob was so worth it.
It was huge, tasty, and took me from "hungry" to "omgwhydididothat" in no time.
Rocket Burger is America.
In addition to selling ludicrously sized burgers, Rocket Burger also sports an impressive collection of specialty sodas.
The vast walls of varied sodas more closely resembles the beer selection of a very-good liquor store, which alludes to the restaurants previous life as a bodega.
If you've got a 12 inch burger and a soda, then you most likely don't need a side dish, but for fellow Yelpers with monstrous appetites, their fresh-cut fries are wonderful.
I haven't tried the onion rings or cheese curds yet, but I don't know if my body is ready just yet.
If you're suffering from an extreme calorie deficit or just wanna stuff your face like no one's looking, make Rocket Burger a priority.

Disappointing.
Had a so-called Philly cheese steak.
I think it's the first one that's ever been made.
Had to explain how to make it.
Tasted strange.
I believe I asked for onions and green peppers and I'll be darn if I could find them.
The mustard had a strange taste to it also.
The place was also unbearably hot inside.
I guess they're saving on air-conditioning.
Don't plan on going back.

Oh my goodness, this place is the best especially all of the sodas they have.
Every flavor, the burgers and fries are great with the special sauce.
I would love to go back in the near future.

Burger was big and greasy, if that's the way you like it.
Huge root beer selection.
HUGE.
The owner was great.
He stepped from behind the counter to help me pick one out.

Definitely good food.
However, I wouldn't get the Santa-Fe burger next time as the fried chillies were really big, not what I expected, and dominated the burger.
I ended up taking them off.
Everyone in party had good things to say about the food.
10% off for checking in on Yelp, just can't beat it!

So is this a burger sandwich shop or a fantastic specialty soda / pop store?
This place is SO COOL!
I honestly never knew there were so many kinds of soda pop and the flavors are just as cool as the design and names on some of the bottles.
Anyway I can't express enough how impressed I was witht their soda selection but my reviews are more about a restaurant and their food and this review will not become an exception.
I ordered three burgers to go.
Two double cheeseburgers a chili burger two orders of fries and one order of onion rings.
My 21 year old grandson had their chili burger and an order of fries.
My wife and I had the double cheeseburger.
She had the fries I had the onion rings.
My grandson said he liked his burger and that it was OK but nothing to write home about.
He said the fries were about the same.
My wife commented that her cheeseburger was a little spicy and ate half of it because she just didn't care for it.
Her fries were OK.  My first impression was this: Right from my first bite there was something about the burger I didn't like.
It tatsed OK, Their sauce is great but it does have a bit of a kick to it.
so what was it?
I finally determined that the combination of their "sauce" and the way their lettuce is cut so thin it appeared there was coleslaw on the sandwich instead of lettuce.
In fact if there wasn't it sure seemed like there was and I just didn't care for it at all.
But everything else about the burger was fine.
The burger was good, the bun was different than you normally get a burger on, it tasted good and was hot.
I agreed with my grandson though it was noting to write home about.
My wife and grandson also commented on how they weren't really impressed with their fries, but I have to say my onion rings were deeeeeelicious!!!
Bottom line: Better than Rocket Burger is better than any fast food place.
I guess I just expected a little more especially after reading the reviews.
So I will have to give them another try   FOOD: NO wow factor or anything, however they are  better than any fast food place.
PRICE: The prices are reasonable.
SERVICE: The guy at the counter was nice and polite.
AMBIENCE:  Looked more like a convenient store than a restaurant.
CONCLUSION: Two Words: SODA SHOP The selection is intense.
Best I've seen in years.
Great selection of small batch brews.
I love mom & pop establishments so stop by and support this really friendly neighborhood shop.

Every year i travel to Phoenix to visit my family and this is the one place I make it a point to come and visit.
Their burgers are delicious and the chili cheese fries are super scrumptious,  their soda selection is incredible never have i seen so many selections.
Hopefully i can visit more often and visit this place as well.

I was skeptical of this place when my coworkers told me about it, but when I walked in for the first time and saw the wall of bottled sodas, I changed my mind.
They didn't even mention that!
Seriously, though, they have a lot of sodas.
A whole refrigerator full of root beers.
A row of birch beers, a couple rows of colas, a row of Faygo sodas, a couple rows of ginger ales/beers... Really, every soda you can think of besides spruce beer (I guess I'll still have to go to California to stock up on spruce beer).
Of course, this is also a burger place.
The burgers are fantastic, as long as you're not expecting a gourmet, 95% lean, thick patty $12 burger.
It is better than the Five Guys and Smashburgers of the world.
Try the New York burger (Pastrami, slaw, rocket sauce), the Santa Fe burger (bacon, fried green chili, rocket sauce), or the Baja burger (pico de gallo, bacon, rocket sauce I think).
Those are my personal favorites.
I have also had the gyro burger - pass on that one; the tzatziki sauce is great, but the gyro meat is probably the frozen variety.
They don't specialize in gyros here.
I pay this place a visit every week now.
The fact that their A/C doesn't seem to work well in the summer doesn't even dissuade me.
My biggest complaint is that they have a soda fountain.
People who prefer carbonated sugar water over delicious specialty sodas are simply not worthy - they're casting their pearls before swine.

Burger was good, but the size of the bun is a bit to much for a single.
The fries were very tasty, seasoned to perfection.
Great selection of Soda's and a good variety of items on the menu.
Seating was a bit limited.
Overall a cool little place to have a quick bite.

We just finished up with our second birthday party held here.
They opened up the side dinning room to accommodate our party.
The food was delicious, staff was very attentive, and professional.
Remember to preorder a pan of fresh baked brownies if your having a party there.
A member of our family is disabled but the staff sees beyond that and treats him like everyone else.
They do the community a great service with that and having only fresh hand made items.
No frozen processed food there.

New Yorker Pastrami Sandwich!
Amaze-balls!
Yum!
Awesome cut of pastrami with fine cut cole slaw and an amazing sauce that could possibly contain a spicy mustard.
Not sure.
I just know the combo worked quite well.
Hub got a bacon cheeseburger and liked it very much.
French fries were like shoe string type.
We also got some Dads Red Cream Soda and Orange Cream Soda from their vast array of sodas.
Very good!
The counter dudes were very nice and helpful and probably deserve raises because they actually care about providing good customer service!
Good job guys!
I'll will definitely be visiting this place more often.

Another burger shop with a decent burger.
They do have a huge selection of bottled beverages which was fun!

One of my favorite places to eat.
Everything is delicious and for a great price.

Place is awesome huge soda selection.
Definitely check this place out.

Great burgers and the amount of drinks from all over is amazing!

One of the best burgers I've ever had (Philly cheesesteak burger).
Add a pumpkin pie soda and BAM, awesome lunch!

If  you buy 5 of their hundreds of bottled sodas,  then you get one free.
The burgers and chicken sandwiches are awesome.
I would go more often, but it is very warm in there during the summer.
Buffalo Chicken and the Afterburner are great.
Very messy, but good.
Fries are awesome about 3/4 of the time.
The other 1/4 of the time they are average.
The place looks like a dive from the outside...not much better inside, but great food and drink.
If you "sign-in" through Yelp or Facebook, then they give you 10% off!

I'm going to go back.
If only to try a different soda.
Fantastic!
It honestly would be a 4.5 kind of place but I'm rounding up because of how quick the service was and the insane variety of sodas you can choose from.
it's basically the Total Wine of soda places.
I got some Leninade soda and it was delicious!
The wife got a grape soda that made you forget about any other grape soda you've ever had.
The food is great too.
I had the Santa Fe burger and it had a weird sweetness to it that I wasn't expecting (it had to be the pickles!
) , and a very nice bun that absorbed everything the burger was throwing at it, and it was a lot (Good house sauce!).
Again, I will go back, and I will get root beer!

Very Cool restaurant and a Must Try!!!
The Menu is out of this world with all different types of unique burgers topped with pastrami, a philly cheesesteak burger, one had a breaded and then deep fried green chili on it (Who does that :) MUST TRY!
Another burger experience I recommend trying, if feeling daring is the Gyro burger, this thing is about the size of 4 burgers in one and is topped with homemade tzatziki sauce.
Now for the endless soda pop flavors, whatever you can think of they pretty much have it.
I recommend trying the So Duh!
Liquid Fire flavor, tastes just like you're sucking on an atomic fireball candy (Crazy, but fun).
Place looks a lil rough on the outside, but don't let that fool you as I recommend any  Burger Fanatic to try!

Food was good, not great but I loved that they had so many different types of bottled soda.
Would come back, if not for just a soda!

These guys know how to fry!
I had fried zucchini with a good cheeseburger.
Terry had the fried chicken sandwich   The best he has ever had!
They have a huge wall of sodas!

I've actually visited Rocket Burger for several times already.
One word that I can describe their service is it is CONSISTENTLY GOOD.
I've tried other burger joints but they simply don't get it that when I say "well done", I mean "well done".
Anyway, my fave is their Bacon Cheeseburger and their Philly Burger (hey, I'm a burger guy!).
Meat is fresh and is cooked very well.
The cheese properly melted making every bite a sumptuous rush.
Will be back for more my friends!

Wowza!
This place is AMAZING!
Thanks to Paul V. I was able to try Rocket Burger many times and every time has been fantastic.
I had the Bacon double cheeseburger  with fries or cheese curds and it's so delicious.
The burger is greasy, cheesy, and has lots of bacon.
Ya can't go wrong!
The french fries are also good, especially the cheese fries.
Paul has ordered take out from here for me quite often as well.
The cheese curds get a bit mushy if not eaten right away so go with french fries if you have take out.
Whether you eat in or get take out the food is awesome!

Burger was good, but the size of the bun is a bit to much for a single.
The fries were very tasty, seasoned to perfection.
Great selection of Soda's and a good variety of items on the menu.
Seating was a bit limited.
Overall a cool little place to have a quick bite.

Went here with the family and it was delicious!
Really love their selection of glass bottled sodas too!
Picked up a few cases for a birthday party.
We're definitely going to go back to eat and have a soda.
BUT the ONLY thing we didn't like is the sticky floor.

This place is great!
I had the Santa Fe with a fried chili on it!
Delicious!
Also tried the onion rings which did not disappoint.
The soda selection is amazing and completes the meal.
Only draw back is sticky floor and tables.

Bomb ass hamburger.
No hamburger extraordinaire could go unsatisfied.
The burgers come on sesame submarine buns so they are quite bigger than most.
The fries are a tad sloppy and they have the largest selection of craft soda I've ever seen.
If you ate everyday you'd be the biggest man on the planet, but a satisfied one at that.

A hidden gem.
Came here today for the first time.
We weren't sure what to order and the young man behind the counter recommended the NY Burger which is what we order.
Also we ordered the fries and the fried zucchini.
The burger was cooked perfectly and it had a wonderful flavor.
The fries were good and the zucchini was outstanding!
The service was quick and friendly.
Will go back.
The drawback is a small parking lot and seating is limited.

Rocket burger has been on my bookmark/bucket list of places to try and this was my first time here today.
I got the cheese burger special for 4.99 includes fries and a drink , plus the 10% off if you check in through yelp .
The cheeseburger had really good flavor it was dressed with the usual and what made it so special was the burger sauce.
The sauce had a little bit of a kick , not too much but enough to make you want more.
The only negative is the bun was too thick for my taste, but I ripped the inside of the bun and enjoyed the burger .
The fries seems to be hand cut and I think they are cooked in some kind of veggie oil like Crisco.
They looked better than they tasted.
Then again everyone has their own preference in what they think is a good French fry.
Who knows it might be your cup of tea.
Oh and by the way they had a crazy cool collection of soda pop.

Came to Rocket Burger for take-out dinner, and the bbq pulled pork sandwich was absolutely delicious!
By far one of the best burger places around!

Eh..maybe I went on an off day.
Or maybe I shouldn't have ordered a hotdog.
I got the Chicago, my wife, a regular.
It was decent but not worth the drive for me.
Should of stuck with regular fries... the chili cheese fries were pretty gross... and I'm a huge fan of chili cheese fries.
However, their soda wall is impressive!
Tons of great choices.
$1.99 per bottle.
I guess that's the going price, but wish it was less...
Pretty gross location and the inside was clean but smelled of grease.
I guess I should of assumed that walking in.
It's not terrible, but not great.
Prices were decent overall and the service was fast and friendly.
I'd only go back if I was in the area which I doubt I'll be any time soon.

I ate here a long time ago and today I went back to buy a root beer.
As everyone else says, their soda selection is outstanding.
They have a very wide ranging menu and seem to have added to it since the last time I was there.
I remember the hamburger being very good with a slight peppery taste...which I like.
The fries were also well above average and service was friendly and efficient.

AMAZING!!
The burgers were perfectly cooked.
We had the Cali Burger and the New Yorker.
We shared half of each and neither one of us could decide which we liked better.
Loved them both!
Daughters had kids chicken fingers and they were actual chicken, not just mostly fried breading with little chicken.
Girls also had milkshakes that were thick and full of flavor!
The staff was extremely nice, helpful and had wonderful suggestions.
Will come back many, many more times!
Thank you Rocket Burger for a great dining experience!

No A/C, sketchy area, ok food, filthy dining room, but damn, that's one impressive soda wall!

Stopped in for a late lunch on a work day.
Friendly place, they weren't busy so the service was pretty quick.
Had a burger combo, really enjoyed the fries.
Should have had a double on the burger though.
If I'm in the area I'll eat there but I don't think it's going to be one of my "usuals".

I came to Rocket Burger expecting one thing and then got blown away entirely!
I came in with my S.O.
and we were greeted warmly by the girl behind the counter.
She explained everything for us and was super helpful in suggesting the Santa Fe Burger.
I loved it!
We were able to pick from so many flavors of soda while we waited!
Even though it was date night we still enjoyed the casual atmosphere and very low prices!
Definitely coming back and recommending it to all our friends!

They have a HUGE choice of all kinds of bottled sodas and delicious homemade chili sauce.
Their rocket sauce is outta this world and the shakes are bomb too.
Definitely come here!

Wow.
So many drinks!
Food ain't bad either.

Every time I house sit for my friend Keith, I eat at Rocket Burger.
Partly because it's just down the street, but mostly because a good burger is a great way to end the day.
I've never had a bad burger here.
The chili cheese fries are pretty great.
The fish sandwich is good but messy to eat by hand.
I don't drink soda, but if I did this place would be like heaven: a monterous  selection of carbonated beverages lines the back wall.

I went to Rocket Burger and Subs for the first time today, and I was pleasantly surprised.
The establishment didn't look like much, and I was a little leery about eating there as I had come mainly to check out their huge selection of unique and vintage sodas.
I ordered the teriyaki burger and I have to say it was the best teriyaki burger I've ever had.
It was messy but the flavors were wonderful.
I definitely want to go back!

Awesome place with quality service.
They have an incredibly large variety of sodas.
And management is perfect.
I appreciate places that show quality and care, not only in what they produce but also in how it's shown through customer service.
I will definitely be coming back!

Really cool Mom and Pop restaurant with the largest selection of refrigerated soda pop I've ever seen.
They also serve up some very affordable and tasty food as well.
Inside is very simple with a rocket theme going on here and there.
Outside looks pretty old and withered.
Could have probably been a convenience store at one time or another.
Parking lot is a bit small but achievable.
Beep beep!
Ordered way too much food the first time and could barely finish it.
They have Hot Dogs, Cheeseburgers, and a large selection of every type of Sandwich known to man.
Very large portions.
You can even choose Rocket size if you are feeling really hungry.
My favorite so far is going to be the NY Hot Dog which comes with Pastrami, Swiss, Coleslaw and Rocket sauce.
Also have enjoyed the spicy Afterburner Chicken Sandwich, the Philly Burger, Mexican Dog, Chili Dog, and Chicago Dog.
Everything comes out fresh and ready to jam in your mouth.
Their Fries and Onion Rings are also very delicious.
Your meal is not complete without an Ice Cold Soda Pop from the cooler or a nice soothing Homemade Milkshake.
Place can get pretty busy during peak hours.
They do have some additional seating next door.
Great place to bring the kids and family.
Be good and treat yourself to something fun.
As Jackie Gleason used to say ... TO THE MOON!
4 STARS

10% off with Yelp check in!!!
There is an amazing selection if soda pop.
It makes my GF crazy when I call it pop.
Location is not the best, but I never felt like I was in immediate danger.
Good staff.
Clean.
Yummy stuff.
If you are loitering around 35th ave and Cactus, this is the place for you.

Love this place!
Great food, the subs top notch, burgers are the best and the crazy selection of hard to find sodas is truly amazing.
If you haven't been here before I suggest you give this place a try.
It really is good grubbin and drinks!

What a find!
The location might leave a bit to be desired, but the burgers definitely do not.
This is a unique restaurant that has amazing burgers, fries, and a wall of bottled sodas.
I ordered a double afterburner burger and with the works and it was a lot of food.
The horseradish mayo was awesome!
They have a triple burger (Rocket side) that I cannot imagine trying to take down!
If you prefer to stay away from the chain restaurants and are looking for a great burger, look no further!
I am looking forward to going back!

Very nice burger selection (toppings not patty type), I've been here several time for lunch and enjoyed it every time.
Huge selection of soda, more then I have ever seen.
If you don't want a burger try the buffalo Chicken and the fried mushrooms...very good.
Beware, this is not a light meal, better for the younger crowd.

Great local place.
Excellent burgers, sandwiches and sodas.

Had a Flynn-Hawaiin incredible chicken sandwich with a deep-fried pineapple  awesome

Long trip from Las Vegas to Rocket Burger and Subs with the family.
The food here makes the trip well worth it.
Well, I'm actually here to see family, but we always have to stop at Rocket Burger when we're in town.
Wifey and Grandma loves the meatball sub.
I normally get the New Yorker, but I think the new fave is the Afterburner.
And make sure you make it a double and get an order of onion rings with those delicious fries.
Soda selection is boss.
Chocolate soda is actually quite delish.

Been here twice both times were great.
Just a simple burger and sandwich place nothing fancy and that's what I want.
I miss the burgers you get in SoCal and this place does it's own twist not the same but good enough.
I wish they would pay as much attention to the fountain soft drinks as they to the bottle soft drinks the fountain drinks are a bit flat boring.
The burgers are on point and I haven't had a bad one yet.

Service was great.
My husband had a burger & I had a chicken sandwich.
Only thing that saved my meal was the fries.
I didn't finish my sandwich, it was just eh.
I wanted to take more time to look at all the  different sodas but it was pretty busy so I felt like I was in the way.
If I'm in the area I will probably be back for some of their neat sodas but not for the food.

I have been coming to this place regularly for over a year now and the quality remains outstanding with phenomenal customer service.
They have a huge selection of bottled soda and offer discounts for checking in on facebook.
Well worth your business and better by far than any of your franchise burger joints.

Let me start by saying I had been meaning to come to Rocket Burger for a month or so..
The place makes you feel like a kid again with ridiculous amounts of flavored sodas from super rare brands.
They even have Jolt....
So the places drink selection is off the charts..The burger and fries could have been a bit better..  Staff was friendly, however I was not asked how I wanted my burger cooked, granted it came out good.
But the special sauce they use I could have done without..and the fries were average.
All in all its a must try and a nice little experience.

Let me start by saying the burger was 5 stars!
However, the fried zucchini was just pretty good and the onion rings looked like it was the cooks first attempt ever at making them.
The chili cheese fries were a disaster.
Also, I thought it was lame that they charged me a dollar extra to do half n half on two items that were the same price.
Greed isn't something that scores extra stars on Yelp.
The service wasn't very good.
The cook kept coming out and talking to people he knew in the dining area so our food took a long time.
Would I go back- yes Would I recommend the burgers- absolutely Would I tip them- hell no!
Need better service  Nice selection of sodas you probably have never seen or heard of too!
I love Root beer and they have an entire fridge full to choose from.
Overall incredible burger.
Anything fried I would stay away from and wouldn't get the chili cheese fries, they are soggy and the chili is poor.
Still worth it for the burgers tho, prices are reasonable as well.

The food is really good, and was served to me in a mostly timely manner for how busy they were.
The selection of sodas is amazing!
The only reason I wouldn't give this place all 5 stars is because the lobby was pretty dirty coming in.
All of the tables were well used and that doesn't appeal to me.
Otherwise, good place!

Not going to write an elaborate review because I dont have tons to say.
Maybe i got the wrong items, but my burger was alright.
The shredded lettuce paired with their house sauce made me feel like I was eating coleslaw.
Maybe thats what they were going for?
If so- congrats.
If not- fix it.
The fries were nothing special either.
Greasy and not overly flavorful.
Sometimes you get those greasy fries that you can feel how hard you will have to workout to get rid of them, but it is soooo worth it.
These not so much.
Drenched in grease and blah in flavor.
The soda selection is cool, but I don't drink soda.
Maybe just not my kind of place.

This is an easy to miss/pass up local...which I stopped to check out a few years ago and am so glad I did.
It is locally owned and operated.
They have a standard menu and a rotated special.
The most obvious thing they sport is the vast selection of boutique sodas.
The food is fresh, ex, the fish is hand battered--in their own kitchen.
The buns are very good, solid enough to hold up under all the marvelous stuff they put in their burger/sandwiches but soft with a nice bite/texture.
Back to the sodas...I think that it would be a very fun thing for a group of friends to gather and have a soda tasting event.
It could event be a MeetUp.
I do not want to even start listing the selection--just visit and take a look for yourself.
Finally, I have always been served by the same pleasant gentleman all the years I've been going there.
Consistency, is something I value.

Delicious food and a good value!
I've been going to Rocket Burger for years now and I can't get enough of it every time I pop in.
Their Teriyaki burger is sublime, among the best I've had (including "gourmet" burgers) and the fries are the perfect balance between crunchy and fluffy.
The selection of sodas are to die for, there's something for everyone.
Though the price is more expensive than a meal at In-N-Out, the difference is well worth it.
I spend around $8-10 every time I eat there for a burger, fries, and a bottled drink or two.
This is definitely a must-have for anybody in the Phoenix area.

Excellent selection of custom burgers made to order .. Been here many times ..
The one thing you'll definitely come back for aside from the eats is the soda selection... Any flavor soda you can think of ..
They have ... From root beer  cream to cherry to bacon maple and banana ..
The mushrooms are phenomenal as well and again made to order..
Piping hot .. My favorite burger is the afterburner single..
Altogether for one person with a bottled soda base price is about 10$ as a combination ( ie fries, mushrooms etc) so I'd give this place 5 stars ..

I'm not one to usually make dramatic statements but : BEST BURGERS EVER  My office recently moved to this area and have come 3 times now.
My favorite is the Afterburner Burger.
Also, an incredible selection of soda.
Much of it pure cane sugar.
Very nice staff, always busy.

Man this place is great!
Good burgers and the soda selection is out of this world.
Have a friend from Kentucky who is able to get a ginger ale that he has been searching for since he got here around 8 years ago!

Would give 3.5 stars if I could.
Came here looking for a great burger, fries and shake and left a little disappointed.
My burger was excellent but the single patty was paper thin.
Didn't look at all like some of the recent photos posted.
The fries were fine, nothing special.
The shake was I guess what you'd expect for $2.99.

Good homemade burger join with hand-cut fries and fresh bread.
Everything is made to order and very tasty.
They have a huge selection of sodas if that's your thing.
I definitely will be coming back.

amazing food and drinks

I went for the Mexican dog, but decided on the Santa Fe burger instead.
My wife got the same thing.
Our daughter got a cheeseburger off of the kids menu.
When we sat down I was amazed at the entire wall dedicated to sodas.
Every possible soda imaginable!
When our food was brought out to us, I thought the kids burger was mine until I saw the next one put on the table.
The kids burger was humongous!
The adult burgers were even larger!
Thank goodness I only ordered the single.
Along with the burger came a mountain of fries.
One try and you can't stop eating them.
They're that good!
The food was delicious and well worth every penny and then some!
One of the best I've ever had!
I will definitely be returning!
Especially since the menu seems to have everything I could ever want on it for a quick meal!

I stop in every chance I get, usually for lunch when I head out of town to Vegas or Sedona.
10 visits ... plus , always fast, always tasty.
Check it out!

Great food.
Simple yet unique ingredients.
(Like fried pineapple ring on the Chicken Teriyaki Sandwich)  The New Yorker was great.
Really good Slaw on a Pastrami and Swiss sandwich.

Who doesn't love a good neighborhood burger joint?
I will emphasize the "good" and "joint" on this one because chances are even this little hole-in-the-wall will surprise you.
I had seen the great reviews on Yelp as well as the Phoenix New Times about this place, so I decided to take a chance on grabbing lunch here on a Friday.
I was a little apprehensive about coming just because of the proximity to Moon Valley High School (it's literally next door).
Lunch + Friday + high school conjures up images of when I and hoards of classmates used to go to our favorite lunch spots with friends during high school.
Worse yet, the place is in a tiny old strip mall with almost no parking.
Shockingly, the place wasn't busy at all and I easily got a parking spot.
When you walk in you almost feel like you've stumbled upon an old convenience store as you immediately notice the soda machines, the large refrigerator area full of soda, and even the soda six packs on the shelves.
Notice a theme here?
Yeah, they've got A LOT of soda.
In fact they claim to have the widest variety of sodas to choose from in the state.
As in the entire state of Arizona!
I have no way of verifying this claim, but I did indeed see many soda brands and flavors I had never seen before from chocolate to watermelon, to lemon, and on and on.
If you're a soda junkie, you'll be in heaven here.
But I came for one reason, the burgers.
They actually have a variety of hot dogs, gyros, and submarine sandwiches as well, but its Rocket "Burger".
I saw one person eating a Rocket sized burger which is insanely huge (basically a submarine burger sandwich with at least 4 patties by my count).
I wasn't feeling that bold so I went with a bacon double cheeseburger instead and got a side of fries.
The burger was excellent.
Hearty portion with plenty of cheese and bacon and their special sauce (basically a rendition of thousand island from what I could tell).
The fries were pretty average so nothing special there.
All totaled, the burger, fries and a drink were $8.
The dining area is pretty small with tables, chairs and a couple of booth.
But like I said, it wasn't crowded and I was easily able to get a seat.
I was in and out in about 20 minutes  Overall, a pretty cool place and certainly unique to the west side of town.
The fries were really the only big negative of this place.
Burger was great, prices are right, and the soda selection will blow your mind.

This place was great, probably one of the best fast food burgers I have had in Arizona.
Can't wait to go back.

All I know is.
The Hubs and I were hungry so I yelped a burger joint in PHX.
I was all Bae this place has 254 reviews .. Let's go there !
We were in PHX from Prescott for the day.
Got the Teriyaki Burger Rocket size and fries !
delishioursh !
Hit The Spot !
The owner even chased us to the parking lot to make sure we enjoyed our Food  Yay!!!!

I ordered a Santa Fe burger it was delicious & the chili cheese fries were ridiculous lol very cute place, it was a little warm in there but other then that it was awesome.
Defiantly will be back

Holy !##=.
What a great local sandwich place.
My wife and I had a French dip and Italian.
Reminds me of little family owned joints in Philly.
We finished it off with chili cheese fries, awesome.

What a great place!
Looks like an old convenience store and a perfect place for a huge burger and fries!
The soda selection is unique and expansive.
I really wanted to try three or four kinds!
The ghost pepper chicken sandwich was Amazing and the Chicago dog was on point!
This is a great place to stop if you are looking for a fantastic burger!

I don't see what all the fuss is about this place wasn't all that great .
I had the new York Burger it was pretty much Cole slaw, cheese, pastrami and the Patty but all I tasted was the bread it was a thick bun,  the Burger was tasteless and soggy from the Cole slaw and I just couldnt finish it.
Trash!

Burger pretty good the actual hamburger itself nothing special but bun sauce and trimmings all really good.

I really love this place!
Everything I have had I would come back for and I would happily take my friends and family here.

Great burger place for sure!
The fries are really good as well.
Definitely worth going to.

My roommate and I went to Rocket Burger all the way from Scottsdale to look for a particular soda only sold in the midwest.
We were surprised they had that one and a huge selection of other ones to boot!
Including a chocolate maple bacon one, and some weird flavors we couldn't help but snap chat.
We had the burger (I think santa fe??
) with cole slaw, salsa, and avocado.
The service was quick, and the burger was to die for!
Along with it, we had the cajun fries.
We will certainly be coming back for more!

Delicious!
I ordered the Ghost Burger and expected it to be spicier, but it was still awesome.
The Rocket Fries are fantastic.
I took off one star because the cashier guy wasn't the friendliest, but the rest of the staff was.

The wall of soda is damn impressive.
and so are the burgers, but they are only 1/3 pound each.
Still.
obviously you can get a double, but actually the smaller weight almost guarantees that they make the burger well done.
The bun was nice and squishy and fresh toppings were included along with the secret thousand island sauce which turned out to add a good flavor to the food.
Of course, the highlight is the soda factory and if you get the combo, make sure to add 2 more bucks to have it include one of the beverages in the case.
I ended up going radical with the pumpkin pie soda and yes it did taste like a lighter version of the pie and it was all natural as well.
Fries were pretty addicting too.

This place is very expletive good.
It isn't a place that's high end where their cows get back massages and pedicures before getting slaughtered and cooked in some fancy french culinary term, it's better.
Just when I thought their burgers were the best, I tried my wife's teriyaki chicken sandwhich after I swallowed my burger and it was heavenly.
We don't drink soda either but we always split one, vanilla cream is the best.
I would eat here all day everyday, unfortunately my pants are already getting tighter lol.
It's a solid 10.
Go have some please.
Guy fierri needs to go there ASAP.

I'm shocked by the reviews.
All of the good reviews are what led us to this place.
Was so excited to try it out.
Akward (not very friendly) people at register, the place was filthy, the food was not great at all and we tried several items on the menu (about 5 different things).
The fries were very greasy and mushy.
The food was nothing to rave about.
And the bathroom was disgusting.
After seeing the bathroom, I really regretted stepping foot in there and eating!
Not sure what the hype is about.
Will not go back.

I think this place qualifies as a dive.
In a good way.
Not much on decor and located behind a Church's Chicken which is very hard to find the restaurant.
if you are into different kind of sodas this is your heaven.
Not only different kind of soda for display but to drink.
Had the Eddie Lopez Single Burger which was a burger with Pastrami.
Was pretty good and a solid bun to hold the burger together.
The fries were on the soggy side which I personally prefer to be crisp.
The soda selection is second to none and really overwhelming but if you want to try something new and different this is the place.
Would like to come back to try a hot dog or a sub which both look great.
Overall come for the food and not the decor, this could easily be a candidate for diners drive ins and dives.
Good find and good food, I like these kind of unique places.
Will be back again

I came here again with my wife for dinner.
She had a chicken sandwich with a teriyaki pineapple sauce that was absolutely delicious.
I did the Mexican hot dog again.
Once again I was reminded why this place is so highly recommended.
The food was amazing, the fries have gotten much much better too!
Keep it up Rocket Burger!
I can't wait until next time.
There's just so much good stuff on the menu that I think I'll be busy trying something new on each visit for a long time to come.

The owners and crew at Rocket are some of the hardest workers.
The food is fresh not frozen and good.
We always get a six pack of soda togo because they have so many unique kinds.
The daily specials get us to make the drive down to visit them.

I for one, fail to see the allure of this place.
The reviews way oversell the food.
The fries are over cooked, the grilled onions that were on my sandwich were awful.
The onions tasted like they were accompanied by the scrapings off the grill.
I wouldn't send people here and the only reason I would consider returning is to try one of their speciality burgers that don't involve onions.
Yuck.
They do have ALOT of sodas to choose from to wash down the grill garbage.

Food was fresh and delicious, the Soda Wall was intense.

Aren't the sketchiest places some of the best?
I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak, and I was pleasantly surprised.
The meat was seasoned deliciously.
I would have preferred lettuce on it though... (weird huh?
) any who, the price is decent for what you pay for.
The only downside to this place though is that it's really small, and it gets crowded quick (beware if you have claustrophobia).
I'm definitely going to back to try their other menu items.

This is an awesome place!
We would come here again.
The burgers and sandwiches are huge!
The soda is awesome!

Seriously don't know how this place has almost 5 stars.
Ordered the mexi burger and it had so much condiments on it I couldn't see the meat.
Bun was so big I threw half of it away.
My patty was cold from all the salsa and stuff that was on it.
Also, I don't know how you can mess up bacon, but they did.
It was fried so bad I thought it was metal.
Only reason it gets a star is for the drink selection.
That was awesome

Absolutely awesome old school place.
Soda selection is massive and simply delicious hand crafted food.
You gotta eat here!

Only giving this place 4/5 stars simply because I wish their hot dogs were a little bit bigger.
Other than that the service and quality of food is top notch.
Lots of choices and very delicious.
Best fries I've had for quite some time.
Again, the food is very flavorful and if you don't mind spending a few extra bucks just buy the bigger sandwiches or buy two hot dogs.
I'm very glad I tried this place out, deliciously fun!

This place is rapidly becoming one of our favorites!
I usually get the bacon cheeseburger, but decided to go out on a limb and try something different.
Had the Mexican burger and was not disappointed.
Onion rings and fried zucchini are both great--might be a bit too salty for some, but my family prefers to salt their salt.
The topper is the soda pop selection.
I'm totally addicted to the butterscotch root beer--currently.

Cali burger is delicious!
Soft serve ice-cream twist half and half style!
Huge drink selection including slush puppies what what!!!

I tried this place because I was REALLY craving a good burger and because of the positive reviews I saw here.
This place was the real deal.
Good fresh tasting burgers and great service.
Had I knew about the selection of soda I may have planned for that but I took out my order.

Excellent local burgers.
You HAVE to come see the ridiculously large gourmet soda selection.

Rocket burger has the best milkshakes in town.
My lactose intolerance was cured.
(Not cured by the milkshakes it was some godly miracle if you're lactose intolerant wait until you get help) good burgers

The burger bread was soggy, fries was too salty, and the waitress gave my order to the wrong table.... but overall a good price, check in receives 10 percent off

There's a reason this place has 4.5 stars.
I am so glad Yelp let me find this place and am sure there are many places all around the Valley which I am also missing but have the hope of finding now that I use Yelp!
This is the perfect little mom & pop burger and sub shop!
The burgers are out of this world and my wife likes their subs.
If you check in on Facebook or Yelp you get a 10% discount as well.
So far of the 2 times I have gone I haven't spent more than $13 for me and my wife both!
And I'm talking about stuff like a double cheeseburger and fries for me and a large sub for her, good stuff!
Here is my first review of little places I found using Yelp, I'm sure there will be more!

Their teriyaki pineapple chicken sandwich is AMAZING.
And their fries are very good as well.
Perfect flavors!
I have been in Phoenix for work for about a week and have eaten here three times so far!
If I lived here I would eat here a ton!
And their drink selection is also extensive..I tried some old styled root beers and cream sodas!

Great lunch place with lots of options for a great burger, sandwich, hot dogs...And every soda possible!!

