I was excited when this store finally opened up on Sahara.
Being a 3rd shift worker, you don't find a lot of places opened up after 7pm other than fast food joints.
I ordered the Carnitas burrito bowl, which is pretty much a burrito with no tortilla.
awesomeness's like a mega salad.
:) I like the concept at Chipotle's...hmmm a Mexican subways?
ha ha.
The food there is as fresh as it gets and they also offer fresh chips and salsa (with the extra charge) along with what you order.
Surprisingly they also sell beer there, so who says who can only get a drink with your burrito at a dining restaurant?
Thumbs up on the liquor license.

Love this place!
Simply, yet delicious!

So yeah, I can eat here.
A LOT.
Fast, friendly and FRESH.
Not a trio you find in Vegas very often.
I like how all of the food they use is local, to minimize the impact on poor mother earth.
I like how the meat is "hormone- and all the other bad crap you don't want in your belly" -free.
I like how it is pretty reasonably priced, given the huge size of the burritos.
I like how the paper napkins have personalities and little quotes.
I like how they keep the line moving, and pretty much call to attention the jack asses standing in front of you with their mouths open as they peer with squinty eyes with the "I just can't decide" face.
There are like, 6 things on the menu.
Come ON, people!
I like how if you are a vegan or a veggie, you can still eat here and not want to slit your wrists.
(I was meat and dairy free for 10 months last year.
Trust me.
It's hard.
) But mostly, I love how fast I scarf down the food and feel good about myself afterwards.
Fast food that won't make you fat!
All they need is Wi fi so I can ipad here while I stuff my face and I'd be SET.
Yum O!

I frequent Chipotles A LOT, but this one has really pissed me off.
We asked for an order of carnitas soft tacos and crispy steak tacos.
The woman behind the counter was confused by the "soft tacos portion" and then when she understood asked if we wanted corn or flour.
We said flour.
So we got ended up with one order of carnitas soft tacos with flour, and an order of steak soft tacos with corn.
Wait, what?!
Not what we asked for.
It took three corrections and by the time I got my food home I realized, it actually needed four corrections.
She left out the lettuce.
Pretty sure we asked for it three times.
Won't be back to this one unless I really need to...
Hate ordering from a counter and making demands like a drill sergeant.
Makes me feel bitchy.

Probably won't come here anymore.
The past couple times I've came, the steak has been barely cooked and so chewy and fatty, it was disgusting, it ruined my whole meal.

