The restaurant is actually a bar.
Not a bar and grill, it is a bar, that decided to serve food during the daylight hours.
The food was completely unmemorable.
We will not go back.

Great place to hang out and enjoy great food!
Alaska Amber with fresh made food!
Must go....  Been there for all 3 meals and have not had a bad meal...

Not the Farmhouse replacement...I haven't even been, but I am going to say "it doesn't compare".
We had to wait a long time, we couldn't sit outside because there weren't enough sun shades/umbrellas, food was average for breakfast, the spicy bloody mary was good.
People were nice enough but its a bar atmosphere at the end of the day.

4 stars for taste...1 star for service... service is severly slooooow.
Be prepared to wait and wait and wait some more.

Nice ambiance, fabulous patio set-up, excellent server and the food reminded me of Home.
Not the home where I live and make things in the microwave!
I mean that OTHER HOME where Mom lives and whips up real food from real ingredients.
Go.
Try.
Enjoy.
Repeat.
Mac n Cheese is a Spoon Experience not to be missed - sliced jalapenos were a nice touch too!

This place is basic.
The food is not fresh and it tastes like it.
The bar scene is cool and the patio is awesome.
It's not HORRIBLE but it's not the first place I'll think of when I want a good meal.
However, I'd probably return but just eat before hand ;-)

Had breakfast there with friends for the first time on Saturday and was impressed.
Our waitress was very attentive and friendly.
We never had to ask for refills for coffee or water.
Sure it's a bar, but it smelled like cinnamon and was way clean.
We shared a cinnamon roll and it was amazing.
Huge fresh roll of fluffy with a wonderful not too overly sweet cream cheese frosting.
My country breakfast was very good except the gravy for the biscuit.
That was pretty bland...ok very bland.
But they didn't give us a problem when we asked for separate checks which is always a plus in my book.
It was also very reasonable for the amount of food served.
My friends and I will be back.

We have breakfast at the Groves nearly every weekend.
The new owner is doing his best to make this a place for "locals" to hang out.
The staff is friendly and the food is absolutely great.
Some times they get a bit backed up during a rush - but the locals don't care - we just kick back, have another cup of coffee and relax.

I like a bar that also has good bar food.
I do agree with other reviews that the service is a little slow, but I am normally not in a hurry when I go out to eat.
The Jalapeno Mac and Cheese is very good and Love there french fries.
Everyone is nice and welcoming.
I will for sure be back

Having returned 6-8 months later, and a wonderful breakfast with premium service.
Dennis, family and staff made this a very relaxing and enjoyable choice in Gilbert.
The secret is out, give them a try.....you won't be disappointed.
Walt and Kyle

After eating 50+ breakfasts at The Groves, I finally went there for Dinner.
This ISN'T your usual bar food restaurant.
I had the stuffed chicken (Chicken stuffed with a walnut sauce) ... it was excellent.
Had a seasonal beer Santan Brewery ... a perfect meal.
One of the better restaurants in Gilbert

One star for the bartender for apologizing to us for the fact we watched our food sit on a serving bar for approximately 20 minutes without anyone picking it up.
One waitress even brought it to us after we stared at it for 20 minutes and told us the plate was hot.
We didn't even bother with the food and won't be back.
This place needs some serious help.

I gotta be honest, prior to heading to The Groves, I was a bit apprehensive about visiting this establishment due to the reviews about the timeliness of their staff.
BUT, I've come to learn that the quality of service is in the eye of the beholder.
So- Here goes...
I walk in the front door and immediately notice two patrons up at the bar, two tables occupied & two booths occupied with customers.
The place was clean and quite whimsical for a bar & grill.
The ambiance draws you in and makes you want to sit and stay a while.
There were two young ladies tending bar & floor.
This was approximately 1:00PM.
I thought to myself, "Oh jeeze...
If those reviews are right, I'm going to be waiting for my food".
Well, I really feel sorry for those other reviewers due to the fact that my service was FANTASTIC!
As soon as we sat down a server approached us and took our drink orders.
She kept us engaged the entire time until we were ready to order and before I knew it, I had myself the best chipotle burger I'd ever had!
100% Angus beef with (SPICY!
) chipotle peppers on a soft & chewy pretzel bread bun!
Top that with fries and (another) beer that she had ready for me as soon as I was a swallow away from empty, and I was a happy customer!
Trust me, don't shy away from this amazing bar & grill!
It's well worth the visit.
Cheers!
Shawn

I was a bit skeptical after reading some of the reviews but to be perfectly honest, the food and drinks were great.
We got quite a few different items between all of us: wings, salad, pizza, hamburger, kids grilled cheese, chicken fried steak, chili, and spinach artichoke dip.
Everything tasted great and was presented very well.
I am very picky about what I eat and is food was excellent.
The drinks were good too.
I ordered a margarita and the rest of the party ordered beer & cocktails.
They came fast and were not lacking.
The service was good too despite the place being packed.
Our waitress was attentive and our plates were always being cleared.
The dining room is a bit small so if you get there during peak hours, sit at the bar or expect a wait.
It has really nice ambiance and is great for families.
I recommend going here.
Try it out!

Went on a Monday night.
NOT crowded.
We sat at the bar and the bartender was clearly bored...
This is a tiny place.
I can see why some people complained about it being packed...
So listen to us and go on a Monday!!!
My lovely girlfriend (she doesn't read my reviews as far as I know, but...) got the stuffed chicken.
AMAZING!!!
I got a small sausage pizza which was pretty good.

Horrible service.
I went in there with 5 friends.
I cannot comment on the food or drinks because they were out of every drink we ordered and I am talking about obvious liquor labels.
No Makers Mark, no Ketel One, no Hornito's Tequila...
The waitress acted like we were putting her out by asking for specific brands of liquor.
We left after 5 or 6 minutes and will never go back.

Great service!!
very nice owner Dennis   I would recommend the French toast!!!!!!!!
It Rocks

Went here on a whim because we saw it on the Food Network... Glad I didn't read the reviews first!
We had a great experience!!
People were friendly, they had a great selection of beers, and all the food came out in respectable timing!
We had appetizers and dinner, and both were brought out promptly.
Even better - they had live music going on.
And pretty decent live music at that.
Will be back for a pre-game kind of night.

As usual they were out of something in the menu!
Which is one of the reasons  why I have not been here in a while.
Somehow decided to give it a go and my wife said "you know they are going to be missing something" and to my dismay as history goes it repeats itself.
Very disappointing!
The food is great!!
Our server was great, the owner is a really good guy, I WILL BE BACK (that guy has us hooked).
THE THING THAT REALLY ANGERS ME IS THE FACT THAT I CAN'T STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.
BEST PRIME RIB SANDWICH....

My parents told me about this place and I really wanted to love it because they do, they met the owners and had a fabulous time there.
I wish I could say the same.
I ordered a Bloody Mary and asked the bartender not to put Tabasco sauce in it but she didn't really acknowledge me.
So when my drink came and it was too hot to drink, I reminded her that I had asked for it without the Tabasco.
She informed me that its not made with Tabasco, it a special blend of habenaros and other spices.
Okay, it's my fault for not specifying that I don't like my Bloodys spicy.
Whatever.
I ask her to take it back and another woman, presumably the manager, tells her to tone it down with orange juice.
So she gives me the bloody back, with OJ and asks me if I like it, I said yes because I'm a push over and I didn't want to send the drink back again.
Seriously though, it tasted like something my friends and I concocted in 5th grade from everything in my parents liquor cabinet - the worst beverage, something you'd drink as a dare.
The food wasn't much better.
The potatoes were cold, not just room temperature but literally cold.
I really want this place to make it, it has a lot of potential and I love supporting local businesses.
I hope they get their act together.

I would never, ever write a review about a place I have not been until now.
My parents went to The Groves today and were so upset about their experience (and they do not use yelp) that I had to share the lack of customer service and terrible experience they had.
When my mother got her roast beef sandwich, it had a greenish tint to it.
After research the USDA website: http://www.fsis.usda.gov/factsheets/Color_of_Meat_&_Poultry/index.asp#10   I found this can happen with that type of meat.
My mother was not aware of this but was completely disgusted.
She told the server took her plate away.
When she returned, she said the chef would not and had not touched it because she should be grateful that his knives are so clean and sharp that it actually oxidized the meat.
After reading the USDA website, this does not seem to be the case.
My mother was so grossed out she said she had lost her appetite.
The server did not even apologize and gave her some attitude.
When the bill came, they even charged them for it.
My  parents did not raise a stink, they just left their money and will never be back.
I worked in the industry for almost 4 years, anyone with half an ounce of customer service skills would have taken the food away, offered something different, and/or taken it off the bill or at least discounted the bill.
Instead of trying to do guest recovery they chose the "I know better than the customer" road and have a bad yelp review, two people  who influence a lot of diners in the area who will speak poorly about the place, and a frequent AZ visitor who will never go to this place.
All for what?
A few $$ and some swallowing of price.
Oh well, plenty of other great places to eat in AZ.

Worst place for breakfast in Gilbert, horrible food.
This place really needs to invest in a real cook.
Will never come back, period.
We estimated that half of the patrons sent thier food back (at least one time, some folks had to send back more than once) and the smug servers were totally unphased, they must be used to it.
Save yourself the headache and go somewhere, anywhere, else.
This dump only survives on the overflow from the Farmhouse next door.

The decor is confused.
Is a sports bar?
A wine bar?
A Mediterranean theme?
Mexican?
Just amateurish and weird.
Seating made me uncomfortable, felt temporary and out of place.
Felt like at any moment the tables would be pulled out and be replaced with a pool table and bar stools.
Food was adequate but unspectacular.
One step better than bar food.
The waitstaff was friendly but unorganized.
I had 4 different people bothering my table every time one of them walked by.
Give me one damn waitress that visits on occasion and other than that, leave me alone to converse with my party.

Felt like having some pizza so went in on a Friday afternoon.
Arrived at 3:40pm.
Was told I could not have pizza until after 4pm so ordered the fish.
It was ok.
They advertise pizza on the menu all day.
Very misleading.
Also, cocktail was watered down and very expensive.

Just saw this place on Mystery Diners and the food looked good so we decided to give it a try.
Cute place, mediocre food and terrible service.
If your gonna have a Guacamole Burger on your menu, you better have good guac.
It was days old, brownish in color and tasted terrible.
Thank goodness the delicious pretzel bun and fries made up for it.
Obviously the owner's son, the cook, didn't care as he was one of the 2 in the kitchen at the time our food came out.
We knew it was his son by the obnoxious conversations he was having with the rest of the front of house staff, bad mouthing his father.
Oops!
The bartender was unattentive and took our order wrong.
Didn't know what the food was when it came out and had to ask the cook which burger was what.
She missed where we said we wanted sweet potato fries and had regular ones for us and didn't use gloves while making our salad right in front of us.
It's sad that Dennis takes pride in his restaurant and even after making an appearance on the show that the staff and food is still satisfactory.

Great family restaurant.
Their pizza is awesome (but you can only get it after 5pm).
The live music on Friday night was awesome!
Highly recommend it!

We had seen this restaurant featured on MysteryDiners on the Food Network last year and had been intrigued.
We looked for it a couple of times halfheartedly when passing the area, but it is tucked back in this quaint litte shop area and hard to see from the street.
They have a sign out towards the street but we had missed it.
We noticed a lot of really bad reviews, but after reading them realized that most of these people had NEVER BEEN INSIDE to eat here - not reliable reviews!
Anyway, we finally got in there this last weekend.
The owner was in there, he was absolutely personable, professional and checked in with us during our meal.
The wait staff provided superior service.
We had thought that they must pool their tips because of the way all of the waitresses covered down for each other and even when it was busy you never had to wait for anything, but apparently the don't!
They are just excellent servers.
There was live music when we went there and the guy is excellent - it really added to the experience.
The food was wonderful.
We had a pizza and then for dessert we had this amazing sundae with a foundation of a lemonbar and covered with really good vanilla ice cream and all the other sundae goodies.
It was so good that my husband and I decided we'd come back next time just for wine and sundaes so we wouldn't have to share!
This place is a definite must try.

Last weekend we left the Gilbert Farmers Market hungry for breakfast, but saw lines out the door at the places nearby, so we wandered on down Gilbert Road and saw the sign for The Groves.
After glancing at the yelp reviews it looked like no one had discussed breakfast yet, so we thought we'd give it a try.
We had regular eggs/bacon/hash brown/toast breakfasts, with the addition of some B & G and everything was cooked perfectly.
The coffee was not memorable, but not bad.
The service was also ok.
They have several really young gals working, which is fine, but sometimes the lack of focus is there.
After they drop the food, they should come back within 1-2 minutes to see how everything is.
We were fine, but don't disappear until it's time for the check and my water glass is bone dry because I've chewed up all the ice cubes.
The dining room is one big room with the bar on the north side, and I think if we go back we'd sit at the bar.
That seemed to be pretty lively which I always enjoy.
The only thing I didn't like about one big open room was the toddler across the way bellowing his needs for all to hear.
His complaints echoed through the entire room.
I see from the pictures there's some outdoor seating so maybe next time we'll give that a try.
Overall a pretty good first visit and I wouldn't shy away from going back.

My husband and I had date night and chose this new to us restaurant.
We pulled up and the building is quaint.
It is in a strip mall style building.
We were greeted with a huge smile by a sweet hostess.
We chose to sit on the back patio because my husband is a cigar smoker.
( By the way the tables are set far enough away from each other so his smoke didn't offend anyone and we didn't even have to move them) Alex was our server and also was very full of great smiles.
We ordered our drinks and asked him what he suggested for dinner.
He promptly replied that they fly their Cod in from Alaska and were doing a fish fry Friday and it was a really good choice.
We always try to get different things so we asked what his next choice was and again Alex was quick with another one of his favorites, the meatloaf.
So I had the fish and Nic had the meatloaf.
We were so happy to have taken Alex's suggestions, the food was amazing.
The fish was battered so this and crunchy, unlike most places where you get the fish and you are eating all batter.
You get roughly 5-6 oz of fried fish and you can taste the fish!!
The sweet coleslaw was good, if you like sweet coleslaw.
Nic's meatloaf was plentiful.
It was moist, and came with mash and broccoli.
It needed a little salt to us, but we are also heavy handed salt eaters so it was probably fine for everyone :-).
I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone both as a date night or even a friend gathering.
By the way prices were great too!!

We had breakfast at The Groves last Saturday.
The Eggs Benedict were super tasty and very reasonably priced.
The $3 bloody marys were a great deal, too.
The funniest thing was walking in and thinking "this place looks really familiar" only to realize later that it looked familiar because I'd seen the episode of Mystery Diners that featured The Groves!
We can't wait to go back and try the pizza (wood-burning oven) and burger - the pretzel hamburger buns look amazing!

Great service, frendly staff.
Food was average for breakfast.
Still need to check out dinner service.

The groves bar and grill this place sucks all I could hear from my table is a very depressed elderly man screaming at his kitchen crew and his servers.
I felt really bad for the staff listening to this old man scream and gripe about every little detail, although my food was made fast and tasted really good... simply because the disrespect I heard from a owner to employees this is not the type of establishment I want to spend my money at....not to mention the roaches we caught out our table

Went there tonite for the fish fry.
It wasn't quite what I was looking for but it was the best I have  found so far in the valley.
The hushpuppies that were served were out of this world.
They could serve those as a stand alone meal.
The service was good but it was a Friday nite so it was to be expected.
The only reason I didn't give it a 5 was due to the music being too loud to visit.
Next time we'll get there before it starts.
Great chow and we'll be back.

We live nearby and have given the Groves ample chances to up the star rating before writing the review, but it's just not in the cards.
It's obvious they use a microwave to reheat things because a lot times a platter will arrive and the food is various temperatures.
The final straw was a couple of weeks ago we went with our inlaws and ordered standard food (wings, burgers, and a salad).
If you're a "Bar & Grill" you should have wing making mastered.
Well, my husband's wings arrived and the center of them was ice cold.
We were told by the server that there was a party of 20 on the patio so the cook was just trying to get the food out.
That's not our problem, and undercooked chicken can make a person really sick.
So that will be the last time we go to the Groves.
Also, they only serve breakfast until 1pm on Saturday and Sunday, so if you walk in at 1:15, you're not getting it.

I enjoyed this place very much.
Had a great burger.
We sat outside, and the only downside was the place next door started mowing their lawn at 7:30 pm, and it kicked up alot of dust.
This was not the fault of the restaurant of course, and they took care of it very quickly for us too.
I would like to go back and try some of their other food!

Came in for some live music and dinner.
I had their Green Chile burger and my companion had the Guacamole burger.
Both were served on a pretzel bun with spicy Jack cheese.
We agree it's one of the better burgers we've had in a long time.
And our server, Cathy, was great!
Coming back for breakfast soon.

Went to the Groves for the first time today for lunch.
The breakfast crowd was just clearing out and it had been "packed.
" I could see why.
They have a broad breakfast menu and the food they were delivering to the tables looked good.
Large servings!
Susan had a prime rib sandwich (also very large).
Two people could easily share a sandwich.
I had the mac & cheese to put them to my real test.
Spicy because of the peppers, but very good.
If you can handle the heat, you will like the mac & cheese.
The portion was way too much for one person.
We both took our dinner home in boxes.
Service was great.
We want to try breakfast next.
This was one of the restaurants on the TV show where they do undercover work to find out why they are not making money.
It looks like they got their problem fixed.

Back for breakfast today and unfortunately The Groves did not exceed my expectations enough to get four stars again.
The $3.95 breakfast sign in front is definitely a bait and switch tactic because there is only one item I saw on the menu for that price and the rest was pretty expensive for what you got, or at least as high as anywhere else (no deal here).
French toast came with a ball of butter as big as a golf ball and a lot of powdered sugar with a sticky syrup container along side.
Nothing special but it tasted ok.  Susan's omelet was pretty flavorless and the potatoes tasted like they had been fried in something strange or they were just starting to go bad.
She told me "you wouldn't like this.
"  Our previous lunch was very good and we were looking forward to going back for breakfast.
The waitress even said everyone comes in here for breakfast???
We must be missing something here.
Maybe we just ordered the wrong things.
Not sure about another visit.
Too many other places that have proven to be consistently good.

I love everything about this place!
The owners are friendly and feel like family.
The pancakes are huge and the bacon is thick.
The draft beer is cold and they don't skimp on the lemon wedges.
Fish fry Fridays is my favorite!

Love this place.
A neighborhood pizza and bar joint with great pizzas and wonderful jalapeno poppers.
Not like you have had before.
The cajun wings were very good and the price for all was right.
Good music on Fridays at around 6:30p.

Guess what?
The Groves Bar and Grill opened a bakery next door!
My husband just brought me breakfast in bed.
The cinnamon sticky bun was soft  sweet and perfectly spiced and the ham and cheese turnover was a flaky, buttery masterpiece!
Let's help this bakery get its place on the map!
Yum!

Go somewhere else!
This was the worst chix fried steak I've ever eaten.
the meat tasted ground processed then re assembled.
..the gravy was separated and u could see the grease oozing out of it.
not to mention my over medium eggs that were over hard on bottom side and sunny on top...snotty eggs ruin it for me.
potatoes were good but no options to add onion or peppers.one half star only because service was nice young girl but not thorough with coming back around or knowledgeable about how food should be presented.
...I would never have brought what they served me out to a customer and claim that it was normal.
stick to the toast.

Wow...Still love this place.
Friendly and clean...the food is so not bar food.
Wood fired pizzas are to die for.
All the ingredients are fresh..crust soft and tasty.
Has the best clam chowder..lots of clams in creamy soup n just right amount of potatoes.
You can tell they use angus beef..great burgers and loved the sweet potato fries.
Service was good..my glass was never empty n I did not have to wait to be seated.. Great music Friday nights with Streamline...I will keep coming back!

This place is a hidden gem!
We went on a Friday night and they had live music playing oldies (but goodies).
The music was quiet enough that you could still enjoy close conversation without shouting.
We had the all you can eat fish fry which was Alaskan cod fried to perfection, a bunch of fries, and the most delicious hush puppies I've ever had.
The slaw was good too; it tasted somewhat sweet with a hint of pineapple and dried cranberries.
The service was out of this world!
It's family owned and operated.
One of the owners even grabbed us a loaf of fresh bread from their bakery next door to take home with us; only $3 and some change for fresh delicious bread!
My sister and her boyfriend joined us later on and they ordered the scookie which was a large skillet baked cookie covered in ice cream.
Yum!!!
I will be back for sure!!!!
Great for date night or even the whole family.

We usually come for bfast and the service is fast, coffee is great, people are friendly and down to earth.
I have dietary issues and they are always willing to help me out.

I have been a few times for lunch and a few times for dinner - great food and service!
Yes, they did run out of one of the specials once, but I think that is to be expected.
Very attentive service and I loved the live music on a Friday night.

Stopped by for breakfast on Sunday morning and was seated immediately when other nearby restaurants had lines out the door.
Guess that should have been my first clue.
All the staff was very nice and efficient, the food was just not worth the price.
The breakfast menu won't load on their web page so I'll have to do this from memory.
I had a California style omelet with spinach, onions, white cheese (maybe swiss) and avocado slices on top.
It came with homestyle potatoes and toast.
Pretty standard stuff.
It was o.k.
My 10 year old ordered french toast with blueberries and bacon.
The french toast was buried under a huge ladle of what must have been frozen blueberries.
My son didn't eat any of it.
I scrapped the blueberry sauce off and tried the french toast myself.
Not much flavor just soggy bread.
The bacon came out on a plate all stuck together in the form that you buy in the store.
Like the cook counted off like 6/8 strips pulled them off  in a chunk and stuck them in the deep fryer.
It was a thin cheap bacon and my son didn't eat more than a couple bites.
With my coffee and his iced tea the bill was like $25 and some change.
I watched as others were served massive plates of breakfast.
NEWS FLASH....we don't need these huge portions just GOOD food.
I have to say it is embarrassing to be served a plate that could feed a small village in Africa.
My son (or anyone else) did not need to be served 6/8 pieces of bacon.
How about 2 of a great quality bacon cooked well?
We have local vendors that sell wonderful bacon.
There seemed to be two ladies that were checking on everyone (maybe the owners) and one did ask me if everything was o.k.
as we were getting ready to leave.
At that point I really just wanted to get out of there.
There wasn't anything they could say at that point to make me want to come back.
It was not like I had an over cooked steak they could remake....this is their menu and they are watching the plates go out so there is not anything I could say except...meh, good luck staying in business.

As soon as I discovered this place, I was excited for what I expected to be one of my new local favorites...
I was slightly torn on how to describe my impression and experience but the only word that suites is underwhelmed.
It was not the worst I have had and not nearly the best but I absolutely expected more.
The outside of The Groves is adorable and inviting while the inside is eclectic and comfortable.
The bar, where we sat, was lined with what seemed like local regulars enjoying coffee and newspapers (I thought this was a great sign!).
If I based my rating on the service, it would have earned one star and I feel that is generous.
I have a great deal of patience with service  and understand  a bad day, chaos behind the scenes, being short staffed, new employees, etc.
I wish I could say any of those were the case.
We were seated for a good amount of time before we were greeted by the male "bartender"...then asked which drinks we'd like...then much longer to order...and even longer to actually get the food (you get the picture)  Our burger took almost 30 minutes.
Aside from our personal service, the bartender seemed scattered and was unsure of how to make a number of drinks.
Rather than asking someone for help, he sent them out and was later corrected by a server who delivered the clearly incorrect drinks to the table anyway.
I will be the first to admit that the more hungry I get, the less patient I become.
However, my biggest irritation came from the bartender complaining, loudly, to the serving staff about a meeting they had to attend after their shifts.
We had to hear the staff 'gossip' while we were sitting without any update on our meal, eventually calling him over to request that he check on it.
Unfortunately, it didn't stop there as we dined over the ambiance of their complaints through the duration of our visit, it was completely uncomfortable.
Two more stars???
The management can thank the back of the house for these ones.
Despite the long wait, the burger was OUTSTANDING.
It looked amazing and tasted even better.
The meat was cooked perfectly and was incredibly juicy.
The bun was soft and the veggies were crisp and fresh.
It was the kind of burger that drips down your hands as it is being eaten, perfect.
The burger came with a side of fries which I could have done without.
They were soggy and WAY too greasy; Yes, I know fries are supposed to be greasy but they literally looked wet and tasted like oil.
I don't know that I have every passed up a fry but I did that day.
That didn't even matter though because the burger was incredibly filling, even split into two.
I hope that the management passes this  feedback along to their staff, good and bad.
I have never been one to write a negative review but this dining experience really stood out to me.

Every year around this time my family goes  on a quest for a Friday night fish fry.
Having grown up in Wisconsin, where Friday night fish fry's are as much a part of the culture as ice fishing, brandy old fashioned's and  watching the Packers on Sunday during football season, I fancy myself as having a tad bit of knowledge of what a good fish fry should be.
So far in my annual fish fry quest, I have had moderate success at best--until last week.
As part of my quest, we went to The Groves last Friday to try out their Friday night fish fry.
They offer an individual plate or all you can eat for $2.00 more (we current and former Wisconsinites don't get these great looking physiques by only eating one plate of fried fish).
So I opted for the all you can eat.
This covers only fish, I'm guessing if you want additional fries, hush puppies or cole slaw, that is extra, but I'm here for the fish.
I was very pleased with the meal.
The fish is a lightly battered cod with a very good flavor.
It is not the overwhelming pile of breading with a little fish stuffed somewhere in the mess that I have come across on occasion.
The pieces are not huge, so they are evenly cooked throughout, however the staff was very attentive and ensured we always had fish at the table.
The meal came with hush puppies, fries and some coleslaw, all of which tasted good, but I wasn't there for the sides.
While there were other things that looked appealing on the menu, I had to stick to the fish, but we will definitely be back.

This place I terrible.
Terrible customer service, terrible drinks, terrible food.
The best thing I ordered was a beer and that probably because they can't mess it up.

I had been here before and wasn't thrilled for the most part but some friends told me about the fish on Friday.
I sat at  the bar which was mostly regulars enjoying pleasant conversation and unwinding after the work day.
Not being a regular, the bartender definitely addressed me much different and in a very sterile manner.
While I appreciate a hard earned vacation, I don't care to hear the bartender talk about her upcoming getaway because "this place is making her crazy" with the regulars.
Doesn't make a good first impression and if it's not a pleasant work environment it makes me the customer question what's coming out of the kitchen.
That was soon answered.
The fish, fries and slaw arrived and made a nice first impression based on appearance.
That's where it ended, the fresh cut fries were barely warm and extremely limp.
The cole slaw has no business being called slaw.
Shredded cabbage in a bowl would be more appropriate, no flavor at all.
The two tiny corn fritters/hush puppies were beyond bland and rubbery.
Now let's discuss the fish.
It looked good, the portion was very reasonable for the price.
That's where it ends.
Like the fries the fish was barely warm.
The fish lacked texture and flavor.
I am accustomed to a fish that has some flakiness to it.
This fish was more like Mrs Paul's.
I have tried lunch, fail, now dinner,fail.
I will be back to try breakfast and let you know.

Don't even think of going there.
This place is downright displeasing.
The staff is so rude, service is terrible, and some guy named Dennis (I guess he is a manager) was walking around as of he owned the place, giving orders to the staff and the most annoying thing is that the staff was openly talking rather loudly about what a bastard he was.
The food was very good although rather expensive and it took almost half an hour to get it in a half full place.
Staff was talking and not taking care of the front area.
Glasses were dirty and the fork was soiled and took 3 times to get a clean fork.
There is a bakery next door that I guess is part of the restaurant that is amazingly expensive, ( 12.00 for a dozen muffins) is outrageous.
AJ' s is not even that high.
I asked to get 4 dozen pastries made for a coffee meeting for my company and was told that "We don't do that".
What a Shithole!
What bakery does not want to make pastries for a meeting?
I will never go to this place again.
I have given them several chances and they will never change.
GO SOMEPLACE ELSE!
I really tried to give them a chance but Sorry, I will just not happen.

I went for breakfast to see what their sign on the street boasting a $3.75 "Homemade Breakfast" was all about.
2 eggs and toast.
The eggs and toast were fine.
I ordered a side of gravy as a previous post was sort of negative about it, now I understand why.
Salty doesn't even begin to describe it.
I told the waiter, he went back and took a taste test and said, "yep, he needs to make a new batch"   Overall, I have to cross this place off the list of places to try.
No silver spoon here.

We have been there a few times in the past few years on Friday for the fish fry and it was good each time until the last outing .
we won't be back.
We always enjoyed the hushpuppies ( had whole corn in the batter) and the texture of the batter they used to have on the fish was want we enjoyed.
Upon arrival we ordered extra hushpuppies and had the fish.
When dinner arrived we both grabbed a hushpuppy only to find the inside was uncooked and doughy, so  we grabbed another only to find the same condition.
We asked the server and she pleasantly requested some new ones, they were the same uncooked condition.
I again mentioned it to the server and she again pleasantly said Dennis .
(who was as the previous reviewer said was acting like he owned the place) would make some fresh one .
.well they were the same, uncooked or undercooked in the center and still pasty and doughy.
I informed the server and she said they were made the same as they have been for years and nothing changed.
.And for Dennis, he never did ask how they were or seemed to care.
Maybe I am incorrect but hushpuppies are or should be the same texture as cornbread, not this place.
Anyhow the fish wasn't up to the standard as was in the past and we will not return .
too bad 'cause it was a great place.
The serves was great and pleasant, but the standard of the food was subpar.

Staff was really nice.
Selection of bakery items all looked.. sort of blech.
Nothing that made me think "ooh that looks good".
We ended up getting a thing called a "s'more" (graham crust with marshmallow and chocolate on the inside) and 3 brownie bites that had frosting on the them.
They looked cute and I hoped they'd be tasty.
The s'more thing was "ok" but tasted artificially flavored.
I won't say it wasn't good.
But it tasted 'previously frozen'.
It was .99 though, and so I guess for the price that's about right.
I would say though, that for something home-made, I'd pay three times that.
The brownie bites were HORRIBLE though.
Bought three for a couple bucks (2-something).
They tasted like they were frozen without being covered appropriately.
Freezer-burn.
But they had a distinct flavor of garlic or something.
Plus, texture-wise they were no better than a box of those brownie bites you might get from Costco or something.
While I'm not saying it's wrong to buy pre made items and turn around and sell them, I do think it's a bit mis-leading to call yourself a bakery.
Plus, if you're going to do that, you should at least store them in a way that keeps them tasting like whatever they're supposed to be and not whatever they were stored next to.
To be fair though: obviously there were quite a few items we did NOT try.
They had a few lovely pictures of wedding cakes as well, that I couldn't comment on regarding quality.
So take this review for what it is, based on what few items we tried.
However, based on those few items (however low priced), I really don't think we'd be back to try anything else.

This was our 3rd wine tasting and food pairing, again we were not disappointed Dennis out does himself.
The food is outstanding and the wine just adds to the pleasure of the whole night.

Been here the times and each time we have felt welcomed into the group of regular customers!
I have a feeling once people come here, they keep coming back.
A REALLY great neighborhood vibe.
Oh, and the food is delicious too!

