Lines might seem long in the drive through during the morning rush, and many older locals are often gathered outside chatting and smoking....but the service is great....
They remember your name if you are a frequent patron and usually start ringing up your order when you walk up to the register.

I can't believe the experience we had here at this specific Starbucks!
We came here on Christmas Eve and received an ugly example of attitude that should NOT be seen from an employee and, according to my friend who is employed by Starbucks, completely unacceptable behavior towards fellow Starbucks employees!
Here's what happened:  We were already psyched to go snowboarding.
That psych just wasn't enough so we decided to get some caffeine to boost our psych to whole other level.
We order our drinks and my friend goes to give her "partner number" to receive her discount off of her drinks.
Another employee, possible manager or supervisor, side busts and asks do you have 2 forms of ID.
Realizing she left her wallet in the car back at my gf's house, she says oh I forgot my ID, and she proceeds to show her other Starbucks paraphernalia that ONLY Starbucks partners would have.
Now this "supervisor" was talking to her with her back completely turned away, and says to the cashier ringing her up, "It's up to you if you want to believe her" in the ugliest tone of voice!
Not only was the person completely rude, she did not apologize at all when my friend presented proof that she is a partner with Starbucks!
Complete and utter SUCK from this person!

Long drive thru line.
Gingerbread Latte tasted so watery I thought they gave me tea.
The Caramel Brulee Latte was so strong, tasted more like black coffee.

Normally we love the coffee at this Starbucks it is always hot and made correctly.
Today however after placing my order at the drive through I asked for a venti ice water, the lady responded by telling me I had to drive back around to receive it because there were too many people behind me......Really!!!!
After she registered the look I gave her she changed her mind and got the water.
She must be new...Still our favorite Starbucks, we'll be back.

This is a good one... Go there!

Drive through line is super long in the mornings.
Other than that, staff is always nice, and coffee has always been good.

Ive gone to many starbucks and i think ive found one of my favs.
I either do the drive through or walk in depending on my time situation.
But every time i walk in it seems they always recognize you or know your name.
Im new to this neighborhood but its nice to see and know that the staff has the customer service like that.
Good job guys.

Typical starbucks.
Cool place good service.

Love Starbucks, but this particular location serves coffee that tastes burned 90 percent off the time.
Even though this location is the closest to my home, I go out of my way to get coffee from other Starbucks that don't consistently serve burned coffee.

I like this Starbucks because of its convenience off the freeway (215) and the park is across the street walking distance.
This Starbucks has outside seating where no smoking is allowed!
Yes thank you!
Not so many chairs to sit down in, also it's sometimes bombarded by kids/young adults-- the library is also down the street which I like- grab my coffee and grab my local latest read for the month!
My only miss with this Starbucks is the parking!
It's crazy small and always almost full lucky they have a drive thru!

Waited 15 minutes in the drive thru lane with only 4 card ahead of us.
They we not apologetic, rather they gave us a few excuses as to why they were so slow.
Also forgot our receipt.
We are regular customers and were disappointed time around.

I am a gold rewards member so always get discounts on coffee..and food..This is my favorite Starbucks in town not only is it close to where I live but the staff are excellent it's also cozy to hang out with friends.

Good coffee, personable staff, and convenient location, but the drive-thru can be slow.

Currently still in drive thru line for 30 minutes.
No.
Joke.
Can't exit and blocked in from cars in the front and rear.
I'm too tempted to drive over the nice gardening next to the drive thru lane.
The only thing keeping me sane is killing time writing this review.
As I reach the end if typing this not one car has moved forward.
I'm gonna drive thru this gardening.

Slowest Starbucks ever!!!
Excuses galore and a snarky window person equals one VERY unhappy customer!!!
The window person even told me sarcastically "thank you for your patience" after I has commented on how much time it was taking this morning!!!
She rang up the wrong amount, handed me the wrong order and seemed frustrated with ME after I had spent 10 minutes stuck in that line!!!
If there had been room for me to skip that line I would have been GONE!!
I bit my tongue... Called the manager later and explained that maybe that employee needed extra training regarding her customer service!!
Grrrr!!!!

This is the only Starbucks I've ever been to that refused to blend a cake pop into my frap.
The employees are nice, but the manager was clearly stingy and claimed that the entire company changed its policies on the 'secret menu' (which isn't a secret menu, it's just the things Starbucks allows to customize drinks).
This is definitely the last Starbucks I would choose to go to despite it being the closest to my house.

The greatest luxury at this Starbuck's isn't comfortable seats, complimentary Wi-Fi, or premium coffee.
The luxury at this Starbuck's it is across Aliante Parkway from the Aliante Nature Discovery Park duck pond.
This is the Las Vegas Starbuck's by the duck pond.
Everytime I visited this Starbuck's, it was before or after the duck pond.
In the cold winter months, it is nice to quaff a warm coffee after the duck pond or to carry it to the duck pond and wake up with the duckies.
In the hot months of summer months it is relaxing to quaff a refreshing Frapucinno after the duck pond or at the duck pond.
When I walk toward the Starbuck's, I could see the 215 and Aliante Station Hotel & Casino.
As I type this, Aliante Station is in need of a Starbuck's type of establishment.
When the Starbuck's craving hits, this is the go-to location for Aliante Station.
The 215 is the dividing wall between Aliante Station and a cup of Starbuck's.
It is the furthest Starbuck's eastbound on the north segment of the 215 toward Interstate 15.
When I pull into this parking lot I maneuver through the infrastructure of a shopping center.
Surrounding Starbuck's is a modern shopping center that includes Smith's,  Arby's, Sierra Gold, 7-Eleven, and a gym.
In other words it is a convenient Starbuck's.
Inside, the lobby is always clean when I visit.
The lobby is on the small side.
This isn't a negative because I could turn it into a positive by drinking my beverage across Aliante Parkway by the duckies.
The baristas have been friendly.
I appreciate places that are upbeat and give me a caffeine boost.
When I visit the duckies at Aliante Nature Discovery Park, I will also be visiting the Green Mermaid-Starbuck's.

