This past Saturday my mom was surprised when I insisted on taking her out for prime rib at lunch.
So we approach the smallish, dark, slightly smokey sign that says, "Please Seat Yourself.
" She smirked when she saw the special Weekend Only price of $3.99 - it's normally 10 bucks, still a good deal.
Well,  mom you taught me the importance of good value for the buck, and this place is it.
The other awesome specials were Steak and Shrimp for $6.99 and steak and lobster for $9.99.
This place ain't no fancy rest-oo-rant, but if ya likes ya some grub fo' cheap, dis is da place, chile.
For less than the price of a Big Mac combo, you can haves ya self the Prime Rib special fo' fo'...well, ok -- fo' 3 nineteh nahn!
$3.99, not $13.99 like at second rate restaurants or $20 plus at the fancy tie and tail places.
On Fridays and Saturdays, this crazy price is the favored special.
Come early, and your prime rib cut will be large.
Mine was about a half pound.
And rumor is, as the day wears on and the place fills up, they start to run out.
Well, guess what...your meat becomes smaller.
That's just awful when that happens.
I ordered my prime rib medium, and so did my mom.
It came out perfectly medium, warm with just a slight amount of red.
It comes with a baked potato and mixed veggies.
You may get turned off by the excessive amount of black pepper the chef douses the prime rib and veggies with.
But scrape it off or tell them, ".Salt but no peppah here... please".
We also ordered sodas.
All told, the bill was about $12.50 plus tax and tip.
We each only finished half of the slab, neither of us wanted the flab.
So we took the rest home to eat later.
This is basically the restaurant for Lucky Casino.
This place is great if you love singing karaoke Sunday afternoons in Spanish, because that's what makes this place rock after the locals go to the noon Catholic mass.
English is the second language, however.
Speaking of tail, please don't be surprised if a few disheveled chica's de la noche, or Lady Marmalade shows up.
Hey business is down and even les girls get hungry and need to save money.

1st time here .
Very good place for the fam.
Highly recommended .

I live down the road from the Casino and have been eating here off and on for 6 years.
It looks a lot nicer since the remodel.
Not everything on the menu is good or edible!
But somethings are DELISH!
They have a SMOKING section with booths, do I need to say more??!!
Good Eats: 1lb Fried Catfish & Hush-puppies $7.99, Steak special $6.99, Breakfast Skillet $3.99, OMG, most of the soup is to DIE for, FYI the bowl is a trough.
OK Eats: Southern Fried Chicken, Fish & Chips, Carne Asada, Fajitas, Club Sandwich,  Chicken Fingers, Wings & Fries.
BAD Eats: Any hamburgers, they are pre-frozen (they did not used to be.
)  Biscuits and Gravy, they use canned re-fried beans, ask for no red spice on the nachos if you chose to get those.
Service here is hit or miss.
But just yell at the waiter to bring the check or you may be there for awhile.
We do miss the salsa bar, wish they would bring that back.
Yes the area and some customers are shady, but I have never felt in danger.
We have been known to sit and talk for hours with no problems.
We know the servers by name, feels like home with no dishes...LOL Oh and also try to pay in cash to avoid any hassles, they will not refund any money under any circumstances.

Almost as cheap as free!
JP  No seriously though It was my brother, mother, 2 children and my co-worker eating.
I spent $30.00 plus a tip.
My momma had the 10 oz.
cheeseburger with French fries for $3.99.
She was super delighted!
According to her it was delicious, fresh, and irresistible.
She wasn't to happy about the coffee.
(Nothing to mess up her whole meal)  My bro had biscuits and gravy I don't remember the price but I tell you that he inhaled it.
I turned to look at his plate and it was gone!
My little ones had pancakes and sausage.
Damien loves pancakes and sausage once he was done he waited because he knew that Natalie wouldn't finish hers and he would take advantage of what she didn't finish.
My coworker had Steak, eggs, and a biscuit.
I actually tried this plate it was awesome, the eggs were just perfect with the steak.
She didn't even finish her biscuit because it was a very large serving.
Of course I am very traditional I had hash browns sausage and eggs.
It was very good.
Over all the server wasn't very loquacious, which was good because my brother just got back into town from Utah so I needed time to catch up.
The negative: inconveniently located inside the Lucky Club Casino which looks so penurious.
Just don't let that deceive you because it is definitely worth it.
This will be the go to spot for breakfast.
Which is perfect because I live right around the corner!

Ate there today.
Service and food was great and the prices were right in line.would recommend it highly.

Stopped on the way out of town for a quick bite.
The service was quick and attentive and the food was pretty great.
Definitely felt like a casino, but not like a cheap buffet.
My friend had a steak and assured me it was worth it.

The chef left and they replaced him with some skeery cook.... after 2 horrible meals we have not gone back.
That was almost a year ago.

This was a pleasant surprise, especially considering how crappy the casino area is.
Sure, this bar and grill has the ambiance of a 1980's video arcade, but the food specials are very very good.
I had the steak and shrimp special for $7.99 (with players card).
The special included sirloin steak, choice of fried of scampi shrimp, baked potato, and corn on the cob.
For a special of this type, I will be sure to go back to Lucy's.
The steak was cooked just right, and very flavorful.
Even the iced tea was fresh.

Surf and Turf dinner for 8.99?
(A club member special, but most likely anytime as well)  Friends were in town and managed to rent a hotel at the Lucky Seven Casino ... small casino with an A-OK dining place, where the servers were funny and making jokes at each other while the other dining patrons stared off into wonderland eating their steaks.

My wife & I use to eat here every day 2 years ago!
This morning I brought my daughter to Lucys bar & grill she had hotcakes & eggs, I had the $9.99 steak & lobster tail they served it to me cold, I sent it back to be reheated & it was awful!
They told me they ran out of veggies & baked potatoes This place has slid downhill!
I don't see any familiar faces, its too bad but I almost called the health dept.
Avoid this place at all costs!

Came here to investigate their 5.99 1 pound Porterhouse deal.
Driving on the 15 freeway going either way, you cant help but notice their huge sign offering this deal.
Located inside Lucky Club Casino and Hotel off of Cheyenne and Civic Center Drive, Lucy's Bar and Grill has some decent food at ridiculously low prices.
As you make your way to restaurant, you will see big signs along the walls that advertise some of the other specials like 9.99 Steak n Lobster, 3.99 10 oz Ribeye, and 3.99 10 oz Hamburger.
Me and the wifey are greeted and shown to our table.
Since my wife had dinner already, I went ahead and got the Porterhouse deal.
Came out in about 10 minutes.
If you refer to my pic, it does look like a legit 1 pounder.
The taste?
It was ok.
They don't put any spices on it or anything.
I asked for it medium rare.
I got it more medium well.
I didn't want to hassle with asking for another steak so I just ate it since it was still kind of decent.
It came with a baked potato and a small corn on the cob.
The baked potato was actually pretty good loaded with butter and sour cream.
The corn, well it sucked.
like it was overcooked by leaving it in the microwave too long.
Service was good.
The guy got our order, brought it out, and gave us refills.
I really didn't need to ask for anything.
Some negatives.
If you refer to my review of the casino itself, then you will understand this next part.
The café itself has a bar situated in the middle towards the back.
You have booths lined up all along the walls.
Of course you can smoke if you are at the bar.
What really bothered me was that it didn't matter where you sat in the whole entire café, if anybody was smoking at the bar, you are inhaling second hand smoke guaranteed.
The casino that its in is 24 hours but the café is not.
Also, last time I was here, you needed a player card to get the advertised price.
When I paid for the bill, I handed him my player card to get the meal deal price.
He said that it wasn't necessary.
Last time I ate here, they made me get a player card to get the quoted price but this time I don't need it?
Come on guys, lets get some consistency going here!
So in closing, this is the kind of place that "You get what you pay for" in the end.
The meal deals are good, but you gotta deal with negative elements to get it.
Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #72

