To be honest, it does suck that in Las Vegas and pretty much anywhere else in the television viewing world we live in, we are either stuck with cable or satalitte.
After having both, I would take cable any day of the week over the folks at Direct-TV.
Mainly because of the fact I do not need a tacky dish mounted to the back of my house and if the weather goes to hell, my TV and internet is not as affected.
Anyway, now that is out of the way, on to my review of Cox's office on Stephanie in Henderson.
Over the last few days, I noticed a funny noise coming from my DVR box... after spending the last few years of my life on the road as a techie, I deduced that the hard drive was going out on the unit and needed to swap it out........Fast forward to today and after a quick drive down to their Stephanie store, I was able to swap out the box and my remote in under 5 minutes with hardly any questions.
Now that is customer service at it's finest!
Good times to the monopoly known as Cox!
At least your customer service is pretty good even if your prices are not.

lucky brad got in and out within 5 mins,as I was not so lucky, granted it was around 12:30 ish,lunch time for some,, but they only had 2 1/2 clerks, why I said 2 1/2,the 1/2 person only took payment, which I believe when the drive up window is free,she comes out to help..
But most of the people waiting in the lobby were returning or exchanging , or had issue with their accounts,, it took me over 35 mins just to return 3 boxes(you pay $10 a month each for this cable box tuner),yes it may pick up more channels,but when you really notice what channels you watch it is just the ones your newer tv or hdtv can get w/o this box..
So therefore no more paying for tv boxes you do not need??

dealing with the employees on the telephones and receiving urgent notices about my services seems to be going down hill..
Overall when the service is working it works great,,but just trying to get it off of vacation hold, was a pain in the butt.. Never had an issues yrs ago, maybe they have new staff,,funny the left hand doesn't know what the right hand send out and/or said???
As we got a urgent notice in the mail,saying payment is overdue,but when you go to the 'my account' online it is current and speaking to ta rep, he claims no notice was sent???
lame?

Hmmmm...trying to think of anything positive to say about Cox Cable.
Nope, can't think of it.
We have had horrible customer service and when we went to cancel they would not let us choose a date until we returned the equipment.
Weird.
Usually you can cancel then return the equipment after or be charged for it.
They tried to make it almost impossible to leave....very Twilight Zone.
I guess the thing that bothers me the most is that they really do not care how long you have been a costomer of yours or even try to retain you.
Their price has gone up every year as well while other companies have come down in price.
Of course, after we cancelled our service they called and tried to offer us a better deal.
Isn't that a little to little to late.
Like bringing flowers home AFTER your wife moves out.
Hahahahah!
Sorry Cox, had to kick you out - flowers or not....we just were not working out!

Another rate increase..great!
Just what I needed a bigger cable bill.
I am so over Cox right now but its them or satellite so I stick with them even though I hate them.
And they have horrible customer service.
Ok..I vented.

Just moved to the area and had Cox installed yesterday following a short, yet hellish stint with Clear as my ISP provider.
So far, so good.
Praise Jesus.
I am able to stream my netflix through my Wii and surf the net on my laptop simultaneously with no interruptions.
The installer was fast, friendly, and knowledgeable.
All aspects of the service have been so much better than what I experienced at Clear (see my review).

Unfortunately, this is your best bet when it comes to internet service.
DSL and wireless 4G speeds don't come close (especially when it comes to upload speeds).
Additionally, wireless 4G has problems with penetration; it will work fine outside but has signal problems inside.
As for television alternatives (satellite and century link), you can do okay.
I'm sort of stuck with cox at the moment since I am a padres fan and they are only shown on cox.
Recently I moved my service from one cox serviced location to another.
I signed up for the move on cox's website.
They were pretty deceptive when it came to the installation method.
The default method was "self install" which would cost $20.
If I wasn't curious, I wouldn't have clicked on "full install" and learned that method would be free.
Had I not been curious I would just assume that the self install was cheaper and I would have ordered that.
It started to get close to the day I had requested installation and I had no confirmation that they would come.
I called, and a good thing I did.
They had somehow lost my order and I never got installation scheduled.
Over the phone I scheduled installation for 5-7pm on a Tuesday.
On Tuesday nobody arrived or called.
I called Cox.
Cox said that someone arrived at 4:30.
Customer Service Rep tried to tell me that my appointment was 3-5pm, which it was not.
When I attempted to reschedule I was told I could not get a 5-7pm window because of the complexity of my install.
Complex?
I had a 5-7pm window before and just a few days ago they were offering self install.
Anyways, It took a week before I could get someone to install.
Install was completed under 30 minutes.
I just wish I didn't have to call Cox every other day and light a fire under their butts.
When the padres tv deal changes next year I am probably leaving cox for satellite tv.
Unfortunately I'll likely stick with cox for internet though.

If I could make it a ZERO i would!!!

This is an evil, evil company.
The cable wasn't installed correctly the first time, which resulted in another salesperson having to pay me a visit to do the job correctly.
THEN I was charged twice for installation!
Yeah right.
I wasn't having that.
That was the first of many times I have had to call Cox and complain.
I have been charged for things I haven't done and services I haven't used.
My rates have gone up several times without warning.
Once I even got someone ELSE'S BILL with my name on it.
THAT took a long time on the phone to figure out, let me tell ya.
I routinely don't receive my bill (online or in paper form) until right before it's due.
Is this REALLY the best Vegas has to offer?

I wouldn't even give them 1 star, this is the worst company I've ever done business with!
They tryed to charge me for service that they couldn't properly instal for a month, they ripped up my carpet to make the wiring "look nice" without my knowledge or approval and they think everything's a fuckin joke.
Worst communication skills I've ever delt with nobody knows anything!
If u have a problem with them and they say they're going to return ur phone call stop all together right there.
It's not worth your time or the hassle.

I was not happy when I came into the Cox store to find they have a new system for checking in.
I don't know how old it is, it may be years old, but I haven't been in awhile.
Instead of getting a number, you now just log your name into a computer and wait for it to be called.
I did not care for this because now you have NO idea how long it will be until you are called.
With the old number system, you could estimate based on which number they were currently calling and what your number was.
But, under the new system, you have no idea how long your wait will be.
That being said, I waited about 15 minutes to exchange a remote.
The guy that helped me couldn't have been nicer, so I appreciate that.
If they changed the check in system to allow customers some idea how long the wait will be, I would upgrade at least one star.

COX, You stood me up.
I'm hurt.
I stayed in this unhealthy relationship because you said you would try your best.
Then, you stand me up.
Yes, I've been waiting for 2 hours, only to find out, no one is coming.
I guess I made the mistake.
There has to be a support group.
I feel so, so empty.
Why doesn't anybody care?
WHY????
Maybe you'll show up next week....maybe?

Cox sucks, they have horrible customer service they don't do what they say their going to do.
they lie about rates or they don't know what their doing.
Will not ever start service with them again.

I have to say that RYAN TROMBLEY has changed my mind about Cox.
He was on time, knowledgeable and courteous.
He took the time to explain why I might be having the problems and what he was doing to rectify them.
Then, he checked to make sure EVERYTHING was working properly before he left.
I was shocked.
And, of course very pleased.
He called later that evening to see if everything was alright because he had run into a similar problem at a nearby home and wanted me to be aware that Cox was in the process of fixing it.
I was on hold with Cox when he called.
I hope his Supervisors see this, he is a young man with a tremendous work ethic.
I hope I can request him in the future.
Let's hope my bill isn't a complete disaster.
Great experience!!
Entirely because of him.
p.s.
Everything is still working.
Thank you again Ryan.

We came to replace our internet modem and only had to wait about 5 minutes before we met with the cox representative.
He was efficient and helped us with our problem... We even broke down our bill and got it reduced!

First of all, I don't understand why in 2014 cable and internet providers are allowed to have a monopoly.
With that being said, I went to this location to cancel my cable service and was met with an armature customer service representative named Doug who missed up my billing.
I went again to fix the problem and this time I was met with a respectful and well mannered representative named Charles.
He fixed everything Doug did and was very understanding and pleasant.
Other representatives should take lessons from him.
I wish I was a billionaire and have my own enterprise so i can hire Charles, he doesn't deserve to work in this s*it hole.

Cox us the worst company I have ever tried to do business with!
They give you incorrect quotes, don't call you back when they say they will, stupid customer service people who shouldn't be allowed to talk on the phone, and don't know how to transfer calls.
I can't wait to find another service.

