Firetrap is the sort of place that I didn't think was anything special.
I always thought it was a but odd to be in Multrees Walk - the Oxford Street (ish) of Edinburgh.
I was wrong!
I should have given this shop more credit.
For some reason I always thought it was a bit chavvy, and only sold jeans.
But alas!
It has brilliant summer dresses and really cool tops.
It's quite an edgy shop, very rock n roll and almost gothic themes.
I bought a beautiful summer dress here last year for a really decent price.
Some of the stuff is really expensive, roughly around £60 for a dress, but they have a great discount scheme and I was given a 20% discount card, just because I asked!
the shop is really trendy too.
It's a bit dark, but it's big enough and has quite good decor.
The staff are really friendly too and there are always really cool window displays.
Firetrap is fast becoming one of my favourite shops in the city!

I thought they'd stopped making Firetrap stuff years ago.
I like this store more or less entirely for nostalgic reasons.
Round about my mid teens, I had blond streaks in my hair and was an even more loathsome individual than I am today.
I also quite liked Firetrap t-shirts, with particular favourites being one I had with a slightly offensive manga print on it, and another, far nicer one with a sumo wrestler.
I've possibly still got the latter one in a drawer somewhere.
Anyway, they've not moved on a lot since then, and the odds of me ever buying another Firetrap garment are no more than 0%, but for a trip down memory lane, this shop ticks the boxes.

Multrees walk admittedly is not my shopping scene.
Yes I do come here occasionally for window shopping but nothing really more than that.
Firetrap was a pleasant surprise- it has a wide selection of street- clothing, the type of stuff that looks cool on most people and can be dressed up or down (although it's more of the scruffy street yet cool look they are going for).
Prices are OK- this really depends on your budget- although compared to the other expensive brands around it feels reasonable.

I have to agree with the other reviewers, Firetrap definitely does not fit in with the other shops on Multrees Walk, it's just not glamorous enough and I didn't even realise Firetrap still existed.
In my teens I used to get the odd Firetrap piece from USC but I've since thrown it all out.
I find the clothing here tries too hard to be cool and it just doesn't work, plus most of the garments seem really badly made, not eve lasting a couple of washes.
It reminds me of Allsaints where the clothing is also poorly made but the price tag begs to differ.
The clothin in Firetrap is boring, cheap looking and not my thing at all.
In fact, I don't know anyone who shops here and I wouldn't recommend any of the clothing to anyone.

