Recently I returned my Penske truck to this location after a long move from the midwest back to Peoria, Az.
The representative was professional, clean cut and helpful.
The lobby was clean, professional and cool.
After a nightmare move where the Penske representative lied to us and was not very helpful, it was refreshing to work with a professional who was helpful and representated Penske and his business well.
I was impressed.

My Grandma turned 89 in November and in December, was "gently" side swiped by an 18 year old driving in Sun City.
Long story short, her car finally ended up at LPCC.
Todd and Ally(sp?
) were compassionate, helpful, patient and kind in working with my Grandma, the insurance company of the other driver, my Grandma's caretaker, Hertz, and the list goes on and on.
Most of all, they did great work and were able to get Grandma's 2003 Toyota Corolla with a whopping 18K miles on it looking like new.
I would have my car sent here any time I had an issue-my fault or not and they were simply an awesome company and people to have worked with to get things situated for my Gram.

I couldn't be more impressed with this company.
They did the job, juggled the insurance, helped with my rental car, all of it.
The people I worked with, specifically Todd, were helpful and frank, which says a lot about the honesty and character of this company.
The receptionist was especially friendly.
My car came back looking much better than when I left it.
It was even cleaned inside and out!
Who does that?
If I should ever need them again, I know where to go.

Great place family owned...
They did excellent work on my fusion.
It's brand new again!!!
Thanks Matt you run a great auto body shop.
No problems, no headaches just quality work with a fast turn around.
Lake pleasant auto just get it done!

I dont write many reviews but feel this one was worth people knowing about.
Ally and Matt are the owners  I cant say enough .
It was so surprising too see how helpful this place was from the beginning to the end .
They have rental facility right on property .
so convienent .
I hope I dont have to go back ( Meaning I dont get in a wreck ) But if I have to I will definately go back to them..
Highly recommend !!

The best auto body shop I have ever been to.
Matt & Ally are the owners and and they treat their customers as family.
The person I work with is Todd.
He is just great and his professionalism is number one.
Always their to help you with your needs.
Thank you Todd for helping me.
You went way beyond the call of duty in making sure I was a happy customer.
I have no hesitation is recommending Lake Pleasant Collision Center  to anyone I meet.
Matt, Ally and Todd are the beacon of integrity and humanity in an insane world where the business norm seems to be the opposite.
In an age  where customer service has been forgotten Matt, Ally and Todd  are the exception and I love it.
Their work, no matter what it is, is top of the line.
Thanks so very much  for being a shop that values trust...   Ray Gonella

