Who doesn't want to lug around a huge tube of frozen drink around Vegas, I mean, that's what you're there for right?
Luckily, there was one so close to our hotel!
Fat Tuesdays offers different varieties of frozen drinks and jello shots.
You get a huge funnel tube of drinks varying in different sizes.
The smallest one will def give u a good buzz, but it all depends on which flavor you get, ranging from mango, strawberry octaine, etc.
You can even mix them and they have a menu showing you their recommendations.
I ordered mango and starberry mixed.
They'll fill your tube up one after the other creating a nice effect and flavor pattern.
You're offered an additional shot, which they'll plug into the top of your drink, but you don't really need it.
Whats great is the first round is $18, and you can keep bringing your tube back for a $9 refill!!
That's probably one of hte cheapest drinks in Vegas.
The $1 shots are super strong n taste super gross, haha.
Good value for your money.

Love this place!
Great drinks, great prices, and even better refill prices.
Live it up and get an extra shot.
All hail the holy cup of Fat Tuesdays.

so apparently that long 22 oz bottle has 5 shots of alcohol in it?
well i didn't know that until i found myself somehow stumbling and slurring while watching the talking statues at ceasar's palace looking for a Little Ceasars because i wanted some pizza.
oh, and  i said "yes" when they asked if i wanted another additional shot.
cost me $13 total to get messed up in the daytime.
worth it?
yeah i think so.
i have this souvenir cup that i'm never gonna use ever again!
WOO.

Everytime I go to Vegas I make sure that I pack my Fat Tuesady cup, just so I can get cheaper refills!
LOL!
Don't laugh, I'm not the only one who does this.
Don't forget to pack your cup, you can get a discounted refill at every Fat Tuesday location and at selected other frozen drink stations!
Also don't forget to get you $1shot of choice!!!!
It's soooo worth it!

Which Fat Tuesdays is this??
I went to 3 of their locations.
See the thing is once I drink those drinks I tent to forget stuff.
Like what location this check in was at O_o  YES....they do THAT to you.
What would Vegas be without those cheesy slushy alcoholic drinks?
Let me start by telling you this is pretty much one of the only places I drink slushy drinks, because they have so much alcohol in them ;)  Bottom line, cheap, good and fun!
Don't even bother with other places, get your drink and I guarantee you'll have a great time.
Might not remember much but you'll have fun.
Oh and don't forget your extra shot for only a buck!

Las Vegas staple...you have to hit up Fat Tuesdays when you're in Vegas!
The cups are fun...from the half yard to the monster mug to the really big yard with a strap.
There are a few different flavors to choose from, and they give you some options on how to mix them up for different flavors too.
The 190 Octane is supposed to be super strong....
The line was long, but it went pretty quickly, so don't be intimidated.
Tip #1: Refills are much cheaper with the refillable glasses, so get that if you are planning to have a few throughout your visit.
Tip #2: Get the additional shot for only $1 more!

Love this place!
The eye candy flavor is delish, and you can't beat paying $1 for an extra shot.
The staff is pleasant and are more than willing to give you samples if you can't decide.
Make sure to get a collectors cup so you can refill...much cheaper.
I believe there are three other locations on the strip.

100oz 4xtra shots 2 everclear 2 of 151rum= a very happy customer.
Keep your cup in case you need a refill and steer clear of the others.

It is practically impossible to walk by this place on the strip when wandering Vegas.
The drinks just call to you in all of their poisonous deliciousness.
If you really want to be knocked on your butt, get the 190 Octane.
It tastes delicious, but be warned it is stronger than it tastes!
I like to save these puppies for day drinking/shopping while in Vegas so I have time to sleep it off before dinner.
:)  The drinks are reasonably priced and the portions are generous.
Also, the extra shots are dirt cheap- which may or may not be a good thing!
All of their glasses are souvenir style so you always have a friendly reminder sitting on your bar shelf at home of the day you blacked out on the strip of Las Vegas.

LMAO I have a special intoxicologist at this location.
He mix my drinks better than anyone on his planet.
Oh he never allows me to pick my own poison he just mix and stir and then he's like...Drink this.
That's why I have a huge love for Fat Tuesdays it's a bar and the drinks are always good.
Shots are always on sale.
Now...I'm not much for drinking.
But when I'm here I drink like a Pro oh I will drink you under the table.
While in line I start to sing my song I ain't drunk by Jimmy Liggins  The people who work here are kind and more than happy to keep you wet!
See me their.
I hit this spot more than I like to admit to and I always have fun ideas like now lets go hit the poker room.
I'm hot!
I'm on fire!
& just lucky!
And yeah I don't care what your thinking.
I ain't Drink.
I'm just drinking.

Thank you Fat Tuesday for helping me get my mom buzzed/drunk!
My mom is drawn to the yard long cups and requested two for the group, but we knew better and bought one.
We got the $13 cup that comes with a $10 refill when you bring back the cup.
Our bartender was sarcastic and funny.
We tried a couple flavors and ultimately chose the peach and mango mix.
The peach schnapps and mango flavor hid the fact that there was 151 in the drink.
Needless the say, we had a good time with tasty drinks.
My boyfriend got an long island iced tea and damn...they don't skimp on the booze.
By the time we got there the line was short so no problems there.
Yay!
If you see a little Asian lady with a huge smile and an empty cup asking for a refill...that's my mom.

There's a lot of these types of places on the strip with their own gimmick.
They sell generic weak daquiri's in weirdly shaped vessels.
You can get one in the shape of electric guitars, eiffel towers, etc.
but in my opinion FT's has the best flavors, and though it's not fancy, I feel like they're not giving you the cheap stuff.
I live pretty far away from most popular tropical places, so when I go here I like to indulge in the frozen drink selection.
Definitely recommend the cat 5 hurricane combo with the orange flavor.
Really, if you're down from some frozen refreshment just come here.
The other places have comps but FT's also has some premium liquors they can use to spice up your selection, and also a wide array of shapes and sizes so you can recycle the glass and get a dollar off if you come back.

Another item in my Vegas bucket list crossed off: walk around with a gigantic Fat Tuesday in hand.
As I'm always driving around San Diego I rarely ever drink to get drunk but as I was just walking around Mandalay/Luxor area with cousins and everyone was going to get a 48oz Fat Tuesday in honor of my cousin turning 21, there wasn't a reason why I wouldn't join them.
Fat Tuesdays are ubiquitous in Vegas and fits right in with the theme of Vegas being a city of decadence.
There's 7 locations that are perfectly spaced so that you're never too far from a Fat Tuesday storefront.
This is the most southern of the seven and conveniently located in the Shoppes at Mandalay Place between the Mandalay and Luxor.
A 48oz Fat Tuesday is $18, a refill of a 48oz is $14.
Like other people have mentioned, an extra shot is $1.
You read that right, $1.
If you can take that extra shot, I suggest that you do so.
My 48oz had a combination of 191 Octane (OJ and Everclear) and Pina Colada (Pineapple, Coconut, Rum and Vanilla Ice Milk) with an extra shot.
I was warned that Fat Tuesdays will slowly creep up on you so try not to drink all in one shot.
Had a little brain freeze in the beginning but I slowly sipped mine.
The taste of the drink tasted like a frozen blended drink, alcohol barely noticeable but nothing too spectacular worth mentioning.
Took me about an hour and a half to finish everything, and I was struggling to finish mine when I was starting to reach the bulb.
Even with a good fulfilling sushi dinner about an hour into sipping the drink I could just feel the effects of the alcohol creeping in on me.
I was still able to have a conversation with people as well as my No1DP on FB, but at that point I had to conscientiously think about what I wrote that it made sense and I kept on making way too many typos.
Even chugging water before sleeping I woke up to a rather bad hangover that took me several hours to rest and Advil to recover from.
It reminded me that the days of a quick recovery from a night of drinking were no longer possible.
Given the choice to do this again I'll probably just stick to the smaller sizes.
If people in my party are drinking this I'll happily join them, but I wouldn't go out of my way to drink one myself.

My Letter to Fat Tuesday's Corporate Office:  Good Afternoon,  I am writing in regards to the horrible customer service that was given to us at your Las Vegas, MGM location this past Sunday-9/8/13.
We were treated horribly by one of your servers; I believe her name was Jennifer.
This was the first time we visited your location and we were very excited to try one of your infamous drinks on our vacation.
Jennifer was the server that day and it was pretty slow when we came by.
Jennifer was the only server and there was another group of people there before us-4 young men.
Jennifer was very hospitable to them, she had even been chatting with the gentleman when we arrived.
My group and I waited patiently, chatting amongst ourselves while she assisted them.
After about 5-7 minutes, she still had not acknowledged us and was still having conversation with the young men while she made their drinks.
My friends stayed waiting for her on one end of the bar, while I got up and walked over to her.
I stood there waiting for a few minutes, and finally sat down right in front of Jennifer to get her attention-after all we just wanted to quickly grab our drinks and head on our way for our plans that day.
Jennifer never looked up at me, or even said a word.
The whole time I was sitting there, I started to grow very angry-I couldn't believe she was not even acknowledging that I was there.
I even observed her get on her cell phone while making more drinks for the same 4 gentlemen and she just kept chatting away.
At this point my friends said forget it; they didn't want a drink from Fat Tuesday's anymore.
Unfortunately, one gal we were with still wanted to try one of the Fat Tuesday specials...so I stayed waiting in front of Jennifer.
After about 10-12 minutes of sitting in front of her, she finally came to me and asked what I wanted.
I told her and she asked what flavor I would like, so I told her "actually it is for the girl down there (I gestured to the other end of the bar), so I am not sure.
I was just sitting here to get your help, but you can ask her.
" Jennifer still not moving from where the young men were, proceeded to tell me that she needs to see everyone's ID's and I said, "sure, they (gestured again to where my friend's were-a few steps away at the other end of the bar) will show you their ID's".
I then walked to the other end of the bar where my friends were and thought Jennifer was following me.
I was shocked when I looked up and saw she was still sitting there talking to the young men.
Finally one of my friends yelled to her, "hello, can we please get some help here?
", that is when Jennifer-your staff, shouted back to where we were sitting and said "I NEED TO SEE YOUR ID's!
" This made all of us so upset.
We all had no problem presenting our ID's, but Jennifer never even made the attempt to walk over to us to see our ID's or ask us what we would like.
Is this the way you train your staff?
This was our first time there, and this is how we were treated...we felt awful.
Not a great way to start our vacation.
My apologies if we were interrupting Jennifer's conversation with these gentlemen, but it is my experience that if you are working in the establishment-ALL of your customers should be assisted in a timely manner, not to mention with excellent customer service so they would be left with the great feeling of wanting to come back again.
This was not the case here and I am hoping that with my message, management would address this situation in a fair and reasonable manner.
Thank you for your time and I hope to hear from you soon.

Definitely depends on what you get.
Most of the time, it's really good!
It'll also give you a good buzz while you're shopping/walking the Strip/etc.

Tasty/cheap-ish way to get to a happy buzz while wandering the strip.
:) I had the hurricane in all its sweet, sugary goodness.
Can't wait to try more next time I'm in Vegas.

Well, it's Fat Tuesdays.
See my other review for a different location that I frequent in Vegas at the Planet Hollywood location: http://www.yelp.com/biz/fat-tuesday-las-vegas-2?hrid=0htSHka_xqJgYhbX9Uvsww#src:self  The MGM FT's definitely isn't as rowdy or friendly as the PH one but the drinks tasted the same.
Maybe it helped that I have a standard (190 Octane with an extra shot) and don't venture past that.
We were the only people there and the two bartenders (intoxicologists...lol) made us wait while they were just standing their talking to each other.
Mildly annoying.
I don't know how some crazy people can order a 48 oz or more drink...I have the smallest one they have (20 oz I think?
) and I get stupid pretty quick.
I had to sleep the 190 Octane off before the Tournament of Kings show at 830.
That may be a testament that I'm getting old though.
lol  Cheap, tasty, and the perfect way to get your Vegas buzz on from the get-go.
Just do it.
And I'm thrilled there's a billion locations now.
Woot!

Frozen drinks and a souvenir cup all for 11$??
I'm in.!!!
Many yummy flavors to choose from.
My fav, mardi gras w 180 octane.
I almost didn't see it since there were so many trees but its located on the strip near paris hotel.
I think a refill is $9 so don't throw away your cups.

I ordered the mango and strawberry yard stick with an extra shot of Bacardi dragon berry.
The prices was kind of expensive I personally paid a good $20 for my yard.
But I really enjoyed my drink.
Try to drink it fast so the ice doesn't melt all the way!

