This is a huge branch of Superdry, the biggest I've seen in fact.
It has an equal amount of clothing for both guys and gals which is unusual as usually Superdry tends to favour guys clothing.
I spotted a few nice tees and hoodies that would be great for summer nights walking along the beach but at £50 a pop I decided it was a bit out of budget for something I didn't really need.
The tees on the other hands were a reasonable £20.
If you're into Superdry then you will love this massive branch, you might not like the music so much as it was terrible dance stuff that was blaring out full blast.

Superdry stuff has perhaps become a bit too popular of late, to the extent that every male in his teens or twentie probably has at least one of their t-shirts in his cupboard, but it's still probably the only fashion brand I ever bother with.
Usually unfussy, with well-made clothes in nice colours and a hint of the Japanese culture I'm obsessed with, Superdry stuff ticks all the boxes for me.
This store is surprisingly vast, and stocks pretty much every single garment they produce, so happy shopping.

I must admit, where I was once quite taken by this brand, I'm now fed up and annoyed.
yes, annoyed!!
It's EVERYWHERE!!
The price is excessive, the clothes aren't that nice and the shop isn't especially brilliant.
Yet people love it?!!
I don't get it.

Probably a bit too popular now but I really like the shirts and the fit - not to mention the reasonable price.
The Edinburgh store is well laid out and I like it.

How could I have not yet written a review about this Superdry Store?
- Perhaps because in Britain they do look all the same.
Not a bad thing perse, mind.
I do like to browse and try on certain new stuff and yes I look good in them, saying so myself.
The shop is big.
It is in the style of an old barn, dark woods and 'rusty' trinkets all round.
The staff is usually aloof or busy doing anything, but bothering you when you're browsing.
I like that.
What I don't particularly like is their stance on "The Sales" - they just don't do it.
At least not in the UK.
No bargain section here, my friend.
For that you need to go online.
So this shop ends up being a massive changing room for their online services.
I like the brand and I have tons of their stuff, but 90% of that was bought online or at TK Maxx.
Still for being a cool brand and their shop's look and being the biggest changing room ever, I give it 4 stars

