With two toddlers, we've visited this one several times.
Always staffed by pediatricians.
The exam visit is usually fairly brief (it is an urgent care, after all), but all our questions are answered and any issues have been managed competently.
So glad this is in our neighborhood.

Our son had a temp of about 103*.
We were able to break it but it would go right back up.
We decided to take him to Good Night Pediatrics (Urgent Care for kids).
The nurses were nice and the doctor was very helpful, she ran a few tests and answered all of our questions.
It ended up being some type of viral infection that just needed to work its course.
They sent us home with some children's Motrin and dosing instructions.
Overall, the experience was good and we will return if/ when the boy gets sick again.
I did have one complaint and....In my opinion a nurse should not tell a child that his medicine is candy.
My son doesn't know what candy is but I would hate for someone else's child to take/eat medicine, thinking its candy because a lazy nurse can't find a different way to get a kid to open his mouth.

My 2 1/2 year old son has come here twice this year.
Once for a finger that got a door closed on it, and another for a respiratory issue and 103.4 fever.
The two times were both towards the time they open, and so the wait time wasn't bad at all.
Everyone from the front desk to the X-ray tech, to the Doctor was pleasant and helpful.
My only wish was that they had perhaps some toys or something more to keep kids entertained.
That said they do play movies on the TV and have tons of books.
Nobody likes having a sick child in need of relief overnight or on a holiday, but this is a fantastic resource!

Have been here several times.
It's good if it's a middle of the night type of emergency but if it's early evening (6-10) be prepared to wait hours just to be seen and then a while longer to get a diagnoses and prescription.
My kids have been sent home before with nothing and we have ended up back in our regular pediatricians office a few days later because they haven't felt any better.
So I recommend if it can wait until their regular pediatrician can see them go for that option so not to pay twice and sit through hours of waiting for nothing.
The nurses have always been super nice and sweet to my kids.
Good place depending on the circumstances.

Quite possibly the worst doctor experience I've ever had.
Dr. Halben was extremely rude and condescending; I wouldn't wish him upon anyone, yet alone a worried mother.
For THIS I paid $150 and got less than 2 minutes of his time:  Dr.H.
walks in the room.
Me: sorry, my baby is trying to climb under your sink.
Dr.H.
: (stoic and not amused) Well unless he's (my baby is a girl) going to do some plumbing for me, he'd better get out of there.
I pull my baby out of the cupboard and Dr.H.
asks: Why is she (correcting himself after seeing her cupcake pjs since he obviously didn't see her chart) here?
Me: Well she had an ear infection and -- Dr.H.
: And how do you know that?
Me: we went to a doctor in Colorado and she had one.
He prescribed amoxicillin but she's allergic so we stopped and I think she might still have her ear infection because she keeps pulling at her ears.
Dr.H.
: (started speaking over me at "so we stopped...") and how do you know she is allergic?
Me: she got a rash and diarrhea and her face and tongue were all puffy.
Dr.H.
: let me look at her ears.
(I sit her down on the exam table and he attempts to look in her ears but she is resistant and pulls away.
He LITERALLY ROLLS HIS EYES AND HUFFS so I lay her down on the table and try to hold her arms down while he looks in her ears and she is SCREAMING and KICKING the whole time and he is clearly annoyed.
) well her ears look perfect.
Me: oh well that's good.
Dr.H.
: (with no hint of joking in his voice) who did she get the temper from?!
Me: she's actually not usually like this.. She's not feeling well (and I didn't say it but what baby likes being held down on a table?!
) Dr.H.
: she has a viral thing that has irritated her throat but it will last 5-7 days and she'll be fine.
Anything else?
Me: no...
Dr.H.
: okay, bye (And then he leaves).
Absolutely the worst bedside manner I have ever encountered and I left a) skeptical because my poor baby's ears hurt, I know it.
b) wondering why the hell he is a pediatrician if he clearly hates his job and/or kids?!
c) pissed that I spent $150 on that!!!
A side note: Denise, the nurse at the front desk, was extremely pleasant and kind.

