I also saw the same show two days ago.
My buddy ponied up and bought the expensive seats for us in the dice pit ($115 total).
I'm not exactly sure what my expectations were based upon but I was just itching to hear all of the nursery rhymes.
He saved them for the very last two minutes and only said five or six of them.
The rest of the show was pretty geriatric.
It seemed that the bulk of his jokes were about getting old.
I'm not in my 60's so I didn't find his material to be all that hilarious.
I'd probably go back if the tickets were free but other wise I'd rather go see Carrot Top three times for the same price.

This guy is dirty but funny.
If you're going for a guys night out I would definitely recommend watching his show.
He was actually at the Palms.
If you sit in the front rows, prepare to be made fun of!
The girl before him was petty funny too

Ummm where do I begin?
So I've been wanting to see this guy since I was a kid but I was never aloud to, so when I saw that travelzoo was running a local deal for $25 I thought for sure I could talk one of my friends into going with me.
We arrived at the Riviera box office at 10p to pick up the tickets, show was supposed to start at 10:30, we were then hearded like cattle in this area that had no ventilation and waited for 20 minutes before they opened the doors to the "theatre.
" We were seated at the end of a row, which you know what happens next, you get passed by all the other people getting up and down for drinks, bathroom, etc....Well the guy that I get lucky enough to sit next to, stands next to me and ask "do you want my ass or my crotch in your face" (he apparently thinks he is a comedian) I ignored him and pretend not to hear what he said and I tucked my feet in so he could pass through.
He then sits down next to me and pretty much is sitting on my entire leg, I try to pull my leg out and he doesn't say a word, I don't know why he would, he is obviously trash, so 5 minutes passes and he then pours out his beer on the floor and it splashes on my foot and my jeans.
Now I'm pissed, I tell him what I think, I get up and tell the 105 y/o usher what has transpired, and instead of removing this jerk, my friend and I have to move, to the last row.
At this point I'm ready to leave.
So the show starts with an opening act, some female "comedian" that wasn't funny at all, she had the typical line up of "let's make fun of a black person, an Asian, a gay man" this has all been done before and her attempt at political incorrectness was awkward.
So finally Dice comes on, I have to say the guy still looks decent for all the years of smoking, his fowl mouth jokes still made me laugh, but there was one horribly scripted part where his wife interacted with him, please take this out of the show.
He saved his nursery rhymes for the end, which of course was the best part.
I never need to see him again, or the inside of the Riviera.

I just saw him Sat 10/6/12 with 2 free tickets.
My review is the same as Tricia and Jim review only 2 years later.
Same dick, degrading women  and bodily function jokes, for 1 hour, a guy yells out," You're not as funny as you used to be", he was escorted out pronto .After sitting through this, he was 100% right.
If I paid for this , I would be pissed .Nobody was really laughing, especially if you were with your woman.
The opening act was funnier.
I saw him in 1990,it was unique and funny, but 22 yrs later it was sad.
And the RHYMES, saved for he last 2 mins, were the same old ones you've heard a million times.
He went through them in 2 secs.
Save your dough, EHHHH!!!

Clay is a legend.
Don't go if you have a thing with morality; you know what I mean.
Curse words will be uttered.
People will be made fun of, even people in the crowd (usually by his opener Eleanor, who does a lot of observational).
Maybe this show is not for you.
Maybe it is.
Only you know that.
The homevideos intro-ing the actual show are strange.
Some of the people in the audience, who seemingly demand that the headliner be out at show start time because they have never been to a fucking show before, let it upset them more than anything else.
Bottom line: It's his fucking show and he can do whatever he wants.
From the homevideos, there are two parts that I can vividly remember: one massively impressive involving his son (you will know when you see it) and another sidesplitting hilarious bit involving Dice and his son.
I won't mention what they are because I am not the spoiling type.
His son Max is a decent opener.
He is probably a more talented musician than comedian, but he's funny in any case.
Eleanor is a solid opening comedian, who can and has headlined herself (Laugh Factory), and it can get priceless real quick with the right type of crowd if she is doing a lot of observational.
She will slay some douches and you will want to stand up yourself to clap as loud as you can.
And Clay is a legend.
If you don't like his set, well, I don't know.
Maybe you should go see that one guy with the puppets at Mirage.
- E

We had seats right at the stage, very enjoyable.
He is still hilarious.
However, Dice should step up his game because his opening act Eleanor Kerrigan was hysterical!
Go to the show just to see her.
She steals the show.
So funny!
I was almost crying from laughing so hard!

Saw him last night in Poughkeepsie after seeing his great performance in Blue Jasmine.
He was still funny!
Was wondering what material he'd be using, and he mostly pulled from growing old commentary, a lot of sex talk, one comment about gay marriage and then finished with his nursery rhymes.
i was hoping for some politically incorrect racism, but his opening act took care of that.
That guy was great.
Didn't care for Eleanor.
All in all, the show started at 7:30 and ADC didn't come on till 9 and the show was over at 9:30.
Wished he were on for longer!

Ahh, I was such a fan of this man back in the day but he's done.
Its just sad now.
There is a desperation.
Desperate + Comedian = Horror.
I could not wait for the show to be done - it was painful to watch.
Its over Clay - sorry to say.

OK, so I wouldn't probably have chosen Dice as a show to go to, but it was my hubby's birthday trip and he was stoked to see him.
Dice is exactly as I remember him; foul mouthed, politically incorrect and yes, offensive.
The thing is, he starts his show with like a home movie of getting ready for a show in his home town.
It shows him with his wife and kids and how he values his community, so to me he seems like a pretty good guy and the rest is an act - an act that made him very famous and packs them in so he sticks with it.
Chances are if you go to this show, you know him and you like his humor.
If you don't just know it is sex jokes, stereotypes and dirty nursery rhymes - it is all harmless.
Like I said I am not sure he believes a word he says, but he knows what make people laugh and he sticks with it.
The openers were surprisingly good.
His son was still a bit rough, but he has that good looking Dice Jr kind of thing going.
Next up is Eleanor, his ex-fiance and a incredibly funny comedian who pretty much just works the audience to create her act off the interactions.
I would go see her again!
Vinyl was good as a comedy venue (rows of seats and a few tables around the stage).
The waitress was fine (although a little slow).
The show was really, really short however (which is why I rated it so low).
Maybe 1.5h TOTAL, with Dice being about 35 minutes of that, so if you REALLY want to see him, just know you only get a very short show of Dice, but the show in it's entirety was good.
Oh yeah, and as others said, all the comedians pick out people in the audience to ask questions and generally pick on as part of the show, so know if you are close to the stage you might have a target on you!

We came to the Hard Rock to see Gn'R and when I saw that Dice was playing I convinced the wife to go.
Dice is funny and abrasive and insulting as expected, so that was a good time.
However the entire show (which included a 10 minute video ad about Dice and some special he was doing, his as a 10 minute opening act, and then Eleanor, another opening act that was up for at least 30 minutes) was only maybe an hour and a half.
Dice himself performed for maybe 30-40 minutes.
I honestly thought he was just getting warmed up by the time he was done.
Tickets weren't insanely expensive but for the $60ish we paid per ticket I certainly expected a longer show from the main act.

Diceman!!!
What happened??
You have the energy, the biker attire, and the attention of all those little kids who loved you in your prime and are now old enough to see you in Vegas.
And you have my money ~$100/ticket for good seats (Vinyl in Vegas).
But, your routine is dated and too scripted.
Your references aren't funny now.
Really, you are going to poke fun at fancy Starbucks drinks in 2014?
Come on, that is so 10 years ago.
Might also suggest losing the opening act.
She is too much like a younger and female version of you who doesn't have the right delivery.
She even told some of the same jokes.
Yeah, you still rock out the nursery rhymes, and you have a great delivery of some kick ass jokes.
But man, freshen up your act, make it a little longer, and interact with the audience like you actually mean it.
You will pack the house!

I had heard of ADC but had never heard him ;) so I listened to a short youtube clip and new this was not a comedian to take my mom to, so I invited a friend.
The first opening act was funny and I enjoyed him.
The second female opening act was pretty crude.
Then ADC came out wearing shades chain smoking and tore up the 21st century modern women and their sexuality.
I don't blame him one bit for leaving those shades on and using the smoke as a shield of protection while he truthfully spat out his horrors of ho's.
Comedians are like court jesters informing the king that he's naked.. what a great job to get paid for!
Beware paying $9 for a can of corona and $11 for a glass of house wine :/

ADC Andrew Dice Clay is not for everyone and if you sit in first row you better have thick skin and be able to laugh it off if you end up being a target.
Having said that we had a great time and both the opening act and ADC had my tears running and stomach hurting from laughing.
Well worth the price paid.

