Prompt service with empty theaters, what more could you want?

I love this place.
Never to many people.
Almost like having a private screening.

The place was empty on a Sunday evening.
No stadium seating.
Arm rests do not go up.
The only nice thing was that it was empty...

Neat old school feel, could use stadium seating, but overall normal movie experience.

how do you spell ghetto?in this case it is spelled A-M-C R-A-I-N-B-O-W P-R-O-M-E-N-A-D-E 1-0.i am used to the AMC's in California that have huge theaters, stadium seating, clean bathrooms, and have a sort of epic feel to them.this was the complete opposite.no stadium seating, bathrooms you wouldn't even dream of stepping foot in(no automatic paper-towel dispenser!ya, i'm spoiled.
).i came here because this seems to be the only AMC theater in Las Vegas and i had a gift card that i got when i was still living in California.i must recommend that you not try the hot dogs.i'm pretty sure i was served a hot dog that had been sitting on the heater for about a week and the bun tasted a few weeks older than that.the one saving grace about this place is that you will always find a good seat because it is fucking empty.i'm the kind of guy that hates going to a packed theater.for that reason alone i might actually come back here(still have 5 bucks left on my gift card).

I absolutely love this theatre.
it's rather small and quaint and since my boyfriend and I have been frequenting it for the last three years we are very close with the staff.
it's very 'old school' which is what I probably find the most appealing.
many of the reviews about this theatre complain about the 'non stadium seating' and how the arm rest do not go up.
it's very clean and the staff is very friendly.
it's never outrageously busy (at night ) but it gets a lot of family business during the day time.
I truly can't understand why people give this place bad reviews.
it's not in the "ghetto" as some are saying.
(smoke ranch and rainbow) there aren't people sitting at the front doors waiting to steal your popcorn money.
I think most of the people who give this place terrible reviews are those who live in summerlin and Henderson and are used to going into theatres that are attached to casinos which are of course newer and have more funding put into them.
If you want to go to a little theatre where it can just be you and your sweetheart all sunggled up together i would recommend this one.

I wouldn't call this place ghetto, there's nothing ghetto about it.
It's just old school.
No stadium seating, the seats are kind of uncomfortable, and either the film was wider than the screen, or they didn't pull the curtains all the way..
I have no idea what the issue was, but seeing the edges of the money playing on the curtains, basically cutting off a chunk of the movie, was kind of weird.
It didn't cut off enough to be a really big deal I guess, but it's a little off putting.
The place seemed clean enough, and the people working there were really pleasant.
The theater is also pretty empty most of the time, so if you're a teenager hating, get off my lawn screaming 20somthing like myself, you'll like this.
A quiet theater where I can actually watch my movie in peace is worth it's weight in gold.

I love this place!
5$ movies, heck yes!
So here yea its small, its not like micro mini but it doesnt have stadium seating which is fine with me!
Its kept rather clean and the bathrooms are also clean.
What I enjoy is that they offer 5$ movies on Friday, Sat, and Sunday.
It has to be the first movie of the day, but what a steal that is!
You can go watch a brand new movie for 5$!
We ordered popcorn once and were a little confused.
One they keep the popcorn already served just sitting under a heat lamp and two you put your own butter on it.
Ahhh idk how much butter there is in it when Im sitting there pumping it like a mad man!
Oh well, twas still good!
Its nice bc we dont have to walk through a huge casino in the smoke, we can just go straight in there.
Unless I go to redrock for 6$moves m-thurs before noon I'll stick to here for the new releases!

I feel so bad for this sorry little theater.
I've been coming here since the 90's and I have a sinking feeling it's not going to be around much longer...it feels like being at  Red Rock theater right before it met its demise...just empty and pathetic.
I don't know how they could possibly be making any money.
I still go here though - recently I saw Twilight and had the theater to myself and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and again, we were the only ones in the theater.
What I like about this theater is you can arrive at the last minute and have front row parking and be the only person in line to buy your ticket and your snacks.
Bonus!
I shall be loyal to the end!

Are you serious?
This place is terrible.
Out of all the places you can go see a movie in Vegas - don't come here!
This theater is terrible.
The only reason I am giving one star is because I have to, and I guess because my boyfriend and I were 2 of 6 people in the movie we went to here.
No stadium seating.
It's 2012.
Get stadium seating.
Tiny movie screen, bright annoying overhead lights, seats that are terribly uncomfy, and a sad little snack bar.
I got a Groupon for buy one get one tickets here.
I received the tickets in the mail and decided to see Act of Valor.
When I arrived at the theater I was greeted with the fact that I had to shell out $1.50 extra per ticket because I was seeing a movie that was less than 2 weeks old.
Gee, thanks AMC and GROUPON.
See if I ever use your services again.

This theater is very dated.
As you walk in the theater looks fairly modern.
It is clean and the staff are all very helpful.
But as you look closer one can see this is more of a bargain theater.
And that's great for some people.
At one time in my life $5 movies were very much appreciated.
In this economy there are many families that look to save money when possible.
Imagine a family of 5/6 people going to see the newest 3D spectacular, with sodas and popcorn, an easy $100.
The snack bar is limited, but how much popcorn do you need?
Watch the movie.
The screens are small compared to the new Casino screens, straight out of the 80's/90's.
My fat ass went straight through to the springs of my seat.
Lose some weight.
I do appreciate every other commercial reminding the audience to #1, turn off all cell phones, and #2, no talking.
Please just shut up and watch the movie!

This little theater is a nice change from all the crowds.
There is no stadium seating but when there is no one in the theater to block your view, there's no problem.

This is the worst theater I have been in a long time.
Usually we go to the Orleans, Red Rock, or Suncoast.
This time we went to the AMC.
Bad decision.
The previews stopped twice.
The temperature was just lower than the oven that cooked our turkey yesterday.
The screen (theater 2) was also just larger than my 50" Tv at home.
And the seats...
I've sat on more comfortable,  broken, lawn chairs.
Needless to say I'll be staying home before I go back to the AMC.

In the age of stadium style seating, leg room and recliners, AMC Rainbow Promenade is decidedly old school.
It is not a bad theatre really.
It is just not what I have come to expect from a movie going experience.
But I don't come here to receive the royal treatment I might find at a newer theatre.
I come here because it is more affordable than those other places.
$5 shows before noon?
Yes please.
I saw Star Trek: Into Darkness the other day at this very theatre.
The movie was good.
The experience was just alright.
Worth the price of admission.
I was able to see the screen clearly as there was nobody sitting directly in front of me.
That is a big deal at an older style theatre.
My main gripe is with the sound.
It kept cutting out.
I don't know if it was the theatres copy of the film or their actually sounds system but it was irritating and disappointing regardless.

Went to see Man of Steel tonight with the whole family.
Not sure we got to enjoy the whole movie though.
Not even half way into it my son started complaining about being itchy.
Then my husband then I and my other two kids.
We had to come home and shower because we were so itchy.
Has anyone had the same experience there at the Rainbow location?

Ok, so this theater isn't pretty or modern by any standard but at least it's clean and the price is definitley right.
Who can argue with that?
With the prices of movie tickets steadily climbing, this theater offers something that others can't: first run movies at a discounted price.
I believe average ticket prices here are $7-10 in the evenings, but if you are willing to wake up and catch a movie before noon, the prices drops to $5 Mon-Thurs and $6 on the weekend days.
Just be aware that there is no stadium seating at this theater...something we've all been accustomed to as movie goers.
But this theater never gets packed enough to impair your view or enjoyment of the movie so it really doesn't make it an issue.

For the price this place isn't bad we always go yo the $6 movies with my little one that way if he throws a fit there aren't a lot of people and he is only $6

This was my first time going to this movie theater and I had no issue watching a newly released movie for $5.
(Technically it was free because I had an AMC giftcard.
) The theater isn't like Townsquare's AMC and I like that I could hear the actual film projector playing the reel.
The theater we got wasn't dirty and the screen and film projector worked great.
No issues with the movie or sound like other reviewers.
For $5 I'd keep coming.

The staff here has to be one of the friendliest staff I've ever met.
Hands down, everyone that works there is so awesome!
I love it.
AMC also has some of the best popcorn ever!
The place is always clean.
which is why I say, this staff is awesome!!
This place is however some what old.
While I think the 5 dollar movies is what brings in customers, I also wish they would charge more just so a much needed face lift.
I think this place needs a face lift however, it looks like all the other yelp-ers don't mind the look.
I don't either, I just wish AMC would put some money back into this place.
I've noticed that AMC has two locations here in Vegas and both locations was something else that AMC put there name on it.
AMC is such a big deal back home in Carson, that is kinda bothers me that the AMC locations in Vegas aren't up to par to the AMC locations that I'm use to.
To wrap it up..
I love the location, I love the staff, this place is clean, and has a very nostalgia feel.
P.S.
Next time I go,  I shall take pictures!

The AMC Rainbow Promenade 10 is by far the worst AMC in their chain.
Their customer service is poor, the seating is uncomfortable, the theaters are dirty,and the general manager just doesn't seem to care about any of these items.
Due to an apparent misunderstanding with the ticket clerk, my 14 year old daughter was let in without a ticket.
I was given three items of similar size only to find out later that one of these items was the receipt.
The other two items were the tickets.
This seemed like an honest mistake on the part of the ticket clerk.
it was also an error on my part because I didn't check all three items to be sure they were all tickets.
What transpired after we sat in the theater is what really ticks me off.
The general manager confronted us in the theater.
He didn't ask us to step outside.
He just accosted my entire family in front of all the other theater goers.
Even though it was a mistake on their part, he demanded the $5 for my daughters ticket.
We stayed and watched the movie, but our comfort level was diminished.
If you care about customer service and demand respect from those you pay for a service, do not patronize this AMC.
I think I will renew my HBO.

Came 20 minutes early to watch we're the millers couldn't get in the theatre because they had to clean it still wasn't worried about that but as we came in the theatre it was still really dirty, floors were sticky as hell, and popcorn all over the place.
Not a good place to go on a date or bring family if you want complete comfort.

Not the nicest theater, the seats aren't high enough, makes my neck sore, but you add your own butter to your popcorn !
That makes it my second favorite theater in town!

This theater has been around forever, it seems.
I'm actually surprised that it's survived this long with the advent of its competitors and the luxury stadium theaters.
The b/f and I chose to come and watch "Generation Iron" here the other night, which was only showing at three theaters in town.
We didn't feel like driving to either of the other theaters and this AMC is fairly close to me.
Nothing's changed much except they put in new seats, which is always nice.
The theaters are small, clean, and, at first, no one was in our particular theater.
In fact, this place is not packed at all, so that's a plus.
My only gripe about coming to watch movies here is that there is hardly any leg room and I need that.
Fortunately for us, we found a row that was behind another row that had two less seats, so we could stretch out with no seats in front of us.
The seats don't recline, either, but you can't have everything.
I'm actually glad this place is still around and good to know that it hasn't fallen into disrepair.
I'll be back.

Went before dark on a Sunday, so the tickets were only $7.25.
The sign out front says tickets are only $5.00 before 6:00pm Monday - Thursday.
So admission won't break the bank.
You must purchase tickets outside, so weather could be an issue depending upon the time of year you go.
We had no issues, as it was a pleasant day with comfortable temps.
The staff was friendly and AMC offers free refills on large popcorn AND soda, which some other theaters in town do not.
The butter flavoring for the popcorn is self-serve which made it difficult to get it mixed in throughout, as you can't put it on as you fill the popcorn.
However, they did have boxes sitting out next to the butter which helped to split up the popcorn and get the butter more evenly disributed.
This was by no stretch a luxury theater, but the seats were comfortable and did recline slightly.
The temperature of the theater was a little on the cold side, which I prefer.
It was a little too cold for the Mrs. though.
It was a nice change of pace to visit a theater that wasn't attached to a casino.
Probably saved me a few bucks too, as there were no slot machines or blackjack tables to drop dinero on.
All in all, it was a decent movie going experience and we will definitely return.
Critics slammed the movie Grudge Match, but we thought it was good.
If you are expecting Rocky or Raging Bull, you'll be shocked.
It's more along the lines of Grumpy Old Men with a boxing twist.

not a bad theater, the rooms are less crowded than other theaters ive been to but the service at the concession stand sucks.
I waited almost 10 mins for someone to come out from the back and get me some popcorn.
I had to wait 10 mins to pay $13 for a popcorn and a drink.

This movie theater is less crowded than most which is a major plus but the seats are broken and it's flat (meaning if someone big is sitting in front of you, you wont see anything)..
I really wish it was elevated.
The customer service was great and this place was clean and so was the restrooms.
I do go to this movie theater often but again, I don't enjoy the seats... :[

Dear AMC Rainbow Promenade,    1990 just called.
They want their movie theater back.
Yup...if you've been here, then you know that this movie theater can use a make over.
I bet back in the day, this was one of the busiest, biggest, and happening movie theaters around.
With all the new theaters with reclining chairs, superior surround sound, and huge screens, it's easy for this theater to lack a little love.
Heck, when was the last time you've seen an AMC 10?
Aren't they usually AMC 20 or even 30's.
But you gotta love theaters like this.
First of all, there's always a deal here and the employees are always great.
And second, this place isn't busy.
Don't get me wrong.
I love to be pampered with the huge screens, plush seating, and dynamic audio effects.
But if you're out to just watch a movie, it's the flick and your company that makes an okay experience a great one.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (045/366)

For 4 bucks where else can you go to watch a movie?

This is really the side piece of movie theaters- you don't want to end up here to often, and you probably keep it a secret from your friends, but in a pinch it works just fine.
The theater itself is pretty old.
This means there isn't stadium seating, the chairs are not super comfy, and the screens aren't enormous.
What this theater does have going for it is that it is CHEAP.
A movie is 6 dollars.
Six.
That's 6 dollars US -not euros.
Compare that to an 18 dollar imax 3d ticket at redrock and it is a pretty good deal.
Would I want to see Gravity at this theater?
No, but I wouldn't want to see gravity anywhere so that is a moot point.
Would I take a date here?
Probably not- unless she was into slumming...which if she's going out with me she probably is, so actually yes I guess I would take a date here.
Maybe drop by Which Wich first if it was her birthday.
A few other reviewers have commented on the presence of loud children- maybe I just go at lucky times but usually there is almost no one else in the theater and anyone who is there is usually around 600 years old (maybe that was just Russel Crowe in Noah..) Other people have commented on the cleanliness- I haven't really found this to be an issue but I'm also not super sensitive to some popcorn on the floor.

Not the worlds nicest theater but it's clean and comfortable.
The tickets are cheap if you go during the week and it's not crowded.

Your typical run-down discount theater.
Not too shabby, not gross, but small and dated.
Surprised they have current movies out instead of second-run stuff, but they do still have 3D movies here as well (though it wasn't what I was there to see).
Didn't visit the concessions stand, but apparently this place has seen better (read: busier) days, as they have a second concession stand behind the first for overflow.
Either this place was once poppin', or they were optimistic when they built this place.
Somehow I've driven past several times and didn't even notice this theater here, but now that I've found it- and their $4 before 4PM and $6 evening showtime ticket prices- I'll likely be making it my regular place.

The Theater with a Heart!!!
20 minutes into a movie my son had a medical emergency and we had to rush him to the ER, They allowed us to come back the next day without charging us again and to my surprise also allowed us the same food and drink we had purchased the night before.
Not only do they have the best prices in town but their staff and Managers take very good care of the customers.
Thank you Rainbow Promenade.

I always go here, and never complain , but today there was two load kids, talked through the whole movie.
I kept thinking are the parents going to say anything to them , maybe keep it down.
To top it off the kids threw candy all on me , kicked my chair.
I was getting frustrated .
Finally the movie was done and the kids said movie is done and took off, to find out the kids at least 6-8 years old had no parent supervision.
REALLY REALLY.. C'mon parents be more responsible.
If your kids can't control themselves don't leave them by themselves.
I will go back cause it's not the theaters fault that parents can't control there kids.

