As it was a clear blue sky day we decided to head for Carlton Hill on our last full day.
It's a bit of a walk and we didn't find the entrance to the park until we walked around the houses a bit.
Bit of a walk up hill but so worth it, the views of Edinburgh made the fact that we got lost and tired from walking blend into the background.
So must more could the up here like a café maybe Would have been a great place for a picnic if we had thought about it.

If you are looking for a picnic spot in our beautiful capital city, then look no further, Calton hill is picture postcard perfect.
With phenomenal views of the city and Leith you can also enjoy marvelling at the National Monument.
Whenever I take a walk up here I always feel like a giant as you can see people going about their business in the streets below, carrying shopping bags, waiting for the bus and sauntering along the meandering streets.
It's a gorgeous, peaceful place and great for inspiration too.

Calton Hill is a two faced pleasure-whore.
One day, all you will want is to sit out in the sun, see some sights and chill out.
Calton Hill can be that if you want it to be.
And worth it, Calton Hill certainly is.
Situated smack bang in the middle of the city, the views are superd, and you may hardly believe that you are so close to Princes Street, because it's pretty peaceful and nice.
Other times, you might be a pagan group looking to celebrate a hedonistic and erotic fire festival known as Beltaine.
Calton Hill will want to be the hill that caters in any way it can to your desires.
You can have 10,000 people in top of it and torture it with fire, dancing, loud music and copious amounts of drink and it will bring you nothing but good times and great fun.
Certainly worth a look, John.

Definitely one of my favourite places in Edinburgh!!
It has everything you could ever want - amazing views of the city, a historical landmark and burns off some calories on the way up.
WOOHOO!
This is also one of the best places to come at New Year.
The atmosphere is totally electric and it's not really busy, so you can see the fireworks without being hustled and bustled into total strangers.
Although this year it was quite frosty - bring a scarf if you're considering it.
Just writing about Calton Hill has made me want to go up.
so I'm off!
see ya later aligator

This park is on top of a rather large hill.
Being rather large myself I was worried about having a heart attack getting to the top, but the journey was worth it.
I've never seen better views of a city from a park.
And the park has some really cool monuments and buildings in it too!
By far this was my favorite place in Edinburgh.
It's peaceful, beautiful, historic, and offers breathtaking views.

If you are here in the summer months I would suggest strolling up this hill around sunset time- it gives great views of Edinburgh and Leith and you see the transisition to night- absolutely stunning!!
Home to a lot of monuments it's well worth a visit even if you are here only for a few days!

With the trip up Arthur's Seat seeming just a bit too strenuous the other week, I decided upon Calton Hill for a panoramic view of the city.
Given the fact I've never lived more than 50 miles away from Edinburgh City Centre, it's appalling that I'd never been up before, but I'll definitely be back.
It houses the eerie National Monument, the Royal Observatory and some tower I can't remember the name of, but the real moneyshot up here i the views.
On a sunny day, it really is absolutely jaw dropping.
Oddly enough, it's the viewpoint that looks out onto Leith and the Northern suburbs rather than the one onto Prince's Street and the castle that impresses most.
From the two Forth Bridges to the oil tankers out at sea, to rows of tightly packed tenements and buses and pedestrians going about their business, there's simply just too much to take in.
My fairly ham-fisted, boring depiction doesn't do it justice, just go up and have a look it really is jaw-dropping, and simply one of the most stunning urban views I've seen, anywhere.
P.S.
Unless you're George Michael, don't go alone at night unless you're prepared for some unwanted attention, and a good shafting.

You'll all have seen Calton Hill at some point during your time in Edinburgh and like me you might feel the urge to go up and see what exactly is on this hill.
Once you reach the top the first impression is likely to be that you are reminded of a badly organised mantelpiece peppered with irrelevant ornaments that have been picked up on the owner's travels - some of them aren't even complete.
It does form a rather bizarre combination of landmarks.
What does redeem it a little is the view on offer.
It does offer the very best view of Holyrood and the more historic parts of town, although there are better view of the whole town, most notably on the Royal Observatory hill.

If you're a first time visitor to Edinburgh, or you've lived here for your whole life, but you're just really lazy about seeing what's on your doorstep, or you ticked this landmark off years ago on a school trip, so you kind of feel like you've seen it now, or whatever your Calton Hill visiting circumstances, I'm telling you to get your legs moving quick sharp up this hill, because the views, sights, and significance of this sight are well deserving of a few hours of reflection.
A short walk from the east end will bring you to a venue of fantastic views round the city of Edinburgh, and as Edinburgh is very beautiful, no bias at all there, having a good look at the city's features from up here can leave you marvelling for ages.
Taking the time to wander round the hill is also completely worthwhile, as you can see the imposing and awesome Royal Observatory,  the Parthenon-esque National Monument, the distinctive Dugald Stewart monument, which is an established part of the Edinburgh skyscape, and actually, there are quite a few other monuments to peruse while you're there.

Calton Hill, alongside Arthur's Seat and the Crags, is an absolute must on a rare sunny day in our beautiful city.
Located just east of Princes Street, it offers an ideal location for a bit of gentle strolling amongst pleasant surroundings away from the bustle of the city centre.
Once you have ascended the stairs, you are welcomed with a variety of different monuments that are all notably unique in design and character.
The information boards around the site offer interesting back stories without going in to too much detail, keeping the lay person engaged.
There is even a small treasure hunt activity on the central information board to keep the children amused (which I must admit I had great fun in completing).
There is also foot paths offering walks with beautiful views of both the Forth and of the city centre.
All in all, a site worthy of a visit whether you're a visitor or a resident due to the tranquillity and the beautiful views.

As the sunnier days are increasing in Edinburgh, the temptation to get outside and make the most of it before the sun very quickly goes back into retreat for the next 3/4 of the year has been a big one.
The go-to for an 'outdoor pursuit' in the Burgh is Arthur's Seat, and what a climb it is.
I've only done it once myself and remember loving it.
But if you want a bit of fresh air, fantastic views of the city, a true 'piece of Edinburgh' with some history and that "oh-so-worth-it' slightly out of breath feeling when you reach the top, then take a stroll up Calton Hill.
The unfinished Green columns that sit atop are a landmark of Edinburgh, and outline the skyline in some bizarre splendour.
The hill often plays host to local events, in particular the upcoming Beltane Fire Festival - a celtic traditional celebration of the coming of Spring and the May Queen, I can't think of a better setting than Calton HIll - and looks awe-inspiring with the fire coming behind the columns.
At New Years, a troop of people were march up the hill to see the Fireworks.
And in summer there are BBQ's aplenty.
For tourists looking for great photo spots, locals looking for a shorter days outing that'll still work up an appetite, artists for a quiet spot to sketch, friends looking for a barbie spot, or just a solitary wanderer with time on your hands, Calton Hill is a must-see.
It's so central that you can climb up one side and be down the other within a stone's throw of great eateries after too (think Broughton Street.
) (What, me, always thinking about food?
Never.

What can I say about Calton Hill that hasn't been Yelped already?
For those of us who are lazy and afraid of steep slopes, Calton Hill is just the hike for a view when Arthur's Seat is a bit too much (I will conquer you one day, you hear me).
Smack dab in the middle of the city, you can have a brief hike and a satisfying meal as your reward within a short walking distance.
There's a smorgasbord of monuments up top and a stunning view of the city.
It's a must-visit, at least once (although I plan on coming back on the next sunny day with a couple bottles of cider - don't tell)!

Tolle Aussicht auf Edinburgh.
Ziemlich steil, aber es lohnt sich.

A hop, skip and a jump away from all the bustle of Princes St and Leith Walk, Calton Hill offers a steep, breath-catching walk, awesome views of Edinburgh, the Pentlands and Fife, and a real feeling of 'getting away from it all'.
The monuments are impressive and puzzling, the perspective of the city unique (so near, yet so far!
) and it's an excellent stepping stone on your way to bigger things - go on, you know you want to climb Arthur's Seat!
You'll find Fergus and I up there in all weathers - it's our favourite spot in the city.

As a tourist making my first trip to Scotland, everyone recommened that I visit Edinburgh.
I certainly was not disappointed with that decision.
It is a beautiful, historic city with many things to see and do within close proximity of Waverly Station.
I knew about Edinburgh Castle, but what surprised me was how amazing the Calton Hill area was.
Personally, I think this was the best part of my time in Scotland.
The Calton Hill area is located fairly close to Edinburgh Waverly Station and is easily accessed on foot.
It is also pretty close to other attractions like Holyroodhouse.
As you approach the hill you can see some of the tall monuments which overlook the city.
I would recommened stopping off at the Calton Cemetery as well which is a trememdous photo opportunity.
The monuments are fantastic, each unique in their own way.
But, to me, what makes the hill special is not only the monuments but the views behind them.
You can see across the city below to the castle and beyond... And also all the way to sea.
There was a great breeze the day I was there--the air so much fresher than I had experienced hours earlier in London.
Pros: Easy access from Waverly Station, free of charge, spectacular views, several monuments  Cons: Waverly is 5 hours from London--so plan accordingly, peak times seems to be crowded

It has taken me the best part of two years to climb up Calton Hill.
I don't do hills but fireworks for free was all it took to lure me up.
Despite battling the remains of a chest infection, its not a strenuous climb and it is worth it for the 360 views over Edinburgh and beyond.
It is pretty at night, even without the fireworks, a vision of twinkling lights and views beyond Edinburgh.
Shadowed on the top of the hill, the columns provide a stunning outline against the night sky.
For watching fireworks, its great too.
Yes there are a few tree's that require making the acquaintance of a chainsaw so you can see the lower level fireworks (only joking!
), so bring the picnic blanket, some munchies, whilst avoiding the trees and you are all set for a free show.
Like many exposed areas in Edinburgh, it gets cold and quickly, so wrap up warm and enjoy the views.
So, even though I don't DO hills or climbs, I'll come back in the daylight, and no doubt will be back for more fireworks too :)

Excepting places of the culinary and artistic aesthetics, this is my single favorite place in Edinburgh.
More than the Old Town, more than Arthur's Seat, and more than foggy docks of Leith.
It offers my favorite views of the city and the Firth of Forth, a great place to relax atop the National Monument, and several romantic spots to sit in the summer as evening falls.

Excellent spot to catch a sunset or view a panorama of the city.
It's and easy walk up a hill to get to the top and really worth it.

I'm amazed of how big a difference to the night sky a stroll up to Calton can make, being even so much above most of the light pollution brightens up the sky greatly.
It's easy to see why the observatory was put there when it was.
For the little trouble there is climbing up it pays off in full.
as close to the wonders of camping as it gets, when your in the heart of the city center (almost)

One of those touristy things you have to do in Edinburgh, and since it is free even backpackers can enjoy the wonderful views.
The walk up is not hard, but wearing actual shoes will make it more enjoyable.
You should walk up once during the day so you can poke around and take the scenic pictures, bring a lunch with a date and enjoy the views.
But come back again at night for city skyline at night with your date for some QT.
Oh and besides the view there are monuments to snap up pics during the day.

I take the train from Aberdeen and get off at the Waverly stop in Edinburgh.
The first thing I do is walk on over to Calton Hill.
This is an excellent scenic monument and park.
Walk up the cobble stone, brick, and volcanic rock lined streets up the hill.
Once up the hill the views are stunning.
Especially on a clear day.
The first time I visited was during the summer, and almost by accident.
I basically got lost trying to find Cafe Royal for lunch, lol.
Once I saw the hill, I decided to check it out.
I am glad I did.
The weather was perfect and clear, and I could see everything.
Just recently I went back, and obviously the weather in late February is not ideal, but it cleared up enough in the late morning early afternoon to make it worth while.
I love the history to some of the monuments here.
The National Monument was never completed, and it was suppose to be a replica of the Parthenon.
I have always liked the Nelson's Monument , and of coarse the best views anywhere when there are fireworks.
This is a great park, and much more than a tourist trap/destination.
A wonderful way to spend a morning, while working up a hunger and thirst for a Rose St pub crawl.

An easy hike up... Best views over Edinburgh... Is post card worthy...

This is a hill with a view.
On a clear day you will be able to see all over the Edinburgh-land and beyond.
You can imagine being transported in time looking at the observatory and the columns of the unfinished monument.
In the summer you will have unobstructed sunshine on the days that the sun is out.
And if you are into your photography the sunrises and sunsets from this heightened view point are ah-mazing.
The Carlton Hill is used as a venue for many art and performances - most famous is the Beltane Festival on 30 April.
(the Winter spring Equinox)  On New Year's Eve / Hogmany this is one of the 7 hills that will display fireworks.
hopefully they will not change this hill and its access, as it is a blessing for the residents as not many tourists tend to venture up this hill - since there is loads of other stuff for them to do.
I like it here and it is mostly a very nice place to have a quiet walk and be out of the busy City that is just meters away.

I think that apart from Arthur's Seat this is probably the best place to get a good view of Edinburgh.
Not too difficult to climb, it offers put you on the castle, Princes street, Holyrood park and the firth.
I just wish they hadn't left that mock-greek temple unfinished.

Go to Calton hill or watch from princes street.
At 12.55p the ball at the top raises and drops at 1p.
It was designed for the men on the ship to see since it traveled faster than the speed of sound (the castle canon).
Very interesting and worth it!
Bring camera and walking shoes.
This is such a beautiful place to go.
Great view and super peaceful!

Der Name "Calton Hill" stammt vom gälischen "calltuinn" was in etwa Haselwäldchen bedeutet.
Auf dem Hügel befinden sich einige Denkmäler und Monumente, unter anderem das Scottish National Monument, dessen Bau 1829 nach 3 Jahren Bauzeit aufgrund Geldmangels eingestellt wurde und nun ein wenig aussieht wie die Überreste eines griechischen Tempels, das 1815 fertiggestellte und 2009 restaurierte Nelson Monument, das 1831 zu Ehren des schottischen Philosophen fertiggestellte Dugald Stewart Monument und das City Observatory, welches heute nicht mehr in Betrieb ist.
Calton Hil ist letztlich DER Ort in Edinburgh für eine schöne Sicht auf die Stadt und vor allem auch für schöne Aufnahmen der Innenstadt, vor allem der Old Town - das Titelbild wohl fast jedes Edinburgh-Reiseführers wurde von hier aufgenommen.
Wer also schöne Fotos mit nach Hause bringen oder sich einfach nur einen Überblick über die Stadt verschaffen möchte sollte unbedingt bei schönem Wetter den Calton Hill "besteigen" ;) Der Hügel ist vom Fuß zum höchsten Punkt etwa 46m hoch - das ist absolut machbar.

At the recommendation of you lovely Edinburgh Yelpers, we had the cab drop us here after our 3 days in the Highlands to get some great views of the city without having to haul my pregnant self up Arthur's Seat.
We were not disappointed.
Arriving in the gloaming, we enjoyed lovely views of the surrounding areas and enjoyed the people watching as dozens gathered to relax on the several monuments and vistas and watch the sun set on the beautiful city and the Firth of Forth.
There are several signs giving information about the monuments as well as the geography of the area, so it's educational as well as beautiful.
Worth the exercise!

Getting to Calton Hill is literally a flight of stairs so if you're looking for a less athletic alternative to Arthur's Seat that will still grant you some great photo ops, Calton Hill is a great choice.
Even so, Calton Hill is beautiful.
If the weather is nice, bring a blanket, some food and good book and relax on the grass for a bit as you take in the monuments around you.

A lot of people will tell you that Calton Hill is like a junior version of Arthur's Seat, for pregnant women and people incapable of climbing the Seat.
This is false.
Calton Hill is a location worth visiting in its own right.
It is the location of David Hume's tomb, the old Royal High School, Robert Burn's Monument, the City Observatory, and the National Monument, are just among a litany of things to see, not to mention the beautiful city views encompassing the hill.
The National Monument was a particular favorite spot of mine to take a blanket and a good book to read.
It was started as a replica of the Parthenon.
But construction was halted after only a few years.
What's left is a structure resembling something of a ruin.
Still breathtaking in its own regard.
You also have to check out the Beltane Fire Festival.
It is basically celebrates Scotland's Gaelic heritage through fire dancing.
Very interesting stuff.
Be forewarned, though, there is usually some nudity involved in the performances.

Carlton Hill was about a minute walk away from our hotel so we couldn't not go for a sunny morning walk really!
It was much easier than I had anticipated and made for quite a pleasant start to the day, walking up you can see all the lovely buildings, and out to sea.
You can also  see the much larger Arthur's seat.
It's a good way to start the day!

We wanted some peaceful scenic views on our last afternoon in Edinburgh.
The walk up to the top of Calton Hill was much easier and more gradual than Arthur's Seat had been.
The Nelson Monument is really cool looking.
I wanted to climb to the top for an awesome view of the city, but I wasn't about to pay £4 a person for the privilege.
There are great views from all around the hill that are free, so don't waste your money going up the monument.
Calton Hill is also home to the Dugald Stewart Monument, a Robert Burns Monument, the City Observatory, a cool Portuguese canon, and the National Monument.
There are some benches to sit and relax and take in the great scenery.
It was also nice to rest for a little bit and eat the delicious fudge we had procured earlier.

If you're looking to woo your guests to Edinburgh or only have a couple of days in the city, Calton Hill is the place to go.
Being only a short stroll up a flight of stairs at the end of Princes Street it definitely is the less daunting alternative to climbing Arthurs Seat.
Despite this, the views over Leith and the city couldn't be nicer on a clear day.
Expect a lot of tourists with the same idea as you, a good chance of a chilly breeze and a lovely opportunity for some photos.
The nicest thing about Calton Hill is despite it's proximity to the bustling Princes Street, it really feels like a nice way to escape the city and take in the best of beautiful Edinburgh.

Für einen ersten Überblick über Edinburgh ist der Aufstieg auf den Calton Hill genau das Richtige.
Am Einfachsten ist es von der Princes Street her kommend anzufangen.
Dort geht es dann ganz gemütlich in knapp 10 - 15 Minuten auf die Spitze.
Von dort hat man dann einen schönen Blick über die Stadt Edinburgh, man blickt von oben auf Holyrood House bis nach Leith, dem Hafen von Edinburgh und auf den Arthur´s Seat - so als Versuchung, ihn auch noch zu erklimmen ;)  Auf dem "Gipfel" befindet sich das Nelson Monument (mit dem time ball, der mit der "one o´clock gun" verbunden war), das City Observatory, die Portugiesische Kanone (über deren Odysee man eine eigene Abhandlung schreiben könnte) und auch eine Galerie.
Natürlich sind hier oben so einige Touristen, aber man ist ja dann unter seinesgleichen ;)

