Bird excrement?
Soap?
apologies, its the white stuff you sea when a wave breaks.
I found nothing tempting in here.
Immediately you can relate to the surf theme, but there's simply too many bland checked shirts and plain below knee length 'board' shorts for the clothing range to have any immediate appeal.
A sea of generic clothing.

If you're blond, Australian, think flip flops aren't disgusting, and take yourself a bit too seriously, then you're probably into surfing.
To be honest I'd quite literally rather catch aids than step anywhere near a surf board, I don't talk like a ninja turtle, and have no intention of catching some awesome waves with my dudes any time in the near or distant future so I'm kind of an outsider in here.
I'm also not too keen on the innuendo laden name, which most people associate with snow and jizz long before linking it to the foam on a wave.

'Woah dude - I'm, totally...like, a total surfer duuude... err, yeah.
I buy my flip flops at this place called White Stuff.. Duude.
Yeah, surfer maan.'.
This place is so generic it hurts.
If I were to describe a shop that stereotyped Surfers and so called 'cool dudes' it would have to be this.
Think flip flops, open shirts, boards shorts and a lot of surfer props to make the shop look cool.
Oh, and its expensive.

Nothing wrong with tanned, blonde beach-men is there?
aahhh........
This is one of those places that I would love to love, if you know what I mean?
It's such a cool lifestyle, surfer by day, care-free at night, right?
I wish.
This place is quite expensive though, it must be said.
For what it is, there could be at least a student discount

There are two branches of White Stuff in Edinburgh, one in Ocean Terminal and this one on George Street.
I don't have a favourite seeing as I'm not a huge fan of the clothes.
I find them rather unimaginative, trying too hard to be cool and far to expensive for what they are.
If you're into preppy style where you're into wearing Uni hoodys and blazer then you might lap this right up as shirts and blazers are their thing.
One thing I do like about White Stuff is their range of swimwear which is very pretty and comes in a varied range suitable for all shapes and sizes.
It's the saving grace really.

I found this store to be a bit like the Gap.
It sells practical, well made vest tops in shades like maroon and beige, but it's all a bit blah.
I just wasn't inspired by the White Stuff at all.
It was preppy and the clothing may have suited someone because it was undeniably of  good quality, but it failed to spark my interest.
There were some pretty floral tops and dresses that looked like they'd last you a lifetime, but it was all a bit safe for me in terms of clothing.
And I'm not exactly looking for something wild - there was just something a bit middle aged about it.
I'm sure someone will find something pretty out of here - they certainly seem to be keeping up with trends,and their sales are worth peeking into - but overall I found the experience to be a bit bland.

I quite like the White Stuff but it can be a tad on the expensive side and it is hard not to smirk when you see the sale signs with stuff that has £10 off rather than 50% like anywhere else.
The clothes wash well and do last.
I tend to buy dresses in here rather than t-shirts as I think they are over priced.
Some of their colour denim skirts work well for being summer and winter wear and they have unusual prints that are just a bit different and a bit less 'high street'.
It does have quite a surf vibe and that may put a few people off but despite the prices, I do find myself popping in because if I want a reasonably casual/smart, not too revealing top that is not glitzy then this is the place to come.
They do lots of tunic tops and shirts too and they do have lots of colours rather then just high street versions of 'what is in fashion'.
So White Stuff, you are A-OK.
I've purchased from you before and I will again.

