This past weekend was time for one of my 'wow there is actually a movie I want to see out' trips to the movie theater.
My husband and I went to see Jackass in 3D.
The theater at the Fiesta casino is closer to our house, so we tend to go there...  but the theater at Sunset Station had movie times that fit our schedule better so we decided to give it a try.
I am glad we did!
The theater was clean and spacious with cushy, reclining stadium-style seats.
The movie tickets were a little on the pricey side, $14.75 a piece but that was due in part to the fact we were seeing a flick in 3D.
The sound was great, nice and booming when it needed to be...
I am so surprised I am the first to review this movie theater!
It is a great theater that I will gladly go back to next time I want to see a movie.

This is our theater because its so close to home.
Not spectacular but it does the job.
Like "mom" jeans - doesn't look the best, but, well, does the job.
The service is decent, the screens are decent, the seats are decent, the popcorn is decent.....overall, well decent.
Yet, we are regulars.
So, decent places that are close have followers too.
I guess we don't all have to be beautiful to be loved.
mmmmm....puts me in the mood for a romantic comedy.
Maybe I should go to my local theater :)

Generally a movie theater is a movie theater is a...
But not when the experience sucks.
When I'm sitting through the movie and reliving my days of test driving cars in uncomfortable seats built apparently only for hunchbacks, I'd rather pay my $8 for a matinee elsewhere...
The theater was clean enough, the floor seemed free of soda cups and popcorn.
But, my movie experience was drastically diminished by the extreme volume and the uncomfortable seats.
I tried to recline the seat as much as possible just so I could look straight ahead.
If I just relaxed, the seat pushed my head forward and down so I was staring at the hairpiece on the person in front of me instead of the screen... Are they worried about whiplash?
And the sound... No wonder kids hearing problems are growing like the rate of asthma!
If I had hearing aids I would have taken them out, and if I had earplugs I would have put them in...
I noticed it was loud during the previews, but was hoping that the volume was only for the action movie previews, and I figured that when Black Swan started it would quiet down (seriously, how can a ballet movie bust your eardrums)?
Once the movie started it was still way too loud, but I didn't want to miss parts of the movie to go ask someone to tone it down... Next time I'll get my butt up during the previews!

Small theater, spots on screen, uncomfy seats, ghetto peeps.
This movie theater has to be the worst theater ever!
when I first walked into the theater, my nose was assaulted by the cleaning product smell.
Gazed onward for a seat and was shocked by how small this theater is, not many seats.
Found a supposedly decent seat but once I sat down, I wasn't comfy at all.
The seats were narrow and the back was hurting MY BACK.
WTH!?!
Then as I was watching the movie, I realized there are light spots (3) in the middle of the screen that were prominent.
On top of it all, there were ghetto/rude/impolite/noisy people watching the movie, which made this one of the worst movie experience EVER!.
Anyways, this movie theater is super close, but I will drive the distance to a decent movie theater.

Caught a movie at this theater last night after the most amazing sushi ever.
Too bad the theater didn't really do much to keep the good times rolling.
$21.50 for two tickets.
In Henderson.
Inside a low rent casino.
I don't get that, but movies are expensive, so whatever.
$12.50 for a "medium" soda & a "medium" popcorn.
I put these sizes in quotes because these are actually what a normal person would consider a large size.
Again, whatever.
We were 15 minutes early, so I assumed we would be able to score some decent seats.
As previously noted by Rachel S., there really is a giant, waste of space gap in the middle of the theater.
One can only assume this is the hot spot for handicapped folk to catch a flick, otherwise, I don't understand what the hell they are leaving that space seat free for.
Granted, the theater wasn't packed when we got there but almost every seat was taken in the upper deck of the theater, so we sat in a couple end seats and dealt with it.
One last note: Holy loud speakers.
They showed The Hangover Part II preview - which looked incredible, btw - and it had some rap music in it and my ears were going to blow out.
A little overkill; I'm happy our movie didn't have too much shoot-em-up action.
And it wasn't just that the movie we saw, Limitless, was pure crap, either.
Bradley Cooper was hot enough to make it worth my while, but the theater was just OK.

Dont complain about prices.
Its a Movie Theater.
And Sunset station isnt a Low Rent Casino.
Club Fortune is a low rent casino.
Back on Topic.
The Theater is good.
Nice seating that doesnt hurt your butt or legs when you get up.
Sure the concessions are pricey but thats how they make their money.
The good thing is the food court is right there so you can save some bucks and eat outside before buying high priced concessions.

i was there a while ago for their $5.00 movies before noon.
i heard from several sources that station casinos had this promotion at all their theaters which in this case would be sunset and boulder and some other one......  anyway i just happened to go to sunset and sure enough the movie was $5.00!!
i was wowed and very satisfied.
my brother and i then went to regal at boulder and they didn't have the same promotion even though it's a regal theater.
i don't know if this was a one time thing or if it's ongoing.
i hope it's ongoing.

Yikes Go somewhere else if you can!!!
Parking - this is a casino.
Be prepared to walk a bit and then through a smokey casino with a bunch of people throwing their dinero into metal machines!
Ambiance - Can have a lot of testosterone since there are a lot of teens, next to an arcade.
The place is pretty basic and not inviting.
Theaters - The Imax is fine and good, although very expensive like all other Imax.
Otherwise, most of the theaters are on the small and dated side.
Bring ear plugs - Seems alot of folks bring their infants with them and well, be prepared in advance.
Payment - You can use your "points" from the casino to pay for your ticket.
Sounds like a great deal, however those free points probably cost a small fortune when you think about it.
I don't mind this place to see a movie, however, it is NOT an experience at all.
If you are at the casino, and need to save money, you can hideout here while your other half is donating money to the casino!!

Imax is OK,but the ushers are uptight and paranoid.
Went to catch a matinee mid week and the movie I wanted to see was about 30 minutes from start.
Walked into another theater to kill some time and sat there for a few minutes.
In the meantime the ushers walked in and out about 5 or 6 times looking for what ,I have no idea.
There are about 15 people in the theater.
Showtime for the other movie is just about to start and I walk into the other theater and Joe Usher (about fifty something)asks me for my ticket stub.
He then proceeds to check the movie marquee to see if it matches.
Look it's 9 bucks for a matinee that has 10 people in it,so why are you hassling me like I'm a 12 year old sneaking into an R rated movie.
It's not like it's a first run sold out movie!
Dude,isn't Wal Mart hiring?
No longer a movie theater or casino I will visit.

The only things that makes this place a contender is its location and $5.00 M-Th early show prices.
If it wasn't for the bowling alley located in the same casino, and the basketball game at the arcade, I really would have no reason to go here.
There must have been some change of management because at one time they took measures to make sure everyone had a good time.
They used to have pagers so you can alert the ushers of any disturbance or difficulties in the theater without having to leave your seat.
The first two shows I went to after they stopped doing that had unruly teens and audio difficulties.
They used to offer bringing you your pizza or pretzel after you paid $7.00 for them.
But once you had paid extra money because it was only showing in 3D and those outrageous concession prices, who wants to miss a few minutes of the movie only to complain.
Sufficed to say, I travel an extra 2 miles to Fiesta Henderson because everything Sunset Regal was, Fiesta Regal is and much more.
Oh and their IMAX experience is really not that great.
Instead of investing in that upgrade, they should have repaired the screens in all the other theaters.
I'm just saying.

Used to be my favorite place before I discovered both the Fiesta and Cinadome 16.
Regal card gives you nice benefits.
The problem I have with this theater: one of the regular ticket takers is kinda rude.
The concession stand people act like they are doing you a favor to serve you and move at the pace of molasses.
Sure, the theater, itself, is nice.
But a great theater is Rave.
Since I live in Henderson, I would rather go elsewhere, unless I am trapped in by my time, which I was when we went yesterday.

Took my mom to see a movie last night.
The last time she went to a movie theater was in the dark ages (I'm not kidding, it must be over 5 years ago).
The theater is super clean.
Everyone we came into contact with was friendly....the box office (glad my mom is a senior- saved some cash) and the ticket taker.
Of course, my Mom complained about the sound being too loud (are you surprised?).
She also was confused by the TV type ads before the show.
She only remembers previews being shown before.
One thing I noticed was that the seats, while clean and new looking, seemed to be pitched a little too upright and I didn't like the arm rests.
We saw the Hunger Games which we both liked.
All in all, a good experience, but I may stay home and watch TV with mom next time (got to love her!

Fave theater!

I am regular moviegoer  here and the reasons are... simply the popcorn is the best in town and they have the Regal Rewards program.
I just wish they would increase the screen size for the smaller theaters.
I love watching movies on 35mm; as nothing can compare to it's look and feel.
I will miss t35mm films as the digital age is taking over.
I agree the parking situation is bad but so is Rave's.
Both have long walks.
Which is OK since I need the walk after sitting for hours, and eating high fat foods.

Nice theater, it was clean and the chairs were pretty comfy.

This theatre is rather sterile, not much of experience at all.
We went on a Tuesday night and right off we had issues.
The young man working the ticket booth was quite obviously on a personal phone call and completely ignored us even though he could clearly see that we were waiting and the only people in line.
After waiting for him to get off the phone for nearly five minutes we finally tapped on the glass and stated we would like to purchase tickets.
He sort of nodded and shooed us away with his hand.
My mother and I walked inside the theatre and informed the young woman waiting to take tickets that we needed assistance because the person selling the tickets had ignored us.
She acted as if she did understand what was happening and rolled her eyes while she radioed for a manager.
The manager then came out of the back of the ticket booth and very shortly asked us what the problem was.
By then my Father had just bought the tickets from one of the self serve machines and we entered the theatre and proceeded to our movie.
I can't say anything about the refreshments because we skipped that part having just eaten dinner.
The movie theatres themselves are fine, stadium seating, clean, good picture and sound, no complaints there.
There were very few other people in the theater with us because it was a late viewing but the theater is large so when it is full I bet it gets rather noisy.
My boyfriend and I usually frequent the cinedome 12 because the ticket prices are half as much and the theaters are much smaller and less noisy when full, but my parents were in town and staying at Sunset Station.
I love that casino so I thought the movie house would be good as well... but sadly one employee had to make a bad impression.
I think I will stick to my usual place and save a few bucks for a better experience.

I used to spend a LOT of time in the Sunset Station/Galleria area, and Sunset Station was almost a weekly visited place, whether it be for bowling, gambling, or, keeping this relevant to this review, seeing a movie.
Over the years with so many movie theaters popping up on every corner, I've found myself seeing more and more movies at "hotter" places like Rave at Town Square or closer to home locations like South Point or Colonnade.
When I've found myself at Sunset over the last couple of years is when I want to see something in IMAX.
Now I'll get right to it and say I know it's LIEMAX here, but I refuse to go to the Palms because I don't like that Johnny Brendan guy.
That's a lie, I'd still got here, but for some reason I end up here.
Why are IMAX movies so freaking expensive?
It adds wallet injury to insult when you walk in and it's not REALLY IMAX either.
But yeah, I still keep coming back and I keep making snarky facebook posts about the cost, which makes it all seem worth it somehow.
Staff is usually friendly (well, as friendly as snot nosed 17 year olds can be), and the prices are movie theater prices that I expect (only $20 for $0.30 worth of popcorn and acid in coke form!
)   So my experience usually is A-OK depending on the movie.
Given that the last few movies I saw here were Avengers and Dark Knight Rises, 3 stars seems fair considering.
If I'd seen anything starring Kevin James or Tyler Perry I'd probably be expecting a message from the manager when I woke up.

This is a nice theater to go to during the day.
I've never gone at night so I can't comment on it.
During the day however you can catch matinee prices and there is usually plenty of space in the theaters.
The crowds have never been talkative and rude which is unfortunately becoming more a problem in today's world.
Big negative is of course the prices for drinks and beverages.
BYOC...Bring your own candy!

I remember going to the Regal Sunset Station as a child!
The place has kinda be worn down but if you're shopping at the Sunset Galleria on Stephanie, you can take a break and watch a movie here.
If you're at the Sunset Station Casino, the theaters are located towards the back right (if you are facing the casino's entrance).
You need to go into the casino to get into the theater area.
PERKS: + not-so-crowded theaters + ample parking + rewards program + upgraded seats (which recline)  DIRTS: - nasty carpet - bathrooms need an upgrade  Other than that it's your typical run of the mill Regal theaters.
I wouldn't mind coming here to watch a movie since it's convenient.

So, they are smaller.
But its also one of Las Vegas's older theatres.
We enjoyed our experience here.
It was clean and they were friendly.
popcorn was tasty, what more can you ask for.
Short n Sweet.

I've only been here a couple times, but there's never anyone else there it seems like.
I'm usually the only one in line buying tickets or walking through the halls.
Theater quality is same as any other Regal, but this is a good location if you don't like the crowds that come with most of them.
The theater rooms are also much smaller than other Regals I've been to around town.

For being in Hendertucky Regal Sunset isn't all that bad.
On the night I went to see Iron Man 3 I had gift passes so my cost was $0.00 for the tickets.
A movie theater review would not be complete without the obligatory I feel like I was financially assaulted at the concession stand gripe, but they gotta make a profit somehow so I grumble and hand over the debit card and move on.
Being from Kansas City where Stan Durwood invented the mutli-plex theater, I'm normally an AMC fan.
But we don't have an AMC location close by so Regal has to do.
Inside this location is clean, modestly decorated, the bathrooms were sparkling clean, and the place was not overly lit.
Inside the theater the seating was comfortable, but not as good as other places I've been.
One other thing, the theater wasn't filthy, but it wasn't very clean either with left over bottles and popcorn containers left in the aisles.
One major complaint...it's LOUD.
I know if it's too loud you're too old comes to mind but dang, this was a notch too high.
Good sound enhances the experience and I like it loud but this was definitely a touch on the excessive side.
Overall I was still pleased with the experience and would go back...but I think I'll also try out some other theaters and see if we can have a better experience.
(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #20)

Very small theaters, even for a new movie just out.
If you dont make it to the showtime at least 5-10 mins before it starts you end up in the front section looking straight upward the whole movie.
Nice that there are eating options in sunset station, but drink refills even cost, after you've already spent $14+ for drink and

Watched Superman here, it was great!

I came here to see Gravity.
I have to say that this theater was the best operations of a movie theater I have ever seen!
First off, I saw a live person operating the projector here.
I didn't think they still did that.
I thought it was entirely computerized and everything was set on a timer.
Then, twice during the movie, a security guard walked in to check on the theater.
My theater was not very crowded, but if it was, The guard would catch people who were being too noisy.
I can tell these people really want you to have a good time at this place.
I normally go to the village Square location, but I am putting this theater in front of Village Square in terms of operations.

Great central location and convenient showtimes.
Not my favorite theatre near Henderson as it's a little dated- not the best sound or picture quality.
That said, I would go back if they were showing the movie that I wanted to see at the time I wanted to see it and I didn't have the option of Green Valley Ranch 10.
Can be a little tricky navigating between the parking lot and the movie theatre (especially from the theatre to the parking lot).
Had an employee at the concession stand scrutinize my credit card and driver's license so long that I thought he was trying to memorize both.

The movie broke down again.
Waited 20 minutes for it to be reset.
No one knew what was going on the staff was unfriendly

