It's a well-worn cliche in the food business that anywhere with pictures of the food up on the exterior will be shite.
Whilst this method isn't 100% foolproof, there's definitely some truth in it, as any visit to Cafe Keno will confirm.
They have pictures of bacon, eggs and rolls plastered to the door.
The food is incredibly shite.
It's as simple as that.

Whilst I don't seem to have had quite the same terrible experience as Gavin, Cafe Keno didn't exactly bowl me over with awesomeness.
Cafe Keno is a fairly standard affair.
It offers decent coffee and tea, and substandard British cafe food.
The problem basically is that at the heart of Edinburgh, on the High Street, why not go elsewhere?
There are a million other very high standard cafe and restaurants nearby.
Cafe Keno just doesn't really stand out.
Perhaps it has room for improvement though, it certainly isn't a bad place.
In its favour there is usually plenty of sitting space outside which is nice on a summers day to watch the busy tourists go by, especially as they serve ice cream to go with it.

As Stephanie said, you're not expecting a wee cafe like this to wow you with its performance.
It's the kind of place you duck in to grab a roll and then go.
So I was very pleasantly surprised with the service I received in Cafe Keno today!
Serving up panini's, baguettes and some bigger dishes, Cafe Keno is quite spacious when all the doors are open.
Inside it's got a nice, bright colour scheme that makes it look zesty and fresh.
It's very clean and there is enough room to have a look at the full cake stand without feeling like you're getting in anyone's way!
Opting to come in here instead of spending 7 quid for a panini somewhere else on the Royal Mile, I wasn't disappointed.
I was quite surprised to receive table service here, since I just expected to wait for my food to be heated.
The staff were very attentive and checked to see if I was enjoying my panini.
The pot of tea was massive and I got at least 3 full pours out of it - it's the little things, y'know!
I liked the Greek options on the menu and the food was fresh.
But what did it for me was the service.
The staff couldn't have been nicer, and that plays a huge part in how you perceive a business.
Absolutely lovely, I would definitely recommend going here over some other places on the Royal Mile (which may be more inclined to rip you off).

This cafe did a nice beans and toast and the staff were very friendly but I thought it was a bit pricey for what you were having.

I like this place because they have free wifi, and coffee/tea are cheaper than other places in Edinburgh.
However, I was not impressed by their fish and chips.
It wasn't that great.
And took them forever.
It was pretty busy when we were there so I understand maybe they aren't used to it, but I asked for water twice and I never got it.
Service was so slow, that my friend had to leave before I get a box for the food.
Maybe if you are there during off season, you may have a better experience?
I don't know...
I would definitely go back there if I'm getting just tea or coffee though.

