My refrigerator stopped cooling on a Sunday morning.
I must have callled ten different appliance repair companies before coming across Hillside Appliance.
They were responsive and provided service on a Sunday!
It is a family run business and they are very friendly.
Prices were also reasonable.
Alex came to the home within the timeframe given and diagnosed the problem promptly.
He was also able to repair it the same day.
Although fixed, my refrigerator was still not cooling enough and Alex came back the next day to see what was wrong.
He remedied the problem which was an overheated compressor.
He also offered to come back the next day and check it....all free of charge.
Alex was friendly, knowledgeable and answered all my questions.
I would definitely use them again!

When our refrigerator started sounding like a cricket had taken up residence inside the freezer, I knew we needed to get a fan inside it fixed.
I came here to search for repairmen, and quickly saw this business rated well, so gave them a call.
What a nice surprise to call for service and talk to the actual technician on the phone!
Leonard was willing to come fix our refrigerator that same day, but since it wasn't a dire emergency, we scheduled for the next day.
He gave me a 2 hour window of time, and called about 30 minutes into it to tell me he was stopping to pick up my part and would be at my place in about 15 minutes.
It's rare for technicians to not only be on time, but to be courteous enough to call and let me know if they are running behind.
Very much appreciated!
I found Leonard to be very knowledgeable and professional.
I felt his rates were fair:  he charged a trip charge, but put that towards the labor of the repairs that needed to be done.
He fixes all appliances and even air conditioners, so I will be keeping his name handy, should anything else need repair.

I called for a repair on my LG dishwasher.
Within minutes they set up an appointment for the next day!
And they called ahead of time to let me know they were on the way.
The service and prices were just great.
I'm so glad to have a trustworthy appliance repair company nearby!
Highly recommended!

Leonard was great, knowledgeable and convivial.
He was happy to come out on a Saturday, and rather than selling us on an expensive repair, he advised us to simply buy a new refrigerator, and then gave us advice on what brand to buy.
Then, after hearing that our washer had a small problem, he happily took a look at that as part of the same service call.
For being available on a weekend, for his honesty and good humor, he gets high marks.
If you're in need of some major appliance repair, don't hesitate to call.

My back up refrigerator went out and I emailed for quotes.
They responded right away by phone and email their pricing.
A week later my primary fridge went out and I called Hillside.
He came out the very next morning.
Was accurate with his price quote, was very polite and clean.
In and out in less than an hour.
I would definitely recommend.

I am not a friend or relative, and I have not been asked to write this review.
In fact, I rarely review service professionals, but in this case I felt that exceptional service should be acknowledged.
The task was to fix a refrigerator ice maker, which was leaking, producing rusty cubes, and finally had stopped working entirely.
I called Hillside and Leonard, the owner, came out the next day.
He told me it would cost about $500 to replace the rusted ice cube dispenser, replace the ice maker itself, and repair the leak.
I just might want to replace the entire refrigerator, he said, so "call me back and let me know".
We decided on the repair.
Two days later he had bought the necessary parts and returned with an assistant to do the work.
It ended up costing $287.
[NOT A TYPO].
That in itself is remarkable.
The reason is that when repairing the leak he determined we didn't need a new ice maker, just the dispenser.
He could easily have installed the ice maker and I would never have known; now he had to return it, on his own time, and he would make nothing for installing it.
I think we call this "honesty" - Diogenes would be thrilled.
It doesn't stop there.
During the installation, he found that the leak had caused a section of wall behind the refrigerator to become moldy - possibly with black mold, which is no joke.
He could have made a bunch of money tearing out and replacing the affected area, but instead he told me that he had to research how to best do it while minimizing the danger from black mold spores both to himself and to my family.
In fact, he said, he might have to have me use a specialist.
But he would find out and let me know.
No charge.
Is this guy for real?
I think he is, and if you need any appliance repaired, including air conditioning, you will be fortunate if you can get Leonard to have a look at it.

Hillside Appliance Services: Leonard from Hillside Appliances came to my home on 7/20/2013 to un-plug/repair our washing machine.
After about a 1.5 hours and not supplying any parts I was billed $200.
In addition to being highly overpriced, he broke one of the hose clips, couldn't figure out where a missing screw went to (he put in the tray underneath the washing machine) and scrape one of my doors with the washing machine while bringing it back into the home.
I wouldn't recommend Hillside Appliance Service for any type of work.
They are incompetent, unapologetic, and extremely expensive.
Shop around if you need this type of service.
I wish I had had a referral to begin with.

My LG Front Load washer got clogged up when my house cleaner washed the bath rugs.
Never a problem in the past, however this time the backing disintegrated inside the machine - for everyone out there, this is a major DON'T - and the rubber backing clogged everything and I mean EVERYTHING up.
The entire washer had to be taken apart and carefully washed out, hoses cleared and then put back together.
Leonard is friendly and knowledgable.
He also replaced the ignitor mechanism on my gas stove, and now everything is back to normal and working just fine.
No hidden charges, no mess and minimal fuss.
Absolutely exceptional customer service and Leonard arrived exactly when he said he would.
I will definitely be using their services in future (hopefully, not too soon).
Always love to support small business owners - and this is one of the great ones.
Many thanks.

Wonderful, fast service.
Leonard was very friendly, on time and honest about what needed to be repaired and what didn't.
We had an ice maker go out, not something that you HAVE to have so it was nice to get the pros and cons of replacing it or not.
Courteous on the phone, in person and great service!

Leonard was at my house within one hour of my call on a saturday to look at my refrigerator that stopped working.
He quickly diagnosed the problem and had it repaired within 5 hours, replacement parts and all.
He is obviously very knowledgeable in this field and his prices were very fair.

Nice guy, and he came out same day.
It's my own fault I didn't ask UP FRONT how much he charges for labor.
Basically charged me $50 to come to my house and tell me I need to replace my washing machine.
It took less than 10 minutes.
Yeah, I didn't ask, but for good customer service, you usually would tell the person, "I have a $50 service minimum.

Leonard just left after fixing my washing machine that wouldn't drain.
This was after two other companies did not show up as promised and one earlier today who told me to just buy a new one (my washer is only 4 years old).
When I called mid-afternoon, Cathy was so sympathetic after I told her my story she promised someone would be at my home before 5.
Leonard arrived by 3:30.
Within minutes he found the drain motor that had been installed only 4 months ago by a different company was not wired correctly and was no longer connected.
He rewired the motor connection, and the washer works like a champ.
I've never been so excited to do laundry.
Thank you Cathy and Leonard for being professional, courteous, sympathetic, and prompt-making this a truly pleasurable experience.
And when do you ever feel that way after a household repair?
You are the only company I will call in the future.

My dryer was not drying my clothes on a Sunday morning!!
I called around noon and was told he would be out between 2-4.
I then received a call back and was asked many questions about what exactly was happening with the dryer.
Based on my answers, he went ahead and brought the part he believed was the problem.
He than arrived at 2 (not 4), was correct in his over the phone assessment and was able to fix my dryer within 1/2 hour!
Very friendly, very efficient, and even reminded me of my online coupon!
Thanks so much!

My freezer was melting so I got on yelp and searched emergency appliance repair.
They have great reviews and their info said they did refrigerators so it was an easy choice.
I spoke with Cathy at about 8:30 am and Leonard was here in about two hours.
He opened the freezer door and with out doing anything else knew what the problem was.
He was great because he explained everything the whole way through.
What part was broke, why it broke, how he was going to fix it and why that fix is going to last.
Great service the whole way through from my initial call to the final repair.
I admittedly have some dated appliances so I'm sure I'll be calling them soon haha.

My mother's washer recently broke down and after looking on Yelp, we came across Hillside Appliances.
Thanks to all the great reviews, we gave them a call, and Leonard & his son were at our house 10 minutes later - no joke...10 mins.
They gave us a quote and fixed our washer in no time.
Their prices were cheaper than the competitors and we can't say enough about their professionalism and kindness.
We highly recommend Hillside Appliances and will be going to them for any future appliance needs.

Incredible service.
These guys helped me with a repair on my dryer and saved me 100's of dollars at the same time.
Thanks Hillside!

