Bought a great pair of their 'eddie' ballet flats here on sale...deal.
This store gives good...customer service that is.
They noticed my sunglass case was a little too old and gave me a new one of theirs...lovely.
I returned a few weeks later during their friends and family night and purchase a different color of the same shoe...perfect for traveling and the lovely shaded purples ones will be a great pop of color with my comfy and neutral travel clothes!
Hey if you see that girl walking by the Seine in Paris with the purple shoes...it's me!

I may do more window shopping here than purchasing, but boy is it happy window shopping!
When I'm not spending money in my head as I browse through the store, I am saving up my pennies to make a purchase.
I'm not a huge fan of Tory Burch clothes, but I'm a sucker for their shoes and purses.
The store itself is quaint but decorated true to Tory style.
The purses and clothes are in the front and the shoes are in the back.
Whether your trying to get ideas for a new item on your wish list, in the market for a new purchase or simply want to waist time by looking at pretty things, Tory Burch is the perfect option and is a happy place for all the grown up girls.

It was great to go into an actual Tory store but I was disappointed by the limited selections.
True, they had things that the bigger stores who carry her line don't carry (and that was fantastic) but on the other hand, those other stores carry more choices of her things.
Keep that in mind when you go shopping here and you will be fine.

I love tory burch!!
My first paycheck post grad I bought myself a pair of Revas at the tory burch in sf.
I went in yesterday and bought my first tory bag and got it with my $50 off birthday coupon and was offered water and diet coke.
I love the whole shopping will be back her post first nursing paycheck and do some damage maybe buy a simon cardigan i've been eyeing!

This is way too much like walking into Daddy Warbuck's little girl's closet while she's away at school hazing new sorority sisters.
Whew.
No mistaking who lives here, with all the giant T's and B's in metal and leather and fabric on every item.
The true rush of owning a Tory Burch pair of shoes or conspicuously grand handbag is the reaction of other women.
omg.
I mean, OMG.
So for the label pullers and saliva losers who care, I shopped for shoes and a bag.
omg.
I mean really, OMG.
I will accept a cool drink while they run the charge.

Love everything about this place.
The bags to the shoes :)) shoes to the accessories.
Oh man.
Can't go wrong here.
I recently got their double zip Robinson bag with a matching wallet.
Gasppppp.
To die for.
And the gold medal clutch as well.
gave me two bottle of water and boom.
We're done.
:)  The ladies here are very friendly and helpful.
Also kind and patient to my crazy nephew who is a constant monkey grabbing things, jumping on chairs and tables.
Lolz.

The staff at Tory Burch is amazing.
They always remember my name, even if I haven't been in the store in a few months.
They have great things for winter, and such cute boots!
The quality of the clothing is always top notch.
I love their cardigans with the big gold buttons.
I wish they carried more cute handbags in the store though.

Very cute store.
Reminds me of a girls night out of shopping.
The way the store is decorated it is like a dream come true closet.
Your always immediately greeted by the friendly staff who are always decked out in Tori Burch merchandise.
The staff makes you feel at home.
Never pushy just helpful.
Everything is neatly displayed though out the store.
I find myself picking up the merchandise and admiring it.
The staff has no problem if you  pick the items to give yourself a visual of what the items would like if you owned them.
Now I am a huge fan of the purses and handbags.
The clothing is not really my style however some of the dresses I have seen the staff wear are cute but not really around my price range.
I like the shoes but my feet are to flat for some of the styles.
I have yet to try on a comfortable pair of heels but to all those who can survive the Tori Burch heels I wish I could trade you feet they are too cute.
The staff has you wait on some comfy couches will offering soda, water or wine.
They make you feel right at home.
The few items I have purchased from this store are quality.
I love the styles and they have lasted a while.
Will return again.

Love this location.
The staff are always very nice and friendly.
I feel bad because sometimes they seem a bit overwhelmed at the mall's busy times, but they bring you soda, water etc to make you comfortable while you wait.
There are also nice couches in the back to sit on.
This location also has a great selection on full priced new items AND sale items.
I feel like they always have unique shoes and purses on sale that I don't find online or in other stores.

I love Tory Burch for their flip flops!
Store is very organized and comfortable.
Great couches for those who are trying on shoes or waiting on a shopper.
Jennifer is very helpful and sent a nice thank you email after my purchases.
All staff are friendly and don't have a grumpy stuck up attitude like most stores in Fashion Square Mall.
If you are looking for flip flops that will last you awhile and are chic- try the Thora sandals- been a long time favorite of mine!
I wear these year-round.
I will be back soon.. Perhaps a new purse !

Unfortunately this store feeds my lust for luxury goods.
Every time I make the drive up from Tucson..
I always try to come by.
This store is set up like my dream closet!
The staff here like many other Tory Burch stores are always on top of it.
The customer service is A+.
I absolutely hate it when salespeople try to push things on me, but these people never do!
In fact they know just the right moment to jump in and help as I'm contemplating a shoe or a shirt.
Oh and did I mention they offer little cokes and or water as you shop?

