Situated right across from The Crags pub is New Garden Grove, a friendly and inviting Chinese takeaway which served me well when I stayed in student accomodation just a five minute walk away.
The owner welcoming and humble and there are plenty of magazines to read as you wait for the food.
The menu is extensive with all the usual chow mein and sweet and sour dishes, but they also serve chips and rice in a variety of sauces for those not quite hungry enough for a full blown meal.
The prices are as one would expect from any Chinese takeaway, about £5 for main courses, yet the food is excellent.
I had the crispy beef in a hoisin sauce with their special fried rice which was delicious and I could have added prawn crackers to this for only 50p!
I would unhesitantly recommend New Garden Grove forthe quality and value of its service and food.

Usually I'm extremely wary of chinese takeaways that seem too cheap to be true; it usually seems like a great idea at the time, until it comes back to haunt you a few hours later.
But New Garden Grove manages to defy this rule.
I've eaten more takeaways form here than I care to remember or admit, especially during my first year of uni as it's right beside Pollock Halls, and I've never been disappointed.
There are loads of mains under £5 (although these prices don't include rice or chips), and they always have really good specials on the board when you go in.
On my most recent visit, for example, I had Udon noodles with beef in a chilli and garlic sauce and it set me back a grand total of £5.
When you compare that to the price of a takeaway pizza or even a disgusting kebab, you have to admit it's pretty good value for money.
If you don't live anywhere near this place, don't worry as they offer a home delivery service.
You can also pay by card if your bill is more than £7.

I've almost crawled over to this chinese take away at the most indecent hours, wallowing in self-pity and starvation!
Situated just next to student pub Crags, it was just a three minute walk from my university residence and conveniently stayed open much later than many other take-out restaurants!
The man who's been behind the counter is quite friendly, but moreso to my friend than he with me..
I wonder what I did!
After tasting the most delicious meal off a friend, I realized (????
) doesn't a pretty identical version, of shredded fried chicken with honey and chili; extremely indulgent and unhealthily sweet, but gets my vote everytime!
New Garden Grove is quite cheap as well, so will definitely not break the bank.

Seriously...5 stars for this place??
It's not too bad but definitely not worth 5 when you have Hong's to go to, or at least Karen Wong's down the road.
Yes I will agree it is cheap as f**k, and foung outside the Crags and across the road from Pollock this is probably what keeps them in business as the food is pretty bland.
Refreshingly not doused in grease, the food still lacks flavour.
It is bang average, and whilst perfectly acceptable after a session in the pub, isn't going to be a revelation to your palate.
Sometimes when I've had it, the noodles have been pretty hard too, which is never a good thing.
Yes it is really cheap, but you get what you pay for and I'd prefer to shell out a little more for much better food.
Save this for a drunken purchase, as you're only going to be disappointed otherwise

For crappy greasy takeaway... it's pretty good.
Yelp led me here.
The stuff wasn't overcooked, nor overgreased.
Simple, takeaway, decent food.
Cheap (£5.60 for a main with a load of rice).
The owner suggested his black bean beef, but then asked if I wanted pork instead...   Of course I wanted the One Magical Animal...
Totally decent.
Nothing massively special.
Super nice people running the place, and putting up with hordes of uni students drunkenly tromping through.
Filling.

