Good Seed Bistro fills in the gap of good, locally sourced food that you can afford to have on a regular basis.
We were greeted very warmly as soon as we entered, I wasn't expecting it but it's a welcome change.
My curiosity got the better of me and I ordered Potato Gateaux.
What arrived on the plate was a light, cheese and ham dish that tasted creamy but didn't leave that oily taste in your mouth.
My half of the bill came to less than £6 including a drink, I dare you to find cheaper for this kind of quality!

Good Seed is an Italian bistro near Princes Street which offers great vegetarian food at reasonable prices.
I've been here twice and both times the staff have been friendly and attentive, seeing to our every need from the moment we walked in the door.
The menu isn't huge, but this is sometimes a good sign and they still have a great range of starters, mains and deserts to choose from.
Both times I went for the four cheese gnocchi which is filling, delicious and hardly takes any time to arrive.
My friend loves the garlic mushrooms which look pretty tasty, along with the rest of their food.
Even if, like me, you're a meat lover, Good Seed Bistro is still well worth a look.

We found Good Seed by accident as we walked toward our hotel from the train station.
The food was exceptional- the flavor, presentation, ingredients; the owner/chef and his wife were very friendly and provided excellent conversation and service.
We will definitely go back if we ever return to Edinburgh!
Molto Bene!!
Delish!

Good Seed.
How nice a wee name is that?
Nestled quite far up Dalry Road, it's not somewhere I'd pass by often so I was glad of a chance to dine here for a networking lunch.
Said networking lunch had a set lunch menu.
I saw that their regular lunch is two courses for £7 I think.
Good value.
For my lunch itself, parts of it were wonderful and others just a little more 'miss' than hit but I think it is just the dish I ordered.
Looking around the large table, others looked really special.
So maybe a case of knowing what to order here?
*Points to uploaded photos* My starter of aubergine rolls with salami was just...mmmm.
Yup.
Good.
Nom.
Gone.
Fresh, and quality, ingredients meant this simple dish really spoke for itself.
No fuss, just a bit of salad and divine balsamic vinegar.
My main.
Hmm.
When it arrived (points to this photo again: http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz_photos/Q3L-Z5iBzvNn6eNdkRT5CA?select=x2CfRgI2Hx9_uZnvNJRfrA ) I have to say I was a little disappointed.
The pork and apple stew with pesto mashed potato.
Don't judge a book by its cover, but considering the...sloppy nature of the dish, a bowl may have been more appropriate.
It just didn't speak to me.
And the dish itself, the sauce had no real flavour whilst the pork was maybe a tad overcooked.
It was perfectly fine, the mashed potatoes were nice.
But compared to the stellar starter, a little let down.
However, the chicken caesar salad others had gave me major food envy.
Freshly grilled, to perfection, hunks of chicken on fresh leaves.
If I'd ordered that my review would certainly have been 4 stars.
I would like to come back here and try again.
I should really trust myself -pork isn't my meat anyway.

This is a nice little place on Dalry Road.
I've walked past it many, many times and only recently went in for my dinner with some friends.
There was no set menu as it was evening time, but the menu looked extensive and there were some nice options to choose from.
I went for a chorizo sausage stew starter and a pasta bake main course.
The stew was absolutely lovely - I really enjoyed it.
Very flavoursome and sufficiently gooey and sloppy to constitute a stew.
Very nice.
The only downside is that it was gone in three mouthfuls.
I wasn't too bothered with the tiny portion size for the starter, as I'd specifically asked the waitress for something hearty and filing for my main course as I was starving.
The pasta bake arrived and again the portion size was very small.
I have never seen such a delicate little pasta bake.
These kinds of dishes are meant to have a homemade, hearty feel to them, no?
Unfortunately the bake wasn't very good - I would have made it more to my liking at home.
Not enough veggies or sauce or cheese.
It was very dry and quite rubbery.
Shame really.
I was still hungry because of the small plates of food so ordered key lime pie to finish the dinner off.
It was very nice too - home made apparently and it did taste lovely.
I'd recommend this!
The ambience is quite nice - you can hold a conversation without shouting over music and the waiting staff were very friendly, so I'd give the place a positive for that.
But all in all, quite an average experience for me.
Not sure I'll be back in there any time soon for dinner.
I'd maybe venture the set menu for lunch as it's less expensive.

