Do not seek any service from Athena Marie Olson.
I have been a customer of hers for nearly two years and between her and her office, I have never dealt with any service provider that is as ditsy, unorganized, unprofessional and ignorant as her and her team.
The first time I had an issue with her team was almost a year ago when I realized that she had been taking too much out of my account.
It ended up totaling $587.35 that she had overdrawn over a few months.
When I contacted her about it, she chopped it up to "oops, an accounting error" and reimbursed me.
It took me almost 2 months to be reimbursed and numerous follow up calls and emails.
Had I not looked in depth to my account, I would have never noticed her stealing extra money every month.
My mistake for confusing her and her team but I bought a car and moved within one week.
I understand, a lot of changes for people who get simple things confused.
It took me three phone calls and about three follow up phone calls from her team to just update their system.
Every time her team member called me back, they had lost the information I had originally told them and I had to repeat myself again.
Not sure if they are working on post-it notes over there, but it should not be that hard.
The most recent episode is that she cancelled my coverage without properly notifying me.
I changed my debit card number a few months ago.
I did my due diligence and called all my auto payment providers.
I thought her team was withdrawing directly through my checking account.
I was wrong, and yes, that one is my fault for not catching it.
I recently got a quote for insurance, just to compare, and the other insurance agency notified me I had a lapse in coverage.
You can understand my surprise since I had never missed a payment with State Farm.
I called Athena and she told me they mailed me letters to notify me.
When I asked her what address she sent them to, it was my old address (the one it took 6 phone calls to update - or wait - they never updated it).
No phone call from her letting me know they would cancel it...no email...nothing, no warning whatsoever.
My record now shows a lapse in coverage due to her team not notifying me.
Please don't make my mistake and go with another provider.
You will be a lot happier than I am today.

This agent and team is the worst they don't do what you ask them to do.
The staff is less than helpful and they behave in a dishonest manner.
I asked the office to do a specific task and I had to call their corporate number all to get a policy cancelled.
They in turn have lost all my business to another carrier!

Trying to cancel an automotive policy has been a complete nightmare with this agent and her staff.
Currently, six calls have been placed to the agent and the state farm 1-800 number to try to get this sorted out.
The prior staff that was in the office excellent in help, and was great to work with, the current staff not so much.
The issue arose when a new car was purchased, was given an initial quote of XX dollars, but, then the billing came in nearly 30 dollars higher, I decided to look elsewhere.
To make things even stranger, once the cancellation was requested, the policy price suddenly went down to what the original quote was with no explanation.
- I do have an email from them confirming that the policy was canceled.
- I have printouts from the state farm website showing the policy 14 days later still hasn't been canceled.
- I have copies of all paperwork that shows and supports my statement above.
Update 1 (1/31/14) Policy FINALLY canceled on on 1/30/2014, 16 days after they said it would be completed.
Update 2  (2/7/14) Now, there are billing issue still left to resolve.
They still want to bill 8x monthly cost of one policy that was left in effect.

