So this is the 24-hour gift shop/anything you need store at Aria.
Swim suits, tape, scissors, a hat, sunscreen, potato chips ... it's kinda like a fancy Walgreen's.
If you're staying at Aria and decide you want some bubbly or wine, forget room service!
I asked the concierge if there was a price difference in buying a few bottles from Elements versus ordering from room service, and she highly suggested Elements.
They had bottles of bubbly that ranged $20-200, which was more than reasonable compared to the least expensive $60 bottle of never-heard-of brand.
We were doing a little lingerie shower in the suite before our first night on the town, so six bottles of Korbel at $20 a pop was well within budget.
Service was friendly, the place is spacious, and once again, it's open 24-7.

A convient store inside the Aria hotel opened for 24 hours all day, everyday!
They sell liquor, swimsuits, candy, shirts, etc.
The prices are a bit higher, but it's way cheaper than to take a taxi and go elsewhere on the strip.
Pretty convienent for hotel guests.
The lady said they are opened everyday including holidays!
I should've figured; it's in a casino.

This is a 24 hour LV Casino store on steroids.
It's deceptively huge and sells anything you could want pretty much.
It has the items that you would need for a hotel stay in case you forgot something (toiletries/drugs/lotions).
They have food and drink items to party it up or to take to your room (snacks/alcohol/drinks).
They have a huge array of souvenirs and Aria paraphernalia to satisfy any taste.
I have never seen so many different types of Aria shot glasses.
lol.
They have higher end gifts such as expensive tea or nice bottles of wine or even expensive sunglasses.
We found a lot of different little items to give away as souvenirs so it was a good find.
Of course, I bought my 5-hr energy for the drive home as well.

A bit pricey but it's all good.
Good they have a shop in the hotel.
They have range of stuff.

It's a very nice, upscale gift shop that is open 24 hours for whatever you need while you're staying in the hotel.
Candy, Soda, Water, T-Shirts, Smokes, Shot Glasses, Bottle Openers, you know the standard tchotchky/convenience store you find in a resort.
This one is no different......useless stuff, high prices.....you know you're as guilty as me and buy stuff from these places from time to time.....that's when you kick yourself for forgetting the toothpaste and spend $7 for a tube the size of your thumb that will last 1 trip.
Gotta love it!
Return Factor - 80%

Elements is a gift shop in Aria that sells cigarettes , snacks and some interesting , random gifts and suveniors .
They had blackjack strategy cards for $2 which was kinda random but nice .
The snacks and beverages at this store might be kind of overpriced just like everything else in Vegas but the great thing about this store is that they're open 24 hours .

I had to walk my butt all the way here from Vdara after asking the concierge where the nearest "convenience store" was.
Vdara didn't have one... so off I go!
After passing by their large buddha with bills and change strewn about, I found this lovely store.
The front has tons of "touristy" goodies... sweatshirts, keychains, purses, jewelry, etc.
The further into the store you go, the more practical the items for sale.
All I needed here was some Advil and Pepto.
Hey... it's Vegas... don't judge.
They have small "travel size" packages for those who don't want to buy whole bottles/containers.
They also have fridges along the wall filled with drinks and snacks nearby.
The service here isn't stellar.
It's a 24 hour location, so they're probably tired.
I would be too.
So many drunkies.
Anyway.
I recommend this place for people staying at Vdara.
And Aria... obviously.

The convience store located inside Aria it pretty much sells everything!
Clothes,  cheesy souvineers, snacks, drinks.
The $4 20 oz drink and small bag of chips was a great deal for a Casino store though.

I love this place, simply love it.
It is my style... the jewelry, the clothes, the hats, the soaps, the lotions.
I have never seen a store that took all of me into it.
I have a few clothing items from here and some jewelry.
If I stay at Aria again, I'm sure I'll be in here again looking for something I don't need.

This place has everything you may need at a random moment's notice.
We were walking off the buffet food and we were browsing in this store for a souvenir of sorts for my sister.
We found entertainment in all of the items that they had for sale.
This store has everything!
We noticed an array of items such as classy design shot glasses or aria logo shot glasses, wine bottles, liquor, snacks, hair brushes of all kinds, aria apparel, nail polish, bath goods, medicine, fine jewelry, our favorite Teaforté tea canisters, even playful intimate gifts such as edible body lotion, feather teaser/whip, and aphrodisiac candles - The list goes on with everything that they had available for purchase!
What actually caught my eye, was the dressy clothing they had out on display for women.
I saw an elegant and sexy black dress that I had to try on, it was perfect for my upcoming birthday next week!
I loved the cut and style of the dress, plus the beading on the sleeves were gorgeous!
The price of the dress was steep ($128), but it's obviously in line with typical casino store pricing.
Also, they seemed short staffed, but the service was extremely professional and helpful.
We definitely enjoyed this store!

This store is shaped really odd, they get 3 stars because the woman saw me looking around confused and really helped me find what I was looking for.

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(167/365) "Style Elements"  You never know what you can find here.Kinda like an upscale sundries shop, you got your grab and go stuff like drinks and snacks(but you're even better off  walking right across to Jean Philippe Patisserie!
;)  but on the serious side though, you can also find cool things here.
I've seen things like sweet Adidas track suits and more recently, a cool looking shirt on a mannequin.
This place has a tendency to make you spend on things that you don't really need.
but you get it anyway!
If you find yourself wandering inside Aria, check Elements out, you never no what you may find.
ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  3

