Craigie's Farm is a hidden gem!
Just on the outskirts of Sth Queensferry, the farm specialises in, well, everything "farm-ie".
A great indoor deli style Market with butcher, fruit and veg, bakery and quirky one off condiments that the high street shops wouldn't dare stock make walking around browsing a wee adventure.
All the produce is beautifully presented and it oozes freshness.
A cafe is situated at the back of the indoor pavilion offering local hot and cold delicacies...the quiche and various panini's a stand out in my opinion.
The best thing about Craigie's however is the fact that you're encouraged to walk around the farm amongst the cows, pigs and chickens making it the perfect destination for families with little and even big kids.
An outdoor alfresco area overlooking a play park being the win/win parents and kids alike look for.
A great place to visit, pick up your fruit, veg and meat and kill an hour or two letting the kids run ragged whilst you sit back and enjoy a latte and a slice of cake, perfect.

I love Craigie's.
The coffee and home baking is delicious, and the food on offer from the deli section is fantastic.
A great place for buying little gifts or treats for yourself!
I particularly like the butcher, which offers 7 different portions of meat for £26 (I think that's the price!
), so I like to restock my freezer each time I visit.
There is loads of parking room and is well sign posted from the main road between Edinburgh and South Queensferry.
It is very child friendly, with plenty of room to park prams and a big basket of toys inside for children to root through.
If it's a nice day, there are loads of picnic tables/outdoor seating available, and a cordoned off area where it's safe to let the children run about to burn off their energy!
There's an old tractor parked there which is safe for them to climb all over, a firm favourite with my daughter.
As well as the deli and coffee shop, there is loads of other activities you can take part in.
There is a pick-your-own fruit area, nature trails and places to see the animals.
There are several cycling/walking trails for family exercise, maps for these are provided by Craigie's.
They also organise events such as wine and cheese evenings,  cookery classes and farm tours.
The website is very informative but there's often signs up around the farm shop itself to tell people about upcoming events!
Give it a shot, if only for the home made chocolate brownies.
No, the millionaire shortbread.
Actually, go for the carrot cake.
Or all of them, you won't regret it!

If I wanted to sum up my life in a retirement dream filled universe with puppies and fresh veggies and people coming to visit my pigs... Craigie Farm is living the dream.
We got some teeny chickens (my boyfriend calls them game, but whatever) because I won't eat meat unless they had an adorably happy life...  ...and we got Joey (my awesome dog) a canine snack and we locked her in the kennel while we shopped cause fuck her she can't have farm fresh teeny chickens...  ...and we got raspberries and strawberries and gooseberries and I made a farm fresh crumble!
... and we took the pup for a stroll around the quarry and she was just happy as a clam...  ... and we got bread which frankly broke all my July dieting plans (again)...
Without any doubt as an old hippie woman with my infinite amount of rescued puppies and flowy skirts and hippie proverbs...
I would like me a Craigie Farm-like place to call my own.
Until then I will visit and dream.

