Really cant believe the stupidity of the caliber of employees,  4 different Carls Jr. Managers from 2 stores.
First store place order...order was discovered to be wrong NOT only the wrong burger, but absolutely plain several mins later after I left was on HWY....another Carls Jr. store on the way home I stop tell them the problem.
NOW SAME OWNERS OF THESE LOCATIONS...I ASKED FIRST QUESTION... the store asst.
managers both tell me NO they cant replace the burger from both stores...I have witnesses (a friend and 6 customers, 1 of whom left once she heard what was going on).....It gets better they both say they cant give away free food....and they dont want to get in trouble for it....MEANWHILE IM HEATED AND LAUGHING FROM THE STUPIDITY......Its was listen I paid for this shit $8.17 to be exact...your not giving me anything for free...Im looking for what I paid for...Meanwhile Now the Managers of each store is involved on phone and THEY REFUSED.......WTF REALLY IS WRONG WITH  YOUNG PEOPLE THESE DAYS...IS OUR YOUNGER GENERATION OF KIDS REALLY THIS DUMB!!
To FINISH I will be calling Corporate on both stores, the BBB, and emailing sites all over the internet.

Per Shawns review above.
I was with him when this happened.
Really as a company how are you going to get the order wrong...and then not replace it after he paid for it...location should not matter.

I think this is one of the best fast food restaurants in Phoenix...and I can be a very picky guy!
I used to live in the Biltmore area and often found myself stopping by for a quick bite.
Their staff was ALWAYS friendly and kind...and food hot, fresh and tasty.
I think their prices are good and I can honestly say I've never gotten a bad meal there.
As for the other review here, it may be possible this Carl's Jr location is a franchise and not financially linked with other restaurants with the same name.
So...location may matter ALOT!!

Um, no.
I need to quit eating fast food anyway, but...ugh.
I just moved out west and had never eaten at a Carl's Jr.  Won't be eating there again.

This Carls Jr sucks royally!
The cashiers were MIA for several minutes.
Finally some dopey looking girl came out and asked me what I wanted.
I placed my order.
She nodded, typing it into the machine.
Then she looks up at me again with that dopey expression.
She clumsily hands me one of those plastic numbers and a cup.
I'm not sure if she was stoned or mentally challenged or whatever.
I got my drink and sat down, making sure I placed the number where it could be seen.
I waited...and waited.
finally another cashier wandered over and timidly asked me if I'd been helped yet.
I replied yes and handed her my receipt.
She apologized and went to inform the cook.
Another ten minutes later I get my food and by then my appetite is gone.
But I ate anyway.
meanwhile some drunk guy gets up from the back and starts bugging people for money.
It took the staff ten minutes to remove him.
Don't go to this one unless you are starving to death.

I love Carl's Jr.!
I was a bit surprised by the service at this location.
I come here quite often.
But today I was concerned with the service provided.
It was busy and the cashier stated he would be with me in a second.
Since he was running both dining and drive thru.
I had another employee come out of the office with a manager shirt on and wearing spandex pants.
REALLY??
Never gave me a proper greeting.
When I ordered and payed she placed my cup and number on the counter and did state they would bring it out.
I went to sit down and she brought me my food, did ask if I needed anything else.
I HOPE she was not the manager there.
A few second later a different employee came out with food for the table behind me and asked them if they needed anything and thanked them for coming in.
I am trying to understand the service, also her use of Spandex!!

I went here on my birthday.
Had a coupon for buy one get one free TURKEY teriyaki burgers.
Was rudely cut off while making order.
What I received was teriyaki hamburgers.
They made me and a friend feel sick that night.
Was told that I'd get a call back and my money.
Never got a refund or call back.
Complained to the Better Business Bureau and they never responded.
Go else where for better food and service.

Due to being rerouted by construction I have stopped here a couple of times for a quick snack.
Not really my favorite area of town but the food was prepared correctly and the place was clean.
The one time I used the restroom it was also clean.

The service here was fine.
The food came out faster than I remember in the past.
I think Carl's Jr food is something you have to acquire a taste for.
I never have.

Not even worth 1 star!
This location is SLOW!!!!
I waited in a packed drive thru for a half an hour until I got my meal.
I come here a few times a week and my order is usually wrong.
It seems like the people that work here are more interested in having fun with each other then actually doing their job.
After today I have made the decision ever to eat here again.

Horrible..
Famous star meal no cheese and hi c is what I asked for..
Came to the Window found out they had no hi c..
Came home found out they had extra cheese on my burger.. Never going again

I would give a 1 star but I don't like doing that.
The employees were semi-nice, but don't go out of their way.
But seriously if I have to wait 15 minutes for my food I am not going to be happy.
The guy in front of me waited for 1 cheeseburger for 17 minutes.
They are not even busy??
I don't get it.
How about you hire more than 2 employees to get you through an evening.
It's highly annoying!
It is always like this at this location, so don't be surprised if you have to wait a half hour to get your food.
Your better off going to a sit down place.
Also, if you ordered your food to go, make sure you check the bag before you go.
They will always forget your fries.

One of the worst salads    Carl's Jr and I have always had an on again off again relationship based on their hit and miss quality of food.
I have had some great food at Carl's Jr and some of the absolute worst food a Carl's Jr.  Today, the absolute worst took on a whole new meaning.
Two co-workers and I decided to grab a quick bite to eat.
So we headed to Carl's Jr for a salad.
I was really disappointed.
We ordered the grilled chicken salad which consisted of wilted mixed greens, unripe tomato and chicken which was like pencil eraser pellets, didn't seem like real meat.
I just could not bring myself to even eat one piece.
Not appetizing at all.
I tried to pick out all the wilted green, unripe tomatoes, and unappetizing chicken.
I thought okay things should be better.
Now with the horrible chicken taste removed all that was left was cucumbers.
Don't think I will be back any time soon.

