This was an amazing experience, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who has a problem with heights!
This definitely asks you to face those fears.
This is a pretty unique structure that is shaped in an arch that extends out over the gap of the Grand Canyon.
Before you just go out and step on the glass, they ask you to slip on little cloth "shoes" on over your regular shoes.
Probably so you don't scratch the glass while you're walking across.
It is crazy to look down and see the Grand Canyon below your feet.
And you're up pretty high!
I think it's about 4,000 feet high?
I was able to walk along with ease, but other people had a much harder time.
I felt so sorry for one woman because she obviously had a major problem with heights and her husband had to pretty much drag her all the way across.
She was making a huge fuss but she eventually made it to the other side of the arch and everyone clapped for her - poor woman!
They have a photographer walking around while you're observing and they'll snap a couple of pictures of you if you want.
Once you finish your "walk", there's a gift shop that will print your photos for you if you wish to buy them.
If you're visiting the Grand Canyon, I would definitely recommend doing this.
It's mind blowing!

The Grand Canyon Skywalk is breathtaking.
Anyone who decides to visit the Grand Canyon should experience the Skywalk!
It's located at Eagle Point and is truly spectacular!
Believe it or not, my tour guide mentioned that the glass used to create the bridge can hold as much weight as SEVEN AK-47 helicopters!
During my visit, I was also able to check out Guano Point - the view of the Grand Canyon from there was exceptional.
The Skywalk was supposed to be built at Guano Point but didn't have the capacity to.
Regardless, Eagle Point has an amazing view of the Grand Canyon as well.
There are so multiple professional photographers roaming around the Skywalk so be sure to get your picture taken!
As gorgeous as the pictures turn out, they are a bit expensive.
Given you aren't allowed to bring cameras or digital devices onto the Skywalk, the pictures will cost you about $30 each!
A bit pricey but totally worth the memories.

This is awesome!
If you make it to the Grand Canyon, you should definitely take advantage of this!
The skywalk is not only a technical achievement (it weighs 1.6 million pounds and can carry 822 people that weigh 200 pounds each), it's also breathtaking!
If you're extremely scared of heights, this may not be for you.
But the glass is super thick and can hold a ton of weight, so just don't look down!
If you do look down though, you'll see the Grand Canyon in all its glory right below your feet!
WHOA.
You get a fantastic view of the Grand Canyon and photographers come around and take pictures for you to take home (you have to pay extra for this, though)!
Before you go on the skywalk, you have to put on these little cloth things that go over your shoe.
When you exit the skywalk, you get this silly "Certificate of Achievement" for going on the Skywalk!
Woot woot!

True Exhilaration!There's beauty, there's magic and there's a spiritual feeling that envelops you as you become a part of the whole while on the skywalk.
The canyons are breathtaking!
But experiencing it on the skywalk is indescribable!
I would rate this amongst my most favorite things ever done.
I loved how the entire tour takes around 3.5 hours and allows you chances to truly experience the life of the Indians that lived here.
There is some decent food at two points and the tour guides are a lot of fun with interesting anecdotes about the canyons, the vegetation, the history and the culture.
At all points of the tour -Hualapai ranch, Guana point, I felt a deep connect with our ancestors.
We loved the performances at the different points which recreated life as it was in the past.
Next time, I want to do rafting and get some pictures.on the skywalk, hopefully, they won't be as expensive as the 30 bucks they cost now.

A lil shady on the pricing.
Whats up with the tickets costing 30 dollars and having to pay a mandatory "legacy pass" once you get to the skywalk.
Thats another 40 dollars on top of the ticket.
$70 dollars total to walk out a few feet and to walk back.
I'd rather pay about the same or cheaper and go to an amusement park like disneyland.
Why can't they just say the tickets are $70 dollars?
Why do they have to "blend" the verbiage about the additional cost in the same color as the rest of the page?
My guess would be so that people miss that note and is practically committed to paying that extra fee when they arrive after hours of driving.
PS.
on top of that you will need to pay 30 more if you want A picture taken on the skywalk.

Not the greatest view - relatively.
Save the horrendous additional fee that the Reservation charges and walk around Guano Point which is included in parking fee.
The views are better, more thrilling, More exhilarating.....
Even if Skywalk were free and Guano Point cost $30, Guano Point would still be better...

Although I feel that the Grand Canyon was cool to see, the way this place works is a total sham.
Basically, you pull up, they stick you in a parking lot, then charge you a bunch of money get on a bus where they drive you a whopping 5 miles round trip.
-Bus cost: 40 dollars -Skywalk cost: 32 dollars -Know up front to skip the Skywalk and save yourself 32 dollars: Priceless  Don't waste your money on the Skywalk.
The views from Eagle Point and Guano Point are great, you don't need the Skywalk.
Not only is it a ripoff, but the views through the glass don't even make it to the bottom of the canyon.
Of course, you don't know that because they won't allow you to take your own camera out on the Skywalk.
They instead opt to have someone else take pictures of you and charge you up the ass amounts for it like 17 dollars per photo.
If you do go to this location, DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THE SKYWALK.
Just take the bus ride.
Oh, and eat right before you leave or bring snacks.
The food there is a ripoff like everything else.

Ok, I really wanted to go to the Skywalk, but I wanted to drive myself rather than take a bus through another company.
We went to the Skywalk, but really anticipated getting into the Grand Canyon for free because it was National Park week.
WRONG!
Apparently, Grand Canyon West (where the Skywalk is) is privately owned and there is an entrance fee on top of the Skywalk fee.
Altogether, it was roughly $70 a person.
So, just consider the 2.5 hour drive from Vegas, about 15 miles on a dirt road and at least a $70 fee.
Don't get me wrong, the Skywalk is amazing, but the explanation of fees isnt very clear.

On a recent vacation in Las Vegas, my wife and I spent a day driving to the Skywalk at the Hualapai Indian Reservation at the Grand Canyon.
All in all it was a fun, amazing experience.
I did a lot of research online, and understood what it would cost going in.
We paid (online) for the Gold Legacy package which ran about $160 for the two of us... this covered parking, bus rides to the various points of interest around the area, lunch (very good!
), a discount for buying my wife a ring at one of the gift shops, and of course, the Skywalk, which is the real reason to go here... if you hear about the Skywalk and drive there without knowing what it costs, yes, I can imagine some people get a bit annoyed, since it is a two and a half hour drive from Las Vegas, 15 miles of which is over a dirt road that felt rough in my truck, and probably damaged the Mustang that followed me up...
I watched a Discovery Channel show about the building of the Skywalk before we left, and I was floored at what it took to build it, in money, man-power, and balls... my wife is Native American, and I can't begrudge tribes from creating industries to take care of themselves... no, the day isn't cheap, but it is worth it... walking on the Skywalk itself, on sheets of glass, 4000 feet over the Grand Canyon, was an experience that will always resonate in my memory as amazing... for less than the cost of an average Las Vegas show, you can experience something truly unique and memorable... my wife and I had a great time and I don't regret a single minute or dollar spent...

Total rip off, worst attraction in America.
After a decent drive from Vegas, the last 15 miles are on a dirt road that will damage your car.
I'm not sure why they couldn't spend the money to pave it?
To access the Skywalk requires another 2 hour bus trip in which they drop you off at other "attractions" geared towards getting more money out of you.
The actual skywalk is is lame, the glass is scratched.
Worst 6 hours of my life.

I visited this place many years ago soon after it was open.
The visitor center was still under construction at the time.
As I went with a tour group, I wasn't sure of the prices and enjoyed the experience without that in the back of my mind.
Although the glass looked thin, it wasn't a thrilling or scary of an experience that I thought it would be.
It could be due to a lack of a reference point (like the side of a tall building when looking down) or it could that natural scenary looks the same from far away as it does close up (fractals in nature).
In any case, I stamped my foot to test the glass and even laid down on it for a photo.
Unfortunately, the photos taken by the Skywalk guides weren't that great at the time which I attribute to poor camera quality or perhaps a low resolution setup.

Such a mixed reaction.
The view and walk out are really memorable and beautiful.
Very cool and great bucket list item, but ... it's pretty expensive but the worst part is the "no personal effects" policy.
That means, you have to check anything in your pockets like your mobile phone and cameras... which is really all they care about.
They want you to take professional pictures with them and obviously pay for them... they claim that they worry people were dropping stuff and cracking the glass.
Yeah right.

A great way to see the grandeur of the Grand Canyon, but some very quirky rules.
No cameras, no phones, no metal, no shoes (they issue footies), all due to worries about scratching the observation glass??
Or...perhaps they want to make some $$ selling the photos their staff of photographers are more than happy to capture.
We just took a picture of the viewing screen, so mission was accomplished.
Pretty darn pricey, but a great view.
Met a strange man who tried to tell us the entire platform retracted into the ridge.
We fled the scene, convinced he might be a jumper!

I did my home work, read lots of reviews from yelp and tripadvisor, research for the most economical price.
I don't want to judge this place by "the amount I spend in return of enough activities worth".
I and my bf joined the one day tour.
The tour includes Eagle point (the Glass Bridge, Guano point & Hualapai Ranch.
Each spot is about 10 minutes away from each other and they have tour bus to take you there.
We went on a Thursday tour coz we found a non-peak deal.
We paid $125 per person.
Price included pick up from your hotel (at 7am), transportation to Skywalk round trip, meal ticket.
It takes about 3 hours from LV to skywalk, and they made a brief stop at the Hoover Dam for photo.
There was a 35 min ride on a non pave, dry, dusty road.
I think it is the best to take the tour bus instead of driving there on your own (in my humble opinion).
Our tour guide/bus driver gives us lots of info on the way.
Once we got to the Hualapai area, there was a big tent (the souvenir shop & restroom) and after retrieving the ticket to the skywalk, we hop on to the Hualapai tour bus and went straight to the skywalk.
The line wasn't bad on Thursday; we waited for less than 30 min.
Your personal belongings are not allowed on the glass bridge including camera, they have lockers for you to store your belongings and it is free.
They have workers to take photos for you.
I went in June, price for one photo is $30 and if you take more than $100 worth, you'll get a USB with all your photos to go home with.
Thanks to the people who wrote the review for that, I went home with a USB with more than 20 photos.
So I am doing the same to alert others.
I am not a scenery person, was the view spectacular?
Hell freakin yeah!
It was breath taking.
They served Chinese food at Eagle point but we didn't care except was too eager to go on the bridge.
So we had American food at Guano point.
Mediocre food needless to say but good food wasn't what we went for, so we participated.
We did not have enough time to go to the ranch after meal, so we skipped it.
All I know is the ranch has natives in costume and a petting zoo, (and BBQ I heard).
The tour wraps up at around 3pm.
exhausted bodies riding back to LV don't need any review, but we were happy and satisfied about the whole tour.
So here is the conclusion: Glass Bridge; spectacular!
All facilities are very "not-urbanized" beside the bridge.
The gift shop to retrieve your photo feels like one of those temporary real estate trailer offices, thumps down for that.
Guano point: breathe taking view but the nature should get most of  the credit in this part.
No commend on Hualapai Ranch coz we skipped it.
(we only had 45 min left before the pick up time.
) Mediocre food was not a surprise; there were no cooking facility, foods was brought up there, heat up & served.
Price for the photo: expensive but we made it worth.
4 stars for the tour company: the tour guide was a lady and she was very nice and informative about the tour.
(Coach America).
The only bad commend about the tour is the drop off .It might take a while to get to your hotel due to the crazy traffic of the strip, but that was unavoidable and part of the service.
Was it worth to go?
For us, "Yes" just off get it off the list.
Is it worth to go again?
For me, not until they urbanize all the facilities.
After all , "WE DID HAD AN AWSOME GOOD TIME".

If you need to kill time and blow some money do it.
Really stupid you can't take pictures, they just want to make more money.
Eagle point is just as cool of a view without shelling out the dough.

Great experience!!!
you have a wonderful view of the Grand Canyon and the Skywalk is not all that scary.
It is over 2 hours from Las Vegas but even the drive is not all that bad.
All in all you will be impressed...

The 360 view is awesome!
If we would've know to skip the skywalk which ran my girlfriend and I about $200 altogether I would've been fully satisfied with the West Rim entirely but they intelligently made guano point the last stop for a reason eventhough it's only 5 mins away.
Guano Point is beautiful!
You can see the color change in the canyon, the Colorado river and tons of red rock.
I wish I brought a hat and some shoes but I still made the small hike in sandals.
On hot sunny days I highly suggest bringing bottled water and snacks due to the outrageously Inflated prices for food and water at each stop.
Over all Guano Point was worth the West Rim if nothing else.
Would I go there again ....
Probably not but if you live in the US or visiting it is one of the natural wonders of the world and that's good enough for me.

We were here on wednesday and it was pretty cool.
We never been here before so it was amazing.
Prices were a little much but we had fun.
I suggest you go a little early cause it closes at 5pm.

Warning!
You cannot bring your camera, phone or anything that can take pictures.
They even have a metal detector to check you.
The Skywalk is a photo shoot trap!
Since you cannot bring your own camera, they've setup three guys to take your pictures and sell them to you at outrageous prices.
Ridiculous!
Furthermore, you cannot get to the Skywalk without buying a bus tour package.
The Skywalk is another charge on top of the tour package.
The food is ridiculously expensive too.
For 2 adults and two young kids, the tour bus and Skywalk cost was $212.
It felt like a rip off trap!
Never going back again.

Sooooo.. you want me to pay HOW MUCH?
To just walk on glass above the Grand Canyon?!?
Sooo.. the place is FULL OF TOURISTS ..
I noticed there are a lot of people from China and India..
I guess its part of their tour when they come to Nevada.
But anyhoo.. packages are expensive and not really worth the long drive from Las Vegas.
When you get there the lines are super long just getting to the skywalk, they make you wear those scrub shoes so you don't scratch the surface on the glass, and you walk literally on a small glass walkway where you get to take pictures by the photographers out there.
THey make you do CRAZY poses like "superman" or pretend that you are falling off the clifff.. just really really corny poses.... and if you are scared of heights, may not worth it for you to walk on it cause you can literally see at the very bottom of the Grand Canyon.
After your "photoshoot,"   they make you head downstairs where all the pictures are developed and try to con you to pay more money to pay for the pictures you took at the skywalk.
I felt like the whole place just try to make you spend money.. from food to tickets to photography.. you would think you are losing money from the casinos in las vegas, but forget that!
Just come to the skywalk and you will lose more money!
However, despite everything, the view of the Grand Canyon is quite remarkable!
Absolutely gorgeous but didnt think the whole skywalk thing was thAt amazing..  (:  *FYI: Tourists are not allowed to bring their own cameras on the skywalk.
They make you put your bags and camera in a locker room before you are allowed onto the skywalk.

I've been to the Grand Canyon before but this was my first time seeing The West side of the Canyon.
I enjoyed this trip but skipped one of the stops.
First off, $$ shouldn't really be the judge of this situation.
If you don't like spending $$, don't spend money and shut up about it.
If it's going to make you bitter to spend a little more money to go on the sky walk, then go to the other parts of the canyon and save a few bucks.
The skywalk isn't a must but it definitely was interesting.
You get to stand over the canyon but you are very close to the edge.
Upon entering there is a sign that warns that the skywalk is earthquake resistant only up to 8.0 (which was very scary).
The skywalk itself felt very sturdy and you get a photographer who will take as many pictures as you want so that later you can choose some and buy then if you choose to do so.
They are pricey $30/print, but we just bought one and it worked out since we didn't have anyone to take unlimited pix of us otherwise (only two of us).
I preferred Guano Point to the Skywalk.
The Skywalk was fun but I felt more impressed at the top of the little mountain on Guano Point.
You don't have to pay extra for that and you get this tremendous 360 view of the canyon, you can take AMAZING photos from here but be prepared to climb a little for the best view.
Also, at Guano Point you can eat lunch on top of the world!
For anyone coming from Vegas, the drive is pretty long but it's beautiful!
Once you get off the freeway the roadside gets prettier and prettier as you near the canyon because you enter a Joshua Tree forest.
Beware of cows and jackrabbits.
We almost hit a cow on our way in (they're right by the road).
Also, be warned that there is a long dirt road on the way to the canyon.
I enjoyed the dirt road but it was at least 30mins work of rugged landscape (very pretty, we played cowboy songs).
There is also a ranch leading up to the canyon and you can stop there for beer and food.
All in all the trip was long but I enjoyed it.
It was a different view of the canyon than I had ever seen before.
Not being able to take my camera on the skywalk was super annoying, something done to make money off of turning part of the res into a tourist attraction.
It makes sense so I didn't much mind.
The buses that take you to the different locations were very nice charter buses, so don't worry about getting an old beat up twinkie bus because that didn't happen.
Honestly I would've done this trip just for the drive out, I hadn't seen a Joshua Tree forest in a very long time (haven't been on a road trip in a while) and the dirt road was a hoot!
DON'T SKIP GUANO POINT, ITS THE BEST VIEW!
Also: keep your children close because they do not rope off the edges of the canyon, anyone can just fly off if they feel like it so watch them!
I'm giving this a 4star just because it cost so much money to do the things we did.
It was worth it but so are the other parts of the canyon that cost less to see and provide more of a view.
This was a unique experience and I loved it!

While on the Vegas strip, I decided to sign up for a Grand Canyon Tour.
There were various businesses which sold Grand Canyon Tours.
Included in the tour was the Grand Canyon Skywalk.
I paid 80 dollars round trip and it included the Skywalk package and I'm only going to review the Skywalk.
It was a super hot day at the West Side of the Grand Canyon.
47 degree °C/ 116.6 °F and the sky was blue and clear.
Before entering the Skywalk, I decided to explore the Grand Canyon.
The views were predictable.
I've seen a lot of photos and videos of the Grand Canyon, so the views didn't really make the jaw drop.
Good, but not great.
If you don't know what the Grand Canyon looks like, you will probably be mildly amazed by the views of brownish and reddish coloured rock formations.
After eating a Hualapai prepared Indian tribe meal of corn on the cob with cooked slices of elk, beef, berries and corn bread at another area at the West Side of the Grand Canyon, I was all ready to visit the Grand Canyon Skywalk.
What shocked me was the "No Photography" sign.
Apparently, they want you to buy their own photos taken by their own photographer.
So, I had to lock my bag and camera inside their locker.
After, I had to go through a metal detector to detect cameras and bombs - airport style.
Yep, you can't even bring a cell phone with you or even batteries for your camera.
I had a camera battery in my pocket which was detected during a full body pat down from my shoulders to socks.
Eventually, the security officer let me go with a battery in my pocket.
Oh, I should mention that I even had to take off my wristwatch because they didn't want people dropping something down the Grand Canyon.
Luckily, they didn't make me take off my sunglasses or eyeglasses.
I had to wear special surgical O.R.
type shoes because they didn't want people to dirty and scratch the glass Skywalk.
The views were better than standing at the end of the Grand Canyon in a non Skywalk area, but not that much better.
What makes the Skywalk special is that you can look down from where you're standing through on a glass structure.
So, I had photos taken with a Hualapai Indian Chief, and I was only allowed to spend about 5 minutes standing on the Skywalk because there were hundreds of people lined up.
At the end, I was disappointed by the "You can't bring your own camera and take photos rule" and the pat down and airport security was just too extreme for this tourist attraction.

Guano Point is the second place you would go in the tour after seeing Eagle Point.
You will get 360 view of Grand Canyon, which is magnificent.
There are two little hills which you can climb and get to the top.
The hike is short.
You will get through the whole thing in 15min without stopping and taking pictures.
The price for the tour is $44.
For these two reasons, I give it a 4-star.
The view itself is 5-star.

Guano Point is an absolute MUST if you are going to tour the Grand Canyon West Rim.
You have an amazing 360 view of the Canyon and it is breathtaking.
We came here as a part of AirBridge tours with intent to see the canyon from the Skywalk at Eagle Point but the rain stopped us from being able to walk out there.
We ended up taking a shuttle bus 5 minutes away and spent the majority of our time capturing amazing shots at Guano Point.

03/08/12  My spouse and I drove all the way from Las Vegas to do this attraction as part of our celebration of an anniversary.
Terrible idea.
First, we had to enter "Grand Canyon West" in order to do the Skywalk.
See my review of that experience.
In short, we had to pay $81.68 in fees just to enter that section of Grand Canyon.
Second,  we had to pay another $48.06, just to do the Skywalk.
And that INCLUDED a discount via a coupon we received in the mail!
So to do the Skywalk, it cost $129.74 for 2 people, even with that coupon.
YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
STAY AWAY.

I went to Grand Canyon in AZ and Utah, and this is my first time to visit Grand Canyon from Nevada side.
Before I went there with my family, I know there's a fee to get in there, I understand they need to recoup the fee they spent to built this,  but this is simply unjust to charge fee the way they are.
you need to pay $$$ per person to get in that area, and pay another $$ to get on that, going through security check., not to mention you need to pay for parking,  so all that is approx $120 per person, and I can force myself to understand that.
but what I don't understand is for the price you pay, YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED BRING IN YOUR CAMERA ?!?
so to take a family photo, we had to pay $$ each !!!
bottom line,: 2 hours drive from Vegas approx $120 per person, no food, no drink.
No Camera allowed .
Not Worth it.
!!!
You can spend that kind of $$ for good food in a 3-4 stars restaurant for 1-2 days in Vegas !

is the view great?
YES IT IS.
but this attraction is way too expensive and the long bus rides seems like forever....  avoid this if you can, unless you absolutely want to come here.

After hearing the prices and what actually made me not attend this attraction was not being able to take your own pictures, that was icing on the cake so to speak.
I am not going on that ride, great views I am sure, but not worth the hassle.

This place is really nice, great views of The Grand Canyon & on the plus you can sit down and enjoy lunch with a awesome backdrop view.
Prices are average for the food, I believe I read $14.50 for the meal or extra unless you did not pay before hand or you just want to be a pig and eat or share another plate.
Drinks are $2.25 for extras.
Great customer service.

The experience is not really worth the price.
Yes, it's amazing, no it's not worth over $100 a head.
On top of that, they attempted to rip us off.
We arrived at 4:30 and were told that one of the food places would be open until 6:00.
With that in mind, we bought a ticket package that included food.
When we arrived at the food stop at 5:30, it was closed  And then they attempted to tell us that they would not refund our food costs and that it was our fault for being there too late.
After that, they then said that they couldn't refund our money because the credit card machines were down...as people were standing in line and buying souvenirs with their credit cards.
Not worth the hassle.
What a joke.

Stay Away... Not worth the price.

We rented a van to drive out to the Skywalk and it should've only taken 2.5 hours however we got lost and it took us over 3.5 hours.
Not sure why but there aren't great instructions to the place but luckily my fiancee is a human gps and she found the way to the Skywalk for us.
When you get there, as mentioned by other reviews, you'll have to go through a lot of gravel road.
Make sure your car can handle it and don't drive a convertible there because if there is a car in front of you, you'll be covered in dust.
When you finally get there you have to buy tickets to select which areas you want to go to.
Honestly speaking, they all looked the same but since Skywalk is the main attraction, don't skimp on the $30 and pay for it.
You can't take pictures on the Skywalk but they have a photographer there that takes pictures for you which you can then order.
The good thing about modern technology is they'll give it to you on an usb which they will charge for a good amount of money.
The Skywalk looks a lot grander and bigger in pictures but in actuality it's a small platform you walk out on.
Was it worth it?
I'm not sure, it's about $60 a person but I'm glad I did it because we had a lot of fun and the photographer helped us take some good pictures.
If you've never been to the Grand Canyon and don't want to drive six hours to the center spot,  come here.

Amazing!!
I don't understand the ppl who are complaining on here...
Yes it's a dirt road, what are you high maintenance?
Then watch a documentary..
Yes it's around 80 bucks but it's worth it!!!
You get a bus ride to the skywalk can get a wonderful view next to it.
Great photos!!
Then the Skywalk is truly amazing!!!
They take photos of you so make them take a bunch!!!
You have no time limit!!!
When done you can buy all the photos on a USB drive for 75 bucks... Then they take you to the next stop AND THAT VIEW IS AMAZING !!!!
The food is ok it's more of the experience ya know... Again if your high maintenance watch a documentary... You can hang out as LONG AS YOU WANT!!!!
When you have all the pictures you can take get on the bus and go back...
It's a great trip people DO IT!!!!!!!
My 3 kids had a blast 13 yr old and 9 1/2 yr old twins ....

to sum it up- we were going to do the legacy package for $86 per person but the cashier told us if we don't want food package we should just do the basic+skywalk which was about $76.
we had 6 people so thats a savings of $60 already!
and plus we planned ahead and brought our own sandwiches/ate in the car.
so we headed off, first stop don't waste time because you will be amazed with the view once you hop off the bus but keep it moving and get onto the skywalk line inside the gift shop!
our experience was interrupted as clouds/lightning moved into the area and they had to shut down the skywalk temporarily so they kicked everyone off the line and told us to check back in an hr or two.
of course people were frustrated and decided to ask for refunds.
we decided not to and just wait it out, took some pics nearby, let some rain pass.
and were back on line in no time and were one of the first ones this time to get onto the skywalk.
make sure you pose for many many photos with the photographers.
they will tell you what to do but DO NOT BE SHY and ask for more poses.
the more poses you get the more likely you will buy the usb for $80 with 15 pics of your choice.
if you come in a family that's worth it compared to other places charging $20/pic!
next stop, guano point.
save ALL your picture taking skills here because this is the BEST view.
since they dont let you bring anything onto the skywalk this is the photo op!
plenty of room to spread out, plenty of angles to get the best pic from.
you can literally spend a few hours here on a good sunny day taking pics!!
climb some rocks while youre at it too.
i think we were lucky, coming on the monday of labor day the lines were almost nonexistent in the entire place.
this was by far a better experience than the people say on yelp.
if you have never experienced the grand canyon before then you will think its worth the price.
if you have experienced it at the north or south rims then maybe you woudnt be so jaded for the $76 price tag.

Ahhh, the Grand Canyon.
One of seven natural wonders of the world.
Walking towards Skywalk bridge, where are no railings and tourists running around with cameras, pushing people around.
Yo, man, I am afraid of heights!
But I step on Skywalk bridge and I am as cool as a cucumber.
This one is solid.
And views are no less than spectacular.
Designed by David Jin and Mark Ross, U-shaped bridge cantilevers 800 ft above the river below.
Layers of diamant and dupont glass make this walkway and glass railing.
This bridge can take 100 lb per sq.
ft. live load.
It can support Boeing 747.
Or withstand 8.0 magnitude earthquake.
Yes, it is mind-blowing.
(My mom still refused to set her foot on a bridge even after all this logic was presented...
Sigh.
) Now stop and look around.
Soak in the magnificent views of red Canyon walls and river rolling below.
Eagles flying above in endless sky.
All this been here for million of years, and here you are, standing far above it on another human-created wonder, pondering how small you really are.

My wife and I took a tour of the Grand Canyon from Las Vegas.
The Native Americans that own the land are making millions of dollars.
Ok let me begin with the Skywalk.
To walk on the Skywalk it's $32.00 per person.
You have to put your belongings in a free locker.
At least the locker is free.
After that you have to walk by a metal detector.
Then we waited 45 mins to walk on the Skywalk.
When we got there the visitor center is not even finish yet.
It was till gutted.
I guess once the visitor center is finish the fee will go up.
The photographers was bunch of kids they didn't know how to take good pictures.
He even asked me if the flash was working.
The view from the Skywalk was not all that.
The glass was full of hard water stain so it's not clear when you look down.
Ok here's the funny part.
They want $30.00 each for your pic.
If you want all your pic they will put it in a USB for only $80.00.
Haha that was funny.
If you are thinking about going here skip Skywalk and go straight to Guano Point the view is better.
And the BBQ pork is the best.

RIP OFF!
Do yourself a favor and go into the south Grand Canyon entrance.
The West entrance is on an Indian reservation.
They charge an outrageous amount of money to see the canyon.
They wanted $150 for two of us.
The South entrance,  all you pay is parkimg and there is more to see and do.

I am not reviewing the skywalk because I didn't experience that part of it because they were charging to enter plus you can't take pictures, you have to pay for pictures they take for you.
Yah ..... NO lol  BUT, the whole Grand Canyon West experience was pretty fun.
I loved every minute of it.
Only thing is..
It's on Indian territory so they charge you up the ass for every single thing.
Just the entry fee alone is 45$ per person.
But I think it was worth it.
On hualapai ranch we got to ride the horses for 35$ person which was pretty cheap, I think.
Because back in Vegas they would charge up about 200$.
Overall, it was a great experience.
I want to visit the other locations of Grand Canyon for sure.

It was good experience but very, very expensive.
Well I don't regret visiting - it is a good experience but you certainly leave with a bit of joylessness due to the prices.
I would not recommend to visit there just for this.
They don't allow cameras on the skywalk, but it still is very beautiful.
I hope to return some day, but will not go again on the bridge.
Too expensive.

$70 per person to walk on a bridge?
I don't need or want whatever else they're selling.
I want to walk out, see an amazing view, and then go home.
I have no problem with dirt roads, but for $70, that warrants a paved road.
Then the real kicker is you drive the two hours from vegas, you make it past the dirt road that your rental car company is going to kill you for, you somehow have enough gas to make it back, and then you get there and you have to wait two more hours for a shuttle to take you to this bridge?!?
You can't even drive to this thing!?!?
The plastic tent where you buy tickets and wait for the shuttle looks like something temporary from burning man, it doesn't exactly inspire confidence in this over priced trip they're pitching.
If you want to charge professional prices, provide a professional product.

Der Preis von 30 oder waren es 32€ Dollar pro Person war ein wenig happig und 30€ für ein Foto war auch sehr teuer aber wenn man schon mal dort ist.... Es war auf jeden fall ein aufgegebenes Erlebnis für mich und ich bin stolz auf mich das ich sogar einmal kurz mit Überwindung das reine durchsichtige Glas betreten haben.
Sollten wir nochmal zum canoyn  kommen dann ohne skywalk die zeit würden wir anders nutzen aber wir bereuen es nicht und waren begeistert und haben auch gleich ne Fotoserie genommen

I would not recommend the skywalk.
It is extremely pricey and not very spectacular.
I believe that you can experience the beauty of the grand canyon without walking directly over it on a smudgy glass platform.

Horrible experience.
Total scam.
Prices are not worth the deal.
You can't take pictures cuz they want to charge for that too.
The road isn't finished...14 miles of dirt road.
Tourist scam.
Don't bother going there.
Just go to the best south rim.
You won't believe the price they charge

