Friendly staff.
Cheap prices.
We got 2 games of bowling and 2 shoe rentals for $9.95 total!
yup, i said TOTAL!!!
There is a Mexican restaurant connected to the bowling alley.
clean and spacious seating, game room and bathroom.
Great mix of music and great selection of bowling balls.
I can't wait to go again since I do have a Groupon for this place again.

In the middle of a Thursday afternoon, my co-workers and I (about 25 of us) took over Let It Roll.
None of us bowl particularly well, and the scores reflected that, but we had a great time.
We got good service, reasonable prices, and they even had a pair of size 14s for me.
This is not the location of most people's dreams, being in the Sunnyslope area of Phoenix, but a bowling alley should be a little seedy in some way.
The interior has been updated recently and it's not at all rundown to the degree that the strip mall it's part of is.
Cold beers, pretty good onion rings and the whole place to ourselves made this a memorable experience.

Nice, clean updated bowling alley despite the slightly rough neighborhood.
The bowling alleys nearby my house are dirty, outdated, overpriced, and filled with obnoxious teenagers.
I had a Groupon for Let It Roll and went with my husband and son.
We only payed $10 for 2 hours of bowling with shoes for an extra person.
We were so pleasantly surprised when we walked in.
Nothing fancy but clean and modern.
I would rather have something simple and updated then gawdy neon lights and bad upholstery and carpet like my neighborhood bowling alleys.
The front desk employees were friendly and efficient.
They had a great mix of music playing.
Hits from every decade mixed with today's top hits.
They have a mexican restaurant inside the bowling alley that actually looks quite tasty.
A friendly waitress approached us at our lane asking if we wanted to order.
We just ate our dinner so we declined but I definitely want to try the food next time.
As we were leaving they were starting their cosmic bowling with a DJ.
We only heard a few songs but the DJ was AWESOME!
I was impressed that a bowling alley DJ could be so good.
It was practically like being at a club in the middle of Scottsdale.
We want to go back with some friends for a fun adults night out.
My only complaint is that the bartender was a bit unfriendly.
I understand that sometimes people are having a bad day or moment so I always try to kill them with kindness and most of the time they pull through.
Not so in this case.
My warm smiles, pleases, thank yous, and good tips did not cheer up this bartender.
When I asked for some lemon wedges for our pitcher of Shock Top you would have thought I was asking her for one of her kidneys.
But curiously enough, she was friendly with the interesting characters that were obviously regulars at the bar.
Hmmmmm...
Overall we had a great time at Let It Roll.
I love when I have a Groupon for a place or service and I end up loving it!
They made a returning customer out of me.

I've been here a few times and its been a good place to bowl.
1) Its cheap.
I've been to the Brunswicks and AMFs and they are way too flashy and too expensive.
This place is nice, but it still feels like a bowling alley.
There normal prices are very reasonable, but then they always have deals on top of them ($1 Mondays!
)  2) The staff is friendly 3) Bowling is fun!
Drinks aren't too expensive, I haven't tried the food from the restaurant, but it does look delicious.
Definitely worth checking out.

My Living Social voucher ( 2 hours free for up to 5 people including shoes, plus 2 orders of nachos and 1 pitcher of soda) led me to this great bowling alley with reasonable prices and unbeatable bowling alley food (MEXICAN).

What an awesome place to Bowl!
Locally owned, the owners take  personal pride, and if you bowl there you are  helping our local economy.
Win win!
I booked a party for 27 teenagers..
They had a blast!
A lot of parent hung out for pizza Mexican food and Ice cold beer.. Great prices.
I met one of the owners his name is Stacy ( I think) he went out of his way to make sure we had a great night.
We are going back for New Years Eve!
You should consider this place too.

Keep in mind I'm a Scottsdale brat here.
Went here with a pretty large homeschool group with kids of all ages.
Convenient ATM and Mexican restaurant connected to the place.
I however did not try the food.
It was a weekday afternoon with only one person working the entire place and it seemed pretty busy besides our group there were plenty of other bowlers.
Since their was only one person setting up games, handing out shoes, making change.
It seemed like forever just to get something, I didn't dare order a drink or anything here, and mainly everyone stuck to the vending machines.
The bowling part was fine though, maybe it's better at night or weekends?
I'd hope they have more people running the place.
Considering there was A LOT of us it did go pretty well but I think one extra set of hands would have been that much better for the experience.
While this place is out of the way from where I live if I was in the area at night on a full moon I might stumble in here once more.

Although the neighborhood looks a little suspect, the bowling alley is nice, clean, and the staff are friendly.
I was here for a ynpn phoenix event and everyone seemed to have had a good time.
I may have to come back with some friends and do some more bowling.
The bar even has happy hour from 4-7, so come drink, bowl and be merry!

i wasnt impressed.
i drove 30 mins there on a sunday night specifically to hear cedric ceballos dj.
i couldve went bowling in mesa where i live.
someone else said it in they review, area & parking lot was a little suspect.
so im excited going in thinking im gone hear some hip hop blasting, and then... automatic stores slide open... record scratches to a stop...
what?!!?
country music & a mostly empty bowling alley.
i was then told at the counter that big ced called the day before and said no more sundays for him.
i am giving it 2 stars because they still honored the $10 unlimited bowl during that time.
however, they did not honor the drink specials that were advertised on the flyer.
not that big of a deal, i just didnt order as much.
the lanes were a little too oily, the country music sucked and was way too loud.
but in yhe end i came there to bowl and i did.
dont think i would go again... maybe if it was free or if ced ceballos asked me personally.

Great, non-corporate bowling alley.
Good lanes, cheap beer, decent eats at the Oaxaca restaurant.
Very reasonable prices.
Cosmic bowling on the weekend, happy hour (with buck and a half PBR's) during the week.
A Sunnyslope landmark, long may it roll!

I won't ever go back to AMF!!
I can't believe the prices!!
It makes bowling affordable.
The people working there were super friendly (even though they had to put up with our crazy birthday party!
)   Great job guys!

I found this place on yelp while looking for things to do in our new home state of Arizona (from Oregon about a month ago).
A couple of weeks later, my family went on a Monday (husband had the day off) in celebration of mine and my daughter's birthdays.
Nice and clean establishment with super friendly service.
As a matter of fact, I have never received such friendly service at a bowling alley before.
Monday is definitely a bargain.
$1 per person per game (shoe rental is an additional $2.99), plus tax.
Mentioning that it was our birthday, they gave us an extra 10% off of the amount of our gaming only total.
Not a huge discount, but hey, it was already quite the bargain to begin with.
We'd like to go again when it is more of an event type evening.
They apparently have a DJ on the weekends.
They have a good selection of bowling balls, even light ones for the youngsters.
There are also video games, air hockey, and vending machines (even one for if you forget your socks).
A full bar with snacks is inside as well as a mexican restaurant  that is attached attached.
Can't comment on the food as we didn't eat there, but it smelled pretty good :)

I bought the Yelp Offer and used it on a Saturday night.
I made reservations at 7pm for a lane at 9pm and got in.
I was surprised that there was still flexibility on a Saturday night but glad there was!
At first the facility was hesitant to use the coupon because they thought there was suppose to be language in the coupon saying it couldn't be used on Friday/Saturday night but since the language wasn't there we were able to use the coupon.
Woo hoo!
Once I walked in the door there was a dj playing music and lights flashing.
Let it Roll gives a fun atmosphere for adults and families - there was a good mix of both.
The drinks were fair priced and  they offered food specials later in the night (I did not try any of the food).
I would definitely recommend this place for people of all ages!

Don't go on a rainy day.
Water was dripping all over.
Tacked on an extra 15% for gratuity on our party.
Would not have minded if we received decent service.
If looking to plan a party look elsewhere.

i've been here before.
Had a great experience when i bowled, but this time :\ kinda got off to a bad start.
Purchased the Yelp offer (pay 10 get 20, to spend here).
When we arrived the guy working the desk, (forget his name) told me and my friends we could not use this during cosmic bowling..
I looked on the "fine print" and there was none of that at all.
Well yeah we didn't want to stand there and argue because we honestly just wanted to bowl and have fun.
The rest of the night went well, But i can't believe they wouldn't accept the yelp offer.
Messed up...especially considering people who buy them are YELPERS!
you dug your own grave man....

We celebrated our youngest birthday here due to rain.
Price was much better than AMF or Brunswick!
Service was great - they could have used an extra hand or two however, they were very nice and attentive.
Kids had a great time!
Drawbacks?
Yes, it's in the slope & it's not the most modern/updated system but, looking past that this is a pretty good place for some family fun.
$1.00 games & shoe rental on Mondays!

Held my husbands 40th birthday party here and everyone had a great time.
It was the first time any of us had been there so wasn't sure what to expect.
It's pretty old school but I think that just adds to the character.
We did the Red Carpet VIP package during cosmic bowling and thought it was a great deal.
About $20 a person which included all the bowling for the night, shoes, a few bottles of sparking wine and some other "VIP" perks.
We also received a discount (15% I think) off our entire bar bill for being "VIP.
" Cedric was a great DJ and all the staff went out of their way to make sure we had a great time.
Glad to support this local small business and will definitely be back.

I must say this bowling alley is one of the valleys hidden jewels!
It is full of charm and character and kept very clean!
We celebrated our little ones birthday here and not only did they meet our expectations, they exceeded them!!
They were very accommodating, polite, and helpful!
They even helped us decorate our party area!!
I was assisted by Rudy(guy with the mohawk) who was very kind.
He made sure that everything we needed was provided to us and was very patient seeing how we had so many little guest!
We were given enough lanes to play comfortably, which many other places will not do.
All in all we had a wonderful time and so did all of our guest!
This is my go to place for a fun family day out!
Their employees are kind and on point with what they need to do, they are always looking to ensure their customers are satisfied!!
Thank you Let It Roll for making my little ones day special and filled with fun!!

My first experience at Let It Roll wasn't a particularly great experience.
We went last Wednesday, 06/06/13, for karaoke and bowling.
My boyfriend had taken his 3 year old daughter for karaoke the previous Wednesday and thought it was a nice place for a family outing for the 3 of us.
Needless to say, the second time around wasn't so great for them as well.
After we'd bowled one game, we decided to head over and sing a couple of songs then come back and bowl some more.
There were only 3 or 4 people already in line to sing.
One of which was a preteen girl.
We could hear the bartender proclaiming loudly how much she hated karaoke and that she wished it wasn't there.
My boyfriend and his daughter sang a song together, I sang a song, followed by the preteen girl.
After the young girl finishes her song the karaoke host tells us that he has to shut down.
He told us that management didn't want kids in the lounge area.
Our biggest issue with that is that the karaoke is held in a family friendly facility overall.
The lounge area is not marked stating no children allowed.
Won't be going back...

Worst management and employees I have ever been around.
Instead of being helpful they respond with rude comments.

Debbie is the BEST!

We all LOVE Thursdays with Debbie at the bar!
She is a keeper!

Last night we had a group of 10 people excited and ready for some cosmic bowling!
We arrived about an hour before it started, and all the lanes were already reserved.
What a bummer!
But the lady at the counter saved the night.
She said that if any groups don't show she would give them a courtesy call, and we can have their spot.
Lucky us, a group canceled so bowling was on!!
From 8:30pm-1am if you have a group of 5 it's only $11 per person.
They have a live dj that just happens to be an old suns player.
The atmosphere was super cool for a Saturday night.
Kind of interesting bowling alley food, they are attached to a Mexican good restaurant that you can order Mexican food or bar food and they bring it to your lane.
I was a little skeptical, but I was pleasantly surprised with how good everything was.
Overall I would highly recommend checking out these lanes.
It's a guaranteed great time!

We had a group of about 20 people on Saturday and purchased a Groupon for Let It Roll Bowl.
I have to say that everybody had great time.
However, while the kids bowled, we ordered a few appetizers from the happy hour menu at the bar.
It took them 45 minutes to bring out 4 plates of fries.
Really???
How long does it take to drop some potatoes into grease?
The two bartenders were very rude and not helpful at all.
Also, one of the bartenders told my friend that she couldn't order any food from the happy hour menu anymore, even thought the happy hour was until 7 pm, and it was only 6 pm at that time.
Unless they have another great deal on bowling, you certainly won't see me there anymore.

Great bowling alley.
Purchased a groupon and we thought it said unlimited drinks well no only 1 then we got a free burger they charge for cheese I can slightly understand that but then I go and ask for kechup and they wanted to charge me wow but the bowling alley Is great but the food people arnt the best

We bought the Yelp deal for a night of fun with the 2 kiddos, the husband, and I.
From the outside, this place looks pretty shady.
But that did not stop us!
We went in and were greeted fairly quickly by the front desk guy.
The place was pretty dead, but it was a Thursday, so it was kind of expected.
We had 2 lanes, one for us, one for the kids, and a pitcher of beer between the 2 of us.
For the price, it was a great night, and something we'll definitely be doing again.

Called and asked about the Yelp deal before going in since others where clearly running into problems using it.
The girl on the phone said I can't use it tonight (Sunday) after 7.
I told her it clearly states only Friday and Saturday night after 7 isn't valid.
She responded "well it should say Sunday too".
Talk about adding fine print to the fine print!
well, I guess we won't even try them out then.

This is a fun night out.
Great variety of music good food.
Fun dancing cosmic bowl and great cocktails.
Great place to have a birthday get together.

Don't let the outside fool you!!
This place is very nice and their bar is even better.
What sold me besides their cleanliness was the free WiFi.
I worked on my HW while my boys played their little hearts out.
Their dessert items are a bit pricey but I'd rather spend my money at a small business than anywhere else.
Plus, Yelp offered a $20 coupon for $10.
I'll be back, without the kids.

My friends and I were looking for something different to do, so we decided to go bowling.
We had such a great time just goofing off while bowling.
It's a great place to bring your kids.
Their food is really good too.
I love the $10 flat fee for bowling too.
This saves a lot of money on entertainment.
If you're looking for something fun and different to do, check this place out.

BEST PLACE TO BOWL IN THE VALLEY!!!
Prices are actually fair and they have a bunch of different specials.
Bar area has a nice happy hour and $2.50 PBR in a 16oz can all day.
They have the bumpers for kids, and the ball ramps for the real little ones, so everyone can get in on the action.
It has been a long time since I have gone bowling and I completely forgot how fun it is.

I seriously have issues with the way certain leagues are ran with where the money goes and also the fact management can't back up what they say we had a bowler get kicked out for a fight then management said he was not allowed back in and was out of the league but next week he was back acted like nothing ever happened at least 2 teams left after this issue

I look forward to getting out of the house once a week to go bowl at the center always a good time with friends and staff

I don't know what these people are talking about the place was very dirty and the people there weren't that nice what it looks like on the outside is about what it is on the inside not a very courteous and kind of place

I found a group on for bowling....I really enjoyed myself...the place was clean and fun...love the cosmic bowling and the Djokovic jams....I will return....

