The pies from this place are amazing.
I'm a pretty greedy eater so I had both a chicken curry and an apple pie from Storries the other day which were both delicious.
The bakery is hidden deep in Leith Walk and doesn't look much from the outside, but within it feels nice and warm with an enticing aroma circulating about the place.
Their front counter has great array of cakes, sponges, doughnuts and intricate confectionary.
They also make their own large steak pies for big family meals which are apparantly made only of the finest quality beef.
The pastry on the pies which I tasted was really nice and buttery, whilst the fillings were delicious.
They only cost about £1 each and I will definitely be going back for more soon!

I love places which until you discover them you wiuld walk right past without a second glance.
When you do discover them, you go in with a smirk on your face because you know what evrybody else is missing out on.
Thats because the pies here are simply amazing - whether you order a small individual one which is the perfect lunch time snack, or one of thier larger family sized ones to use as a meal later on, you wont be dissapointed - the fillings are always beautiful and the pastry is lovely.
They also do a range of sweet things, the usual that you would expect from a bakery, but again thier quality is very high.

I must admit...the pies in here are amazing.
It's not often you'll  hear me saying I love pies (haha) but they are amazing here.
It doesn't look like much to a passer-by, but keep an eye out for this charming little bakery!
The prices are reasonable for the quality you get, so it's definitely worth a look!

If this was in any other capital city in Europe it would be full of locals and the guide books would direct all the tourists there.
But this is Scotland, where EXCELLENT quality, traditional food is more often than not overlooked.
Storrie's make TOP QUALITY pies.
Amongst the best I've had in Edinburgh and Lothian.
Buy Storrie's pies or lose them!
Gregg's will happily open yet another soulless shop selling "slices" and other insipid  recipes dreamt up by MBA graduates with their shareholders'  profits in mind.
Why not buy a big family sized steak pie and take it home to feed your family.
Serve with fresh veggies mind!

