Working here was one of the reasons I was "festively plump" during high school.
Although I worked at the Glendale location before (a loooong time ago), this one is equally as bad.
My family used to be enticed by anything with "buffet" in the name.
Oh geez, the stories we have about this place are endless and none of which fall under appropriate topics for dinner conversation.
The food isn't that great, as it's hard to ensure quality when you make food in such large quantities.
Plus, the eating habits of some of the clientle will make you worry.
I fail to see the point of eating a salad drowning in ranch.
Two stars for their dessert selection.
Hot, piping bread pudding a la mode was my guilty pleasure..just don't eat too much.

i like old country alot.
the selection and quality is better then most other buffets in their category.
for dessert lovers, they offer a much bigger selection.
i don't eat anything with sugar, and this is one of the few buffets that offers any kind of sugar free dessert.
hometown does not.
this place is much better then hometown in all ways.
however, old country is not open during the week for breakfast.
they have  nice dinner items such as cooked to order steaks, roast beef, shrimp, and alot of other choices.
pricing is fair.

If you want to fill your belly to the rim and aren't too picky about what goes in, then this is your place.
Old Country is a lot better than Hometown buffet, even though they're the same parent company and have much of the same food.
Here at Old Country, there's a grill where they cook steak, kilbasa, chicken, burgers, and dogs.
They've also got a mexican food bar that the other place doesn't have.
There is a lot of everything, it's just nothing spectacular when it comes to taste or quality.
I love boofays.

Allow me to break it down.
Arrive at a boofay and pay at 8:37pm (per receipt).
After taking a seat and gathering drinks, proceed to boofay tables to commence face stuffing selections.
Notice a lot of usual items absent or severely depleted.
Ask Too-Much-Cologne-Stinky-Manager-Guy at cash register what time is closing time.
When he replies 9pm, but you may continue to eat until 9:30, I confirm that they will continue to replenish food items up until 9pm, otherwise I want to get refund and forget it, there's not enough time.
He assures that they'll continue cooking and asks me to simply inform him of any missing items.
I do -- two main entree items that they advertise as 'signature' items.
I wait around for the items they're supposed to be cooking, all the while watching as other dishes become emptied and are not refilled.
I ask about the original two, and one of these other dishes, and Polite-but-Unfortunate-Puppet-for-Stinky-Cologne-Manager Asst Manager goes in the back and comes out to tell me they aren't cooking anymore.
I relay to him my previous convo with Too-Much-Cologne-Stinky-Manager-Guy and say what gives?
After checking with Too-Much-Cologne-Stinky-Manager-Guy in a mysterious back office location, Polite-but-Unfortunate-Puppet-for-Stinky-Cologne-Manager Asst Manager informs me that it has been decided that it's not appropriate for me to receive a refund in this situation and there's nothing he can do.
I remind Polite-but-Unfortunate-Puppet-for-Stinky-Cologne-Manager Asst Manager that I paid by credit card, and if I truly have not received the goods that I paid for, I'll just file a dispute with them.
He goes in the back again.
(am I buying a car, here, or what?
) Upon return, Polite-but-Unfortunate-Puppet-for-Stinky-Cologne-Manager Asst Manager presents me with a business card, on the back of which Too-Much-Cologne-Stinky-Manager-Guy has hand written a note entitling me to one (1) free adult boofay at any time of day.
There were three of us in the party, and apparently Too-Much-Cologne-Stinky-Manager-Guy has decided that since I'm the only one complaining then I must be the only one who deserves a free meal credit.
Poor customer service has made me second guess my love of cheap ass boofays.
I guess i'll just stick with my nasty indie china boofays and avoid this WalMart of Culinary Mass Volume all together.

I like going here because it takes the guess work out of "whats for dinner"   Get whatever the you want...
Example: Kid #1 had mac n cheese, meat loaf and bread.
Example: Kid #2 had jello and peperoni, and something else.
Example: I had steak, Jojo's, baja lime chicken, garlic bread, grilled veggies and carrots.
Round 2 K#1 had chicken leg, bread, ham, mashed potato's K#2 had baked fish and a roll I had more baja lime chicken, garlic bread and a dry hunk of roast.
Dessert K#1 made a god awful mess of brownie, and fudge, ice cream and sprinkles.
k#2 had twist ice cream I had banana pudding  After writing what I just ate I think I should be ashamed.
BUT I never over do it at buffet's.
In fact I fell good, not stuffed or anything.
The only bad thing was the price.
$30 bucks, it used to be $99 cents for kids and not $12 for adults.
BTW (12 and over is adult) Lame...

As we've seen some of the Old Country Buffets  here in the Valley close (& ALL BUT ONE of their brother restaurants Hometown Buffet!
), the remaining stores are knocking themselves out to have everything just right, which I really appreciated on my visit to this one recently.
First off, there was tasty Clam Chowder, along with two other soups to choose from.
Over on the salad bar, there were two kinds of tasty cheese to enjoy, as well as their creamy, delicious cottage cheese, & the generous selection of everything else you expect to put together a delicious salad.
(The now put some pre-tossed ones out too, ala Sweet Tomatoes & Souper Salad).
Over at my very comfortable, properly lighted booth I was greeted by "Terry", who provided great table service.
In the background, excellent oldies music played softly.
This is ordinary American food, because that's what it is!!
Everything was good, kept at the proper temperature, & the trays were refreshed regularly.
At the end, there were plenty of delicious desserts, including a couple of my favorites, Coconut Cream Pie, & Hot Lava Cake.
Lunch Buffet $6.89, Sr. $6.29.
(Less than this if you come a little before 11 AM on Saturday or Sunday, more if you come later.

This review is for the breakfast buffet at this Old Country.
I came here for Sunday breakfast, really hungry after a long tiring Saturday with very little to eat,  and it turned out to be a good choice.
In addition to typical American breakfast fare (waffles, pancakes, french toast, ham, bacon, sausage, biscuits and gravy, etc.
), they also offered menudo and had an omelette bar and a taco bar.
I sampled most of the items and the only thing I didn't care for were the pancakes, which were dry.
Everything else was good, including the menudo which I enjoyed a lot.
The restaurant itself is clean and spacious and the staff is friendly and efficient.
I'm looking forward to trying their lunch and dinner buffets soon.

OK so its an Old Country Buffet.
That pretty much sums it up.
Never been to OCB?
How about Golden Corral?
The food comes from a food service and is heated back up... how else could they serve so much for so little?
You can get a pretty good bang for your buck here.
TIP - sign up for their emails, and you'll get some BOGO coupons.
We go here a few times a year when we feel like being fat and eating nasty food, its a guilty pleasure.
Really what we go for is the entertainment.
Trust me - you will be the skinniest person in sight.
There's always something fun to keep you entertained, last time there was a woman (mother?
) who kept putting her hands up her (7ish year old?
) daughter's shirt, and down her skirt.
Something was probably up.
The time before that, the hippo family (really just the mom and dad) kept burping as loud as they could throughout the meal.
It must have been a contest.
OK, food:  They usually have a guy at the grill cooking steaks.
Not bad steak for a buffet.
Pot roast is usually a safe bet, as is baked chicken.
They have all the usual canned, salty veggies as well as a lackluster taco bar, average salad bar, and enough desserts to keep the kids screaming.
Unfortunately they lack what every good buffet should have - good, fresh rolls/biscuits.
Don't bother.
Service: Pretty good, they come by pretty often to clear dirty plates and offer drink refills.
Overall the servers are probably a lot happier than they should be for working here, but just as well that way.
Should you eat here?
Of course!
Go on a night you feel like gorging/heading for a heart attack.
After a glance around the dining room you'll feel a lot better about your figure!

Wow, it took me a year & a half after I started eating here to get around to posting a review of this place, & now it's taken me a long time to give it a update.
That's not right!
:-O     Ok, so here we go:  You see, I come here OFTEN... maybe once every 2 weeks or so for the last 2 years!
Yes there are "top, top" favorite buffets to enjoy, but THIS is where I actually AM just about any time.
Take yesterday, for example:  I was home & a little "down".
What to do?
That's easy...  comfort food!
... and what better place to go get it than this Old Country Buffet.
Now, when I'm with others, I may prefer Golden Corral a little, but this place has cozy booths & it's just right for the single diner who needs a little cheer-me-up.
The food here is not "out of this world", it's Grandma's home cooking.
Never great but always good, & although they do vary the food some, it's always about the same.
I enjoyed a big meal & left nice & happy.
I drove home singing, "How Can I Keep from Singing" by Enya & had a great rest of the day.
That's how it is here, & how it gets 5 Stars from me!
:-))  Weekday Lunch Buffet $6.99/$5.99 Sr.

They have a grill for those steaks that u are craving for.
Typical ham and roast beef!
It was good for the price and for my boys who are at that age they can't stop eating.

I would refer you back to my 2/8/11 review regarding lunch here, but here's just a note regarding their Breakfast Buffet, which I enjoyed today for the zillionth time.
It's weekends only & AMAZINGLY inexpensive at $5.79/$5.49 Sr!
One of my favorite treats this morning was the Menudo.
It was very tasty, had just the right amount of hominy in it, & the tripe was tender.
The deep-fried hash brown triangles were crispy on the outside & not too greasy, the Italian Sausage was excellent, & everything else about both the food & the restaurant was just tops for this type of place.
Fine, it's not Champagne Jazz Brunch at Verona Chophouse, but it's also not $30!
Another big Woohoo for Old Country Buffet, Metro!
:-))

This is the place for consuming mass quantities.
None of it is really good, but none of it is bad.
There's enough variety to make it interesting.
There's a lot of space, but the tables get pretty close and it can be awkward moving around at crowded meal times.

Stopped back in here for lunch today, joined by Arlin B.  I wasn't quite as crazy about the food items they had out today as sometimes, such as no cottage cheese or European sausage, but the food here is always good, there's plenty of variety, it's inexpensive, & the management of the place & the atmosphere are always just as they should be.
:-))  Yay for Old Country Buffet!

Prepare to pay big bucks for this buffet if you go during dinner.
The price plus your drink is ridiculous especially if your buying say for a family of four.
However, if you go during lunch its more affordable and ends up being a great value.
The food is delicious depending on when you go ( last time we went at 3PM ) they had steaks, roast beef and ham in addition to chicken pizza and all the fixings including dessert and salad bar.
I am not a big fan of their salad bar.
For some reason, it just doesn't look fresh and I love salads.
I frequent the salad buffets quite frequently.
Anyways, go on an empty stomach and enjoy your buffet.
I sure do !
I don't care who stares and what they have to say LOL its a buffet and I am hear to eat especially when I pay good money for it hahaha.
In closing, if you love buffets give Old Country Buffet a try.
They are better than Hometown Buffet and definetly a little cheaper than Golden Corral.

So what do you do on a toasty 118ยบ day?
Whip on out for for some tasty Buffet, of course!
:-))  Ok, so this time it was off to Old Country Metro here, always sure to please no matter what the weather.
The temp.
inside was just right as was the price, seating, lighting, table service, food kept stocked & so on.
Not only that, there were some extra tasty treats out today, including a nice Strawberry Mandarin Salad, creamy cottage cheese, freshly prepared BBQ Pork Riblets, & all the usual good stuff including the fried chicken & generous array of desserts.
What's the hardest question in the world to answer?
Whether Golden Corral or Old Country offers the best inexpensive American Buffet in the Valley!
For me, this time, Old Country ruled over my last Golden Corral visit, by the smallest margin, maybe.
In any event, it was a real pleasure to have lunch here today.
:-))  Monday thru Saturday Lunch Buffet $8.49/$7.99 Sr. (Even somewhat less Saturdays & Sundays if you arrive before 11 AM or take advantage of other Specials throughout the week!

My family & I have been here 4 times so far.
So with that being said, I can say is safe to say its a Great place!
The food is fresh & tasty great verity, healthy & hardy.
Management & employees replenish the foods needed quickly.
They all part take in a cleaned & maintained buffet for a very busy restaurant.
The price $$ I feel is fair for the quality of the food & dinning experience.
Remember no tipping is needed & they clean your mess.
We love this place & it's our family dinning go to place!

We just finished eating here.
We went at 6:45pm on Saturday 11/30/13.
We paid went inside and found a seat.
All was fine until we went up to get some food to start our feast.
To our disappointment there was really nothing to choose from.
2 slices of pepperoni pizza, a taco bar, a full salad bar, a couple pieces of meat loaf and some old fried chicken.
They were not busy when we arrived either and there were just a few people dining at the time.
They call themselves the Old Country Buffet but, nothing country about it.
Mashed potatoes were instant, no fried okra, no bbq the list goes on.
Everything they had was old and cold sitting in the window for who knows how long?
We were there for an hour and the only thing that came out fresh was a pan of orange chicken.
That whole pan of fresh orange chicken was then taken  by the family at the table in front of ours.
Yes, literally the entire pan of it.
The staff that pick up your old plates were very friendly though.
We will never eat here again due to lack of selection and poor food quality.
It was a rip off at $42.39 for 2 adults and 2 children.
Very disappointed in the selection of menu items!
We will be way better off going to the Golden Corral from now on.
The Golden Corral has a much better selection of menu items to choose from!
I hope this helps if your like us and are in a toss up between the two resturants.
In my opinion the Old Country Buffet on Metro Parkway is by far the worst buffet we've ate at thus far in the Valley!

The food at Old country has been excellent every time I go there.
I highly recommend this restaurant.

The first time I had Thanksgiving lunch here with family and it was very good!
They had a great variety of food, including salad bar, desserts, and a grill and a mixture of American, Asian, and Mexican dishes.
One of my favorite desserts was mixing the orange sherbet with vanilla ice cream.

Decided to give this place a try on a whim while in the neighborhood last night.
The food seemed of really low quality; most of it tasted boxed (instant).
The staff was friendly and tentative and the steak I tried was tasty, but unfortunately those few positives aren't enough to bring me back/: I could've gotten something MUCH better and fresher with the $11.29 it cost me to dine here.
Bummer!

= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH AND DINNER BUFFET!
= = = = = =  It's been nearly a year since the last Update from here for this popular Buffet, although I actually eat here quite often.
Today I was joined by Jackie C. and Mike C. for lunch and they had a generous selection of 108 food items out, plus sauces and dressings.
I was slightly disappointed not to find cottage cheese this time, but there was certainly plenty to eat, everything was being served up a the proper temperatures, the trays were kept full and the staff was friendly.
This is "Grandma's cooking," more or less, and when you're in the mood for that, everything is right here and it's only $8.49/$7.99 at lunchtime.
Dinner is a little more, and the food a little fancier.
Weekends they are open for Breakfast Buffet at a lower price.
This is a consistently good Buffet and you really can't go wrong eating here.
:-))

Headed here while we were out and about in the area and looking randomly for a place to eat.
We passed this place and decided to head on in.
Buffets are always good for having a variety of options for anyone in your party.
The hubs was happy to see tacos as an option here!
The ground beef was tasty and there were plenty of topping options that you could choose from and customize it the way you like it.
The fried chicken was overdone, but the meatloaf was good!
I didn't care for the ice cream, since it tasted a lot like a flavored whipped cream more than an ice cream - but the hubs enjoyed it, so it's totally a personal thing.
The banana pudding, however, was very good.
Our waitress was very friendly and stopped by periodically to check in.
Overall: B+ It's Old Country Buffet - head in and expect some southern style down home cooking, and you'll be good to go!

Bad service!!!
The girl upfront was an idiot the ice cream machine broken no ice and no cherry coke!
The food is bla and it took the server 29 minutes to pick up out plates!
Horrible horrible horrible!
Never again

