Self Serve Garage had a customer from Arizona.
This customer spoke very highly of U-Fix-It-Automotive, its staff, and overall appearance.
Keep up the good work out there guys!!!!
And send more customers, LOL ;)

I've rented a bay there whenever one of my cars needed work.
Prior to my first rental, I had to watch a video and sign a release.
they drove my car in and put it up on the lift.
Understand, this establishment only rents you a lift and tools.
It's not meant to be an ordinary mechanic's  garage.
As the owner of a couple of foreign cars, including a diesel Mercedes, it's hard to find places that won't take you for an arm-and-a-leg just to change the oil.
I bring my own oil, filters and tools.
I'm usually in-and-out in an hour.
There are entire tool chests for rent (with air tools) for an additional $10/hr.
They can order whatever parts you need, from oil and filters all the way to crate motors/transmissions.
There is access to online Mitchell Manuals if you need a reference materials.
I just wish they had a parts cleaner.
If you get in over your head (I have), ask for Rick.
He will help you or take over the job for a reasonable price.
I've seen him working on Ferraris, Porsches and Mercedes.
There has been some confusion.
I've seen other "professional" mechanics in there.
Remember, they rent a bay just like you.
I've seen some pretty cheesy activity by some of these guys (Hello, Don).
If Rick works on your car (at your request) you will get a U-Fix-It receipt.
He stands behind his work.
He did on one of my cars.

We all have fears about mechanics and seeming lack of honesty.
Well, I was coming home from Flagstaff and blew the engine on my 2003 Sable.
After getting it home and calling around I found that UFIXIT offered the best installed cost on the lowest mileage engine that I could find in the valley.
Seemed to good to be true, but money is tight, so I took a chance and went to meet Andreas.
He struck me as honest and just looking to provide a great service at a fair cost.
I had him go ahead and do the work.
During the process he called and told me that my power steering pump appeared to be bad and quoted me what seemed to be a reasonable price to replace it while he was doing the rest of the work.
It took about a week to complete, including the delivery of the engine.
I went in and paid exactly what he had quoted.
Drove off and the car was running great.
About 10 mins later my phone rang.
It was Andreas telling me that he owed me some money.
That after getting the car apart, they found that the pulley was slightly bent and the power steering pump was fine.
He told me that they hadn't replace it, but had forgotten to remove it from the invoice.
I went back the next day and he handed me the money.
I was stunned.
There was absolutely no way for me to know he hadn't done the additional work.
I have recommended UFIXIT several times since then and have additional work done on my cars.
I have yet to be disappointed and will continue sending friends and family their way.

My husband,and i helped a little bit, used the self service at u fix it.
i can say that we are extremly happy with how it turned out.
shop was clean, organized and customercare was outstanding.
I know we saved about 300$ by bleeding the breakes and changing the transmission fluid ourself.instead of 80-120$ an hour we payed 20$ for the lift and 10$ for specialty tools...this includes good adwise from realy good tecs.
So if you know what you do and dont have a problem to get dirty yourself this is the place to be.

Excellent service!
I came in to change a valve cover gasket in my BMW and anytime I needed help or to verify I wasn't about to break something Seth was extremely helpful.
Those whole staff is very nice and always willing to stop what they are doing and help out the do it yourselfers like myself.
Highly recommend going here if you are thinking about working on your own car but seem a bit overwhelmed and fear getting stuck, these guys can literally take over any job and have the car back up and running in no time!
It's almost like paying for an automotive class but for a fraction of the cost...just simple hands on learning from very knowledgable staff!

It's a good place if you know how to do it yourself.
Seth stayed there with me until the end when I was there.
Safe to say, it wasn't cheap trying to tackle a project you're not good with.
The guys there are pretty cool.

We all know how expensive it's gotten to get routine service done on our cars and if something breaks, the cost of repairs can be budget busting.
I'm certainly no mechanic, but I do know how to use basic hand tools like a wrench and a screwdriver.
The problem with fixing my own vehicle has always been 1)There are so many specialty tools required 2) it's difficult and uncomfortable to crawl underneath a car and get at the parts that need fixing and 3) it's hard to find help when things don't go right.
U-Fix-It solves those problems by letting you rent a bay with a hydraulic lift, tools, and providing advice when needed.
We found the folks at U-Fix-It to be friendly and helpful.
Compared to paying a mechanic, the cost was much less, but of course you do have to get your hands dirty.
All the equipment there worked well.
We needed to replace a fender liner, which is an easy task once you remove the wheel, as long as you can get under the car.
Jeff and Seth at U-Fix-It came by every once in a while to make sure we were doing OK and to offer tools and advice.
The advice was free, but you do need to pay $10 extra if you use any of the tools in the well equipped tool boxes next to each bay.
I would definitely recommend U-Fix-It to anyone who knows how to use tools and feels confident enough to try their own repairs.
If fixing cars is already something you are good at, being able to have a convenient place to work with a hydraulic lift and professional tools is a no-brainer.

