Arizona Dog Sports is a new facility in Phoenix that I go to for all my dog's nutrition and training needs.
They provide a ton of canine services.
And also work with the top dog trainers in Arizona dog training Phoenix and surrounding areas.
I found a place that really cares about my dog and helping me give her what she needs and deserves, which is the very best.
Thank you Layne and Arizona Dog Sports

This has been the best place we have ever gone for dog training.
What a diverse group of trainers.
You can be a novice with a new puppy, or need expert training in advanced agility...and anything in between.
We love our classes with Debby and Marilee.
We are currently training our puppy Lizzie Lou to become a therapy dog, one class at a time she is getting closer to her goal.

Great place for dog training.
Offer a variety of training classes, taught by trainers that practice what they teach.
Best is that it is in a comfortable INDOOR facility - can't beat that in Phoenix.

This is a great place for dog training!
I love the instructors!
They are so experienced and very good at handling the dogs.
After just a couple of sessions I already noticed a big change in my puppy.
I have learned so much about communicating with dogs, I now have the confidence and knowledge to handle my puppy.
I highly recommend this place to anyone who loves dogs and want the best service for their dogs!

I LOVE this facility, the trainers, the variety of classes they offer, and their mission.
More specifically, I can't say enough about David Sanders' training skills and innate ability to connect with dogs.
He has worked miracles with my reservation rescue, Winston.
He has helped Winston progress beyond his negative behavior issues (fear-based aggression) and experience what calm, focus, and romping with a canine companion feels like.
It is because of David's true love for dogs and dedication, that I'm certain Winston's full potential will be realized -- that he will be all that he can be!
And I'm sure if you ask, David will gladly tell you more of the story of Winston.
Thank you, David and Layne!

