Breakfast for lunch at the Wild Horse Pass casino diner sounded good, but ended up being a mix of good and bad.
The diner itself can be a little hard to find, being situated adjacent to the gaming next to the poker room.
The atmosphere is pretty cheery, with a huge pastry case greeting you as you walk in with nummy looking contents.
Our waitress was great - fast, solicitous and accurate.
It's the food that will keep me from coming back, though.
I opted for the breakfast skillet that ended up being some undercooked, greasy potatoes and veggies placed into a skillet-shaped pyrex dish.
Chef - where's the caramelization?!
Not to mention, where's the skillet?
My lunch partner got the monte cristo sandwich that turned out to be some lunchmeat between two pieces of french toast - literally.
I held back laughing at his sandwich since he did have to eat it and all, but it was pretty pitiful looking.
Those two items and one soda (one water) added up to $22.
Seemed expensive for what we got.
Can't recommend the place, but also haven't found a good alternative at that casino either.

No windows, so it's kind of dreary inside.
Fancy lighting on the walls that changes color.
I had a breakfast skillet that was mostly potatoes, the sausage was cheap skinny link sausage that had been sliced into discs, and flavor was lacking somewhere.
I needed to add salt and ketchup, and I don't even like ketchup on my breakfast foods.
Too many potatoes.
And the price for a dish was about a dollar or two more than it should be.

Utterly "meh" experience.
Six of us stumbled in on a Sunday morning, having stayed the night at the hotel/casino this café is located in, hungover and in serious need of greasy food.
Well this was the place.
There was a short wait at 9 a.m., which was spent in the small waiting area by the glass display case of sweets a la Denny's with elderly and bleary-eyed patrons (though their eyes were glazed over due to marathon slot playing, not marathon drinking, I suspect).
When our table was ready, we rounded the corner (it was nice that this created a dining space entirely closed off from the sound and sights of the casino), past the buffet set up (silver chafer sets heated from beneath, nothing special) and to our table in the middle of the room.
Giant screens above our heads were projected upon with sports channels.
And the lights ... those colored lights.
What the hell.
First of all, it's NINE A.M., no need for a club like atmosphere in a place that clearly wants to be some sort of contemporary greasy spoon.
And they abruptly change from red to blue to green, no gradual transition.
(Then at one point, the already dim regular  lights went off entirely, leaving the restaurant to be lighted only by these creepy lights, ick).
Our server arrived and she was typical casino employee - short, gruff, no nonsense and I'll say it, rude.
(When she finally arrived with our drink orders, a friend mentioned we were ready to order, as in "hey don't run off after you deliver those, we are hungry and you've already taken forever to get waters so let's hurry this along.
" Her actual response: "you're not doing anything until I set these drinks down.
" Yikes).
The options were typical diner fare: club sandwiches and burgers (available early), omelettes, mozzarella sticks, garden salads, etc.
Though you could get a burger at 9a on a Sunday, you could get nothing stronger than an iced tea - they don't serve booze until 10 a here.
Between that and the colored lights, they were not being very kind to my hangover.
I got the chicken fried steak (I know, I think I was still drunk) and it was incredibly un-special.
(I've never had it before so have nothing to compare to, but wasn't impressed).
I wasn't surprised it was bad, steak in a casino diner is a gamble (yeah!
) but how did they manage to mess up breakfast potatoes?
They were a mix of undercooked and mushy, and flavorless, were probably not made to order but scooped out of that chafer dish I passed on my way in.
It was Denny's quality (and barely made that achievement) but with prices that would be about $2-3 more per entrée than them.
I was not a winner here.
Not at all.

Ordered, never got our pepsis after 20 minutes until another server took pity on us.
In the end, our waiter never came back after taking our order.
We walked out after wasting 45 minutes.

When my friends said do we really want to eat here we should have left.
There is nothing else close to the casino during the day so you are kind of trapped.
The smell of cigarettes is very strong in the restaurant.
Just walking into the restaurant the staff are very unfriendly and make no effort to greet, they just don't care, that permeates every member of staff in the restaurant.
We sat and waited and after about 10 minutes the surliest of waitressed came to take our order.
Her attitude may have actually got worse with time.
And by the way - how hard is it to bring ice-tea, with a straw and lemon?
Who knew they would have to personalize the experience for each of us at the table times three (once for the drink, again for a straw and then again for lemon) FOR THREE OF US, that's nine visits.
I had a salad that was instantly forgettable, the other dishes were equally bad.
I'd starve before eating here again

Came here the last night and the morning before we left back to cali.
the ngiht before i ordered the Ceasar salad with shrimp and hot tea.
DINNER TIME  SALAD with SHRIMP: they use the jumbo tiger shrimp for their salads and food.
the salad wasa  bit bland cz they barely threw in any of the dressing.
i had to ask for extra cheese on the side :..[ i love cheese!!!
The tea: the tea was pretty good.
they brought out honey for me ^_^ cz they love me lol  MORNING TIME  STEAK and EGGS with FRUIT: the steak was about 6oz.
it was kinda dry at medium rare.
wasnt seasoned.
i ordered egg whites and they really packed it on my plate LOL no complaints on that LOL.
Seasonal fruit woudl be melon, canteloupe, pineapple and grapes  Coffee: it gave me a head ache.
it was too bitter no matter how much creamer/half n half and sugar i put in  Orange juice: tasted like Minute maid orange juice =/ i can tell between fresh, minute maid or simply orange -_- im a big orange juice fan

how can you beat $6.99 steak & eggs?
the husband loved them so much he had them two days in a row!!
they were cooked perfectly!
i had the chicken strips the first day which were okay.
the baked mac and cheese the second day.
they were alright, typical diner food.
i liked that the service was quick and that the staff was friendly.
also, the fact that they completely separate the casino from the restaurant is great.
no smoke or ding-ding-dings from the machines!

Food was ok.
Went with a group of people and each meal ordered was considered "ok".
One complaint I will share is that we asked to replace fries with onion rings on one of the burger plates.
We were told that it would cost .99 cents extra, which was fine (usually there is a cost to "upgrade" to onion rings).
So was very surprised with the burger came with four (4)...yes, four small onion rings.
Stick with fries next time!
The huge eclair caught our eye when we went by the bakery case and we were excited to splurge with one.
Skip it, folks.
It was very dry and the filling was skimpy (actually it was thicker in the dead center of this huge eclair but overall, the experience was not worth the cost.
Most likely won't be back to this cafe.
We actually chose to eat here because we attended a concert at the casino.

It's all about expectations.
I don't understand people that give this place 2 stars because "it's just like Denny's.
"  Well yes it is, I wasn't expecting French Gourmet.
I like the cosy atmosphere inside a loud and noisy casino.
The servers are friendly, but most of the times they are busy.
The food is diner standard, and not bad at all.
I've tried the Mac & Cheese which is delicious, I like the crusty oven baked tops.
I've had the open face roast beef which was good, and so are the burgers and fries.
The average price of a meal is between 10 to 15 bucks.
I think it's a good value for what you get.

This place is truly terrible, spent an hour waiting for my food, saw my server once.
Food was brought to the wrong tables twice, baked potato tasted terrible.
I would have paid to not eat there.
Ruined my overall mood for the night, prime rib almost made me hurl.
Avoid this place, I would give anywhere else in the casino a try, it couldn't possibly be worse.

The absolute worst dining experience food wise.
However gave it one start for the gut renching laughter we experienced, the server we had, and the manager for comping the bill.
We had the French dip, the meat looked like leather.
There was a twist tie in our burger, my chicken was grey, and the ribs looked fake.
Everything at the table was returned and even the chef agreed that he should have never served it to us.
I feel bad for the staff, because again they were very friendly and super nice- but in wouldn't consume anything from that kitchen if it were my last meal on earth.

