Been coming here for over 5 years.
Touchfree runs 24 hours.
Get here by 7pm if you want your rims shined up.

Used the automatic car wash this morning and was NOT impressed.
My car was still dirty afterwards and the drying function at the end does not come close to drying the vehicle.
Waste of money in my opinion - I will not return to this car wash.

I really want to change this review.
Up until a few weeks ago it would have been 5 stars.
I want it to be 5 stars.
I've been here a few times.
At the beginning they were amazing.
Then the last two times it's been terrible.
I had some kid who didn't care about what he was doing, left water spots drying all over the car.
It looked terrible.
The kid just looked apathetic.
His work was beyond mediocre.
In a lot of ways it looked worse than it did going in (well, just on the windows, really).
And just now...
I waited up front for someone for several minutes.
Waiting.
Nobody came.
Then I see yet another gangly looking apathetic teenager poke his head out from the back, looking like he was on his phone.
I just left.
After waiting for that long the last thing I want is another crappy dry where they leave water drops all over my windows.
I'll go back, but I'm doing a drive by first.
If there's any of these useless kids who don't appreciate their job I'll go across the street.
Maybe after school is in session I can get a quality car wash again.
Update: I went back.
The worker was of legal drinking age I think.
He did a very good job, was prompt and did the work.
Still not 5 stars because the ridiculousness of the kids previously.
Each time I go back if I get proper service I'll add a star.

Bought they're groupon deal for here a while back.
Service is awesome, coolest car wash staff ever.
And in response to J.S.
about the kid, he also helped me out and I thought he was awesome (although I was just self washing my car)

I always go to Oasis Auto Spa.
Great staff and I love the brushless washing so I never get a scratch.
I've also used their auto detailing in the past and very happy with that service as well.

I recently was at Oasis Auto Wash and my experience with it was the same as it always has been.
Excellent!!!!
I have been going there since they opened and the service has remained constant.
When you need assistance there is always an attendant available.
I have met the owner several times and he is extremely courteous and appreciative of my business.

My car doesn't need to look great, but admittedly there are times it needs a wash.
It's just a compact commuter vehicle, so I don't feel like spending the big bucks on fancy car washes or detailing.
Usually I'll go with a self serve coin op car wash.  After a trip to Arizona, my car definitely needed a wash.
I usually go to a different coin op car wash, but I was in the area and decided to try this place out.
This place is behind a shopping center, so if I didn't know prior where it was located, it may have been hard to find.
As for the wash itself, it costs $3 for between 6-7 minutes of wash time (I can't remember the exact amount of time) and you can add more quarters if you need more wash time.
That's more than enough time for me and I actually would prefer if there were no minimum coin in.
Since I only do the low pressure pre-soak, high pressure soap, and rinse, I could get it all done in four minutes for $2, but unfortunately that's not an option.
You might need more time if you also want to do other services (e.g.
foam brush, tire/engine clean, clear coat, wax).

Got my car wash there today.
I've been going for three years now at least once every week, fantastic, best place in town bar none to get your car wash, I strongly recommend

My spot has always been Legacy Self Serve Car Wash.
I really wanted to be the duke there.
But, Oasis is my new spot.
Here's why.
Last night, I was all prepared to get the dirty birdie all cleaned up.
It's been 3 weeks since the last wash, and the dust and grime needed to come off.
So, I found some 1 dollar bills, grabbed the drying towels and was ready to head off.
All I needed was my trusty Dollar Store bucket, and my wool washing mitt.
As I checked underneath my counter to get them, I noticed they were missing.
My heart sank as I realized that I had left them at Legacy, 3 weeks prior.
Well, my car didn't care that they were gone, it still needed a wash.
When I got to Legacy, I was prepared to pony up to get the automatic car wash. As I saw the washing wheels, I noticed that they were made of a cloth or rubber substance.
Now, i'm paranoid when it comes to scratches on my car.
There was no way I was allowing this to happen.
So, I checked my Yelp app and put in the words "no touch car wash".
Oasis was the first listing to pop up, and I noticed the high ratings.
I also noticed that it was a mile away.
I decided to check it out.
Oasis is tucked behind Island Style on Eastern Ave.
It's hard to see it from the road, so if you see Island Style, turn into the small road and keep going behind the strip mall buildings, you will find it.
I used to go here before I found Legacy, which has cheaper self-service wash stations.
But, since I was only interested in the no touch car wash, this was the place to go.
I chose the cheapest car wash, which was 7.00.
I didn't need any of the extras, especially the bug remover (there are flying bugs in Vegas?).
This car wash also takes credit/debit cards.
As I entered, the foam process began, followed by the power rinse, then the drying.
As I exited the car wash, I parked at the vacuum machines in front.
I was skeptical on how well this cleaned my car, and I wanted a closer inspection.
Here is what I found.
Not only did it clean my car as well as I would by hand washing, it also cleaned off all the bird poo that was on my rear bumper.
I was stunned.
The drying did not do a "complete" drying, but I spent about 8 minutes drying the rest.
That's not too bad.
For about 5 dollars more than I would have paid at Legacy to: hand wash my car, clean all my washing equipment, and dry my car, it provided me with a high quality job that was clean, fast, and convenient.
I'm ditching the hand washing now and switching to Oasis' no touch wash.
I would recommend this place to everyone who's not only tired of hand washing, but wants the same quality, if not better, a washing that won't leave scratches, and that is affordable.
I got this place on my bi-weekly schedule!

Been here about a dozen times washing my own car on their bays.
The facility for their self serve car wash is great no complaints in that area.
I have tried their drive through once and was completely disappointed with their drying  system.
I left my car still completely wet.
I have never tried their detailing service since I do that on my own so I cant comment on that.
Staff, I would have to say are not as courteous or attentive to customers.
I would recommend just using their self serve bay and dry and detail your own car.

Fabulously high marks for the customer service.
Dave is a rock star.
I have to go 4 on the methodology for the standard wash though, as it didn't get my wheels as clean as I like.
I would definitely try them again, though next time for the hand wash/detailing service.

Ricky is the man!!
I have a new black car and I didn't want anybody touching it with rough brushes or dirty cloths.
When I asked for a no touch wash, the owner or manager said I should instead opt for a hand wash in order to make sure the car came out perfectly clean with no scratches.
Here's how they do it..   First they pull your car into one of the self-wash stalls and spray it down with a pre-rinse, then wash it off, then spray nearly every inch with a soap/foam, then rub it down from top to bottom (Ricky made sure to use wash mitts from the detail area instead of the brush), wash off, and then use a spot free rinse and spray wax before drying (Again he went out of his way to use new microfibers knowing I was particular with what touched the car).
He also cleaned the wheels very well and applied a tire coat.
Even the inside lip of the tire wells got cleaned.
The car came out near perfect and I didn't have to worry about any additional swirl marks.
Excellent service!!!
My only issue would be with the dry job because the towels were too wet to remove all the water, but I'll just make sure to bring a clean microfiber towel with me next time.
Most important to any car fanatic that is particular with protecting a factory or custom paint job should be what touches the car and how.
From what I could tell Ricky could not have been more professional about it.
I appreciate that kind of effort.

Brought in my 2011 SS Camaro for a hand wash and inside detail.
I told the manager that I'm very picky so they'd better do a good job.
I also told him absolutely no tire shine is to be used since all Ut does is spray all over my white car.I dropped it off and went over to get a bagel.
I came back 30 minutes later and picked up my car.
I walked around it and noticed it looked like they had dried it off with dirty towels.
I also noticed my tires had tire shine on them.
I had them wipe off what they could, and wiped off the smudges on the paint.
I tipped the guy and left.
I got down to the grocery store and got out to discover black tire shine spots all over both sides of my white car.
I got back in my car and went back to the car wash.
I asked for the manager and had him come out and see the car.
He apologized and told the kid to wipe the marks off.
I declined and said if go somewhere else where they didn't use dirty towels.
and not listen to instruction.
I told him I even warned you when I got out of my car!
Will never go back or recommend them to anyone!

This is probably the only car detail place in my area.
Bobby was super friendly and thorough.
Dwayne did a great job.
My car is a year old...
This is it's first detail and it looks better than new!
The staff is great, totally would recommend and be back!

Great place tucked away off Eastern.
Bobby the manager is real helpful and I've never had any problems with the machines or equipment.

Car was filthy!!
Hand vacuumed the car for $2.
Then had outside cleaned by brushless auto wash and came out great !
Highly suggest to clean your car here!

I just had my car washed at this place for the fist and last time.
I'm not a cheap person but who doesn't like to save a buck?
I used a coupon for a touch free wash that included a hand dry and tire shine for $5.99.
I wonder, if you use a coupon do they think you're cheap and assume that you won't tip so they do a horrible job?
Because that's what happened, I showed the person the coupon and then the person straight out told me not to expect the water spots to come out, my response was "that has never been a problem anywhere else I've had my car washed".
The person used a soapy brush to wash the car before it went through the car wash which I thought would help get the car cleaner, then went through the wash and on to the hand dry.
The person took maybe 3 minutes at most to put tire shine on and dry my car and it looked horrible.
There is soap residue all over my windows and still have bird poo on the roof, hood, and driver side rear finder.
I stood there looking at the roof which was still a mess so the person made a really bad attempt to wipe it again but still didn't get it any cleaner.
The tire shine is in spots so the shine looks patchy, shiny in some spots and not in others.
I work in a business where I get tips so I know how people depend on those tips therefore I tip according to the service I get.
I never expect people to tip me and I know if I want a tip I have to earn it.
As far as I was concerned this person did not earn a tip so therefore I did not leave a tip.
I'll leave a tip on here to the person who did my car, if you do better work you'll get a better tip.
If you do a bad job you won't get a tip, that's how tips work.
And one more thing, just because a person uses a coupon does not mean they are cheap or won't tip so don't assume that and always do the best work you can, you might be surprised at how big your tips can be.

Got a full detail for my fiancé as an early Easter gift and I have to type they made her 2006 x5 look brand new inside and out!
I highly recommend this auto spa...

If I could give this place zero stars, I would.
Initially my car was dirty, but not as dirty as it was after "washing" it here.
I'm a very detail oriented person, so I take great care of my car and know what I'm doing.
I've spent countless hours over the years detailing.
I started with a plain rinse to soften up any dirt, then pushed the button for the soapy spray, taking lots of time going over everything, and finished with the spot free rinse.
Typically, that's all I need because I never let my car get too dirty in the first place.
I put about 10 minutes worth of quarters in to begin with and added more for the spot free rinse at the end...Upon wiping out my door jambs, the water started to dry and I noticed that bug splatters were still present despite having really hit them with the washer and some kind of filmy gunky crap was showing up all over the place.
I went to the teenage attendant and showed him what happened.
He tried to blame it on me, but I persisted so he called the owner, who said that since it was a service that I did, he wouldn't refund any of my money...Well, I've been washing cars since I was a kid during summer jobs at Toyota dealerships and I know it wasn't operator error.
Sir, your product is flawed and sadly, your customer service blows harder than your pressure washers.
I won't be returning and hope that other people read this before getting jilted like I was.

I love this place.
My car is my baby, and I love it a lil bit more every time I drive away from this car wash with a bright shiny clean car.
The staff is friendly and helpful.
Especially the cute owner.
He make it feel like a friendly neighborhood place that welcomes you.
There are even do-it-yourself bays and a dog wash.
So cool.

I really like this place a lot.
The employees seem to really care and every time I leave with a spotless car.
Nice, friendly people and the prices are right.
Can't really ask for more.
Very satisfied customer.

Awesome place to wash your car!!
I've taken my car to Oasis Auto Spa for years, and my car always looks amazing!
The owner and staff are very courteous and professional as well.

They do a great job.
They are pleasant and professional.
This is only place I will go because of that!

