If your looking for a fun little dive bar with great music and a great little patio then Chopper John's is where ya need to go.
You will have any kind of crowd there on any given night/weekend.
John has owned the bar almost two years now and it's been so much fun to stop in on the way home for a drink or two or three...or four....lol

The drinks aren't cheap and they have yummy draft beers to chose from, for a "dive bar" ($4.50 Four Peaks draft).
Add to that: the music was awesome and there wasn't a cover.
Worth every penny, if you ask me!

My brother in law's band played here last weekend and I have to be honest and say I was a little nervous, expecting something much different- but it ended up being pretty chill.
They gave out free margarita shots all night, I scored a free absolute tee-shirt, and the bands rocked!
:) drinks were cheap, there were just the right amount of people there, not too douchey of a crowd and even a super good hot dog stand out back.
What more can you ask for from a little dive bar/venue?

Love this place.
Great dive with a popcorn machine-Holla!
cheap ass drinks and cool as hell.

Biker Dive bar, love it.
Drinks we priced ok, service was quick.
Live music the night I was there, so it was 4 stars for me.
The bathrooms are a one person type of thing, but it was great.
Lots of Bikers, but they dont bother anyone, so dont worry about them.
I'll be back!!

My local hang out spot when there nothing else decent going on in town.
Almost always have live bands playing all sorts of rock.
Never really know what you will hear when you get there.
The bartenders are super chill and always know what I want to drink soon as I walk in .
Prices are fairly cheap for this part of Phoenix.
Huge plus being I live right up the street.
Do not drink & drive in this area I must tell you cops drive up and down Indian school and 24th st.
So just giving a heads up.

My favorite hole in the wall dive bar.
An all age medley of people every time we go.
A must if you are a fan of ummm... Let's say "college music".
I really only go on Friday nights, but we always see some great local bands.
Doesn't seem like much of a biker bar.
We are usually the only club there.
Maybe 1 or 2 other bikes.
Cheap drinks and fun plain and simple.
Once again I've only been on Fridays w/live bands there.

Friend and I are still looking to run amuck in the city, get cheap drinks and flirt with the boys, last 2 bars we went to were lacking boys, seems since it was the holiday weekend no one was coming out to play!
We wanted to try one more place before calling it a night and I said ok what about a biker bar now?
it was right down the street from where we were at  and she said ok why not!
So we headed on down to Chopper Johns, WOW a great little dive bar, walked in and the bartender greeted us right away, we took a seat by the bar and ordered some cherry drink, let me tell you, it was cheap and strong, 2 things I love!
It was a great little crowd, am willing to come back on another night to see what the crowd is like.
My friend got a little crush on the Addison the bartender, even got him in a picture with us, so Im am sure she would be down to go back with me!
Yep what a great dive bar, I will back!

great dive.
the bar staff is great.
music, great.
very diverse crowd.
I met a guy here who was the live action version of boomhower.
despite the few indiscretions aided by ethanol.. i loved it.

I drive 10 miles whenever I want a beer just so that I can drink and party with the great people at this place, and it's worth it every time.
I never know what kind of crowd will be there, but I always end up having an awesome time, and the bartenders know what they're doing, whether they have two customers or two hundred.

The best dive bar in Phoenix!
Live music most nights of the week and NO COVER!!!
Wow!
Great bartenders, friendly and they know how to make your drink right.
Popcorn and other bar food available.
ON busy nights they have Chi-Town dogs there.
Like my facebook page www.facebook.com/spectacularentertainmentaz to see some of the great shows happening there.

OK. You seriously CANNOT get any better than this!
Came in from out of town, and wanted to hang out with my buddy.
He already had plans to come here for their 5th anniversary punk show, so he sent me the web link ahead of time, and I perused it.
I love live music, and doesn't matter what genre just as long as it sounds good.
I don't normally listen to punk on the radio, but have been to a show or two in my lifetime, and have really gotten into watching 'em play, so decided to meet him over here.
It was super fun, and super great performances.
And punk shows are really all about the performance.
A few broken glasses...
Spilled beers...
Slight body slams....  Quite honestly though, the venue was pretty "chill" at the same time; crowds and staff were really cool.
...and NO COVER.
Talk about giving back to the community!
Truly doesn't get any better than this, and truly magical.

This is a fun little dive bar!
Nice people, good live music, and strong drinks.
They have pool tables and and a digital jukebox that you can pick music on.
Small outdoor patio, but it gets the job done.
Parking in the back if the front is full.

One of the best dive bars in phoenix.
Great atmosphere, music, the bartenders are awesome plus they do a lot of events for the community.
Fun people who visit this place.

Great music, atmosphere and a nice mix of people.

