So after three days in Vegas for recent trade show I finally hit the bad hotel food, steak dinner, fast food & anything on the strip, wall.
I needed some, no make that, craved something unique & off the beaten path so when an old industry friend offered to take me & our other salesman out to dinner, I was all over it.
Having never really had much experience with kosher food aside from a Hebrew National frank & some macaroons I was a definite neophyte in this regard.
The restaurant itself is actually a Glatt style kosher restaurant, which is essentially follows the strictest laws of the kosher standard.
The menu follows what are considered traditional Hebrew & Mediterranean cuisine most of them you've heard of  like shawarma, falafel, kabobs & pita based wraps.
The meal starts out with platters of salads & toppings for the pita breads.
Baba Ganoush, red & white cabbage, a Moroccan salad made with cucumber, tomatoe, red onion & spices, an awesome spicy eggplant relish & some& other tasty stuff.
We all had different entree's so I had a chance to try some of everything & everything simply rocked!
The falafel was smaller than I'm used to but extra crispy & then creamy on the inside.
The kabobs were made with some of the tastiest, juiciest meat I've had in some time, was seasoned perfectly & BBQ'd to perfection.
The chicken shawarma, simply epic.
I could eat one of their chicken shawarma laffa sandwiches (aka burrito) every day & never get tired of it.
The fish balls were tender & tasty & the rib-eye, freaking unreal!
You can tell it's authentic kosher food just by their regulars on hand.
The jewish community in N. Vegas flock to this place & finding a table wasn't easy.
So it's a little of the beaten path (15 minutes from the strip)  a total hole in the wall, kinda slow service & the (almost) deal killer...NO beer, wine or other alcohol served there.
(hello to-go order)  That aside I could put up with that a dozen times over again, the food is that good.
Beer & wine would have made it a perfect 5 star rating.

My Israeli friend's been raving about this place for months, and she finally shlepped me there.
It was worth the wait.
Yes, it's a hole in the wall, but it's more like eating in my Grandma's kitchen - except my Grandma wasn't Moroccan or Iraqi, which is definitely the accent here.
My friend warned me that the platters were too big for one person (or at least two women trying to keep their, ahem, girlish figures) to eat, so we shared a Chicken Shawarma platter.
This is a Meal (capital M).
The larger plate had a good-sized portion of chicken pieces.
They were tasty, but I swear, I couldn't tell whether they were dark or white meat.
This was accompanied by a large helping of rice covered with pinto beans in sauce (we could have chosen green beans as a topping).
The smaller plate had Israeli salad - basically chopped and seasoned cucumber and tomato - along with baba ganouche, hummus, and a red cabbage salad that was scrumptious.
A third plate had four mini pitas (more upon request).
The idea was to pull off pieces of the the pita and make little mini sandwiches with all the ingredients.
Luckily, I was there with a native, to teach me the ropes and translate the waitress, Gila, who's also the cook and owner, with her husband.
Gila speaks English, but obviously preferred to converse with my friend in Hebrew.
My friend bought a box of pastries - Gila made - to take home, but we snacked on them for dessert.
They were farina-based, stuffed with dates, deep-fried, then baked, and finally, dipped in honey.
They were so out of this world delicious that I wanted to take home a box, too, but she got the last one!
As mentioned in the other review, there is no beer or wine, but there's not even coffee, due to an agreement with the Pannini Cafe next door.
That, together with the mystery chicken, is the reason for this not being a five-star review.
But it's damned close, and I highly recommend it!

While Vegas(and Henderson) posses several "Jewish Deli" establishments that serve New York style ashkenazi cuisine that everyone knows and loves, the city was severely lacking any good middle eastern/Israeli/ establishments ( especially considering the sizable minority that seem to work through out the strip and oddly enough at many of the local mall carts) that cater to Sephardic cuisine.
There is a good Afghan kabob (or is it kabeb?
i forget) spot on the east side and i've heard rumors of a good Persian spot as well, but most other Mediterranean /mid east joints were poor attempts at Americanized greek.I'm getting off topic; we're here to talk about Shawarma Vegas.
This place is a hole in the wall as someone else mentioned; but in a good way.
There maybe no more than 5 or 6 tables inside and a couple more outside.
What it lacks in size and decor, it makes up in food.
I have been twice and so far both meals were a success.
The Shawarma in pita was excellent (and I still feel that is an understatement.
)that was stuffed with the usual condiments of hummus and pickles amongst others.
I am truly looking forward to trying the entire Shawarma plate.
The schnitzel was fried perfectly, with the chicken far from dry (always an issue with schnitzel).
Nearly as good as my Grandmothers!
The food is a bit pricey, but most kosher meats usually run on the higher end so I can accept it.
(plus the food is great)   A great place for middle eastern comfort food.

Native of LA..
I'm a huge fan of Pita kitchen and zankou chicken..
Since moving to LV..
I ve really missed good shawarma..
But I think I found my new favorite spot!
The food is fresh and delicious!!
The shawarma has great flavor, tender, and juicy.. Pita is good too a lil' chewy just the way I like it.. Will be back for sure!

A nice neighborhood hole in the wall with a homey feel.
Tasted like a home cooked meal.
Not used to the rice with bean sauce but I liked the chicken a lot.
Wish they had a bigger beverage menu.

We are always looking for schawarma...
I should say good schawarma -- it is hard to find... unless we make it ourselves... however, Shawarma Vegas was not bad at all!
What can I tell you... they are a little whole in the wall deli type place and you can find them in a little strip mall & as I looked around - it appears that the 'area' (very small) might cater to Jewish businesses... anyways, if you do not slow down you might miss it.
I forgot to mention to the owner that some signs / advertisement might behoove him.
Inside, you are welcome to wash your hands before eating (which, I like) and it appears that it may also be a low key hangout where you might find yourself picking up the Torah to read whilst you munch on their yummy eats.
We had:  Geo: Shawarma pita w french fries and babaganoush and hummus Moi:  Kabob plate w Israeli salad (mixture of tomatoes & cucumbers in vinaigrette sauce & hummus w tea...  Not bad at all...
I thought that since the kabobs were so juicy that perhaps they may have been a little oily - Geo, says, 'not so' all in all the taste was very good.
If we are in the area again - we will go - I would not, however, drive all the way there just to eat schwarma...  still good all in all...  your constant companion,  ~dee

First time I had falafel was at Tacos & Tequila.
It was no bueno.
I know what you are thinking...Falafel at TNT..WTH!?!
Then the second time I had it was at Greek Bistro.
It wasn't delicious as I had hoped for.
After a discussion with my Israeli co-worker, she recommended Shawarma Vegas.
The way she described it got me salivating, so I had to try it out.
So I ordered the falafel, and my friend ordered the Chicken Shawarma.
As we are waiting for our food, the nice lady brought out small plates of the following: -Israeli salad: chopped & seasoned cucumber and tomato:  Refreshing -baba ganoush:  Yummy -hummus:  Yum -red cabbage salad:  Eehh -mini pitas:  piping hot, crisp on the outside, soft in the inside.
Perfect.
Wow, those small plates were all bursting with bold flavor, exciting my palate!
The owner was super nice, saying that other restaurants may want customers to spend more money on appetizers, but not here..customers get small plates of appetizers for free,  not spending anymore money.
However, I wasn't too excited about my falafel or the shawarma.
The shawarma has morrocan spices, but it tasted like it needs some salt or a bit of BAM.
Dunno, I can't make a comparison to anything else since this is my first time having the shawarma.
The texture was unexpected as well.
As for my much anticipated falafel...I came to the conclusion that...ummm..I don't like falafel.
Can't really hold that against them can I.
But regardless, I will come back to try other items and get my small plates of delicious appetizers.
This is  more of a 3.5 star small eatery in my book.

The food was very tasty, but I feel like it is a little bit of a rip off.
I learnt my lesson.
Get the sandwiches they are more worth the money versus the plates.
Go to Jerusalem Grill, they are the better kosher spot in town.

The best shawarama in las Vegas !!!!
Fresh and good service like in israel

This food is amazing.
Ground beef kabobs, shawarma, falafel.
Everything is great.
Ambience.
No.
Prices are not.cheap, but the servings are huge.
Stay away, cause I love this place and do not want to share.

love their baby chicken!!!
and of course shawarma...

I remember seeing this close a while back and was surprised to see it open again under presumably a new owner.
As we were waiting for our food to arrive, we were entertained that it seemed like everyone knew everyone and no one was speaking English.
This though makes me feel excited as it can only mean authentic food.
I saw on the menu that you can get for $3 AYCE of the salads which consisted of hummus, baba ganoush, a vinegar based slaw, carrot and cauliflower pickles, pickled peppers, cucumber tomato salad, onions with sumac, red cabbage salad All of them were good, fresh and seasoned well.
The hummus and baba is really good and would cost you a lot more than $3 anywhere else for a single serving of one of them.
BF and I got the falafel pita (I believe $6.99).
Once they stuff them in the pocket they ask you what else you want in it (basically from the salads I mentioned above) along with options for garlic sauce and hot sauce as well.
The seasoning on the falafel was good and they were lightly crunchy and soft inside.
I prefer more soft than crunchy like chips so it made me quite happy and the pita was fluffy and everything I think good bread should be.
Both the BF and I are huge fans of the falafel at Amenas and this is really good that they are equal contenders for the top pocket.
There was a bit of confusion (language barrier?
) as to the salad sampler but eventually I got a little plate to try them and the lady was really sweet anyways.
I definitely will be back again to have more of this falafel and maybe try other offerings on the menu.
I think this little hole in the wall is a must try if you like Mediterranean fare.

The place is a little pricier than other shawarma places, and I can't say I'm a fan of the decour either, but the food here was amazing!
We came for the shawarma, and the place delivered!
I got a shawarma pita with hummus and tahini, cabbage, some red hot sauce and some onions.
The pita was stuffed full of delicious shawarma and all of the fixins.
I couldn't even finish the whole pita because it was so big!
The combination of the shawarma and the tahini tasted so good.
I love how everything is handmade over there from the pita to the hummus.
In the background, you can see the chefs cutting the juicy strips of meat for the shawarma.
Everyone their was really nice as well.
I will definitely be back!

If I could give no stars to an establishment, this place would be at the top of my list.
My awful experience went as follows:  I was in Vegas on 6/1/12 and had a craving for shawarma.
I Yelped some nearby shawarma places and decided on Shawarma Vegas due to its close proximity and the good reviews that it had gotten despite its somewhat pricey menu.
I noticed on Yelp that it closes at 4pm on Fridays, but it was only 3:05 so I figured I was in the clear.
I walked in and saw a woman behind the counter frantically scooping some food.
No greeting, hello, eye contact, nor nod of acknowledgement of my presence.
I began looking at the menu overhead to decide what I wanted.
The woman then says to me in a raised voice (for no apparent reason because there was no music or any other customers to talk over) , "WE'RE CLOSED.
WHAT YOU WANT?
"  I was a little startled by her greeting and also surprised that they were already closed considering that it said on Yelp that they close at 4pm on Fridays and that it said on Shawarma Vegas's website that they're open from 9-9, Mon-Fri (confusing I know).
Surprised by the fact that she said that they were closed, I replied, "Oh, you're closed?
"  Her reply to me (in an even more irritated tone) again was, "WHAT YOU WANT?
"  Appalled by her sheer rudeness, I calmly responded with "Nothing from here.
", turned around and walked right out the door.
I had never been so rudely treated at an establishment where I was a hungry patron willing to pay $11.99 for supposed good chicken shawarma in pita bread.
I see the reviews on Yelp where fellow reviewers talk about the great and "friendly" customer service from this place.
It's gotta be a joke.
I seriously don't know where to begin to explain how upset I was at the treatment that I received.
Needless to say, I will never come here again the next time that I'm in Vegas and will adamantly discourage any and all Vegas friends from patronizing this establishment.

Found this place through a Yelp search.
I had the shawarma pita.
It was delicious!
The staff was friendly and helpful.
A little taste of the Middle East on Ft. Apache and Charleston.

It's great food.
The Jerusalem Mix is the shawarma grilled with onions.
The smell of it cooking is fantastic.
The place is kosher.
Don't expect to go after sundown the day before the sabbath (Friday).
The cook was very friendly.
The muscle bound owner must have been mad that I interrupted his prayers or something because he showed that he didn't give a rat's ass whether I spent my money with him or not.
Two $10 sandwiches and not a smile, not thank you, nothing.
I'm sorry, did me asking questions about the menu bother you?
(I didn't ask during his prayers.
)  A customer actually answered my questions.
Judging from the lack of business at lunch time, he NEEDS to learn that you at the very least should treat your customers with respect, not contempt.
You had 28 demerits and were featured on Dirty Dining.
If you want to stay open, the owner should stay away from the customers.
He's obviously not going to change his attitude.
If he can't, then they deserve to go out of business.
Since one order was a large portion of the "Lunch Rush", that should be pretty soon.

There are few things in life that make me happier than falafel and shawarma.
These guys deliver above average quality for both and I already know I'll be a return customer.
The falafel plate was around $11 and it was huge.
The balls themselves were smaller than usual but that was made up for in quantity as you can see from the photo I took.
An overall 3.5 star falafel in the world is pretty much a 5 star falafel in Las Vegas.
The plate also came with my choice of 4 sides to make up my salad side of it.
I went with babaganoush, hummus, a red cabbage salad and their Israeli salad.
It also came with a big side of rice and beans so I pretty much had lunch for the next day.
I just HAD to sample the shawarma so being the pig that I am, I got a shawarma sandwich to go too.
The quality of their pita was very good and although I prefer lamb shawarma, their chicken was still great.
They allow to put in whatever you'd like in the sandwich and as much as the pita can fit so I went wild with every little thing.
You should too.
The dining area is OK and teetering on hole in the wall status.
I see myself doing takeout orders for the most part.

This is not the Shawarma I am used to.
If you want real Shawarma, you have to go to Dearborn, Michigan, or Lebanon.
This is not even close.
It was aweful.
I still have not found a place on the West Coast that makes good authentic Shawarma sandwiches.
Shawarma is lamb or chicken that is spiced and cooks while it turns on a ventricle roaster.
The cooked meat is cut off as it turns and then rolled in pita bread.
The meat shawarma usually comes warped with onions and tahini sauce with pickled turnips.
The chicken is rolled with a garlic sauce and pickled cucumbers.
Both sandwiches are then placed on a panini grill to toast the bread.
That is a shawarma sandwich.
Note****** This place was on Dirty Dining in July.
I just seen that today on the Channel 13 website.

The shawarma is probably the best in town.
lost one star for being ridiculously expensive!
($14 for shawarma sandwich).
and the other star was lost for shitty service and cleanliness (or lack of it).

Well if you're looking for bad service then step right up and take a crack at this place.
I wish that I could comment on the food but they didn't even make it that far until I was out the door due to the lousy service.
So I walked into the place in the evening many hours before they close and there are two tables of customers, both with their food, and they're not busy at all.
I walked up to the counter and had the two cooks and the host taking the order walking around for awhile stocking food and things.
I stand there for probably 5 minutes waiting for someone to come.
They seem to be in no rush.
The place isn't busy so what's the hurry.
Finally the guy comes up and takes my order.
I ask a couple quick questions about the menu and then I place my order.
He asks me if I want fries, I say sure.
I go over and sit down at a table right next to the front.
I patiently wait.
(3 mins, 5 mins, 7 mins.....) No food.
All while this is happening the host/cashier is walking around stocking food and things in the back.
Coming out to the front and refilling the drinks.
Stocking the condiments, etc.
Finally after 10 minutes another customer walks in the door and places an order.
5 minutes later and the customer gets HIS food!
Well this immediately made me heated.
The host/cashier comes out again and walks by me for probably the 7th time stocking things and cleaning up the tables.
My level of irritation is growing more and more.
Finally after about 15 minutes really politely I stop the guy and ask, "Is my meal almost ready?".
His confused response, "Oh did you place an order?".
My jaw kinda drops, "Ummm I was JUST at your counter 15 mins ago and have been sitting here waiting.".
Finally it dawns on him, "Omigosh!
I totally forgot that you ordered!
Soooo what did you have again?".
I'm just frankly shocked.
I stand up and say, "Don't worry about it.
I'm out of here.".
He follows me out the front door and says, "I'm sorry sir, I just forgot.".
I say, "I can understand if you're busy to forget but you guys aren't whatsoever.
That's just really bad service.".
He says he will give me the food free.
I decline again.
I just can't understand how a person forgets an order he JUST placed.
Nobody new comes in.
He walks by you 7 times while you're sitting at the table with no food patiently waiting.
And you actually have to stop HIM to get him to realize.

Get the shawarma on laffa bread.
It is a way tastier carb than pita in my opinion!
It's super chewy, soft, and soaks up all the sauces and juices really well.
There were a few complaints on yelp regarding the price (approx.
$11/shawarma) but if you think about it, all the sauces are home made, the meat is kosher, veggies are fresh, 2 people can definitely share one, and you are contributing to a local joint!
This is my ultimate favorite shawarma joint in the USA.
Next time I'm going to ask them to add fries!
Woohoo!

The food is great!
It's the service that needs desperate attention.
ATTENTION OWNERS: We are not in Jerusalem.
We are not in Tel Aviv.
While I understand the laid back, casual, time consuming approach other cultures have,  I assure you most people will not.
Neither will they yelp about it in an attempt to help you understand.
They simply will not return.
You need to greet customers promptly, prepare the food in a reasonable time, and smile.
Every time I am in your restaurant is a new adventure.
There is ZERO consistency.
Sometimes your service is ok, but most times it is plain aweful.
What a shame, considering how delicious your food truly is.
Please fix your customer service problems so I can enjoy my experience, and find you open rather than out of business when I return.
Shalom.

Food is decent but I'm not sure I ever had such bad service.
The man behind the counter, who I assume is the owner, had the worst attention span I've ever seen in anyone over the age of 5.
His wife, who sat in the "restaurant," continued to distract him by coming up to the desk asking for more food for herself.
He would stop whatever he was working on to make it for her.
It then took him an additional 10 minutes to ring us up from the time our food was finished!
Absolutely ridiculous!

Feels like you are in Tel Aviv!
(I have never been in Tel Aviv, but if I had, I bet it would feel like this!
)  Staff was very friendly.
Food was excellent.
Shawarma was huge!
Only downfall, staff was yelling at each other in Hebrew the whole time - but this is what made it feel authentic!
Oh - and it is Kosher, if that is important to you.

Love this place yummy the pitas are the best!!!
Very friendly staff and comfortable setting.

