Pork on a Fork is exclusively available at farmers' markets but these Nebraska transplants who were raised on hog farms know their pork!
In fact, the pork comes from the family farm back in Nebraska.
Raised humanely, antibiotic and hormone-free, it's more expensive than what you might find in the regular grocery store but, I have to say, I think it's totally worth it!
So far I've enjoyed the award-winning  BBQ pulled pork which was easy to prepare and delicious!
Simply drop in a crock-pot and warm.
Loosen with a fork, add the BBQ sauce of your choice or eat it straight - $12 worth makes about 5 sandwiches!
Tonight: the Husker boneless pork chops!
I can't wait!

Loved the boneless pork chop too!
They are small, but appropriate serving size (a little bit bigger than a deck of cards when cooked).
I just lathered with Trader Joe's garlic mustard aoli and grilled for a few minutes.
It was delicious tender and juicy!

I was lucky enough to be part of the Groupon deal (thanks Christina P.) and picked up a Premium Pork Package at the Ahwatukee Farmers Market on Sunday.
The $50 package includes 2 pkgs (4 chops @ 1 inch thick) of Pork Chops, 1 pkg of Ham Steaks (or sliced for sandwiches), 1 pkg of smoked pulled pork, 1 pkg of bacon (choice of Regular, Peppercorn or Cottage).
Seeing as how patience is a virtue that I do not have much of, that same afternoon, we made B.E.L.T.
's using the peppercorn bacon.
Wow-wee, was that peppery (i.e.
not for the weaklings) but it sure was tasty!!
A few days later we had pulled pork sandwiches for dinner.
Just as easy as the guy made it sound; defrost, warm, serve.
Quick and delicious, perfect for a weeknight dinner.
Up next the ham and the pork chops.
I can't wait!
Next time, I'll have to try some of the bratwurst (flavors include original, jalapeno, pineapple, garlic, and tomato basil).
Or maybe the breakfast sausage .
Local products + fresh food = money well spent, even if it is a little more expensive.
In the end that makes me slow down and appreciate my food a little more, which is another good thing!
This is win-win-win-win situation!
Well, maybe not so much for the pig.
:-(

These little piggies come from a small farm in Nebraska still run by the family of one of the co-founders of Pork on a Fork.
Of course, the prices are higher than that you would pay in the mega grocery stores today.
But for me, not only do I get better quality, I get peace of mind in knowing that the little piggies were raised humanely with fresh air and exercise, and they were not pumped full of growth hormones.
I ordered the premium package for $50 and received 4 boneless chops (about 6 oz each), a package of 2 ham steaks, a pound of bacon, and a pound of pulled pork (smoked over pecan wood).
Everything is frozen, so you can just pop it in your freezer until ready to use, and everything is delicious.
The pulled pork is the winner for me since all I have to do is heat it!
You can order and pay on-line and specify which farmers' market you would like to pick up from (their calendar is on the website).
Couldn't be easier.
Although my first order was put in the wrong freezer and sent to another market, they quickly made up my package on-site and took my word for it that I had already paid.
They also have a restaurant opening this month, I believe, at 15th Ave & Deer Valley Rd!

Had a pulled pork sandwich from Pork on a Fork today at the Old Town Farmers Market....very very good!
Keep up the good work.

This review is based on the pork products I picked up at the Mesa Farmers Market.
I understand they have a restaurant opening soon, and I'll for sure have to check it out.
For $12 you get a bag of frozen smoked pulled pork that is so easy to fix at home!
Just put it in a pan - I added a little (very little) of my favorite bbq sauce - and heat until hot.
Great smoke flavor, no fatty pieces and very tender.
The pulled pork is as good as any I've had from a bbq place here or anywhere.
I also tried the ham steaks and they were tasty, not fatty and much better than any ham steak I've bought at the grocery store.
I'm a repeat customer and that says it all!

~This is for the restaurant, not the market~   The newly opened building has the wonderful aroma of smoked pork.
That alone deserves 4 stars.
It is a order at the counter, they put together the meal and you pick it up.
They can fit about 25 people and it is clean and inviting.
The pulled pork was as great as expected.
$ generations of hog farmers know how to raise them pigs.
The sides were choice of: beans, Potato salad or coleslaw.
The beans are doctored up canned beans with real hunks of bacon....yummy.
The Potato salad is said to be homemade but had that strange sweet taste to it.
While good it was not great.
The slaw looked but but I did not try any.
2 sauces Hot or mild... go for the heat, remmeber they are from Nebraska...it was not hot.
LOL  The prices seem reasonable, the staff is excellent.
The food is great.
Look out for breakfast and Swine and Dines... they are getting a beer license.
SUUUU WEEEEE.

Reviewing their food for the first time at their new restaurant location in far north phoenix (Deer Valley Airport only USED TO be the boonies), but i've been hearing about their meat for some time now.
A delicious smoky aroma gently smacks you around and lulls you into submission once you enter.
A simple menu offers the lunch selection (soon to offer breakfast too).
I knew i wanted pulled pork as an entree, and honestly didn't notice what else they had.
The usual side offerings of beans, potato salad, and coleslaw never appeal to me, personally.
I don't fault them for that, but a pickle spear being my only other available side left me feeling less than satiated.
Maybe some french fries, or at least chips?
The pulled pork sandwich had a nice smoky flavor, and the meat was juicy without being fatty.
The bun was simply generic.
Maybe these guys could get into cahoots with a local baker to put their special meat on something a little more worthy?
The sauces offered were "Sweet Mild" (which was both) and "Hog Wild Hot" (which was neither, but still tasty).
Both had a distinct molasses sweetness in a thick tomatoey base, the Hot with a little more spice flavor to it, but not much heat at all.
The atmosphere is simple and clean.
Ribs, breakfast, and "Swine & Dine" nights are on the way, according to the owners.
Look forward to many more days of coming back to work smelling like a meat smoker !

Not knowing what I wanted today for lunch, I scrolled through my bookmarks & decided to go with Pork on a Fork.
The place was empty when I walked in but I was warmly greeted by the dude at the register.
I told him it was my 1st time so I'd need a couple minutes, he said to take my time.
I finally decided on the pulled pork sandwich & got my hubby the brat.
Both came with 2 sides, I got the baked beans & potato salad for us both.
I got this order to go so I forgot to put some of their BBQ sauce on my sandwich, bummer.
Any way, the pulled pork was amazing!
Great flavor & a huge portion.
Hubby liked his brat as well.
We loved the beans with hunks of meat in it & the potato salad was just ok, maybe a tad too sweet.
Total for both meals was $15 & some change.
I saw on their website that they have all kinds of yummy meats, which for now are only available at Farmers Markets.
But he told me that they are hoping to add them to their store early next year, can't wait for that!

It's 1030am right now and I'm drooling for some Pork on a Fork as I write this.
Walk into the restaurant and you are assaulted with the smell of bbq, and like Pavlov's dogs...
IMMEDIATELY start drooling.
I just couldn't help but be shocked at how good this place smelled.
I am one of those customers that is led by her nose and these guys had me at hello.
A coworker and I went for lunch during the week... walked in around 1130ish and it was pretty empty for the moment, but there are only five tables in there.
Those tables filled up while we were there.
I ordered the pulled pork sandwich... and fell in love.
I swear, I went to this place on Friday, and it's now Sunday... and I'm considering going back already.
The meat just fell apart.
The pork was so moist and juicy... toss some of the sweet bbq on top and BLAM!
You have yourself an excellent lunch.
(possibly dinner too, depending on how big your stomach is)  It came with two sides...
I got the bbq beans and the sweet potato fries.
The beans are just as high quality as the pork!
They have bits of meat in them...
Hold on...
I need a napkin to wipe my mouth as I write this....   *wipe* Ok.  We're good.
Anyway.
The sweet potato fries are thick and moist as well... very sweet, which is excellent.
My coworker had the beef brisket, which was drier, but that's to be expected with brisket.
It was definitely tasty tho.
So I guess these guys are at some farmers markets and stuff...
I would check out their website and see if they are anywhere near you, since they are in the north valley.
But you GOTTA try this stuff.
It's off the hook!
(pun intended...
Guy Fieri has visited here)

First off, this place is not easy to find...
But that made my trip to find some "porky on a poke" even more interesting and some what of an adventure.
I've been looking forward to eating at their Pork on a Fork dinner after sampling some of their delicious pulled pork at the Town and Country Market.
Thanks goodness for that little foldable road side sign stating "Pork on a Fork" ~~ this way...
I found them!
You open the door and you're blasted with the awesome aroma of slow cooked pork, smoking in a wood burning oven/smoker.
"What a smell!
"  The place is no frills, simple yet very accommodating for people wanting to dine their.
They are a take out or dine in.
They have a small selection of menu items for both breakfast and lunch, mostly pork products.
This is what makes this place unique and awesome!
They are able to focus their efforts on perfecting "porky on a poke" via pulled pork, bacon, ham, brats, polish dogs and beef brisket.
They do offer a variety of side items as well but "no salad for you" here.
Important factoid: They are not open for dinner ~ 7am-3pm only.
The service was excellent and ready to answer any questions you may have concerning their menu.
I had their pulled pork sandwich which brought the biggest smile to my face after eating it.
In fact I think I'm still smiling and it's been a couple of days ago since I was there, lol!
There portion of smoked pork-to-bun was definitely in favor of the smoked pork hands down.
It was a big sandwich and full of tasty, smoky, moist porky goodness which I topped with their Hot BBQ sauce.
The side if waffle fries and beans were average at best.
We also had their Spicy Polish which was good but no comparison to their pork.
We also had their potato salad and coleslaw which were again just ok.
This is a fantastic place for smoked pork sandwiches, ham and beef brisket!
I am looking forward to trying their bacon, BLT or their pork burrito on my next visit.
If you're near 19th Ave and Deer Valley, head east about 4 blocks on Deer Valley until you see a little "Pork on a Fork" road side sign and turn in.
You won't be disappointed.

Great Place to eat.
Actually one of the Best pulled pork sandwiches I have ever eaten.
My buddy had the pork burrito and said it was incredible.
The staff is friendly and the business is extremely clean.
I highly recommend Pork on a Fork.

HOLY SMOKES!
Literally!
My love of smoked meats runs deep...ingrained and woven into my DNA.
Recently several Yelp friends had sung the praises of their offerings.
It's now my turn to stand up and sing.
After seeing their booth at the Wednesday evening Downtown PHX Market I hoped they would return for the Saturday market.
When I arrived on Saturday, they were there with warmers filled with fresh pulled smoked pork, smoked beef brisket and numerous frozen pork treats.
Their pulled pork and brisket was smoked to perfection, tender and amazing.
Their  original brat was fresh and juicy.
I also purchased a breakfast package that included sausage (links and patties) and it was supposed to include bacon but they were out that day and I replaced with sliced deli ham.
Since my first visit I continue to go back to their stand on Saturdays for a brisket sandwich.
I also picked up some pulled pork to take with me to a superbowl party.
It was a welcome addition to the wonderful spread at the gathering.
(2/15) Just last week I picked up some bacon that I have not cooked up yet but look forward to it.
I hope to one day stop into their shop in N. Phoenix.

Keep coming back to this booth at the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market for more porky goodness!
LOVE the $12 bag of pulled pork, had it with their new BBQ sauce, yummy and easily two meals.
Have had both the bone-in and boneless chops, equally good.
Think I'm leaning towards the boneless only due to my preparation...I butterflied and stuffed them with French bread, sweet onions, garlic, gorgonzola and prosciutto..drool!
Check them out, you won't be disappointed!
My hubby and I go after our standing Sunday appt with our trainer.
Love it because they give you samples, and I'm usually starving by then!!

Smokin!
Thats how I'd describe this place.
The food is smokin' good...and it also is smokey inside.
I left smelling like I was preparing the meat myself.
Because of that, and the fact that the sauce selection's "Hot" was more like "mild" can I only give the place four stars.
After reading some reviews and blog posts about the place...and learning it was just down the road..I had to try them out.
I suggested going there with a PR colleague of mine for a lunch meeting.
Luckily, there was a place to sit.
If this place gets super busy, you probably will have to stand or take your food to go.
I think there were only six 4-tops of tables in the place.
Pork on a Fork is in a business complex and not easy to find from Deer Valley Rd.
Drive slowly as you go down the road and hopefully they'll have a little sign out to designate where to turn in or you'll probably miss it.
The food is GOOD!
I ordered the brisket sandwich with sweet potato fries and potato salad.
Our food came out in a few minutes and was really good.
The brisket was in big chunks...it had some burnt areas around the fat, which was fine with me.
It was a nice helping of brisket on the bun, and some fell out as I ate it.
The sauces, which I mentioned above are not that exciting.
The "hot" sauce wasn't spicy...I have sinus issues right now and the sauce didn't clear them at all.
The sweet potato fries were hot and crispy and just a light salt on them.
The potato salad was your typical mayo-based potato salad with big celery pieces in it.
Creamy and yummy.
The staff was friendly and nice.
One of the workers saw us as we were disposing of our trash and asked if we liked our food.
They also offer breakfast...no dinner yet.
I'll be back.
For sure.
Just maybe before I shower for the day.

Only tried their lunch menu so far.
$11.47 for Brisket sandwich, 2 sides and their smallest soda(size=large) + tax.
Great brisket, fair prices, and generous portions.
Very tasty and stands well without the sauce.
I found the Smokey sauce the best flavor of the three offered but it also tastes a bit too salty.
I found I enjoyed lunch without the sauce and that is exactly how it is served - saucless.
My two sides were the Sweet Potatoe Fries and Potato Salad.
Both were 2 thumbs up but you get more fries than potato salad.
If quantity counts, then weigh that in.
Lunch was a bit crowded and seating was tough to come by.
Every server there seemed concerned that we would enjoy our visit.
Bottom line: I'll be back and it is worth seeking out.
Really want to try their Pork next!
PS - Gotta pay attention to find it.
Look for the coffee shop facing Deer Valley Road, with the Green sign that mimics Starbucks.
PoF is located adjacent and behind that.

I bought a Groupon about a week ago & decided to use it last Friday.
I got the same things as before, pulled pork sandwich for me & brats (yes, he wanted 2!
) for my hubby.
They did add a few new sides, so in addition to beans I also got us the waffle fries.
Everything was yummy as usual, I was missing the hunks of meat in my beans but hubby had some in his.
I remembered to get some BBQ sauce this time, the sweet one was my fav!
I also bought a pound of their bacon.
I made it Sunday morning before the Superbowl & man was it good!
I have to add that the place was a lot busier this time.
It's good to see people supporting local businesses!

Yum-E, Great BBQ Joint..
Went today to the restaurant for lunch.
I had purchased a Groupon for a discount and thought it sounded to good to pass up.
The restaurant is kinda hidden in a business building area, but just look for the signs near the road it's not terribly hard to find.
Hours are limited Mon-Fri closing at 3pm so unfortunately you can't stop by for dinner.
I walked into the place and it was filled with the sweet smells of smoking meat.
With my mouth watering  I ordered the smokin' deal.
It had a smoked sausage, a pulled pork sandwich, and a brisket cut on a bun, which came with two sides.
For $10 bucks for lunch not a bad deal for all that.
The food came out pretty fast and while I was waiting bumped into a fellow yelper who was proud of this restaurant find.
Myself I couldn't wait to dig in.
It was very tender and fresh tasting.
I'm very glad this place isn't very far from my home, but I must find out where these farmer markets they go to on the weekend are.
A+ place

Went to PoaF for lunch today.
Ordered the Smokin Meal with bbq beans, sweet potato fries and spicy sausage.
Came with a pickle spear, and I also got a small container of their hot sauce.
Damn good meal for ~$10.
Probably some of the best BBQ I've had, although the meat was kinda fatty.
Loved the pulled pork.
Wondered what the yellowish slug-like bits in the sausage were then realised that they were chunks of CHEESE.
This is going to have to be a rare treat for me, I probably threw down more than twice my entire daily calorie limit in a single meal, but it's nothing a bit of furious pedalling on my exercise bike won't rectify.
I hope.
Five stars for the food.
Yelp also has a checkin deal - three checkins nets you $5 off your meal.
That could be more than half your meal's cost, depending on what you get.
I'm one down so far.

I've been here a few times.
The beef brisket and a drink costs $12.
The taste is average at best.
I would suggest serving this dish without the bun and put the bbq sauce on the meat.
Instead of letting the customer squeeze some sauce out of a bottle.
The bratwurst is ok and the pulled pork is average, nothing that really blows you away.
The seating at lunch is crowded and somehow needs to be re-configured with maybe a couple of dueces instead of all 4 seat tables.
That way the single diners don't take up all the 4 spots.

Still love their product, but their online ordering process just doesn't work.
First time, my order was sent to the wrong market.
Second time, I was shorted a package of chops.
I checked the bag before I left the market, so it was only a minor inconvenience.
Third time I ordered bacon, which was listed as available on the web site, and then contacted and advised it was not and may not be available for a few weeks.
Since I paid upon ordering, I had to go through the hassle of waiting for a refund.
I've also noticed inconsistency in portion size which is a problem considering you pay by product, rather than pound.
Boneless chops should be roughly 6-oz each, yet I've received 4-oz chops at times, resulting in 50% less product for the same price.
Not a deal breaker for me, but something to consider.
I continue to purchase from these guys regularly, but no longer try to order ahead.
And I do wish they would have bacon available more often!

Back to PoaF today.
I went yesterday, racked up my second Yelp checkin, and then brought the wife in today for my third (== $5 discount off meal).
I'm rapidly becoming addicted to the food here, although it's pretty far from healthy and extremely distant from what I *SHOULD* be eating at lunch.
The wife claimed that this was some of the best BBQ she's ever had.
Very friendly guys too.
I have to echo the observations of others though - it's a small place and the fact that they have nothing but four-seater tables means that even when two people sit they blow two extra spaces in an already cramped area.
They either need a bench with bar stools, some two-top tables or a giant texas-style community eating bench.
Yeah, I deliberately spelled texas with a lower-case t. Today, the place was full but the counter dude said it was okay to sit at the coffee place just outside on the corner of the same building, which we did after I confirmed with the coffee gal that that was ok.
Anyway, back to the food: I agree with the wife, it's some of the best BBQ I've ever had.
The different sauces are great too - my favourite is the pulled pork with one of their hot sauces.
It's Nebraska hot, I guess - means that us Southwesterners could probably pour it into our eyes without blinking - but still tasty.
Five stars for flavor and value, two for seating arrangements.
As the place grows in popularity - and it will - they're -really- going to need to address this issue.
As for me, I'm going to enjoy this place as frequently as I can before our office moves to Central and Thomas later this year, whereupon PoaF will unfortunately become a distant, delicious memory.
Edit: Okay, twice now I've gotten the smoked meal and asked for no buns, and they've given me buns.
Minor mistake, but I'll deduct a star if it happens again.
No buns equals ~no buns~.

I work across the lot from this place and have been dying to try it out.
Unfortunately I work graveyard shifts and they close before my shift begins.
I learned last week that they were going to start staying open till 7 on Fridays.
Finally I would get my chance!
let me tell you I was not disappointed!
I ordered the pulled pork sammich, cornbread and potato salad.
The pulled pork was tender, juicy, smokey and porky!
I got half way through the sandwich when I realized I forgot BBQ sauce it was that good.
The staff were incredibly friendly and the food came out very fast.

This will be my first review for this place.
I didn't get to go to the actual restaurant.
I found it insanely weird that a restaurant wasn't open on the weekends.
I am assuming that the area over in Deer Valley just doesn't get busy on the weekends?
So we arrived at their restaurant and they had a sign on the door saying they are closed and will be at a farmers market.
So I found out which market and had to drive 20 minutes south.
The booth didn't have a sign on it big enough to see it and we walked by it and had to walk around again.
I am pretty sure we looked like lost tourists!
Sad.
We ordered the one thing they had, a pork sandwich.. it was SOOOOOO good!
The pork melted in my mouth and the bbq sauce was perfectly spicy and complimented the sandwich so wonderfully!
My taste buds were thanking me.
It was amazing and it wasn't even hot (heat) and I ate it at a farmers market.
That says something!
So we will be making another trip to their actual restaurant soon so we can get a real experience.
I can't wait!

What shall  I tell you first?
Another great strip mall non descript place hidden in an industrial area.
I do have to say they did a great job making the restauarant look clean , inviting and very functional for a very small space.
I definitely will be back ...love the smoky flavor of the meat, sweet and throughly washing the meat with flavor  and the sweet pink ring  that makes the meat  and you know its the real  smoky deal.
they have lots of choices of sauces but it was juicy and flavorful enough that I could have eaten it without sauce.
The flavors were great  all around even my daughter's waffle fries was really tasty.
We loved the smoky sweet white BBQ beans.
Our friends Paul and Paula ( see Paul I mentioned you ...now write your own darn review)  had brisket and a tasty smoked sausage which looked great and the bites I had were delicious.
Prices are very reasonable and the service was perfect.
Look for them at local farmers markets , Friday night dinners (prime and ribs mmm)  and hopefully a bigger site s I can bring my friends.

I managed to scoop up two humongazoid pork chops from their booth at the Downtown Phoenix Market.
I also got to sample the smoked pull pork.
The pork was awesome, perfectly smoked and moist.
I took the chops home to grill up and man was I a happy camper.
The chops were bone-in, and just perfect.
You could taste the quality in the pork, I'll be buying these chops again.
Way to go Pork on a fork, you got skills

Still really like this place but was a bit bummed with part of my lunch order today.
I decided to give their sweet potato fries a try & took my order to go.
When I got home & opened up the box I found only about 6 sweet potato fries with my meal (see photo).
Maybe they were running low & this is not the usual amount they serve, but I feel like I was jiped!

The best BBQ I've tasted in Phoenix!
I had the pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw and baked beans and for lunch.
The pork was tender, moist, and had a perfectly underwhelming smoky flavor.
The beans were equally as amazing as the pork with chunks of BBQ meat mixed it, awesome.
Coleslaw is coleslaw, but most importantly it was fresh and crispy.
I'll agree that sauces are not spicy, but there is a good range with different flavors for different tastes.
I don't understand the review that gave 1 star and described the pork as "dry" and the consistency of "baby food" at the same time, seems contradictory to me.
I think the owners take their food very seriously so I would be surprised to find anything sub-par on their menu.
Bottom line, it's going to be hard to take any of the other BBQ joints in the area seriously.
Pork on a Fork is on another level completely, it's amazing.

BBQ Done right, Awesome SMOKEY Flavor!
Got the brisket sandwich, coleslaw & sweet potato fries.
Sandwich was rockin!
Enjoyed every bit of it!
You can tell they know what they are doing .
Rich and Flavorful rub with some VERY NICE sauces to complement.
We LOVED the spicy!
Look forward to going back soon!
Only complaint: the brisket was not trimmed, so there were a few mouths full of fat that were not pleasant .
but I guess its to be expected sometimes.

Pork on a Fork has new hours, open till 6 pm m-thurs, and 7 pm on Friday.
I continue to believe they have the best bbq in the city and last night proved my point.
They have a new menu featuring Smoked Prime Rib, Baby Back Ribs, and Smoked Salmon.
My Step mom had the pulled pork sandwich which was of course excellent.
My Father had the prime rib that equaled any prime rib you will get anywhere in this city.
But the Ribs were some of the best ribs I have ever had.
They were fresh, they were very meaty, they were smoked perfect, and I could not, as hard as I tried to keep the meat on the bone, (I like that instinct to bite my meat off the bone) it just fell off.
It was so tender and juicy, I was in heaven.
Hands down an incredible BBQ joint!

I can't believe I'm giving 5 stars to a BBQ place, but this place is damn good.
I normally don't get excited about BBQ.
I had the pulled pork sandwich, macaroni salad and baked beans.
Everything was excellent, the meat, the sauce, the bun, the mac salad, and definitely the beans.
Seriously, this place was tasty.
It was even reasonably priced.
One guy at my table got this crazy sausage-on-a-bun with pork and sweet potato fires on it.
Seriously, don't eat this on a first date, but it looked like an adventure.
His waffle fries looked great, too.
To finish things off, I left my cellphone on the table and the girl behind the counter chased me down in the parking lot and gave it to me.
I'm excited to try something else, but I wouldn't be surprised if my usual order is exactly what I had today.

Stopped in there this morning with the idea of getting some more sausage gravy on biscuits which I thought were really good the first time I had them.
It appears the week after my last breakfast there they stopped serving breakfast and now open at 10 instead of 8.
I had even brought my cooler with me in case they had bacon in stock.
I am surprised he didn't mention the upcoming change when I asked about being able to pick up some items while I got breakfast.
On my last visit I had their breakfast bowl thing and that was good too.
Now that they are not open early I guess I won't be back because it is out of my way except for early on Thursdays and I don't get around to the farmers markets.

We tried the pulled pork and beef brisket sandwiches.
The beef was as a tender as butter - no need to even use a knife.
The pulled pork was a great variety of smokines and slighly crispy ends--yum!
They have four selections of sauces and we mixed and matched to our content.
Very nice owners and definitely the best BBQ we've had in quite a while.
We wish they were open on weekends!

It's all about the beans for me!
Pork on a Fork has the best baked beans EVER, with great flavor and chock full of smoky meaty bits!
I've been there just once, and had ribs and sweet potato fries in addition to the beans.
Ribs were okay, but a bit over cooked (dried out on the ends).
They had several sauce options, all okay, but none made me say "wow".
Sweet potato fries were a little underdone and soggy for my taste.
Their new schedule is frustrating - when I go for BBQ, I'm generally looking for ribs, but they offer ribs only for 2 hours on Friday evenings.
(What's up with that?!!
)  Pork on a Fork is on the opposite side of town from me, but I will drive there again just for the beans.

When my husband and I first came across Pork on a Fork's listing we giggled at the name and vowed to try it if only for the name.
We found the perfect opportunity to try POAF when LivingSocial featured them as the local daily deal.
After leaving Texas 2+ years ago I thought I would never find good bbq again.
Thank you, Pork on a Fork for restoring my faith that you don't have to go to a BBQ-infused state to get great BBQ!
We will return time and time again for their amazing sandwiches and the "f this diet" waffle fries.
It is a bit out of the way for me to drive but I would be a liar if I said it wasn't worth it.
I would go so far as to say this has got to be the best BBQ joint in Phoenix.

I'm in trouble, real trouble with this joint.
It is the most delicious BBQ I've ever had.
No more "chains" for me, now it's all about Pork on a Fork.
They are two doors down from where I work so it's super convenient to get my pulled pork fix.
I could really just make a meal out of their sides as well.
The coleslaw was fresh and crisp.
Baked beans tasted smoky and sweet.
Oh and don't let me forget about the crispy on the outside, tender on the inside sweet potatoe fries.
I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and a beef brisket sandwich.
Both were enough to feed me for 4 days!
There was a lot of meet on those sandwiches.
All in all, my belly is happy, even if my waistline is not.

Had my first Pork on a Fork experience last night and it was amazing!
I had the pulled pork with the sweet potato fries and it was delicious.
The pork was moist and flavorful and the fries were awesome.
This place has found something the Valley is missing... Great BBQ!
I haven't had BBQ this great since I left the Midwest 10 years ago.
Looking forward to going back and trying some of the other items on their menu.

Great pulled pork sandwich and awesome sweet potato fries.

Went to Pork on a Fork based on the great reviews seen here on Yelp!
The reviews were dead on.
This place had the most tender pork and brisket I have had in a while.
I also tried the ribs and they were amazing.
We actually got there 10 minutes to close and were going to just get it to go, but they talked us into eating there.
The location isn't the greatest so they will definitely need some word of mouth.
Also it should be known that their hours are limited (10-7 Mon-Fri only).
We were told that there usually is a line at lunch time.
We will definitely be going back and this time be cognizant of the hours.

Unfortunately, it's time once again to drop my rating of what used to be one of my favourite restaurants.
If this happened at any other place I'd give it a 1 star and permanently avoid on principle, but because PoaF have pretty much the best barbecue I've ever tasted it'll get a flat 3, accompanied by a giant frown of annoyance.
So what happened?
Did the prices increase like they did at Loving Hut?
No.
Food quality dropped?
No.
Still cramped as a sardine tin inside with less than a snowball's chance in hell of getting a seat at lunchtime?
Well, yes, but that isn't the reason.
This time it's due to false advertising.
Several weeks ago they came up with the idea of a loyalty card.
Buy 5 meals, the sixth is free.
Here's my photo of it (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/825nC-s-cQG6Hsul5Gm2cA?select=sSvKMJtwYvgp3PuNafyBsA).
Seems pretty obvious how it works, right?
Well, last time I was there I reached the free meal marker.
I usually get their "Smokin' Meal" menu item - two types of meat, plus two sides and half a sausage.
However when I tried to claim the free meal the counter girl informed me that they don't give that particular meal out as free because, quote unquote, "there's so much meat in it".
Which equates to about two fistfuls of meat, half a sausage like I said, plus maybe eight ounces in canned baked beans and sweet potato fries.
She then tells me that I can get any of the other items on the menu for free, or else she could give me a free drink OR, "say.. three dollars discount".
The card didn't say "excludes Smokin' Meal".
They brought me there six times and told me the card was frickin next to worthless.
Get another menu item for $7 for free, or get $3 off my smokin' meal which is only a couple of bucks more than the items they classify as free?
Wow.
I'd have been happy to show up here forever and pay their asking price for a meal.
But the fact that they pushed off a loyalty card on me then told me to GFY when I tried to claim on it is rank as hell.
Fail, lose two stars, Seacrest out.
Oh, Seacrest back in for another ten seconds.
Went there today, bought the usual, girl didn't offer me another card or mention the concept at all, left.
Still delicious; still pissed at them.
Seacrest out again.

I want to tell everyone about this place, but then I don't want there to be a line out the door when I go there myself.
Such a dilemma!
I first read about PoAF in the AZ Repub and being a lover of anything BBQ'd and delicious pork, this was on my list of places to try.
My husband and I were out in the Deer Valley Airport area one day and I saw their sandwich board sign on the road and made him turn around and stop.
Didn't matter that it was barely 10am.
I had to try it.
Just getting out of the car, the smell of the BBQ made my mouth water.
Can I get that in an air freshener?
I had the basic pulled pork sandwich - no sauce.
It was amazing.
It was better than amazing.
I did not share it.
Hey, he could have ordered his own!
The sweet potato fries were a great side, adding just enough sweet in between bites of the sandwich.
I was in heaven.
I did share the fries.
Kind of.
The only downside to this place, for me, is that it's a bit of a drive from where I live.
But, since I'm able to buy the pork by the pound, when I'm there I make sure I stock up.
I have tried the sauces.
All of them are really good.
But when the pork is this good, it's really not necessary.

First Saturday customer!
All of the meat was outstanding!
The ribs amongst the best I've ever had.
I was in Amarillo recently,  and I'd stack this meat up against theirs any time!
As for sides, the beans were the best followed by the waffle fries.
Potato salad was standard fare, slaw was crispy and fresh.
The wife and kid were equally impressed.
Overall great experience.
The owners were friendly and helpful...excellent job guys!!
Update:10/17/2011  I'm currently in Bangalore India and I swear to God, I would crawl over a mile of ground glass for a pork sandwich, slaw and beans right now!
I would clean Rosie O'Donald's toilets for a full rack of the best smoked, and best tasting ribs in Phoenix, and just about anywhere else.
I've got another week of wondering around in the BBQ (pork and beef) wilderness that is Bangalore before I stagger through their door and beg to be allowed to sleep in their smoker for an hour or two, then graze my way through the meat counter!
I can almost taste it now.....yumyummm  (If you find yourself in Bangalore, Hit the Hard Rock Cafe for a 10oz burger to keep from going insane.
It's dry, but it's beef, and that's hard to find here.
Even McDonald's doesn't have a beef burger.

The pulled pork was absolutely fantastic.
The only downside is seating is very limited so be prepared that you may need take-out but the food is fantastic

Great BBQ.
Definitely worth stopping by.
Better than all other bbqs in the area.
I've been to them all, trust me.

I have eaten a lot of BBQ in my life all over the world.
The quality and quantity that you get at PoaF is hands down the best I have ever had the pleasure of tasting.
I don't often say that BBQ that is available at a restaurant is better than my own backyard, but that is indeed the case here.
The pulled pork literally melts in your mouth, and the selection of BBQ sauces available make it the perfect sandwich, lol.
Sweet potato fries are the best I have ever had, and the baked beans are amazing.
I have got brisket tips in there that are a mouthful by themselves!
Waffle fries are, as you might expect, phenomenal.
The only problem I have is that they only offer two sides with the meal, and I want to have all of them.
Of course, with the size of portions you get that may prove physically impossible.
I usually eat there at 1030 AM and don't eat anything else the rest of the day!

Love it, love it, love it!
I'm here every Friday, that's why I'm currently the DUKE!
The staff is awesome at P on a F, they are all really friendly.
The only complaint I have is my shirt stinks like delicious smoked BBQ the rest of the day.
I order the brisket sandwich with sweet potato fries.
I'll be in every Friday defending my Dukedom and stuffing my face!

Went here on lunch with a co worker.
VERY good food!
We had the pulled pork, cole slaw, potato salad and cornbread.
Excellent food, excellent service.
My recommendation: have the mac and cheese every day!

Without Yelp and GPS, you'd probably never find this place.
It's hidden behind a coffee bar in an industrial office park.
They clearly have a strict sign ordinance in Phoenix, because there is no visible signage to this place.
The best & biggest pulled pork sandwich I've ever had is from 2-Paul's in Lafayette, Louisiana.
Pork on a Fork is a close second.
If 2-Paul's is a 10 for flavor, PoF is an 8.5.
For size, 2-Paul's being a 10, PoF is an 11.
2-Paul's PP sandwich is huge...but at PoF, I watched the guy plop a load onto the sandwich that would have been the limit at most places, and then he proceeded to drop an even bigger load on top of that.
This thing was monstrous.
I also ordered 2 ribs (for 3 bucks extra).
They were about 1/3 the size of 2-Paul's ribs, but tasty none the less.
I tried 3 different sauces: sweet & mild, hot, and crazy j's (the guy loading the sandwich said it was his favorite).
Well, I'm glad I took the recommendation, because it was the best of the 3 sauces.
Now that I've eaten all that stuff, I'm going to have to go to sleep.
I'll have to sleep on my back, though.
I'll pop if I roll over.

I love these guys!
Eat there!
And often!

I purchased a deal from Living Social and I'm sure glad I did.
I would have never known about the place and I live in the area.
I am not a BBQ "expert judge" i guess but like most people I have had it alot.
In my oppinion its the best I have had... Cant wait to go back...

Hands down..the BEST BBQ baby back ribs around.
I have had BBQ at Bobby Q's, Bryans Backyard BBQ, Dillons,Big Apple,Toms,Lovejoys,Famous Dave's, Sir Charles, Honeybears and many other places.
This place beats them all for bbq ribs.
The ribs are tender, not fatty, and full of flavor with the perfect char.
I am the type that always leaves something on the bone because the meat is usually fatty or cartlidge.
Not these, I cleaned them bare.The BBQ sauces are delicious, but I found you don't need to slather the ribs with them.
The meat can stand on its own!
I have also had the brisket and pulled pork and those were also delicious.
But the ribs- WOW!
The sides did not blow me away,They were not bad just did not taste as homemade as I like.
I have tried the beans, coleslaw,potato salad,cornbread(thank you for serving REAL butter, not the hydrogenated oil goop) and sweet potato fries.
I wish I could have tried the mac n cheese but they were out.
Greens would also be a welcome addition so we don't carb overload.A little work on the sides is all they need.
And a larger dining area!The service is so friendly and these are down home good Nebraska boys who have their own hog farm in Nebraska.
The gal that works there is also very nice.
Checking on you to make sure everything is ok.
They all know how to get their "Pig" on!
Please expand to a larger dining area and extended hours!
I love the fact that such a great place is only a 10 min drive from me!
Prices are decent as well.
I can't believe I did not write a review for them before this!

Having sampled ribs from Chicago, St. Lou, KC & Mephis to the Southern & Texas style to say I've been disappointed by what I've found so far in Phx would be an understatement.
Until tonight.
The full rack was smoked to perfection and just enough sauce with just the right combination of sweet & heat.
The pork & beans actually had more meat than you'd find an a typical fast food hamburger and the sauce was mild enough that it didn't over power the taste of the beans.
The coleslaw was fresh with enough dressing to make it moist & tasty without drowning it.
Tucked back in an office/industrial complex the only thing this place needs to be a success is a more visible location.

Excellent pulled pork!
And the sauce was wonderful.
Really yummy waffle fries.
Other than needing more seating ( which I understand they are fixing by expansion) this was a go back to place.
Unfortunately we were just visiting from South Florida, too far for takeout!

Excellent baby back ribs.
the meat is tender and the seasoning is right on.
this one is not the dry rub version.
but slow cook with sauce that caramelize all over the ribs.
don't use the sauce, because it can ruin the rib taste.
just savor the meat.
this place is a keeper in phoenix.

Food is alright.
The smoke flavor is Intense.
Almost overwhelming by the end of the Meal.
Space is limited But i know they are expanding.
Sides are great, Prices are a little high.
Overall i'll come back but need to br craving it.
That smoke flavor can get a little bland by the end of the meal.
However to each there own

============================== ==  I'm writing to let you know that we've removed your review update of Pork on a Fork.
Your review was flagged by the Yelp community, and our Support team has determined that it falls outside our Content Guidelines (http://www.yelp.com/gu...) because it does not contain a new firsthand experience with the business.
We hope you will continue to participate on Yelp while keeping our Content Guidelines in mind.
============================== ==============    I've been to POAF several (4-5) times since this review of 12-29-10, and there are credit reciepts and the restaurant's own record of spent living social deals to prove it.
the quality of food and portions has gone down terribley.
the price of the food has gone up drastically.
based on these several recent experiences i had decided that my opinion of them and the score i award them should change.
====================== review of  12/29/2010  below  --------------------------------------   My previous review held one back for a few reasons, but because the responsiveness of the owners of POAF is pretty impressive, they deserve the 5th star overall.
They've now added several menu items, including brats in many flavors, seasoned waffle fries and sweet potato fries.
While finishing up our HUGE sandwich of smoky, porky goodness, the owner invited Daren and I over to taste a sample of a new HOT sauce he was developing (in response to customer comments, of course).
It was tangy and had a nice smokiness and a bit more heat than the other sauces.
Looking forward to a final version on the tables, but I have to recommend these midwesterners get out and sample more of what this part of the country considers a baseline as far as Scoville units!
8^ )  ... going back to work in a Hickory/Mesquite cloud gave them some great free advertising.
Show owner comment »    Edit Remove People thought this was: Useful (15) Funny (12) Cool (12)    Comment from Wes H. of Pork on a Fork 10/21/2011    « Hide  In Response........I just read your updated review and just wanted to let you know that it is unfortunate that you took away a star based on someone else's review.
At Pork on a Fork we take pride in what we do and let our food speak for itself and welcome competition.
We have a huge base of customers and some of them are die hard fans of good BBQ.
I can assure you that no one from POAF has written any bogus reviews.
I have reached out to the review in question and the reviewer responded back by saying he called Ric's Smokehouse to let him know that it was him that left the review and not us.
As I said before, we accept that this is competition and we at POAF will let the food do our talking because we can't control what other reviewers post...good or bad.
We made the effort to call you before replying to your recent review, but had to leave a message.
We appreciate your passion and we hope you reconsider these responses on something POAF has no control over.
Message Wes H. Flag this comment  1 Previous Review: Hide »     11/24/2010  Reviewing their food for the first time at their new restaurant location in far north phoenix (Deer Valley Airport only USED TO be the boonies), but i've been hearing about their meat for some time now.
A delicious smoky aroma gently smacks you around and lulls you into submission once you enter.
A simple menu offers the lunch selection (soon to offer breakfast too).
I knew i wanted pulled pork as an entree, and honestly didn't notice what else they had.
The usual side offerings of beans, potato salad, and coleslaw never appeal to me, personally.
I don't fault them for that, but a pickle spear being my only other available side left me feeling less than satiated.
Maybe some french fries, or at least chips?
The pulled pork sandwich had a nice smoky flavor, and the meat was juicy without being fatty.
The bun was simply generic.
Maybe these guys could get into cahoots with a local baker to put their special meat on something a little more worthy?
The sauces offered were "Sweet Mild" (which was both) and "Hog Wild Hot" (which was neither, but still tasty).
Both had a distinct molasses sweetness in a thick tomatoey base, the Hot with a little more spice flavor to it, but not much heat at all.
The atmosphere is simple and clean.
Ribs, breakfast, and "Swine & Dine" nights are on the way, according to the owners.
Look forward to many more days of coming back to work smelling like a meat smoker !

I tried Pork on a Fork at the ASU Tempe farmers market.
Beef brisket and pulled pork sandwiches were sold there in a small tent.
My sandwich (brisket) was very tasty, albeit a little plain (just meat and bread).
There were three great BBQ sauces available - sweet/mild, tart, and spicy.
I used a lot of all three, but spicy was the best.
I felt like I could drink those sauces!
At $6-8, the sandwiches are a little pricey, but they are filling and taste excellent.
It would be nice if they came with some corn, beans, or the like to round out the meal.

Pulled pork was moist, sauce choices were nice, staff very friendly, but too bad they're Cornhusker fans.
:-)   This place is getting busy and time to find a larger location but the small, quaint ambience gives it that small town local barbecue place feel.
Better than Dillon's.
Cole slaw was crunchy and not runny.
Potato salad is perfect.
I don't like macaroni salad and theirs was good.
Ribs were fall off the bone.
Just a really good place.

I was down for a three day visit  in Phoenix recently and ate the sweet potato fries 2 times a day.
I could not get enough of them.
They are great.
All the other food is great also but the sweet potato fries are to die for.

I was a little confused about the Friday menu, but got passed that.
My wife ordered the burrito with a mix of pulled pork and beef brisket.
They were out of black beans so they subbed with bake beans.
She thought it was ok, not entirely memorable.
She also got mixed up with the sides and their availability (Friday menu thing again).
I ordered the sampler with the two rib add-on, to hit all the high points.
My meats were a little fatty, but the ribs were good.
Overall, while I'd eat here again, I don't think I'd go out of my way to do so.

How delicious can BBQ pork be?
This great!
Had the pulled pork sandwich and the meat was incredible, the best I have had in Phoenix.
Waffle fries are really tasty.
The food was ready right now.
The owner and night chef went out of their way to explain the menu, the options and and suggestions.
I cannot wait to try the ribs.
By the way, found POAF via Urban Spoon on the iPhone.
Pork on a Fork makes Thee Pits Again on Bell Rd and Dillons look like imposters.
You want juicy meat?
Pork on a Fork is the answer.

It's been almost a year since my last review and thought it was time to share an update with my fellow Yelpers :^)  ======Smoky Goodness Alert========  Be prepared to smell smoky goodness upon entry of Pork on a Fork!!
It is highly addictive in intoxicating, so dinners beware!
Pork on a Fork has the BEST PULLED PORK sandwich in Phoenix and maybe even the best in the entire Universe!!
Sure their might be a few other places that have better BBQ Ribs, Brisket and/or Smoked Sausages, but Pork on a Fork is as good or better than most at these and the are the BEST at Pulled Pork!
You can not beat their Pulled Pork Sandwich, which is HUMONGOUS~ almost enough for two people!
It's so moist, tender and with a nice aroma of smokiness you'll want it for for yourself!
It comes with two sides.
I recommend their tasty seasoned waffle fries and their BBQ Beans!
These BBQ Beans are cooked in Heaven ~ sent by angels down to earth and given to Pork on a Fork to sell to their customers!
:^)  Well, maybe that's a stretch but their BBQ Beans are soooo tasty full of bacon and brisket burnt ends with a great balance of seasoning.
If you have tried Pork on the Fork yet, you don't know what you're missing.
Once you've tried them for lunch, you'll find yourself wanting more and caan't wait for your next visit!
I hope to see you there.

Blasted into town for a business day trip at the Deer Valley Airport, checked Yelp for nearby lunch options, this place looked good, had lots of positive reviews, and was close, and man were we happy we did!
Checked in, so we got the free pork slider, had the pulled pork sandwich combo and the beef brisket combo, both with sweet potato fries and beans.
The food was fantastic and quite filling, and the 3 different BBQ sauces available were delicious with just the right amount of kick.
This is a great place to eat if your in the area

I wasn't a big fan of Barbecue...  until today!
The food here is delicious, the staff is friendly, the prices reasonable, & they even have BOOTHS  :-))  back in their almost secret rear dining room!
You'll want to remember this back room when you come here, as the front table area fills up.
On this first visit ever, joined by friends Mike C., Arlin B.
& Robyn N., I totally enjoyed the Pulled Pork Sandwich with Waffle Fries & their very tasty BBQ Baked Beans!
Now it's off to try some of the other BBQ places around the Valley & see how they compare!
:-))  Pulled Pork Sandwich with 2 sides $7.99.

had lunch here with a couple of fellow yelpers  and we all had a great lunch.I had the Pulled pork sandwich (good), waffle fries (real good) and the baked beans (great) .
Everything was pretty good the only thing I can really complain about is my pulled pork sandwich would have been better if the bun was thrown on the grill for a minute to warm it up and toast the buttered side.
That would have gotten them the fifth star.
I am sure they will get it the next time I go there because a girl at the next table got B.B.Q.
chicken and it looked awesome, I thought I should have ordered that, next time I will try the chicken and I am sure they will get 5 stars.

Best BBQ in Phoenix thats for for sure!
The smokiness and melt in mouth BBQ keeps you longing for more.
I can't wait to cater our Super Bowl Party and share the love with friends.

Fantastic BBQ, probably the best in the area!
Great service too!

This is Seriously some of the best BBQ I've ever had!
I used to eat this at least twice a month because I worked around the corner and now I miss it so much!
Any BBQ place I eat at I start by having the pulled pork and branch out from there, because if they can't do the basics I don't want to try anything else.
The pulled pork here is outstanding and the portions are huge for what you pay.
Some good sauces, not the best ever, but definitely presentable.
The brisket was moist and flavorful, you can tell it's truly smoked.
The sides are so-so, no Mac n cheese, which is weird.
Where this place truly shines are their smoked meats, which is what barbecue is all about!

I had forgot how long it has been since I have updated a review.
Pulled pork piled high on a fresh bun with some good bbq sauce...sounds like a good lunch to me.
I have been cutting the amounts of food I eat and opted for the PPS with no sides.
There was plenty of meat and bread for a lunch.
They have opened the suite behind them to allow for additional seating.
To be honest It looks like a kick ass place to have a get together or small party!
The staff was great as usual.
I appreciate that most of all.

We just got back from trying Pork on a Fork's baby back ribs and here's my thoughts:  The good: 1) The ribs were EXCELLENT!
Exactly the way I like them!
The pulled pork was also good and served WITHOUT any sauce, so you can pick which sauce you prefer.
2) Four different home made BBQ sauces - Sweet and Mild, Smoky and Tangy, Hot and zippy mustard glaze and they have just made them available to purchase by the bottle, as well.
3) Very friendly and helpful staff.
4) Reasonable prices, quick service, clean restrooms,  5) You can order the food already smoked and cooked, but served cold in a foil baking tray to heat up at your own home at a later time or day.
They recommend consuming it within 7 to 10 days which is more than reasonable and the ribs may be even better as they sit and soak up the sauce and become more tender.
6) Mac and cheese side dish is delicious!
The bad: 1) Hard to find the restaurant - its located in an industrial park.
2) Waffle fries don't taste as good as they look.
I'm guessing these are not home made, but frozen from a mass manufacturer like Oreida or some such... 3) Different prices on some of the same dishes on Friday's only as well as other sides available on Fridays only from 4pm to 7pm.
Its a bit confusing to have a Friday Menu that has many of the same items as the regular menu at a slightly higher price.
I understand items like Smoked Salmon are only available on the Friday menu, but why is the regular menu disregarded on Fridays and the prices different?
4) Closes early (7pm Mon - Fri) and 3pm on Saturday.
Summary - This is our new favorite place for baby backs and pulled pork.
Will try the beef brisket in the near future.
Highly recommended!!
And ,they accept debit and credit cards where many other small BBQ restaurants are cash only, which I find inconvenient.
So that's a plus, as well.

If it wasn't for yelping by neighborhood, we never woulda found this place.
We cheated and checked their website first, which informed us that they feature their family-farm pork from Nebraska, so we went in knowing to order pork, rather than beef.
That obviously meant pulled pork and brats (they apparently feature a different flavored brat each day).
So, after a bit of driving around the industrial park (We turned in a tad too early, so toured the park) we found it and grabbed one of the few spots marked as theirs on the curb.
Athena ordered the pulled pork sammie with mac/cheese and potato salad.
I went beans and potato salad along with my brat - "Sorry, we're out".
PANIC set in, I hadn't actually studied the menu...so what did I do?
Yep.
Same thing everyone does when they panic at a BBQ place...went brisket.
Brisket is nice and tender but it in no way matches the quality, juiciness and flavor of the pulled pork.
We tried two sauces - hands down winner?
Zippy Mustard, which I tend to think of as a Carolina 'Cue kinda thing and seem to lean that way in my sauce tastings these days.
The beans are good, and well-flavored but I still stick by Honey Bear's as having the best beans (Cow-Bro beans) of all the BBQ joints around.
I do say though, if Im gonna go pulled pork (we split our sammies half and half and shared)I'd head here - not only because its closer but I liked it better (Although I'm partial to the ribs at HB).
The potato salad wasn't to our liking much.
Not that it's bad (it features red skinned potatoes) - but I'm pretty partial to "my" kinda potato salad - made with Best Foods mayo and tons o' mustard with no little pickles/relish in it.
What can I say?
I'm not a Southerner.
POAF has the pickles and I'm pretty sure its Miracle Whip..
The tables were clean, and almost all taken by local workers from the surrounding area.
They have wetnaps easily available, and they have awesome lever-driven plastic utensil dispensers which are a cool, if kitschy, touch.
Staff is friendly.
Place is clean.
GO EARLY if you want a brat.
They open at 10a and are sold out by 1p...So next time - Im headed b4 lunch rush hits.

I went to the farmer's market in Old Town with a friend this morning.
I wanted to bring home something for husband to eat and he really loves pulled pork so I went with POAF.
The gentleman running the stand was really friendly and helpful.
I got a pulled pork sandwich a bag of chips and water for $7.
I got him a side of the spicy BBQ sauce to go with it.
He LOVED it.
At first he was kind of unhappy I woke up him at 10:00 am but after he saw what I brought him he changed his tune!
He said it was one of the best pulled pork sandwiches he'd ever had and the BBQ sauce was delicious.
The pork was juicy and had a nice smoke flavor, it wasn't overpowering it was just right.
We will be going to the restaurant to check out the full menu.

I checked this place out originally based on the reviews that I had seen here on Yelp and I must agree that the food here is pretty good.
I'm very picky when it comes to BBQ and its been difficult at times to find reliable, good-tasting BBQ in Phoenix but Pork on a Fork definitely delivers in that regard.
The pulled pork sandwich I had was terrific, soft, very flavorful, enjoyed it tremendously and the cole slaw and beans were both on-point.
All in all I would definitely recommend this place and will be going back here many more times in the future.

We would gladly drive the almost 50 miles from our house to this BBQ joint.
You've gotta try it!

Why is this place that is so hard to find behind a coffee shop in a industrial area doing so well?
The food!
I only came here because of the great Yelp reviews and Arlin B. seems to like the same things I do.
Just like everyone says "the pork is unbelievably tender".
I dont even like pork but I had to try it since so many people were talking it up here.
Well, I can now tell you that I like pork......as long as its from POAF!
Place has expanded to the garage area in back for more seating but we came early so it was not packed yet.
They open at 10am which is awesome for me since I eat breakfast at 6-7 and am usually hungry again by 10.
Service was great, the lady at the counter was super nice and I cant wait to go back.

Gonna try the pulled pork, It was probably the best thing on the menu!
Although i didn't anything else.
Had lunch here with some co-workers.
One had the full rack baby back ribs.
It looked good, other had the ultimate lunch (it came with a little bit of everything).
They said the pulled pork was the best thing.
I had the pulled pork.
The pork was good.
The BBQ sauce was a little weak, wish they had something more spicey.
But i would go again just to have the pulled pork sandwich.

This is the best BBQ in Phoenix.
The pulled pork melts in your mouth and the sausage is perfectly cooked.
Get the Smokin' Meal - it is a combo of pork, brisket, and sausage, plus you get two sides.
Highly recommended.

Great place to go after the car and quad passed emissions sweet potato fries rock baby ribs yoummy

I've had a hankering for Pulled pork a lot recently and had never tried this restaurant so I decided to stop in for sandwiches to go.
The location is a little hard to find and could use a bit more signage coming from the east on Deer Valley.
As I walked in what struck me were the floors, I know I won't be eating off them but the concrete looked dirty and stained and it set a tone for me.
The sides were average, and they have a nice selection of good barbecue sauces.
The pulled pork sandwiches were good, but fairly pricey.
It's not my go-to spot, but is a great little place with friendly employees and a good location.

Brisket and ribs, brisket and ribs, brisket and ribs.
Did I say brisket and ribs?
As a certified BBQ judge, I am very picky about my BBQ.
That having been said, I have traveled 20 minutes each way many, many times to eat here.
As you might guess my favorites here are the brisket and ribs.
Both have a very nice texture with enough smoke flavor to make any BBQ fan happy.
For the sides I will normally get the mac & cheese and the sweet potato fries.
Both are real palate pleasers.

I want to make sweet love to their beans!!!!
PoaF is a very small place that is easily missed.
But, take the time to find it and you will be VERY happy!
The prices are reasonable and the portions are large.
we have gone to Dillion's for years and like it very much, but PoaF is the real deal.
The brisket has a black char on the outside- just as it should.
The sweet potato fries are thick and full of flavor.
And the beans....
So much flavor and large chunks of pork in them........  Go!
Now!
Run!!
Update......  And now they have thick, rich, creamy mac and cheese!!!!!!
Run faster!!!
Now!

Just stopped in here after seeing it on Yelp, and it right down the street from my work.
It is a small venue (I did not see how big the other seating area was in the back however.
) I don't judge food on the "environment" or the appearance of the place, as that is not important to me.
It is a bit plain inside - but the lack of blaring music / TV was relaxing.
One reviewer commented about floors - but they are decorative concrete and looked fine to me (I work in aggregates and concrete.....)   The wait time was small, and the food came out hot.
The food was excellent.
I don't like sauces so I always eat my BBQ plain (which makes it easy to judge the quality of the meat!
)  I ordered the Pulled Pork with waffle fries and mac 'n cheese.
The pork BBQ was very, very good.
It was high quality and had a ton of flavor (remember I don't put sauce on it.
) It was tender, cooked correctly, and a very large portion.
To be honest, it was probably the best BBQ I have had since moving here from KY ten years ago.
The Waffle Fries were also excellent, they were very well seasoned and crispy.
I will probably get a double order of these next time!
The Mac 'n Cheese was very good, I liked the Waffle Fries better, but the nice thing about the Mac 'n Cheese is that it is "homestyle" and I was quite happy with it.
Most places use the same exact supplier of pre-made Mac 'n Cheese - but not here!
I noted several reviewers commented on the price.
I paid ~11 bucks for my meal, and I was not at all disappointed in that.
The serving size and quality are worth the money.
Sure you can go get some fast food for a few bucks cheaper, but that is your own mistake.
Places like Five Guys are more expensive than here, and Pork on a Fork is much, much better.
I look forward to going back and trying some of their other menu items, as I left full and impressed!

I love this place!
We weren't sure what to expect since the restaurant is in an office building plaza.
Kinda weird, but the employees in the other businesses are lucky!
We went in here on a whim after reading all the awesome Yelp reviews.
Our first impression was a girl at the front and she was super nice and didn't rush us while we were checking out the menu options.
I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with macaroni & cheese and my husband ordered the brisket sandwich with a side of baked beans.
He also ordered a side of ribs to sample.
The wait wasn't too bad -- it took about 10 or 15 minutes and it was ready to go.
They are cool with their sauce and let you fill up the small plastic cups and take as much as you want of it (which is awesome, because the sauce tastes SO good!).
It's a nice, thick sauce and they have several flavors to choose from.
We go to a nearby area to have a little picnic by ourselves and notice that they forgot to include the side of ribs.
We pack everything up and go back to get those.
The employees were really nice about it and apologized and gave my husband the side of ribs.
We repeat the same process and realize that they also messed up my husband's order and gave him a pulled pork sandwich instead of the brisket sandwich.
We decide to let it go and eat our food.
The pulled pork has great flavor.
The meat actually tastes like it has been smoked for several hours and is good enough to eat on its own without any sauce.
However, we weren't going that route, because the sauce is too damn good not to eat.
The baked beans and macaroni & cheese were not anything special, but they were good.
The ribs were our favorite part!
We absolutely loved them.
Very tender and the sauce they chose to slather them in was delicious.
This place is pretty far from where we live, but we would definitely go out of our way (again) to eat here more.

hallelujah- there is some pork up here in the north(kinda)west valley!
My favorite thing about this place is that you can buy the pork by the pound.
I think it's about $14, which sounds a bit spendy, but it is worth it.
The sandwiches are amazing.
If you are in the area and want a hefty lunch- you gotta go to Pork on a Fork!

The owners are from Nebraska and so am I so they automatically get points for being super cool like me.
Everyone knows the coolest people in the world come from Nebraska and that is a scientific fact!
Now the food here isn't good....Its GREAT!
This is by far the best barbecue in town and I've tried it all...Stacy's, Ric's, Honey Bears etc.
They got nothin' on this place.
In fact, I am going to eat there today.
I'm getting the "Smokin' Meal".
Its pulled pork, beef brisket and a piece of sausage.
It comes with two sides and I recommend the potato salad.
This potato salad is ridiculous.
It tastes exactly like my Grandma used to make...authentic German potato salad.
They have a variety of sauces to choose from which range in flavor and heat.
I don't dole out 5 stars very often but this place has always been very consistent.
The quality of the meat and pork is what sets this place apart.
I am sort of pissed though because a few weeks ago they made smoked prime rib and I missed out on it.
How good does that sound?
Mark my words, I will never miss out on that again.
GO BIG RED!

One of the best pulled pork sandwiches I've found in the valley.
A bit pricey, but worth it.
Its hard to find good BBQ in Phoenix.
I'm very picky when it comes to pulled pork and this is my new favorite.I didn't know what to do when they closed Sir Charles.
And have been on the hunt ever since.
I work nearby and blew off going here since it opened.
Man!
What a mistake that was.
Its full of Asshole out of towners so I suggest getting it to go.
But definitely try them out.

I've eaten at PoaF plenty of times, sometimes multiple times in a week, and it is always great each visit.
Hands down one of the best BBQ joints i have ever had, and i lived in Georgia for a little while.
Going to head there this week to pick up a couple bottles of their BBQ sauce for some homemade fathers day ribs!

I'd seen Pork on a Fork pop up on check-in's for some time now and had been meaning to check it out since I work fairly close by.
The first time I went I had trouble finding the place (even with the warning that it is tucked away).
Heck I came back a week later and had trouble finding it again!
3rd time might be the charm...
I ordered the pulled pork sandwich seeing as that was what was raved about in most reviews (and coming from the name of the restaurant).
The pork was juicy, and the tangy bbq sauce complimented it well.
For sides I got the sweet potato fries and cornbread muffin.
The fries were great, but the muffin was small and tasted more like a vanilla cupcake with a hint of corn.
Next time I swapped the muffin out for the mac n cheese (on recommendation) and wasn't disappointed.
The total for a meal came out to around $10, but you definitely get your money's worth.
After eating here for lunch, eating dinner didn't really seem necessary either time.
In addition to the food sticking with you, I noticed the smell of bbq was ingrained in my clothing for the remainder of the day.
That may come from sitting in the primary seating area that is right by the cookers, maybe sitting in the "overflow" area would prevent that.
Either way, I'll be back!

Believe the Hype!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This place Rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Definitley in my Top 3 BBQ I have ever had & I've been to Texas & the rest of the South!
Best Pulled Pork & brisket hands down!!
Also the best Mac & Cheese.
Only complaint I have, is of their 4 sauces, I only loved one(Sweet & Mild), but the meat was so, tender juicy & delicious, it didn't need much sauce, if at all.
Keep up the good work.
I live within 5 miles, so they have a new regular customer for a long time!!!!!!

Awesome!
I'd never seen this place before, but we went with friends.
Some of the best BBQ I've ever had.
We had a restaurant.com gift certificate so ordered a ton of food since we had to hit $35 with just 2 of us.
Pretty much everything we ordered was good except a few things that I didn't like but my hubby did.
The baked beans had awesome flavor but were a bit spicy for me.
The ribs were out of this world- perfectly done and great flavor.
Same for the pulled pork, waffle fries, sweet potato fries, and cornbread muffins.
The BBQ sauces were a perfect compliment to the foods- I loved the tangy flavors and hubby liked the mustard and spicy sauces.
They were all out of beef brisket and mac and cheese, but we'll definitely try those next time.
I also wanted to try the grilled ham and cheese sandwich, but we were already well beyond stuffed full.
Prices here are really reasonable, and the portions are generous without being overwhelming.

Great BBQ!
This place is easy to miss, as it is in an odd location.
But it's worth the search.
Some coworkers told me about this place and I love it now.
Pork, brisket, bbq baked beans, and cornbread muffins.
All just amazing.
You can also get "gift certificates" (they work more like coupons really) on Restaurant.com for POAF that can take a healthy 30% off your total experience after everything is said and done (make sure you find a coupon code before buying the certificate though, there is always a promo code, just use google)  I would have to recommend taking a big party and getting the family feast deal, it's $89.99 but it feeds 8 no problem.
I will definitely be returning, if I had any complaint it would be that they close way too early.
But I'm sure that has to do with their location.
If they opened a new, larger place and began serving beer, they would get that 5th star from be in a heartbeat.
But still, great work!

We used a restaurant.com gift card here and it was fantastic.
We ordered the Family Style Meal for 89.99 and had to push two long picnic tables in the back together for room for the food.
It was really good and their BBQ sauces were fantastic I couldn't tell which one I liked better so I used all four.
Their cornbread and rolls were delicious and moist, their meat was amazing and the ribs fell right off the bone.
The place may look small but they have a big room in the back that has plenty of seating for big parties and all the condiments/sauces you could need within arms reach as well.
Pros: Just about everything!
Cons:They close too early and are in an odd location, it looks like an industrial strip mall on Deer Valley Rd.
All in All I will certainly be back, and my kids are already begging for me to bring them take out from here.

I've been here three times and have had terrific food each time.
The meat is incredible and their sauces are amazing.
Portion sizes are generous and the mac & cheese is delicious!
This is what BBQ is all about, definitely one of the best in Phoenix and we're lucky to have it here in the NW valley!

Well... Where should i start...
This place seemed to good to be true so just to make sure ive gone back several times..
I tried it at different times and when different employees were working..
I have to say that Pork on a fork is consistently the best barbeque place in Arizona that i have found so far.
They slow cook the meat untill it is so succulent that you could eat it without teeth...
The sauce is sweet and tangy and molasses based (i think anyways).
They have four different sauces for people to try.
The atmosphere, the people that work there, and prices make this establishment a dream come true for us fat barbeque lovers..
They seem to always have some specials going on so I recommend looking at the deals and trying this place if you have not already...
They also do catering for any size group..

The best BBQ pork sandwich I have ever had!

Phenomenal BBQ!
We had the brisket sandwich and the Smokin Plate.
Everything exceeded our expectations.
I'm only sorry that we don't live closer!

Just an update, my wife has also started really enjoying this place.
The shocker to this is that she is a vegetarian.
She loves some of the side items (Waffle Fries, Mac & Cheese, Corn Bread, etc.
)  She will meet me here for lunch on occasion.
I convinced her to try a tiny bit of the pulled pork, and surprisingly she said the flavor was very good.

Best BBQ since we left Oklahoma!
Very midwest BBQ- just as advirtised!
Loved that they offered for us to taste any side we wanted.
Smoked flavor was awesome, but not overwhelming!
We got the PoBoy and the Midwest Monster!
All the meats were wonderful!
I love the sauces on the side.
We tried them all and every bite had a different flavor.
Waffel fries were crisp and full of flavor.
The baked beans tasted like my homemade 2 day cooked beans.
Prices not bad for portion size.
Very friendly staff.
We went at 5 PM on a Friday and we had no problems with parking or a table.
This is our new favorite place and plan to go once a week.

Best pulled pork in Phoenix!!
Great food from the top of the menu to the bottom.
You won't regret trying this BBQ

The ribs are good unless you get some that are old.I've got ribs 4 times 3 times real good 1 one time they were old  and taste bad.

Wow!
Some of the best barbecue in the state!!
The pulled pork and the BBQ Baked Beans are a must try!!

I love barbecue.
It is a uniquely American form of preparing food.
When done right, it's phenomenal.
When done wrong, it's a feeling like a date where your girl was responding to you in all the right ways and you thought everything was perfect -- until you get to her apartment.
You end up at home alone!
(LOL!!
thinking of Otter in "Animal House" mouthing, "Not great??
") I've eaten barbecue all over our country.
Arkansas, California, Texas, Kansas, Tennessee, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina even in Massachusetts and New Hampshire.
I was told by some friends that Pork On A Fork ("POAF") up near the City of Phoenix's Deer Valley Airport was one of the best around.
That's a schlep for me as I hang my hat about 20 miles away.
Yesterday, I had to get my car "smogged" near the airport and I remembered this place as I passed it.
Now, I'm kinda pissed cuz my car didn't pass (Hey, I love my 30 y.o.
diesel.
But who knew about emissions tests in 1983?).
I ordered half a rack of ribs (thinking I would get pork spare ribs), bbq beans, sweet potato fries and iced tea.
I was really disappointed when my plate showed up with baby back ribs on it.
Just about every bbq joint I've ever been to dries these babies out til they're almost pork jerky.
Boy, was I mistaken and did my day improve in a hurry!
Pork On A Fork does it right.
This is one of the VERY few places where I've had baby back ribs that were moist, tender and had a perfect rub on them.
The meat came right off the bone.
They really didn't need sauce.
However, I tried two different sauces, the sweet and tangy and Crazy Jessie's -- loved them both.
The sides of sweet potato fries were good, I just wished they gave you more.
The bbq beans were almost perfect.
Tangy with chunks of burnt ends and onion in them, they're the best bbq beans I've had in years.
The iced tea was a Coca-Cola product, Gold Peak.
Doesn't anyone in Phoenix brew their own iced tea??
I'm gonna be addicted to this place.
My only real criticisms?
Ya gotta make yer own iced tea and could ya be a little more generous with sides?

Been twice.
Probably the best BBQ in North Phoenix.
I like the following things in BBQ.
#1) Smokey flavor - I want to know it spent lots of time in smoke.
#2) Moist #3) Great sauce Ordered the side of two ribs and a pulled pork sandwich.
Fail on #1 for both.
Smoke flavor was not what I consider smokey.
They nailed #2 and #3.
Little lacking in the smokey flavor for my taste, but it is what I expect when I go out for BBQ, Beans with the burnt ends are pretty darn good.
Potato salad was good.
Sweet potato fries and waffle fries are good.
Staff is friendly and the place is kept very clean.
I'll go back for sure.

Holy crap this is some good BBQ.
My wife and I love BBQ and are always looking to try new places.
When we saw this place was just down the street from us we decided to give it a try.
My wife and I both got the smokin' meal, which comes with brisket, pulled pork, sausage and two sides.
The meats were each equally fantastic and the BBQ sauce was really, really good.
I also really enjoyed the baked beans and cornbread I got with my meal.
The price was pretty reasonable and we got our food super quick.
The place is located in kind of a weird place but it's worth looking for if you have to.
Seriously, some of the best BBQ in town.

I was not impressed.
I had the pulled pork sandwich with mac & cheese and waffle fries.
The pork was dry, bun was soggy and the noodles in the mac & cheese were hard.
The waffle fries were good.
We will not be back.

The BBQ isn't bad, but I cannot give POAF a positive review.
They charged me $28.00 for a pound of brisket, with no sides.
This is about 40% higher than even the most expesive I have seen.
For example, the better Bryan's BBQ in Cave Creek, about 10 miles away, charges $13.95 for a pound.
The sauce here is good, have several different flavors, all of which I liked.
The sandwiches are good as well, although slightly pricey at $10-$12 dollars with waffle fries.
The ribs, while not bad are not really the best.
I think it's the way they slice and serve them.
When POAF first opened they put forth a better effort, but upon their subsequint success they seem to have become a little complacent, and a tad greedy.
Hopefully over time they will find a better price balance, appreciate thier customers and become the great place to eat that they should be.

Wow, that is some great BBQ.
Probably the best I have had in Arizona.
The pork was great as were the BBQ beans.
I will be there again and again!

I am an admitted BBQ snob.
I have lived in places that make BBQ an out of body experience...so with that being said this place is AWESOME.
I mean AWESOME.
Me and the bf drove about 20 minutes out of the way to check this place out and so glad we did.
I got the meat plate and the bf got the bbq sandwhich.
He is a very non excitable man and he has not been able to stop raving about this damn BBQ all day.
My experience was quite the same.
With the beans and sweet potato fries as sides (and might I add probably the best sweet potato fries I have ever eaten) this place is top notch.
Why not the 5 stars?
The service is non existent and it's a do it for yourself kinda place.
This place is a MUST TRY!!!

I had been searching for a good BBQ place (specifically a place with good pulled pork) and look no further.
This place has lots of options, great sides (I got the waffle fries and pasta salad) and excellent sauce!
The pulled pork sandwich was so tender it was ridiculous.
Very tangy BBQ sauce, delicious.
It looks small in the pictures, but there's more seating in the back, and holy cow it's huge!
I will definitely be coming back.
*edit* I have been back a few times, and the food is consistently good.
If you rated this place bad, you might have just gotten unlucky.
It's definitely good BBQ.
The best around, easily.
If you think shanes is better, you really have no idea what good BBQ is...

Excellent brisket and pulled pork.
Crazy Jay's BBQ sauce very spicy and very good!

I am not sure where to start other than the positive.
We were greeted with a well informed and friendly young lady at the register.
The menu is small which I like, so ordering was a breeze.
The waffle fries are tasty and so is the mac n cheese.
This is where I will part with the positive.
I ordered along with my daughter the pulled pork sandwich.
Half of which (i'm kicking myself for the lack of picture) was fat.
Not fat and lots of meat but straight up disgusting slimy fat that I had to pick out.
Gross!
The bun was mushy and so was half of the salvaged meat.
The texture was terrible.
I added 2 ribs for $2.99 and they were not even worth commenting on.
My husband wanted to eat the rest of them and I was more then happy to share the ribs with out the warning.
The look of disgust on his face might have been worth the trip.
;) Don't get the ribs or the pulled pork!!
The sauce selection was... sweet and gross, smokey and tangy (which I preferred) and spicy.
Overall bad taste to the sauces.
My young daughter couldn't even eat the sweet mild one as the taste was bad.
She is a typical picky eater but this will be the first BBQ she wouldn't eat.
The brisket is ok...and I mean ok.
I am not a fan of sausage but my hubby said it was amazing.
So if you are going to check out this joint my suggestion would be sausage, waffle fries and mac n cheese.
Also...what kind of BBQ place does not have fresh brewed tea??
This is a first for me and a big disappointment.
Make fresh brewed tea!!!
I love BBQ... a lot and I am shocked by these reviews.
I hope I was just there on a bad night or something.
I am all for local business and I hate chain restaurants...so I was pretty disappointed as I found myself wishing I was at Shane's rib shack down the road.

I was expecting a little more based on the good reviews.
I ordered the brisket and wife had the monster.
The barbecue sauce was fine but the meat was a little dry.
Sides were fine.
The service was minimal, no smiles and the cashier wasn't really helpful.

Went to visit Pork on a Fork for dinner on a Friday night with my wife.
I'll start with the bad, because there is only one bad thing about the place - it is difficult to find.
It's in a quasi-industrial strip mall and does not have clear signage.
That said, spending the time to find it was worth the wait.
The Location:  No-thrills, semi-divey joint.
Very clean.
My only beef with the location is that it was hard to find.
The Meal:  I had the Smokin' Meal, which has pulled pork, brisket, sausage, and two sides.
The pulled pork was good; very tender and juicy, not dry at all.
The brisket had a nice char on the outside and was beautiful to look at with some very clear smoke rings.
It wasv also very good.
The sausage almost stole the show.
It was perfectly spicy, had just the right amount of snap, and left me wanting more.
I chose corn bread and baked beans for my sides.
The baked beans were great and had burnt ends mixed in.
They were a little on the sweet side for my taste, but still very, very good.
The corn bread, likewise, was good.
Really, though, the meal wasn't about the sides.
If I could have just had the meat I would have (although I lack the self-control for that sort of nonsense.
)   My wife had the pulled pork sandwich.
It too came with two sides (corn bread and macaroni and cheese).
She enjoyed the sandwich, particularly with their mild sauce on it (I forget what they name it).
The mac and cheese, which I craftily (no pun intended) stole a large amount of, was great.
It's not fancy, baked, bacon and breadcrumbs restaurant style mac, but is what Kraft Mac and Cheese would be if it was any good.
Bottom line, delicious.
The Service:  Great.
Everyone at the restaurant was very friendly.
The Price:  Affordable.
The Smokin' Meal, which could have fed two people, was around $10.00.
The Pulled Pork Sammie was about $8.00.
Very reasonably priced considering the amount and quality of the food.
Overall:  Will DEFINITELY return to Pork on a Fork.
Bring friends.
I would think that it was worth the drive even if I had come from South Phoenix.
I think it is the best barbecue that I've eaten in the valley.

Excited to have a place near the house for BBQ at this level.
We arrived with just a half hour till close and they had only one slab of ribs left and some polish sausage.
We snagged both and the poor person that same in minutes later got a whole lot of nothin!
Something happens to me when I eat bbq... A switch flips and I can't stop once the meaty bones are in my hot little hands.
I definitely devoured my portion.
That said, the ribs were decent but not fabulous.
Maybe it was because we got the runt of the litter?
Also, the sides we were given were pretty tiny portions.
Maybe they didn't have much left.
The sweet potato fries were tasty - all 10 of them.
The potatoes in the potato salad weren't fully cooked through, and the mac and cheese was a bit dried out.
I had higher hopes... maybe I'll have to try again a bit earlier in the day next time.

Great BBQ.
They always use gloves when touching any food.
Get the sweet potato fries and beans as a side.
They go great together.

Very good bbq!
Very very nice customer service!

The Monster is BOMB!
1/2 pulled Pork 1/2 Brisket coleslaw hot BBQ jalapenos and pepper jack!
YUM!

I was raised on southern pit Bar-B-Q.
As a displaced Texan, I'm still searching for a good meal.
Heard Pork on a Fork was pretty good so I hunted them down one evening.
You will need a good GPS to find the location in an industrial strip center near Deer Valley airport.
They serve real smoked Bar-B-Q which is better than many local BBQ joints.
You can see the smoke ring on the brisket without needing a magnifier.
But, it falls far short of the perfect BBQ from south Texas.
Only 12 hours in a slow smoker produces brisket that meets the back home standard.
Pretty good Bar-B-Q.
I'm still looking for awesome.

We have eaten at several BBQ places but this was by far the BEST!
The staff were very friendly and the food was delicious!
We had the pulled pork sandwich.
It was moist and tasty.
They had several different types of BBQ sauces to choose from but the pork was delicious without anything on it.
The Mac N Cheese was extremely creamy and the corn bread muffin was moist and slightly sweet.
It doesn't have a large marquee sign and it would be easy to miss if you didn't know where you were going or what you were looking for.
It looks small from the outside but they have a larger dining in the back.
Both dining rooms have a large flat screen TV so you can enjoy sports with your meal.
On our way out we saw the staff making up a beef brisket plate which looked as good as our pulled pork tasted.
We will try the brisket next time we go and we  will DEFINETELY go back!

Ok...so after a few minutes of trying to find this place, we stepped into heaven.
There is no lighted sign or really any lights outside to tell you where it is, but we found it.
We walked in to a very busy place.
The bff and I stood there trying to figure out what we wanted and couldn't decide.
We thought we had figured it all out when we decided one of us would get the pulled pork sandwich and the other would get the brisket...only to find out they were all out of pork!
Must be good and that just means we will have to make the journey out there again!
We each got the brisket and WOW!
It was tender and very flavorful.
They have several sauces to choose from.
I went with the mustard bbq and the Crazy (something or other...I can't remember the name).
The mustard bbq sauce was perfect for the brisket.
Just the right amount of tang and spice.
For my two sides I chose the mac n cheese and waffle fries...starch much?
The fries were good and the mac n cheese was really tasty...nothing froo froo or fancy about it.
Just straight up mac n cheese!
The menu isn't huge, but the smell is intoxicating enough to lead you to confusion that will mess with you and your decision making abilities!
I didn't mean to be a nosey-rosey but I did look at other patrons' plates and everything in the place looks delicious...the ribs, the chicken...I can't wait to go back and try some more!
Thanks to Yelp, I got a free drink!
Oh and as for the name...when I was finished with my meal, you could have put a fork in me and I would have been "pork on a fork!
"  I don't regret it and don't judge me...it's the holidays!
Screw the diets!

True BBQ is BBQ that doesn't need sauce to make it taste good.
This place does an excellent job at doing just that.
The meat comes in its purest form - straight off the bbq or smoker.
You put your own sauce on.
We had the pulled pork, chicken, ribs, and brisket.
We all agreed - it was yummy.
The pork was my favorite but since I don't eat brisket, I was down to 3 choices.
The chicken was good - not as good as I've had but it was juicy so can't beat that.
The ribs were really good - tender with the perfect bbq grill taste.
For sides we had, the cornbread and mac salad.
Nothing out of the ordinary but I'd get both again.
Next time I'm trying the sausage and mac n cheese.
It comes with rolls but that's just fillers.
One tip, this place is SOOOO Hard to find esp, at night.
We all missed it (3 dif.
cars) and kept thinking we had the wrong address.
It is in a business park area across the street from the airport.
Look for the Honeywell building's red sign across and turn into the driveway.

Been a couple times and besides it being packed at lunch the food and people were great!

OMG!
I'm no BBQ expert, but this place is by far the best BBQ I've had in Phoenix.
Beans cooked with the burnt meat ends in them?
Oh!
they are the bomb!!!!!
The only disappointing thing was the lemonade.
When I asked about it, they directed me to the drink fountain.
If all you serve is Minutemaid Lemonade, don't put that as a separate item on your menu.
Come on man!

My Husband and I decided to give this place a try tonight and take my parents along with us.
The staff was friendly and helpful.
The pork was great, the brisket was perfect (and not fatty!
), the waffle fries were tasty and the mac and cheese was awesome and those who ordered them, liked the beans.
My Husband liked his Midwest Monster and tore that sandwich up!
Even the kid ate the pork slider and we can't get him to eat much of anything these days!
Needless to say, we will definitely be coming back for more!
The only thing I thought they could improve on are the buns.
They were cold, not very tasty or toasted.

Yummy.
I stopped in here on my way from Los Angeles to Sedona.
The restaurant is in a small office park near an airport.
-Ordered a mixed sampler plate for about $11.
-pulled pork and brisket were both very good.
As others have noted, they don't put a bunch of sauce on the meat allowing one to really taste the smoky flavor (rather than a sauce).
They do have a nice selection of sauces on the side that you can add yourself.
-the meat quality seemed very good.
-sweet potato fries are a winner.
-checked in on yelp for a free drink.
All in all.. a nice place to stop for lunch.
I'd come back.

Tasty food and sides.
Bun came not toasted but that's my fault for not asking.
I discovered Pork on a Fork upon recommendations of friends who work across the street at Deer Valley airport.
Per their experience and glowing reviews, I ordered the pulled pork sandwich which came with a choice of two sides.
I chose the potato salad and the close slaw and I found both to be very tasty.
All came to $ 10.79 or so with a drink which I thought was quite reasonable.
There is plenty of seating.
The back area is a lot roomier and is much quieter and also boasts a large flat screen television.
Upon paying, you are given a number for your table so the server will know where to deliver the order.Service was very prompt - in fact,  I did not even have a chance to sit down as the server was already walking towards me with my order.
Highly recommended!
The staff was very friendly.
I had dreamed about the place all night since my friends had told me about it already knowing what  was going to order - I had caramelized onions in mind for  the sandwich and of course I walked in there completely forgetting what I had dreamed about.
Next time!
....I went back today (yep two days in a row) as I was intrigued as to how their burrito would taste.
I got mine with chicken and pork in it, salsa, cheese and caramelized onions and sides of mac and cheese and potato salad.
The food is good and the mac and cheese was absolutely to die for....but it could have been better...and that would start with toasting the bun if you get a sandwich or grilling the tortilla if you get their burrito...That little step alone would add giant leaps to the taste equation...I bet I could have asked but  didn't so shame on me again.
At $ 9.29, the burrito is not exactly cheap but it is plenty of food however.
POAF (Pork on a fork) would earn an additional star which would garner them five stars if they mastered the basics of toasting and grilling the bun and tortilla...No dinner for me tonight!

Had their brisket for lunch.
It was very tender and had good flavor.
My friend had the pork sandwich.
It was lean and good portions too.
I really like their sauces, though their meat doesn't really need it.
PRO:  great BBQ, good portions, good selection of sides, friendly service  CON: It's a little on the expensive side.
$12 for lunch?
Really?
Meh, it was worth it :-)  Can't wait to go back and try something else on the menu.

Wonderful discovery.
Pulled pork plate was top notch.
Good amount of food.
We'll be back.

LOVE the BBQ flavor of the meats here, all are good.
We didn't like the sides much though (personal taste?).
It would be nice to have a few kid options and maybe some smaller choices for when you don't want a HUGE meal but a smaller one.
Other than that, Oh Yeah!
What a gem hidden away - get some more advertising!

OMG the best baby back ribs I have ever tasted.
My favorite baby back ribs before this food experience was the Mason Jar in Mahwah NJ.
I have always compared baby back ribs to the Mason Jar to see if any would compare.
After over ten years of searching I have found the perfect baby back rib to beat the Mason Jar.
Pork on a fork is truly world class.
No need for the BBQ sauce but they have a nice variety and I tried two that I liked.
The hot BBQ sauce and the Carolina BBQ style sauce were both excellent on my ribs.
However you know you are eating excellent ribs when you keep forgetting to pour on the sauce.
Pork on the fork ribs were tender fall off the bone delicious.
I will return and bring all my rib loving friends.

I've been here 4 times now, twice for lunch and twice for dinner.
I've had the pulled pork with beans and Mac and cheese each time for lunch.
Pork is incredibly tender and juicy.
It doesn't come with sauce, but there's a handful of different choices to add to the sandwich.
Beans are excellent.
First time we came for dinner, they were out of chicken.
My wife not being a BBQ person wasn't feeling trying something, so unfortunately we left.
The 2nd time for dinner she ordered the chicken sandwich and I went for the ribs.
As my ribs were ready, they leaned over the counted and told us they were out of chicken!
We've already paid at this point, so no where to go.
They offered to make her a cold chicken salad, which she said was good.
My ribs were good, great flavor but didn't pull away from the bone like in would have expected.
I'll probably go back to the pulled pork and try the beef next time though.
As we left, no offer to comp the salad or any effort to make up for her not getting what she ordered.
Great food, disappointing in the service and fulfillment side though.

I've never been impressed with BBQ in Arizona until now.
Sure, Lucille's has those amazing biscuits served with apple butter; those things are good.
BobbyQ's has those cute little donuts, and Honey Bears makes a great sweet potato pie.
But until I finally got to eat at POAF I have never been impressed with the meat in this town.
As far as slow smoked meat, forget about it.
It really doesn't exist in Arizona as far as I can tell.
But now we have POAF.
POAF is amazing in every regard.
Their large smoker is in the middle of the restaurant (which is more of an industrial warehouse converted into a meat-eating complex) and when you walk in you smell that amazing smoke.
You can see the smoke loft up the vent.
It smells sooooo good.
On the window outside it say "Competition Style Barbeque" which really says a mouthful.
First, you gotta have some serious swag to declare that what you're putting out is competition worthy.
You're placing yourself into the category of those artist smokers who dares to compare their wares to other fanatics.
What it really means is that they don't serve their meat with sauce, and you gotta have some real confidence in your product to do that.
When the meat stands alone without the sauce, which POAF's does, then you know you've got something special.
You can add your own sauce from a great selection.
Let me tell you about the meat.
We had the brisket, which in all honesty is the best brisket I've ever had in my entire life, hands down.
Now I come from a long line of Jews and we know brisket; we eat it pretty much on every holiday.
Take a look at the pics I posted.
The smoke on this brisket is amazing.
They cut it perfectly.
It melts in your mouth with a great texture.
The flavor is "wham-bam-thank-you-maam" with or without sauce.
In short, it is brisket perfection.
That baby back ribs were also fantastic.
The smoke ring can be seen.
This is the dark outer layer on top of the pink meat.
The contrast of the outer smoke ring with the pinker meat makes some people think it's not cooked thru, but that is not the case.
These babys are smoked to perfection.
The best part of the baby backs is that they serve them in a puddle of their AMAZING mop sauce.
The mop sauce is the best part and I'm told it's made fresh.
The mop sauce is not available in bottles unlike their barbeque sauce.
This mop sauce is thick and sweet and truly my favorite part of these ribs.
Mop sauces are usually thinner; this is thick.
If you don't order the ribs, ask for some mop sauce to go with whatever you did order.
The baby backs were not the best I've had in my whole life, but probably some of the best in Arizona.
They left the membrane on the underside; I prefer to have it removed.
Only true baby back Q'ers will know what I'm talking about regarding this membrane.
The owner told me they usually remove it, but it depends on whose putting the slabs into the smoker.
Again, these are truly smoked and amazing.
The best smoked ribs in town.
I am equally impressed with the sides we had.
The Mac-and-Cheese was probably the best Mac I've had at any Arizona BBQ place hands down.
The sweet potato fries were thick and piping hot, just how I like them.
The coleslaw was nice and lite; it did not distract from any of the meat, and the corn muffin was just okay (I would go up one size on the muffin - it was kind of small and we BBQ folk like things big!).
The red velvet cupcake was highly respectable.
I am so happy to have amazing smoked meat in Arizona.
I LOVE POAF.
Oink!

Great BBQ in Phoenix!
Hard to find though, it's in a commercial complex don't worry you didn't drive by it, it's there and worth the couple of u-turns you'll have to pull to find it.
Food came out fast and the sauces were dynamite.

Best BBQ I've had in a while.
Its the kind of place that you find as a one-off and realize what you are missing out on in the world of American BBQ

It's been a lot of years since I've had pork this incredibly tender.
The Polish sausage was also prizeworthy.
The brisket was very good.
The downsides: the hot bbq sauce was good, as was the sweet one, but the "North Carolina" sauce didn't do much for me.
The cornbread muffin was dissapointingly miniscule.

Great BBQ... Was a little skeptical due to the location but this place is a hidden gem!

We came in for a late lunch, only a couple diners at the time.
So there was little wait.
Our party of three ordered two of the midwest monster specials with pork, brisket, coleslaw, and jalapenos and one brisket sandwich with two ribs.
We sampled a variety of sides: waffle and sweet potato fries, potato salad and mac n cheese.
We sat in the back and had the area to ourselves.
We all agreed we liked that hot BBQ sauce best, so we used it on our sandwiches.
The meat here is well smoked and very tasty.
The ribs were really impressive.
I love how the sauce carmelized the top but the meaty was filled with smokiness.
The brisket crumbled into tender pieces, yum!
Both variety of fries were good, the potato salad tasted like what you get at Sam's club, the mac n cheese was ok a bit too congealed for my liking.
Overall, everything was quite good.
Our only complaint was the bun.
It's too soft and filmsy to support the sandwiches.
Next visit, we'd prefer to order the meat by the pound and avoid the sandwiches all together.

Amazing BBQ and it's just up the street from my house!
The staff is pretty amazing and helpful as well.
I always get the food to go and they are pretty quick with the food prep.
Gotta love the small local business!

My brother told me about this since he knew I liked BBQ.
I really wasn't expecting much, but was I ever wrong.
It is the best BBQ I've had in Phoenix.
My fiancé and I loved the BBQ at Joe's in Gilbert, but that is a journey from where we live.
Now we have no need.
The sides were all delicious and our pork sandwiches were so tender and juicy we were sorry to see it end.
Not one bit of grizzle or fat!
I highly recommend it!

Pulled pork is just right, almost melts in your mouth and its not greasy like most.
The best bbq place I've been to in the valley.

Pricey, wish serving portions were a little bigger.
For that reason I don't go as often.
Never have coupons that I see.
No discounts for large companies nearby.
Check your smart phone on their website, they've had a free drink with meal purchase coupon on it in the past.
You can sit in the garage in the back.
haha.

Family loved it!
One of our favorite places for barbecue.
The only negative is that it is in a business park.
But if we want good food, go here.
We got the sampler which fed both of us.
We eat less than your average American.
Pork is moist and tender.
The Mac and cheese is killer and the coleslaw is light.

Yep, it's pretty freakin good!
Love the pulled pork sandwich!
The mac n cheese is awesome, ask them for some of the extra salt/spice they put on top, it's to die for!
This is on our regular rotation where we go to lunch.
I'm a Texas gal so I think I know a little about bbq...... Love POF

I am the odd man out in that I am not a big meat fan.
Had heard about POAF on Yelp and had driven by a lot of times before.
I was getting pretty excited thinking about BBQ chicken though.
I had no problem finding it because they have a little sign at the entrance to the complex.
There isn't much parking though.
I took forever to decide what to order but finally got the sampler for hubby with pork, sausage, and brisket.
I ordered the chicken sandwich myself.
We got cornbread, Mac n' cheese, beans, and cole slaw for our sides.
I took samples of three sauces to go.
My favorite ended up being the brisket, and I don't even like red meat!
Hubby actually loved my chicken the most.
I was pretty impressed with their Mac n'cheese.
I would eat it and I am super picky about Mac n'cheese.
You come for the BBQ though, and it doesn't disappoint.
We had to go back the next night it was so good.
That brisket with its deeply smokey flavor and its perfect smoke ring!
Definitely the best BBQ I have ever had.

Way good.
Sumptuous, moist, smokey, perfectly seasoned brisket.
Not sauced if you want a purist experience.
Perfect portion, great sides (Mac n Cheese early in day the best).
Simple surroundings and great service.
Really friendly hot tattooed women serving.
Must lunch spot for those beef lovers.

Good portions very happy!

The brisket was moist and tender.
Had good smokey flavor!!
I will definitely come back again next time I am in Phoenix.

My favorite BBQ spot in AZ.
I usually get the beef brisket with macaroni and cheese and waffle fries.
The meat is cooked really well: it is almost always tender and juicy.
They also have good variety of BBQ sauces, from standard to sweet then spicy.
If you're really hungry you can get the sampler plate for around $11 though, that could feed two people in my opinion.
Don't let the outside fool you, this place is great and there is plenty of room for overflow in the back.

I was really excited about going here because we love BBQ.
While the food was fine, the atmosphere was really off-putting.
The food: We went around 6:00 on a Friday and they were out of chicken and ribs.
I don't know if this is a normal thing, but it was disappointing to not even try the meats we wanted to.
We ordered 2 plates - 1) pulled pork, waffle fries and coleslaw 2) brisket, waffle fries and mac and cheese.
The meat was served dry, as others have noted, and there are 4 different sauces to try.
I didn't love any of the sauces, but the mustard based sauce was interesting enough for me to use on my meat.
I think the seasoned waffle fries were the highlight (which is sad, really, as they were probably one of the only things here that comes to the store frozen...).
I didn't care for the mac and cheese (tasted only of swiss to me) and the coleslaw was made with a pre-shredded mix and boring dressing.
Nothing interesting about it.
My husband thought the brisket was good, but didn't care for the chunks it was cut into, as he prefers chopped or thinner slices.
The atmosphere: Although I knew ahead of time that it was in an office-park type setting across from Deer Valley airport, I still felt weird eating here.
Maybe it's more of a pick-up place?
The restaurant was dirty and worn and the staff was unenthusiastic about being there.
Overall: Head over to Bryan's Black Mountain BBQ in Cave Creek instead.
Although they have less side options available, Byran's has a better atmosphere and good food.
I'm still waiting to find that knock-your-socks off BBQ in Phoenix, though!

My wife and I were excited to try this place, because we love real BBQ and were getting tired of our usual spot.
We got there really early afternoon and the place was basically empty, except for a few late-lunch stragglers; which was fine.
The service was good and the staff was friendly to us and everyone who came in after us.
The food, on the other hand, was not really what we were expecting.
We both ordered beef brisket sandwiches - I had waffle fries and BBQ beans, she had waffle fries and macaroni - but what we got was (I think) pork shoulder sliced as if it were brisket.
Definitely didn't have that nice texture you would usually get from beef, and it was loaded with half-rendered fat.
It also wasn't really up to par, even when considering it as a brisket, and had not absorbed any flavors.
It tasted very bland.
We were pretty disappointed.
Unfortunately, I don't think we'll be going out of our way to try this place again.

My youngest step son requested ribs for his birthday dinner and we were out by Tom's thumb, but they ribs weren't out of the smoker for another two hours, so we headed back to our side of town, and went to POAF instead.
I really appreciated the super nice customer service.
I didn't enjoy the food very much though.
The mac and cheese was the best part, it really was super yummy, but the meats were cold and the ribs were dry.
I wouldn't hesitate to come back, but I can't call this my fav BBQ spot...

It's been a very long time since BBQ has excited me, Pork on a Fork did that for me !
I like BBQ, but I am picky.
I usually dislike the sauce and I love their BBQ sauce.
I found this place through Value Card Alliance Barter Group.
Actually I had to visit a couple times to ensure that the BBQ is consistently good - and it is.
In fact writing this review I find myself jones-ing for it .
Their meat is so tender it melts in your mouth.
If you're in Phoenix, you MUST go here.
It is some of the BEST BBQ ever.
The cornbread was great.
The sides were amazing (mac n' cheese, baked beans, potato salad, and sweet potato fries)!
I had their "Smokin Sampler" with smoked sausage, my wife tried the "Smokin Sampler"  with the brisket.
The brisket was outstanding!
It was simply great - lean and had a nice smokey flavor .
The food is reasonably priced and EXCELLENT!
DELICIOUS BBQ  Honestly can't think of anything negative about this place.
Simply said, Pork on a Fork is perfect.
PERFECT PERFECT PERFECT!
if you even kinda like BBQ, you have to stop in for a meal.
Oh yah the service is very friendly too.
RATING: I highly recommend Pork on a Fork.
Why because in short the barbecue is amazing and I have to say they were an unexpected pleasure.
To say this place is delicious is a complete understatement .
OMG...they are so good eat here or regret that you didn't.
For me, this is the epitome of the BBQ experience and to be honest, I struggled with the decision of whether to give this place a 4 or a 5 star rating.

Get off of my fork Get into my mouth Get off of that grill Get into some sauce (BBQ) Get into my belly yum yum, yeah  Get outta my mind Get into my life Oooooooooh Oh I said hey (Hey) you (You) Get into my belly (Lyrics - Billy Ocean - Get Into My Car)  Pork on a Fork was showcased on Drive-In, Dives, and Diners with Guy Fieri not too long ago.
From there they've became a hit and won numerous awards, plus rave reviews both on Yelp and from Foodies around the valley.
Needless to say, this place is pretty darn good wouldn't you say!
My office is close by so whenever I get a chance I try to hit the Fork.
Their Pulled Pork Sandwich is what I would consider the quintessential pulled pork meal.
With sides of fingerling potatoes and coleslaw.
Good'o boys meal I guess, but man the pork and soft and tender; add some spicy bbq and finger licking good -- YUMMY!
Portions here are modest I think so you won't over eat in my opinion.
The place itself started in modest fashion.
When I first came there was maybe 6 tables max, but now they have an entire huge patio in the back.
Let's just after having a meal here you'll need more room - wink!
Again, this place is a dive so take the boys out and leave the dating scene out!
- Enjoy!

If you haven't eaten here you're a ninny

Excellent place...  parking is a little difficult since the coffee shop next door feels they need the majority of the spaces for their empty shop...
The pork is extremely tender and very flavorful.
The bbq beans have a very unique smoky flavor.
I couldn't get enough!
So far I have been here three times, and it's ROCKED every time...   Keep up the awesome work!

My wife went to Pork on a Fork tonight for some take out for me and my grandson since she was going out tonight with the girls for Karaoke.
My grandson got the brisket with a side of Mac & Cheese and waffel fries.
I had the BBQ Baby Back Ribs with a side of macaroni salad & BBQ beans.
Keep in mind, I'm not expert on BBQ.
But I know food and what I like.
The best part is I love giving awesome reviews!
All I can say about my meal is OMG the ribs were sooooooooooooooo good.
Imean down right delicious!!!
Not at all greasy .
Besides the BBQ ribs the best surprise was the Baked beans, they were great and cooked to perfection, smoky / sweet--simply all around fantastic.
To be honest Just writing this review is making me hungry again for more ribs.
FOOD:  Pork ribs just fell off the bone they had just the right amount of smoke, moisture, glaze and tenderness without being fatty.
Excellent sauce This is good BBQ...
I mean really good.
The sauce perfectly complements the meat.
SERVICE: When I called in the order I was told the ribs were cooking and they would be ready in 1-1/2 hours.
They were done exactly on time as promised.
CONCLUSION: Isn't all barbeque supposed to be like this.
Don't bother with all the other bbq places, just come here.

Excellent barbecue!
I order the mixed meat burrito every time.
Great food all around!

Really good pulled pork and chicken!
I mean really good!!!
Solid potato salad and tasty waffle fries.
I tried the burrito today which disappointed as they use baked beans in it, which was kinda weird and standard store bought tortillas.
I would suggest that they use super large premium local made tortillas and also include quesadillas on the menu.
If you stick with the pulled pork sandwich...you will not be disappointed.
This is really close to work and I will come back a few times a month.

First time trying.
Great portion of pulled pork - tender and juicy.
The BBQ Beans are VERY good.
The potato salad was bland but not awful.
I wasn't impressed with their sauces but mixing the spicy with the smokey gave me something acceptable.
The mustard based glaze was good but I'll have to try that one something else next time.
And there will be a next time.
The staff was great.
The hole-in-the-wall places are usually good.
Oh yeah, bring your own plastic spoon!
You'll want it to get every drop of those beans!

I have tried as many different places for BBQ as I could, looking for something that would do the trick.
I was sorely disappointed for several years until FINALLY, Pork on a Fork popped up and around the corner from work, no less.
This is BY FAR the best BBQ in the Valley.
HANDS DOWN.
Don't go anywhere else because you'll just be wasting your time and taste buds.
No matter where you live in the Valley, it is def worth the drive to come eat here.
Just look out for the little flag on Deer Valley because you can easily miss it, being in the industrial park where it is.
Over the past year, I tried everything on the menu and was never disappointed.
Literally, everything is great!
Tender meat, delicious sauces (I would bathe in the Crazy J's sauce), and awesome sides.
Now that I no longer live in AZ, I miss this place dearly, so I had to come on here to show some love.
Why haven't you gotten in your car to head over already?!
Seriously, go there NOW!
You won't be disappointed.

REALLY good BBQ, LOVE the BBQ burrito.
Generous servings, excellent food, great service - reasonably priced.
Highly recommend it.

We went for the first time a couple of weeks ago.
Have had lots of barbeque but this is by far the best.
Good portions, reasonably priced, staff is excellent and very helpful for first timers.
The sides are delicious and I am picky about potato salad.
It is sooo good.
Looking forward to their "Prime Rib" special nite.
A lot of people won't give 5 stars because they think there is no room for improvement, I'm saying, they don't need to improve.
It is great.
Yes, parking can be a little tricky, but if the food is great, parking doesn't matter.
You find a way!!!!
Very fast service as well.
What more can I say.
Try it, you'll love it.
If you don't, you don't know barbeque!!!!

Normally this wouldn't be my type of establishment to come to with a sign greeting you upon entering that says "all of our meat comes naked.
"  I overlook this statement as their pulled pork is amazing and bbq choices are top notch.
This place is located right near the Deer Valley airport in a boring business center, but when you serve great food it really doesn't matter where your location is.
Expect a line to get into the place during peak times as many others know that their bbq is awesome.
Don't let the line deter you as you won't be disappointed.
My addiction of choice is the pulled pork sandwich topped with a delicious smokey & tangy bbq sauce, sides of waffle fries and mac & cheese.
Follow this order and you will thank me later!

A-OK.   We are on a mission to find the best BBQ in the valley and this was the first place we went.
We ordered the pulled pork sandwich, Chicken plate and some bones to try the ribs, because, after all it is a BBQ place and you have to get pulled pork and ribs.
The pulled pork was good.
Nothing that really stood out to be special and the meat was kind of dry.
I wish they would have put some sort of sauce on the meat prior to serving (they have different sauces in pumps for you to pick and choose) but since they let you pick which kind of sauce and how much, I guess it makes sense.
Chicken plate consisted of two chicken breasts and some sides.
Waffle fries are generic with a cajun seasoning, baked beans were alright, honestly they looked like mush and the flavor was ok. Chicken was good though.
Good seasonings and very tender.
The thing that saved the meal were the ribs.
Ribs were pretty good!
Tender (not falling off the bone tender) and came with some sort of light glaze which was much better than any of the sauces.
I would have given this 3.5 stars if I could but since I don't think I'll ever crave/have the desire to comeback, it gets a three.

Came in today for lunch with some bros on our lunch break.
The immediate smell you get when you step throughout the door is very welcoming.
Brisket sandwich was excellent and of good size, Mac and cheese was off the hook!
They have 4 different sauces, all unique.
Will definitely come again.

It definitely lived up to the expectations of being a upper echelon BBQ joint.
I ordered the BBQ Pork plate with waffle fries and beans and was not disappointed.
I actually forgot to pour their BBQ sauce on the pork until i was almost halfway through with the meal.
It was that tasty, I would say if your in that neck of the woods, POAF is the place to go.
The service was very prompt and I even used a Yelp deal to score a free 24 oz drink.
Overall, they get my highest recommendation.
BBQ pork, beans, waffle fries and an Arnold Palmer... doesn't get much better then that!

Unassuming business park location knocks it out of the park with competition style BBQ.
You may ask yourself "What does competition style BBQ really mean?
", you won't find ribs that fall off the bone, dainty plating or complex flavor profiles BUT what you will find is high grade meat, cooked to perfection with a down home side dishes and menu options using fresh alternatives.
This BBQ Joint brings a wicked burrito stuffed with beans, cheese and whatever kind of meat you want (Pork, Beer or Chicken) or go with the Midwest Monster, a BBQ sandwich piled high.
For those looking for more traditional BBQ fare, order the Pulled Pork or Brisket Sandwiches or just go with a half-rack of the killer pork ribs.
Ambiance in straight forward as the space is a converted business park location, but that doesn't mean it doesn't feel good.
Lots of BBQ posters, farm pictures and contest memorabilia let you know these guys take their food seriously.
Ample seating in the back room and the staff is friendly, knowledgeable and very approachable.
Great value for the amount of food you get per order, but the best is buying bulk pounds either take-out or eat picnic style at your table.
Good mixture of POAF branded sauces which add another layer to the wonderful taste of fresh BBQ and quality meats..  Keep up the great work guys and gals!

Great BBQ, was impressed, even my 11 yr old daughter liked it and it is hard to find something she likes, so we will be going back soon!

Went here tonight with the hubs after repeatedly hearing about it from friends.
I got the brisket (no bun), macaroni salad, and coleslaw.
All 3 were AMAZING!
I like that they serve their meat "naked" so you can add your own amount and type of sauce.
The 4 sauce choices are awesome too!
A spicy mustard, Carolina-style sweet sauce, smoky BBQ, and super spicy BBQ sauce...so nice to choose!
In true semi-gluttons style, dessert was devoured by the hubs and me before dinner....brownie with walnuts, marshmallow, chocolate sauce, AND BACON BITS ON TOP!!!!!!
LOVE!
Despite not being a super BBQ lover, the casual atmosphere, happy and efficient workers, and amazing food have definitely given this gal incentive to return!

WOW!!!!
I found this place by using my YELP mobile app searching for nearby places to eat next to my home.
I had NO idea this hidden gem was literally a few miles up the road from me across from Deer Valley Airport.
It turns out this place has almost a 5 star yelp rating, was featured on Guy Fieri's Diner's, Drive-In, & Dives (love me some Triple D!
), AND has a $20 for $10 GROUPON!!!
So, my date and I decided to check it out for the first time this past Friday night.
I could smell the bbq before we even pulled in the parking lot.
I had a HUGE smile on my face walking in the doors!
The menu is on a flat screen tv in front of the register.
You place your order there rather than sitting at a table and ordering from a server.
We both got the MONSTER which is a sandwich with Beef Brisket and Pork, jalapenos, slaw, pepper jack cheese (I think I got that right).
You pick 2 sides and I chose the mac n cheese and the baked beans.
OMG I am so in love with this food right now!
The bbq was simply delicious, the mac n cheese was phenom, and those were the BEST baked beans I have ever eaten in my life.... and I'm a Southern Girl!
I will be back many times... probably later today.
I can't wait to eat my way through the menu.
Thank you YELP!!!

I'm a health nut but I will indulge on some POAF!

I checked this place out after seeing it on diners drive ins anddrive with guy fiery,been to this place twice now with my 7 year old son and he absolutely loves it.. the only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is because its a bitpricey for what you get,otherwise the staff is friendly and the food is great, kinda hard to find as well..

Food and service was good.
Food was limited due to busy day.
Get there early to insure all menu items are available.
Extremely fair pricing.
We'll be back for the ribs.

You can't see this place from the road since it's hidden in a business mall across from the Deer Valley Airport.
This is a very casual order at the counter kind of place and your food quickly gets ran to you.
I tried the smoked chicken and was expecting it to be pulled BBQ Chicken but instead it was two chicken thighs.
The chicken was very moist and tender with a careful gentle light smoke flavor.
I thought it was very good and didn't really need any sauce but I had to try one of the assorted sauces on the table for fun.
This plate comes with two sides I tried the cole slaw and it seemed very fresh, was sort of sweet but it was drip free so I thought that was good.
I also tried the macaroni and cheese, it was seasoned nicely and was familiar like what you eat at a picnic.
My husband tried the Monster that was described to us as brisket and pulled pork with two sides.
It however is a sandwich of the two meats together topped with coleslaw.
Like the smoked chicken I had the meat in this sandwich isn't all sauced up but you can use the assorted sauces on the table if you care too.
My husband did like the sandwich and said it was very good but would order something different next time because he's been here before and liked the regular plates better.
He said the beans here are very porky.
The staff thanked us for coming as we were leaving.

Came to Pork on a Fork to feed a BBQ craving - the Yelp reviews were incredible, so our expectations were high.
I had the pulled pork sandwich with beans and sweet potato fries.
There were also several sauces on the table to choose from, since the meat comes dry and without any sauce.
Overall, I liked the pork, but having it soaked in the sauce initially would have probably tasted much better!
Overall, the food was decent, but I'm taking off two stars for the inside of the place.
This restaurant and the seating area seemed very unclean to me, and I felt grimey even being in there.
A place can be casual and clean at the same time!

Had the Family Feast and it did not disappoint!!!
The ribs were fork tender, great smoke flavor and smoke ring!
Their mustard sauce on their smoked sausages were great!
We ordered coleslaw as a side and made pulled pork mini burgers with the slaw which had great crunch texture and not overpowering in flavor.
Great balance!
Also included was smoked chicken and brisket.
Man was that some good eating!!!
Chicken was fork tender and the brisket falls apart easily with great flavor.
I WILL be going back and think it's some of the best BBQ in the valley!
They did have these marshmallow bacon brownies that are on my list of items to try next!!

I used to think Pork on a Fork was one of the best BBQ joints around.
Our last two visits have disproved this theory.
We used a Groupon here a week ago and it was not tasty like it used to be.
I had a bone in my pulled pork sandwich that was about the size of a quarter and could have broken one of my teeth in two.
I realize that there is always the possibility of bone in BBQ, but this piece was so large they should have caught it.
The meat really didn't have any flavor without the sauce.
My husband was not thrilled by the lukewarm beer he was given or the brisket.
The amount of flies in the dining area was disgusting!

Best Barbeque in Phx.
Great sauce, ribs and pulled pork.
People are friendly and service is prompt.
Only draw back is location so look for a address not a sign.
I have eaten at many BBQ's in Phx.
and it's the best followed by Hap's and then Honey Bears.
I like the fact that if you fill out a birthday card they will send you a coupon for a treat around your birthday

First time there and enjoyed the food immensely.
Had the brisket plate at lunch and the place was packed.
Lots of local workers come her to grab a quick lunch and they were in and out in a matter of minutes.
The brisket plate was delicious and I had cole slaw with macaroni salad.
Both sides were very fresh and good eats.
My husband had the cornbread which was excellent in the muffin form.
Great portions, good selections, and excellent food.
Their sauces are delicious as well.
Highly recommend this BBQ joint for everyone.

Just catered from POAF for a family birthday for 20 people.
Yelp did not let me down!
I hadn't eaten their bbq before so it was a bit of a gamble, but after reading reviews I decided to give it a try.
Everyone enjoyed the food and I can't wait to eat leftovers tonight.
I ordered pulled pork, pulled chicken, 2 racks of ribs, beans, coleslaw, and small mac&cheese.
The pork and chicken was smokey, tender and moist.
They even delivered on a Sunday when they are closed!
Highly recommend!

It's rare that with four kids and two adults we can all find something we really like.
This is that place.
The beans are fantastic.
Well, all of their sides are great.
The meats are wonderful.
I've yet to question their wood selections for smoking or cooking times/temps but they know just what they are doing with briskets, butts, and chickens.
We've been here twice and will go back again.

We ordered take out here last night.
My husband got the sampler and I got the brisket.
All of the meats were over cooked and extremely dry.
The sauces weren't to great either.
It's so hard finding a good BBQ restaurant here in az.
Ricks smokehouse down the way was even better then this.
How it won az best who knows?

The food was very good!
I really enjoyed the pulled pork and beef brisket!
I would have to say that it was absolutely finger lickin' goodness!
All of the valley must try, it was well worth a 35 mile drive!!!
Best in the valley!
The Mac-n-cheese was cheesy heaven too!
Great staff and wonderful customer service!
Tatiana was extremely helpful in assisting me in my meal choices!
YUMMY!!

Possibly the best BBQ in Phoenix!

Went a little after 12 on saturday and got a bit of everything chicken, sausage, ribs & shredded pork.
I tried the Mac and cheese and sweet potato fries for my sides.
Unfortunately the only hot thing on the plate were those fries.
Don't know if it was a one off but everything else was served at room temp.
I have to deduct a star for the cold Mac and cheese.

We ate here a week ago after hearing how good it was.
This is THE BEST BBQ we have ever eaten and they have waffle fries that were excellent too.
Would highly recommend this place to anyone that likes BBQ you won't be disappointed.

First time here, stopped because of the reviews, and because I saw DDD was here.
Some of the best BBQ ribs I have ever had!
The ribs were perfectly smoky, with a little brown sugar and a spicy kick.
I really appreciated that the ribs were cooked well, had a nice crust, and were beautifully juicy inside.
One of the nice young ladies who works there brought us some excellent cornbread muffins to accompany our ribs, very nice of her!
I would definitely recommend, and I plan to be back- worth the 2 hour drive from tucson!

We've been to Pork on a Fork numerous times.
Because we love their pulled pork sandwich, we always ordered that.
Well, this time we tried the baby back ribs.
They were absolutely delicious!
Very meaty, and the meat fell off the bone with the tenderness.
What a dilemma now;  what to order when we go back!
If you go, don't forget to order their sweet potato fries.
The best ever!

My brother introduced me to POTF couple of weeks ago.
I was hooked.
Took my friend there last week now he is hooked.
Food is truly out of this world and BBQ is not even my favorite food .. Pizza is.
Will go here again and bring more friends with me next time.

So disappointing.
The most disappointing part was the service.
It was fine that they didn't have ribs, but the cashier was deliberately unhelpful and unfriendly.
It turns out the ribs were about 15 minutes way from being finished.
Sure wish they would have mentioned that because we would have waited.
Then they failed to clarify whether we wanted a plate or sandwich.
When the brisket came out chopped up on a terrible, soggy, cold bun, I was so bummed out.
Apparently I'm not the only one to have had this problem.
Right before I was about to send mine back, another customer took hers back to the counter saying she had wanted a plate and not a sandwich.
They dumped the meat off the bun onto the plate, threw away the bun, and handed her back the plate.
God.
The coleslaw was watery, the Mac and Cheese was dried out and the sauce was broken.
The waffle fries were fine.
I would have gone back to this place, but the service was intolerable.
What a waste of a meal and money.

Came here with the wife on a Saturday for lunch.
This location is a little hard to find since it is not facing the street.
Good thing they had those sailboat advertising thingies out on the road to help guide my stomach.
Inside and out are pretty industrial.
Lots of concrete and unfinished ceilings to look at while eating.
The front section is very small with a tiny seating area.
The back section is larger and set up with giant TVs and enough area for several families or large groups.
Service was a little confusing.
It seemed hard to get answers for what I was asking.
Just had a few simple questions.
Maybe it was a training day or something.
We are not talking rocket science here.
Then again it was my first time there also.
Maybe I was the one confused.
Ha!
The wife wanted a 2 pc Combo Plate but they do not offer one.
You have to order the Sampler Plate which is 3 Meats and make 2 of the 3 choices the same.
What?
I ordered the Midwest Monster Sandwich which was rather large and tasty.
Both meals came with 2 choices of sides and there are 4 different sauces at the table as well.
The food was pretty good but seemed a bit average for Q.
The brisket which was the real test for me and seemed dry and not very tender.
I would have to guess it may have sat in the warmer a little too long.
The Pulled Pork was really good and we saw several other people ordering the Bone in Chicken.
Overall they have pretty good food.
Still looking for some real TX BBQ or something similar without all the sauces to cover up the flavor of the smoked meats.
The meats should stand out on their own and not require much of anything.
Maybe I'm just spoiled.
Right across from the DV Airport.
ROUND THEM UP!
3.75 STARS

Pros:  good service tasty meats yummy sauces (love that they are on the table to try) great fries and beans  Cons: dry mac and cheese  out of chicken nuggets (we have four kids, so this was a bit of a sticking point) pricey!
3 kids meals and two adult meals with drinks cost $50.
Honestly, I just don't think it was worth it.
Tasty, but not THAT great.

Awesome Pulled Pork and Smoked Sausage.
The ribs are great and I love the Mac and Cheese with Waffle Fire.
We get our BBQ fix a couple times a month at minimum..

best barbecue is Arizona.
I dare you to try and finish the mixed grill burrito.
My one gripe is that it's set up like an every day lunch place, but $15 is to spendy for me to do too often

Best BBQ in the valley!

I should know when I see white hair Guy F. at a Restaurant I need to leave.
Serious.
This place is just a regular ol BBQ place.
I mean it's not gross but it's just not special either.
The sauces are just regular, the bread is cold- the mac and cheese was okay.
The service is slow.
The location is too far.
Go to Tom Thumbs, Go to Waldos.

Hidden inside of several other office building, this location can be easily overlooked.
However, it was obvious from the number of cars at 6 p.m. on a weekday, that this place is a local hot spot despite its hidden venue.
There was a visible line of patrons when we pulled up to park, which to us, was a good sign.
We walked in and waited in the line (about 5 groups back from the cashiers) and it took about 15 minutes to reach the front to order.
I let the cashier know that we had a Groupon and she asked if we had it ready to go, which we did on the mobile app.
She was a touch abrupt with her manner and said that the line was really long and that we should have it ready to keep the wait down.
This statement confused me, since I let her know already that we had it out, which we showed her, and we just waited in the line, so we were well aware of the wait...luckily this was the only real sore spot in the whole experience!
We will write that off to the hectic wait and that she was pretty obviously stressed about it.
They were out of chicken, so we were offered the brisket as a replacement for no additional charge on the sampler plate.
For my sides I had the macaroni salad and the beans, which were both really good.
He had the potato salad and beans.
As for the meats, I would have to say that I enjoyed the sausage the most, the pulled pork second, and the brisket the least of the three, although it wasn't bad at all - just placed last in comparison overall!
There is a sauce bar so that you can add the BBQ sauce that fits your liking.
The sweet sauce was my pick and it was a good one!
Towards the end of the meal one of the staff stopped by to ask if all had gone well and cleared our plates for us.
Overall: A A hidden local gem that is a must try if you are in the area.
Keep an eye out for Groupon deals!

My wife & I ordered take out tonight from here we both ordered the BBQ pork burrito with the cornbread as a side.
Upon opening the box the aroma of the BBQ pulled pork permeated the room right away.
The burrito was very large with a tortilla that was bulging from the pulled pork inside.
As my wife & I took our first bites we both looked at each other acknowledging our approval of how delicious the burrito was.
My pulled pork was juicy, well seasoned, incredibly moist and tender with a whole lot of awesomeness.
It had an amazing Smokey flavor and the extra side if BBQ sauce was really good.
Both meals came with cornbread which was the perfect addition to the burrito.
FOOD: Great BBQ - Love the tangy/sweet sauce , The food is incredible.
I really enjoyed my meal.
SERVICE:  The staff is always very pleasant.
PRICE: The price is entirely on-point.
For the quality of food you receive, which is one of the best BBQ places I've tried in Phoenix.
The food is worth every penny...and probably a little bit more.
I have never been disappointed here.
CONCLUSION: One of the best BBQ places we have tried.
RETURN FACTOR 100%.
******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?
********************  5 stars -Highly recommended.
I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business.
It is that good.
This place represents their industry or cuisine very well!
4 stars - Highly Recommended.
I would frequent this business.
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad.
Just average.
I wouldn't mind going again.
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family.
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business.
I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too!
DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH

Not the best in any town.
Went for dinner and everything was in foil on warmers.
Will not return.

Wow.
I can't Believe It took me so long to finally visit Pork in the Fork!
Even though I've been seeing all the positive reviews for a while.
Well I bought a Groupon several months ago for it and I totally forgot about and came on my last day.
Man this was some serious good BBQ!
We ordered a pulled pork and a brisket sandwich with Mac n cheese and corn bread and a side of waffle fries.
Now I'm picky on BBQ and I think I can smoke some good meat in my backyard..but this was out of this world.
The pulled pork was great..best I've ever had at a restaurant.
And the brisket was full of flavor and I could really taste the smoke.
I will come back and make it a regular stop.
Located in a small strip mall across from DV airport..it's easily missed.
Not much for ambiance inside but the back room is alright  with a few tvs.
I'd prob take out next time and they take phone orders so I will order some take out.
All in all POAF is the best BBQ in the Phoenix area.
I've been to the great Salt Lick in Austin and this gives overall food a run for their money.

I just finished eating here.
It was GOOD!!!
I had the sampler but upgraded to include the brisket.
It all went down so easy and nice.
The sampler included pulled pork, brisket, chicken thigh and mac n' cheese.
Highly recommended.

Good BBQ I personally like meat serve without sauce, and this is exactly what they do, together with soft moist meat it is  great place for quick lunch (except lines ) but its actually best advertisement

Wow what great tasting pulled pork and smoked chicken.
Well worth the drive.
Good value and portion ratio.
Will be back!

Best BBQ I have had in Phoenix!
I have been many times and have yet to have a bad experience.
Everything on the menu is good, the sides are amazing and I can get enough of the BBQ sauces they have.

Let me add to the 5 star reviews here!
My husband and I got the sampler plates and oh man....we are so glad we found this place.
Best BBQ ever.
Brisket was tender & flavorful, pulled pork was juicy and tender and smokey, sausage was perfect, sauces were amazing....
The sides were all great (get the beans!

DAMN good BBQ.
Really yummy beans.
Free refills on drinks.
Small dining area up front, but the back area is HUGE.
don't come here for the eating area, it's pretty spartan.
Come here for the beef, the chicken, the pulled pork.
NOTHING bad.

This is a very quant place.
They have some really classic BBQ and their sauce variety is awesome!!
The meat is to die for and they have a nice variety of sides.
The brisket was very moist and delicious as well as the pork.
This place is definitely one of my favorite BBQ places.

I had the sampler platter with pulled pork, brisket, and a chicken thigh with sides of mac n cheese and beans.
The beans were a bit cold, but the mac n cheese was very good.
It actually had real cheese rather than just a cheese sauce.
The pulled pork was excellent and I would definitely come back for it.
The brisket had very good flavor, but I did have a few bites that were a little dry.
The chicken thigh was very good and had the buttery texture that I love when eating smoked chicken.
I prefer not to use BBQ sauce but I did try 3 of the 4 that they carry.
I enjoy spicy food but the spicy bbq sauce tasted like an ashtray finished with vinegar.
Needless to say that I didnt care for any of their sauces.
However, I came for the BBQ meat, not the sauce, and was not disappointed!
Will definitely be back.

Second time here.
Have sampler the first time it was very good got half rack of ribs this time some of the best ribs I have ever had.
Great job guys keep up the good work and open up one in Scottsdale.
Very fresh have great sides and 4 different sauces to choose from.
Will be going back.

Was craving for something filling after what seemed like a purgatorial wait at the dealership for my vehicle today.
Scanning the archetypal lunch recommendation from Yelp's search list I spot POAF.
This is not my first visit here so I know what to expect and my recollection was of: messy fingers, sauce residue in and around the mouth and lots of used napkins; this despite using the plastic utensils.
They've expanded since my last visit to now include the front of the building that used to be a coffee place which now serve as their take-out area.
The dining area is relatively the same from what I can remember - a few seating up-front and a larger area in the back.
Today, I went with the sampler again but I opted for all the proteins -- pulled pork, beef brisket, sausage and chicken with mac & cheese and baked beans for sides.
It was as good as I can recall from my last experience but I can only give it 4 stars because Corky's in Memphis, TN, in my opinion, was my Gold standard in BBQ.
Overall, great friendly service as usual and food that's definitely re-eatable (as in worth coming back for).
P.S.
If you're planning to go elsewhere after having dined here, then you might want to bring cologne or perfume because the smoky BBQ bouquet will cling to your clothes.
I suppose it's not as bad as the smoke of a different nature from the casinos.

WoooooW!
Awesome, just awesome ribs!
Sandwiches are fantastic too!
This is more of a take out place and it is a bit "hidden" in an industrial park setting yet, the bbq is outstanding!
If you like bbq - it's a must try!

I am always looking for great BBQ and Pork on a Fork fit the bill perfectly.
It is not a normal restaurant space since the restaurant is in a warehouse district.
You order in the front of the warehouse and seating is in the back.
I ordered the sampler and found the brisket to be tender and flavorful.
The pork and the sausage were also cooked to perfection and flavorful.
My sides were the coleslaw and mac and cheese.
The coleslaw was ok...not great.
The mac and cheese was average.
They had multiple options for sauce and I always go for the sweet...and it was very sweet.
My only complaint was the bread.
It was basically small hamburger buns.
I don't know if they gave that so that I could make sandwiches with the brisket and pork or what their thinking was.
I would have preferred some other bread.

Delicious.
Tried the sampler platter.
Meat tender and juicy.
Service great.
No complaints.
All positive.

Went to POAF, they are a little pricey, but seriously the brisket hit the spot.
Nice and smokey, had great flavor (when does a brisket not?
), wasn't drenched in sauce.
To be honest i could have eaten it without adding any sauce.
So delicious.
Their sauces are good too.
The line was a little confusing but i figured it out pretty quickly.
Get there before 11:45. that is when the rush gets in there.

4 1/2 stars after over 200 reviews?
What gives?
My wife and I visited Pork on a Fork today and we won't be returning.
Not because we spent $40 on lunch.
Not because the side of mac and cheese was over cooked and dry.
Not because the cowboy beans didn't have any brisket in them.
Not because my wife's brisket sandwich was tough and over cooked.
The reason is the pork ribs.
I ordered a full rack to find out if they could properly smoke and cook pork ribs.
They failed.
We had to fight hard to get the meat off those ribs.
There was little if any moisture left in the meat.
Adding some of the various sauces was on no help.
My only explanation of the many outstanding reviews is that a lot of people haven't been to places like Coopers pit BBQ in LLano, Texas.
Once you've had the gold standard of BBQ, you realize what is possible if you carefully and thoughtfully watch over your pork and beef while it is being slow cooked and smoked.
I'm hoping to visit Little Miss BBQ in the coming weeks to test their award winning beef and pork ribs.
They are about to open  in Tempe and my wife and I got to try their ribs at a Saturday open market and feel they may be the best hope for BBQ lovers in Phoenix.

Thanks to Yelp I found this BBQ spot the other day!
Try the beef brisket with mac n cheese/baked beans combo and you won't be disappointed.
Location is a bit tricky but when you find it you'll enjoy!

This place is SOOO good !!
I usually DONT like BBQ but this was good !
I ate everything  on my plate (usually I don't , I pick) .. 4 different sauces to choose from , friendly staff , fast service.
I will def be back !
And will recommend to my friends ;)

My girlfriend and I had a Groupon for here that we used several months ago.
We went for a late lunch/early dinner on a Saturday.
Location: A bit out of the way and in an odd strip next to the Deer Valley Airport.
Inside was a bit small and noisy.
Location and bathrooms were clean.
Food: I had the pulled pork, brisket, and smoked sausage with coleslaw and bbq beans.
The pulled pork was pretty good.
Decent balance of flavor from the meat, seasoning, and smoke.
The brisket is the best I've had outside of Texas.
It was a bit dry but had a nice crust, a good smoky flavor, and went well with the sauces.
I regretted making the sausage part of my sampler, as I felt I was gypped because there wasn't much of it.
It was pretty standard restaurant sausage: better than what you buy at the grocery store but I've had better.
The coleslaw was okay.
The bbq beans seemed like they were canned beans that had been dressed up a bit but still tasted like they needed something added.
With the addition of my favorite of their sauces to the mix, I thought the beans were pretty good.
I can't recall much about their variety of sauces anymore but do recall my gf and I had a couple we both liked.
My girlfriend had the pulled pork, ribs, and chicken thigh with mac n' cheese and cornbread.
She thought the pulled pork and ribs were pretty good.
I ended up eating her chicken thigh because she was full and felt it was too smokey.
I was actually pretty impressed with it.
It wasn't dried out like a lot of smoked chicken and, while the smoke was the predominant flavor, I felt it suited the meat well.
She really enjoyed her mac n' cheese and cornbread.
Staff: Friendly and helpful.
Summary: So far, this is my favorite barbecue place in the Phoenix-area.
I haven't been back yet, but I do plan on going again in the near future and I always recommend it whenever anybody inquires about a good barbecue place in the valley.

Amazing bbq best I have had in Arizona!
Nice assortment of sauces too.
I highly recommend this place.
Just jeep in mind it's not a sit down restaurant.
It's take out  but there is seating outside.

Best BBQ in AZ!
The pulled pork is delicious and their sauces & beans are also fantastic.
Went there regularly but also used the catering service once - overall great experiences!

I am a BBQ guy.
I have traveled throughout the south and have had some really great BBQ in the Hill country of Texas.
That became my threshhold whereby all others would be judged and compared.
Having just moved to the Phoenix area I wanted some BBQ and read all the yelp reviews and decided I would try POAF.
I ordered their Smokin Sampler and sub'd for the brisket.
First the good: Their smoked pork is really, really good.
Some of the best I've ever had.
I give that a 5 star.
Their brisket is good but not among the best I have tasted = 4 stars.
The Polish sausage is a great brand = 5 stars.
I was really looking forward to trying their smoked chicken that was included in the sampler plate but they were OUT - in the middle of the dinner rush at 6:30pm???!!!
The person who brought out the plate apologized as he handed out the meals and said they ran out so they substituted a Polish sausage instead which is is exactly what I DIDN'T want.
I paid an upcharge to have chicken, pork and beef brisket and got a polish sausage?
I was not a happy camper so I asked to have some additional brisket to compensate - to which they agreed.
The chicken (or the lack thereof) = 1 star.
The two sides were baked beans and coleslaw which were bland and mediocre at best = 1 star x 2.
The slider buns were not fresh baked and served at room temperature.
Just steaming them would have been better = 1 star.
The various BBQ sauces (of which I tried them all) were nothing to write home about = 3.
The cleanliness of the dinning room(s) was horrific.
Perhaps the smoker was not venting properly??
The walls, ceilings and floors were in desperate need of a deep cleaning.
I was afraid to check out the bathroom... = 1 star.
Totall score 2 stars.

Delicious!
Food is amazing.
Staff is amazing.
If you want bbq, this place is amazing.

Stopped in on the way home to pick-up some BBQ to go.
I can't comment on the dinning service or dinning area, the take out area is separate.
The pulled pork was amazing!
So tender and juicy.
Just the right amount of flavor, and you can pick your own BBQ sauce.
The rack of ribs were melt in your mouth good!
The meat was falling off the bone, so delicious.
I wish we lived closer, this would be a weekly stop.

Very disappointed which I guess isn't the norm here but my meal was not very good.
Maybe they had a bad day but not a good experience despite everyone recommending this place.
I ordered the sampler platter, hot link sausage, pulled pork, chicken, and added 4 baby backs.
Chicken-Excellent Cole Slaw-Good but nothing special Waffle Fries-Seasoned so not very good Sauces-The Mustard was the best and very favorable, the others aren't bad but nothing special.
Ribs-Major disappointment, they were over cooked, very dry, and nowhere near "Fall of the Bone".
Hot Link-The was good and it's about third of a hot dog size wise.
Pulled Pork-portion was big but also very dry.
Corn Bread-Did not eat because a fly landed on it twice.
Price-pretty overpriced too  Unfortunately I won't be back on my next trip to the area and drove down from my hotel in Anthem.

Wasn't blown away like I hoped.
Had the pulled pork with beans & coleslaw.
The pork was the best part.
It was so freaking tender & juicy, it's probably the best in AZ.
The rest of the meal sucked.
The bun was cheap & added nothing.
The BBQ sauce tasted like A-1 thinned out with liquid smoke.
The beans were out of a can.
The slaw was on par with any you'd find at a grocery store deli.
...I will probably give them another shot, but there's better BBQ to be had in AZ.

Found this place because of a Yelp search for BBQ.
The food was good.
The service was good and it's close by.
Would definitely go there again.
Our company brought this in for lunch today (6/18/14) and now everyone loves it!
Did not disappoint

Went here for the first time today and after finishing the ribs, I made the decision right then and there, that if I end up murdering someone at some point in my life.....I will be ordering ribs from this place for my last meal on death row.
The ribs were FANTASTIC!
I wanted to bring the bones home with me as a souvenir and hang them on my wall and admire them daily.
But I figured I would dream about them tonight anyway so no point in bringing them home and scaring my girlfriend.
And ALL you retards who rated this place less than 4 stars should be immediately transferred to the island of Molokai like they did with all the people who had leprosy decades ago...except the new colony will be for morons.

You can tell these guys like what they do.
Food is prepared nicely and they are a fast casual type of place.
The lunch crowd fills this place pretty regularly but I want to come in at night to try a rack of ribs next.
I had the brisket sandwich and it did not disappoint!

This place is crazy good!!!
Awesome Baby Back Ribs !!
The best I have had anywhere.

The place is filthy dirty.
All surfaces, floors, walls and condiment bottles a mess.
Pork OK, but sides flavorless.
No recommendation here and won't be back.

Great food and great customer service!
My favorite BBQ place.
The Prime Rib they occasionally have is so delicious.
Highly recommended.

I had their pulled pork with spicy bbq sauce.
I was impressed.
Probably my favorite bbq place in Phoenix.
I didn't give it 5 stars because the place is dirty inside.
Flies are EVERYWHERE...Their food is excellent but they really need to clean this place up a bit.
I will definitely go back, I can't get enough of that spicy bbq sauce.
I'm glad I found this place since it's so close to me :) "bbq tastes so good it makes you wanna slap your momma"

Oh boy!
An abbreviation like POAF deserves a visit.
I am going to TRY to keep this short and simple due to the amount of people that may check this place out.
We came around 7 pm and the hospitality was great being greeted with a smile and recommendations on entrees and sides.
Therefore, we got the brisket sandwich and half slack of ribs with waffle fries, mac n cheese, cornbread, and the baked beans as sides.
Oh dang, you are getting excited, aren't you?
I believe coming late meant the food was not that fresh.
The food came out immediately and the brisket was chewy and dare I say dry with a little lack of flavor.
Don't hurt me POAF.
I am hoping this was due to the fact it was later in the evening.
As a result, I drenched that extra BBQ sauce on my sandwich.
Extra BBQ sauce?
You got that right, 4 different kinds to satisfy your taste buds!
My wife said the ribs were similar to my brisket.
However, we did enjoy the baked beans that had a meaty flavor with the pork mixed in.
Overall, I will have to try this place again.
Maybe a little earlier.
I am basing my 3 stars that the price is expensive and all the hype.
I looked at a menu at another popular BBQ SIT DOWN restaurant, and POAF was only a bit lower.
Therefore, if I am going to spend this much, it would be at the sit down.
Although, this is to be continued pending my next trip for a fresher experience.
I will see you again POAF!

I've been craving BBQ for a very long time, saw the awesome reviews & made the drive over here.
Simple menu which I love, helps me narrow my decision down faster ;) I got the chicken sandwich with waffle fries & cornbread, hubby got pulled pork sandwich with waffle fries & macaroni salad.
These are definitely the kind of sandwiches you don't even need sauce on!
So flavorful & tender.
Fries were fresh & very crispy but my cornbread was way too sweet, it was almost like dessert to me, eh no biggie.
We will definitely be coming back here soon to try some other meats!

Been going here for about 6 months now and was not real excited at first but the food kept getting better.
Try the brisket plate or pork sandwich, am sure you will be pleased!
Also they have "Prime Rib Fridays" and its very good as well!
Also they have a LARGE room in back for groups or extra people and a big screen TV for games and such!

After a long time of listening to my friend tell me this place was legit and I needed to go I finally broke down and went.
As a backyard BBQ guy and a lover of the art of slow smoking anything I can't believe it took this long to get here.
The place smells like heaven!!
I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with the sides of waffle fries and BBQ beans.
The beans were nice and spicy which I prefer.
The fries were covered in seasoning salt and were great.
The pulled pork was very good.
There was a solid bark on the exterior and a nice pink smoke ring which had permitted the meat.
All signs of a good smoke.
The meat was cooked well and wasn't mush like many BBQ joints serve after it sits in a warming tray all day.
I sampled all of the sauces and found that the spicy mustard sauce was the bomb!!!!
As far as a sauce for pork I couldn't get past it.
Since it is a mustard based sauce I realize it won't be for everyone.
The service was very quick and friendly.
I came at the right time because when I ordered I was the only person in line.
By the time I finished my meal there were at least 20 people waiting.
Awesome place and I will be back for sure.
Next time I'm gunning for the brisket!

This is very good BBQ; not the best I've had, but certainly one of the best.
The service was quick and friendly (you order at the counter).
Prices are about typical.
The "restaurant" is a simple arrangement in an industrial complex.
Don't expect ambiance here, it's just a place to eat really good BBQ.
They have a good assortment of tasty BBQ sauces at each table.
Try them all!

Good call Yelpers, good call.
Full disclosure, I've had barbecue at some pretty famous establishments in Austin and Kansas City.
While this place doesn't have the history or the reputation of some of barbecue bastions of the world, this is definitely among the best barbecue joints I've been to in the valley.
Perhaps that might not be a high bar to clear, but its definitely worth a try.
As with so many barbecue joints I've been to, this location seems to have a goofy disposition.
This particular establishment is located in a row of storage warehouses right across the street from Deer Valley Airport.
You really have to be looking for this place as the exterior blends in with all the other businesses in the complex.
Once inside though, the story changes entirely.
I was warmly greeted by a gal at the register as the lunch crowd came streaming in.
Their meat smoker is right behind the register filled with slabs of brisket, ribs, pork, and sausages.
The smell wafting into the front counter is heavenly.
Theres a tiny amount of seating up front, but there's a bunch more around the corner in back.
The back is basically an industrial garage thats been turned into a sports lounge of sorts with multiple TVs showing ESPN channels, a bunch of booths as well as table seating in the middle.
Not fancy or pretentious at all, but very relaxed.
If it had a bar, it'd be perfect.
Being that this was my first trip, I grab a sampler plate.
You get pulled pork, smoked chicken, and smoked sausage along with two sides.
For a little extra you can substitute a meat for brisket.
Being that brisket is their calling card, I exchanged brisket for chicken this time.
I got BBQ beans and waffle fries as my sides.
And got a couple of soft rolls to make sandwiches with my meats.
I grabbed a booth seat in back since the front was already getting crowded.
So let's get to the verdicts on their food.
And for the record, I typically like to eat my BBQ without sauce as the best barbecue doesn't need it.
For starters, excellent brisket.
Nice smokey flavor with a pronounced smoke ring to match, tender and juicy, and a nice portion.
The sausage's smokey flavor was a little less pronounced, but plenty juicy and flavorful as well.
The pulled pork was also good, though perhaps a little on the dry side.
The beans were a little bit of a bust as I didn't taste any BBQ flavor in those.
I actually got the waffle fries so I could try their four sauces which are provided at the table.
Of the four, I actually like their mustard flavored sauce best.
The mustard gives it a little tangy zip that adds to the flavor without being too spicy.
They also have a sweet & mild sauce, a smoked tangy sauce, and a hot & spicy sauce (it wasn't all that hot in my opinion).
I applied a little of the mustard sauce to the meat which was great, though as I said great smoked BBQ doesn't need sauce.
Total for the sampler plate (including the brisket substitute and two sides), 2 rolls, and fountain drink was $15.
Good lunch portions that left me satisfied without feeling uncomfortably full.
I was in and out in less than 30 minutes.
The place was really getting busy as I left so the average time spent here might be a little longer than that.
After eating here I still give a slight edge to Bobby Q's as the best in the valley, but POAF can certainly hold their own, especially on the brisket.
In the end, its not Bryant's, or Franklin's, or Salt Lick.
But if the Phoenix area is going to get into the barbecue sweepstakes going forward, it will be competition style BBQ joints like Pork On A Fork that will be forging that path.

Back again with a group of friends from work.
I can't control myself and got the pulled pork again.
Still as good as the last time I was here.
I did get to try the brisket And it was very good and moist.
I'd like to see a smoked turkey sandwich as an option.
Great to be back.

This place is a hidden gem!
If you're not paying attention you can easily miss this spot because it's in a commercial building, but don't let that fool you this place is great.
Walking in and just smelling the food lets you know that this place is legit.
This was my first time here and I came based on the suggestions of my fellow Yelpers.
Prior to ordering my food I checked in and was given a free drink just for checking in.
Not sure if that is an all the time thing, but it let you know that they care about their customers.
I ordered the pull pork sandwich with a side of waffle fries.
The sandwich was excellent and the pork was moist and seasoned perfectly to allow the flavor of the meat to shine.
The fries were just as good and I was happy with my choice.
Plus you couldn't beat the price for the quality of food...just $9.
This place was clean inside and the staff was friendly.
I will definitely be back.

The brisket was worth the trip!
It was flavorful and had a nice smoke ring to it.
There was not much fat on it, and they were nice thick cuts.
The pork was very moist, but I just wasn't tasting all the flavor I was expecting.
The restaurant itself was low key, but I really liked the seating area in the back.
It is set up in a garage area, and is just something different.
Their barbeque  sauce selection has everything you could want.
I found that a mixture of the sweet with the smokey was the flavor for me.
The only thing I would have liked would have been to order a quarter pound of one of the meats instead of having to get a half or whole pound.
I was hoping to try a couple of different things but I didn't want to have to order another half pound of meet.
Overall I it was good and I will be going back there at some point.

Pull pork sandwich with Mac and cheese and potato salad.
All were very tasty!
I tried some of my dad's sampler plate.
The sausage that came with it was delicious and the chicken was moist and flavorful.
I will definitely be coming back to try more off of the menu.

Very good food.
Flavor is great and the prices are good.

The Short: A restaurant that boasts having 'The Valley's best BBQ' but only serves up an uninspired, 'meh.
'  The Pros: - It tastes ...... alright.
- The back room dining area is clean, comfy, and features three large-screen TVs.
- Orders are brought out pretty fast.
The Cons: - Brisket is as dry as the Phoenix desert.
- No real smoke flavor or spices.
- Customer service is often dismal.
- Sides don't complement main dishes.
- Majority of meats have a bland mass-produced flavor.
The Best Item(s):  - Coca-cola  - Interesting Fact: BBQs used to be the politician's venue of choice to speak with their constituents.
Back in the day, talking with your senator was always accompanied with free food!
(Source: BBQ: The History of an American Institution, Robert F. Moss)  _____________________________________________________________  The Story:  I consider myself a BBQ aficionado.
I've feasted at several of America's most cherished BBQ Pits from coast to coast and roast to roast.
Congress has passed legislation that requires BBQ festival patrons to address me as 'your majesty.
' Cows and pigs are afraid to make eye contact with me!
So believe me when I tell you, I know the difference between a good and bad brisket.
Because of such, I take it serious when a restaurant claims to have the best BBQ of a particular locale.
Unfortunately, more times than not, these claims are a mix of bravado and marketing.
Pork on a Fork happens to be an quintessential example of this phenomenon.
I've been to this outer-beltway Deer Valley location twice and both times ultimately led to me feeling like Mick Jagger (cause I can't get not satisfaction).
The customer service was not just disengaged with the task at hand, but seemed to have no interest in the customer being there at all.
I have tried their pork, brisket, and ribs.
All three had the same mass-produced bland flavor that was more reminiscent of fast food than it was masterful BBQ.
The brisket was the worst offender, possiblely due to the entire top fat cut off before smoking.
The end result, regardless of the reason, was a BBQ sandwich that had the same succulence as a bucket of sand.
There are bags of charcoal scattered throughout the restaurant, and I'm sure they're actually used, but a disconnect exists somewhere because it's almost impossible to make anything with such promising beginnings this insipid.
Pork on a Fork has great reviews overall.
I find this mind boggling based on my experience but sometimes that's just how it goes.
There's always the possibility they were having a bad day during my visits.
Cooking is more of an art than a science.
If you're looking for some quick and easy BBQ, stop by.
Otherwise it's probably best to go somewhere else.

I have had BBQ all over the country from Ny to cal from Washington to Florida I can tell u for a fact the people and food at this place are top notch.
Everything on the menu is smoked to perfection .The prime rib they serve would cost twice as much any where else and still would not taste as good.
I eat there at least twice a week sometimes more ,they greet you with smiles and are always helpful to explain any of the food and let you sample some,Try that any where else ,it will not happen.

Casual joint with incredibly good food!
Their ribs are my favorite EVER.
The meat is so tender and flavorful that I hardly use any sauce.
In fact, I appreciate how they don't drown their meat in sauce, but give you the option to slather it on or not.
Brisket is good too.
It's hard to find a place that does brisket well and doesn't smother it in sauce, but POAF gets it right.
Sides are decent.
We like the mac n cheese, potato salad, and mac salad.
My husband loves their pulled pork.
He's from Syracuse, NY, where the delicious Dinosaur BBQ is king....but has recently admitted that POAF pulled pork is superior.
How's that for a recommendation?!?!
(Note:  He prefers Dinosaur BBQ sauce over POAF's sauce.
)  Self-serve drinks.
Counter service.
They changed the ordering set up so it's now almost cafeteria-line style, and you walk down the line.
It seemed to expedite the food prep.
Our plates were ready right after we paid, and we walked to table food-in-hand.
I do wish there had been a tray to make carrying the food plates easier.
(although it's possible there were trays that I didn't see??
)  Last time I was there, they ran food to the table.
Not sure if this depends on how busy it is.
Takeout entrance is around the corner.
Bottom line: Great food.
Our fave BBQ.

Our first visit was amazing!
We ate at the restaurant.
The pulled pork was tender and juicy.
We tried all of the barbecue sauces and like each one for its own unique taste.
The Mac n cheese was unbeatable!
The corn bread was moist.
The waffle fries were crisp on the outside and fluffy inside.
Our second visit we ordered take out and ordered the exact same thing as our first visit since it had been so outrageously delicious.
When my husband got home they hadn't packed any of the sides.
Just our sandwiches.
It was too far of a drive to go all of the way back to complete our order.
It took 20 minutes on the phone for the girl to figure out a partial refund for the sides, so she ended up doing a full refund which was nice of her.
Our third trip we also did take out.
The pulled pork was so dried out that it almost had a cotton like texture.
The Mac n cheese tasted like it was a few days old and scraped from the bottom of the pan.
The waffle fries were soggy.
Maybe they just didn't handle the 15minute trip inside a styrofoam box well.
They were out of corn bread and a few other things as well.
So, I'm not sure if this place lacks consistency or the quality had just gone down hill all together.
Such a shame, because the first trip had our mouths watering!

The staff were very friendly!
The beef brisket was excellent!
Had the sampler and ribs and brisket sandwich....shared it of course!
Loved the sauces.

No.
Noooo thank you.
My friend ranted and raved about this place - it sounded good, close to work, and I was in the mood for some BBQ.
I purchased a pulled chicken BBQ sandwich, side of mac and cheese, and.... waffle fries I think (obviously, unforgettable).
Within the first bite of my chicken sammich, I found a chicken joint thing within the chicken....
There was only a bun, pulled chicken, and bone fragments (no additional toppings).
They did have a lot of different types of sauces and they were great (hence the two stars instead of one)!
The mac and cheese was super bland and mushy.
The actual restaurant is near deer valley airport, in an office plaza, and has an industrial feel to the inside.
If you really like BBQ, check it out, but check the food before you take your first bite!

They forgot about our sweet potato fries while we sat there looking stupid.
A worker, was staring at my wife like we were deer in headlights.
So 30 minutes after sitting and waiting for our fries we lost our appetite at the service and asked to speak to the manager, a young lady assumed the position of manager and said she would talk to the male worker about his conduct.
I ate my dry and cold pulled pork and my wife threw hers away, my toddler ate the fries on the drive home not really caring.
This was 5 months ago, maybe they are better now.

excellent, prices good too.

I've had lunch there twice this week.
The food was wonderful.
The best BBQ in Phoenix.
Matt, the catering manager was extremely helpful.
I couldn't recommend it more.

Amazing BBQ.
Ribs and Pulled pork are so good they don't even need sauce...
However the BBQ Sauces are awesome!!
!Sweet & Mild, Crazy J Hot & Zippy Mustard are all amazing.
Fred Langley catered his party with this place and it was the best I have ever had!
Gonna go there bet soon!!

It's been about 2 1/2 years since reporting from here on this BBQ spot, but I've been here several times and it's always good, if far from my house deep, deep down here in the South Mountain barrio (say "vah-dee-oh"), on the wrong side of the river.
:-)  Today I was joined by Jackie C. and Mike C. & ordered a "Smokin' Sampler" which brought up a sectioned plastic plate with pulled pork and a large biscuit to make a sandwich with it, plus half a large sausage link, a chicken thigh and two side dishes.
It doesn't make my "Top 3" favorite BBQ place in the Valley (see LIst) but I always enjoy my lunch here.
:-)  Smokin' Sampler:  $10.99

Awesome food at Pork on a Fork!
The pork is so moist and tender.
And the brisket and chicken and ribs are so tasty!
You gotta love this place.
Their customer service is exceptional.
Whoever smokes the meat really knows their craft.
If you want great BBQ...please go to Pork on a Fork!...btw...I loved their bbq sauces too.
And Matt Beard  is a very friendly catering mgr.
- Doug Howitt

"Best BBQ in the Valley!
"  Oh stop!
Save your money.
Go to Rudy's in Chandler for the wet brisket or back to KC.
This place is below average.
Ribs are poor.
Slaw is tasteless.
Fries are greasy.
The beans are at least decent.
Beef is way overcooked and not flavorful.
Poor ambiance.
A garage without any character.
Sloppy order handling.
Overpriced, way overpriced.
Skip it!
Take a bagged lunch with peanut butter.
Just cutesy marketing with lousy food.
Poor effort, Pork, start over.
No wet wipes?
Worthless napkins?
Staff too busy or poorly trained to take care of customers?
What were you thinking?
We are BBQ starved in Phoenix, but THIS?
Very disappointed and not going near there again.

This place was recommended to me and I finally got to try it.
Awesome food and great service.
Will be back!

Awesome surprise!
Drove by it a few times before deciding to try it.
Weird location & strange layout, but if you can get past that, the food is great!
I've tried several things but you can't beat the pulled pork.
The mac & cheese is awesome too.
Very very fair pricing.
One of the better BBQ I've had in Phoenix.
Recommend!

Nothing to write home about.
I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw and BBQ beans.
The meat was decent but dry.
I added the smokey BBQ sauce twice to try and moisten it up.
There didn't seem to be any sauce on the meat to start with.
Same issue with the coleslaw; there was little more than chopped cabbage.
The meal was saved by the beans which were quite tasty.

I got the brisket sandwich and its one of the best and all the bbq sauces are great.
The baked beans are probably the best ive ever had also and bbq is my go to places.
the mac n cheese I didn't care for.
Will be back when im in town and I will be getting the brisket again

I've loved Pork On A Fork since the first day I met them at a farmers market.
Their pulled pork & brisket are by far THE BEST anywhere around, and I should know since I am from the midwest where we definitely know BBQ!
I've even got my mother in law hooked & she makes sure to stop by when she is out by their location to get us all some delicious food!

Awesome!!
Someone told me they had great BBQ, so my family and I decided to pop by on a Sunday afternoon and they were open.
Excellent service and amazing BBQ.
Everything we had was great!!
And we have high expectations for BBQ because we are from Kansas City.
Madison was great and very friendly.
Highly recommend.
They are right by the Deer Valley Airport.

This is terrific no frills barbeque.
The meat is full of flavor and juicy... sauces are served on the side and are also really good.
Try the Midwest Monster - you won't be disappointed and your taste buds will be kept very busy!

Can't go wrong with the BBQ burrito!
And to really make sure you are in AZ just get the Spicy BBQ sauce to go with it.

Today we didn't feel like firing up the grill, so the most brilliant idea popped into my head and I said, "Ooooh!!
I want ribs!
Let's order from Pork on a Fork!
"  We each ordered the sampler plate, subbed briskit for the chicken, and even added a couple ribs.
We ordered our meals to go and couldn't wait to get home to get our grub on.
Oh my goodness!!
I was loving every bite of the tender briskit, the ribs, the pulled pork, mac n cheese, and coleslaw!
Whew!!
It was a very delicious and satisfying meal, and while I wasn't able to finish it, no worries!
I plan on finishing it later... well, that is if I ever get hungry again  By far the best BBQ I've ever had in Phoenix!...
well hell, I'd even say it was better than any I've had in TX!
If you love BBQ, you will not be disappointed!
And if you're a vegetarian... their coleslaw is super phenomenal!

After many years of searching the Peoria Glendale area....we have found our place.
Our high bar is Dreamland Ribs in Tuscaloosa Alabama....so we feel pretty confident we can identify good BBQ  Meat was stellar.
We had the brisket and the pulled P. the 4 sauces offer anyone something from super sweet to tangy.
Atmosphere was good.....cool little back room with a few plasmas.
This place gives you what you need, good BBQ.
Not heavy on the frills which is fine with me to keep the prices down.
It has a very southern/Midwestern  feel and evidently the guy is a Husker fan.
College football fans are almost always GREAT people  ;)  Friendly service.
Price was reasonable for a family of 5 and a 1/2 lbs.
of brisket.
Baked beans were a little weird tasting.
Slaw is good with.
mac and cheese was actually not that big of a hit with the kids.
Wife liked it.
This is a MUST go to if you like BBQ...... After our last run to fmsDvs.....and a sandwich that was half fat....we were at a loss.
Go....

The food was dry, and cold, and the fried macaroni and cheese was nothing but salt.
Most of all the services of the staff was the worst I had ever seen.
They are unfriendly, they didn't have any knowledge of what is in the food, yet they claimed it was all made from "scratch" after asking to speak with a manager, it was made clear to me that this place really doesn't have any integrity at all.
She had no interest what so ever in what I had to say.
The woman just tryed to buy me with a promise of "free stuff" why would making your terrible product free make it any more desirable.
DO NOT EAT HERE

Fantastic food!
Brisket was full of smoke flavor, moist, tender and no sauce needed.
The pulled pork was also full of flavor.
Mine was a little dry, but my husband said his wasn't and he's a picky BBQ eater being from Texas.
I had the beans and coleslaw as my sides and I enjoyed both of them.
I wasn't in love with the sauces.
I thought they were a little thin.
Each sauce had its own distinct flavor.
I liked them best when I mixed all three.

Praise the people that make good BBQ!
My hubby and I have been here several times, it's sad this is the first review!
We have never ever had a bad experience and the food is always so amazing!
Very flavorful and tender.
The BBQ sauce selection is very nice.
Ranges from mild to hot and has very good flavor.
Today we tried the Mac n Cheese bites.
They are a very rare find I guess, a couple employees invented them and the new chicken taquitos (which are both amazing)!
The service is always great considering it's a walk in and order place rather than a sit down with a server.
The employees take true pride in the food they serve and the customers they serve to!
I didn't catch any names, but management that reads this:  Today at about 2:30pm (7/13/14) we got great service from the prep, the cook, to the lady at the register.
Both as we ordered food and as we were eating in the dining area in back!
THANK YOU!
And thank you for making sure we didn't leave without trying the new creations!

This place is all about the smoked meat.
The rating is for that AND the stellar service from friendly people who clearly love serving up the best dang smoked meat in the city and take a lot of pride in it.
(Amanda really went out of her way to welcome us and share her fantastic special, which was chicken taquitos).
The atmosphere is not dirty or smelly so I can't really call it a "dive.
"  But, it isn't glamorous (see my first sentence).
You are coming here for the smoked meat that your brother-in-law believes he makes (but can't).
Just get in here and bring your appetite because this beef brisket is ridiculously good.
The chicken, pulled chicken, and sausage were all amazing -even without sauce - but, make sure you get the brisket!

