As much as everyone loves a second-hand bookshop, I sometimes think that their main purpose is to give localities a homely and / or bohemian feel, with the providing of books being almost ancillary.
This one on Broughton Street is just like any other, a dusty treasure trove that brings back memories of a time when you could leave your door unlocked and kids would play hopscotch in the street without inevitably being raped and or / murdered.
It's got as good a mix of new and old reads as you could expect from a small independent  bookshop, so if you're into a bit of literature it's well worth a visit.

The recently opened Broughton Street Books is a wee, fairly shabby second-hand store that doesn't quite match the standards of West Port, which is the place to go if you're looking for the best second-hand bookshops in Edinburgh.
Here, books are very well priced at £1.50 for hardbacks and £1 for paperbacks but there's something almost careless about the way they're displayed in heaps on tables and shelves.
There doesn't seem to be a lot of love and attention that has gone into the categorization.
It could do with more specialisation.
As it is it feels a bit rushed and vague.
The books in the window, for example, appear to be chosen at random, or because they're more likely to sell.
This place has a few boxes of books and other items that make it worth a visit if you're passing by.
One has an assortment of books at 50p each, and an other has CDs and video games.
You may think most of it worthless, but you could just find a gem at a steal if you're lucky.

I love raking through second hand book stores as I'm always on the lookout for new and interesting books to read.
Broughton Street Bookshop is home to hundreds of second hand books from old classics, modern day classics and everything in between.
The guy who was working when I popped in was very helpful and I enjoyed being left to browse to see if there was anything that caught my eye.
I had to chuckle when I saw a selection of Jacqueline Wilson books in the window.
I used to read them when I was younger and I loved them!
They were priced at only £1 each and I was so tempted to buy one but realised that I probably wouldn't read it again and their best left behind in my childhood, nice to see them though.
If you're looking for a new read then give this place a whirl, a great selection at reasonable prices and everything is well organised too.

A fantastic secondhand bookshop!
I love it!
The young chap who runs the place takes considerable pride in his store and carries some really interesting titles which he is more than keen to tell you where & how he came by each one (as every one of his books has it's own story)...in fact every book in there probably has its own book, also in there!
As I said, I love the shop!

