I really like this Sports Authority.
This particular store is very clean and you can easily find what you are looking for.
I came here to purchase a replacement set of workout gloves, since I lost mine a week ago.
They had a nice selection of gloves.
I was able to find the size I was looking for at a very reasonable price.
I also like how well staffed it is.
There were plenty of people to help me find what I was looking for quickly.
Also, I had a few questions on shoes that were on sale and they walked me over to the other side of the store to assist me.
A+ customer service.
Will I return?
Absolutely!

This is one of those big box sports stores that smells athletically like gym rubber and has lots of clean, organized space.
They also have all the latest athletic gimmick wear and gym gadget.
And most of the employees are skinny kids running around folding clothes or communally chatting in the front of the store.
The reason I have a hard on against this store, and others like it, is because the regional purchasing department has their heads up their derrieres when it comes to buying for VEGAS, as opposed to San Diego or Miami.
They don't pay attention to the specifics of our locale.
It is H O T here at least six months of the year.
So what do they do?They have the same two week span of selling women's' swimming wear that the rest of the country has.
So instead of capitalizing the sun and heat advantage, they squander it by moping along to the same pattern as the rest of the country.
And if you ARE going to have national sales, why do you only stock ( in this case camp stoves ) three on your shelf and once they are gone, you don't have any to replace it after only four hours into the sales date?
Hello?!
REI.
Sports Chalet.
Big 5.
There are other options.
Bait and switch doesn't work when the items can be found at places that have a larger selection.
Wait, there's more.
Since when does your target audience fall for the "let's run out of the most popular sizes, and put the rest on sale" and maybe maybe they won't get pissed when they realize the only items in the average sizes are the full priced items.
That and I'm not getting paid to advertise a companies sports wear, so why would I want to wear their logo's?
I'm not under the delusion that all these people sporting Addias or North Face are being sponsored by them.
Why would I want to advertise for free?
Hell, even paying for the privilege, no less.
You'd sell more if you offered better made products for a reasonable price WITHOUT Logo's on them.
Is some entrepreneur taking notes here?
There you have it.
Average box store that forgets it is located in Las Vegas.
Hot, baking, Las Vegas

Trying to find workout shoes without going to the dark side (meadows mall) to Timbuktu (Henderson) or the zoo (Fashion Show Mall) was an adventure.
Famous Footwear failed me.
No local FootLocker.
DSW failed me.
AH HA!
Sports Authority I found a large selection and sizes are all on the floor so no waiting for sales people to run to the back for you.
Very happy with the place and price.

I swung by here to grab some goggles for my in-laws pool while I was visiting.
They were the closest store that sold Speedo goggles which is what I was looking for.
The selection was okay and I walked out with a pair that worked for me.
I'd visit here again if I needed to look for more sporting goods.

My favorite Sports Authority in Las Vegas.
Not the biggest, but the one that I go to the most.
I actually prefer Sports Authority over other sport goods.
Why?
Well, it's because of all the deals.
-Rewards:  Spend a little dough and you get coupons in the mail all the time.
It's not uncommon for me to buy $50+ in merchandise and spend less than $10 out of my own pocket.
-Check In Deals:  Check in and you get $10 off purchases over $50.
This store is clean and the staff is always willing to assist.
I find it ironic that I can find Under Armour, Nike, and Adidas athletic wear here over the actual stores.
Plus, it's cheaper here due to advertised deals.
I don't always find what I'm looking for when I stop at a Sports Authority, but that doesn't stop me paying them a visit at least once a month.
PS:  My last big purchase here was a stationary bike about 5 months ago.
Great price and perfect clothes rack.

This chain is always a reliable go-to when I need some apparel that's on sale.
One of my employers is a running store, so I have the advantage of getting most of my gear at a steep discount, but when I'm in a pinch and can't wait for an order to come in the mail, I just drive over to this Sports Authority and can usually find what I'm looking for.
Case in point:  I needed a white outfit for the Color Run 5K, but I didn't want to spend a grip because the clothes would probably only be used once after being splashed with paint.
I found some white shorts in the guys' section and a white hoodie in the gals' and only spent $25 for both--I was happy with that.
There's also a Yelp deal where you can get $10 off purchases of $50, so that's nothing to sneeze at, either.
Now I just have to see what the Color Run outfit will look like after I try to wash the color out of it...

I like the sports authority.
some people are all about dicks sporting goods and REI and dont get me wrong i love those places too.
but really c'mon every time i go do TSA and check in on yelp i get a $10 off coupon!!!
#WINNING!
not a whole lot of sports stores in Nevada period but im a fan of TSA for sure!

This is a really nice store.
I had never been in there and just popped in when I had some shopping to do at a neighboring store.
Good thing too, because I actually found a few things my husband has been looking for and hadn't had any luck finding in his recent searches.
The store is huge and has a lot of stuff to look at.
It is almost overwhelming, but is saved by each individual sports section being labelled so you can head to cycling without having to search through football to get there.
The store itself also flows nicely.
Some sporting good stores seem to cramped and just stuffed full of everything you can think of.
This store is laid out nicely and you don't feel like you are on the show Hoarders.
The also stock a lot of different sizes.
My husband is 6'4", so finding clothing items for him can be a challenge.
This store had sizes from XS (I wish) up to XXL,  as well as petite and tall sizes in both mens and womens, in the areas I was looking.
It is a nice change from many stores that only have the smaller sizes.
Chubby people like my family play sports too you know!
The only down side was that there wasn't many people working the floor.
I had a question about an item, but I couldn't find anyone to ask for help because the only 3 people I saw were helping others.
I waited for help and eventually got some, but for a store as big as this one, I would have thought there would have been at least 3 more people on the floor for customer service assistance.
It was the same at the check out area.
There were only 2 cashiers with a line of about 6 people ahead of me when i got up there.
It moved slow, but the cashier I had was very apologetic of the wait, as well as happy, so that made it a nice note to end on.
Overall, good store and we will be back for more stuff in the future.

Staff didn't know what they had in stock.
Thankfully, we found what we needed despite them.
Needs more dressing room space.
The store wasn't very crowded, but we couldn't get in to have our kids try things on.
Customer service person seemed perplexed when I showed her my Yelp check-in offer.
But another customer service rep was able to help us quickly and get us taken care of.
Kudos to her!
The staff was relatively friendly, although I did overhear a cashier telling a customer that one of the staff members wasn't there yet, but "he's ALWAYS late, so he should be here soon.
"  Hmmm...not too professional.
Over-all, they have great stuff.
Relatively good prices for the items they carry, and I was super stoked to use my Yelp check-in offer today for my kids swim gear.
Over-all, Sports Authority gets good marks.
Bathroom was clean as well.
Not something you usually see in a store, and it says a lot about how the staff maintains things.
Store was clean, pristine and well organized.
So kudos for that.
Major kudos.

I don't know if it's just me, but this location seems smaller and much gloomier than other locations I've been to, although this is the only one I've been to in Vegas.
There also is not enough staff around the store, which explains why no one is shopping here...how do they expect to sell anything without staff?
I walked in here to kill some time while waiting to meet someone for dinner nearby, but it makes me not want to come back to shop because of how empty/gloomy it looked

Used to prefer Sports Authority to Sport Chalet, but not anymore.
They had a major lack of adult baseball gear, which was a bummer since I drove 20 minutes just to go to SA....I hit Sport Chalet on my way home and got every thing I needed!

This is an okay stop for fitness gear and shoes.
It's not my preferred place, but this city doesn't seem to have the Academy chain.
This is one of those places were most essential fitness gear is overpriced, due to the brands carried: $75 for leggings, $25 for a "work out tee", that sort of thing.
I don't think I saw a single garment in the yoga section for under $30, and even the "clearance" items seemed to start at $25.
There are bargains to be had in the shoes department- $40 for KSwiss tennis, $50 for New Balance, and a larger selection of wide-fit shoes in the men's department than some other nearby shoe stores that I won't name.... That being said, the shoe selection is surprisingly limited: maybe ten pair max designated "tennis" shoes, a mediocre-at-best women's selection in general, that sort of thing.
Extra star for their Yelp check in special: $10 off $50 or more with check in.
And they didn't even check it off of my phone either, so saving for another day just in case.

