If you're looking for an authentic yoga practice, this is your sanga - your yoga family.
Every class Dave or Cheryl teach is mixed with Sanskrit, chant and yoga philosophy.
It's never just about the poses.
They will strike your interest in a complete yoga practice - practicing all eight limbs of yoga.
I have learned so much from them - after only 2 years of yoga I am now learning the Sanskrit language, teaching yoga, chanting in Sanskrit and my practice is amazing.
All thanks to them for opening the doors to what an authentic yoga practice should be.

Cheryl and Dave are really nice people.
I showed up a complete novice and they really helped me along.
It would have been very easy for them to get rid of me or not bother as they are experts in their field.
Most people going there are very good but they accepted me as a true beginner and made me feel welcome.
They change it up once in awhile and they are starting to get other teachers in so there is a nice change of pace, it isn't always the same thing.
I highly recommend.

Dave at Dave's Ashtanga is the best yoga teacher.
He is kind, considerate, patient and a very nice person.
He will take the time to show you a yoga move or asana.
He is very knowledgeable about different subjects.
What I like best is once he said, "here you can do nothing wrong.

I have recently started going to Dave's Astanga Yoga for Yoga Teacher Training.
I am so happy that I made the decision to attend Dave's studio.
The owners, Dave & Cheryl, are kind, hands-on, and really care about the students.
I feel very welcome and experience an amazing energy from those around me.
They've done a great job of creating a culture that embraces all levels and I am confident that the knowledge I'm gaining from them will take me to the next level in my practice.

If you want a real yoga studio go here!

I am currently getting my 200-hour yoga teacher certification at this studio.
Dave and Cheryl are amazing and treat you like family - the energy in this place is amazing.
They are patient and help you ease into poses instead of popping up into them incorrectly.
Also, fellow student are amazing there as well - they are willing to help newer students (like myself) learn the sequences and adjust us correctly into the positions.
I can't say enough amazing things about this place.
Whether you're in new to yoga, in teacher training or seriously advanced in your practice, this place will be your new yoga home.

Dave and Cheryl are seriously the nicest yogis in the valley.
Very down to earth, extremely smart (Cheryl's intelligence just blows me away!
) and very kind and caring.
The yoga here is astanga yoga so tons of headstands and stuff like that.
Not really flow style which is what is found at most studios in the valley.
The studio itself is very simple.
Nothing fancy.
Definitely not pretentious.
Just a very welcoming place for those interested in yoga.
It's $15 dropped in base on the honest system.
Just drop in your cash in the bucket and you're good to go.
Should mention that they don't take credit cards.
If you have the opportunity to take a class here please do so!
They do have a yoga teacher training program which is said to be the best in the entire southwest united states.

