I try to avoid post offices because of their long lines.
That happened again today, but I was prepared.
I bypassed the line and went to the do-it yourself package meter and was out of here in a matter of minutes.
Still, if I can print postage at home and just drop a package off at a nearby mailing center, I'm happier.
I have to give the Postal Service two thumbs up for adding these machines.

Holy crap do I hate the post office.
This location was just as bad as every other location.
For some reason they don't sell pre-stamped envelopes unless you talk to someone behind the counter which is positively life tilting.
I had to wait in a 30 minute line with a bunch of miserable drones to send a simple letter.
I'm 100% convinced that the Post Office system is broken and in the very near future all places like this will be obsolete.
I really pray that I am right so I don't have to wait in any lines and hate my fellow humans any more than I already do.

I will use this post office every once in a while.
The location is conveniently located near my house, so I stop by when I'm out running errands.
Unless it's the holiday season, the lines usually aren't too bad and the service I've received here has been decent.
I like the long drive thru drop off area in the front.
I use that 98% of the time I'm here instead of the lobby drop box.
However, if I need to use the full service windows, there's always adequate parking in the front.
Return Factor - 80%

Seriously!?
There were only 2 employees working the inside!!
Oyy!!
There had a line like 12 deep!!
All I wanted were to buy some postcard stamps!!
So I sat there looking at the line and was like "eff this!
" I used the post machine instead...  WRONG MOVE!
I went to buy the stamps and of course they offered a book of 12 stamps (for letters) and then the option to purchase "other" stamps... little did I know it was the name your price stamps.
I had no clue how much a stupid postcard stamp costs!
So I was like ahhh!!!
I decided to stand in line with the ppl who were picking up their mail.
There I stood, sweating balls just to ask how much a stamp costs!
Geezo!
Well 15 mins later and no movement I just went off what Google said and went back to mr. post machine...
I finally got my weirdly printed stamps and left, still sweating balls!

This office always seems to have a line, which would be a problem in the age before the Automated mail robot that weighs and stamps out postage.
That machine never seems to have a line, which is odd to me because 95% of my postal concerns work with the APC to ship out boxes and such right next to it in the big pull-down bin.
So... if you're in need of a passport, and must stand in line, then yeah, there's a wait.
If you're just doing in-out drops, way easy and fine.

I love the idea of getting mail and packages in the mail.
I even love the old-fashioned idea of the U.S.
Postal Service and feel sorry for their slow extinction.
I don't love the idea of having to pick up packages in person from this station.
The line is always long and the service S.L.O.W.
They have a separate pick-up only window that is rarely open or staffed, so you usually have to wait in line with everyone else doing paid transactions.
The staff seems to have no motivation to be helpful or move quickly - they just plod unhappily along.
Post Office Purgatory!

It was totally packed, all I needed was a passport application and to send a package to my friend!
Got both done fairly fast and painless.
Its the customers,not the employees that make this place miserable.

There's almost always a line out the door at this post office.
It is what it is.
Only go here if you absolutely have to.
Otherwise try the Automated Postal Center at Albertson's.... you can get most things done without waiting for slow humans.

It is what it is!
It is still cheaper to mail stuff here than it is with UPS and FedEx, so they are doing something right!
This post office is ok.
It is big and has a lot of room to wait in line, which you will be doing, which makes the wait in line a little better.
It makes it less claustrophobic like many of the older locations around town where you feel like you are in a cattle car.
There is always a line here though, no matter what time of day you come., so always give yourself some extra time when you stop by.
They never have all of the windows open for some reason, which slows everything down.
They also recently removed the stamp machine, so now everyone needing stamps have to wait in line as well, which also adds to the line length.
There is a self service machine for mailing smaller, regular packages, which is really quite nice.
You can get in and out quickly if you don't need to talk to a desk agent.
This is a huge plus for me, since I rarely need a desk agent.
I am a DIY kinda girl, so I just love it!
Another plus is the huge parking lot.
The post office by my mom has about 15 spots, so having 100 or so is nice, especially if you are mailing a lot of items.
Overall, it is a decent location.

I almost never use the human part.
Only the PO boxes.
For that, it is great!
24 hour a day access, it is air conditioned, so if I drove the Miata in the heat of the day, I could chill at one of the tables.
When it gets busy (like tax season) they park a special postal truck out front to take your mail.
Never used that, but it seems smart.
The drive up boxes are situated in such a way as to not interfere with post office traffic, too much.
Access from the south is a bit sketchy if you try to pull in, though.
Off  Tenaya going northbound, oncoming left-turn traffic is a head-on affair: Lets play post office chicken!
Anywho, it's a full service post office that has all the regular features: long lines, not enough clerks, horrible drivers in the parking lot.
On the upside, it is close to a hospital & a huge school zone!

The wait is usually a few people deep, but the clerk helped me out by GIVING me a correct size box to save over half on my shipment.
Customer service surprise!
Who knows how much longer a National Postal Agency will even be necessary?
And that's sad to me.
But it was been a wonderful few centuries since ol Ben Franklin first started the USPS.
But in this age of email and twitter it's nice to receive a little piece of someone's time and love, personally delivered to your door for less than .50 cents.
I need to write more letters...

It's bad.
I understand lots of people need to send packages or apply for passports but it seems like no matter what time of day you go the wait in line sucks!
I have waited anywhere from 10-50min just to send a mailer envelope.
They often only have one or two people behind the desk and they are pretty darn slow.
Also had an issue when I first moved to vegas.
I sent about 12 boxes through the postal service all the same size and weight yet they only delivered a handful of them directly to my apartment complex.
The rest arrived and I had to go to the post office to pick them up (doesn't make any sense!).
The ones that arrived to my complex did so over several days.
Just a pain during an already stressful time.
If you can avoid this location...do.

They open at 8:30.
Tricky for us early birds in need of sending a package on the way to work.
lol

I always hate going to this post office.
In all the times I've been there, only once has the line not stretched out the door.
Some of the staff are all right, while others are rather dead-eyed and not at all helpful.
This review, however, will focus on events from the past 2 weeks.
My husband and I have been trying to get our stolen passports renewed.
Last week, after waiting for an hour, I was told that the birth certificate I've had for 31 years was not acceptable for renewing a stolen passport.
Steve, who is the supply clerk and also in charge of passports, told us that all our other paperwork was in order, but that I would need to get a new birth certificate.
I went online, expedited the birth certificate from my state of birth, and received it in the mail this past week.
My husband and I went back to the post office yesterday (a Monday) to try again, and found out that, despite the fact that the website says 9am, the Tenaya post office will only start processing passport applications after 10am.
We waited about an hour and a half, and finally got brought into the area where they do passports.
Steve was our clerk again, and he kept nit-picking every little detail on our forms, even though he was the one who looked at them last week and said they were okay aside from my birth certificate.
He was literally going over our signatures and photos with a MAGNIFYING GLASS.
He even made my husband write his signature several times to get close enough to the one on his driver's license.
And the special passport photos I had taken at Walgreens were apparently unacceptable (good ol' Steve said my head was too small in them), so we pointed out that last week they had been fine.
So he tried to play the nice guy, saying, "well, we're not supposed to do this here, but I'll retake your photo and make sure it fits the specifications..." Meanwhile they had a camera and white background all ready for passport photos, so he was clearly lying about that.
The whole time he was scrutinizing our paperwork, he kept stopping to try and make small talk and give us his wonderful, worldly advice, rather than doing his job.
As we were leaving his office to go out front and pay, he gloated to us that he'd killed enough time before his lunch break that he wouldn't have to take any more passport applicants until 1pm.
He gleefully told the poor people who had been waiting in line behind us that they'd have to come back an hour later.
Because, you know, it's not like people have jobs and have to take time off work to do things like this or anything.

This one is usually busy by day so we avoid this during that time.
There are other USPS that aren't this crazy.
It is conveniently off the freeway and on the way home so sometimes we have to come here afterhours to use the kiosks.
You'd think that would be quick and painless but somehow it's been even more inconvenient.
Don't think you'll get ahead by putting anything in the dropbox the night of a government holiday.
Apparently they lock the box!
Boo!
Of course going the day after a weekday holiday it's a bit busier than usual.
Don't make that mistake - we surely won't again!
So we go that night.... the kiosk to pay was having technical difficulties to process payment so we sat there waiting to see if it would go through or time out - for 5 minutes.
Then figured maybe to try a credit than debit but the machine then says it's temporarily down, doing some sort of service update or whatever.
We went to go eat, and then came back to check if maybe it was done.... Ugh.
This was the 2nd and 3rd fiasco here trying to ship afterhours when it's supposed to be wait free and pain free.
Bad luck perhaps?
But still shitty enough to create a bad romance with the USPS that I never had before.
We might use flat rate boxes and print out the postage ourselves online.
It shouldn't be this difficult to use a automated kiosk specially since this will be a rather frequent thing shipping cigars around.

The community mailbox parcel box key has stopped working; none of us in the neighborhood can open it, and we all dread receiving packages because it sometimes takes weeks until we can actually get our stuff.
My actual mailbox key opens just fine, it's just the parcel box key that doesn't work.
I tried to speak with my postal carrier, who gleefully waved and sped off as I tried to ask her for help.
I called the Redrock post office to request maintenance and I spoke twice with someone named Steve, who was one of the nastiest, most awful people I have encountered.
He said that my best bet was to wait around for my postal carrier to teach me how to open a lock.
He refused to take a maintenance request.
When I asked to speak with his supervisor, he said, "Oh honey, I am the supervisor of the whole damn post office.
I'm the post master general.
" And then he hung up.
Um... okay.
So how am I supposed to get my package?

Usps is the same everywhere, long lines and   Your never quite sure if your posting the right way.
Been coming to this place every other time my local usps is closed.
Every time I've been here it's busy, it doesn't matter what time of day.
The staff here are friendly and can be pretty fast once you finally get to the counter.
It is what it is

So I called this number to see if someone behind the desk would answer.
This number goes no where but to some employee hotline for the post office.
It was 3min till 3pm and of course they close at 3 on sat.
So thinking maybe a person would answer and she a little kindness to stay open for 5mim.
But nope!
Only ppl there give a shit about their own self interest and not be just a lil kind.
Fuckers karma a bitch...

The Post Office: The most inefficient, uncomfortable, stale, geriatric business in the world.
2 window clerks to help 9000 people in line   Turn on some tunes and liven up the place a little and add a couple more people behind the desk, something.
Maybe if they copied the UPS or Fedex business model they might be doing a little better.

This past Monday I went to the post office by myself for the first time and didn't know what to expect.
I heard that the post office is a whole day experience full of long lines, rude clerks, and unclear directions.
Well, the line did start from one of the three clerks and wrapped around the room.
When I walked in I found the envelopes relatively easy to find and one clerk was actually walking around to help anyone with any question which was a pleasant surprise because I was completely clueless on what I needed to do with my letter or which envelope to even use.
When waiting in line, I had able time to fill out my envelope and ask any last minute questions.
When I got to the clerk I felt a bit rushed but understandably so because of the amount of other customers.
All in all it's the post office and I know I'm going to have to stop by there many more times, so I wouldn't mind stopping by this one for those future visits.

