We ordered a large 1/2 pepperoni and 1/2 sausage, mushroom, and onion pizza with the 20 wings special that was advertised in a flyer for $20.99 delivered to my house.
The girl that answered the phone said that the coupon was only good for a 2 item pizza.
I said that since I was only getting 4 half ingredients that it would be equal to 2 whole ingredients, she said cool.
The pizza was delivered before the promised time of 45 min.
When delivered it was hot and fresh.
They use fresh mushrooms instead of canned mushrooms which beats a lot of places around here (Luckys Pizza, Rays Pizza, Grande Pizza, Fuzzy's pizza.).
The crust was in between a thick crust pan pizza and a thin crust pizza.
It was flavorful and almost a little buttery.
The sauce was the perfect ratio to cheese, unlike Rosati's which tends to use way too much sauce for a thin crust pizza.
The cheese was good and not too thick.
The pepperoni was the the big slices like the slicing pepperoni that Boarshead carries.
The Italian sausage was flavorful and not dry for being a sliced link sausage.
The onion and mushrooms were fresh and tasty.
The wings were good but some of them weren't tossed and covered in sauce.
All in all Cousin Vinnys did a great job.
Since I make pizzas I am quite critical of the ones I get delivered.
I am glad we ordered and will definitely order again.

Went there with family of 5 unfortunately they only have smaller round tables had to put 2 together worked but still awkward.
Service kind of harried.
I ordered a Full Greek salad for $8.95  I received what I would consider a free throw in salad at most places, tiny and basic dressing was ok.  Had Fettuccine Alfredo watery and flavorless.
Calzone was good.
Pizza was dry, crust was not fluffy or flaky more cardboard like.
To many better choices in the neighborhood.

Having had homemade sicillian style pizza every friday night at my grandmothers for 20 years straight, it's easy to see how I could get "pizza'd out.
" Now this is quite a problem for me, as my husband loves pizza almost as much as he loves me.
So any place that has other options for me to enjoy instead rates high on my list, but this place only gets better.
Breadsticks are light, fluffy and flavorful.
Pizza was delicious.
But I had the personalized calzone.
Procuitto, bacon, salami, gorgonzola, ricotta and mozzerella.
HEAVEN!
Perfectly cooked.
Crisp crust.
Service was a little off, but this place is new and has very few kinks to work out.
What they lacked in polish, they made up for in desire to please and effort.
Great place and will be going back often!

Spinach Tortellini with alfredo sauce was quite delicious, as well as the Four Cheese Pizza.
Cheese on this pizza was quite thick, almost a chore to cut and serve with the spatula.
Crust is golden, chewy overall, and rather medium in thickness.
Clean & new place with newer furniture, and plenty of round tables.
Server was prompt and polite, and was helpful with menu selections.
Prices were fair.
I wish the tables were bigger.
The little round ones are simply inadequate for 4 people, and really the pizza should be served on one of those elevated pizza holders.
There's just no room.
Draft selection was poor as well with Anheuser-Busch/InBev products only.
Nice quiet lunch spot on weekdays.

We eat a Cousin Vinny's anytime we are in Peoria visiting family.
The pizza is always delicious and the service is great too.
Plus, we were able to sit on the patio with our dog.
We entered using the gate on the side and of course our dog knows his manners at a restaurant.

I had the seafood salad.
It seemed a little small to me.
My wife had Tortellini Alfredo it was much better than the seafood salad.

Terrible service and the meet ball sandwich had the frozen meet balls that werent quite thawed when i was served.
The server even told us not to order their soup since she thought it wasn't very good.
Will NEVER go back!
Awful!

Often times when you get takeout pizza, it doesn't stay as well as it would have if you eat there so keep that in mind with this review.
The pizza was good, but a bit doughy.
The ingredients were fresh, but for some reason lacked "pizzazz".
We will eat there again for a change of pace, but it is probably our 3rd or 4th favorite pizza place in the area.

Received a flyer on my door advertising this restaurant so we decided to order delivery.
When I called to place the order they were OUT OF PIZZA DOUGH.
Are you kidding me, a pizza place without pizza dough?
We had to order something else besides what we wanted.
Since I had never tried this restaurant I was open to their menu and had no preconceived ideas of what to expect.
It took an hour for the delivery, the food was only OK, and the price was expensive for what we received.
On top of that there was a delivery charge that was not disclosed at the time of placing the order.

This place seems to be honest and offer good gift certificates for a good price but if you have they they are here to mislead a customer laugh and hang upon as you are speaking to them.
This is what they did to my daughter and her friend  when I asked to speak to manager he refused to give his name and cussed my daughter out by abusive language.
Is this how an restaurant treats customers give me a break.
I actually called the police due to fear for my daughters safety.

I have been to this restaurant 3 times in the past month, and every time I have been very happy with the food and the service.
Their pizza was excellent, the putanesca pasta dish was creamy and their calzones are very tasty.
Great place for lunch or dinner!

Home Made Special Italian Pizza.
Pie was loaded with high-quality & very fresh ingredients.
A large is really a large!
Greek Salad was typical, but good.
Delivery was on-time.

I was really hoping this would be a good place since that location has struggled.
Not so much.
The side of guacamole they gave me was brown all the way around the edges including the sides to the bottom of the container.
This means they packaged this hours if not days before giving to me.
The food was pretty tasteless and looked slopped together.
When I went in to pick it up, I had to search the place for someone to help me even though one of the employees was up front when I arrived but walked to the side of the building.
I will not be back.

We went here for lunch last Thursday.
The posted hours say they open at 11AM.
Guess again.
We were outside the restaurant at 11:10 and it still wasn't open.
One of us called them - we could hear the phone ringing inside.
The man who answered said he would open the door but he didn't have any servers.
Then he hung up  while she was still talking.
He opened the door and said "You can come in, but my servers aren't here yet.
" We asked when they might be arriving and he said soon.
My friend said "You hung up on me.
I was still talking to you.
" He muttered that he was trying to open the door and he walked away.
We sat down and one of us went to get us menus.
He went somewhere and never came back.
At around 11:20, we 5 decided we could go to another restaurant that really wanted our business and left.
Good luck folks!!!!

My wife and I went here for dinner.
I love pizza and am very picky.
I have to say we both really enjoyed our pizza.
We also ordered the four (4) cheese backed Spaghetti.
Now I never order or eat spaghetti because I really do not care for it.
BUT WOW this was GREAT!!
I someone who don't care for Spaghetti really enjoyed this meal.
The only down side was there garlic bread it tasted like they used butter flavored Pam with garlic.
Now they do give you free bread for dinning inn that was very good.
The service was good.
I agree with others I wish the tables were a little bigger and they used the trays to left the pizza pan off the table to give you more room since the tables are very tight.
We will be back for sure this food was some of the best we have had in a while and beyond the best Spaghetti I have ever had.

I have to say that today Cousin Vinny's really let me down!!!
I placed a order for delivery as I have done in the past without any issue but for some reason I guess I am not in there delivery area.
Funny I was a few weeks ago but today I am not.
The lady who called me back was very rude when I told her I could not pick it up she hung up on me!!!
Wow I can not believe this I have ate there more then 50-60 times.
Then to be treated like this.
I mean if they delivered here before the should of called and said they can deliver here this time but in the future I will have to pick it up.
Then just hang up on me WOW!!!

This was my first time trying Cousin Vinny.
I wanted to try something other than a chain for pizza and pasta.
I try to support local establishments when possible however I will not pay a return visit when I have a bad experience.
We ordered a regular pepperoni pizza, quattro formaggio pasta, and a caprese salad.
My  fiance and I loved everything we ordered.
The quattro formaggio was excellent, the pizza was great, and the caprese salad was very good as well.
This is one local establishment that I will visit again.
I'm not sure if the other people caught the service staff on an off day but I found the staff to be incredibly friendly when we went to pick up our order.

If Stouffer's lasagna out of a box covered with a cheap piece of Mozzarella cheese on top is what you are looking for, then Cousin Vinny's is the place for you.
I take lunch size portions of the Stouffer's lasagna to work about twice a week and I know when I'm eating it.
I called them out on it and got a sarcastic "Thanks for coming In"  comment by two obviously very busted deer in headlights.
I don't know what the odds are, but good old Cousin Vinny seems to have broken the highly protected Stouffer's recipe finally or he is scamming his clients into thinking they are eating homemade lasagna when it really comes out of frozen box.
I am curious if this is even legal.
I damn sure know it isn't ethical!
I must tell you that not once did either of the two employees deny it or call out the short order cook preparing the gourmet grub to defend the place's honor.
Charged me $9.95 for a piece when I know they bought the entire sheet of it for $12.95 at Fry's.
It's a damn good profit margin once, but it will only be once from my wallet.
Ordered a soup to go with my meal and guess which came first?
You got it!
The fake food got to me before the cold store bought soup did.
Wait!
I should take that back.
I actually enjoy store bought soup.
This barley farley whatever it was they served, just plained sucked.
I knew things were off when I was served what I was served, but I also saw another red flag pop up when the server had to make change from her purse as there wasn't enough money in the register to do it.
I should be careful not to jump to conclusions about that as they may have just removed a bunch of cash out their till in order to catch all the Black Friday deals Fry's and Albertsons are offering in their frozen food sections.
One last thing!
If you are a server who rolls and smokes her own camel regulars, please run home and take a shower prior to serving your guests.
Stinky food, Stinky service, Stinky servers!
Big old yuck from me all the way around.

for some reason my post has been removed......read on and see why they would of removed it

Meh...it's just ok at this point.
Perhaps the problem is that I've never actually gone into the place.
I received the whole menu through the mail and I was intrigued so I went on the website and I've ordered from their a handful of times.
Each time I try something new to get some variety.
Their crab dip was...questionable.
I tasted fishier than it should have.
The calzones are pretty good...not enought filling though.
I tried their spaghetti bake and it was good but too much sauce even though I specified light sauce.
It's good but there always seems to be something off about it.
I'll try going in next time so they can redeem themselves!

WOW!!!
If you have any taste, these guys rock... My wife and I like to order delivery once in awhile and it never fails, COUSIN VINNY comes up everytime...
The Rosemary Chicken Ravioli Alfredo is to die for.
(Extra alfredo sauce) Sometimes they take a little longer than some but it is worth the wait.
Give them a chance and you wont be dissapointed!

Cousin Vinny serves up some good Italian.
I've had the tortellini and the five-cheese spaghetti bake (with added chicken), and both dishes were phenomenal.
Other than Oregano's, you'd be hard pressed to find great Italian food at these prices.

We just moved into our new house in Peoria so we thought we would check these guys out (we hadn't unpacked our kitchen yet).
We tried the oven baked Turkey Sub and Chicken Parmesan sub first.
Then a couple of nights later we got Pizza on their Monday special (BOGO free).
Both were very good.
The bread on the subs was excellente!
Also, delivery time was quicker than expected.
Looking forward to try new things.

It's not quite a pan pizza or deep dish, but Vinny's is a pie with sturdy crust.
It has to be, to support all the goodness that gets tossed on it.
I had tried their Sicilian pizza...and it's not something you wanna have before a date.
Whole cloves of garlic were baked into the toppings.
There were also thick, generous slices of tomato, pepperoni, sausage, and olive.
The cheese was quality stuff, and I didn't take a bite out of my meal that I didn't enjoy.
Two slices of a large and I was done.
This is real food coma material!

We just ordered and had our dinner delivered.
Service was prompt, gal on the phone very good.
My husband ordered the chicken Marsala.
They forgot the Marsala wine.
It was Alfredo sauce, chicken was breaded (Oops...Don't think that is the normal thing for Marsala.
)  They did not have wine in it...You could see and taste that it was missing.
I ordered the Baked Manicotti with meat sauce.
It was burned on the edges..When I cut into it there was hardly any sauce, just pasta and cheese...It was awful.
We also ordered the meatball soup.
It was really good....So bottom line we paid $28.00 for a $2.50 soup.
We both threw out the pasta...I have never seen my husband not eat his pasta....   We have ordered from them before but it was not the pasta.
I called and spoke with a "manager".
She did not appear to give a hoot if it was right or not.
She argued that there was Marsala wine in it....I think the cook is drinking it...

Excellent food.
First discovered from delivery pizza but later came to dine in...even better!
The house salad and mussels are amazing.
Super personable staff too.

Found raw chicken on our daughter's pasta plate after she had already eaten most of it, and I had eaten her garlic bread that was sitting on top of it.
Told the waitress and she didn't even offer to not charge us for our daughter's pasta that we of course couldn't finish.
Praying we don't get food poisoning from it.

Love their pizza and wings.
The atmosphere is very lovely and quaint.
Small family owned  joint.
The work their butts off and are always nice.

