The Bakehouse is a great cafe located on Broughton Street which serves good quality cakes, biscuits, sandwiches as well as hot and cold drinks.
I came here with my mum a few months ago and we were both impressed by the stylish, comfortable decor and the pleasant service.
It looks pretty plush from the outside, but the prices inside are suprisingly reasonable with sandiwhces costing about £3 and most cakes only about £1.50.
I went for a chicken mayonnaise sandwich with a glass of orange juice which was delicious and filling.
My mum had an almond and pear slice which looked - and apparantly tasted - great.
I really couldn't fault this place and although it has a classy feel, its prices are more than affordable.

Looking in from the outside, The Bakehouse is very inviting indeed, the window seats full of plush cushions and it's cosy size make it an excellent place to go for a hot drink or something to eat.
The comfortable window seats had already been taken on my recent visit so I perched myself down on a smaller table closer to the counter.
Seeing as it was freezing outside, I decided to go for a piping hot cup of tea and a tasty lemon drizzle slice.
A few minutes later my tea was brought over to my table on a silver tray and even before I'd tried the tea, I knew it was going to be good.
Instead of using an old tea bag it was brewed with tea leaves and came with a silver saucer of milk, a drainer to drain the leaves and an extra pot of hot water if I wanted anymore tea - excellent!
The little tea set looked very antique and it took me back in time and made me feel like I was visiting some old manor house.
I popped in around three and although there were other people there, it wasn't busy like it usually is so it was enjoyable to sit with my pot of tea, read a magazine and decide what to do with myself for the rest of the afternoon.
I got four cups of tea out of my teapot and it was only £2.80!
I couldn't believe it when I paid and realised how cheap it was.
If you're looking for a relaxed place to sit then try The Bakehouse, whether you're looking for a drink or something to eat you will be spoilt for choice.
The cakes are delicious, the soups look amazing and everything is made with the freshest ingredients.
Definitely worth a visit!

I sought shelter in here today after my work closed due to the weather and the snow decided to up it a notch as I was on my way home.
The sandwiches we ordered (salami with mozzarella and pesto, and brie with tomato and chutney) were very tasty.
Definitely, very tasty.
However, we were disappointed that on a snowy day they were out of soup - rather, that they hadn't taken enough out of the freezer.
It seems a bit of a given that soup would be number one on everyone's list of wants on a day where the city grinds to a halt because of three inches of snow.
We were also unimpressed with the pricing.
I understand that rent can't be cheap on Broughton St but 4.50 for a sandwich in a cafe feels a bit steep.
Maybe I'm being cheap?
Their takeaway sandwiches were 3.00 - so two lettuce leaves with three slices of cucumber cost 1.50?
They also charge 3.50 for sit-in toast with butter and jam.
3.50 for toast, seriously?
As I said, I did like the food and the decor was cute....
I just didn't walk away feeling like there was anything special about the Bakehouse.

We had breakfast here and I cannot say enough about how nice the service was.
I ordered a sausage roll, and being American, I wasn't sure of the proper accompaniments to order (I was offered ketchup or 'brown sauce.
')  I am one of the few Americans who dislikes ketchup, and I just had a bad feeling about that brown sauce.
So I asked the gentlemen if it might be OK to have mustard ... or was that a horrible foreigner faux-pas, and he replied with a kind little smile, 'well, I surely don't mind and I won't tell anyone.
'  I had the nicest cup of tea I had in Edinburgh to accompany my foreign-faux-pas mustarded sausage roll.
I really liked this place a lot.

Very friendly, warm atmosphere.
Excellent coffee.
Carrot and coriander soup very good.
Breakfast sausage sandwich simple but tasty.

Fantastic almond croissant !
Really nice chilled out place - worth popping in if in the area

