Ok place, a bit small and old for the cost we paid (2005-2007).
Definitely needed appliances replaced, as they seemed to be around 15-20 years old.
Management was nice, but if we called in a noise complaint it took a long time to get settled.

I get a discount from my employer to work with Camden properties.
It means that I don't have to pay a deposit in order to reside with Camden.
After securing my transfer to another apartment, and locking me into that new lease, the property managers invented a charge from "damage" at my old apartment.
I had no way to contest this, since I was already moved out.
I believe they did so in order to make up for the "lack" of deposit that they didn't receive due to my employers benefits.
If you want to work with a company who will smile and schmooze you, and then stab you in the back, this is the one.
I really trusted and believe that they had my interests in mind as a landlord, but apparently, like all corporations, they're only after the all-mighty dollar.
Save yourself the trouble, and find a decently priced apartment in a better location that will not screw you over when they get the chance.

Management was friendly, and the grounds were upkept.
I am in an "upgraded" three bedroom.
Rent is fair.
However, I have a neighbor who is awful with noise, and it never seems to get resolved.
Great place, if your neighbors are decent, but if you need the management to stand by you to get something taken care of with a neighbor, think again.

Run down, cheap apartments.
Water pressure is low, hot water runs out fast, and the gym needs some actual equipment in it...

Friendly staff.
Been telling them for sometime 5 months about the gym equipment being out of calibration, broken or sounding like a howler monkey being molested on one of the ellipticals.
I really wouldn't consider it an amenity if it's rundown and more than 50% of the equipment is broken.
Please note that I will raise the stars and provide an update should they fix the situation with the gym.
Really have no complaints about this place aside from the gym and the dog shit all over the place.
Dropped it down to two stars since I'm not sure the pool ever gets cleaned.
Another amenity fail.
Now I have people that live here asking me for money to feed their kids.
Asked the office and they didn't know what to do.
Basically on my own with that issue.

