Authentic, comfortable bar, with Victorian mahogany gantry; nice selection of beers and spirits, and great atmosphere.

The best aspect of The John Leslie pub, for me, has the be the staff.
They are extremely approachable, friendly and open besides serving you great pints quickly.
The decor also contemporary, yet still manages to retain that feel of a traditional, old pub.
The clinetele are almost all locals and they seem a friendly and eclectic bunch.
This isn't a standard boozer with fruit machines and gassy, frothy pints of cheap lager, but a proper pub with a good atmosphere and a great range of alcohol.
They have a wide range of real ales and beers as well as a decent selection of spirits, including specialist whiskeys from the Highlands.
This a good pub with a hearty atmosphere - well worth a visit.

This is a quintessential old man's pub but is still really good fun.
Despite the fact it is almost entirely populated by old regulars, you don't get that 'local pub for local people' feeling, you know the one where everyone goes silent  and turns around when you walk in so you slowly back out before they gather up their torches and pitch forks.
The old guys in here are all really friendly and with a combined age of well over 1000 they all have stories to tell and are quite happy to tell you them.
That's not to say you will be mobbed by people narrating their life to you, just quite nice that they are a chatty old bunch.
The pub itself is pretty standard really.
It is inoffensive but nothing particularly stands out.
There is a good selection of beers and spirits and it is moderately priced.
If you are a poker fiend but can't really be bothered to trek off to Vegas every week, on Sundays there is a poker night starting at 7.30 with a £5 buy in.
Not quite the same stakes as the huge casinos but it's a bit of a laugh nonetheless

One of my favourite pubs and also my local.
Good selection of beers including real ales.
Redecorated in the past couple of years, it has kept it's traditional style decor.
One slight niggle is that many of the clientele congregate at the bar - but a minor issue.
Worth a visit if you are in Edinburgh.

Great beers on tap.
Very nice decor.
An incredibly friendly owner.
I loved it.
Definitely caters to an older crowd, but I don't see how that's a negative.

The John Leslie has been around since 1896 and it's a gorgeous place, with ornate wood carving everywhere.
It's very much a 'local', filled with older couples and guys on their own.
And its own peculiar quirk is the saloon bar where ladies were served - it only has little hatchways through to the main bar and apparently these used to be closed with curtains.
It's a gorgeous bar, well worth visiting for a look and a pint of real ale.

An unpretentious and welcoming pub, serving a number of real ales and staple grub such as pies.
Pop in to catch the rugby on the tv or just for a relaxing session in pleasant surroundings.

Having explored the premises further it's clear this is one of the city's great untouched bars & that it also has some of the friendliest bar staff and characterful customers to boot.
Simply a great place to go for an ale.

