Came to this Ross on a mission.....to find warm gloves for an upcoming trip to China.
I've been looking for gloves for the past 2 weeks all over town and was in the area, so I stopped by this location.
It was a good thing I did.
I was able to find the gloves section easily and lo and behold....found a pair that I not only liked, but were a perfect fit too!
And to score them for $9.99 made it even better.
I hate the cold and will probably never wear these gloves again....once I return from my trip, they'll end up in the donation bag.
The really bad thing about all Ross Stores is the line at the cash register....it's always a disaster.
This Ross is no different than the others, it was a mess....however the cashier was very competent and fast, so it made up for it.
Will I return?
I'm sure I will someday.

iT'S  OKAY.
We did not buy anything due to the long lines!
What a waste of time!
Not a good shoe selection!

Cashier name Martha was rude to people who don't speak spanish.
Waited forever in line at the cash register for her to finish her girly chit chat with a latin lady in front of me.
Timed her too.
From beginning to end of their interaction, 12 minutes.
Interaction with me, 2-4 mins (rude remarks included).
I don't plan to make a tent and camp out at register, but this lady just won't shut up and take care of her other guests.

Ross is good for some things, like... super cheap crystal soap dispensers ($1.99 on clearance), metal toothbrush holders ($3), a butter dish ($3), and a bunch of other junk that you just don't feel like paying full price for.
A butter dish will hold your butter the same way whether you got it from Ross or Williams Sonoma.
I'll sometimes also come to scope out their shoe section for cute Steve Maddens, but I have yet to find a pair worthy of purchase.
Their toys are abundant, especially if you have little boys that love super heroes.
There are action figures, puzzles, and legos galore.
Their furniture section is limited but often stocked with a couple of pieces I wouldn't mind having in my home i.e.
brown storage ottoman with gold studded details, I'm coming for you.
They even have an as seen on TV section where I saw shoes under, that shoe organizer that you put under your bed for $6.
Downsides are: I will not dig for clothes here as they're often gaudy and unorganized, the lines could take forever, and the people aren't very pleasant, but I don't care as they're currently closer than Homegoods.

I love ross, it's a thrift type store.
You NEVER know what you're gonna find in here.
The prices are great and you can find some very nice clothing or kitchen stuff in here.
You gotta come back often because their products change all the time.
You definitely get name brand high end stuff here especially shirts or ties for a fraction of the price.
A little of the problem here is even though you can find good clothes here and stuff, their shelves and racks lately have been VERY empty.
It looks like they are ready to go out of business (which I hope isn't the case)     However checking out can take a while, there is always a line, never enough cashiers.
I hope they start to fill up their shelves, it's disappointing lately.

Just like every other Ross, this place is a hit-or-miss for clothing, furniture, and other random odds-and-ends.
At this location and on this last visit, I got lucky and found storage ottomans that I'd been seeking for months!
My praise goes to Jacob and Javier who went above and beyond in customer service when they took the storage ottomans (these things are as long as a queen bed is wide) from the back corner of the store to the cash register and then loaded them up in the back of my car.
Big, big thanks to these guys!

Saturday was my fist visit to this Ross location.
Pretty standard for Ross.
Ok hit or miss selection of clothing.
I did well this trip.
I found a nice, cozy well fitting grey sweater for work.
(new policy makes me cover my tattoos, so I need sweaters for ALL year long) My friend found a nice, cheap, button up dress shirt.
I also got a great set of bedsheets for under $30.
Staff was friendly, and the store was clean.

