Great day out for the kids.
Petting pool where you can stroke a starfish.
Lots of weird looking fish, which after all, is why you go.
The walkway that takes you round a plastic tunnel where you're feet away from rather large sharks sounds corny, but the kids loved it, and I have to admit to a bit of a shiver being so close to these fearsome beasties.
We went round three times.
If it's someone's birthday you can get their name on the birthday board under the water, which you can see as you go round, and Charlie the clownfish might bring you your cake!
Not cheap, but a lot of fun and you could spend quite some time here.

Provided you go when it's quiet, it makes a worthwhile visit, especially for kids.
Apart from the sharks etc.
where else can you actually stroke a starfish?
But warning, eat before going, or find somewhere else nearby.
The cafe is simply atrocious.
Get this, their "Fresh and Healthy" menu for children includes not only "Walkers" (where would we be without branding?
) crisps but also Pringles!
(Clue to catering manager: Pringles are only 42% potato - the rest is pure artery-clogging fat, plus loads of salt, and other additives.
They're basically slob-rearing child-abuse in a tube.
) That's just an example.
I had fish and chips, and (yeah, ironic for a sealife specialist, huh!
) the fish was of course cheapo frozen factory fish almost lost inside the greasy batter.
My partner had a cheese-and-tomato panini that had a thin slice of industrial cheese inside bread that was so wet along one side it was falling apart it was so soggy.
Truly disgusting.
They presumably just assume they have a captive audience and simply don't care.
So be warned.
DO NOT eat there.
Avoid avoid avoid.
Is that clear enough?
Oh, and their car parking spaces are far too narrow for anyone with a child seat.
Again, this says much about the money-grabbing "pack 'em in and grab their cash" mentality that seems to drive this place, given that so many of their customers have kids.

Deep Sea World is a great day out for all the family.
I came here with my friend and her two little cousins a few years ago and they were fascinated by everything, I've never seen them so well behaved.
They even saw a bit of seaweed move and ended up mesmerised by it for ages.
They were also huge fans of Finding Nemo and started screaming at the top of their voices when they were faced with Nemo in the flesh living it up in his Coral Reef.
There are also plenty of sharks to marvel at and you can even dive with sharks...
I don't know if I fancy that though.
My personal favourite underwater critters are stingrays and was pleased when I saw a good few swimming around.
Tickets are rather pricey, £12 adults and £8.25 but it's an excellent day out and there's so much to see and do and it's only a 20 min drive from Edinburgh city centre.

I love zoos, aquariums and the like, and Deep Sea World is a good addition to Edinburgh's Wildlife Attractions.
Found in North Queensferry, about 20 minutes out of Edinburgh on the train, it boasts the longest underwater tunnel in Europe and plenty of other tanks.
Quite expensive for the size, it's not too big but at £12 it's not going to break the bank (£10.25 for students and £8.25 for under 14s).
Upon entering you have numerous different tanks showing marine life across the globe.
There is an amazonian one with piranhas, a tropical one with all the bright multi-coloured fish you could hope for, and a small reptile and amphibian section.
There are also open top pools where you can touch starfish and the like.
Outside is a little depressing, as they have a seal enclosure but it is tiny, with no decoration on it at all.
It is just a pool with a raft on it and the seals swim mournfully in circles.
But the main attraction is yet to come.
Heading underground, you come to the walkway; I'm not sure exactly how long it is but if you stand on the conveyor belt it takes about 10 minutes to go around.
Here you see sharks, stingrays, lobsters and loads of other types of fish.
If you time it right as well there is a shark feeding session, where two divers hop in and feed the fish and then proceed to do some flips in scuba gear, always entertaining for the kids.
There is also an option to go swimming with the sharks, but at 165 squid you may prefer to just watch others do it.
If you have been to any of the big zoos then to be honest their aquariums are probably better than this, with more variety.
But for Edinburgh it's great as the Zoo here doesn't offer to much in the way of fishy goodness.
The tunnel is a good experience, and overall it's a nice day out from the city.

Seriously awesome.
Tucked away in the quaintest darlingest North Queensferry (which offers cobbled streets, a craggy beach and killer views of the Forth road/rail bridges), Deep Sea World is great for all the family.
And big kids, which me and my friends are.
In a nutshell, it's got...  - Fish from the deep and shallow coral reefs.
- Pirhana's (or however you spell that.
I should know since English was my undergrad.
OOPS) - Catfish - Gecko's - Trained seals (that are darned cute.
Especially when they jump through hoops for fish).
- Interactive shows where you can have starfish curl around your hand, or stroke a sea urchin (supervised, of course).
- Bullfrogs.
- A massive tank with a tunnel you can walk underneath SHARKS, stingrays and some monk fish.
Which seemingly goes on forever.
- A giftshop gauntlet where you won't get out alive without buying some cuddly fish soft toys, or a ring with a stingray on it (which I wore out to the pub tonight, and I'm wearing right now.
Shut up.
)  So, aye.
Amazing times to be had by all and a great way to spend a tenner!
This is the boring info, but there are ways on the train to get a discount (ask for an attraction pass if you aren't advised by a conductor to purchase a ticket), and family passes where you get money off.
Also look out for two for one offers in magazines, leaflets etc.
Kids will love it.
They even offer nights where you can dive with the sharks, which I would be very keen to do as a birthday party idea but my friends would no doubt rather go to the pub!

