I was first attracted C's Tasty Bites by its cool name.
It's situated on Dalkeith Road, but doesn't look much from the outside and within it could probably do with a revamp.
However, the staff are pleasant and welcoming.
I was sort of confused as to what it actually is when I first went, but it's kind of a cafe come takeaway.
They serve the usual soups, sandwiches, paninis and salads.
The menu isn't particularly spectacular in itself, but the food which they offer is delicious and filling.
I went for a cheese and ham toastie a couple of weeks ago which was the perfect, satisfying antidote to a long walk up Dalkeith Road.
It only cost about about £3 and the rest of their menu seemed well priced also.
I would probably come here again as it's tired feel is counteracted by the quality of its food and service.

As mentioned in the previous review, C's Tasty Bites offers somewhat of a consolation for those about to embark on a boredom drenched voyage up the desolate plains of Dalkeith Road.
It is a small place and primarily offers a takeaway service, although there is room for a couple of people to sit in if they so wish.
The food on offer is moderately yet surprisingly varied considering the small size of the shop.
Breakfast rolls, soups, sandwiches and delicious looking home bakes are available and all offer good value for money.
I ordered a square sausage breakfast roll for only £1.50 and was giddy with excitement when I noticed that I had in fact received a roll with ONE AND A HALF square sausages within.
Also, the staff were friendly and the service quick.
As mentioned before, it's not much to look at.
But for a takeaway service, does that matter?
I'll leave that for you to decide.

Dalkeith Road is so sad-looking.
I don't know how a street can looks sad, but it does.
It's sort of saying 'I'm out of the way, I'm long and there are other roads parallel to me that are much better and get there quicker.
sigh.
' Is it possible to feel sorry for a road?
Anyway  C's Tasty Bites thus lacks the va va voom I look for in a snack shop.
It tries, nonetheless, and 10/10 for effort.
The place itself is small, I think too small to breathe so only ever come here for take-away.
The price is alright and the food isn't amazing, but maybe i;m lacking enthusiasm because when I leave i'm left with Dalkeith road.
aw.

