The apartment itself has been great.
Spacious two bedroom, modern appliances, washer/dryer in unit.
Complex is pretty...lots of grass, two pools, tennis courts, BBQ areas.
Maintenance staff is awesome.
Biggest issue is the area of town...especially for the price.
The rent is reasonable for the actual apartment, but NOT for the area.
It is quiet for the most part but a fair share of residents are rude and not "good neighbors".
We often have to listen to two yippy dogs that their owners leave out on the patio for hours at a time.
The absolute worst part of living here is the security.
The complex is gated but that did not stop our next door neighbors from getting their apartment broken into.
Someone kicked in their door at 11:30 IN THE MORNING.
The office claims there is grounds security but I have hardly ever seen them and turns out our neighbors were not the only ones robbed recently.
Needless to say I don't feel as safe but am not in a position financially to break our lease so...that's that.
Other negatives: rent increase with each re-signing of your lease.
Only one covered parking spot per apartment (even two bedrooms).
Water/sewer/trash fee seems a bit high and has climbed each month we have been here.
We only get one pool/mailroom key per apartment (difficult with two of us living here).
I love the inside of my apartment but am firm when I say I WILL be moving when my lease is up.
*Edit: Resident murdered in domestic dispute.
Do yourself a favor and keep you and your family safe.
Find a better part of town.

When I first viewed this area before signing a lease, I realized it wasn't in a perfect part of town, but it was a nice getaway section with not too much going on as far as I was able to research.
The staff was extremely friendly, and I asked as many questions as possible and got courteous responses.
It's been a fairly quiet month and a half with no huge disturbances.
Like I said, the complex seems friendly and safe enough, nowhere is perfect, and I make do just fine.
We'll see if a future re-signing will happen or not, but this place is worth the price you pay.

Let's just say when me and my husband first moved into the complex we were happy with it , seemed quiet for the part.
We have lived here for about a year and a half and all I can do is sit and wait for my lease to end !
Do not put you and your family into a complex where there have been several break ins , there is absolutely no security in the complex , anybody could get into the complex and use the pool and the gym , there is a gate that barely works half the time , obnoxious loud irritating people everywhere , yappy dogs all around !
No peace no quiet no safety at all !
Oh and did I mention there was domestic homicide in the complex ... Yeah .
Please protect your family and move somewhere else !

People in this apartment have no common courtesy .
Loud noises past 11pm , domestic disputes constantly .
It is just not a safe and quiet place to live .

As I current tenant I can you at first I was going to recommend some people I know to live here as the amenties are great.
But the noisy rude people are not.
I have called the Security number to issue complaints about loud neighbors who like to have house parties all night.
So I called the office and they said I had to have a Security Officer come out and file a complaint and that request was Cancelled.
And the repsonse was that the issue was taken care of!
Well let me tell you it was never taken care of!
Not too my satisfaction!
I have kids and they need sleep!
So as for my first month here.
This place is not to my A list!
That's all I'm saying!

