What a nice little surprise this place was, judging from the collapsed drunk outside, I was shocked anyone could read round these parts.
Apparently this place has been here for 19 years, in which time they have gathered quite the collection.
Where they really shine is the amount of War books they carry.
Worth a look if you're into that kind of thing!

This is a great little bookshop on Dalkeith Road which has a wide range of genres, a tranquil, unintruding atmosphere and a pleasant owner.
I walk past this place quite a bit, but it only occurred to me to have a look round a couple of weeks ago.
It prides itself on specialising in military history, and even lays claim to being announced as having one of the best stocks of the genre in Scotland.
Thus, this is the place to come for information or even novels relating to just about any war in modern history or anthologies of military strategy.
In addition to this they also have plenty in the way of sci-fi, romance and adventure novels, as well as the odd natural history encyclopedia.
The Bookworm is well worth a look no matter what sort of reading material you're into.

This bookshop is an absolute gem.
Tucked away among a quiet cluster of takeaways and convenience stores down Dalkeith Road, it is a spectacular find.
The exterior is pleasantly inviting to the literal enthusiast and upon entering you are welcomed by the well organised, attractive displays.
The owner was extremely friendly, offering me a welcoming smile and greeting once I had entered.
The shop specialises in military history, as is apparent from the second room tucked in at the back, which has sections designated to all aspects of this topic such as naval history and aviation  I personally have an interest in military history, and was amazed to find a copy of Mein Kampf dating back to December 1942.
After a brief discussion with the owner regarding the Nuremburg Trials he immediately directed me to a massive hardcover at a very reasonable price of only £8.
The owner (Peter) certainly knows his stuff and this contributes to making a visit to this shop all the more engaging.
The prices are all very reasonable and all the books, even the second hand ones, are in a very presentable condition.
Don't think this shop is specifically for the military enthusiasts.
It has a fantastic range varying from a great selection of classics to some interestingly illustrated introductions to philosophy.
All in all, a fantastic place with great character.

This is one of the better bookshops I've seen around town, primarily for the quality of books on offer.
It's stock focus more on the more popular books than anywhere else able to compete with it on price (though many of those places can beat this place on price).
You see at charity shops you tend to get all the books that people no longer want, whereas here you are getting books that people will want to buy.
Upon entering the shop you'll notice that it holds a vague resemblance to a CD shop, just with books in the places where the CDs should sit.
You see, although one side is adorned with shelves, the other side has the books laid out in overlapping stacks so you'll have to quickly flick through to find out precisely which books are on offer.
Other than this the last thing to point out is the fact that this shops best section is its crime fiction, and indeed the owner is probably a fan of these, so if you're also a fan you might find a quick look round here a worthwhile trip.

Tucked away down the bottom of Dalkeith Road is this little bookshop, in an unassuming building, next to a pretty skanky pub.
Although not much to look at, it is a great find for anyone interested in second hand books.
Similar to an old record shop, it has a wide array of books laid out which you can flick through at your leisure.
And there are quality books here, not the autobiographies of z-list idiots that normally clog up the shelves of charity bookstores.
The owner has clearly gone to quite a bit of trouble to amass a tidy little collection.
Although not as cheap as the aforementioned charity shops, you definitely get a much better selection.
Particularly good are the crime and thriller sections, with a wide array of both genres available.
These are clearly a particular passion of the owner, as he shows a remarkable knowledge of not only what he has in stock but also within these genres, what type of writing the book is.
I ended up with an armful of books simply on his recommendation, the old 'If you liked this...' trick.
To be fair to him, he was correct; the books were generally great and at a fraction of the price of Blackwell's and Waterstone's.
I particularly like going into these shops just for a browse, as ones of this quality are few and far between and you often end up unearthing a real gem, as is the case with The Bookworm

If you're passing this little shop on Dalkieth Road, you should definitely pop in and have a browse.
Although it had that predictably musty smell that second hand bookshops tend to have, as well as the clichéd middle-aged balding owner sitting reading with his specs perched on the end of his nose, the good thing about it is that this place has a deceptively large collection of stock.
Although I'm no expert when it comes to books, you can tell from looking around this place that the regulars as well as the owner have a genuine love of all things literature-related.
When I was in here there was another customer having a really in-depth chat with the owner (who'd stopped reading and taken his specs off the end of his nose) about some author whose name I didn't catch, which is always a good sign, rather than the staff just being there because they're on minimum wage and they have to be.
The prices were really cheap too, more or less on a par with the charity bookshops dotted along Nicolson Street.

I gotta be honest, when when I first noticed the sheer volume of military history books in The Bookworm I was tempted to turn on my heels and flee.
I'm glad I stayed however because alongside weighty tomes on different military units, I found a cracking selection of classic novels and literary thrillers.
Both the paperbacks and hardbacks were in top notch condition and I was delighted to find cult U.S. crime writers like James Ellroy, Jim Thompson and Walter Mosley sandwiched between Scottish authors like Ian Rankin and Val McDermid.
In true noir spirit, I should have got a leggy blonde to charm and dazzle the owner whilst I swindled copies of The Getaway and The Grifters.
Instead, I paid my six pounds and walked straight out the front door.

