The Pleasance is one of the University of Edinburgh's most used buildings, and the bar in the downstairs area is well worth mentioning.
Typically a student haunt, it provides all that you would expect from a bar of this type.
It also provides food, and shows a variety of sport on its TV screens.
Seating is in comfortable booths, with padded seating and small dividing walls that segregate the bar area, so that it can be full of people without feeling that way.
Drinks are reasonably priced, and the food is typically student in style.
Fajitas, nachos and burgers dominate the menu, and having tried most  of them, I can confirm that they are very tasty, and worth their cheap prices.
I have typically been here on a quieter weekday evening during term time, during which the atmosphere is relaxed.
However, as with most bars, when there is a big sporting occasion, a show in the Pleasance theatre, or just during Freshers' Week, the bar will be a lot busier.
Give the Pleasance Bar a go if you want some cheap student grub, or a relaxed drink with friends.

As a fan of student union bars, the Pleasance bar is one of the best student unions in Edinburgh!
Located in the Pleasance buildings, this bar has its own unique character.
Inside it, the bar is split between two rooms.
The first room is filled with large booths, ideal for students working in large project groups.
The second room, adjoined to the first room is much bigger with a stage.
Food and drinks are set at student prices that mean pints from as little as £1.80, while the chicken burgers and spiral fries are fantastic for a student union food!
Normally, the bar is quite quiet so it is ideal for students wanting a bite to eat or a drink while studying!
However, the biggest draw for me at Pleasance is the student pub quiz on a Monday night.
During semester it kicks off at around eight, and is one of the biggest, if not the biggest student pub quiz in Scotland!
The place is always packed, and the prices on offer involve drink promotions and vouchers.
Furthermore, what makes this quiz as good as it is, is the quiz master who constructs some brilliant questions and engages with banter from the students!
A student bar from students!

This is one of the student union bars I haven't visited that often, probably because it's so out of the way!
The other two, Teviot and Potterow, are literally in the main university area and a mere minutes walk from each other.
However, it may be worth the walk over there as their food is quite good, and QUITE cheap!
Previously, I'd only had drinks there for a night at the Pleasance Theatre.
However, a group of friends and I decided to have a well deserved after exam lunch there, and we had some great fajitas, nachos and burgers!
The bar itself is quite cosy, but is definitely upstaged by it's Teviot counterpart.

Pleasance is great for those looking for a student bar that is perhaps a little more simplistic and relaxed compared to those found in Teviot Row House.
The drinks prices are the same as those found in the other two Edinburgh University Students Association bars but the main thing that makes Pleasance stand out is the food.
This is the place to get curly fries cheap, and for some reason unknown to me the burgers here are a lot better than those served in Teviot.
Pleasance is very well suited for larger groups, as it has many large round tables with block seating that can be squeezed into.
There is also a fair bit of outdoor seating available for the warmer times of year.
This bar is popular with the sports fans as it has sufficiently big screens showing various football and rugby games yet offers a much warmer, cleaner atmosphere than the Sports Bar in Teviot.
The only real downside to this bar is that it is just too small during busy times and a lot of people will be left standing.
However, when it is quieter, it's fantastic.

