Walking down South Clerk st. you may just stumble upon this often ignored little Tibetan crafts and tea shop.
The Himalaya Shop (still sometimes known as Himalaya Art and Craft) is shop specilising in Tibetan clothes, craft and other bits and bobs.
At the back of the shop is a small cafe serving a range of teas and some simple snacks.
Here they sometimes show films as well as hosting live music.
It's a small space but its cosy and they make the most of it.
The Himalaya shop supports the Free Tibet group and other charities.
It also functions as a meeting place for like minded groups and those wanting to savour the atmosphere of Tibet and Northern India.
The owners are friendly and chatty.
I got the impression they ran this shop because they felt they were doing something good with it.
This gives the place a genuine feel.
I was welcomed in and introduced the shop.
Before long I was being served some spiced chai and chatting to the man sitting at the opposite table (there are only two large tables).
A really interesting and unique shop.

It could be very easy to walk straight past this quaint little shop, but it is definitely worth a look.
It is a unique shop to Edinburgh, specialising in creating a Tibetan and Indian atmosphere.
The Himalaya Shop is primarily an art shop, selling a vast variety of ethnic crafts such as hand made jewellery, clothes, candles and silk scarves.
There is a tea room in the back of the shop which sells traditional Tibetan food and has an enticing range of teas, my absolute favourite is the spiced chai, although it is a tad expensive at almost £2 a mug.
They also have a variety of homemade cakes which are delicious and the staff are always friendly and inviting.
The Himalaya Shop now also have Wi-Fi so it is great place to take your laptop and catch up on some work.
The Himalaya shop also has a meditation room and a beautiful and peaceful garden in the back so it is great place to go to take some time out and relax.

This little shop/café seems to be a jack of all trades!
I've always admired the beautiful jewellery in the display windows, which it turns out are traditional hand made Tibetan pieces.
There is also a little sitting area, called the Tea Room in the rear of the shop.
It's run by volunteers, and with its fundraising efforts, Himalaya definitely reminds me of another more "organic" hang out, the Forest Café!
They also offer yoga classes, and sell several books, some on the theme of spirituality and Buddhism.
It's definitely worth a visit, and a refreshing change from some of the other stores around it, which can seem monotonous after a while.

The Himalayan shop is so amazing.
Chilled out with a family friendly atmosphere, the staff are unbelievably accomodating and very friendly.
They make you feel at home as your browse the Himalayan jewellery and hats in the shop, and chat away to you as you sit in the cafe.
The cafe is particularly awesome.
I tried some of their chai tea which was lovingly made by a girl who was relatively new to the cafe.
She had moved to Scotland for a few months from Estonia so we had an interesting chat about uni and life in general.
She was very passionate about making me the perfect cup of chai tea - I wasn't brave enough to try the chilli in it this time but it had enough of a kick to wake me up.
As much as their cushioned tea room was inviting, with the lovely smell of soup wafting out from the pot and with their wooden seats littered with colourful cushions, I had to go.
I had some serious reviewing business to attend to.
But I promised the girl that I would return to give her a verdict on the tea, which I am now about to do - it was terrific!
Spicy and comforting, I drank every drop.
I will go back to this shop/tea room for sure - very unique and utterly delightful!

I went into Himalaya to meet a friend, and to hide another.
It was a surprise visit.
And we smuggled my friend in wearing a scarf and a hat and under the impression that we had done a good job.
But what a fail.
It was the first time I'd been there and I had no idea what to expect, but it was a really sweet space full of autumnal colours (mainly their merchandise) that I had to avert my eyes from out of a fear of buying everything at hand.
And when you walk in, you might be under the temporary impression that that's that, but through another doorway there's a sweet little cafe permeated in a delicious smell--of chai and homemade food.
This Shop/Cafe is pretty much exemplary of a city's little secret.
Go on discover it.

This exporter of Tibetan arts and crafts is one of Edinburgh's independent  store gems.
As well as selling great little ethnic-naks, Himalaya houses a cute tea shop, with some amazing herbal teas.
Walking in, it is apparent that the shop has a very indie feel to it, with scarves and multi coloured hats, bags and accessories adorning the walls.
To add to this, it is also a charity shop, raising money for Tibet, which I think most people would agree is a worthy cause.
The shop is similar to many of those Asian stores you can find dotted around selling pashminas, but the quality is much better, and it has a much more varied stock.
They sell cool alternate jewellery, very hippy-ish but at the same time fashionable.
The bracelets and necklaces are really good, and for the ladies there is a good selection of earrings.
They also have bags and other accessories and weirdly yoga sessions at affordable prices.
The tea shop is awesome as well, selling some amazing types of chai.
There is a really chilled out (almost stoner-esque but a bit more productive) atmosphere, and many people end up chatting to each other without knowing who they are, there is a good community feel.
The staff are good fun and the prices are cheap.
Definitely one of the best cafés around and you are helping out a good cause so well worth a visit

I cannot give this place any more stars, though I wish I could!
I came here for the first time a couple of weeks ago with my boyfriend, and we were very hungry.
Upon entering, we were already in love with the decor: Indian tapesteries and fabrics, buddhist mantras and colourful cushions, covered in sequins.
This is a vegetarian cafe, and a very ethical one.
The cafe and shop produce partially go towards helping out charities in Tibet, and the premise is often used to host University tibet society meetings, vegetarian society socials and various other events.
There was one waitress working, and she was really attentive and smiley.
She showed me the menu, and then when I was indecisive about what to order, she showed me the two curries of the day.
I went for the 'small' curry, and my boyfriend chose the large one.
We also ordered two soya chais.
Whilst waiting for our lunch, my boyfriend went around taking photos as the interior was so beautiful!
It eventually arrived, and couldn't have looked more appetizing: a very colourful curry with potatoes, courgettes, runner beans and various other local ingredients, in a spicy curry, accompanied by a large fresh salad, saffron rice, and a variety of dipping sauces (thai sweet chilli, hot chilli etc).
My boyfriend had the same, but with the addition of a potato and spinach curry.
Our chais arrived with the meal, and the waitress offered us honey or brown sugar.
All this for £14!
Everything was really delicious, the service was superb, and I felt like I could have stayed there all day!
There is wi-fi, there are a variety of exciting looking cakes (including some which are vegan), and there are also a few falafel wraps on offer.
Do come here if you're in the area, I very much doubt that you'll regret it.

Love the interior of this place.
It's so peaceful and calming.
It helps me to work my essays and I would love to come back here just to enjoy the masala chai tea.
They apparently made it from scratch so it's definitely special.
The room has a really nice ambience with colorful wall decorations and instrumental music.

