This place is only open on the weekends, cash only, almost hidden in a strip mall (the only sign out front is a large Puerto Rican flag in the window) but it is one of the best finds in the Phoenix area.
It's the only place I've ever had Puerto Rican food but I think I've been spoiled because it is unbelievably delicious and very very inexpensive.
I have it on good authority that this place is authentically cooked homestyle Puerto Rican food and pastry.
They have mofongo, pernil, arroz con gandules, and different sandwiches like cubano and tripleta.
Mango y queso pastries to finish it off.
Menu changes a bit each week so it's great for return visits.
I can't get enough.

Best Cubano in Phoenix!
I have lived in Cuban neighborhoods in Boston and NY.
This food is legit and yummity at a reasonable price.

Finally had a chance to try this place.
It's definitely a small place, which cheap chairs and plastic tables, so it's not a place you go for the vibe.
The menu apparently changes every weekend.
I had the Mofongo y Pernil, a cola champagne, and the flan.
The mofongo was delicious, and the pernil was ace.
And it was just $7 for the place, which didn't leave me hungry at all.
The flan was not homemade, which was a bit disappointing.
And the cola champagne came in a can rather than a glass bottle, which I would have preferred.
But I guess one can't be too picky when there is a Puerto Rican place a couple miles from home.
The whole meal was just $12, which is very reasonable.
It's just too bad I can't go pick up my dinner here on weeknights...

good, authentic food from PR..the Mofongo is great and so wsa the pork...needs a ittle attention in the dining, but teh food is great and so was Millie!

What a golden treasure to find!!!
I was taken here as a surprise pre-birthday lunch and I must tell you my heart fluttered once I walked in and smelled the familiarity of it all.
Being from NYC and of Puerto Rican and Dominican descent, there is nowhere that serves "our food" that has gotten it right until this cafe opened its doors.
The food is authentic, the service is friendly, the music is old school (salsa).
The pasteles were to die for, the rice and beans were perfect, the pork chop was moist and fell off the bone.
Greedy as we were since we don't live in the area, we even stuffed ourselves with a guava/cheese turnover and a quesito.
They have Malta, Coco Rico and ....wait for it......COLA CHAMPAGNE, my absolute favorite!!
The mother and daughter team are welcoming and friendly, sort of like going to a relatives house and just shooting the breeze for a few minutes.
If its busy you will have to wait for your plate, but WHO CARES!!!
it's sooo worth the wait.
The prices are beyond reasonable, and you can even get that Puerto Rican flag you forget to buy last time you went home :)   If you are missing a taste of home, definitely check this place out before you go to to 2 other places that offer this type of fare (i've tried them both, and they are not even half as good and twice as expensive!!

Love the sandwiches.
Try the Coco-Rico if you've never had it.
It's hard to find anything but Mexican and chain restaurants in Mesa, so it's nice to have a little variety.

Did you ever say you wished you had a J-Lo butt?
Then read on...
I might be a little bias being 1/2 Puerto Rican, but you know you are at the right place when you walk in and see that countries native people eating there.
If you want a real treat and have never had Puerto Rican food, please go to Millie's and try it.
It is a Mom & Pop place for sure -you will see Millie herself right behind the counter cookin' your food like you were sitting in her kitchen while her husband is taking your order.
The price is definitely right!
We practically had the entire menu for $40.
Don't be fooled by the ambiance... tiny dining room, fold out tables & chairs, plastic ware & cups with ice from an ice chest propped up on a stool.
The food is where the money is!!
BTW- cash only, so be prepared.
Open Thurs-Sun for lunch & dinner (11am-8pm).
Here are some highlights if you're not familiar: Tostones... fried & salted plantains - get the garlic side dip Pasteles... pork inside green banana (like a tamale, but better) Amarillos... sweet fried banana Arroz con Gandules... yellow rice w/beans and last but NOT least (here's where the J-Lo butt comes in) Mofongo w/a side of pork - it is hard to describe but easy to remember!
It is plantain w/crispy fried pork formed into a ball of joy!
And the sides of pork that they give are the most tender juicy pork I've ever had.
This is a must try item!
But not for the faint of heart - literally.
"Bottom" line is I would eat here everyday if I could afford new clothes.
P.S.
I read someone else's review that stated that the Flan was not made there.
Just FYI, Millie is the Flan Lady & makes the flan right there in that same kitchen.
The only problem is that she makes it for restaurants valley wide & so in that mass production - it loses some of it's homemade quality.
It is still good though & she makes a mean pastry.
Try 'em!

BEST.
EVER.
Authentic!
Staff is friendly, family owned and proud!
Prepare though, as its not open all week and only takes cash.

Ever since I saw one on TV, I have been wanting to try a real Cuban Sandwich for the longest time, but there aren't many Cuban places in Hawaii where I grew up.
So after reading the reviews on here, I had to try this place.
It did not disappoint.
The Cubano sandwich was awesome.
The pork was juicy, the bread was crispy, and the elements worked so well together.
The sandwich was also huge, and could easily be a lunch and dinner, a steal for only $5.50 plus you get a small bag of chips.
The only criticism was that it was a bit too salty (you know how you get some spots that are more salted than others, that was the case here).
I also got some deliciously crispy tostones with garlic dip.
Yum.
Better than french fries.

My parents are from Puerto Rico and I just took them here.
I'd been here once before with my sister and husband and we loved it, but I had to take my parents before writing the review... And they agreed, Millie's Cafe has great, authentic Puerto Rican cuisine.
The menu is small and they offer different specials every week.
My faves so far are the cubano sandwich, pernil, the tostones, papa rellena and the MOFONGO!
Seriously the mofongo is delicious.
Crisp pieces of bacon, chicharron, and plantains rolled into a ball of garlicky happiness.
The pastelillos de guayaba and quesitos are great too.
The owners are super sweet and straight from the island.
I highly recommend it, I only hope that in the future they can extend their menu.

Millies is AMAZING!
I am Puerto Rican (from NY) and often have great food when I visit my Mom & Titi's house but I have to say that Millies Arroz con Gandules are the best I have ever had!
My husband is american and not a big fan of beans but he always has 2nd and 3rds of Millies rice.
We also get most of our parties catered from there and our guests always want to know where the amazing food comes from.
We love Millies and go back as often as we can.
I hope she can stay open for many years to come!

I am Puerto Rican and Cuban and have had authentic food all of my life.
I was very disappointed to move to the valley and not find as many restaurants that are Puerto Rican or Cuban :-(  However, one day my family and I were driving in Mesa and I decided to yelp a restaurant and this popped up!
I will state that it is in a bigger strip mall type of area and so therefore you can pass it a couple of times before actually finding it.
When you first walk in you realize that it is extremely small.
There aren't that many chairs or seating and they were pretty much packed when we got there (only about 4 tables in total I believe).
However, the service was impecable!
The counter had baked pastries that looked wonderful and the other half had Puerto Rican novelties for sale!
As most know, we are proud to be puerto rican and love to flaunt it so this was a major plus for me.
The gentleman at the counter (I can't remember his name right now) was extremely friendly and answered all questions my 12 year old daughter had.
Food was great as well, had authentic puerto rican spices, flavor were great!
After eating my daughter asked a lot of questions about different memorabilia that were decoration.
They had a very large mirror that had the full Island of Puerto Rico with the different towns pointed out.
My daughter and I talked about our family history when he overheard me state that my grandma was from Bayamon, PR and he chimed in stating that he was there for many years before coming to the states.
It was very nice of him to tell me about the town and culture there considering I have not been to my home island since I was a child.
I will definitely have to go back.
We ate mainly quick sandwiched (where my husband stated that the tuna sandwiches was the best he's ever had) but next time I am sure I will have to try a main dish.
Very happy to find a place that has great food and above all else fabulous service.
Must try for anyone...

My husband is from Puerto Rico.
We eat here for comfort food.
It is homemade and reminds him of his momma's cooking.
The full meals usually last 2-3 meals for me.
I can't have gluten and can get the dinners.
There are things I am unable to eat, but the dinners are good.

Great find!
Wait is a little long, but worth it!

so i live far out of the valley and being puerto rican, i was just checking yelp for puerto rican places to eat.
i seen this one in mesa, i was ecstatic...
THE FOOD IS AWESOME AND COOKED TO ORDER......that is the best way to do it, at least we know its not processed and just waiting getting dry.
there was so much flavor and it was juicy... i had the mofongo it did not disappoint.......then i had the arroz con gandules with pernil, that to was perfect........it was just like my abuela was doing it.......i will definitely go back for more....... now they are open on wednesday, just one more day to go see Millie...
The place is family owned and small but that adds to the ambiance...
I definitely recommend Millie's Cafe to any one and everyone......
Enjoy food from puerto rico......

Their pasteles Can't be beat.
Very, very good.
Eating partner had Cod fish (Valenciana) with root vegetables (malanga, banana, yuca).
The reason he had to eat this is because he doesn't eat pork and there were no chicken dishes being offered.
Are you serious?
No chicken dishes on the menu?
Chicken is the GO-TO meat for people nowadays.
When in doubt get chicken.
Not a smart move to limit the menu on a Friday night.
My eating partner said the codfish was fine but really didn't want to partake of all the carbs in the root vegetables.
Had the plain mofongo because of the pork issue.
It usually comes with bacon and crackling.
But we had to get it Veggie.
It was small with no sauce, but it definitely had a garlicky flavoring.
I will have garlic breath for a bit.
I would not order that mofongo again, especially veggie style.
Ordered two guava filled pastries, a bargain at $1.25 each but the problem is the they were not guava filled.
They were barely filled.
Next  time more guava pulp in it folks, otherwise it's not worth eating.
I would go back for pasteles ONLY if I were in the neighborhood as I drove many miles to get there.
Good luck with your restaurant and make sure you have chicken on the menu every day.
You can't lose.

we tried their pasteles, roast pork and mofongo which was all delicious and also had the potato balls best we have ever had at a restaurant.
The pastries were also delicious you have to try them.

A few months into my move from NYC, I so had a hankering for Puerto Rican fare.
I looked up Yelp on my phone and Mille's came up.
I was not too far away driving up from Tempe so I took the chance and drove to Mesa.
The restaurant was bare bones, pretty much a takeaway joint with the stray table.
I looked at the small amount of menu items and spied the pernil and pasteles.
Well, this was exactly what I was missing.
Ordered with a side of rice and beans and waited for about 15 minutes for my order to come up.
Driving home, I nearly went crazy with the scents of home wafting out of the bag in the footboards of my car.
Am I going to make it home before I tear open the bag and start eating with my fingers?
I made it home and tore open the bag, took out a beer from the fridge and started to taste my treasure.
The rice and beans, tasted fresh enough, the pasteles really good.
Even by NYC standards.
The pernil, was Okay.
On the salty side, really salty.
But I endured, because I was so desperate to feel like I was home once again.
3 stars due to the overly salted, pernil.
Lack of ambiance at the store front.
But the pasteles, man they were right on.
Next time I gotta ask if they can sell me frozen ones to keep for another hankering!
Hopefully, they will make to restaurant more inviting in the future.
But do come out and try great Puerto Rican pasteles!

If I was just reviewing the food and the friendliness of the staff I would give 4.5 stars.
Both are really great.
Overall I give 4 stars, because they don't take credit cars for one.
That is a big drawback for me because I don't usually carry cash and I had to go to an ATM and come back.
Secondly, they don't sell fountain drinks.
They sell it in cans but come on...we all know thats just not the same.
I will be going back though because the food is that good.
I had the BBQ pork, yellow rice, and tostones.....all fantastic.

This has to be one of my favorite places to eat in the area.
It is a small restaurant, with a small staff but the food is absolutely amazing.
I have never been to Puerto Rico but if the food everywhere tastes like this I should probably make the trip.
I am a lover of sandwiches and the Jibarito has to be one of the best I have ever tasted, easily in the Top 5 sandwiches I have ever had.
Well seasoned beef and goodies sandwiched between plaintains, wow!.
Tropi-cola is worth the price, even though it's just a single serving, it complements the food and makes the good even gooder.
Be sure to try the Relleno de Papa and Tostones to warm up for the main dish!

We went to Millie's Cafe to check out the Puerto Rican food today.
When we entered the cafe  we saw old home favorites from the Bronx like pastille's,  plantains, cubano sandwiches, peril and couldn't wait to order.
The appetizers were fresh seasoned but not hot ( a trademark of good Puerto rican food)  and were huge.
My wife and I shared assorted appetizers such as  acapurria,and sweet bananas cooked perfectly, Then we shared this triple meat sandwich composed of pork, beef and ham with pickle and assorted seasonings,  panini style.
THe cubano sandwich was made the same way  you would find in Puerto Rico or NYC, that was how good it was made.
The prices were more than reasonable and yes they dont take credit cards.
However, for $20.00 for 2 people cash where else do you get this quality of homemade food,  We will be coming back and bringing family  and friends.
My wife who is an outstanding Puerto Rican cook gave her nod of approval.
If you are craving PuertoRican food or just want to try it, give it a chance no $7.00 hamburger comes even close to how you will enjoy this little treasure in the Desert.

If you like Puerto Rican food and you're in the Phoenix area then this is your place.
You can either spend hours in the kitchen, put your family on a plane and bring then here to cook for you or just go here for great food.
Good portions, reasonable prices and great flavor.
I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
I've been here a few times and each time it's good.

As a Puerto Rican who lived in the island for 26 years and who cook Puerto Rican food on a weekly basis, I have to say, hands down, that Millie's Cafe is a great option for those interested in authenticity.
The staff is really sweet, they make you feel like home.
I had their alcapurrias, mofongo and sandwich cubano, and everything was amazing.
The only critique is that they don't accept credit cards.
Besides that, Millie's is a great option for those who are looking for authentic flavors from the Spanish Caribbean.

A very small establishment with very simple decor, yet extraordinary food.
This place is cash only, so make sure to get some before you come.
Everything is reasonably priced, I ordered Pernil with arroz con gandules and that cost $6.50.
Throw in a can of soda for a dollar and we're talking about lunch w/tip for about $10.
My food was excellent, it reminded me of mi abuela's cooking.
And the portions were huge, so I'll be having a trip down memory lane for lunch tomorrow too!
5 stars.

I was born and raised in PR, I still live there and I can safely say that this place is a as genuine as they come.
I travel a lot for work and this place is tied as the best/most authentic Puerto Rican restaurant I've been to in the states.
The other place is in Rochester, NY considering that in Rochester there is a huge Puerto Rican community it says a lot about Millie being able to provide such great authentic good out here in AZ.
Some people have criticised the decor and I understand them thinking this.
However, this only made it more genuine because the food and the look of the restaurant was exactly like that of a small cafeteria found in the old town center of a smaller town back in PR.
I was transported when I went in.
I've only been once and they did have chicken, I've read a number of reviews that mention it not having chicken always.
If this is so then this would be the only issue I could think of.
I recommend the mofongo to anyone that hasn't tried it before, it's great here.
Also, everybody should buy the tostones, they are perfectly made here and they are cheap.
They are double fried plantains, specifically green plantains.
They are chopped into maybe an inch thick pieces then they are fried until they are golden, then they are removed, squashed and fried again.
They sound easy to make and for the most part they are.
But they are also easy to not get right and they are perfectly made here.

Drove over 150 miles to eat here!
Damn, it was worth every mile!
Authentic Puerto Ricans  cooking Puerto Rican Food!
We had the Pollo con Arroz, Pernil con Arroz Y Gondules, Tostones, Accapuria, and their homemade Flan.
Brought back memories of my grandmothers food!
Met the owners and his family and they were as friendly as can be!
See you guys when we come back into town.
If you are looking for great Puerto Rican authentic food and your wallet is hurting then this is the place for you.
We had a feast and still didn't break the bank.
Average dish price about $6.50.
Portion size felt like I was eating at Grandmas house for dinner.
Had enough to take home for snack time later!

First off I'm Puerto Rican!
I was not impressed with the food here at all.
The flavor was lacking and so was the gravy.
Who wants to eat dry rice and chicken!
Sorry, just keepin it real.
If your looking for friendly service then by all means eat here.
The owner is sweet.
I didn't finish my food.
So after attempting to eating here I went home and cooked real PR food..yum.
Gosh I miss the East Coast!
Umm I won't be back.

Having moved to Phoenix only a few short months back, we were hoping to find authentic Puerto Rican food in the area since it's everywhere on the East Coast.
We found this place through Urban Spoon and decided we just had to try it out.
The restaurant itself is one of those "hole-in-the-wall" places that you might just drive right past without even realizing it.
It's obviously a mom and pop place and continues that feel when you walk inside.
The decor is simple, but functional - read as, minimal with fold out table and chairs that work just fine for eating in.
I don't think that the owner and his wife could have been any nicer!
They were just charming and easy to talk to about where we were from and how much we loved Puerto Rican food.
If you go for nothing else - go say "hi" to the owner.
We had the chicken and rice, pork (carne asada),  and an order of the empanada - he called it something different, but I forget the name, my apologies.
The chicken and pork were to die for, but the rice wasn't at all what we were expecting.
It wasn't bad, but wasn't awesome.
The meats more than made up for the difference.
Overall, I'd say we'll go back after trying a few more local area places and perhaps try different sides then the rice and beans (which I won't lie, is disappointing).
Rating: B+

Went here while visiting family in the area.
I am in love.
The Pasteles, Gandule Rice, and Guava Cheese Pastry is unbelievable.
The pastele was $3.50.
The pastry was just under $2.
The gandule rice came with slow cooked pork and was on special for $6.50 The food is plenty and well worth it.
Although I'm used to paying less for ala carte pastele.
It was delicious and I would totally go there again.
Who knew cheese and guava could taste so good??!

So good, just like family makes in New York!
I think my favorite is the Pork with rice, although recently I got the Cuban sandwich I was in heaven, every time I meet someone new I always tell them that they have to go to Millie's.
and since my sister in-law came from back east who's cooked this kind of food and now that she in the hospital she keeps sending me in for something new, I try to get something different each time we go there, yes I recommend this place to so many I can't count all I have told.

I'm a New York Native and Millie's Cafe has all the goodies that remind me of home.
I always get the pernil (roast pork) and rice with gandules which is always great.
She also makes great cakes and pastries.
The customer service is exceptional and the prices are reasonable.
I would recommend Millie's cafe.

Really good food.
Make sure you call in order if your getting take out.
This place is not fast food.
I think they make one order at a time.
I had the mofongo which was good.
Will be going back.

I'm CUBAN and as far as Cuban food in Arizona goes  there is none.
No and I don't like Havana cafe.
Milly is the best that we have found.
The picnic pork was as good as homemade.
The rice is excellent as well as the yucca.... the mofongo which I suggest anyone to try was amazing.
It was very.inexpensive ad casual.
Totally worth drive fromNorth Scottsdale.
We loved it so much we ordered it for our engagement party and fed 20 ppl for about 150 bucks.
Thank you Millie!!
We are now regulars.

Stop here frequently!
Best Puerto Rican food in Arizona!!
If you're looking for some pr comfort food you must stop in!
I love Millie's famous flan but always stop in just for pastelillos!!
They are just like the ones from the island!!!
Pros: large portions Home made from scratch  Great prices   Only thing is it's cash only!!

good food

My first time here and the food is beyond meeting my expectations!
It was so delicious!
Small place but was greeted by a friendly face and he even talked me thru the menu so that I can make my best choice!
Pricest are very good considering the portion size.
Definitely gonna be a regular here considering I live very close!
Recommend anything with pork.

Since my first review I have been to Millie's to pick up orders of Pasteles (both pork and chicken), alcapurrias (banana fritters stuffed with ground beef), and morcilla (blood sausage).
All of these are uncooked and I cook them myself at home.
What a fantastic idea to have all of these things in the freezer and when I get home from a day out or a shopping spree, I basically don't have to cook!
Put the pasteles on for 45 minutes, add a salad or some veggies on the side and you are done!!!
Delicious home made food in less than an hour.
This rocks!
The alcapurrias I fry up 5 or 6 at a time and keep them in the fridge.
Then simply microwave them (wrapped in paper towels) and it is a delicious mid afternoon snack.
I am disappointed that the morcilla is not regularly available as it is only available during the Christmas holidays.
I wish they would take orders and make them available several times a year.
Continue to make your delicious food Millie... see you this Wednesday to pick up my new order of your yummy food.
Gracias y buena suerte......  BTW folks,  this is the ONLY real Puertorican restaurant with real puertorican food in the Valley.
Others may be big and fancy but their "puertorican" menu ideas of versions of the real deal.

We had the pork and chicken entrées.
Moist and delicious like you might never taste anywhere else.
The pastelillos de carne and the 2 plantain appetizers were exceptional as well.
The owner said we got lucky on the sweet plantains because she has trouble getting good ones here.
Millie and her daughter were very friendly and took the time to guide us through the menu choices and afterwards explain the recipes.
If you like some heat, the mix of peppers/water/vinegar/oil/spices was unique and flavorful.
Everything is very plain and simple there but it was a great experience.
Looking forward to going back and trying some other things as well.

Stopped there for lunch, had an Alcapurria and a Cuban sandwich (I'm Cuban but grew up in Puerto Rico), both were very good.
The staff was very attentive and friendly.
And the prices are excellent.
Will definitely go back to try more things on their menu!

Holy cow this might have been the best Cuban I've ever tasted, and I'm from Florida where Cuban restaurants are pretty common, so I've eaten many.
I know it's lame to get a Cuban at a Puerto Rican restaurant, but I can't wait to go back and try one of the entrees.
This gem is tucked into a little strip mall (surprise!
) and you can tell instantly it's a mom n pop joint.
The lady working the counter was very friendly despite my wide-eyed gringo-ness.
I will be back--soon!

Just get the Cubano - it is the best I have ever had.
This $5.50 sandwich is worth all of $12.00 and so good....it's also huge!!

First I wanna say mmmm mmmm mmmm..... Millie's cafe totally had my husband and I satisfied and to be honest we can't wait to go back for more!!
Both my husband and I are Puerto Rican but all our pr family are back in Detroit/Ohio and Puerto Rico so getting to eat some of the foods we grew up on and loved by someone other then our mothers, grandmothers or aunts was so nice!
Totally had us feeling nostalgic...
The pastele's were awesome I recommend the yuka ones,but my husband still like the original ones the best...
Awesome pork and arroz gandules... Great pastillos...
So flaky and good!
Rellenos de papas are just like my great aunt would make back home;0) we bought a huge bottle of their home made pike-pika and my husband is now in heaven!
I expect to go through the bottle every two weeks or so so....
I suppose we will just have to return again and again to get more ;0)  ultimately with Millie's the owners are so nice and welcoming and since the food is so good and definitely authentic Puerto Rican cuisine it's a win win situation!
I definitely recommend giving Millie's a try you won't be sorry!
The only thing that could improve this place would be that it was closer to where we live and maybe a few slices of avocado available just in case people wanted to order them...
I personally love avocado on everything, but that's just me...
Neither the hour drive nor the lack of avocado will stop us from being back;0)

A diamond in the rough!
Order something to go as seating is limited to about 12 persons inside.
Enjoy!

Great food, great service, great prices!
Being born and raised in Puerto Rico I'm a tough critic when it comes to "comida criolla" and I gotta say this place is an oasis in the middle of the desert.
I just wish it was closer to Yuma so I could go more often.

All the food here is very authentic and very well prepared one of my favorite places to eat  I'm glad I found this little hidden place , I I recommend the special relleno De Pappas, and the yucca pasteles are the best I've ever had!

they are one the best family run cafe"s in america period!
They really care and i am very  proud to have such a fine example of my puerto rican heritage in this state.Pastelios de guava pastries are addictive!

Small restaurant, but food is good and authentic, and the staff is friendly.
If you're in the mood for something a little different but not totally out of the ordinary, this is a great choice.

Everything is great here as far as the food goes.
They are cash only so that first makes be suspicious and we came here tonight and are waiting 40 mins for our food.
They had a lot of people but they should be able to serve more then three groups in a timely manner.
If there is anyone in line in front of you choose somewhere else.
If your the only one, stop by and enjoy some great food.

Calling all Puerto Ricans if you haven't been to Millies you haven't been to the best Boricua food West of the Mississippi and possible east of it.
My mother in law who lives in Puerto Rico is the only other amazing Puerto Rican food and I'm not obligated to say that ;) We are here on Mother's day and the little place is packed.
From the Pernil con arroz con gandules to the pasteles the food is amazing.
They are known for their mofongo which is really good too in fact everything on the menu is good.
And don't forget the flan for dessert.
She makes it homemade and from what Millie has told us she sells it to other mexican restaurants in the area.
I would take a picture of the food but I already ate it.

I had the pernil con arroz and gandules, tostones with garlic sauce and mofongo with pork.
I am not sure what authentic Puerto Rican food is supposed to taste like because it was my first experience with it ...
But I will say this, everything tasted AWESOME to me!
This place is cozy and clean.
I will be back and I officially love Puerto Rican food and Millie's.
Cash only.
Make sure to ask for pikka pikka (hot sauce).
Great for takeout.

I took my Spanish class to Millie's, and it was a great experience.
The entire staff was very friendly and accommodating.
You could tell they truly cared about every one of their customers and are very passionate about Puerto Rican Cuisine.
And the food!
Wow!
I tried the mofongo for the first time, and was very impressed.
Everything I have tried on their menu has been delicious.
You really can't go wrong with Millie's!!

I've had the mofongo, totones, arroz con habichuelas and pernil.
Everything was great!
Staff there are awesome, very friendly and bring things to you.
The things I would definitely work on for this place are:  DON"T take credit cards only cash.
Also they serve things on paper plates, I don't understand why they won't serve on regular plates, even if they are plastic.
However, food is good and I will be back.

Best Cuban sandwich EVER!!!
Great service, clean and DELICIOUS!!
I ate the cuban sandwich with a side of maduros and a malta..my better half ate Pernil w/mofongo; alcapurria; papa rellena and topped it off w/tres leche cake.
(He likes to eat)--we both Highly recommend!!!!
All that food under $30....Cash only so come ready

Me and a friend were trying to find a new Cuban food restaurant since Havana Cafe's Arcadia location closed in April.
My friend found this place to try, which is Puerto Rican food and very similar to Cuban food so we decided to give this place a shot.
It's a very unassuming, small counter service place with just 3 tables but we were able to grab a table and order quickly.
The menu is small; they had a couple of specials listed, a few types of sandwiches,  a variety of sides, desserts, and canned and bottled beverages.
A large part of the positive experience was based on the service.
They were sooo nice!
They asked if we had any questions and explained any dishes we weren't sure of.
I wish you could find service like that in other places!
As far as the food, I ordered the half steak sandwich,  a side of Amarillos (sweet fried plantains, akin to Cuban Maduros), Alcapurrias (banana/yucca mix stuffed with ground beef), and the rellenos papas (a deep fried ball of mashed potatoes stuffed with ground beef).
My friend ordered the...and my apologies I don't remember the name...the chicken dish with rice, a pastel (tamale like concoction stuffed with pork), and the tostones  (savory plantains smashed down and fried like chips) with garlic sauce.
Everything was amaaazing!
So good!
Just as good as Havana Cafe yet it was very affordable...bonus!!
The only downside was they take cash only and the menu is small but all in all I think it was a 5 star worthy place.
Unfortunately,  I live in the North valley but if I'm on that side of town I'll gladly stop there!

My new favorite place for puerto rican food.
Excellent service and friendly staff.
Authentic flavor straight from the island.
Tostones, tripletas, arroz con habichuelas, pasteles...yumm!

My wife is Puerto Rican and one of the pickiest people on the planet when it comes to food especially puerto rican food.
If her mom didn't make it can't be good right?
WRONG!
I ordered pernil and tostones just to try the place.
My wife could not resist.
She ate half of what I ordered and proceeded to order a second round and added arroz con gandules.
She ate until she was full and we brought the rest home for later.
Based on my wife's reaction, this joint is great!
Great prices too but cash only!

Omg!
Went in on a whim and it was sooooo good!
Very friendly,  helpful with  the menu.
Offered advice on what to get.
Described all the menu ites and what is in them.

The pork just melts in your mouth, and the rice and beans was tasty.
The Cubana was also excellent.
Super friendly service!
Have to go back soon to try the pastels and the tres leches...

