Historic Connections is a shop taking advantage of the tourist influx of the Royal Mile on which it's located.
This store specialises in jewellry of celtic designs, as well as Rennie Mackintosh and other associated Scottish or Scottish-esque styles.
Historic Connections does do a good job of standing out as not another mere tourist trap, after all some of the more down market shops also sell similar items.
Yet I have never found anything particuarly unique about the shop.
In particular the celtic designs are fairly predictable.
Perhaps though this is what its clientele want.
Certainly the quality isn't bad.
Furthermore the prices are very reasonable, with large discounts of up to 50% compared with other shops.
Historic Connections also sells some other related gifts like pen sets, fridge magnets and bookmarks.
They also have a good online store.

Another gift shop, part of the seemingly endless stream of them on the Royal Mile.
This shop, Historic Connections, is very much a speciality store.
It has a focus on jewellery, with a superb range of Mackintosh, Celtic and Luckenbooth jewellery.
The walls were absolutely crammed with the stuff, with necklaces, bracelets and rings of every conceivable design on display.
Prices were very reasonable, and there was a sale on at the time of my visit as well, with some good deals to be had.
The shop was also pretty busy when I went in, showing that it is doing the right thing in bringing in the customers.
It seems that this is a good amount of demand for the stuff that they're selling.
A comprehensive website also serves this store well, with a professional design that will provide potential customers with all that they need to know about what is on offer.
I will be bearing this in mind next time I need to make a jewellery purchase.

Celtic Jewellery is yet another jewellers on the Royal Mile stocking Scottish inspired pieces aimed at tourists.
Most, if not all of the items are sterling silver and all very reasonably priced.
You could pick up something for only £10 which is a great price for a wearable piece of jewellery that will remind you of your trip to Scotland.
As I have seen jewellery like this a zillion, squillion times, it no longer excites me but I can see why it's so popular with pretty Celtic inspired swirls and patterns.
In addition to jewellery they also have plates, cutlery, hip flasks, picture frames and other knick knacks all with thistles, Celtic patterns or other decoration in keeping with the Scottish theme.

