As usual, I left it far too late to book my appointment and so I couldn't get in at the Charlie Miller in Harvey Nicks where I've been going for years.
I'd never been to the Frederick Street branch, and I have to admit I was a bit nervous about letting a total stranger loose on my hair.
I shouldn't have worried.
From the moment I walked in everyone was really friendly and welcoming, and even though I'd arrived early the stylist saw me almost straight away.
All the usual trimmings were there - the complimentary refreshments, the AMAZING head massage when my conditioner was being applied and the top-quality products that they use.
But why not 5 stars?
The stylist caught my ear with her comb a few too many times for my liking.
But that was honestly the only thing I can find to gripe about; everything else was perfect.

Given our recent burst of monsoon weather and intermittent sunshine, the humidity was giving me a full on Crystal Tips 'do' and I couldn't handle it.
Us women can have a love-hate relationship with our hair.
On the days it doesn't matter, it looks fab but in the days it does matter, I usually sport the 'dragged through a hedge backwards' look.
I had of course left it too late to get my regular student appointment at Charlie Miller so I got a last minute appointment without the 40% student discount as there is a big conference presentation coming up and a Fro wasn't part of the look I was thinking of.
I love going to Charlie Miller as the Shu Umera and Kerastase products are lovely and a relaxing head massage just makes it such a great experience.
Last minute meant I have just paid for the most expensive haircut I've ever had (not coloured) at £58 but its the best I've ever had.
Natalie is amazing and discussed what I wanted and made suggestions before it came to the chop.
I've had haircuts before where I've came out of the salon thinking that I can't wait to head home and sort my hair but I just love my hair and I'll be ditching the student haircuts and booking Natalie every 3 months!
CM is well worth a visit and they often have special offers on, if like me, you like you beauty on a budget where possible!

