Surprise surprise.
At a first glance, it's very suspicious.
I thought it's just another Mexican restaurant on Park street.
Not really.
It's actually a sister restaurant to the next door Inca Heritage.
It's a very homey, casual version of it.
The menu offers somewhat intriguing selection of latin fast food (sorry if my characterization is wrong).
They offer a lot of grilled chicken dishes, sandwich with grilled chicken/meat, and rice bowls.
While waiting for my gal pals for a lunch, I decided to order fried plantain and fried sweet-potatoes for appetizers.
They were ok. For the main meal, I ordered their chopped beef + egg rice bowl.
Wowza - unexpectedly delicious.
The service was awkward but very pleasant.
The good lunch experience made me wanting more.

The atmosphere was pretty lame, but it could be worse.
The prices were reasonable, and my boyfriend's food looked and smelled fine.
I wish I could have tried more than a salad, but there were no vegetarian dishes available.
I was fairly surprised by this as Inka Heritage has several vegetarian options, and it is, after all, Madison.
They didn't offer accommodations either.
I hope they change the menu a little so that I can try it soon.

I'm really impressed with this place: delicious food at an affordable price.
Don't go for the atmosphere, but it's great for take-out.
I'm from Peru so I'm biased toward that part of the menu, but I've gone back again and again, so I've tried quite a bit.
My favorite of the sanguches is the chicharrón, but the Peruvian sautée is also very good, as well as the Colombian rellenito if you like morcilla (like blood sausage).
From the chicken chops, I've only tried the Peruvian.
The serving was large for the price, and the chicken was much tastier than I expected, while the rice was good, but not really special.
The arepas are quite good, and specially so when dipped in the huacatay sauce, which I can't stop putting on everything.
The other sides I've tried (papa rellena, tamale, fried sweet potatoes) have been nice, but not outstanding.
Out of the desserts, I think I've only tried the lúcuma mousse, which is really good on its own or as the end of a more than satisfying meal.
From the drinks, I suggest the chicha morada.
Overall, it tastes very authentic and I hope it catches on, because it's already one of my favorites.
Not a fancy place at all, but the food is really great if you know what to order.

A tasty lunch at a very reasonable price!
We went right at noon and they were not busy.
Only had 1 waiter/counter person on staff so service was a bit slow but the food was pretty good.
We had the Peruvian Chicken Chop Bowl, the Mexican Chicken Chop Bowl, sweet potato fries and a yummy drink.
Whole bill was $18, I think.
Best parts: the chop bowls and the drink.
Worst parts: they were out of horchata (sad) and the fries were served room-temp at best - not certain if they were supposed to be hot or cold or ???
But - I'd certainly go back and recommend others to check it out.

I've only done take-out from Fiesta 38 and I can definitively say its awesome.
Add in the fact that the prices are a steal and they deliver and you get 5 stars from me.
The Cuban chopped bowl is delicious.
When I first opened the container I was disappointed as it looked like a typical, boring take-out rice dish.
I was way wrong.
The meat is smokey, the rice is flavorful and their homemade sauces are incredible.
Give it a shot.

So yummy!
The atmosphere isn't the greatest, and the service is pretty slow, even when there aren't many people there, but the food makes up for it!
I've been there several times and everything is so tasty.
My favorite is the Cuban chopped bowl.
I'm excited they deliver now and will have to try that soon :)

Though their lunch service is really really slow, their food more than makes up for the wait.
Plus they keep bringing chips and a fantastic cilantro salsa out, making the wait not seem so bad.
The Cubanito is the best pulled pork sandwich I have ever had, with delicious homemade bread.
It's now my second favorite sandwich in Madison.
Their chop bowls are all really tasty as well.

Very good, excellent value, we had Cuban and Peruvian platters.
Both perfectly cooked, seasoned, and served promptly.
Absolute return.

