Trouve is a little gem of a shop.
Situated in the Newington area of Edinburgh, Trouve is just a short walk from the city centre and it is close to the University so it is a convenient place for students to shop.
Trouve just opened several months ago and so it is still establishing itself in the women's clothing market in Edinburgh, but it is doing well so far.
I thought from the look of the shop on the outside that it would sell gorgeous clothes but at a really steep price.
The clothes are gorgeous, the prices are incredibly reasonable, verging on being cheap.
Trouve sells clothes for every occasion including T-shirts, skirts, cocktail dresses and floor length gowns.
The clothes are all incredibly well made and are of excellent quality.
T-shirts and skirts cost about £15 and cocktail dresses about £30 - wow!
Trouve sells beautiful vintage dresses which cost about £80 and I have my eye on a floor length green gown which I am determined I am going to buy!
As well as clothes, Trouve sell a range of accessories such as scarves, bags and jewellery, which are again very well priced.
The clothes are really fun and funky and the staff are really friendly and knowledgeable about their stock which adds up to an excellent shopping experience.
I cannot recommend this store more highly.

With a beautiful window display and bright red love hearts on the sign Trouve is a very inviting place for a shopaholic girly girly like me.
I'd never seen Trouve before I stumbled across it just last week and after noticing in the window that it stocked both retro and modern, I decided to take a trip inside.
Inside, it's very well organised and the shop assistant was very friendly.
The dresses are stunning and of excellent quality, I couldn't believe it when I saw a stunning cocktail dress for £70!
Considering the style and the quality it was an absolute steal!
In addition to clothing they also stock shoes, handbags, jewellery and other accessories which are also very quirky and reasonably priced too.
They also sell casual clothes but it was the dresses that caught my eye and the next time I need one for a special occasion I will definitely be coming back!

Although immediately disadvantaged by having a Y chromosome, I still enjoyed this little boutique.
Going along with my lady friend I could see the excitement in her eyes before we stepped through the doors upon seeing the love hearts outside.
Offering clothes that are funky, hip and other adjectives from the 60s, there is a veritable feast of style in Trouvé (as you'd expect from a shop with a 'quirky' French name hinting at thrift store chic) .
With cheap t-shirts (around £15-20), skirts and dresses, there is a surprising amount of choice in this small store, largely down to the fact it is very well laid out.
Pride of place are the vintage dresses ( about £75-100) and even as a guy I was impressed.
In addition to the clothes there are cool little nick nacks, jewellery and a good selection of shoes and bags, basically a girl's night out in one shop and who can say no to that.
To add to this the staff are equally en vogue and have excellent product knowledge; it looks like they actually care about the stuff they are selling which makes a nice change.
The only downside is that it is so popular with ma petite amie that I am  not likely to stop hearing about it any time soon, which to be honest is not really the shop's fault.
Vive la Trouvé!

I stumbled upon Trouve completely by accident - I went for a stroll and ambled into this lovely area of Edinburgh.
I was enticed in by their promise to deliver lovingly preserved second hand clothing to the ladies of Edinburgh!
I was sold before I'd even approached!
The dresses in here are in stunning condition, and all are proudly displayed on their hangers.
They are mostly second hand but carefully chosen by the owner, who customers stopping by during my visit kept raving about!
Always a good sign.
The ladies occupying the shop were relaxed and friendly, having a good chat with me while I browsed.
The clothing and accessories were all utterly unique and absolutely divine.
I usually avoid big designers but when they are all displayed in such a fashion, and with the prices deflated, I have been enlightened and can now see why girls go crazy for them.
Everything was colourful without being garish, and of impeccable quality.
I bought an unusual ring out of Trouve for a reasonable price - it was too difficult to leave empty handed - and I had to hurl myself through the door before I went back to spend more money on a dress I fell in love with, and a pair of earrings I knew I didn't need (but wanted...badly).
I felt pampered and well looked after without the shop assistants being too gushy or sleazy.
They were genuinely lovely people who cared about their business - a very rare quality.
It was bizarre in this day and age to see how a little business becomes pivotal to part of as community.
Each and every customer asked for the owner, and one customer boasted of her entire outfit that day having been bought in here over the years!
I can see why the girls love it so much - the shop owner runs wine tastings and other such girly events in store, adding spice to the art of shopping.
I can't praise Trouve enough.
It's got to the point I want to persuade my boss to get her wedding dress from here, and even if you don't buy anything (unlikely, ladies) you'll be bowled over by how lovely the shop assistants are.
Just amazing.
At the risk of starting a stampede, I should tell you that they had a rather foxy Prada dress for forty quid.
Go, go, go!

