You don't have to be the most observant person in the world to notice that this part of Newington has more small hotels than is really necessary, and that there's usually very little difference between them.
Which is why I think Gabbro really makes the Salisbury Hotel a cut above the others.
It's got a big garden area where you can make the most of the rare sunny days in Scotland were it's warm enough to eat al fresco, but the inside is just as gorgeous with all the dark brown leather and mirrors giving it a modern vibe.
A lot of the food on the menu sounded quite predictable, which is why I only gave it 4 stars and not 5 - things like fish & chips or risotto that you'll find on menus everywhere.
But they do offer one or two really quirky dishes such as the watermelon, strawberry, feta and black pepper salad that I had for my starter.
Not only was it extremely tasty, at only £3.95 it was great value for money.
Due to its location, tucked down a little side street off Newington road, not many people know about it.
But it's definitely worth a visit.

Wow I love it when I find a place really not expecting much but discover it offers much more than you might expect (if that makes sense?!).
We absolutely needed somewhere with a garden or play area to accommodate 5 very active kids and someone suggested Cafe Cassis on Salisbury Road.
Most of us mistook it for the big place opposite the Commie Pool but it's at the other end past the Synagogue.
Anyway, it does have an excellent garden for kids and very welcoming service.
Nice layout, small bistro style with a decent Sunday brunch menu (with kids options).
Something really good and French going on in the kitchens which makes it a cut above some competitors.
Nice Sunday Roast for £9.95, various good lamb, chicken dishes.
One issue is very short on veggie options.
I had a really good quality rib eye steak, well cooked and presented, at a decent enough price.
Also good bread and butter pudding (fellow diners enjoyed the cassis sorbet).
Didn't know about this place, bit out of the way but worth a visit, and the garden makes it a real asset in the nice weather (if or when that returns).

