What do you expect?
It's a post office .
This location has been around a long time, first one in Ahwatukee.
It looks like it's been around a while and the parking lot isn't the most convenient.
The staff is hit or miss on friendliness; sometimes you'll get someone in a good mood, sometimes not.
This location is close to home and the one I use most often.
I like to get fun stamps to send postcrossing.com postcards!
Again, it's a post office, enough said.

Like the previous review...It's a Post Office.
Kind of like the DMV...sometimes long lines and lots of waiting.
Today was a decent visit.
We arrived with some loose items that needed Priority Envelopes.
We were able to fill them out, load them up, and then get in line.
The line was about 7 deep and initially moved rather slowly.
That was because they only had one person working the counter...she called for reinforcements and things speeded up from there.
It really was not that long of a wait.
Usually I go to the drive-thru drop as it does not require me to have to deal with the humane element.
As far as Post Offices go, this one is pretty good.

Good lord.
If you want to feel like an idiot just for just trying to figure out which packaging is best to use, come here.
A pretentious lady who dresses like she's reliving the 80's will make you realize just how important customer service really is.

It's the post office...what can I say?
Although, Michelle is awesome and friendly!

Take in consideration that All USPS offices are slow cause they handle ALL kinds of transactions that only a Federal employee can understand.
The only exception is the people behind the counter.
My experience with Lorraine (sp) was a fast, friendly and no stress experience.
Lost my passport and she walked me thru all the federal maze in a efficient and friendly manner.
If you need a passport, do your homework first and bring all the docs they need.
If you do that, this is the place to get one!

This post office is horrible.
Let me rephrase that.
The employees at this post office are HORRIBLE!
They are rude and disrespectful.
I don't care if you are mailing one letter or 100 packages, they are just plain nasty.
Avoid this post office at ALL cost, unless you like being treating like crap.

