This coffee box isn't the one I frequent most often, but I have been there more times than I can count on both my hands.
So, not often is relative to how much coffee I drink.
Which is a lot.
Which means that 'not often' is actually quite often.
All the coffee boxes pretty much provide all the same services, but each comes with its own little worker, and somehow, the man who owns all the coffee boxes is very good at hiring really charming people with excellent taste in music and impeccable coffee-making skills.
And there are homemade muffins to boot!
My favourite muffin + coffee experience was from one of the coffee boxes.
I'd skipped breakfast to run to class, so when I escaped for caffeine I got myself a chocolate & chili muffin, which was mouth-wateringly good.
And the 'mouth-watering' in that is not because of the chili, but because of the good.
Even though this box here is competing with two Starbucks and a Peter's Yard, it still has its faithful clientele.

I came here every day during the final weeks of my student life as it is on the way to my school building where I spent many a long, caffeinated day.
No matter what the time, day or weather the people who work here are smiley and friendly.
Great coffee and despite the size of the place they have all the ingredients to make as many different kinds of coffee as the Starbucks it is sandwiched between and for half the price.
My advice is stick to the coffee though, I once had one of the homemade muffins on offer and they were dry and didn't taste of much.
It's shame but other than that this place is great and all power to it for sticking around despite all the surrounding competition.

To be honest I only first bought coffee from this guy because I though it was amusing that he worked in a 'police box' and I had walked past him day in day out for the last year politely nodding but avoiding getting dragged in.
Eventually I caved and got a cappuccino from him and I  was impressed.
People say it's hard to screw up a cappuccino but you'd be surprised.
It was full flavoured and had loads of chocolate sprinkles on the top, which makes a cappuccino for me.
Also I know everyone bangs on about the goddam 'corporations', but I genuinely do prefer giving my money to a bloke stuck in a box making coffee that is just as good if not better than Starbucks / Nero etc.
I am not one of those triple-cinnamon-mocha-latte-frappe-crappaccino people, but if you like a complex mix of syrups and foam blah blah blah then somehow he has everything you could want in his little cabin.
Also, as most of his clientèle are students, you can be guaranteed that it is cheaper than the aforementioned coffee giants.

