They came to my work and replaced my windshield in 45 minutes, while I was working.
Their technician Micah was very professional, called to give me an approximate time to expect him and explained everything he would be doing to my vehicle.
I am very pleased with the service they offer, including the free window cleaning and vacuuming.
Would definitely recommend them and use them again!

This is the second time Ive used Safelite.
I am thrilled with customer service.
The windshield was replaced and looks very good.
The tech was very polite and professional.
While replacing the windshield he dropped something on my hood and the clear-coat is gone in a two inch radius.
I called Safelite and I heard a very sincere apology and an immediate effort to fix the problem.
No questions, no hassles.
Safelite is paying to have the hood of my truck fixed and providing me with a rental car while the work on my truck is being done.
KUDOS to you Safelite.
Thank you!!
Thank you!

Great service

....seriously.... driving to AZ today from home (Las Vegas) and what happens?
Does a cute burro run out and lick my car?
Does a DHS officer tag me at 79?
Does a giant semi-throw rocks up and crack my windshield?
NO, NO, NO... but somewhere in an alternate universe an INVISIBLE semi driving in the trees throws a teeny rock at my windshield and THWACK there's a chip/crack on my passenger side glass and- no joke - nothing around me that tossed it up...  After about 10 minutes of being annoyed I decided that instead of waiting until I am back in LV to get it fixed, where it might grow over the course of the week (thanks 105 degrees outside) I did what any tech savvy nerd would do and asked Siri where the nearest Safelite AutoGlass shops were near my hotel.
I've used them before as this was not my first dance with flying rocks on the highway between Las Vegas and Phoenix (dad gum it).
I will admit it would have been really hard to find had I not had my trusty Apple guide along with me but sure enough I rolled up 1hr 15min later to Safelite on N 20th.
The lady inside was friendly and told me it would be a little while since there was a customer in front of me (no biggie laptop/work time)!
I was afraid it might be too big to fix... it was not.
They had me done in no time, for a really reasonable rate and now it just looks like there is a bit of a smudge on my glass.
I would HIGHLY recommend this spot to anyone with pesky chips... and I don't mean Pesky Pescado fish taco chips.

My windshield has had a few chips for a while (one of the joys of living in AZ) but they weren't in my line of vision so I just left them.
Then about a week ago I finally got one that turned into a big crack that basically went across the entire bottom of my windshield.
I decided I probably shouldn't just let it sit there so I made an appointment with Safelite.
When I arrived I was a little worried at first that I was at the wrong place because while it said "Safelite" on the front it looked like an office building.
I walked in and was greeted right away and the receptionist even knew my name since apparently I was the only one scheduled at that time.
She had me take a seat while she let someone know I was there.
The technician came out and explained the process and told me it would be about an hour to an hour and a half.
To my surprise about 35 minutes later someone let me know it was done, I just had to wait 25 more minutes for the adhesive to set.
All in all it was an easy, smooth experience and everyone I dealt with was friendly and had good customer service.
I'll definitely be recommending everyone to come here if they need anything done.

The replacement guy came out, removed the rear window knowing the replacement glass probably wouldn't fit, then told me it would be three months until the new glass came in but they would wrap it with plastic.
In the meanwhile, I now have a truck I can barely use for three months, and it's a theft risk and my dogs can't ride it in because they'll put their faces through the plastic.
When I called the manager to complain, he admitted they knew this might not work but never informed me before they took the glass out it would be three months before they could get a replacement.
This is a cluster.
Their solution?
I should "call around" because I'm "welcome" to find an alternative to the problem they created.

