The Waverley has never really been on my radar.
That is, until the poetry geeks I know around Edinburgh decided to put on a, wait for it, poetry pub quiz session at the Waverley.
Wow, it sometimes hurts to admit to the kind of people I like in this city.
But yes, they organised a poetry pub quiz at the Waverley, and somehow, it worked.
And no-one left broken-armed or black-eyed.
Surprisingly.
Them poet-types are sensitive souls, I hear, and sensitive souls get bullied by beer bellies, I hear.
This may all be a gross assumption.
The atmosphere in this pub is ok.
I was going to apply for a job here, once upon a time, but then get majorly put off by rumours about the staff being, to put it mildly, politically incorrect.
I mean, I didn't sense that at all when I was there, but I don't want to put myself in the position where I'm exposed to it.
So, sadly, I've never been back.

I threw an event here-- just an evening workshop-- and I found the staff to be superfriendly, the soul to be in significant evidence, and any sort of BNP or political anything to be nonexistent.
But, then, I don't live in Edinburgh, so I don't know what the reputation is.
If you come by during the day or early evening, you'll be greeted by the owner, who'll be pressed and dressed up most days.
He may be a little hard of hearing and he may have forgotten that he'd let you the upstairs.
That's all right though.
As long as it's not going to get rowdy.
Upstairs is papered over with comedy fliers and dodgy wiring.
You can imagine that this place looked the same (including some of the same dust!
) in 1964.
This pub is brilliant.
You'll get a decent pint.
The regulars are local, hones people out for a quiet-ish drink.
And it's awesome.
And it's about 12 seconds' walk from the Royal Mile.
I'ts grand.

Relaxed atmosphere.
Great place to talk with friends or with the friendly staff.
No TVs so you could chill out and read too.
I had a very nice experience here.

I've heard this pub have been going since the 60s, so it must be doing something right?!...
It's a bit of an Edinburgh institution and has an eclectic mix of your usual old men along side young artists and musos.
The décor is a mishmash of old posters, rope screen, original furniture and a traditional large bar.
There's an additional bar area upstairs.
Everything feels a little faded and dusty, like you've stepped back in time.
The drinks on offer aren't very extensive but you get them served in an old fashioned handled pint glass, which feels nice to drink out of.
The best bit is the Great Gatspy jazz music that's played, fits the place perfectly.

