Mansfield Traquair Centre.
It took me walking from Stockbridge to the bottom of Leith Walk to bump into this beauty again and remember what it was called.
The last time I was there, I had a magical glass that just kept getting filled and refilled with champagne, and wine that kept mysteriously appearing in front of me.
It was a wedding.
And what a venue.
This building had just never been under my radar.
Maybe because I'd never been to a wedding before, maybe because the inside doesn't really even give you a hint of what it's like inside.
There's a garden out back, which is vaguely protected from the wind and then three floors of stuff that I didn't really see.
What I do remember being completely enthralled by was the main hall, that's covered by murals painted by Anna Traquair.
The building's about 100 odd years old and has the highest ceilings I've ever seen in Edinburgh (it's used to be a church).
I don't know what the deal is with being able to visit it, but if you spot an event going on in here, go go go!
It's stunning.

A simply stunning building that was the perfect setting for the recent Cocktails in the City event that visited Edinburgh.
For that event, about 12 of Edinburgh's best bars had their own mini-bars to shake up some amazing cocktails.
There was music, there was purple mood-lighting, there was a good crowd and ample space.
It was warm, it was atmospheric, and even though it was busy and it has hugely tall ceilings (it is a converted church) the acoustics were good.
So for evening, drink-events it was a wonderful venue and I couldn't have chosen better myself.
The building itself, for what it is, is glorious.
Amazing colourful paintings on the ceiling mean it still holds some of its original splendour and reminds you of what it used to be.
I always feel a bit odd drinking in a converted Church, I can't shake that off, but the apart from the ceiling and grand stone walls, you could make the Mansfield Traquair into whatever you need it to be for an event.

An interesting building with a fascinating history, the Mansfield Traquair Centre is a dual-use office  and events space at the bottom of Bonnington Road.
From the outside, it looks like an impressive if unremarkable sandstone church, though in truth it hasn't been used for worship for decades.
Indeed, if you ask Edinburghers of a certain age, they'll tell you (rightly) that there was once an amazing night club in the basement.
Walk through the bright red front door though, into the nave, and you'll see what makes this place really special.
The famous murals, painted in the 1890s by Arts & Crafts heroine Pheobe Anna Traquair, are as beautiful as they are bizarre, from the spectacular choir of angels to the abundance of parrots and tropical fruit.
No dour crucifixion scenes here.
Of course, all of this was very nearly lost when the Catholic Apostolics* who built it fizzled out and left the building to fall into ruin.
It was only thanks to a lengthy and expensive restoration project in the '90s that it's in such a great state today.
It's honestly worth trying to make one of the (fairly regular) open Sundays, where a lovely volunteer will show you around, pointing out the mural's many in-jokes and giving you a bit of the history.
The centre plays host to regular events, from weddings to concerts and corporate functions (though I've only been there for the Whisky Fringe).
Saunter by at the weekend and you'll usually catch a glimpse of something spectacular being set up through the open side door.
Poke your head in and pretend to be a lost tourist if anyone shouts.
Lovely.
* A quick note on the Catholic Apostolics - surely one of the most lovable Christian sects you'll ever meet.
Founded in the mid 19th century, they believed Christ was just on the cusp of making another appearance to sort us all out.
So he could hit the ground running (there was a lot to sort out in the mid 19th century) they appointed 12 apostles in advance.
Unfortunately, the risen son of God rudely failed to show and the last apostle died in 1901, at which point the congregation quickly dwindled, leaving only their penchant for cheerfully camp religious art.

