I'd never eaten in a Filipino restaurant before this one, and in all honesty I probably wouldn't have if this one hadn't opened up round the corner from my flat.
But I'm really glad I did.
I had a chicken curry, which, although it was only mildly spiced compared to how I would normally have spicy food, the combination of the spiced chicken with papaya and coconut milk worked proved a really tasty combination.
Next time I'll be sampling something from their pork or seafood section of the menu, as they all looked really good as well.
Main courses range from £6-£9, and the starters and mains were considerably cheaper, which makes for a really nice meal at a surprisingly good-value price.
This, combined with the fact that this is one of probably not more than half a dozen Filipino restaurants in Edinburgh, makes this a good choice for those times when you fancy eating out and want something different, but without breaking the bank.

This a great restaurant if you fancy an Asian meal with a twist - Filipino food has obvious Eastern influences but also a surprising amount of European ones, due to its colonisation by the Spanish.
This little restaurant is a good place for a date, as it's small and intimate.
The staff are really friendly and bend over backwards to make you feel welcome.
The food is really good, with a healthy mix of beef, chicken, pork and seafood.
The starters range from £3 to £4.50 and the breaded prawns are particularly good.
There is a good variety of mains as well, ranging from a fiver to £8.50 for the most expensive.
One of the highlights of Rice Terraces is that, unlike many cautious Chinese restaurants, they have more unusual selection of dishes including oxtail and tripe, milkfish and tilapia (a type of fish).
Pretty much all the fish dishes are good, especially the squid in garlic, vinegar and soy sauce, and the mixed noodles offer a good cheaper alternative.
The desserts are also really well thought out; they are original and compliment the meal nicely, with the best being the banana and jackfruit spring roll with coconut ice cream.
They have recently gained a licence, with the best being the Filipino San Miguel.
If you are looking for something a little different from the generic Asian fusion restaurants then this is definitely the place to go.

Had lunch here on Sunday of last weekend.
My companion and I were only one of 3 sets of diners but that could be down to the restaurant not being well known.
Given the quality of the food and the friendly service that state of affairs could well change so I'd suggest you head along as soon as you can before things get too busy.
We shared the 8 course fish menu and although I've no idea what any of the dishes were the presentation was very attractive and there was no more delay between courses than you'd averagely expect.
Our waitress was very attentive and overall it was a very pleasant dining experience which I'll happily repeat as the rest of the dishes on the menu look equally appetising.

Masarap!
It isn't as good as my mama's cooking, but if I can't have that, then this will be a good substitution.
The restaurant seating area is small as in not many seats.
When I walked in, the smell reminded me of home =).
I was greeted by the waiter and he is Filipino, so I knew would be very helpful.
There is a section of the menu that is dedicated to 2 people as it is a set menu:  a seafood set menu and a meat set menu.
With some items on the menu you also have the option to try kamayan, which is eating with your hands.
Most of the couples in there (seems to be a popular place for romantic dates) went straight for utensils, but there was one couple that wanted to try it.
The waiter explained the technique (yes... there is a technique) and he did a good job.
I started with the Lumpia Shanghai, pork eggrolls with a spicy sweet and sour dipping sauce.
Those were delicious, just like home.
I noticed my favourite dish on the menu, Sinigang na baboy, a tamarind based soup (sometimes called sour soup) with veggies and pork.
There is a small and a large size.
While the waiter said that the small size was like a starter and the large size was enough for two, I opted for the small size with a bowl of steamed rice.
He came out with a little box with holes at the top and candles inside, placed it on the table and placed a plate on it.
Now everyone was looking at me because I was the only one not ordering from the set menu.
He then came back with a bowl of rice and a bowl of sinigang.
He moved the plate onto the table and then placed the bowls of food on the box.
Clever idea!
When he said that the small portion was like a starter, he must've meant a starter for two because it was more than enough for me.
The rice was perfectly done (yes, I'm a snob about my rice).
And the sinigang was really good... only complaint was that some of the pork was a bit tough.
There were green beans, tomatoes, onions, and napa cabbage.
The broth was a little spicy, which was nice.
I did ask the waiter for patis, a fish sauce, to add a bit of salt to the broth.
They came through!
I also decided to have dessert, usually I opt for Halo Halo or Ube, but because I don't see it on menus often, I went for the Bibinka.
The Bibinka wasn't quite what I am familiar with, but it was still warm and tasty.
And... all of that (I had water to drink) was under £11.00.
I highly recommend this place (I walked 1.5 miles from my hotel to get there)... while it is authentic, it also provides a lot of dishes and even tutorials to help introduce people to Filipino food.
Was a bit sad that I couldn't come back for breakfast in the morning!

At last I've finally got round to trying out Rice Terraces!
The service is great - our waiter was really friendly.
We shared the breadcrumbed gambas (prawns) and vegetable lumpia - the prawns were nice, but neither dish had a lot of flavour.
Had me wishing I had gone for the fresh mackerel instead, but that can wait for another visit.
Because the boy didn't like the fish kamayan menu and I don't eat meat, we didn't try it this time round, but it will be on the list to try for next time to.
Instead, he tucked into barbeque pork, which surprised him by the lack of sauce while I pushed out my sensory boat by opting for bitter melon and prawns.
Note to self: now you've tried bitter melon, you never ever ever ever have to eat that again - never has a vegetable (or fruit) been more aptly named.
Sadly after trying it, it seemed to mask the flavour of the rest of the dish, so I didn't particularly enjoy my meal, although the bamboo rice that we shared was tasty.
For dessert, the boy tried out the jackfruit and banana pancake while I tucked into a surprisingly fruity leche flan.
Yum!
So in all honesty, I wasn't superwon over with my Filipino  restaurant experience, but I think it was through the choice of dish more than anything, so as I've mentioned already, we will go back to try some more before I fully make up my mind.

My mom is from the Philippines and when people find this out they sometimes ask what Filipino food is like.
I always say that it's a mish-mash of Spanish, American, and Chinese/Thai and that is absolutely delicious.
Sweet and sometimes spicy and there's a tang to it!
I first came to this restaurant last August when my sister was over visiting.
I had missed my mom's cooking and felt a little home sick so we decided heading to a Filipino restaurant would satisfy my craving.
I invited two friends who had never had Filipino food but were interested and eager to see what all the fuss (me complaining how much I missed pancit, pan de sal, and adobo) was all about.
It was amazing.
I was in heaven.
It was like my own mother was cooking for me.
I went again about a month ago for my friend's birthday.
Her boyfriend had never tried Filipino food but was very keen.
Again we were very pleased with the food.
If you are with group of at least four then I suggest you opt for the 'Kamayan' style dining option.
It's customary in the Philippines to eat with your hands so they provide each diner with a little bowl with warm water and lemon juice to rinse your hands between courses.
Alternatively, you can ask for cutlery (but there's not fun in that!).
The starter we received was a mix of pork and chicken skewers and lumpia (which are like mini spring rolls filled with pork and veges).
The next course was a chicken and ginger soup.
Note that the chicken still had bones in it.
We had a variety of the mains.
My friend's boyfriend really enjoyed the lechon (roasted pork).
For dessert, we decided to try all four (aside from the ice cream and halo halo).
The bibingka which is made from cassava root was very tasty as well as the leche flan (caramel/condensed milk) and the turon (friend banana).
Note we asked to switch some of the items on the set menu with some on the a la carte menu and they happily obliged.
The best part of the meal was the service.
I think it's part of the Filipino mentality but we were definitely impressed (both times!).
What I understand is that it is a small family that runs the restaurant and on both occasions the son was our server.
He went above and beyond what's expected and provided excellent knowledge and advice on everything we ate.
It's a fun and delicious dining experience.
If you are curious to taste what Filipino food is like then I highly suggest you try it out.

A hidden gem that I would easily classify as one of the best places in Edinburgh for a casual, friendly and quiet dinner.
Pros: very tasty food, appetizing food presentation, homy ambience, friendly and attentive waiters, one of the best value for money places I know.
Cons: mostly fried food, poor dessert selection, average decoration.
Comparison: As good as Indaba (but cheaper).
Better than Kampong Ah Lee, Kismot or Mosque kitchen.
Highly recommended!

