This is easily my favourite Chinese restaurant in Edinburgh.
It's hugely popular with the local Chinese community who flock here every night of the week because the food is just so authentic.
When I first came here it was unlike any other dining experience I've had.
The reason it's got 'Hotpot' in the name is because they stick a steaming cauldron of salted broth in front of you and you then order raw ingredients which you then cook inside it.
Now, surely this defeats the point of going out for a meal, but it's actually a great concept.
It's a lot easier than it sounds and you just stick in whatever you think might work (they offer recommendations)  and then eat it when you think it's ready.
I went for chicken with lemongrass, chilli and coriander which was actually really tasty and didn't take as long as I expected for it to cook.
They have a very plush wine list and some seriously stylish decor inside.
However, it certainly isn't pretensious and it's a great place to come for a meal off the beaten track.

This is a cool restaurant where you get a big cooking pot and you cook the meat for however or as short as you want.
You sit at a table where you put the pot on a big hob and a member of staff fills your pot up with hot boiling water.
The pot is partitioned meaning that you can have your own meats being cooked separately from your companions.
The concept is really cool, and I have never experienced it before, and I think it worked really well.
The restaurant is really great, the choice of food is huge and you can get an all you can eat within 2 hours for £15, which is pretty decent, however, bear in mind that you have to cook your food, meaning you don't et 2 hours straight of all you can eat.
The staff are more than happy to help you order and there are set ingredients that you can order if you don't feel like creating your own dish.
I would love to give this place five stars, but I can't as I can't help but feel that you are some how getting ripped off by having to cook your own dinner, even though that's the whole concept!

My friends and I had such a fun night at the Xiangbala Hotpot and I feel a little stingy to award an a-ok 3 stars, but although there's no doubt that we enjoyed our evening, we were all in agreement that the ingredients and the restaurant's facilities could be improved.
We opted for the £15 menu and we were given a tick-sheet of broths / foods that we'd like to try.
We selected almost everything on the list, including edible fungus, pickled chicken claws and tea-leaf eggs!
There were lots of lovely fresh veggies and the king prawns were delicious, but the cooked meats were quite dry and some of the other items weren't the best.
For sauces & dips there's a single table, so that customers can help themselves and for us it was quite tricky to work out what was what (other than the large carton marked MSG - we avoided that one!).
It would be nice if the restaurant could provide each table with their own selection of condiments instead.
Cooking our own food was great and I'd recommend the experience to other friends who have no fear of trying new things.
I'll definitely try hotpot restaurants again, but will probably not return to Xiangbala.

My husband and I love going to Hot Pot places and only get the opportunity when we are in a big city like Edinburgh or London.
Xiang Bala had a decent selection for the all-you-can-eat menu and had a nice choice of broths, although we saw the special board after we ordered.
I give it 4 stars considering all restaurant experiences in Edinburgh, but only 3 stars as a Hot Pot venue.
I like the buffet of sauces, but I didn't like the inconsistency of portion size.
The first time we ordered 2 meats, they shared a plate, the next time we ordered 2 meats we received two full plates, twice as much!
I felt bad that we didn't eat it all and wasted food.
I'd definitely go again, but wouldn't be my main hot pot spot if I were in NYC Chinatown or even London.

