Of all the millions of places that my friend and I searched through when trying to find a city centre flat, the one marketed by The Edinburgh Letting Co was by far the nicest.
The viewing was arranged really quickly, and when we were looking around it the agent wasn't doing that whole annoying 'big sell' routine that so many letting agents do.
She simply let us look around and talk amongst ourselves, yet she was more than ready to answer any questions we had.
Which brings me to the next good thing about these guys: I've lost count of how many times you ask an agent a simple question, like whether or not there's a parking space included, or whether or not you have to pay a communal stair cleaning charge etc, and they stare at you blankly and mumble something about how they have no idea.
The woman who showed us around this particular was definitely on the ball.
We were that impressed, that we paid our deposit that same afternoon, in their lovely offices just off the west end of Princes Street.
The company is relatively small - I think there are only one or two people who work there, which meant that the service was friendly and personal.
When we walked in the person in the office actually knew who we were, unlike in some of the bigger letting firms.
The rent on the flat is higher than any other property that we looked at, which is why I'm only giving 4 stars.
But other than that, there's very little to fault these guys on.

As a professional female I have tried to arrange a viewing via this company on numerous occasions but they never bothered to called me back with a date despite they promised they would.
And the reason for this wasn't because the property was taken - it was still available on their website for another month!
When you call in they ask you millions of questions about your employment, where you stay, who you live with, if you have to give notice etc.
which I find very intrusive and unprofessional taking into account this is your first contact with the agency.
I believe that this agency is very selective when it comes to viewings so they do not have to move their lazy assess from the office.
If you do not want to do your job properly as other agencies do, there is no point of your company staying on the market... Jo

