I wanted to do some price comparison to see if this place could be a savings over my vision insurance options.
I have several pairs of glasses that based on my previous insurance are loaded up with all the niceties that Pearl Vision has to offer.
I no longer work for the company that gave that type of vision coverage.
I have visited this location twice in the last six months and the experience both times has been poor.
The first time there were already customers looking at glasses when I walked in so no one greeted me.
I looked around and left and don't think anyone noticed.
That can be great if you don't want to be bothered however if you have questions or are a social person that type of treatment can be offsetting.
This next time I was greeting right when I walked in and told if I had questions to ask.
Nice.
I looked around and when I found my frames went to the counter.
The sales woman was snarky and I don't even think that she was aware of it.
She could not answer my questions without basing them on the current type of glasses I was wearing.
I have several pairs of glasses that based on my previous insurance are loaded up with all the niceties that Pearl Vision has to offer Helpful in overwhelming me but not so much in just answering my basic question; being with the promo offered what do you really get..

I've been going there for year because it is a great deal on an exam and glasses.
However, now I am extremely disappointed.
I made an eye exam wanting contacts - however they would not release my prescription as I could not come back.
Now that I can - they are telling me I need another appointment even though I just had one in July.
I feel like I'm being scammed for $70 more dollars when all I wanted was contacts 6 months ago.
I will start shopping around for other providers.

I've been coming here since high school in Illinois, so when I moved to Arizona I just figured it was easiest to continue coming here.
I've always had a fine experience here.
Normally the wait isn't too long and they don't usually try to make me buy anything I don't want.
I always get the 3-year contract.
However, make sure you make a note of when your contract is up because when you want more contacts they will make you come in again for another exam and all of that.
So I just order a ton right before that agreement is up so that it can actually push me another year before I have to sign up again.

I've been coming to this location for the past three years and I have no complaints.
Every time I come in for an eye exam and contacts the whole process runs smoothly and I have had no major issues.
It's convenient and at a reasonable price I don't see why I'd go anywhere else.
Not much to report here really other than after about four visits, this place is batting 1.000 (that's "they have been perfect" for the non-baseball fans out there).

Mandatory, yet horrible classes for contacts.
After purchasing their contacts plan I was told I needed to take a class at the Tatum store.
I was given the class by Daniel, who for 20 minutes told me in a hostile tone how I was going to permanently screw up my eyes with these contacts, with stories about his idiot customers.
He then berated and cajoled me while I attempted to put the contacts in.
If he had left me alone for five minutes, I would have been fine.
Getting the prescription from them and getting the contacts online, which is what I should have done in the first place.
Just got word from them (three days later) They said that I would have to come back and take their stupid class from the embittered, failed optometry student to get the prescription from the optometrist.
This is in violation of Arizona Law so I might have to file a complaint with the Arizona Board of Optometry.
Go ahead, America's Worst.
Make my day.

Thank you to Daniel, the manager, for being SO attentive, informative, and knowledgable.
He repeatedly took me outside to compare lenses and made sure I understood every charge and aspect of ordering my glasses.
I didn't need an exam today but I was still treated like a special customer.
Thanks!

My husband was the "patient," not me.
But I attended for moral - glasses picking out- support.
The selection was good, the staff was attentive, the facility was clean.
The prices were very fair and my husband found glasses he really liked.
The mAn that helped us, Daniel, was extremely knowledgable!!
He seemed to really know & enjoy his job and wAs very patient and attentive.
Bravo

