Update:  Hold the presses!
Tonight I returned to Pita di Vita and just discovered a salad that would launch a thousand ships.
Helen of Troy move over!
I ordered the Shrimp de Sol salad.
Was it cosmic convergence or dumb luck that found me the sort of salad that seduces you into eating it and then satisfies every part of your palate?
Even a manly man could sit down to this heaping bowl of garden greens, red onions, black beans, sweet corn, avocado, gourmet dressing, and grilled  jumbo-sized shrimp and satisfy the deep hunger that lingers within.
Add to that ensemble a soft, warm pita topped with artisan cheese and you have love.
Hey, I am not afraid to say that I was beside myself in consuming this magnificent culinary feat.
Beautiful salad.
Do I love thee?
Let me count the ways.
Original Review: Ate at Pita di Vita last night.
Thumbs way up!!!
Most of the trainers at Funktional Fitness swear by this place so I had to go see what all the rage was about.
It's true.
The rich variety of pita offerings is impressive.
I had the falafel pita.
It rocked--and falafel pitas and I go way back.
The salads and paninis look very inviting.
The ingredients were fresh.
The service was professional and fast.
The guy who owns the place is really friendly.
Lots of good looking, healthy people stop by given that this place is next to a very popular workout scene.
I highly recommend that you stop by.
They have something for everyone at an affordable price.
Eat well.
Be well.

I rarely write a negative review, but my experience at Pita di Vita tonight was enough for me to say, "Forget it.
There are a lot of Mediterranean style restaurants that do a better job.
" My daughter and I had to repeat our orders to the cashier several times.
Then the order was wrong.
I'd asked for baklava packaged to go and never got it.
When I asked him whether that showed up on a receipt, he said no, that he didn't know I'd asked for it.
I don't know if his hearing was poor, but he really seemed to have difficulty getting the order right.
On my dish, the chicken wasn't very flavorful although my daughter enjoyed her dish.
I wouldn't go back to this place...more of a hassle than it's worth.

I have tried almost everything on the menu and have not been disappointed.
Love love love the tuna melt!

Three words: Shrimp del Sol.
I LOVE this salad.
So fresh, healthy and good!
The dressing is citrusy and spicy, while being light and not overbearing.
The chipotle pita cheese crisps are to die for and are the perfect compliment to the salad.
Highly recommended!

My 1st experience there started off on the wrong foot, but I enjoyed the food so I gave it a second chance - I'm glad I did.
Knowing I had no cash when I got there I asked if they take debit/credit just to be sure and the cashier said no - only Amex.
Hmmm.
I said ok, strange, and started walking out when she said oh wait they take everything but Amex.
Ok, so I ordered a falafel pita and salad.
Paid, sat down, then found out they were out of falafel, so I got the chix shawarma instead.
The pita was really good, overflowing with fillings, very flavorful, fresh veggies and it was nice & juicy.
The salad was fairly standard Greek fair with mixed greens but it was fresh & tasty.
Generous portions for both, right around $9.
Because I did enjoy the food I went back and got that falafel pita I wanted so much, it was really good as well.
I like that they put some hummus on the falafel pita, and both pitas had plenty of pickles - a favorite of mine.
The place is tidy, has a pretty varied menu, decent prices and so far so good with the food.

Best Chicken Shawarama in town hands down.
I like pita jungle and some of the other local places that are similar but for pure food taste and quality, this is the best in town.

My visit at Pita di Vita was excellent!
I liked how there were pictures of all the food.
It was very clean and the guy that took our order was extremely friendly and a lot of help.
I ordered the Spicy Chicken pita wrap.
It was so good, lots of flavor, and HUGE!
I will definitely be going back to this place!

By no means the best Mediterranean food I've had, but definitely not the worst.
It was actually very good and the only thing that I think could use some work is the hummus, which I found to be rather flat.
I tried the Di Vita Salad and was surprised by the overall size of it, by the ample quantity of nicely grilled chicken that topped it, and the overall quality of the produce, especially the green beans and artichoke hearts.
My son had a kids meal.
He enjoyed the grilled chicken (nice to not see fried chicken strips on a kids menu for once), but eschewed the side salad and hummus.
This didn't surprise me a bit, though.
I'm looking forward to my next trip to Pita di Vita.

My husband and I just went for the first time.
It was delicious!
I had the Shrimp del Sol salad.
The shrimp were perfectly cooked and the spices on it were so yummy.
The dressing is tart but a little sweet.
I could eat it by itself.
We got hummus as well, it was even more delicious at room temperature.
The portions are huge and the service was great.
This is a new favorite place for us.

Just saw a coupon for this place  in a "Gilbert North-Hometown Values" booklet that we got in the mail.
Check the website out and loved that they have pictures of each dish.
My Hubby went and got take out from there.
Well, he said it was super clean and they have such great employees.
The employees there were super warm and welcoming.
We got the Gyro Pita's and OMG I am in love.
the food in so fresh and healthy!
He got me a Greek side salad.
It has fresh crisp romaine and another I can't name.
With feta cheese and sliced cucumbers (no skins) and a dressing that is amazing.
I think it's the lemon vinaigrette & I am super impressed.
I've never been a fan of feta but now I am with this salad & dressing.
Now I am ready to explore the menu more, normally I don't try to many new things, but I will at this place.
Also I am  impressed on how fresh and great the food was.
It's hard to get good romaine or lettuce from restaurants & the grocery stores these days!
Bty, I forgot to give my hubby the coupon, but now I have a reason to go back sooner, lol ;-)  Oh, they have a menu for the kids, it only has 2 items on it but thats more than other Greek places I've been 2.
They have a cheese crisp so I can take my picky 5 year old there with out having to get her food somewhere else.

Awesome!

YUM YUM YUM!
I went there on a whim and was at first a little worried, since there were zero customers in the small dining area when I walked in.
However, after making a few random selections from the menu (with guidance from the nice girl at the register), I was overly pleased.
The food was DELISH and I have gone back again since.
I would highly recommend the spicy chicken wrap - soooo good!
The prices are very reasonable.
The dining atmosphere isn't awesome, hence the 4-stars (we did carry out both times), but still, I am now a repeat customer!

First yelp.
Be kind.
:)  Was Friday lunch when a friend and I decided to try this local joint.
It's located in a shopping center, next to the mega Lifetime gym in Gilbert.
Easy to miss since it's tucked away in the corner but just know that it is in the same plaza as Zipps Bar and Grill.
The place was quaint, non pretentious, hybrid of a cafe and fast food set up, which is a casual place to relax and catch up with a friend.
They have a couple patio sets out front to dine at as well.
Most traffic coming in and out of the restaurant that day was for take out.
The menu looked fresh and tasty.
Their website is done well and was one of the reasons that got me here in the first place.
Prices are good for the amount of food you get.
I ordered the Spicy Chicken Wrap.
It was the size of a Chipotle burrito but with much bolder flavors and a punch.
It was filled with rice, black beans, chicken in a wonderful spicy sauce, jalapenos and other goodness that tasted really well together.
Came with a side of yogurt sauce that helped balance the heat.
Really was a great meal enveloped in a warm flour wrap.
Couldn't finish the darn thing so let my friend have at it and he agreed to the tastiness.
My friend got the Chicken Shawarama which I had a taste.
Chicken tender, more fresh veggies so it is lighter than the Spicy Chicken, but still very well seasoned.
It's wrapped in a Pita for easy enjoyment!
For both, bill was about $13.
In all, great tastes, good prices, easy atmosphere.
I would come back.
Only thing that I can dock on was that it was a tad bit slow to get our food considering we were the only ones there and no AC for first 15 minutes of sitting down but I had good company so its a minor critique.

I am a foodie guy, been all over Arizona searching for a good fresh bite from a Mediterranean restaurant.
I found Pita Di Vita by mistake while i was driving on warner road, stopped by and had Shawarma Sandwich my favorite, it was perfectly made and the garlic sauce is the secrete for this sandwich.
Honestly i can tell that i was impressed and i would nominate this restaurant as the BEST in Phoenix .

Very cute little spot.
I stopped in for lunch the other day, and I am very glad that I did.
You have to be on the lookout for it because it is fairly small compared to the other larger businesses around it.
From the looks of it, its family owned and operated.
The food was fantastic!
Very fresh and huge portions!
The woman behind the counter was very friendly and helpful.
I will be going back for sure!

Wonderful meal!
I had the chicken schawarma by recommendation of the woman taking our order.
My husband had the garlic shrimp.
Both were delicious.
This is a very casual, clean environment, paper plates, plastic forks etc.
but decent prices.
Nice people, good customer service.
No booze.

We order from Pita Di Vita about twice per month.
Nobody can grill chicken like this guy, it's just fantastic.
Very reasonably priced.
Probably the kind of place that you order takeout rather than going there to eat- not the greatest eat-in atmosphere.
As far as take out goes it can't be beat.
Fresh ingredients, health Mediterranean fare, friendly service.
I sincerely hope that these guys are around for a long time.
The Chicken Philly sandwich and Di Vita salad are our favorites.

I love this place!
I'm vegetarian and get the Falafal wrap at least a couple times a month.
I love the it's a smal privately owned place and every staff member has made me feel like a valued customer.

Mediterranean, sooo good!!
I can eat hummus all day.
Everything here is so fresh , healthy and good.
Also try the chicken shawarma, this is one of the top placea for mediterranean food in az.

Stumbled upon this little gem as it is nestled in a strip mall next to my gym.
The hubby and I needed a quick bite to eat one day for lunch and this sounded good.
We love hummus and pitas so why not.
Very low key atmosphere nothing special on the inside but the food is so yummy!
They were really busy both times I stopped but I would recommend that they invest in the decor and menu approach as at first glance it doesn't compare to the good.
I love their picante hummus (cilantro and jalapenos) and their warm pitas are really good.
My husband had a barbecue chicken wrap  that looked really good and he said that he enjoyed.
Since our first visit I have ordered hummus and extra pitas on take out and they are really fast!
With lower prices and yummy food - not to mention the proximity to my house I think Pita di Vita is replacing Pita Jungle for me.

Great for take out!
Order a pita wrap, combo, or a side of chicken breast and your favorite side and you're good to go!
The lady at the front counter is inviting and friendly, and the head chef/owner is amicable.
Service is quick, especially if you call it in ahead for pickup.
The chicken platter and sonoran chicken are both fantastic.
The sonoran chicken has a great blend of southwestern flavors and the side of beans makes the meal.
Chicken is never dried out; head chef knows what he's doing.
Desserts (baklava and honey pudding) are simple, delicious, and authentic.
Simple ingredients, simple atmosphere, and healthy outlook on food make this place a perfect choice for a quick lunch or dinner on a whim.
We frequent here often.
I only wish they had tabouli!

I love the food here.
Like... Way too much.
I work down the street and even if I bring lunch with me, I will drive down and order some hummus and chicken anyway.
Sack lunch be damned!
The chicken in every dish is juicy and so fricken flavorful.
The veggies are really fresh.
The pita is soft and warm.
The hummus (three kinds!
) is creamy and delicious.
The staff are friendly.
So many excellent things.

LOVE this place!
I was a Pita Jungle devotee for years (still a fan), but Pita Di Vita has won me over.
My husband and I stumbled upon it because it's across the street from our business and fell in love with the food.
A lot of similiar flavors to PJ (I believe their are some family ties) so if you like them, you'll LOVE PDV.
The La Vita salad is phenomenol and huge.
I order it and make sure to get an extra side of the lemon dressing b/c it's big enough for two meals.
(Dressing is awesome!
) Also, if you can't handle TWO meals, you can order a small like 1-2 oz.
sample cup of the hummus (amazing) that I eat alongside my salad to dip the veggies in.
Try the Jalepeno Cilantro hummus....freaking fabulous!
Anyways- the owners are friendly, the food is incredible.
5 stars all day.

We finally gave this place a try after passing it up due to lack luster curb appeal.
It was terrific!
Wish we'd tried it sooner.
We had a traditional Gyro and a Philly Pita.
The meats and veggies were so fresh and tender.
Both sandwiches were generous and completely yummy.
The pita bread itself was the best I've ever had.
This is a clean & tidy little place that serves fresh, tasty meals made to order.
I liked that  you can see into the kitchen when ordering.
The restaurant is somewhat small but there is a good amount of seating, with a few extra tables on the patio.
Give it a go.

Love it love it love it.
Their gyros are amazing and if you ask for the garlic dip and Greek pita you won't be disappointed (although you will smell like garlic the rest of the week) :) try it!
Prices are reasonable as well.

The owner is a bit of a crumudgeon if you ask to substitute an item on a plate, but he will, if you are insistent enough about it.
I admit that when I walked away from the register, I was a little miffed.
After all, I am the customer and if I don't want rice on my dish, isn't that my prerogative?
However, once the food was set down in front of me and I began to dig in, all of my angst melted away.
I ordered the chicken curry dish, which is a Mediterranean take on an old Thai recipe.
It originally came served on hope of rice.
I don't eat rice so I persuaded the chef to serve hummus on the side instead of the rice.
I'm glad I did.
The hummus is smooth and creamy, just the way I like it.
The curry was simply out of this world; spicy and full of coconut milk, pineapple, raisins and apples--all there to add a sweet little bite.
The chicken itself is so juicy and succulent you would be hard pressed to find a better cooked piece of meat.
So, I offer kudos to the chef on his cooking but wish he would be more sympathetic to his customers' dietary needs and tastes.
And if substituting is really that big a deal then maybe put up a sign: No substitutions, please.

Yum...

Great food.
Great service.
Everything is fresh and tasty!

My son and I are split on this one.
As a vegetarian, I was not impressed with the selection.
In fact, found only one entree-type item that didn't have meat of some kind.
It was basically a vegetable burrito.
Unfortunately, none of the vegetables inside were cut into pieces that could be eaten without taking out of the burrito and cutting separately.
Seemed to me that the whole thing was thrown together without much concern for whether or not the customer would have to take it apart to eat it.
My son on the other hand had the spicy chicken wrap.
He said it packed a good deal of spice and was extremely flavorful.
For my money, there are better places than this for Med food - Pita Jungle down the street, for example.
Better vegetarian selections as well.

Went in for lunch today.
Ordered the curry chicken for takeout.
This was my first time here but I saw the good Yelp reviews so I knew it was safe.
Dayum dayum dayum!
I like my food spicy and they did it right!
The curry chicken is pretty fabulous.
There are pieces of fruit in the sauce, the chicken tastes great and the rice was so delicious and fragrant.
Can't wait to go back!

Everything I've had here has been on point and I always have enough leftovers for another meal.

I love this place.
It's a little hole in the wall place next to Lifetime fitness.
The foods always good and i like that it it's right next to my work

Good food and very good service.

Great lunch.
My wife and I had the grilled chicken salad and fresh mozzarella salad.
Both were fantastic.
Fresh and affordable.

Would've given a 3.5 if possible.
Good and quick food!
Loved the original hummus- solid flavor.
Also ordered chicken curry and a falafel pita.
Good flavor in both dishes but did not leave us wanting more or tempted the same dishes again.
Lot of food though which is good for an empty belly and tight wallet!

I stumbled onto this restaurant due to my favorite mediterranean spot being closed.
For some reason all mediterranean restaurants are a bit pricy, have you noticed that?
well, I broke down the chicken Shawarma and put a good size dent in the hummus while my little girl tore up a gyro.
The swawarma was pretty good, full of flavor.
The hummus was good as well, it had a little spice to it but my daughter didn't seam to mind so I was in!
gyro meat tasted good, not like I remember from being overseas so I'll keep poking my head around to see if I can find 1 to die for.
Restaurant was clean but it was a bit warm.
T-stat said 86* YIKES!!!
a bit warm for my tastes, usually restaurants are kept around 76*.
A good place to eat, great quality food, clean establishment & right outside the gym.
I might just frequent this place a bit......

I love their chicken curry dish, but I think it is odd that it is served on a large plate with nothing else.
Is that so my whole family can eat it?
I would prefer a smaller portion and include some vegetable, pita, etc.
Also, both times we ate there, the young lady at the register seemed not interested in helping us.
For example, I asked her what the grilled vegetables were.
Her answer was that they were vegetables that were grilled.
I asked again, what vegetables?
She pointed to the menu where it said "grilled vegetables".
After the third round of "what vegetables are in it?
", I suggested she ask the chef.
She did, reluctantly.
I think this girl needs a different job.
I ordered the grilled veggies and they are delicious, by the way.

I usually eat at Pita Jungle so I decided to try something new.
I got the chicken and hummus with two pitas.
While the chicken was good, the hummus seemed kind of bland as compared to Pita Jungle's.
I am willing to give the place one more try and maybe have the Gyro next time.
Also, I believe that Pita Jungle makes their own pita bread.
However, I do not think that this place makes their own bread as it tasted like it was pre- made.

My family and I ate at Pita Di Vita again tonight - and many nights in between my last review - and I think it just gets better!
I love their garlic shrimp side - and at 5 shrimp for $5.95 the price can't be beat.
Still love their picante hummus and the chicken hummus is delicious!
We will continue to eat at this location and with my crazy craving for their food we will continue to eat here often!!

Great place, clean atmosphere, fantastic food, outstanding service.
The owner Samir is awesome!

First time I went I loved their chicken curry .
It had a great spicy flavor and sweetened with raisins, apples and pineapple.
Second time visiting I felt the food was inconsistent.
The curry had few pieces of fruit and lacked flavor.
We also ordered the grilled veggies.
They were cooked perfectly but extremely over salted.
I will be back for lunch but will probably avoid dinner time.

Love the hummus...some of the best in the valley.
I've also had the gyro which is delicious as well.
I can't really vouch for anything else because I've only been there a couple of times and I usually get the same thing.
They are friendly people and I love that they are just down the street from my house.

Love the chicken Shwarma pita's here.. Might like other things as well but can't get past the pita..Yummy!

Best all around Pita and Hummas, I have ever had in the Phoenix area.
My wife and I go often and I always get Hummas (I find it more flavorful then Pita jungles, the picante has a nice kick yummy) and a gyro.
My wife get shoorma.
Have tried a few different things all very good.
But I enjoy gyros a lot.
My only two things negative is not much on soda choices and they seem to always be out of one kind every time I go in.
Also their tzatziki is good but slightly off to me, but still well worth it.

This is one of my favorite places to eat, in the east valley.
The picante hummus is better than Pita Jungles.
The pricing is not terrible compared to the portions.
The dishes are consistent.
Definitely worth a stop in my opinion.

Had lunch here today and was very impressed!
The place is pretty utilitarian inside but definitely clean and comfortable.
I ordered the Veggie Primavera wrap with a side Greek salad.
The wrap was literally bursting with veggies--cauliflower, zucchini, broccoli, 2 types of beans, and rice all on a wheat wrap.
It's definitely not something you can eat gracefully!
Sooo good but so much food I had to take half home!
The wrap was served with a side of delicious tzatziki sauce.
The Greek salad was also good--lots of fresh veggies; the salad dressing was a little different than your "normal Greek"--had almost a spicy horseradish/mustard taste which I'm not sure if I liked or not.
Beautiful presentation, huge portions!
If you order your entree as a meal, it comes with either a side salad or French fries and a HUGE cup for soda.
Will definitely be back!

Listen up all you Pita Jungle eaters.
You need to try this out!
The speed at which they give you food that I would count second to none is amazing.
Service with a smile in an awesome to city that is rare to find in a strip mall Restaurant.

I went in for lunch with a friend and we told the guy at the register that we were visiting the restaurant for the first time.
He immediately gave us a thoughtful recommendation and we ended up ordering what he had suggested.
I got the Philly Gyro, my friend got the Chicken Curry, and we split a side order of hummus.
The weather was nice so we decided to eat outdoors on their patio.
We started with the hummus and it was excellent--our server told us that it is made from scratch in-house.
The main entrée came out a few minutes later and it was delicious.
To top things off, our server brought us out a small dessert on the house in order to thank us for stopping by.
In summary: excellent service, reasonable price, and excellent food.
I would recommend this place highly to anyone!

I love this place!
I've never actually eaten inside because we always get take out.
The grilled vegetables are to die for!!
I usually order the falafel wrap and hummus.
The green hummus has the perfect amount of heat.
Last night I had the tiramisu for the first time and I could have eaten at least 3 more little cups, so yummy!

Always looking for a healthy alternative for lunch, and Pita Di Vita has it, and then some.
All of the plates are really good and healthy, just watch your portions because they are good size ; ) My Favorite is "La Vita Salad w/ Avocado" Highly recommend it!

The hummus here is to die for!
You can definitely tell that everything is made fresh.
The prices are decent as well.
My husband and I visit Pita Di Vita at least once a week.

I had the spicy chicken wrap.
It was really spicy; well...on the bright side, I had lots of water to drink with it.
First of all, the place is a tiny place with no fancy decorations but it is okay if you want to just grab your food to-go.
Secondly, they make the food pretty fast.
My sisters and I got our order in about 5-7 minutes.
One of my sisters had the vegetarian wrap and the other one got a gyro (both really good, too).
The only thing I would "complain" is the price; my wrap is about $9.
Granted, it is big but I don't think it is worth the price.
I would come to this place maybe once in a while.
So, would I come back here again?
Yes.
Would I be a regular?
Nah.

I found Pita Di Vita on yelp and stopped by for lunch because of the reviews.
It wasn't too hard to find, coming down Warner Rd.
It's adjacent to a dance/supply store, near a ginormous gym.
Parking was not hard to find.
It was good to get inside to avoid the heat outside.
(They do have seating outside.
)  They are open every day 11a - 9p.
When I entered, I forgot all the recommendations for food that I had just read, so I asked the guy at the counter for his personal recommendations.
He was very friendly and helpful.
He suggested the chicken shawarma, which is like a chicken wrap with pickles!
It was $8.10, including tax, and it was worth it.
They put in more chicken than I thought they would, and the amount of veggies was just right.
I'd come back to try the curry, which is also popular.
One suggestion..
I don't remember if they had sides, but I would have liked to have fries.. Or have lunch specials that come with drink and a side.

The Marsala is awesome if you're vegan and gluten free!
Ask for the tahini sauce as well.

Really good food!
The Lavosh Aloha-Mex pizza was to die for!
The Gryo Philly was great, but not as spectacular as the pizza.
Will be back, can't wait to try more!

Definitely not gourmet fare, but if you're looking for a dang good gyro at a reasonable price, this place delivers.

Got the pita, and it was good.
Something I would tell others about if they were in the area.
Nothing AMAZING.
The fries needs some help, they had a funk to them.
The decor needs some help as well....sorry....call me Gordon.

I am currently living in Gilbert for a work assignment and have driven past this place numerous times.
My curiosity finally got the better of me, so my husband and I went there last night to try it.
I was delighted!
They had a wonderful selection that satisfied both my vegetarian cravings and my husband's desire for meat.
The food was prepared quickly and the portions were huge.
I had the falafel with a side of rice and beans, and hubby had the chicken shwarma.
The falafel balls were crisp and tasty, and surprisingly light.
Just the right amount of tahini sauce and vegetables.
And they put pickles on it!
Just like the Israeli places back home in NYC.
The chicken shwarma contained a very, very generous amount of chicken, and my husband says it was seasoned wonderfully.
It had a little kick to it, too.
Overall a great experience.
We'll definitely be back.

if you've ever seen a highly rated place and wondered 'is it really that good?
' That isn't going to be much of a question for long once you've eaten here.
You walk into a pretty nondescript place.
It sits on a corner with a few outside tables.
Walk in and your order from a board (or plastic menu on the counter) and you probably think 'eh, what's the big deal?
' BUT WAIT...  You order from the menu with a variety of delicious options, you hope delicious anyway.
Everything in the pictures look good, but wonder if it is.
DON'T.
This place will fool you.
You expect it to be clean, it's spotless, you expect the food to be good, but good is for the mediocre.
This is high quality, great tasting, beautifully prepared food that tastes almost gourmet.
I know, I was as shocked as you.
I ordered the shrimp del sol with the tails of the shrimp taken off (and they so kindly did it) and was blown away.
I wish I could go back and experience the first taste again.
It was deliriously good.
I mean, memorably.
It was made of a bed of lettuce with a black bean and corn salsa with avocado and shrimp.
It was soooooooooooo good.
I would advise that you mix it all together.
The components are all incredible alone, and beyond delicious together.
So, mix it up.
On top is the chipotle cheese crisp.
You will know bliss when you taste the first bite of one of these.
I warned you.
Let the addiction begin (I'm wayyy ahead of you).
It's the only thing I had, but truthfully, I don't need anything else to write this review.
I'm convince everything there has to be just as good.
It's made with such good ingredients and is so beautiful to look at, I know they didn't just do it for me.
It's a sign of absolutely loving the food you present.
Not only will I be back, but i'll be back again and again.

Great food.
Big portions.
The service was great.
We took 9 people with us and they accommodated us with happy faces and got our food out fast, even with the 5+ take out orders they had going on too.

My first time here.
My husband visited a couple of weeks ago and loved it.
He thinks it is better than Pita Jungle, but I am neutral.
I had the chicken supreme.
The chicken was delicious but I was not a fan of the reddish sauce on the beans.
I am not sure what it was, but the flavor did not appeal to me and it was also used on the grilled veggies.
Hubby LOVES those.
We also had the chicken quesadilla which was pretty tasty.
The salad was really fresh and the lemon vinaigrette was very nice.
Small little place, and it was a little warm inside.
Only fountain iced tea which is a strike for me.
Food was not knock your socks off, but ok so it will not be a place I am dying to eat at all the time.

We ate here last night for the first time- It was GREAT!
The grilled vegetalbe were out of this world as was everything else we ordered!
I highly recommend!

We had the chicken shawarma and the turkey pesto panini with salads on the side.
It was sooo good!
I ate every bite, even though I should have gotten a box!
The staff was really helpful making suggestions since it was our first time and food was out pretty quickly.
The salad dressing was a Greek-type dressing... kind of zingy but it was good and everything was really fresh.
Definitely is a GO!

woohoo!
Spiciest jalapeño cilantro hummus I've ever had!
Delicious!
And the chicken was really good.
I can't wait to go back and try something else.
So far, I'm a huge fan:-) I will definitely be coming here more often.

Great food at a reasonable price.
I have been there a couple of times now and will return.
Nothing fancy but good service and tasty pitas.
I've had the chicken shawarma and the BBQ chicken.
Yum!

It's rare that I give anything 5 stars.
The freshness, preparation, and delivery are nothing short of outstanding at this place.
Also the employees are nice and you get the feeling that they are very proud of their food.
Most 4 1/2 star places don't deserve high marks to me.
They do!

Great food!
Friendly service!
My faves are the Shrimp del Sol and the La Vita Salad.
The shrimp dish was very spicy but ohhh so good.
La Vita Salad was delicious and I really enjoyed the mix in it: chicken, lettuce, olives, feta, artichoke...and the portions are enough to get you full.
This place is my fave for gyros too.

First time here.
It was very convenient to stop here after the gym and pool time with the family.
We took it to go.
We ordered the chicken shawarma and the gyro.
Both with meals and side salads.
My daughter got the kids cheese crisp.
They packed it nicely to go and there wasn't a mess in the car.
Both adult meals was a good size.
Keep some gum handy or be prepared to brush your teeth after.
The sauce is heavy with onions..not in a bad way when u are eating but will need an after meal mint.
Good quick meal and it's not grease.

The food here is amazing.
Fresh and prepared to order.
I had the grilled veggies and chicken with the home made hummus (so much better than store bought!).
My friend had the chicken platter, both were excellent.
The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was the price.
I will certainly eat here again, just not as frequently as I might like due to the cost.
But it is certainly worth it for really good Mediterranean food when the craving hits.

Love this place!
Chicken shwarma, grilled chicken salad, falafel & veggie pitas are all fantastic.

