Initially, I didn't quite get the family-owned, cosy vibe from Massimo, which I've noticed in many of the other Italian restaurants in the area.
The decor is much more modern, and I suppose the management are going for a more stylish, and up-to-date feeling.
On the one hand, I don't blame them for standing out, when there seems to be quite a bit of competition all the way down the street!
The cover was completely blown, when the very friendly maitre d' informed me that Massimo is indeed still family owned, and then started speaking fluent Italian to some older men that came in after us (so, I may have swooned a little bit!).
Starters, pasta, pizza, foccacias, salads and risotto dishes are on offer and the menu is actually quite cute; for example, pasta dishes have been divided into those for the traditionalists and those for the more adventurous!
Massimo appears to be a very flexible restaurant; whilst they have some main dishes tipping the £18 scale, some girls casually dropped by to pick up a pizza.
What's more,they claim to be wi fi friendly!

This place is such a welcome breath of fresh air.
It's like someone took the upmarket-ish eateries like 56 North and Koko and transplanted them to this neck of the woods... nice surroundings, but not full of bitchy rude staff and annoying rah students.
I only popped in here for a drink one afternoon with a friend, as we realised whist we were shopping on nearby Princes Street that we really didn't know this part of the city centre very well at all.
And what better way to rectify that than with a nice glass of italian Red?
To cut to the chase, I really liked Massimo.
It's not like alot of Italian eateries in the sense that it's a lot more modern, but it still seemed authentic and the wine was really nice.
I'll be puttig this on my list of places to head to for food in the near future, so I can see if the food's just as good.

dined here twice.
both times, the service and food were phenomenal.
some of the friendliest, warmest staff in a city full of friendly waiters.
the food was authentic and well executed.
tried to go a couple of weeks ago with a group of friends, and it looks as if it has closed or has moved.
literally could not find it on the street.
although, there was a new (turkish?
can't remember) restaurant that seemed to be in construction where massimo used to be.
tried to call the reservation line and it rang and rang with no answer...not sure what happened.

