I absolutely love my hair!
Tiffany is amazing and always gives me perfect long layers as well as lo-lights & hi-lights!
I've also had my hair cut & hi-lights by Lina...great job.

I love getting my hair done here by Taylor.
She is not only flexible with scheduling me in but is very good at what she does.
Some hair stylist have preferences and are more skilled in one part of their profession, but she does it all very well.
She is awesome in color, hair extensions, make up, hair cuts/styles, she is the jack of all beauty trades.
I know how hard it is to find someone who delivers consistently so this is a good find for me!

I found Tiffany through a friend of hers that does waxing and was really happy with my experience at Bombshell.
The salon isn't over the top fancy, but that's kind of what I love about it!
I've lived in Vegas for over 19 years and have been to SO MANY different salons and its always the same.. Fancy-shmancy salon with stuck up hair dressers and sky high prices, but still the cut/color is nothing to write home about.
Bombshell is super cute and Tiffany was great, she listened to what I wanted and delivered it for a really good price.
I will be returning for my next haircut, and might even stop in for some color before then.

I usually get my haircut from the Director of Spa and Salon in Aria, but I wanted to try a place near my house and burning over $200 each time for a trim that looks like I can do at home wasn't "cutting" it for me anymore.
So...
I went to my most trusted source to look for my next hair stylist... YELP.
After reviewing a few places and I stumbled upon CM Misti's review on Tiffany.
If Misti says that's her go-to hair lady, she's not messing around and I trust all her reviews.
That being said I was sold and made an appointment with Tiffany on:   http://www.bookfresh.com/profile/969485082  Such an easy, convenient approach in making an appointment.
You literally pick what you want done, the time, and a confirmation is sent to your email to let you know that Tiffany is informed and will send another email to confirm the appointment is set.
Love that!
I went in and even though there were extensions in some stations and hair on the floor at another.
Tiffany greeted me warmly and told me to have a seat and she'll be right with me.
She asked what I wanted done and I briefly told her.. just a trim, would like more body, but I want to keep my length.
For some spectacular reason, I finally felt a hair stylist understood what I wanted and she delivered even more!
She told me she loved doing hair even when she was little and I believe it, since it seemed so second nature to her.
I didn't even second guess what she was doing and let her do her thing.
She seriously knows the art of hair expertise.
I have never seen my hair look so long after a hair CUT... and my hair looked flawless like in those Vogue magazines.
Strike a pose!
Dreamy, light, flowy... like dancing with the wind... my hair never looked so beautified.
I kid you not... after my haircut, I have never had so many compliments in my life.
I referred Many girlfriends, all very happy with their haircuts, and she gave them such a great deal!
Better than mine!
I'm jelly!!!!
:P Honestly, for what I used to pay at Aria to the results I received from getting a cut from Tiffany..
I wish I known about her sooner!!!
Such an amazing, extremely reasonable price for what you're getting...
I never felt so good to leave and feel so satisfied with my results.
Even the next day at work, a few coworkers mentioned how long my hair was growing!!!?!!
Say whaaaaat???
Shhh to myself.. hehe I just Cut my hair suckas!!
Before I tried so many attempts to curl my hair and it never turned out the way I hoped for..
But not anymore!!!
I achieved the look I always wanted each and every time now when I curl it!
Ahhh such a great feeling..
FINALLY!
Tiffany is very easy going, personable, and knows her craft in your hair cut needs.
I don't have Any doubt at all that she can't give you what you want.
She excelled above and beyond in what I wanted.. and the best part of all..
I was in and out of there in a flash.
My appointment was punctual and I actually left early!!!
I trust her with my hair and that's Very rare for me to say... highly highly highly... recommend her to anybody!
Every day is a great hair day for me... compliments from Tiffany.
Thank you so very much and I just made my next appointment that literally took a few seconds to make :) Btw she doesn't take credit cards at the moment, so remember to bring only cash or check for payment!!!
She's by appointment only, so I would just book online on the website I provided on top.
Easy Breezy!!!
Other than that.. prepare for a big smile leaving this place.
Say cheese!!

I love, love, love Tiffany!
:D she makes my hair look so amazing that people ask me if I am a hairdresser.
I completely trust her with my hair, I give her very little direction and yet I still get exactly what I want.
I drive half way across town just to go have her do my hair.
Her salon is not crazy Vegas spa style, but you feel SOO comfortable when you walk in and Tiffany is so sweet and fun to talk to :)

After much debate on who to have my extensions done by, I found this place on yelp.
Upon first call, I found the stylist extremely professional and adaptable to my schedule.
I was an extension virgin, so I was very nervous upon arrival.
My stylist Perla totally out me at ease!
She explained the different types of extensions, the pros and cons as well as the variety of costs.
I could immediately tell she truly cared.
I decided to get 808 human hair fusion bonded to my naturally auburn hair.
She found a color that matched perfectly.
Perla fit me in the same day for installation.
It took about five to do.
I love them!!
It has been almost two months and I go back to perla weekly to have her wash my hair.
She is always able to fit me in last minute.
I knew she was perfect when I had a crisis with my extensions, after another stylist knotted them washing them they spent 4 hours attempting to untangle them.
Perla came in early so she could fit me in first thing the next day.
She was able to fix my hair Perfectly within 15 minutes!!
She seriously has a gift!
I will never go anywhere else.

After having a few hair stylist that flaked on me I decided to go to kasadee at Bombshell hair & extension co.
I am a blonde and had some damage done due to a stylist not keeping on eye on how fast i process.
She immediatley told me my hair needed some extra love and she took her time to make sure she didn't damage it further.
Next time i went to her i wanted to do a blonde ombre' - she took so much time and paid attention to so much detail it was amazing.
You can tell she is genuine in her approach and wants the final outcome to be perfect.
I have done extensions in the past and can't wait for Kasadee to do them for me in the near future!

Salon was dirty, color was Insufficiently applied and washed off in a week.

Tiffany the owner is a sweetheart & does a amazing job!
I won't ever go anywhere else!

I wanted to give an update on my fusion hair extensions that Perla put in over 4 months ago!
My hair looks awesome still.
Perla has been moving my extensions up every 3 weeks or so, so I do not have any issues with my fusion extensions dreading together.
Perla has been extremely flexible with washing my hair every 4 days.
I use dry shampoo in between washes and I love it.
I am equally happy with my hair 4 month later as I was day 1!

Tiffany is so wonderful I can't tell you enough that you need to go get your hair done by her and her team.
You will love the color, cut and price.
She is a miracle worker!
I have been getting my hair done since 2008 by Tiffany and have not had one time where I get compliments the second I walk out the door.
Book today!

Perla Capetillo is a hair magician!
Moreover, she has a heart of gold.
I found Perla through word of mouth and thought I would try her since I had been getting my hair done at an expensive nearby salon for years, and, quite frankly it looked like crap - so something needed to change.
Enter: Perla the hair magician.
Now, you would think that when you spend $2k to get your hair done that it will come out looking fabulous, right?
Wrong!
The girl that I went to at this other salon (NOT Bombshell, but nearby) pulled bleach over my regrowth line and BURNED EIGHT INCHES of my hair off!!!
This is the mess that I walked in with that Perla had to fix.
Not only was my hair fried off, but my self esteem went right along with it.
I was literally in tears about my hair being fried off and looked like freakin Rod Stewart!
I was a mess in all forms of the word.
Perla was SO patient with me.
Admittedly, I am one of the pickiest, most high-maintenance nightmare clients on the face of the earth.
I want my hair PERFECT.
I know that I make unreasonably high demands about my hair.
But PERLA WORKED MAGIC ON MY HAIR.
She took her time, she watched my hair like a hawk as it developed so that there was no further damage incurred, she did a KERATIN TREATMENT which sealed the cuticle and made it SO healthy and shiny, then she installed a beautiful set of high-quality hair extensions, cut them, and styled it into pure perfection.
I walked into her salon looking (and feeling) like a nightmare, I walked out looking and feeling beautiful!
People always compliment me on my hair and say "Wow it's so healthy and shiny.
" The best part ... they don't even know that I have extensions!
If you want beautiful, healthy, gorgeous hair - then go to Perla.
She is AMAZING!!

I got a blow out and flat iron by Kasadee.
My hair smells wonderful and I am really excited to see how long the blow out lasts.
I have set up an appointment for Saturday for extensions.

I got my hair done by Kari for the first time about a month a go after moving from out of state to vegas and searching for someone in the area to do my hair and extensions.
Since I am a blonde I  was super hesitant to let anyone new touch my hair since blonde hair can be so fragile and can be damaged easily.
I am so pleased with my highlights and extensions and would absolutely recommend Kari to anyone in vegas who is looking for someone who is affordable , knowledgeable, and experienced with color and extensions.
A month later my extensions look great and I am in love with my highlights and haircut, I am so glad I found someone in vegas to trust my hair with !

I went to Bombshell after an at home touch up gone wrong.
I called the salon after reading their reviews on Yelp and luckily Amber was able to take me as soon as I could get there.
I was a little stressed out, as my hair looked worse than it ever had, I had an interview scheduled for the next day, and had recently decided not to use my old hair dresser anymore because, well, she just wasn't that good and always made excuses.
But, my hair looks great.
She did just what I wanted.
The colors she chose for me looked great (I just told her I wanted a dark brown and some type of red), the ombré is done well, where my last few ombré experiences have been awful, and the cut was great.
Cost way less than what I was used to paying, too, which was nice.
I got my hair styled at another salon the next day for my interview cause it was closer to my house and the stylist there kept telling me how great my cut was.
I've never had another stylist tell me my cut is good, always how the other screwed it up, so that was nice.
And for the first time in a while I've gotten lots of compliments on my color.
I'll definitely be going back.

Tiffany and Perla are both great for extensions, my extensions turned out really well and the price was really reasonable.
I used to spend thousands on Great Length fusion that ended up damaging my hair; I trusted Tiffany's recommendation on going with the locks/tape-ins this time and I am glad I did.
I appreciate the flexibility in scheduling.
Thank you ladies!

Amber gave me the haircut I have been striving for, for over a year.
You can tell she knows what she is doing and that she love her job.
Thank you Amber

It's been difficult to get ahold of anyone to get maintenance done on my extensions.

I called Bombshell and was able to get a next morning appointment.
I had a horrible cut from another salon and needed to get it fixed.
I brought in two pictures, and Amber was able to recreate a cute cut at a very affordable rate.
Happy to have found a great stylist, near my home, with great prices!

It's just like the other reviews posted for Bombshell.
If it wasn't for the other reviews I would have never gone in to get my hair done.
Perla was my stylist and will be from now on.
She did what I asked and nothing else.
Trim an inch off the bottom, keep the U/V shape, and trim my layers more.
She did it and my hair is just the way I like it.
If your hair is long or want extensions go to Bombshell.

I did some searching and happened to find Amber on fb and I'm so glad that I did.
While hanging out in Vegas I decided to get color and a brazilian blowout.
I usually relax my hair, but I thought I'd give it try.
The results were fabulous!
Amber is great!
I'll definitely return for my touch-up.

Today was my first visit with Amber and I'm in love!
I went in for a cut and color and was blown away.
The color turned out better than I could ever imagine.
Exactly what I wanted.
And the cut, OMG, amazing!
She cut about 3 inches off my hair and thinned it out, as I have a lot of very thick hair.
I'm not going to lie, I was skeptical of trying a new salon, but I am so glad I did.
I'm from California and have been trying out salons out there for awhile, but never found anyone I really liked.
Now I've found my dream hair stylist.
Words cannot explain how happy I am with my new look.
I will never go to another salon again.
Even if i do move back to CA after I finish school out here in Vegas I will come see Amber.
I'm recommending Amber to everyone!
You will not be disappointed!
Thank you so much Amber!!!!

I absolutely love this salon!!
Kasadee is perfect with everything she does.
She obviously loves what she does and you can see how much that is when you look in the mirror at the end.
I have been going to her for two years.
My first appointment was for extensions.
She was so knowledgeable and helpful when I was choosing which route to go that would fit my lifestyle.
I've gone from dark hair to highlights to black hair and now today an absolutely amazing ombre!!!!
She can literally do EVERYTHING!

Came in on a weekday and was greeted by Kasadee.
We went over what I had in mind and what was the best choice for me.
We also went over prices and honestly they are very reasonable.
I was pretty shocked at how good their prices are.
So ended up getting a ombré which surprisingly only took 2 hours!
The thing I liked about Kasadee was that she explained what she was doing and why.
She even went as far as explaining it scientifically lol!
Aside from all that she was easy going!
As for my hair I am really happy with the ombré!
I also asked her to give me a bit of a v shape and some layers which turned out great!
Highly suggest checking out this place!

Happened to search haircut on Yelp to find a good place to blend in my extensions with a cut and Bombshell had such great reviews and I got to experience first hand why it's so great.
First of all I got a cut from Kasadee (sorry if it's misspelled) my daughter got her bangs cut by her as well.
She did such a great job with both of us.
She was super nice and it was refreshing to finally go to a salon where the stylists aren't snobby.
Another awesome point is that there are sooooooooo reasonably priced!
That's always a plus.
Overall it was a great experience.
Love the decor too!
I will definitely be making this my official permanent go to salon.
Keep it up Bombshell!

I moved to Vegas about 2 years ago and was looking for a place to call my hair salon.
I'm a loyal customer.
Once I find someone I like, that is.
Well one evening I was having Sushi and noticed this cute little salon next door.
I saw the words "hair extensions" and I knew I had to look them up.
Yelp confirmed that this place was worth a try.
I called the next day and was greeted by a warm voice who said her name was Kasadee and gave me an appointment soon thereafter and was very flexible with my hectic schedule.
I'm a mother of two and work full time so it's not always easy to make an appointment, but she has always made time for me.
Well on the day of my appointment I walked in and immediately liked Kasadee.
She was warm and friendly and realistically told me what to expect and what would work and how she planned on helping me achieve the look I wanted.
She does such a remarkable job that I wouldn't trust anyone else with my hair anymore.
The true sign of a good hairdresser and someone who knows how to put in extensions is when no one can tell I have extensions.
Ask for Kasadee!!
You won't regret it.

Today was the first time I have gotten my hair cut at this salon and I had a great experience.
I called in around 11:30 AM (Tuesday) to see if they had any openings for the day, Amber answered and said she could get me in immediately if I was interested.
Right when I walked in I was pleasantly greeted by Amber who was also the hairstylist helping me.
Going in I knew I would have a bit of a tricky cut because I am in the awkward growing out stage of an a-line haircut.
Amber consulted me both on my current cut and what I was looking for in my new cut, I explained to her I was looking to even the angle out as much as possible without cutting it into a bob, she agreed and gave her input on the suggested haircut.
As she was cutting she was very open about what she was doing and even further consulted me along the way before making major snips in the front.
We again talked abut my vision and she not only stuck with it, but nailed it!
Like I said I went in with an a-line in the midst of growing out, yet after the cut and blow dry you couldn't even tell!
Beyond the awesome cut and excellent customer service, the prices are fantastic.
I went in with freshly washed/wet hair, so there was no need for a shampoo (not sure if this reduced my total or not)...
Anyway, for a cut, blowout and style my total came to $30; considering the job well done, great customer service, and nice atmosphere - it was a total steal!
I will definitely be going back and would recommend that anyone try them out as well.

I got my hair done by Amber this morning.
This woman is amazing.
I highly recommend her to anyone who wants to get their hair done exactly the way they envision it!!
She did a very nice ombre on me!
I love it.
It looks awesome!
She is very freindly too.
We talked about so much while she did my hair.
You guys have to check her out if you are in vegas.
Thanks again Amber!

After having my hair butchered over & over again, I came to Amber to fix my hair.
She is like a hair doctor!
She did a brazillian blowout (yes im asian with curly hair) and she re-layered my hair.
It has never looked so good in my life!
She is definately skilled in her profession & is now my only hair stylist.
Great place and atmosphere too

Thank goodness for this salon!
I first came here because I had a terrible ombré job done to my hair and needed it corrected quick so I didn't have to walk around with crazy hair.
I contacted Tiffany, told her my situation and she understood completely.
She made sure to have me come in as soon as possible to have it fixed even when I'm pretty sure she already had a tight schedule.
Because she was so accommodating and understanding I immediately felt at ease.
When I arrived she really got to work.
She explained to me exactly what she was going to do and did it all in a small amount of time because I needed to be at work at a certain time.
I forgot to mention that I have very long hair that is not only thick, but course as well.
But she corrected the color and made it flow nicely from dark to light.
She was a total perfectionist and it definitely showed through her awesome work on my difficult hair.
Not only was the quality of work amazing, but her and the other girls at the salon are super sweet.
I have finally found a place I trust with coloring my hair!!

Had a great experience today with Amber!
She advised us on what route would be best for my daughters hair type, and the results were amazing!
We have both been going to another salon that was over priced and the work was mediocre and not worth it!
Amber has great style, experience and great prices.
My daughters hair was damaged beyond belief and was a mixture of 5 different colors, following a few months of neglect.
We left with silky brown locks and we couldn't be more pleased.
Thanks Bombshell!!!

