'Po-ta-toes...boil 'em, mash 'em, stick 'em in a stew' quoth the wise Hobbit Samwise Gamgee, but he forgot probably the best potato of all, the baked.
It is a monster spud; when cooked to perfection with crisp skin and stuffed with an amalgam of different fillings, it is a God among veg.
The Tattie Shop has perfected the art of baked potatoes; they are without doubt the best in Edinburgh.
Tucked into a side street just in Bruntsfield, The Tattie Shop is easily missed but do this at your peril.
They have a huge amount of fillings, with the haggis being excellent, as well as the chilli con carne.
You can create a tattie with as many fillings in as you like, just don't overdo it or you'll struggle to eat it all, they are remarkably filling.
With prices being very reasonable and the owner a good laugh, it is one potato purveyor not to be missed

Just like Alex, I've harboured a love of potatoes ever since they were used to unintentionally comic effect during the nine hours of relentless boredom and homo-erotica that was the Lord of the Rings trilogy.
Our soil-dwelling friends are regular lunchtime choice for me, and Edinburgh seems to have it's fair share of Baked Potato takeaways and cafes to pick from.
The Tattie shop's location a bit out of the way sadly means I rarely get to visit, but I wish I had more opportunities.
While I'll stick my neck out and suggests that the taters themselves aren't quite as good as Tempting Tattie in town, the fillings are some way ahead, especially the chilli con carne, a topping oddly absent from the menu at their city centre rival.
They don't have the irritating tree-hugger thing going on either, which plagues Cockburn Street's potato outlet.
All round it's pretty excellent, and another jewel in the crown of the quite splendid Bruntsfield locality.

I've walked by the sign for the Tattie Shop again and again, and every time I am tempted to try it.
On a particularly blustery day I thought it would be the perfect time.
I scanned the menu looking for something which sounded nice or otherwise interesting, but it was all pretty standard fare.
I opted for chili and added cheese.
The helpings were generous but the filling was not as flavoursome as I expect from chili and cheese, and at £4.10, the tattie hurt my purse strings far more than it should have.
The helpings were generous, but it was far too much food for me and I would have been much happer to have smaller portions to go along with a cheaper tattie.
All in all, the meal was fine but I don't expect to be returning.
It just wasn't tasty or cheap enough to warrant a trip out for lunch.

I've been a fan of The Tattie Shop for a few years now and have seen it go through 2 different owners, a face lift and a menu shake up, which does suggest to me that I eat far too many complex carbohydrates than is normal for the average human being.
This is a lovely little shop down the lane that is parallel to the Bruntsfield Public Toilets (it smells a HELL of a lot better, don't worry) that serves up decent grub at a just above average price.
After being taken over fairly recently (maybe the last year or so), the tatties have shrunk in size which is actually a good thing, the last owners tatties sometimes being too much for me.
The menu selection is a pretty standard affair as well with the option to customise your tattie the way you want it.
My personal favourite being the chilli and cheese with the cheese on first.
The price does go a bit further than it should and I would maybe put that down to the cost of rates in the area, but for when it's freezing outside and you need somewhere to sit down and get something warm in your belly, the price is justified.
Just don't make a habit of it, with a chilli and cheese tattie & can of juice coming to around the £5 mark.
Another tip I would give would be not to go here during school lunch hours, it's an absolute nightmare and I actually ended up wedged in to the back corner of the shop for about 10 minutes until the horde dispersed.

