So in this economy I've seen a boom in consignment/pawn/ buy&sell businesses.
This is the newest to the bunch in buying and selling used video games, video game equipment, DVDs, Blue-Ray, and CD's.
They seem to have just opened since I can see their backroom still looks like they're setting up and they are not listed anywhere online when I googled them.
Their video games span all the consoles and even throw back to some OG consoles like PS1, Nintendo Super, 64, Cube.
They have a selection of controllers and specialty controls like DJ Hero tables, Guitar Hero guitars, Wii accessories like fishing.
I don't know if these are a good deal or not since I wasn't looking, but I feel like the accessories were and the games were priced much like Gamestop.
DVDs seemed to average around $8-$13.
I didn't see anything I liked through a quick browse, but there was a variety of new DVDs.
I don't know if any of the games or DVDs are a "steal" since I don't pay attention closely, but seemed very average pricing that a Gamestop or Blockbuster would price.
We went through the smallest section of the place- the music CDs.
Yeah we're nuts and probably don't need more CD's to the pile of 3,000+ at home, but we can't resist a deal on expanding our Room of Sound.
It's the most beautiful part of our house, really.
Our Bounty:  Beatie Boys- To The 5 Boroughs-$3.99, Hello Nasty- $1.99, Ill Communication-$2.99, Paul's Boutique $4.99 White Stripes- Get Behind Me Satan- $2.99 George Clinton- Greatest Funkin' Hits -$.399 Digable Planets- Reachin' (a new refutation of time and space) - $1.99 Miss Kittin- Radio Caroline $1.99  So 8 random CD's for $ 26.94 This was a good deal, but not all CDs were.
Some we didn't grab because Zia/online would have it significantly less.
$2-4 dollar CDs though- that was pricing we were cool with.
They check the CDs and buff out scratches before they let you leave with your purchases.
They also give you a 7 day guarantee or you can exchange for another item if your discs are faulty.
They also will resurface discs for a small fee.
I am not sure about how fair their buying is.
One lady came in with a few DVD's and they wanted to give her $9 and some change for all of them.
I guess what do you expect of a place selling for cheap though- they do have to make a profit somewhere.

We were anticipating when this place would open.
While in the area, we went inside- yay!
It's like a spacious Buy/Sell version of Blockbuster and Game Stop mixed together (smaller than Zia Records).
They have games, game accessories, blu rays dvds, regular dvds, music cds, and VHS tapes- gotta tell my Mother-in-Law since she just asked us yesterday about what she should do with all those 100s of VHS tapes.
They pay $1.00 for each tape with the case in perfect condition.
On the cds, it's whatever the computer says is the current market value (kinda like www.secondspin.com- except they also add the media mail rate into the total price that they pay; so strict, the cases have to be A+.).
My husband was like, "Why did we go in here?
" He saw several things that he wanted to buy but settled on a game for $6.99.
(We had more stops to make.
) I thought that the prices on the blu rays was actually pretty good- $7.99 to $19.99 (the newer ones cost more, which makes sense to me).
We're always searching for new blu rays to add to our collection.
Plus we have a few in mind that we want to "replace" (we have them in regular dvd format, but we want to upgrade to blu rays).
I noticed that some VHS tapes were at clearance for 25 cents each.
The VHS section is comprised of two small sections.
I didn't really look at the regular dvds and cds.
There were three people (two indie types & one gamer type) working there.
One manning the register, one very busy with more dvd/game sorting (stacks & stacks), and one in back?
; maybe on a break as there was only one other customer besides us- it wasn't busy at all.
Oddly, there is a sign in front of the (cashier) counter explaining their Buy/Sell process, however, there are a lot of rows of dvds blocking what you are supposed to read.
Hmm, they should've gotten another rack or two for those dvds, as they clearly have enough space to accommodate the racks.
It would be nice if there was music on- it was really quiet.
Looks like we're coming back next week.
And we might sell some stuff like cds (we were gonna do it anyway, through www.secondspin.com- this would save us a trip to the post office) and video games.
It's nice to know that we have more options than Zia, Target, Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Game Stop.
Hope it's successful.

You can't beat this place!
Why go to Redbox or Netflix or any of those other places when you can buy the DVD for practically the same price?
They had tons of $1.99, NEWER movies.
Many titles were $4.99 and lower.
They also had a huge selection of used video games, music, and vhs.
They have so much stuff...and since it's all used, their inventory is always changing.
They have these stores in my home town, so I always pop in to see what new stuff they've got.

This is the second time I've gone here.
Why, you may ask?
Because I do this experiment.
I sell a few items and come back to see the mark-up.
If it is a decent mark-up that encourages me to come back and deal again, then I mark'em high.
If they want to fleece me, as if I'm some "I'll sell at any price, I just need my fix" kind of seller ( you know the type, the pawn store regulars who deal with items of unknown and origins and questionable ownership ), then I mark'em low.
This place seems to feel as if my trade-ins are gold, only once they take possession of them.
Before that, they must think them crap.
So if you want a slightly better deal, try Zia.
If you can stand the patchouli wafting thru the air.
On the plus side, they do sell things unique to themselves, like old Nintendo games and some harder to find VHS ( for the anachronistic souls among us ).
And The employees seem friendlier than "I'm too cool for skool" type found at Zia who are typically too busy shuffling things around ( though once you get their attention, they're OK ).
But, check the discs before you walk out.
A lot of buffing goes on here.
And don't expect to make more than pennies on the dollar for VHS.
And watch out for the kiddies.
Literally.
it is all alphabetical.
You can have Bob the Builder right next to Booze, Blondes, and Blunts ( not a real title, that I know of!
So don't let them wonder off without them getting an eyeful.
Overall, clean and sterile, but not the fabulous place you'd think it could be.

I love this place.
I don't shop for DVDs so I can't really offer much in that area but their Blu Rays are often decently priced.
You can sometimes find cheaper on Amazon but after shipping you either pay the same or more.
I highly suggest developing a relationship with the staff there.
They will always give you the good low downs on everything.
One associate who shall remain nameless, told us we could actually get the game we were purchasing cheaper elsewhere.
That doesn't happen too often anywhere you go.
Needless to say, they didn't get our business for this one game, but they get it for a lot of other things.
We are definitely repeat customers and often come a few times a month.

I was driving up Sahara the other day with Dad when I saw this place!
I got excited because I had read about it on here a long time ago and forgotten about it...so we stopped and checked it out.
Walking in the door was sensory overload.
As far as I could see, all of the racks to my right were covered in movies and to my left there were shelves and shelves of video games.
I wandered into the video game section first and was AMAZED at the wide selection of games.
They not only had a wonderful selection for the current generation consoles, but also had games for the Sega Genesis, Super Nintendo and even Sega CD!
I ended up picking up "Bioshock 2" for Xbox 360 for $6.99 and "Croc: Legend of the Gobbos" for PS1 for $1.99.
I walked to the music section next and the first section I turned to was the CDs marked down to .49 cents.
I'm a sucker for clearance music.
Most of this rack was comprised of 90s alternative music.
I ended up picking up Will Smith's "Big Willy Style" and Motley Crue's 1994 Self-Titled Record.
The majority of the music aisle was fun to look through, albeit loosely organized.
Everything is organized by letter of the alphabet, but beyond that it gets a little messy.
I found quite a few gems in there that I didn't end up picking up simply because I could find them cheaper in other places.
My only real complaint with this section was the randomly priced SUPER expensive CDs.
I pulled out an album by the punk band The Virus and it was labeled at $91!
Crazy!
Lastly, I took a walk through the movie section.
I haven't really been buying many DVDs lately, but I really wanted to buy A LOT when I walked through the section.
I was tempted by a copy of "True Blood: Season 2" that was running for $14.99, but in the end I picked up a copy of the Vin Diesel movie "XxX" for $1.99.
Not a bad deal at all.
This is really an awesome place.
The guys behind the counter were very funny and friendly as well, which makes me want to return even more.
Looks like I'll be stopping here as well every time I frequent the Zia on Sahara!

Okay, so I had to do an update.
I was actually at the BuyBack$ location in Henderson near Galleria Mall when we couldn't find what we were looking for.
So we called the location on Decatur to see if they had the movie we were searching for on blu ray.
Oh yes they did!!!
Of course they did.
They have everything.
So we asked if they would hold the item for us and that we would be there to pick it up shortly, we were across town but were on our way.
So we drive all the way across town and guess what.
These people had the gumption to tell us Sorry, it was actually being held for someone else.
They claimed prior to us calling that it was already on hold but in the end that it was up to management's discretion to decide who would get it.
Well, we told you were coming from across town, you told you would hold it for us.
So I didn't get it.
What I did get, is that they would get a review update and lose a star.
I am not saying I wouldn't go back but I will NOT go out of my way to return to this location again.
They lost a very faithful devoted customer.

Great selection.
Tons of $1.00 DVD's and $.49 CD's.
Perfect place to find that out of the ordinary item without having to pay a lot for it.

This is a fantastic store if you're a collector who knows how to browse (we nerds have a system), but I can see it being a nightmare for people who aren't as equipped to spend a good hour or two perusing aisle after aisle.
It's very simple in here - everything is sorted by media type (Blu-ray, DVD, CD, etc.
), and then within that sorting it's all alphabetical.
Blu-rays are easy enough to check out since they only have an aisle or two, but the DVDs span almost the rest of the store... which can be an exhausting quest if you're looking for specific genres or titles.
They had a surprisingly good selection of hard to find, OOP titles.
Unfortunately, they also know their shit here, so don't expect to find some rare gem for $4.
One of the employees told me they use Amazon and other internet sources to determine pricing, so while you aren't likely to find pricey discs for cheap here (like you might at other used video stores) they do price things based on their average selling cost, so you won't get completely ripped off.
Another awesome aspect to shopping here: they clean all your purchases.
I picked up a couple DVD sets, and when he retrieved the discs (all discs are kept behind the counter, not in the cases) they were all fingerprinted up.
So, he turned on their disc buffing machine thing and polished each one up to like-new.
I've never had a used store do that for me.
I think more should because it takes some of the worry out of buying a used, possibly scratched disc.
Staff here was awesome, too.
Fairly knowledgeable, super friendly, very helpful.

Went here to sell a whole lot of dvds.
We had 2 suitcases full plus a storage tub.
The 2 guys who helped us were crazy rude!
Very snarky and condescending.
We called a head of time and told them how many we have and over the phone they were all nice and said of course bring them in.
But when we get here its like their day was ruined!
Sorry u work at a video shop.....but don't be rude to people when they come in.
Reading the other reviews I see I am not the first one to get this awful treatment!

Love this place got a couple of great  video games 5 DVDs  for $50.00 lots of selections and great staff great prices come check them out if you like movies and games.
Happy yelping your fellow yelpie xoxo

Well first of all the buybacks by galleria mall didn't have what I wanted so they sent me to this one and it was horrible.
It took forever to find the place and when I did the store was pretty gross.
The windows were all dirty and had streak marks on every corner possible.
It's not that hard to clean the windows and make your store look better.
This girl walking in cut me off and slammed the door in my face turns out she works there and the store was very small and looked super crowded.
I asked for the dvd they were holding and they sold it already!
I am just plain annoyed and never ever returning.

Advice to everyone , always check your receipt , when you sell them anything always make sure you count how much you bring in and how much the receipt says you brought in, sometimes they tend to keep people stuff for themselfs.

I was weary to go here after some of the reviews I read but this place was awesome to us.
We called ahead to tell them we were coming and if we could bring in a bunch of DVD's we got "Oh absolutely!
" as a reply.
We had 2 boxes of DVDs, no one acted irritated or that we were bothering them at all with the horde of DVDs they had to sort through.
The guy helping us was SO NICE and super chatty.
He seemed to know what he was doing even though he's only been there a couple weeks.
Even though they had to reject half our stash we still got a really decent amount of money for what they bought.
Usually when you go to a second hand facility you get totally ripped off and I didn't feel jipped in the slightest.
We will definitely go back to sell and buy for sure.

