The Amber Rose is a fairly standard pub for this area of Edinburgh.
Situated in the centre of the New Town area of Edinburgh, The Amber Rose is just around the corner from the pub central area of Edinburgh, Rose Street and it is a short walk from the main shopping street, Princes Street and so it is a convenient place to reach.
It would be very easy to walk straight past this pub and completely not notice it as it on basement level and you have to walk down stairs to get to it, but it is worth a visit.
I only came here by complete chance one evening on a pub crawl, and I was glad I did.
The staff were the one thing which really stood out for me as they were incredibly welcoming and friendly, definitely some of the best customer service I have ever received.
The Amber Rose serves a good selection of beers, ales, wines and the usual spirit selection, and the drinks are all competitively priced, with a large glass of the house white wine costing under £5.
Food is also served here, and they have a good menu selection of the traditional pub foods such as steak pies, fish and chips, sandwiches and burgers which are also well priced.
Whether you just want a quiet drink or if you want to make a big night of it, The Amber Rose is the place to go.

A good pub in the centre of town.
Stock ale on tap with a good pub selection of meals.
I've eaten here perhaps 20 times for lunch and have not had a meal worth complaining about.
The staff are very friendly and there are plenty of screens for those wishing to eat and watch sport, ie, me.

I'm continually unimpressed by the Amber Rose.
I've not eaten there, and if I do I'll gladly update my review if it proves me wrong.
But on the visits I've had, thoroughly unimpressed.
Perhaps it's the expensive drinks, the obnoxiously loud music, or the unfortunate fact that I don't have breasts and therefore won't be served at the bar in under 15 minutes.
Maybe it's the combination of the above.
As I said, perhaps the charm of this place is in the food and if I ever eat there, i'll certainly revisit my review if I'm proved wrong.
But as it stands, there's nothing making me want to go back to try.

With its very friendly staff, and cheap drinks and food, this is a popular city centre bar.
There is a large selection of lagers, pints and you can buy the wine by the bottle.
There is also something for everyone here  on a Friday night they had a fantastic live band playing some great tunes (the kind you can't help but tap your feet and dance in your seat to), as well as having two channels of sport playing (on mute) on the screens around the bar.
A perfect place for work drinks, or meeting up with a group of friends!
Only down side here is that the toilets occasionally seem in need of cleaning or having the paper stocks replenished But the ambience is great, and the prices are right, so I for one am willing to look over that for now.

I went here for a casual drink or two one afternoon.
I had never heard of it, so was quite happy to give it a go!
It's like ronseal.
It does what it says on the tin..... PUB.
There is a wide selection of drinks, loads of seating, footie on the telly, below par bathrooms and cheap pub grub on offer.
Great for watching the football or grabbing a quick pint before heading somewhere else, but I wasn't vastly impressed.
They will however be showing the new formula one season on Sundays, that is reason enough for me to return!

£6 for a bottle of wine, what more do I need to say???
OK this isn't the most stylish bar you'll come across but it is big with lots of seats and does cheap booze - job done!
The cheapest bottle of wine you'll find in a bar in Edinburgh.
That is all.

had a really good dinner here with my friends.
the whole group enjoyed it.
gets crowded at lunch and dinner.
large pub so getting a table was no problem.

I love Amber Rose.
To say its a great place to congregate at the weeks end, after work, is an understatement.
The food and drinks are cheap.
Standard pub food, nothing to write home about really; but 2 main meals for £8.95 AND two drinks?!
Yes please.
Also burger, chips and drink £5.95!
And yes, that is a proper pint (of Strongbow, John Smiths or Carlsburg), and for non alocholic options, tea, coffee...fizzy juice.
I think.
I usually don't opt for that :) Good atmosphere and usually quite busy between 6 and 9pm.
Live music on Fridays, which is hit or miss.
But either way, a great place to end your week and begin your weekend.

Nice little pub with good pub food.
Friendly staff.
I recommend the cheesecake!

On the one hand, it's great that bar this deep into the city centre can afford to be so cheap.
The downside to this fact is that such cheapness attracts an absolute gaggle of questionable types.
Having only recently been here throughout the day, I found it to be typically busy, but I can only imagine the type of characters that seep out of the woodwork after dark.
I'll stick to the fence on this one, but might risk a night-time visit in the future just to confirm my suspicions that I'm being one star too kind.

