I got quite excited at the prospect of shopping at Farmfoods, because I assumed a lot of their produce would be fresh and wholesome as the name suggests!
I was disappointed to find out that they actually specialize in frozen foods.
Fast forward to a year later; having moved out of university accommodation where all the cooking was done for me, I've definitely warmed to the idea.
I got a little catalogue in the post (spam, basically) about all their products, and realized just how cheap they are!
The store is located in Newington, particularly convenient for all students that live in and around the area.
Apart from typical fresh grocery items (eggs, milk etc) they selk frozen meat, seafood, chicken, and snack foods, at pretty cheap prices as well.

This shop does 4 litres of milk for £1.50, and that's probably the best prices in town for milk so I come here quite a lot for that.
But generally there are a good deal of other items that are so much more cheaper here than you get in other supermarkets.
They have a great range of stodgy food that all you have to do is whack it in the other and wait for 15 or 20 minutes.
Although this isn't the best approach to maintaining a healthy diet, it can be good to have a quick ready meal once or twice a week.
The main drawback is that it is a shame that so much of the items are frozen, and I would use it a lot more if there was a better range of fresh items such as bacon, sausages and chicken.

Edinburgh is a pretty middle-class place.
In fact, it's a very middle class place.
Currently my nearest big supermarket is Waitrose, which says it all really.
However, on the other side of town is this absolute gem.
OK, if you're a bit of a snob you might want to go in under the cover of darkness.
It's not the nicest shop.
And if you're into your organic, fresh produce look elsewhere.
But if you're a student on a budget Farmfoods, particularly this one so close to uni, is a Godsend.
For frozen fish and meat it's absolutely brilliant.
You can probably cut your weekly food bill down by almost half by shopping here.
The quality isn't the best, but when you're poor that doesn't really matter.
Great budget shop.

