The David Hume Tower is one of the largest and most dominant features of George Square.
It rises high into the sky, with its many floors filled with tutorial rooms, lecture theatres and departments.
On the first floor there are a small number of medium sized lecture theatres which are usually used for third or fourth students, as well as business events.
On the basement level there is the DHT Copy Shop, the DHT EUSA Shop and Café Senses.
The basement level is not very well know to new students, however once you have found it, it is a great place to pick up your stationary or get a bite to eat.
If you dare to go above the first floor you will hope the lifts are working, it is not nice going up several flights of stairs to get to a class in time.
Indeed, another feature of the building is that if you go higher up the building, you can hear the wind batter of the windows.
Not as bad as Appleton Tower, the David Hume Tower is a lot more dignified in its appearance and is always buzzing with students.

I am often in the David Hume's lecture theatres located on the ground floor and I think that they offer a very cosy, intimate location where it is possible for interaction with the lecturers.
The size of the lecture theatres is not much bigger than a standard school classroom so it offers lecturers the chance to ask students for feedback or to allow for questions, which is really useful.
The higher floors are where some of the departments are held and where it is necessary to hand essays in.
There are also rooms for tutorials, which I have found to be very good for this purpose with good levels of technology to get the most out of them.
I pride myself in never having used a lift in the David Hume, and sometimes when me and my friends don't have much else to do, we come to the top floor to admire the view it offers of the city.

David Hume Tower is commemorated to the University's main man.
David Hume was a Scottish philosopher whose theories are still some of the most widely regarded in the discipline.
The building itself is on about thirteen floors and, if you go all the way to the top, it gives you an illuminating view of much of the city.
In my first year I had a tutorial on the eleventh floor and we all got a great view of The Crags and the outer suburbs - not the best for concentration.
Most of the rooms are in good condition with enough seating to go around.
Downstairs on the basement level they have toilets and a shop which sells stationary, sandwiches and drinks which always come in handy after a few classes.

Coming and going Feels like a fallout shelter Avoid between class

