Everyone should go out and support our newest establishment here in Anthem.
So far everything I have had has been outstanding.
And the friendly welcome you get as soon as you walk thru the door goes a long way.
I've eaten there 4 times in just over a week.
As I quickly  work my way thru the menu I've had the fried Mac n cheese appitizer twice which was a real treat.
The perfect blend of egg flour seasoning and the key ingredient of panko which gives the delicious homemade Mac n cheese a wonderful crispy texture you wont soon forget.
The great thing is it isn't saturated with oil its crispy and delicious and when dipped in there bbq sauce it only gets better.
My wife says they must be putting crack in them cause we were back the next day for another order.
The ribs were out of this world good.
Far better than anything you'll find for miles around.
Quality meats that are don't right with a good rub and slow cooked with a delicious bbq sauce.
The pulled pork also was quite good.
Very moist,tender and flavorful.
Made a great sandwich.
Now for the deep fried Hawg Dawg.
I couldn't wait to sink my theeth in this from the 1st glance at the menu.
And it didn't disapoint.
Its a house blend of sausage wraped in bacon and deep fried served in a very good roll topped with sweet & hot jalepenos,onions & bbq sauce.
What a great blend of flavors.
Can't wait to have it again soon.
As far as sides go I've had the potato salad and really liked it.
Which for myself is very unusual when eating out.
Fries were also good however a bit salty for my taste.
And when you go don't leave without trying the bread pudding dessert that's served warm and topped with ice cream.
Absolutely amazing!
With all this said I've been hearing people saying that its to over priced.
Well it may be priced bit higher than what people that are eating at Dickeys are use to.
But the quality speaks for its self.
You get what you pay for and id gladly pay a couple extra bucks for a far above average meal prepared buy owners that take pride in they're product.
The only thing I can find fault in would be the side dish portions.
When you buy a full slab of ribs dinner I would expect to get my choice of a couple of sides at that price.
But you only get one and the size is extremely small.
Im just saying that it would'nt hurt to give people a little more to make them feel like there getting there moneys worth.
All and all two thumbs way up!
Great job and keep up the good work Q to U.
See you soon!

What they said!
And the Hawg Dawg ROCKS!
It was a slow weekday afternoon--well after lunch rush.
Dave and Karyn are great people, and the folks working for them seem to have their heads on also; comparing them to other young food service workers I've run in to.
And they have Moose Drool Beer.
That's some good stuff!

All I can say is WOW!!!
This is hands-down the best barbecue place I have eaten at EVER!!!
The Ribs are ginormous and juicy, and when Dave pulls the Ribs out of the smoker, they smell just like someone is roasting marshmallows.
So this IS a place you need to go to.
So get off the computer and drive there RIGHT NOW!!!

Soooo good and sooooo welcome in Anthem!
My hubby is a huge fan of ribs, and the closest bbq place is Dickie's, which is ok, but Q to U is amazing!!
It isn't cheap, but considering the amount and quality of the food you get, totally worth it.
We did the sampler, which has a 1/2 rack of ribs, brisket, pulled pork, chicken, and 2 sides, we picked baked beans and fries.
We also got the fried mac and cheese and bread pudding for dessert.
The total for all that was $39.00.
So actually, maybe it really isnt pricey because we were both full and had some left for the big guy's lunch today.
The ribs were incredible and totally fell off the bone, the pork and chicken were amazing, and the brisket was good.
The mac and cheese balls are my new addiction and all I can think about.
Dipped in bbq sauce, WOW!
Oh, and about the bbq sauce, its the exact right mix of sweet and spicy, its awesome.
The bread pudding was good, it's generally not one of my favorite things anyways, so I dont really have much experience to compare it too.
Even if you don't live in North Phoenix, this place is worth the drive.
And if you're ever heading up north for the weekend, or to Lake Pleasant, you have to try this place!

My wife and I miss eating good BBQ while in Memphis and have not been able to find good/quality BBQ since we moved here a couple of years ago... Well we finally have found a place that's almost as good as it gets, even if they were in Memphis TN, Q to U BBQ.
Q to U BBQ is a great new restaurant in Anthem, YEA!!
They are locally owned and operated by a wonderful family that competes nationally in BBQ contest.
They are by far the best BBQ we've tasted in the Phoenix market.
Their BBQ sauce is a good combination of sweet and spice and they use their own dry rub.
It's good!
They offer pork, brisket, chicken and of course ribs.
They have salads (for you light weights) and a good variety of sides, appetizers and deserts.
They offer dine in, carry out and catering too.
The only thing missing from their menu is fried pickles, bread roles with honey butter and sweet tea.
We recommend Q to U BBQ to all of our friends and hope you give them a chance next time your craving for awesome BBQ!

Awesome BBQ!
This is a great place for BBQ if your in the area.
We used to drive to Cave Creek for BBQ, but now we have a second place to choose from!
There ribs are wet and cooked to perfection.
They have really good pulled pork, beans and home made fries.
We also liked their brisket and baked beans.
The only thing we did not like was their fried Mac N Cheese.
It was a little bland and needed the BBQ sauce to dip it in.
This is a a great place to go!

We had nothing to do today so based on the 5 star reviews drove 30 min to try out new BBQ ... wasn't worth it ... Meat was cooked well but sauce was bland ...
Nothing special ... Heck Don and Charlies and Houston ribs are better ... Joes BBQ In Chandler is better ... Ok for neighborhood place but definitely not 5 stars

2.5 on my first visit.
Sure makes it hard to drive this far to come back.
I was totally looking forward to a great BBQ lunch.
It was OK.
The Staff was nice, the place was clean.
The smell was amazing.
The Pulled pork was dry and did not have a lot of flavor on its own.
I can tell it was good pork, just not done right.
The sauce (one type) was good but was lacking, just OK I would like to see something with some heat to it as well.
The bun was large but did not compliment the pork.
I think it may have been a little old and not as fresh as possible.
The homemade tater salad was rather gross.
It was a mushy mess of mayo, taters, eggs and special rub seasoning.
I didn't even finish it.
Pork $7.95 with one side  Drink $1.85  Total $10.52   Would I go back...of course but it better be good.

Seriously some of the best ribs I have ever had.
Coming from a husky gentleman such as myself that says a lot.
The ribs had obviously been very slowly cooked and literally fell off the bone.
That's right, literally.........not figuratively, literally.
The beans were tasty and the coleslaw  was too.
But the ribs were ridiculous.
Not the cheapest ribs I have ever had but definitely reasonable.
The owner seemed jovial and a slight bit nerdy but well intentioned as can be.
If I were staying in town this would be a regular haunt.

My coworker lives up in Anthem and has been raving about this place, knowing that I am a fan of good BBQ.
He brought me in a half slab of ribs with some baked beans.
Sauce, awesome smoky flavor with a tangy sweetness; ribs, flavorful, falling off the bone, even the bones were soft; baked beans, sweet not spicy but very delicious, Seriously my only complaint on this whole meal is it is such a far drive but well worth it.

Probably would vote best bbq in city.
I love BBQ and eat at many places with BBQ.
Beans are terrific and great sweet potato fries rock.
BBQ sauce is chefs own and so is the rub, he competes and this is how his story begins, check this place out and you won't regret it.
Must try ribs and brisket.
Service is great and family friendly.
Recommend this place and hope to see them on Drive in Diners and Dives in the future.
AWESOME FOOD.
If you try it email DDD and see if you can get them to show up, this is a great place and one of the only places that has a local smoker onsite (BIG PLUS).

Best BBQ in the state... period.
I stop in to pick up lunch every couple of weeks, and go back and forth between the platter with brisket and chicken, and the brisket sandwich.
I've never been a big fan of chicken, but the way they make it here, I can make an exception.

I'm still a huge fan of Q to U but the pulled pork was dry and needed the extra BBQ sauce on my last visit.
They only have one sauce and a dry rub seasoning but that's not an issue since their sauce is better than most and is finger lick~n, lip smack~n good without question!
We also had their ribs which were still a 5 star rating and we had their Hawg Dog ~ smoked sausage link stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon!!
It was topped with an onion and jalapeño relish that was Hawg Heavenly!
The fries were very good with some of the dry BBQ seasoning but their potato salad was not as fresh as with prior visits and their slaw tasted a lot like KFC.
All in all, I'm still a HUGE fan of Q to U and think they are the best place to go for BBQ ribs, BBQ chicken and now Hawg Dogs in the Phoenix market.

Good BBQ...meat stands on it's own with good smoke taste and the sauce only accents the flavor.
Very clean and well laid out.
It is worth the drive just to get the Hawg Dawg.
What's a Hawg Dawg?
Glad you asked!!!
It is a smoked sausage, stuffed with cheese, wrapped in Bacon and deep fried.
Topped with diced onions and our own sweet hot jalapenos.
Q to U, you had me a Deep Fried and Bacon....
I'd be happy to bump this puppy up to 4 stars if only they had Sweet Tea.
I know it's a 'Southern Thing' but c'mon!

This place is great!!
Friendly staff and quality bbq!
This is real bbq, not the stuff they throw in an oven and soaked in Liquid Smoke.
Heck, the big honking smoker is right there so you can see the food come right out of it.
In addition, the Hawg Dawg, potato skins and nachos are all absolutely amazing.
Wash it down with a PBR in a can and I am a happy girl!
As for the Illinois BBQ comment below, they aren't from IL so not sure what he's talking about.
Also, just for clarification, BBQ started in the South but not in the Southwest!!
This is amazing BBQ and worth the drive!

Q to U BBQ in Anthem is AWESOME...
I tried their pulled pork nacho's the other day and they were great (didn't think I'd like pulled pork or bbq sauce on my nacho's but I sure did).
You will know the first time you walk in the door and smell everything cooking you are at the right place!

went here the other day and bought a slab of ribs.
the meat was very well cooked @ delicious,i choose to get them dry with the sauce on the side, its was good a good dry rib  means the cook knows what he's doing and the sauce is just a good accent to the meat.
they really know what they're doing....DELISH!!

Just scored on an"unbutton your pants special" and fed my whole family with plenty to spar the barbecued chicken was awesome great color very tender & juicy.I just can't get enough of this place.....

Second visit and I see what I was missing....
It had to be an off day last time I was in.
Perhaps I was off my meds or my taste buds were lazy... who knows.
I went back and had the same thing as last time (how is that for stupidity?
)   The pork was great, no mushy spots, full of flavor, plenty of meat in the bun.
The bun was an egg bun, toasted, and complimented the pork perfectly.
It was not dry or stale at all.
There was plenty of sauce but not too much.
The sauce was good, sweet with a nice profile.
They still serve only one sauce but have 7 different types of heat you can add.
:)   The tater salad was fresh, but still just not my thing.
I tried to figure out what is it that I do not like about it????
I think it is just not my type.
I did however ask to try the beans and slaw...
I HAD to find a side I liked.
The Beans were it.. Nice spice, and flavor.
The slaw was rather good, yet different too.
It was as I would say "lite slaw" it was crisp and refreshing rather then over sauced and mushy.
$10.52 for the Pork, Side and Drink.
Service was excellent, place was clean (except the pepper shaker) the owners are great people and love a little conversation.

Best ever "real" BBQ and glad they are in Anthem.
The pulled pork and brisket sandwiches are terrific right down to the tasty toasted buns.
Love the beans and coleslaw too.
Even when we have out of town guests they rave about the BBQ.
We are frequent patrons.

Not good.
We had a bad batch of ribs (tough and grainy) and fried mac and cheese was cold.
It's overpriced and would not recommend to anybody.

Yummy BBQ!!
I must say I'm a fan of any place that has Bread pudding.
I got the chicken, which was delicious and moist.
My family got the ribs and brisket, which they said were great.

Really enjoyed the Ribs and fries, I came with friends that really like BBQ, they agree, the ribs were terrific!
I am sure we will be going back to Q to U.

After spending some time at the outlets my husband and I wanted to grab a bite to eat before we made the trek back down to Phoenix.
Of course I turned to Yelp (we couldn't handle the food court options) and came across Q to U BBQ and the Yelpers positive reviews.
As a huge BBQ fan, I was eager to try for myself.
As we pulled up we  immediately smelled the BBQ and couldn't wait to get inside.
We walked in and were surprised at how small the place was but were immediately reassured when we saw the numerous trophy's and awards around the place.
We ordered the pulled pork and pulled chicken sandwiches with one side of beans and one side of cole slaw.
The pork was tender and flavorful and the bun was fresh and lightly toasted.
Definitely a good choice.
I then tasted the chicken and was in BBQ heaven.
It was full of flavor and absolutely tasty!
The beans were phenomenal and I wish I had ordered an extra bowl!
Bottom line - this place is legit and the next time I'm in Anthem you bet I'm pulling in!

Ok so Im a resident here in anthem and me and my family go to this bbq place all the time!
The family owned restauraunt is very cozy and smells amazing!
Not to mention beer and football.
How could you get any better!
It's great!
the staff is so friendly and they genuinely care about your service not to mention very appreciative!
We love this place!
The food is amazing and very well priced!
Worth the drive wherever you are coming from.
highly recommended!

Loved it.
Pulled pork & pulled chicken, bbq sauce & the cole slaw were ALL outstanding.
ONLY caveat is that GPS tries to send you to thhe wrong side of the highway.
It is in the shopping center with CVS & Circle K.

Q to U is a total 5 star experience when it comes to dinning BBQ in the Phoenix area!
It's been since Feb since my last update.
Owners David and Karyn continue to make tweets and adjustments to their restaurant to ensure they are providing their customers a great dinning experience and THE BEST BBQ in and around the Phoenix metro.
Start your meal off with an app of Pulled Pork BBQ Nachos and some tasty Arizona beer and/or ails!!!
They have BBQ Brew, Domestic and Premium Beers available.
The best thing to order for two really hungry people or for a small family is their Loosen your Belt~ 1/2 slab of their award winning ribs, smoked chicken thigh/leg, large portion of their award winning pulled pork and brisket.
You also have your choice of two pint sized sides.
I recommend their seasoned fried and potato salad or their BBQ beans!!
This is a whole lot of their BBQ deliciousness for $25.
Q to U is a fantastic place to bring your family next time you're searching for some really good BBQ or just plain hungry and enjoy tasty, almost sinfully~deliciousness food.
So if you're in the area, stop by and let David, Karyn and the Q to U team take care of you're BBQ craving!

The sweet aroma of smoking meats hit my olfactory senses immediately upon entering this place.
A small quaint plaza restaurant apparently family run.
The large pulled pork sandwich (The Papa Jack) was great.
Plenty O' Smoke and good sauce on the side.
The beans were good as well as the fries.
It seems as a whole, that bbq joints skimp a little on the sides.
I don't know why, but this should be looked into and remedied.
They weren't awfully small but just enough to get a decent taste.
The owner talked to me a bit to make sure I enjoyed the meal.
Very friendly.
I think he was from Chicago, not sure.
They have some interesting things on the menu I definitely want to try, like the Hawg Dawg- a deep fried sausage with cheese and bacon.
I will be back when my cholesterol is down a bit.

Everything I have eaten from here has been delicious!
Seriously some of the best ribs I've ever had, smoky and tender.
If you're daring, get the hawg dawg, cheese stuffed sausage wrapped in bacon, Yum!
Love their beans too, smoky and sweet, nice balance.

Simply awesome bbq and people to match!
If there is anything better in the Phoenix area it's hidden!!!
Pulled pork, ribs and everything else I've tried has been nothing short of terrific!

You will rate Q to U BBQ higher than me if you like SWEET.
It was sort of exciting to see the action of BBQ with all the big slabs of meat coming in and going out of the big smoker right before your eyes.
We also felt very welcomed here from outgoing friendly staff and we noticed many awards they received for BBQ .
Between us we had pulled pork , pulled chicken , brisket and sides .
The pork had the most flavor followed by the chicken but the sauce they have is very sweet .
The brisket we had needed a little more time cooking .
The fries were perfect and very tasty with their yummy seasoning .
The cole slaw was fresh as can be but very VERY SWEET and a bit runny .
For me this was just OK since I don't care for sweet BBQ but for you this might be GREAT!

This place is as good as it gets!!!
I agree with the below comments, it's a sweet BBQ.
But still the BEST I've ever had.
I always get the salad with the chicken, no need for dressing, his wonderful bbq sauce is all you'll need.
And their fries have the wonderful dry rub on them that makes you have a hard time not eating them all!
Not only is the food great, but the owner is SO personable.
We half come back just for him!
While you are there, buy some of his BBQ sauce!!!!
It's not advertised so you have to ask, I think it's $5 for 2 squeeze bottles.
Totally worth it!
And try some of their beer on tap!
All around a wonderful experience and I would recommend this place to anyone who loves award winning BBQ.

Hands down the best pulled pork I've ever had.
What a find to stumble onto.
Just mouthwatering and fresh.
The bun was perfect before they toasted it but toasting it just made it better.
Lightly sauced, but plenty of sauce dispensers if you want more.
I thought I would, but I didn't.
Didn't feel the need to mess with perfection.
No atmosphere really, but we sat outside and it was really nice.
The girl taking our order at the counter, which is how they do it like fast food, still came out with our food and even checked on us.
She was awesome too.
Pleasant experience on all fronts and worth going out of my way the next time to or from Sedona.

Delicious food, nicest owner, great service and fair prices!
Order anything, I have tried numerous menu items and have never been even slightly disappointed.

Great quality and taste great.
You get what you pay for!!!
Is a little pricey but Im sure quality meat is expensive.
Great sauce.

Go here at least once a week.
Get the Pulled Pork Nachos.
Best ever.

Great place for BBQ in Anthem.
When you get a chance try their creation called the Hog Dog, don't be scared it's not as spicy as the description may imply.
The Ribs are better than average, the fried macaroni and cheese lacks flavor.
As for everything else on the menu, it's great.
I can say that because I have tasted the whole menu already.

FANTASTIC bar-b-que...
LOVED the pulled pork and my daughter loved the ribs... we will be back repeatedly for more!
The owners are very nice and not too busy to talk about their love of Bar-b-queing and their pride in it shows in their food!

Great BBQ style food.
Pulled pork tastes amazing and they have sweet potato fries!
NOM Only thing is they are a lil pricey... also have TVs to watch football, etc

Top notch barbeque right here in Anthem!
I love the ribs and pulled pork, but it's all good and we always enjoy coming over or getting takeout for the football games at home.

Best pulled pork I've had.
Perfect mix and melt in your mouth pork.
Owner clearly loves his work and befriends his customers.
Food far makes up for the strip mall atmosphere.

Lucky to stumble upon this place on our drive up to sedona.
I have been craving good Bbq and everything in Arizona seems to be fast food quality.
No flavor, fatty, they must think our taste buds are dead.
Not this place.
Now I find myself tempted to drive from fountain hills to anthem just for some good BBQ.
This time I tried something new as I wanted a light lunch and got the bbq chicken salad with a side of sweet fries.
Awesome lunch.
My 3 year old got the chicken strips and ill admit they were pretty good as he wanted me to try them first.

Best BBQ around!

The owners here are great and take a lot of pride in their food and make a positive impact on the community.
I dont think it's the "best" bbq and I dont see what the fuss is but then again, Im more of a Texas BBQ gal than the sweet KC style.
I have tried their ribs and brisket a few times and it does nothing for me.
Although, I do like their pulled pork and their French Fries are really good too.

Stopped here on the drive from Phoenix to Sedona for a late lunch.
The restaurant is spotless, the service snappy and the ribs are off-the-chain!
We met Karyn, one of owners and we were quick to compliment her on the amazing ribs.
She smiled and said that they like to think that their secret ingredient is "love".
There are lots of trophies and appreciation plaques inside the restaurant.
It is obvious that the owners are big supporters of local youth sports and the community, just one more reason to love what they do at Q to U BBQ.
We wish we didn't live in Georgia and could frequent here more often!
If you're an out-of-towner, like us, don't hesitate to detour off I-17N and stop in here for a fantastic meal.
For you locals, if you haven't eaten at Q to U BBQ yet, what are you waiting for?

One of Kiddo's friends had a birthday party up in Anthem, which is very far from where we live.
So rather than drive back home and come back to get him, we decided to make a night out of it.
After we dropped him off at the party, we drove around and spotted this place using the Yelp app.
After browsing the menu, we decided to order:  Brisket, Ribs combo platter w/Slaw & Fries, $13.95 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/q-to-u-bbq-anthem?select=0Eo-H7WmjYrA9e8NBjSNwQ#0Eo-H7WmjYrA9e8NBjSNwQ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/q-to-u-bbq-anthem?select=bLr55BZOk48u5U-1lxyRmw#bLr55BZOk48u5U-1lxyRmw  Pork, Ribs combo platter w/Beans & Slaw, $13.95 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/q-to-u-bbq-anthem?select=ZvcXE5Yxuv6-uW9kCz6UUw#ZvcXE5Yxuv6-uW9kCz6UUw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/q-to-u-bbq-anthem?select=MeFJbGTjitF_bHYy32Qi2Q#MeFJbGTjitF_bHYy32Qi2Q http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/q-to-u-bbq-anthem?select=bhqNCX9DO_f1yd9ZsVFs4w#bhqNCX9DO_f1yd9ZsVFs4w  The joint is pretty small and we were there during the peak dinner hour, so it got packed.
Luckily we found a table.
After a little while the food came out.
We were starving, so it had no chance to last very long.
I had the Brisket & Ribs.
The Brisket was very good....juicy and full of smokey flavor.
The Ribs were ok, not the best I've ever had, but good.
I sampled some of The Better Half's Pork....that was very good too.
The Slaw is outstanding.
I think this place is family owned....everyone there was nice and accommodating.
Too bad it's in BFE, otherwise I'd eat here more often.
Return Factor - 95%

Some great BBQ here.
I got the combo plate with ribs and pulled pork.
I loved them both.
The coleslaw was good too, KFC style.
The "house" beer (PBR) was only a couple of bucks.
Place is clean and bright and even has a couple of tables outside.
The only drawback (and I know I will get some s**t for this) is that there isn't really anything on the menu for our vegetarian friends.
The girlfriend settled on a salad, but they all had meat, and when we asked for the meat to be taken off, there was no price adjustment.
Not the biggest deal-breaker in the world, but still a little annoying.

Amazing pulled pork sandwich.
And the BBQ sauce went with it perfectly.
And the beans were super tasty.
Top that off with a Grand Canyon Amber, and you have a perfect lunch after a morning of shopping.
Just an FYI, the Yelp App map has this on the south side of the road, that would be incorrect, its on the North side in the little shopping center.

Had to come back for the pulled pork nachos and pick up a bottle of BBQ sauce.
Good people serving good que.

Always like butter, love the BBQ sauce!

Best ribs ever.
This is the only place that gets our patronage on a weekly basis.
It's that good.

Best BBQ in town!!!
I was hooked on Pork on a Fork until I ate here, the ribs, brisket, and pulled pork was Awesome and the sides were very good as well.
I'm hoping they get another location closer to Scottsdale.

After trying a bunch of over hyped and woefully uninspiring BBQ joints in North Phoenix, I decided to check out Q to U BBQ in Anthem.
It's quite a drive from my office, but my taste buds always thank me when I finish my lunch.
This place is not cheap, it cost me $11.59 for a Brisket Sandwich combo that included a side of coleslaw and a drink.
I think that the brisket is very tasty and I prefer it over the pulled pork.
Currently, those are the only two items I have tried to date.
The coleslaw was good, but not KFC good.
I have had the beans and I thought they were decent.
The fries have a little too much cayenne pepper or some similar type spice on them in my opinion.
So I don't order the fries anymore.
They have a fair amount of seating and they get your food out to you relatively quick.
So my next order of business is to work my way through the rest of the menu.

This place is a 4.5 stars for me, but I'll error on the positive side.
Went in on a Friday night, and service was excellent.
We were greeted upon entry, and guy working the counter had a good attitude and walked us thru the menu.
We got the "loosen the belt" platter that had chicken, ribs, pork and brisket (split between 3 people).
I go straight for the pork, but it was the chicken that peaked my interest, which I almost never get at BBQ.
Had a nice sweet flavor, with a bit of spice.
Pork and brisket were both very good, as well as baked beans and potato salad.
Also had a good selection of craft beers.
My own comment would be I thought the dry rub on the ribs was too strong on the paprika.
This is probably personal preference though.
Overall, food/sauce/beer and service was very good.
I'll be back.
FYI, it's a small shot, check the hours before you go, closed on Mondays and close at 8:30 most days I think.

The best BBQ I've found in Phoenix.
Brisket  is perfectly smoked and the Hawgs Dawg is the best sausage sandwich I've ever had.

The place looks fast foodie but the grub is top notch.
I'm drooling just thinking of the Papa Jack I ordered.
The pork is deee-licious.
The price is a bit higher than other places for a quick bite but well worth it.
A can of beer was also pretty damn pricey, but compliments the BBQ perfectly.
Will be back again and again.

Awesome BBQ!
Owner is super-attentive and the pulled pork sandwich I ordered was incredibly tender and juicy and the bun was even lightly toasted - nice touch!
A great alternative to the boring food court food at the outlets!
Will definitely return here!

Was disappointed after seeing all the five star reviews and finally eating here.
The brisket, though tender, was fatty and seemed parboiled.
The ribs, also tender, hardly had any smoke flavor and also seemed boiled.
The good points were the beans and french fries.
Overall, all meats seemed to lack the smokey flavor and smoke ring I'm used to in true BBQ.
Two stars because of the quality of the food and the moderately high price.

Super friendly service, owner attention, great pulled pork nachos, local craft brews on tap.It's obvious from the awards on the wall that they are serious about their barbecue.
Is this the best barbecue I've ever had?
No, that honor belongs to a place I found in Austin TX.
But Q to U is very good and you'll be treated like family here.

Been here 4 times now.
Food is decent but expensive.
Had side of sweet potato fries last week for take out and they were burnt.
Probably will only visit in a pinch!

Yum!!!
My husband and I talked about how delicious our sandwiches were probably until the next day.
I had the brisket bbq sammie and fries.. the hub got the pulled pork and beans.
Beans were great.
Loved their bbq sauce.
The brisket melts in your mouth.
The guy that took our order was nice and I overheard him talking about winning awards with their ribs.
We will def be back to try them.

I trusted my fellow Yelpers and stopped here for lunch as I traveled North.
I had a great brisket sandwich.
They told me that the meat was put in the smoker at 9 pm the prior night and it indeed was slow roasted perfection over a wood fire.
They have a great BBQ sauce that complimented the meat.
They know their BBQ here!

Nothing fancy just really good BBQ!!
Maybe the best Brisket in the metro Phoenix area.
Have a cold PBR and enjoy!

I love this place.
Like the owners, my family used to compete in the BBQ circuit.
Because of the family obsession i have become a BBQ 'snob'.
I will say the BBQ pork is great, moist and juicy and the sauce is perfectly sweet and tangy.
The sides are decent.
I'm not sure about another review saying the pork and potato salad weren't good.
I enjoyed them a great deal.
The hubby loves coming here for a midday lunch and nice chat with the owner.
I like that this is a local, family-owned small business and will continue to support it.

Awesome BBQ felt like I was in the SOUTH :-)

I wish I could get an air freshener for my car that smells like this place.
As soon as you walk in, that smokey meaty goodness slaps you silly and your inner carnivore takes over.
I'll save you some time - order the combo.
Get the brisket and the ribs, with beans and fries.
Unlike the McRibletWich you had last week, you will never regret this decision.
Here's a bonus "Pro Tip": if a fry were to "accidentally" fall into the beans, you might just discover pure happiness and start feeling alive again.
Oh and the Sonoran Dog is a similarly spiritual experience.
One other thing I'll say about this place, we recently tired getting some brisket as take out - I'd recommend not trying that - it seemed a little more greasy and you lose something when you're not enveloped in that heavenly smoky hog fog.
Just order, sit down and eat!

OMG best bbq I have had in a long time.
I will highly recommend this restaurant to all my friends and family.
Loved to pulled chicken sandwich.

Best BBQ we've had in Arizona, and we're from Tx, so we know BBQ!
Had the pulled pork sandwich and baked beans.
Both very good.
Too bad there's only one in the valley.

I can honestly say everytime I've been here it was great!
The staff is always friendly, and make you feel comfortable.
The mood is more family oriented, so its not like a rowdy bar.
They offer great food and good vibes!
I like how you can see the kitchen preparing fresh food and their BBQ sauce is home recipe.

