Small, intimate and friendly, Al Dente offers really good quality Italian dishes.
Their cappelletti in brodo was one of the standout dishes from our 2011 restaurant visits.
Overall, we said: "we were well impressed with Al Dente.
We thought their food was really good, with a strong emphasis on keeping things simple and letting the flavours sing.

We went here on the recommendation of the two other reviews on Yelp, and were pleased.
The place is very small, but perfectly decorated.
The staff are friendly and communicative.
My friends all loved what they had, but I wasn't so keen on the baked cod; it was rather flavorless.
One friend had the figs for a starter and she loved them.
Another had lasagna, and said that it was the best lasagna she's ever had in her life.
I'd say that this place is worth the trip.
Plus, they got very high ratings on another website that it used a lot in the UK.

I've lived on Easter Road for five years and can't believe I've never visited Al Dente before this week.
This is a really wonderful restaurant, with great staff who serve up some of the best Italian food I have tasted outside of Italy.
Authentic!
My friends and I enjoyed antipasti, paste & dolci courses and drank the house red wine, everything was beautifully presented & tasted delicious.
I ate baked figs (Fichi al forno), a seafood pasta dish (Paccheri al Branzino) and Profiteroles al cioccolato for dessert.
I actually can't wait to work my way through every single thing on the menu now and bump up my rating to 5* in the process.
Great for food with friends, or a cosy meal for two.
Highly recommended!

Al Dente has been on my 'to do' list for a while based on a friend's recommendation but one of the biggest put-offs for me is where it's situated - it's just so far off the beaten track for my liking and unless you live local, it's a pain to get to.
On a Saturday night, I like to go for dinner near where I intend to drink and Easter Rd bars just aren't my scene - am I being snobby?
Yes..
Yes I am.
Back to the restaurant - I wasn't as impressed as I expected bearing in mind the other reviews I read on yelp.
My pet hate (I have a few!
) is when booking a table over the phone and the person you're speaking to implies they are completely fully booked but they can squeeze you in - at 6.15!!
After internally 'harrumphing' at this antisocial time I hastily accepted the table, just feeling grateful I managed to get a table.
So.....you can imagine my annoyance when the restaurant was empty - literally!
It was a bit cringe-worthy having a whispered conversation with my date in an empty restaurant with an overly attentive waiter who had nothing else to do.
I apologised to my date more than once with " I promise...they told me they were full!!
" I felt slightly conned especially when we were immediately ushered to the table by the window, in what I thought was an attempt to bring in passing custom.
The restaurant started to fill up around 8pm, so they clearly did have other bookings for the evening, but not between 6.15 and 8pm.
Food-wise, it was nice but not entirely memorable - the menu is very small and typical of authentic Italy with Antipasti, Pasta, Secondi and Dolce options.
I had the Asparagus and Ricotta filo parcels to start which were quite nice, but as a non fish eater (yes, I know!
) there wasn't a lot else on the menu I could or wanted to eat.
I then went for the Lasagna which based on a previous review that stated "the best lasagna I've ever tasted" was a bit disappointing.
Yeah I enjoyed it, but was it the best?
No.
Would I have rated this restaurant a bit higher if the ambiance had been different, my expectations were not set so high from outset and it wasn't empty?
Probably.
'Meh' pretty much sums my overall experience.

Very small, but the food is fantastic.
Owner is very involved and takes great care of his customers.
The deserts were out of this world - Limoncello raspberry Tiramisu   Wow

Troligen kommer du inte förbi Al Dente om du besöker Edinburgh.
Så ta buss 35 (flygbusslinjen) mot öster och stig av vid "Hillside before Brunswick" och gå ett 50-tal meter i bussens färdriktning, så är du där.
Det är värt insatsen.
Överraskande utmärkt italiensk restaurang.
Rätterna är inte bara tillagade.
De är komponerade.
Den inte alltför omfattande menyn är precis och det tas ett stort ansvar i hela processen, inklusive din trivsel och tillfredsställdhet med upplevelsen och besöket.
I Edinburgh är den i toppskiktet av restauranger.

Ist time dinner at al dente with my wife for Valentine's day phoned 2 book a table to be told luckily had 1 table  left for 6.30.
When we arrived we showen 2 our table stuck away in the corner and giving the set menu something they forgot to tell me when I booked the table.
The waiter brought us wot we thought was a complimentary glass of bubbly each or so we thought until we got our bill.
Not been a fish eater my choices where limited with 3 starter's I been fish and 2 fish mains so starters we opted for the ravioli and soup and mains my wife for the monk fish and me for the loin of pork served with blue cheese not been a lover of blue cheese I opted not 2 have it.
So the starter's came soup quite nice but under seasoned and the ravioli was far from being al dente the only flavoursome part of it was the sage butter sauce.
Mains not much better the pork was served with roast veg (a few slithers of red onion and courgette) and a potato flan im still wondering where the flan cane into it not sure if it was mash or boiled potatoes the pork to me was rather dry to We choose the strawberry tir masuo for dessert witch was a complete let down it was more like a cream sponge with half a chopped strawberry on top with a swoosh of chocolate sauce and strawberry coulis.
Finished with what I would say was the worst brandy coffee that I've had in any restaurant I've been in.
Disappointment is an understatement especially when the bill came and found out we were charged for the bubbly we never ordered.

This is a genuine authentic Italian restaurant - I'm half Italian and have been on the search for the ultimate lasagne.
And I've found it!
Alright I'll agree it's not the best situated restaurant in terms of the city centre but any bus goes down past Easter Road that is the 26,1,35,44,34,19 so it's not bad to get to.
Food is fantastic, service is very friendly - staff were well up for chatting with you and making sure you have a nice experience.
Like I said, it's authentic.
If you want pizza go somewhere else!
This restaurant embellishes the traditional Italian taste - which actually contains a lot of sea food.
It upsets me when people give it a bad review because there's too much seafood - that is what Italians eat!
The name of the restaurant is reflected in the food - proper al dente pasta, so good, you'll go home and halve the time you take to cool you're own pasta.
Love the place, am disappointed that I've only just discovered it before I leave Edinburgh :(  Hope this review was helpful, you will enjoy it.
I'd definitely recommend the lasagne!
If you're visiting and not familiar with the area grab a taxi from the centre of town, it'll only be £6 tops.

