I almost applied for a job here.
It's lucky I investigated first.
The staff were zombies.
All of them.
Happy, smiley, zombies.
They carried out their tasks with the biggest grins and the cheeriest of voices.
There was never a frown upon them.
Only some distant look, somewhere behind those wide eyes, something silently saying, begging, "help me".
So despite the fact the the Build a Bear company removes the personality of any employee and replace them with some  soulless cheer, forever cursed to build legions of bears, this shop really does seem lovely and innocent.
Sure its a big company that exists only to exploit a niche market and take precious money away from poor little children by convincing them that the only road to happiness is in a stuffed toy, but they really do a good job of convincing you how wonderful and cute it all is!
In short: you go in, you build a bear, you pay up.
You can customise your own bear in all manner of ways, from the sort of fluffy stuff its made from, to its clothes, to the voice it has.
It truly is a Frankenstein experiment.
You can give them your OWN voice, or a preexisting voice (I expect the stolen voice from the captive exmployees, now replaced with one of three default Build a Bear squeeky voices).
In all seriousness this probably is the sort of place I would have loved when I was a kid.
I loved toys.
In many ways I still do.
I can still appreciate the charm and magic this sort of place can represent for a child.

With bears starting from as little as £5 Build A Bear is the perfect place to pop into if your out shopping with the kids, with the promise of a bear, they'll be more than willing to co-operate when being dragged round the shops.
My friend does this with her little cousins all the time and it always works a treat.
The staff here are super friendly, and like Jonny I did find that they seemed inanely happy and perhaps have gone slightly mad having to be enthusiastic about stuffing and dressing cuddly toys during the 9-5 slog.
It's not just the teddy you can get here, you can also buy them clothes and accessories including scuba diving outfits, goggles and wedding dresses.
Crazy...

I've always felt this toy store is a little out of place on Princes Street, which is dominated by the likes of Urban Outfitters, H&M and Topshop.
To be honest, I only went in because I spotted a class mate working behind the till!
I'm convinced I would have LOVED this place as a child; I was quite the teddy obsessive and the prospect of being able to custom design my own would have blown my mind!
If you're too lazy to design one from scratch, they also sell ready made toys as well.
It's quite a large, bright shop and was a pleasant place to pass time, despite having no intentions of buying anything!

