One hungover Sunday morning (read early evening) I leapt (read fell) out of bed and brightly made my way to the kitchen to make myself a gourmet dinner using a Heston Blumenthal recipe (read shouted at my flatmate where the hell are the takeaway menus).
As a rule I have been mightily unimpressed with the Chinses takeaways in Edinburgh, they are overpriced and I always think I've accidentally received an extra soup before realising it's my poor little beef chow mein trying desperately to keep from drowning in grease.
However, fear not my trusty beef noodles, with Hong's you will be safe from a slow greasy death.
I have finally found a Chinese takeaway where I don't genuinely fear a coronary attack after a binge.
The dishes are well cooked, flavoursome and there is a huge variety.
However the best part is the price; 'chow mein (or to be fancy udon) for £4.50, that grease must have gone to your head boyo' I hear you say, but nay my friends, I speak the truth.
There are also meal deals for 3 or 4 people and a family meal, and cards are accepted.
To cap it all off they've dabbled, successfully I might add, in the Thai market.
Although a more limited menu and slightly more expensive than the Chinese, the food is excellent, and considerably cheaper than other Thai takeaways.

I'm a fan of mom-and-pop restaurants, particularly where you go in and the people make you feel like family and are friendly.
Starving for hot meal, I dashed across the Meadows to Hong's, a tiny Chinese restaurant located about 2 blocks south of Melville in the quiet Marchmont area.
Sandwiched between produce stores and boutiques, Hong's offers a cozy dining room for table service, along with take-away / carry-out service.
Their menu is extensive and well-priced for the portions.
I recommend the combo special which is just under 7 pounds and includes a can of coke, giant bag of fried chips (don't know the name but they're tasty), an entree, plus rice.
having a penchance for spicy foods, I inquired if they would make a particular dish spicy--and they happily obliged.
The wonton soup is solid, but the chicken mushroom dish (which also includes scallions) was great.
I'll definitely go back whenever I'm in the area, and if not, there's a cheap delivery service for only 1 pound.

Really disappointed in my take-away from here.
I ordered a Chinese dish of chicken, spring onion and ginger and asked for some garlic to be thrown in (which it wasn't) and my girlfriend ordered a Thai dish.
Both looked exactly the same  colourless and gloopy.
My Tom Yum soup was only half full and contained nothing more than some decent stock but only two prawns.
The worst part of my meal was the boiled rice which was dry, hard and brittle.
Probably the worst rice I've had from a take away.
All of these negative points is really down to the place cutting corners and presumably heating things up in microwaves (I think the rice was heated in the oven because it came in the foil tray).
When you get spongy chicken and colourless veg in microwaveable dishes you know it's not going to be good.
Avoid.

For Chinese takeaways Hong's is one of the best I've ever had.
It's fast, it's delicious and it's not too greasy.
I love Hong's.
I'd recommended: the shredded crispy chicken in chilli sauce, the satay chicken, the chicken wings (salt and pepper), ribs, the pad pad thai.
Not only do they serve Chinese food but they also do Thai.
Hong's is also super affordable.
Get a bunch of friends together and order a various things off the menu.
I guarantee Hong's won't disappoint!

Marchmont's Best Chinese  I believe this is the case but my research hasn't been all exhaustive.
It's on one of the most eclectic streets in the area, which includes the great Argyle Bar, an awesome fruit shop, a wee coffee shop, a yoga place and a 'sauna'.
I drink in the argyle quite a bit, and normally need some form of food when I'm heading home, Hongs is my preferred location.
As Shona F said their ribs are pretty damn good, and I'm a fan of all the usually, I think the secret is in their sauces - they do a really mean Peking sauce, and the chilli salted chicken wings are the bomb - the portions are really good also, though not cheap, it is value for money!

Popped in a couple of times now after a colleague reccomened this place on the strength of there salt and pepper chips.
We rocked up last night after few polite drinks at the argyle and decied to try out a few more dishes.
The veg tempura wasnt on so that was s bit disappointing but we went for vegetable fried rice and asked to make this very spicy.
This was great.
really nice and the chef didnt hold back on the spice.
The much discussed salt and pepper chips were great.
They seem to be chips stirfried with veg, chillis, ginger and soy sauce.
It sounds wweird but it is actually amazing.... well it is once you have had a few beers.
The other options we had were quite standard fair Spring rolls etc.
All in thumbs up.
Worth popping in now and again for some standardish chinese food.

