Oh my goodness, I just LOVE Lakeland!
For some people cooking is a chore, my mum can't stand it and so only does it out of necessity but for me, it never gets boring.
Whether I'm firing a pizza in the oven or baking some fresh bread I love nothing better than to rustle up a storm in the kitchen.
I've recently been experimenting with baking, making all kinds of cakes, muffins and brownies and adding as much chocolate as possible.
Lakeland is a dream for someone who loves cooking and sees it as more of a hobby than a chore.
They have so many quirky kitchen accessories including pretty moulds for cakes, cake stands, apple slicers, blenders and various other cooking utensils.
On a recent visit I noticed that they have the Soda Stream and I used to have one of them in my old flat and it was ace.
It retails at just under £60 and at the moment if you buy it you get a free sampler kit with various different flavours to add to it - sounds awesome!

Just like Eleanor, I'm also never more at home than when cooking up something in the kitchen.
I can only actually cook one dish mind, but what a dish it is.
Pasta with clams, tomatoes, onions, parsley, garlic and lots and lots of chilli.
It's healthy, delicious, and so unbelievably spicy that it's barely edible to anyone without an asbestos tongue like me.
As a lover of food, the fancy and quirky cookware at Lakeland is always of enough interest to keep me browsing, and their knack of making stuff which is both striking looking and totally practical has to be applauded.
It's not the cheapest though, so I still stick to my rusty old grease-soaked pan.

A reasonably good kitchen shop that sells all those very specialist impliments that you don't get in many places.
Prices are strange ... sometimes feels like you're getting good value, other times that things are overpriced ... but I can't say exactly why it feels that way.

Lakeland is kind of like crack for bakers.
It has some great cooking and general kitchen doo-dad gear too, but mostly I come here for the baking stuff.
They've got really high quality and sometimes hard to find ingredients like Madagascar vanilla and vanilla sugar, loads of cute cupcake liners, any size baking tin you could ever need, cake decorating supplies, and the list literally goes on and on and on.
Beyond this, they've got a downstairs I only recently discovered that has loads of practical (and pricey) things like apparently the best oven cleaner *ever* (which if you're like me you need because cleaning the oven is often avoided in my house).
The only downside is that everything is so pretty, but not necessarily so genuinely practical or afford-ably priced.

This Lakeland location is in the most lovely space.
Bright, airy, and full of light, it's not at all crowded and all the gadgets and kitchen goodies can be easily seen and explored.
We stopped in for one specific thing, easily found it, and enjoyed a good wander around.

