I have bookmarked the Craig Rd location forever and never could figure out when to get up there.
Thank goodness they opened inside Island Sushi which is a hop-skip-and-a-jump away!
There are like 20 kinds of poke: raw crab, ahi chili water, limu, mussel, tako kimchee, lomi salmon, etc.
I am just thrilled they are open nearby.
They served some of their poke as part of Island's Hawaiian brunch so I tried the ahi and the raw crab.
Both scrumptious!
I will go back for snacks and to fix up a tasty meal.
They are also just south of Japan Creek so it can be a super raw seafood extravaganza!

Seriously.. the best poke in town.
Their new location in Island Sushi is uber convenient vs. driving to N. LV for their original location.
They have various types of poke including pipikaula and dried aku.
Their spicy tuna is broke da mout!!
Big chucks of ahi, not the ground up crap you find everywhere else.
The spicy salmon is just as ono too!
No joke.
I've tried a bunch of their pokes.
The shoyu, limu and wasabi ahi are among some of my faves.
They use fresh limu, not the crappy dehydrated stuff.
They're reasonably priced at about $10/lb.
Man, you go to International Market Place and you are paying almost $15/lb and they only have poke on certain days.
Poke Express is a definite fave whenever I'm craving some really good and fresh poke!
Not to mention you can get an awesome plate lunch at Island Sushi while you are there too!

They are going to start opening on Wednesdays!!!
yay!
I went by yesterday for a snack and ended up getting to taste all sorts of things while meeting the owner, Darren.
He mixes sauce fresh in with the fish right there!
I got tako wasabi *small amount* :) plus salmon poke with spicy sauce and masago + furikake ahi poke.
I got to taste the dried aku which is good (bonito/skipjack) but I just couldn't have it all this time.
Yum yum everything was so fresh!!!

Okay, finally found this place after 2 tries--  No one said it was in the same space as the take out side of Island Sushi!
Poke is fantastic.
Went limu and wasabi, both were so fresh and delicious!
This place definitely rivals my old standby, Hawaiian Poke in Chinatown, but earns bonus points for being closer to home.
I got their late afternoon, to pick up a little something for dinner...
They were so friendly and nice, they offered to make me anything they were out of fresh on the spot!
Two thumbs up!

Fresh and yummy!
I wish they were here in San Diego!!
I am in Las Vegas at least once a month for work.
I stopped in before I hit the road to head back home.
I bought 2 lb's of the Ahi Shoyu Poke, 1/2 lb of the Tako Shoyu Poke and 2 bags of poi.
(to share with my Hawaiian neighbors).
I highly recommend you stop in and get some when you need your fresh fish fix.
Can't wait until I get back in December.

Delicious and cheap!
They're super understanding and nice..
I'm new to poke, but they explained each category and gave free samples, even though it was close to closing time.
I'm not even Hawaiian, I just have a raw fish addiction.

I can't say I understand the hype.
I had the basic limu poke (the best way to judge a poke place, imo!
), and I wasn't all that impressed.
The fish was relatively fresh, but the poke itself wasn't great.
I've had fabulous poke in Hawaii and I've had fabulous poke here in Vegas at Hawaiian Style.
I wish this place was half as good as Hawaiian style because it's right by my house, but I'll make the drive to Hawaiian style next time!
The fish is fresher and the flavors are so much brighter.
Try the garlic poke at Hawaiian style with the beautiful tiny diced red onions and I dare you to compare!

Good poke.
Great owners.
The type of super-friendly people whom you want to support and see succeed.
They said they are there on Mondays and Tuesdays.
The rest of the time, they are at their Craig Rd location.
Since I wasn't sure what to order, they offered me samples of whatever I wanted.
I tried a few before deciding.
I ordered half a pound of Salmon, half a pound of Limu, a quarter pound of Ocean Salad (seaweed salad), and a side of rice.
I fully enjoyed the Salmon Poke due to the sauce that they add.
I thought I liked the Limu when I tried it, but compared to the Salmon, it just didn't have as much flavor.
The Ocean Salad was good as expected.
I haven't tried Hawaiian Style Poke, so I can't compare, but I'll definitely return here for more poke goodness.
It's closer to work and gives me a nice destination for a relatively light but delicious lunch.

We stumbled onto Poke Express on our way to Island Sushi.
And since Island Sushi only had bar seating left, something the mister doesn't like, we luckily ended up at Poke Express, and things in the world are much better for it.
Poke Express is not the kind of place to take a girl/boy you're trying to wine and dine, it's not the kind of place you go to have a chatty dinner with a girlfriend you haven't seen for a while.
It's a minimally-decorated, brightly-lit, take-out counter, no tablecloths and paper napkins kind of place.
But if you are looking for some little-fuss and much-quality Hawaiian poke with a lot of authenticity and warmth, then this is the place.
We had the Hawaiian Ahi Poke and Deluxe Fried Noodles and were satisfied with both.
Hawaiian Poke was very flavorful and had large pieces of very fresh fish: only $7.95 for half a pound.
Deluxe Fried Noodles was stir-fried saimin (Hawaiian egg noodle that tastes a tad like ramen) with spam, BBQ pork, and fish cake.
There could have been a little more meat and less noodle but it was still delicious.
I recommend putting a little Sriracha hot sauce on both, it adds a little bit of heat and a lot of favor.
I was already a fan, when I spotted their sweet treats on our way out.
I tried the banana bread, wow, what a familiar memory of terrific sweetness.
It is like the Vietnamese banana bread, but lighter in texture and sweeter in taste.
It is definitely my new favorite breakfast snack.

I love poke, with that being said, one would not think to come to Las Vegas for good poke, but a las, where else can you find poke served deli style!
Everyone there is very friendly and welcoming, and patient when we were trying to decide which types to try.
We ended up getting the limu poke and the spicy poke, both super good, although we couldn't handle the heavy mayo in the spicy poke after awhile.
But we figured that and only got a little.
Man, I swear, if I lived out in Vegas, I'd be poking it up at least once a week hehe.

Love this place!
I have to say that I find myself driving out of my way for it.
I am a huge fan of the spicy, the limu, and the furikake.
They are incredibly kind and offer free samples too!
What I really hate about this place is that it closes so early!
BUT.. for some of you who cannot make it by closing... you can call ahead... and they will have it waiting for you on the restaurant side.

Thanks to poke express I don't have to go all the way downtown to get really great poke now!
Authenic!
Good grade fish, just like home.only wish they had idako more often ...that is all.

Perfect place if you're craving some poke or aloha-ness!
I've been wanting to try poke express for a very long time and finally had a chance to visit the place!
It's located inside island sushi, which is divided into two different sections: restaurant with a sushi bar, and more informal area which reminds you of L&L with a little corner bakery, Hawaiian menu, and poke express.
They had about 15 different kinds of poke displayed and I was so overwhelmed because I've never seen so many different types of poke before.
The employee saw my confused expression on my face and decided to help me out lol.
He let me try every poke and let me pick which ones I liked.
My personal favorites were spicy combination poke which had tuna and crab (and I believe a hint of masago?
) in a spicy sauce.
Mmm the sauce reminded me of yum yum sauce a lil cuz it had the same consistency and color.
I also picked salmon poke in a special sauce since I LOVE salmon!
It was very good.
The sauce was soy sauce based and I tasted a hint of sesame oil and it also had green onions and white onions.
Soooo good.
I would definitely come back here for my poke fix!

If you know me.
you know I love Poke!
A LOT!!
Whenever I see Poke on a menu.
.even if I haven't tried it.
I usually get it.
But this place.
.is HEAVEN for me!!
Poke is located inside of Island Sushi which I have yet to try and probably will because I vow to go to Poke Express every time I visit Las Vegas.
The gentleman that served us was really patient and allowed us to try a couple of different flavors of Poke and sure enough they were all delicious!
I ended up getting the Limu Poke and the Spicy Poke!
I can't wait to come back again!
I wish we had one here in the bay area!
hmm...possible business in the works?!?
If only I knew how to make Poke!
But, someone please open a Poke Express in the bay area!
I'd love you forever and ever!

Poke Poke Poke!
What about Gumby, huh?
Seriously it's a cool place with friendly people.
A great variety of Poke that even Hawaii can't match, but in the long run the Poke in Hawaii is a bit better, but that is because of it's geographical advantage.
I must have some Hawaiian roots because these Poke items really twangs my buds!
The Saimin and grill side is OK too.
We did try some Saimin and Udon and for the money it's a great deal.
The noodles are decent, but will have to admit the broth is kind of watery and bland (at least the day we had it).
No worries we did put some additional soy sauce and a few drops of sirachi and it sparked things right up.
The deserts are good too.
Weeknights they close at 6pm so you gotta rush in dare Brudha!
Aloha, Mahola and Aloha!

It's confirmed.
Poke Express is the real deal and worthy of an upgrade to five stars.
After finally trying Hawaiian Style Poke a couple of weeks ago and then going back to Poke Express today, I can definitively say that I prefer Poke Express.
Their fish tastes fresher, they have a wider variety, and their flavors are just richer.
But what truly makes me a fan of Poke Express is the couple behind the counter.
They are just some of the nicest owners you could ever meet.
No matter what, they are always ready and willing to give you as many samples as you need.
This helped me out because they have several spicy varieties.
After trying them all, I went with the Wasabi.
Boy does that have some kick to it!
It was eye-watering and it was damn good.

We came here twice in one day because we loved the spicy mixed poke and needed more pupus for the party.
hehe.
There were mixed reviews among my group about the other poke.
They liked some of the poke from here and some of the poke from Hawaiian Style.
Both had some good ones and some not so good ones.
But for this place, the spicy mixed poke was the winner.
I'm sure we'll all be back here when we are craving it.
I wish we had places like this in the South Bay.

My bf brought home 4 choices of poke for lunch.
We had the the spicy combo poke, wasabi ahi, salmon poke, & spicy salmon.
Both spicy have a mayonnaise dressing over them, kinda like the dressing you taste over rolls from sushi joints.
The spicy combo is ahi with crab.
Salmon poke taste like reg salmon sashimi.
And last bust not least wasabi ahi was just the right amount of spice and juicy.
All of them were juicy and nicely sliced chunks of fish.
He was telling me that at Poke Express you're able to try before you order and there's a a bunchhh more too choose from like a ton of ice cream flavors but a ton of fish flavors!
They price by pound.
So we got half a pound of each of the 4 totaling to about 40$.
It's fresh fish so 40$ not that bad.
We couldn't even finish all of it!
Amongst the two of us, half a pound each in all good for us.
Can't wait to try what other pokes they have!

Stopped here on the way to the strip after a long drive in from LA.
Being a local boy living in Stockton for the past 8 years, any fresh poke, let alone fresh fish/seafood definitely gets my attention.
It was located inside of Island Sushi (which I didn't get to try unfortunately).
Upon walking in, there is a bakery case which they offer local favorites such as coco puffs, various local (Hawaii) cakes and pies (whole or by the slice) which is always perfect if you wanna try all of um!
haha.
They also offer malasads, which I wanted my girlfriend to try since she hadn't had the pleasure to have the last time she was in Hawaii.
After ordering the malasads, we headed to the back counter where their friendly staff were very attentive and ready to take our order.
Their spread was pretty impressive for poke shop no where near the ocean.
Fresh ahi poke (limu, shoyu, maui onion), taegu, raw hawaiian blue crab poke, assorted tako poke, pipikaula, ocean salad, and much more.
We ordered just a 1/4 pound each of the ahi limu and pipikaula for just some pupus (snacks) as we were headed to the strip for lunch.
Upon paying, we noticed they had chantilly cake which we decided to grab as well.
In tasting them, the malasads were wonderful!
Nice and hot and delicious.
While not as good as Leonard's back home, they were very close to them, a little too much of the oil taste, but come on its malasads!
The ahi limu poke was great too.
Their seasoning was spot on, and the limu was nice and crunchy.
The pipikaula as good too.
Different than how I usually have had it, where it was more moist (wet) style.
I do prefer it more on the dry side, but it was great nonetheless!
The chantilly cake was pretty bomb.
Nice fluffy cake with not too much overbearing sweetness from the frosting (which really destroys some good cakes).
While it was quite of a juxtaposition with the poke and malasads, the bugga was good and definitely made me miss home even more.
Great local spot to fill up on your local foods.
Will be back again for sure.

Just looking at the photos made my mouth water.
Better than KTA on the islands.
:)  Nice, friendly service.

If your from Hawaii and craving some poke.... Go here.
Always fresh, and bomb!!

My favorite place to eat at while in Vegas!
I love poke, and eating here, if you can get off the strip, beats anything you can find on the strip, especially the price.
Everything is fresh (as it can be with it in the desert and all), and everyone has always been very helpful.
You can always try samples of everything and the portions are great for different occasions ( picnic for one, multiple styles for a big appetite or more than one).
My first love here is the kim chee tako.
I can make it a lunch by getting a pint and a water, or get a seperate quarter to half pint of seaweed salad as a compliment.
My next favorite is the salmon, and I ask for them to add onions and shoyu sauce for extra flavor.
This doesn't take away from tasting the flavor of the fish, with the onions giving a different texture.
Overall, a must visit for the poke lover.
Can't be beat!!

It is a touch confusing how this whole establishment works.
Within this small area you have three businesses running simultaneously alongside each other.
The front part is a grill where you can get Saimin and oxtail soup.
In the back, poke is king.
To the right you can enjoy sushi and it is AYCE, if you please.
I had only tried the Poke Express and it was well worth it.
On Monday and Tuesday, poke is 10.49 for one pound and 9.99 for two pounds or more.
The poke they have upfront are heavy on the kimchee style.
Got a pound of the mussel kimchee poke.
It was choke full of salty mussel goodness with little filler consisting of onions and cucumber.
Also got a pound of the spicy ahi poke.
The nice pieces of tuna was tossed in a mayo based sauce.
Not my favorite, but it was good.
The masago gave it a little pop with each bite.
The ahi pokes are not set out in the case, instead they are tossed in your choice of sauce when you order.

Best poke in Vegas!!!
Me and the wife was so happy that they have this location.
I used to drive to the north location and we lived at the very south of  Vegas.
Favorite thing to get is the spicy ahi poke.
We usually get 2lbs spicy ahi poke, 1lbs shoyu poke, 1lbs wasabi.
The fish is always fresh and tasty.
They have a special on Monday and Tuesday, if you buy 2lbs or more its $9.99/lb.
Regular price per pound is $10.49.

I would say this is average poke.
I wouldn't say this is the best by any means.
Nothing really stood out to me.
Probably one of the best poke I've had in Vegas in a really long time, but call me crazy, but I thought it was a bit overpriced.
I don't want to turn people off from here because the fish is really fresh and tasty.
Butttt, I probably wouldn't choose to go back on my own.

This Review is for Poke Express & Island Grill.
They also have a "All you can eat sushi" restaurant next door (all connecting).
My wife and I are from the Bay Area and this place beats out any Hawaiian restaurants near us.
We basically were looking to just get poke, but also ordered lunch plate and saimin.
We got the Garlic Chicken and Mochiko Chicken lunch plate and the Tempura Saimin.
We also tried the Spicy Ahi Poke.
Everything was GONE and was soooo delicious.
Definalely coming back next time we're in Las Vegas.

Such a must go to when you're in Vegas.
This location is on the main street, and if you blink you might miss it, but it's next to Island Sushi and Grill (shares sites).
BOTH so ono!
But this review is jus' for the poke and the Garlic Chicken.
Okay, so if you've ever been to Zippys, you know about their Korean Chicken.
Poke Express makes the closest thing on the mainland to Zippy's-- their Garlic chicken is so moist and flavorful-- on the shredded cabbage and shoyu sauce and all.
Don't miss out on that.
Poke prices are also reasonable-- they have all kine poke-- tako, mussel, kamaboko, ahi, salmon and also seaweed salad.
We always take a cooler and bring home for leftovers.
They opened a second location in Downtown, with entertainment, but this one is the original!

i grew up in HAWAII and a trip to POKE EXPRESS was a very special treat.
we stopped by and loaded up on lots of tasty nibbles -- SHOYU AHI POKE, SPICY AHI POKE, MUSSEL POKE (KIMCHEE style), SALMON POKE with special sauce and TAKO POKE (KIMCHEE style).
still one of my all time favorites, PIPIKAULA, a teriyaki flavored HAWAIIAN-style beef flank steak jerky.
hauled everything back to the "resort casino" where we're staying and filled the mini-fridge.
happy, happy, happy.
life is very, very good indeed !!

Best Poke I've found in Vegas, friendly service, and plenty of choices.
Shoyu Ahi Poke, Furikake Ahi Poke, Kimchee Crab are our favorites.
Made to order and to your preferences, too.
Around 12 bucks/pound for the Ahi Poke, and totally worth it.
As other's have said, it's made from frozen tuna, but it's still fantastic.
Only bummer are the business hours: Sunday - Thursday   10 AM - 6 PM Friday and Saturday 10 AM - 8 PM   Go get some !!!

Best Spicy Ahi Poke in town!!!
Friendly service and great poke...Life is great!

Poke Express shares the same space as Island Sushi & Grill.
If you are sitting on the Island Sushi side and order hot food, it will come from the Poke Express kitchen.
Only cold food comes from the Island Sushi side.
I sat on the Poke Express side and ordered a poke bowl.
It was huge and so glad I shared with my sister.
The salmon poke was very fresh and tasty!
I recommend their bowls.
We also ordered the spam musubi.
My only complaint, there was too much rice!
Otherwise, it was good.
I was totally carbed out after the meal.
If you decide not to dine in, you can order to go.
You can also order different types of poke which are weighed and priced per pound.
See my uploaded pics to the business.
This place is convenient for me to visit when staying at South Point or when visiting the 24 Hour Fitness nearby.

Poke Express (here and the North location) is one of my favorite spots for some seafood.
This is in a odd attachment to Island plate counter and Island Sushi.
I normally want rice with my poke so this being with a plate counter is a plus.
I can get a side of rice here and sit down whereas the other location I normally walk over to closeby Hawaiian place for rice and to sit or take it home.
My favorite is the kimchee poke.
It's not really spicy, but more like the flavor of kimchee.
For something more classic, I favor the limu poke.
Not sure what to get?
Feel free to ask questions and ask for samples.
Nom!

This place is a little hard to find.
On the outside the big sign says Island Sushi and Grill.
There was only a little paper sign that said Poke Express.
Other than it being hard to find I love this place!
I came to Vegas to gamble of course but I wanted to go eat where the locals go so again THANK YOU YELP!
I have only had really good poke in Hawai'i and I must say, this place is legit.
They have various types of marinated fresh fish that you can buy to take home in this little market area in the back or you can just order a bowl of poke which I did.
It was pretty outstanding, not as good as Sam's Kitchen in Waikiki but it was really good coming from the mainland.
Do not get the Spam Masubi though.
Way too much rice, way too little spam.
Stick with the fish.
You will not be disappointed.

This is definitely a hidden gem not only in Henderson but within the actual building itself since all you can see on the outside is the signage for "Island Sushi" and there is a door to the right and a door to the left which has a screen on it which gives the appearance that they are perpetually closed.
Choose door on the left and from here, you will first see a counter up front with desserts and a menu above you.
To access Poke Express, you must go further down the hall where there is a counter with various poke priced around 10 dollars/lb and one has the option for sampling their bounty of poke in a variety of flavors.
Whoever came up with the term "food porn" probably envisioned poke as its monthly centerfold.
I mean seriously, it's pretty much glistening flesh that is scantily "dressed" with options including but not limited to wasabi, spicy mayo, limu (hawaiian seaweed), and shoyu (soy sauce)...quite a thing of beauty I must say.
Since I biked as a marshall for the Rock and Roll Marathon, I was feeling particularly hungry and needed a carbo-boost post-ride, so I went with one of their Poke bowls, which has a substantial bed of sushi rice underneath the poke, but unless you're one of those folks from an Asian background where your parents threatened that if you didn't clean your rice bowl since the residual pieces of rice would pretty much resemble the pock-marked face of your future spouse, feel free to leave some of that rice behind.
Options for Poke rice bowl include the regular, with avocado (add 1 dollar), and DO NOT confuse the spicy ahi tuna bowl as poke....it is pretty much mushed up tuna mixed with spicy mayo that would likely get a 5 star yelp review if yelp existed for cats rating their food.
I went with the regular Poke bowl and requested they add some chili sauce (the one with the green cap and rooster on the bottle, much more intense than Sriacha), since I was concerned the spicy mayo would overpower the natural flavors of the poke.
The bowl is served along with fresh sliced cucumbers, some marinated onions, and a few fried taro chips.
The poke had a very pleasing texture (chewy but not gummy), not overly seasoned, and tasted very fresh (may not be as good right off the island since the tuna was obviously frozen en route to Vegas).
My advice would be to stop poking your friends on facebook with flying sheep or watching that episode of Pokemon which induced epileptic seizures in young Japanese kids, go poke the person sitting beside you and come down here for some high quality poke.
One final note: for Spam Musubi fans, theirs is loaded with way too much rice much like their Poke bowls.

No spots like this in LA.
Just thinking about this place Makes me want to drive to Vegas just to order some poke!!!
Definitely worth it to drop by and pick some up for the drive home, and their breakfast choices are pretty good too (Portuguese sausage and eggs mmmmm)!!!

I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
Can't say enough good  things about this place.
Coming from the east coast, I had not had an opportunity to have a dish like this since I went to the islands over a decade ago.
You walk up and the couple behind the counter make you feel so welcome.
You can sample anything before you buy it, on Mondays the price drops per pound, and they comply very easily with special requests (more spicy, less spicy,more sauce, less sauce).
Their prices can be a shock at first but going to your local supermarket, you'll find the same prices per pound without the special care they take to make the yummy poke.
Overall, I say RUN don't walk to Poke Express.
And hurry cuz they close at 6pm on the weekdays and 8pm on weekends or whenever they run out of fish whichever comes first.

Yay!!!
Yummy POKE done right!
I'm so happy I found you!

I just have to write this review after lunch, in my class!
I love finding these hole in the wall places with really good food amid all the chain restaurants.
I tried 3 kinds of poke: spicy ahi poke, spicy avocado poke & furikake poke.
All were really good...
The tuna is very flavorful and does not have that fishy taste and gummy texture.
Flavors are well balanced and service is good.
The guy behind the poke counter made me try almost everything.
I also tried their garlic chicken which was also very good and served in a bento box with rice and noodles.
very good price and you have to come early during the day because once the poke is gone, that's it!
will definitely come back here when I visit Vegas again.

"I want to try poke (as in to jab or prod, pronounced p, long o, k)" my Chi town poker bud tells on the way to the cashier holding racks of checks that once belonged to me.
"Huh?
" I reply  "Yeah, you know, poke, the raw fish stuff you guys from Hawaii eat" he attempts to clarify.
"I don't get it.
The hell you saying?
" I say looking like a confused dog with my head tilted to one side.
"Poke made with fish, you know poke, poke, poke" being totally serious as he jabs his finger into my side.
Yes, were talking ahi limu poke, wasabi shoyu poke, etc.
Is it as good as back home?
No.
But it is prepared in a way that makes it more approachable to mainland taste.
Cultural sharing through food is a good thing.
The various selections of ahi poke are made from previously frozen fish.
The sauces are deeply flavored but since the fish is not fresh when marinated, the flavor does not permeate it, just coats the outside.
Limu (fresh, raw seaweed) is used very sparingly and lacks the texture and ocean flavor you would expect.
Several types of poke such as the raw salmon (with onion, green onion, soy, sesame oil and sesame seeds) and  ahi kim chee poke (exactly as it's name implies) are not traditional but taste surprisingly good.
Prices are high compared to Hawaii (about $12.50 per pound for frozen fish) but expected.
It's a poke shop in the desert after all.
Recommended for those wanting a taste of Hawaii or the Hawaii expat jonesing for a fix of home.
As for my bud, I never corrected his mispronunciation.
Payback for poking me in the side and bluffing me out of a huge pot.

Although this place isn't close to where we live, we went all the way over there to try their poke after reading the good reviews about this place.
My wife ordered their ahi poke bowl and I had the oxtail soup.
The oxtail soup was very tasty and you get quite a big bowl for $9.00.
You also get two scoops of rice with it.
The ahi poke bowl was just okay.
You get quite a big portion of tuna on top of a big bowl of rice, but the ahi wasn't tasty enough and it didn't taste all that fresh.
A big disappointment for my wife.
The place was quite busy though.
If we lived closer, we might go back to try something else.
But not worth the half hour trip there.

Super convenient spot for lunch in the area for me because of the counter service.
My order is the ahi poke bowl, it's ready pretty quick and usually there is a table to sit at and enjoy.
I have also ordered from the deli to try a couple different kinds, the spicy poke is my favorite.
If it was as fresh as I wish it was every time, then it would be 5 stars, but the stuff is so good, and they make it look so pretty, that I can't complain.
Their oxtail soup looks pretty ono, so I will give it a try soon...a nice option on this side town of town.

I have been here a couple times.
I originally found it by looking at the reviews for Island Sushi.
They don't have a big sign for the express side.
It's just a turtle on the door.
the first time I went here I went a little late no knowing that they closed this side a little early.
I went to the "poke deli counter," at least that's what I have dubbed it.
The older guy working the station was very helpful.
There is so much to choose from and he made a great recommendation.
Let's fast forward to my most recent visit.
I showed up at noon and just ordered from the front counter.
There was a short line.
The place wasn't packed but there were a few people sitting down.
I wanted Poke so I ordered the Ahi Poke bowl.
Which I guessed was tuna and rice.
It was kind of on the expensive side.
I paid $9.50 as this was the market price at the time.
When I got the bowl it was pretty heavy.
And it was a good thing because I was hungry!
Now if you ever come here you have to order at least one malasada.
I had no idea what this incredible Hawaiian pastry was until last summer.
One of my coworkers brought some from this place.
I like the custard filled ones.
So if you are ever in the mood for some raw tuna and in a rush, Poke express is your place!
Cheers!

YUM!
If you like sushi, then I recommend this place!
Def not for those who are afraid to eat raw fish.
If you're not sure of what things are, they will gladly describe and give you a little sample to help you decide.

This location is so stealthy, but equally delicious!
It's amazing to have fish like this in the middle of the desert.
Don't forget the ocean salad to go with your ahi poke!

5 stars.
Nuff said  ....ok, I guess this wasn't a good enough review so let me elaborate.
I'm from out of town and no matter where I am in Vegas I will come here during my visit and before I leave to grab some Poke.
My favorite is the Spicy Ahi Poke but as I said before everything else is equally as good too.
If you're local or from out of town, stop by and check it out...that is, if you're not afraid of raw seafood =)

I got to the store pretty late in the day and was disappointed to see that the only poke left was the furikake ahi.
But when the man at the counter gave me a sample of the poke, I was no longer disappointed.
The 1 inch cubes of very fresh tuna that were not overly salty.
The flavor of the fish was not being overpowered by the marinade and was allowed to shine.
I wish I could have tried everything they had to offer if what was left over at the end of the day was any indication of how good their food is.

The wasabi poki is amazing

Wow, thanks yelp!
Who knew you could find awesome quality poke in LV?
We stopped by here on our way out of town, followed the directions of other fellow yelpers to the back of the plate lunch restaurant.
The owner was very nice and generous with the samples.
We ended up getting the Shoyu, Furikake, Spicy, and Spicy Combo.
Everything was delicious, but I'd say my favorite is the Furikake, with just the perfect amount of sweet.
Just note though that I thought about docking one star because the prices were a lot more than I saw on other reviews.
We paid $15 a pound for each, a big difference from the 10 and 11 I saw before coming.
There's a sign up that says that the prices will fluctuate based on the market price.
It does add up, but I didn't really mind since our tummies and taste buds were so satisfied.
Make sure to bring a cooler and ice in the car and you can enjoy a delicious dinner after your long drive back to LA.

Wow wow wow.
I love this place.
Where else in Vegas can you get fish this fresh and just be able to walk out the door with it and enjoy it in the comfort of your own home?
I'm going to say... hardly anywhere.
I came to Poke Express with the intention to pick up some poke.
But as I entered I saw that it is also connected to Island Sushi.
What a wonderous place this little hole in the wall is.
It is bursting with amazingness!
You can get Hawaiian plates, sushi, and poke and be able to sit down and eat them right there.
OR you can do what I did, which is to go straight to the poke counter and order up delicious poke to go in little containers!
The poke here is priced based off of market prices, so sometimes you may come and find your poke has fluctuated in price, but considering the quality of the fish and the great way the poke is prepared, I would be more than willing to spend a few extra bucks if market prices are high.
There are many varieties.
On my visit I ordered the Spicy Ahi with Avocado and the Salmon Poke (with special sauce).
I have since tried both and they are both so good.
The salmon may even be better to me than the spicy ahi AND it was a cheaper price.
I can't even imagine eating fish any other way now.
I don't want baked cod, I don't want smoked salmon, I don't want sushi covered in rice, I just want POKE!

Great place for loco moco for such a great price.
All you need is the mini portion; trust me on that.
Bang for your bucks!

Hawaii in Las Vegas???
The food here BROK' DA MOUT.
This is my new favorite spot in Las Vegas.
If you're staying at the big casinos, then you'll need a car to get here.
I came here for lunch and ordered the ahi/avocado bowl.
The last time I had one of these gems was on the Big Island and it was just as good, if not better.
Knowing that we weren't going to have dinner until 10pm, my companion and I also ordered Bento boxes to go.
I'm glad we did.
I ordered the beef teriyaki with mochiko chicken.
I haven't had mochiko chicken since a real Hawaiian made it for me years ago.
My partner had the mahi mahi and teriyaki chicken and thought the latter was prepared well, but the mahi mahi was on the dry side.
Surprisingly, the mahi mahi was NOT overcooked.
Am I comin' back?
You betcha.
I'm pickin' up some food for my road trip back to "Cali" which is how people in Las Vegas (and probably elsewhere) refer to my home state.
Lastly, I want to add that the man who served our food when it was ready was professional and courteous.

POKE IS AWESOME HERE!!
What are you waiting for??
Go now!

Wow!
Thanks (again) to all my Yelp "friends"....
This place is fantastic!
Considering how much I miss Hawaii & poke this really hits the spot!
Really, really good poke.
We got the spicy combo, shoyu and ocean salad.
It was so good we went back to get more to have for dinner later.
Along with some huli huli chicken....  a special for today - lucky for us we showed up when they have this delicious dish available because from what the owner said it's not often.
Also, I'm usually not a big fan of most versions of macaroni salad but be sure to try the mac salad here.
It's some of the best I've ever had    Great friendly service and we got a couple of malasadas to go.
I'm in heaven!

Of all the poke places in town, I think this is the best.
The flavors are on point.
Everything is well seasoned and delicious.
The only negative is the price of poke went through the roof!!!
It used to be way cheaper.
Kind of mad prices nearly doubled.

I have been here four times now.
Each time, a different order.
Kimchee Crab - It tasted great.
However, getting the meat is just a headache.
I would not get this, unless you really plan to spend more time picking at your food and working for it.
Ahi Poke w/ Limu - This was not that great.
I really think the after taste is disturbing and prefer anything else.
Even raw with no soy sauce.
Ahi Poke w/ Wasabi - This is great!
I love that I do not need anything on the side to just eat this with a nice bowl of rice.
I prefer having brown rice though.
Salmon w/ Wasabi - A MUST TRY!
This is something you may ask them to make.
They are glad to make it, and you will be glad you tried it!

Thank you Yelp!!!!
This place is awesome.
I can't wait to return to enjoy another bowl of delicious Ahi Poke.
The portion size was great and my Ahi Poke rice bowl was the perfect lunch.
My husband ordered the kalbi, which I thought was soo soo tasty.
I wish the cuts of meat were a bit leaner, but we were eating beef short ribs, so what do I expect.
The kalbi was accompanied by a mac salad, that I thought was better than the stuff I've eaten in HI.
Not that I'm any sort of expert on mac salad, but it was damn good.
Poke Express is connected to Island Sushi, but way way better than its neighbor.
I will definitely be back!

The family and I came here to satisfy our craving for poke.
Don't be discouraged by the empty trays, they will mix the poke fresh to order.
We ended up getting the ahi limu, shoyu and salmon poke.
All the fish was super fresh and so ono.
Guys behind the counter are very helpful and welcoming.
We also ended up ordering from their front counter the typical plate lunches...katsu chicken, teri chicken and bbq beef.
Didn't try any of the plate lunches but the hubby and the kids came away full and satisfied.
I ordered the oxtail soup instead.
The meat was falling off the bone.
It was yummy in it's fatty, brothy glory.
It came with two scoops of rice plus add'l garnishes (green onions & grated ginger).
They close earlier than Island Sushi and they have a few tables if you want to eat in.
I believe you can also bring your food and eat on the Island Sushi side, but you have to order $40 of rolls from Island Sushi.
Can't wait to return to Poke Express on our next trip to Vegas!

Hi, my name is Raul and I am addicted to Poke.
I have a problem..and I cant stop eating it..Im like a zombie when I walk in and I must eat it all.
The food is simply awesome.
So awesome that on the first bite, a mental soundtrack starts popping, and it changes every time I eat a different one.You got so many types of poke that it ll take you several trips to try each one .
The owners are as sweet as they can be.
Honest, hard working people , that serve you with a smile every time.
The spicy combo, tuna with avocado, Ahi Poke Limu are out of this world.
I honestly eat it like its my last meal if I was on death row(might want to write this down)..Fresh, inexpensive and quick.
Only reason Im giving it 4 stars is because of the times of operation.
6pm closing time?
really?
..Do you know how many tickets I've got for speeding from work to their spot.
If it was until like maybe 8, it would def work better for me.

I'm a big ahi tuna poke fan, so I was very excited to check this place out!
I tried the regular Ahi Tuna Poke and the Spicy Ahi Poke.
I loved the regular Ahi Tuna Poke!
The Spicy Ahi Poke was good, but not quite as good as the regular Ahi.
The fish was so fresh and delicious.
I find myself craving it!
This is a place I will definitely be visiting again so I can try another of their many poke options.

So I was feeling blue one day and if you knew me (which most of you don't on a deep personal level...so take notes!
), then you'd know that on my darkest, gloomiest days, the only thing that could lift my spirits is SALMON SASHIMI!
And I definitely needed a good cheer-er upper.
I decided to try Poke Express with the help of a friend referral (thanks Helen W!).
First off, it is **LOCATED INSIDE ISLAND SUSHI** which is perfect because another friend of mine mentioned that Island Sushi was her favorite hole-in-the-wall sushi joint, and I've been wanting to check it out.
So I went straight to the Poke bar and was seriously spell-bounded by this amazing concoction of chopped up sashimi.
We don't have many Hawaiians in TX so this was pretty magical in my opinion.
So many variations I had no clue what to do!
Well I'm assuming I met the owner since he was referred to as 'Papa'.
Let me just say, I might just repeatedly come back just to visit Papa.
He was the sweetest man ever!
He let me sample pretty much everything and got me full before I could even get to my order!
If you're new to Poke like I am, it's basically chopped up cube-sized sashimi marinated in different variation of sauces.
I saw a lot of variations of tuna, but also squid and shrimp choices.
You order it by 1/2 lb, 1lb , and so on.
Of course I went for the salmon.
I asked him to do whatever he wanted to it since I wasn't sure which sauce I would really prefer.
Well easy enough the salmon already has it's own special sauce.
I wanna say it's the Shoyu but not sure.
He mixed it with green and yellow onions and sprinkled it with sesame seeds.
LOVED IT.
And the most important factor..
IT WAS EXTREMELY FRESH.
1/2 lb cost me about $7.55 & it was definitely a good portion for just one person.
LADIES AND GENTLEMAN I FOUND MY FAVORITE SUSHI PLACE IN VEGAS!
*crowd roaring*

Well, what to say...
Almost all the reviewers have hit the nail on the head.
If you love poke, think you might want to try poke, don't event know what poke is - go to Poke Express and fall in love with some of the best poke on the planet.
And great prices to boot.
If its your first time, its a little confusing to figure out - since its really 3 restaurants under one roof.
Only problem is their hours - they close too early

This smaller outlet of Poke Express is disappointing.
Would rather make the trek up north for much better poke.
Service is good, but the issues here are the brown discolored fish I've seen more than once in the glass display case.
Often times they cut with the grain or there is too much sinew in the poke.
Just doesn't taste the same or have the nice texture that you would see at the location on Craig Road.

A lonely Saturday night.
Brothers were not interested in eating because of  a heavy lunch.
I went on Yelp, and typed "Dinner" and found POKE EXPRESS!!
What a pleasant surprise!!!
I tried to find their menu online, but I called to confirm they don't have one.
Oh well, so I drive down and ready to get some quick dinner to go.
I arrived around 7pm.
While there weren't many options left, they still had less than a pound of salmon left.
The guy who was helping me was asking me what to add in it, and I advised him I have never been here before.
He was very happy to help and offered samples of what they do have left.
I ended up getting the salmon (all of that's left), a quarter pound of the raw octopus, and half a pound of something like clams (I don't remember what it's called - but it's DELICIOUS!
)  All for less than $20!
The guy also tell me that if I arrive earlier around 11am / 12pm, I would have more options to choose from.
I am definitely coming back here!

For my Hawaii people:  Brah, da buggah stay FRESH and `ono!
Translation: Very fresh, very delicious poke!
That's probably all you need to know... Gogogogogogo~

Poke is not fresh, it was previously frozen.
it's still good.
This place is close to my house so I usually come by every week.
The workers are friendly and helpful.
I have yet to try the sushi side.

I make room in my schedule to come here every time I go to Vegas.
The fish and service are top notch.
They encourage you to sample everything, answer any questions, and never hurry you even when there's a line.
At my first visit, I told them that I found the store through yelp after suffering a major poke craving (since Vegas has a big Hawaiian population, I thought there had to be poke somewhere right!?!!
) and made my friends change our drive home plans so we could go there when they opened.
The lady behind the counter added bags of ice for the long drive home and told us to call ahead next time, that staff come in early to prep for the day and make fresh poke and would gladly open the store for us.
Thoughts of poke brought me in to this place but their service keeps me coming back.
P.S.
Get some malasadas on your way out.
They make them hot and fresh.

Spicy ahi combo.. i LOOOOVE.
if you really like spicy ahi, you must try this!!!!
i really also like their limu poke, perfect seasoning!

love this place...prices are steep but worth it!

I love POKkkkEeeee!!!!
Every since I left Hawaii I thought I'll never get to eat good POKE...But nOw i found it!
I'm from LA but I will make my visit to get some POKE.
I didn't know POKE can be so addicting!
They have different kind of POKe...Must try!
I heard the other location have more choices.
I'm gonna try that place next time.

Ahi avocado bowl...holy hell, this thing is awesome.
Insane amounts of ahi, avocado, cucumber, and rice all for $10.
I have been eating here once a week for the last year, they don't even ask what I am ordering any more.
I am usually the only howlie in this place but I think they have finally accepted me.
PS - Don't go here for lunch because that is when I go, I need to keep the lines short.

Best poke I absolutely love love love this place spicy salmon is my fav fav fav

Had my first taste of poke at a fine dining establishment, and needed a poor woman's version....Yelp helped me find Poke Express...and OMG...It's like i died and gone to Hawaii....only I've never been there.
But if i had, i can only imagine that the poke here is as good as the poke in Hawaii.
The tuna - it's like butter.
Add some rice and avocado and lock me away forever.
It could easily be my last meal on earth.

I thought I had written a review for this place a long time ago already, oops!
Before my Vegas trip to visit Joanna W, I used Yelp to plan all the places that I need to go eat!
:D Poke Express was... hrm, good.
But overall, I felt like it was just missing something I can't quite pinpoint to give the place 5 stars.
Some of the food was a little too salty for my tastes as well.
Execution and service was awesome, however.
I liked the simplicity and the man behind the counter was very patient with me since I wanted to sample so many items.

Wow.
Everything I tried was really good.
It was weird because this place is inside island sushi.
Other than that everything was really good.
My group and I sampled a lot of the items and the person helping us didn't seem to mind.
It was really simple with a person behind the counter and all of the pokes in the display.
The person helping us was very nice and patient with us.
I ended up getting the spicy ahi poke with masago and mayo.
I definitely recommend coming here or at least trying.

POKE!
My fiancee and I came here because we missed Hawaii and had to get our fix!
We use yelp, and you guys were right!
It was so good.
We had the spicy salmon poke, spicy ahi, furikake ahi and combination poke.
It ALL tasted great.
The service there was super friendly and when we saw the spam masubi, we couldn't pass it up.
If they have the spam musubi katsu I would recommend that.
You really can't lose with anything there.
It's ALL good.
If you are a first time visitor, look for "Island Sushi" at this location because they share the space there.
When you walk into Island Sushi, half of it is poke express and the other half is the Island Sushi restaurant.
(just a heads up).
Poke Express, if you are reading this, PLEASE OPEN UP A STORE IN CHICAGO!!!
You will do excellent business there.
Believe that!
We don't have a poke "source" there so you would have ALL of our business.
= )

On one of my recent trips here to LV...
I had to make the trip out to Poke Express to compare with my joint (Hawaiian Style Poke in Chinatown) to see which one is better....
This had great reviews as well so I was really excited!
Small tiny spot at the back of the store... could be hard to find but just ask the cashier in front and they will direct you right to it!
Overall, many flavors to choose from...
In the cold counter, you can pick your choices and even try some samples before you buy!
Got the spicy ahi and the flavor was good but it wasn't as tasty as Hawaiian style poke simply because it didn't have as much red onions and green onions in the mix... you'd be surprised that these little spices on the side truly makes a difference...  Service was good, but not as great as Hawaiian Style Poke....
Still expensive... but what do you expect for eating fresh sashimi?
When you are in the area, try them out!
But I think the winner between the battle of POKES in LV goes to Hawaiian Style Poke in Chinatown....  Don't fret Poke Express, you are not a bad choice by any means!
Sort of healthy and Yum!

This is the one place I must eat at whenever I'm in Vegas.
Once, I drove to Target to buy a cooler to take poke back home with me.
lol.
The old man behind the poke counter bagged it up and gave me a lot of ice for my drive home :)  My favorites are the spicy poke and the wasabi poke..
I wish there were poke places like this in LA..
I miss walking into a market in hawaii and just buying it off the deli counter.. for now, i either make it at home or try to get my fill whenever I'm in Vegas.
Oh, and order fried saimin to go.. you'll be happy after you come back to your hotel room drunk..  LOL

I crave you,furikake!
Sooooo ono!

Poke express is a definite stop for authentic Hawaiian food.
It is located inside the Island Sushi and Grill restaurant.
If you like Poke, this is the best in Las Vegas.
It is set up at it's own counter, and offers about a dozen different varieties, each one extremely fresh and tasty.
You can also request a free sample before you make a purchase.
I usually stick with salmon and tuna poke, however i have been tasting different varieties such as mussel poke kimchee style which was delicious and fresh.
There is also a grilled section which offers traditional Hawaiian favorites such as kahlua pig and cabbage, loco moco, and many others that are my husband's favorites.
They also have a bakery section.

Really like that place!!!
Cheap, Healthy, Tasty, great variety (best in Vegas by far) and super conveniently located for Anthem/Green Valley locals.
We REALLY need more good and Healthy Local spots like this in our neighborhood I am freakin tired of Wendy's and other chains...
Very Friendly service.
BUT Closing time is way too early around 6pm...
Perfect for an healthy lunch but not recommended for dinner, too bad, I would love some Poki on my way back from work  My favorite: furikaki poki, kim Chi cucumbers, Salmon Poki with special sauce, Ocean (seaweed salad), Dried fish slices (can't remember the name) The pieces of Tuna are cut a little bit too big for my taste but nothing that a sharp knife cant fix.
Also they mentioned that the Tuna is previously frozen unfortunately but it actually taste very very fresh.
Extremely surprising.
The prices are also surprisingly low for the quality of the food, you would pay 20 times more in any sushi/seafood restaurant by the Strip.
Definitely a great value for what you get.
There is a Hawaiian grill in the exact same location that stay open later (10pm I think) and I would highly recommend their stir fried saimin noodles and the oxtail soup with freshly grated ginger and cilantro.
Their coconut flan is pretty good too, one of my fav dessert of all time but in my opinion you cannot go wrong with coconut anyway ;)  Their assortment of cakes behind the window look Absolutely delish and beautiful, I have too look away every single time!
I didnt like their homemade kim chi that much taught... Its not bad but I had better.
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that is not scared of raw fish and that is looking for a healthy yet tasty meal.
Very close from the LVAC on eastern and 215 :)

Super good and super fresh poke.
I like getting a 1/2 lb of the spicy combo poke (mayo, avocado, and other delicious goodness), a 1/2 lb of the poke w/shoyu (regular poke w/soy sauce dressing), and a 1/2 lb of their seaweed salad and I'm all set!
The poke here is absolutely delicious and I will keep going back for each poke craving I get.
The staff are really friendly, they let you sample the stuff before you buy it, and the poke just really speaks for itself and delivers.

This place is so good!!

Yum!
Me and the hubs tried the poke with shoyu, the spicy poke and something else that I can't remember.
HOLY YUM.
Can't go wrong with any of the poke that they have....and I'm from Hawaii :)

The poke is always fresh and the service is always friendly and hospitable.
They let you sample as many items as you like.
Sizes rance from a 1/4 lb plastic container to 1lb plastic containers.
Right now open 9AM-9PM.

Wow...  i love sushi and when i found this place on yelp, i knew i had to try it out.
i came to vegas for business and took a drive out here.
it's really hard to find because it shares a storefront with another hawaiian joint.
poke express is really just a deli type counter.
the man was really nice.
i asked if i can try one first.
he said, why don't you try them all.
at first, i thought he was being sarcastic, but he then gave me a sample of every single fish he had.
my favorite was the spicy tuna with avocado and the tuna with shoyu.
i bought 1/2 pound of both.
no regrets at all.
the fish is so tender and fresh.
omg, i have never eaten a whole pound of tuna in one day.
i am so happy i came here.
honestly, for the portion, i would expect to pay over $50 in new york., but this place charges $15.95 a pound,  my two containers were $19.
before i left, he asked me if i wanted to try the other stuff he had.
i politely said no, because he's just a small business owner and i don't want to eat him out of his profits.
but he's obviously really proud of his business.
this is the stuff of happiness - poke and a bowl of hot steaming rice.

If you're looking for fresh poke this is the place to go.
They have a wide variety to choose from, and they also have yummy deserts!
I'm yet to try the sushi here.
Overall, it's a great place with chill vibes and a friendly atmosphere!

We ordered from the Island Sushi menu first.
I got a mini garlic chicken, my boyfriend got a bento box  (teriyaki chicken, teriyaki beef, rice, and noodles).
Because it was quite a busy Friday night, I walked over to Poke Express and order 1/4 lb of Furikake Ahi Poke to munch on while waiting for our food.
The Ahi Poke was tasty, but alright.
The same thing can be said about the main orders.
The garlic chicken was ok, however I didn't care for neither the teriyaki beef or chicken on my boyfriend's bento box order.. nothing about the food really blew us away.
The place is really small.
I'm surprised we were able to get a table.
Since they were pretty busy that night, there was a wait to get a table in the sushi section.
Overall I'm glad I tried the hype.. but wasn't impressed enough to become a repeat visitor.

Pretty good poke.
I know I'm skewed because I'm just comparing it to the stuff in Hawaii, which is cheaper and fresher.
But, then again there is not much in Las Vegas that could compare to this place.
We got a half a pound of the spicy avacado ($8) and a quarter pound of spicy ahi combo ($5).
Both were about 7/10.
Ordered a side of rice which came with 2 scopes for about 2 bucks.
Tipped the guy cause he was nice and let us try them.
Will return when I'm craving poke again

This was my first experience having poke!
But I'd seen some friends on yelp that had been there!
I love fresh fish!
Poke express is located inside Island Sushi.
You have to stand in the back by the case of poke.
The service was terrible.
I waited 10 minutes for someone to help me.
I was starting to question if I was at the right spot to order.
They have a front place to order other items, but they aren't really connected unless you are buying from both.
Finally I placed my order.
At least waiting all that time let me decide on which poke to pick.
I got a 1/4 lb kimchi mussels, 1/4 lb poke combo with crab, ahi tuna & avocado in a spicy mayo, & 1/4 lb spicy ahi tuna poke with avocado.
They were all very yummy.
The combo poke with the spicy mayo & crab was my favorite!
Overall I really enjoyed the food, but if i could score the service separately I'd give it a zero!
I don't know if it was just the day or if waiting a long time is normal.
(I was there around 2pm on a Friday).
If you get a hankering for some poke you might want to be prepared to wait.

Ever since visiting Hawaii for the first time 3 years ago, i have fallen in love with everything Hawaii.
The islands, culture, people, and especially the food.
Living in Las Vegas we are lucky enough to have a wide array of Hawaiian restaurants.
They don' t call us the 9th island for nothing i guess.
Poke Express is up among the top of my list.
Located on Eastern.
Prepare to take a nap if heading south and trying to make that left turn.
Unbelievable how busy that street is.
But located and adjoined to Island Style sushi which i haven't had the pleasure to try yet, but i will eventually.
Poke express is more for Hawaiian favorites, a deli style case full of Poke, and a small case of tasty looking baked goods.
I have been here several times now, and give it 5 stars each time.
The Poke section is one of the best i have seen.
They have a good 15-20 different selections, made fresh daily.
A lot of Tuna varieties, Salmon, and Tako.
I like that they let you try samples before you buy.
Most varieties run about $16 a pound and you can get the sauce right in the Poke or on the side.
My wife absolutely loves the Poke here.
The Hawaiian specialties are all good.
Big variety.
Loco Moco, Ramen, Kalua Pig, etc.
My little hobby has been to try everyone's loco moco.
This version ranks right up there.
They have a mini and a regular.
Regular be prepared not to eat again till dinner.
It's HUGE!!
felt like 5 pounds i swear.
The rice is cooked perfect, nicely done over-easy eggs, delicious juicy beef patty, and topped by very good rich brown gravy.
My next time I would really like to try their bakery section.
The guava cake looks delicious.
If you are looking for Hawaiian in Henderson, consider Poke express.
delicious food all the way around.
And it should be noted how extremely friendly and helpful the staff is.
It makes your visit great.
Aloha!

The poke here is yummie and it hits the spot.
It's hard to give 5 stars only cause I am a little bias.
I'm used to eating fresh poke every time I visit Hawaii.
This place is the best option for poke in Vegas area!
Good thing I live close.
Thursdays they have poi too!

This place is a hidden gem I swear!
Their food is soOoo yummy!
The Garlic Chicken flavorful.
I also tried  the furikake poke which was marinated perfectly!
Deserts were deli.
as well.
This place is so addicting, I went back the next day!
Love this place, it definitely brings out the Hawaiian culture in the food!

Comparing to some phenomenal Poke at top restaurants, Hawaii, and southern California I'd say "I'm a fan" but I wouldn't say it's as good.
Pricing was fair.
This place is a dive though that's about 100 degrees and just has a dirty, greasy feel.
I would definitely take out but would never dine here again.

Closest thing to getting Poke from the islands without traversing the Pacific...

Hawaii in Las Vegas, Aloha!!
One of my yelp friend (Sandra S) raved about this place on her last visit to sin city.
I love Hawaiian food so I bookmarked it knowing I was going in December.
Fast forward a few months and I'm in Hawaiian Heaven.
Here's the run down: Fried Mac N Cheese Balls - a good starter.
It was fried perfectly and the mac n cheese was so creamy inside.
It was cheap too.
$2.45 for 4 big pieces.
Delicious   We came here for the Poke, we got: Shoyu Ahi poke - my favorite, Delicious.
Ahi Furukake poke - it was still a bit frozen, but still good.
Spicy Ahi Combo w/ Crabs, Avocados & Cucumber - my favorite 1A.
Delicious Tako poke w/ Limu (seaweed) - octopus was super tender.
The Ahi's were big chunks of raw tuna.
So fresh, so good.
You've got to try this place if you like poke.
We also got some hot dishes.
Loco Moco - we were all loco for this dish.
The best loco moco I've ever had.
The hamburger was just so flavorful and you get two big hand made patties.
The gravy is just money.
With two eggs & two scoops of rice.
Oh man, this alone made the trip here so worth it.
Delicious.
Must order here.
Kalua Pig & Cabbage - another winner.
Authentic Hawaiian dish.
No fake smoke, tender, juicy goodness.
Yum yum yum.
Kalbi - Delicious, fall off the bone tender and  the marinade was spot on.
Cooked to perfection.
Delicious.
Hilo Bay Bento Special - this had everything.
A piece of spam, pork cutlet, pork teriyaki, beef short rib, noodles, pickled radish and all on a bed of rice.
This dish is a mouthful and everything was so so good.
It's a special, so they might not have it everyday, but if they do, get it.
You won't regret it.
The service was very friendly and helpful.
We ordered a lot of  food and kept adding to the order and the guy taking the order was very patient with us.
The place is small.
A few tables (for 2 only) line the wall.
Get your food to go.
I need a nap now after that luau we just had.
Hawaiian food done right.
Sandra, thank you for the recommendation!!
I'll definitely be back

Nothing to get excited about the poke is anything but & their really wasnt anything I tried that blew my skirt up.

This restaurant surprised and dazzled my friends with the poke bowl, of which they all said they wanted to order after they tried a little of mine (I'm thankful that they didn't try to take more of mine, because they were staring at it like a pack of wolves until their orders were ready).
The portion size for the poke bowl was large, but definitely did not have the gigantic piles of rice and meat that the traditional Haiwaiian BBQ places and dishes (this place included) have.
But that's ok, because it was enough for me to finish without feeling like I was bloated with excess rice and macaroni salad.
In any case, would come here again just for the poke bowl.
I might even order their ahi poke, because the poke was pretty fresh.

first off, we drove around the parking lot a couple of times searching for poke express signage .. nope, there was only a little window decal on the door of island sushi and grill.
after seeing rave reviews on yelp for the poke i had to try this place but perhaps my expectations were too high because i was thoroughly disappointed.
i arrived thinking i would be able to take a look at the poke in the window and be able to pick but they were only making it to order.
so there was hardly anything sitting in the display case...  the set-up for the store is awkward as well needless to say we we're confused on where to order..  the food itself was just okay.
i ended up thinking to myself that this was definitely not worth the drive from the strip in search for...

I had once came across this place when hearing about poke being available in Vegas, but never did I think that I would find a place that could match some of the food that I had picked up when in the islands.
I've been born and raised on a Hawaiian/Japanese mix of food growing up with my background being such, so to stumble upon a place that could match that island feel in the middle of a desert was great!
Their poke selection was pretty good and fairly reasonable.
I went early in the morning, so I probably beat the lunch rush, which seemed to be coming in as I left.
Not realizing that this place was located in Island Grill, I was happy to be able to order a full meal with my spicy avocado poke.
Just like the hole-in-the-wall musubi place in O'ahu, I was able to get my small bento box with mochiko chicken!
While there was nothing fancy about it, it definitely had the authentic feel of a meal I could pick up in the islands.
The poke itself was also delicious!
The ahi looked and tasted fresh and mixed with the avocado, it ended up being a great treat to eat with my bento box.
It's a small place, but you'll get a good range of things you can find in the islands during your getaway in the desert of Las Vegas.
A Few Fun Facts - Poke means to slice or cut.
- Southern California hosts a poke festival

5 stars for the Furikake ahi poke!!
so BIG TIP for anyone who doesnt know about this place... its located in the Island Grill!!
nexxt to the sushi place...
So good and reasonable price..
I absolutely fell in love with the poke!
Check it out  if you want the simple shoyu or the amazing Furikake!
Do it!
they come in sizes 1/4 pound 1/2 pound a pound or 2 pounds!
just try some of each to know which one you like definately some good poke!!
yum yum in my tum tum!!!
Check it out!

Came here on a Saturday afternoon at 4pm.
Lots of people on both sides including poke express.
Since it was after 1pm, all orders are made upon order.
I've came to this location before as well as the other one, on the north side of town, but I've always had 1 thing lacking.... SPICY !
I saw at this location, they had a wasabi ahi (overheard from another person in line it gives a punch) as well as the spicy ahi...
EXTRA spicy.
Guy measured about of tuna with container in fridge and went to mix each one.
After the wasabi ahi one was made, he started on the spicy ahi.
Due to my order being EXTRA spicy, he pulled this small bottle from the fridge.
I don't know what it is but I believe Thats definitely not what they usually use !
After paying, I left and of course couldn't wait to try it.
Tried the wasabi ahi first.
Oh man!
Definitely packs a punch to the sinuses !
Wow !
Not expected to be that strong !
I like :D this one was mixed like a limu or shoyu ahi with sliced onions (which by the way soaks up wasabi too so that punched me as well totally unexpected!
), as well as masago, and sesame seeds.
Now the EXTRA spicy ahi (doh!
forgot to tell him to put less mayo) for some reason, they put a lot.
But aside from that.... Oh man it's spicy !
Woohoo !
A little lacking on the masago on this one :x sad.
XD   Overall, oh man love it !
Spicy n sinus clearing !
What a snack I picked up today !
Gotta eat them all !

I am crazy about poke - i can eat it everyday.
There's not a lot of places in town to get poke or at least where you can choose from various selections.
So I'm thrilled that this location is in town.
I remember during recent trips to Oahu I would walk into an everyday market and it feels like you're in an ice cream shop sampling and deciding between 31 flavors or varieties of octopus, salmon, tuna, oyster poke.
Poke Express is definitely the poor man's version but hey were not in Hawaii so gotta lower expectations.
I liked how you can get poke freshly made to order after 1pm.
The furikake was definitely my favorite at 15-16 bucks a pound.
Sadly the taco with limu, lomi lomi, and seaweed salad did not taste as fresh.
I still ate every bite of it but it just wasn't up to par with the furikake.
Navigating your way out of the parking lot onto Eastern can be a b1tch but that doesn't stop all the Hawaiians and poke fans from coming her and I'll make my way back.
This place will hold me over till I find my way back to Hawaii.

best poke in town, service is fast and friendly.. lots of flavors to choose from.
Mean grinds !!!

Their salmon poke with the special sauce is the best!
Every time I visit Las Vegas, I will always get a couple pounds of the stuff whenever I'm heading back to Orange County.
And even though that sounds like a lot, I'll polish it all off in a couple days or less.
I also love their cucumber kimchi.
I always pick up a couple things to eat on the drive back too, usually the mochiko chicken and the loco moco.
There is nowhere in the OC (or even LA) that makes loco moco nearly as good.
The Loft and L&L, in particular, should hang their heads in shame.
The gravy is dark and rich and flavorful and portion-size is huge.
They sell a few desserts as well, a real stand-out is the butter mochi.

Always stop at this location when I'm in the area.
Can't really comment on service because every time I've been there has been a line attest 5-6 people deep so you can tell they are trying to get it down quick leaving no room for a personalized experience.
But I'm ok with that because I get in, get what I want and go!
Poke is always fresh and flavorful.

It's always hard to find a good poke place.
I know here in California I have to jump through hoops and drive distances away just for some good poke.
While I was in Vegas, my friend suggested Poke Express.
They have a display full of several kinds of poke.
There's also a display of the different kinds of poke they offer, so if it's not on display, ask, and they may have it in the back.
I tried the spicy ahi and wasabi poke.
The spicy ahi definitely has a kick.
But I don't like sauce on my poke, and this was my friend's choice.
What I did like was the wasabi poke.
Definitely has the potential to clear out your sinuses, so beware.
The wasabi is for sure in there.
I loved it.
The fish tasted pretty fresh, and the flavor was on point.
I will very likely be coming back here to get my poke fix again.
I also tried their Saimin Deluxe.
It's a huge bowl with all the fixings.
So good on a colder day.
In addition, the spam and egg masubi was a great snack to take with me before I went clubbing that night.
Not too much rice or sauce, so I could actually taste the spam and egg.
Glad, because some places love to just pile that stuff on!

Love, love, love their poke!
(And limu/kimchee tako too!
) They've got so many options vs other local shops around town, which makes me drive across town on my days off.
They will package your poke and sauces on the side so you can help yourself when you're home.
If you don't see what you want, ask.
They always pull the fish out the fridge for us.
I would suggest bringing a little cooler of ice when you're traveling a far distance to keep the fish cold!
Oh and they're located inside the Island Sushi Grill Restaurant, just walk in on the left side.

This place saved me!!!
I was dying to get some ahi poke.
Just a random craving so I turned to yelp and typed in ahi poke and this spot was the first one to pop out.
Definitely a place to try for me since its pretty close to my house.
I walked in, I was greeted right away.
Then i walked to the counter to look at their poke flavors but nothing was on there!
Turns out you just have to ask em and they make it for you.
Fish tasted so fresh!
The seasonings were on point.
I dont usually write reviews for places but this definitely made me happy!
My number 1 poke spot!

Finally made it to this place after reading reviews and hearing good things from a friend.
Wandered into the place having no idea what to expect due to the tented windows and was pleasantly surprised to feel like I was stumbling into a hole in the wall plate lunch place in Hilo Hawaii.
They had some good hawaiian tunes playing which I thoroughly enjoyed.
Walked to the back where there was a display case with a pretty good selection of poke.
Got 1 lbs of the spicy ahi ($18 yikes, but we are in the middle of the desert) and took it to go and ate it with my own coconut rice at home.
As far as poke goes if i was going to rate it as if I were back home in Hawaii I would say that it meets the Foodland grocery store deli quality, not out of this world fresh but well seasoned and the right texture.
They also had a sign for Hanalei Poi on Thursdays which I would like to try with my poke the next time I stop by.
Hanalei Poi is my favorite Poi and I'm curious how well it travels to Vegas.
I decided to give this place 5 stars based on the experience and the fact that the poke was decent for a land locked state..... not 5 star by Hawaii standards so as long as you keep that in mind its a great find!

Always a stickler for great service and it's almost always on point here whether you go to the poke express side or the island sushi side.
Everyone is reallly friendly and the food is awesome, sometimes the wait at the poke side is a little long but what can you do?
It's worth, I always have enough left over for dinner so like $10 isn't bad for a teriyaki beef and rice plate isn't bad at all and my boyfriend and I go in almost every Monday night for sushi.
I love the crap out of this place and their happy hour and half off sake and beer!
Cheers!

I love the kim chee mussel poke it's spicyness is perfect and it's only 7.99 a pound what a great deal for something so onolocious

I'm not Hawaiian, but I do like Hawaii.
I can't really tell you if this is authentic or not, but it's delicious!
If you like salmon, be sure to get there early because it sells out pretty quickly.
My favorite is the salmon with spicy mayo (they don't put it out, you have to ask for it).
The employees are always friendly and easy going, true Hawaiian style.
I haven't seen the older man who works there in a while, but he's like a kind uncle that makes you try everything until you're so full you're not even sure you want to order food anymore.
If you order food from island sushi (also good), they'll bring your poke order over to the cash register so you can pay together.

Happy I found this place !
Tips: Poke express is inside the Island restaurant.
If you want poke go to the back counter display window and order there and if you want rice dishes then go to the front cashier.
You can pay for it together in the front.
They won't let you order poke from the front cashier.
My favorite is the ahi furikake.
If you want something cleaner tasting, try the salmon with special sauce.
Garlic chicken with rice is also pretty good.

My craving for awesome poke has been fulfilled and I have THIS place to thank for it.
I've been on the search for some good quality poke.
There use to be a poke market located on Warm Springs and Arroyo Grande, but closed down 1.5 years ago so since then..
I've been searching and searching and FINALLY have tried this place.
They have a good range of different pokes which you can find on their website.
I got 1/4 pound of their shoyu poke, 1/2 furikake poke, and 1/2 spicy tuna equaling out to be $24 (roughly).
I can say that I am a fan of their furikake and spicy tuna.
There's just so much flavor that my mouth is watering at the mere thought.
The shoyu poke was good, don't get me wrong, but next to the furikake and spicy tuna (both pack a good punch of flavors) - this wasn't my favorite out of the 3.
I will definitely be back to order more in the future.
It's a piece of Hawaii in a small plastic container.
Tip: Call ahead of time to place your order.
I'm not sure if their supply runs out, but better save than sorry.

I think the Poke Express moved out of this location and are only at the Craig Rd location.
I go to the one at 655 West Craig Rd.
North Las Vegas

I realize that I eat out often and get bored with the same old thing.
I love to try all different kinds of cuisine and love to share my experiences with others that love to eat and enjoy food as I do.
Poke Express is ONOLICIOUS!
The selection is vast and if you can't find what you like, the helpful staff will make it up for you.
I selected the traditional Hawaiian style Tuna Poke.
I also picked up an order of Kahlua Pig with the Mac Salad and Rice.
It was very tasty but a bit salty.
For anyone who wants a taste of Hawaii check out Poke Express or right next door Island Sushi.

No need to travel to Hawaii...
This is the real deal!
Did the all-you-can eat lunch.
Lots of items to choose from and well worth it for only $22 per adult.
Sushi, poke, chicken dishes were all great.
Malasadas were soft and light.
Haupia cake and Chantilly cake were mouth watering!
Aloha spirit with every interaction of the staff!
I will make this a necessary stop for all my upcoming Vegas trips!

Only reason why I'm giving this place a mediocre review is because of the cashier.
I love Hawaiian food and go to a good number of restaurants that serve it.
I've never been charged extra for getting "all mac salad" instead of the usual "mac salad and rice" ... until here.
And if you're going to charge me for it, the least you could do is let me know first so I don't get it.
The cashier was rude and not very smart.
Food was typical Hawaiian bbq.
The most positive thing about this place is their large selection of poke.
The guy operating behind the poke stand was really friendly.
But the poke wasn't really all that fresh.
I probably wouldn't come back.

I love this place.
I finally got to try it out on our last trip to Vegas.
Located way off strip, we stopped in for lunch before our flight back home.
We had a hard time finding it at first because we were looking for a Poke Express sign, but it's really in the same shop as the Island Grill restaurant which has also a Japanese place attached to it.
I think it says it on the door at least.
We went in for poke, but ended up getting ahi and tako poke, fried saimin, loco moco, side of garlic chicken, AND a custard malasada.
LOL yes I had to try everything.
Loved the poke, saimin was OKAY, fiance LOVED the loco moco (they have brown rice btw), and we both really like the garlic chicken.
Malasada was good.
Just made me miss hawaii.
Overall we will be back!
Credit cards accepted.
Parking lot available but packed.

My family and I were on a weekend vacation from SoCal- my wife and I are originally from Oahu Hi - it's so hard to find Real Hawaiian style food where we live, made by real Hawaiian folks that were raised there so they know what the food is supposed to taste like- a local couple told us to come here and so we did and Wow!!!
...I'm soooo happy to have real Poke from folks that are FROM Hawaii!!!
It makes such a difference!
We also had local food from the restaurant part and it was super Ono!!!
The good folks that work there are super nice and have real Aloha - We can't wait to come back!

I love this place!
It's one of our favorites!!

Holy crap I was not expecting this at all.
Most of the poke I've had is very bland and this one had tons of flavor!
Poke avocado bowl for under $10 bucks?
Come onnnn.
And the portion is well worth it.
I'm a huge poke fan and this by far is my favorite.
Thanks poke express!

An absolute must-have stop in Vegas every time I'm out there.
I've had some amazing poke before (including in Hawaii) but this place is so much better than the rest.
My personal favorite is the ahi poke with furikake and the salmon with the special house sauce.
Located in a small strip mall across from Gold's Gym and situated inside Island Sushi grill.
Don't let the small counter set up deceive you, this place has a lot of options and it is super fresh.
Everything is made to order after 1pm so if you don't see what you want, just ask :) There isn't a lot of seating since this place is pretty small.
I would say no groups more than 4 and it's perfect for take out.
So....who wants to go to Vegas for a poke pig out session?

Poke are great.
Simply done and many variations including mussels, octopus,  and salmon all sold by the pound.
If you are in a hurry skip the cooked foods, it takes much too long.
They have a dessert that looks like little cream puffs, gross, much too sweet and artificial.
Stick to the poke and be happy.

I am never disappointed with this place.
I've yet to eat at the restaurant but the ahi bar is amazing!
I always come in to get the spicy ahi bowl and a few sides of ahi.
So yummy!

If you love pok then this is a must stop the next time you're in the Las Vegas area, for sure.
They have ahi pok, tako(octopus) pok, salmon pok, and more.
They come in different flavors, if they don't have one in the window, you can usually tell them and they'll be able to make more of it on the spot.
The prices for the pok are really reasonable and you can get your favorite flavors and more for around $25 or less depending on how many pounds you're buying.
This place also has some of the best Hawaiian plate lunches in Vegas and it also has a sushi restaurant that is also connected.
So if you're in the mood for Hawaiian plate lunch and sushi then this is the place to be.
Sometimes the spam musubis can be more rice like a rice block and I've had them look at it and made me another one free of charge because they knew that it's called a spam musubi and not a rice musubi for a reason.
This place is definitely getting my business every time I'm in town.

Amazing!!
I came at the recommendation of my new friend Elizabeth.
It's located in a small strip mall inside Island Sushi Grill.
It's not on the strip, but there are two locations, both a little bit of a drive from the airport, and downtown Vegas, respectively.
The airport one (this one) is the original, and supposedly is better!
Don't let the small counter and semi-empty looking trays fool you.
After 1pm, everything is made to order, so just ask if they still have what you are looking for.
We got: Ahi tuna poke with limu - Not too much flavor.
Meh Ahi tuna poke with shoyu - Mm.. classic poke flavor Ahi tuna poke furikake style - This one is quite good too!
Salmon poke with house sauce - An interesting twist to the usual tuna poke  Prices are quite reasonable for poke.
You can get poke in 1/4, 1/2 lb, and possibly other sizes larger than that.
We got 4 1/4 trays, combined with a lunch special from Island Sushi Grill, and that split amongst 3 people was quite enough.
Definitely will come back if I'm in Vegas again and I have a car.

Omg!!!
Why can't we have this in California.
Reminds me of home ... Tanioka :( Ahi furikake and Spicy Tuna is a MUST!

Confusing to get to.
It's actually inside another restaurant in a plaza.
There was a small group of 5 ppl waiting for the server to help them.
They were out of some of the poke.
After coming back from Hawaii, these didn't look as appetizing.
I came here based on the Yelp review ratings looking to fulfill my poke craving.
Sorry, but I'll keep trying another place.
I might come back earlier in the day.

