Uh oh!
A new restaurant on Carefree Hwy?
Not even Subway can survive this location.
Gallagher's also just closed its doors, not to mention the 10 other restaurants that have fallen victim nearby over the past year...
It better be good!
This restaurant opened in late June.
They are predicting a Grand Opening in late September - early October, when their liquor license  is granted.
I spoke with the owner and she is very excited about her new venture and knowledgeable about the restaurant industry.
Her family operates several dining establishments around the Valley.
They currently have indoor dining, but will add outdoor dining and entertainment soon.
The place has a nice feel; the atmosphere, service, and ambiance are very pleasant and inviting.
There menu is nice; they serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
I had the Philly and my wife ordered a Chicken Sandwich.
Both were really good - four out of five stars.
The Arizona Tots, instead of french fries, were delish!
Prices are average for the area.
This place has a great deal of potential and should do well.
Check it out!

Great location to watch a summer storm roll in from the north.
I had a Cuban, it was great.
The staff was super nice and inviting, more of a down home feel then the normal server type experience.
I like that too.
Prices seem fair for the quality.
Check it out.

I stopped in with 10 or so friends on a Sunday afternoon motorcycle ride, the outdoor patio has a amazing view, Food was excellent, service was great, and not to mention a full bar!
I loved this place and it will be a regular stop anytime I'm in the area!!

Awesome food, great breakfast, great lunch and fantastic staff!
Check this place out, you'll be glad you did!

Great value!
Peaks and Valleys has a nice variety of tasty food, reasonably priced, with a very friendly wait staff.
My family has been there on a number of occasions and we've always been very pleased.
They now have a full-service bar up front for those so inclined.
Try the various specials, especially the ribs - other great dishes include the Mediterranean Chicken, the burgers, the Greek salad, and the desserts are great, too.

Maybe 3.5 stars....we'll see what happens after they've been around for a bit longer.
I wasn't a huge fan of the atmosphere, the lighting seemed "off" and it looks like it was decorated for a one-day "cowboy" themed event.
And I couldn't tell if it was trying to be a cafe or a bar/pool hall.
Something just didn't connect.
The food was decent.
We ordered a Chicken Sandwich, the Gyros, a side of the Arizona Tots and a side of the sweet potato fries.
The Gyros were really disappointing; but I suppose we should have known better than to order a Gyro sandwich in a cowboy place.
My chicken sandwich was good, freshly breaded and well cooked.
The Arizona Tots, while clearly frozen, were pretty tasty - kind of a mix between a tater tot and a jalepeno popper w/ melty cheese on the inside.
The sweet potato fries were perfectly done.
Our waitress was wonderful and kept our drinks full.
It's a decent little diner type spot.
I'll be interested to try breakfast.

Went in having no idea what to expect except what I had read here on Yelp.. Food was good, salsa was great!
I enjoyed the patio, our friend even brought there dog who was allowed to be on the patio with no issues from any of there staff.
Waitress was on top of it, double checked the order, it came out right.
On Sundays if you order two Alcohol drinks ya get a free breakfast.. That was cool.. Prices were in line with portions and quality..

My breakfast was cold.
The sausage links seemed that they had been cooked the day before.
My husbands breakfast was mediocre.
The potatoes are bland.
Save your money.

I performed here a few weeks ago for a fundraiser to help a kid who needs a kidney.
I guess I'm the comedian who's the poster child for this sort of thing now.
Hahaha!
Sat at the bar with the other comics.
Now, if you are a bartender and can handle four female comedians, you're pretty much tops in my book.
Quick service with a very sexy smile.
(I had to throw that in there because he WAS so sexy!
) I had some sort of tater tots with cheese and jalapenos.
They were good, and the $4 wasn't a bad price.
It just didn't seem like anything homemade.
I did, however, order a second batch.
They were yummy, just not extraordinary.
There is a large patio with heaters outside, too.
The place is pretty big with wood decor all over the place.
I mean, what else would you expect near Cave Creek?
Actually, I don't even know where the heck it was, I just remember jumping on the 17 from Downtown and driving forever to get there.

During the process of helping some relatives move, I've had breakfast and lunch here within the last week.
This place is LEGIT some of the greatest food in AZ.
The green chili and pepperjack cheese burger... No words.
Breakfast is amazing, home fries for the win.
I can't go into more detail, without wanting to get in the car and go here for dinner.

I really want to like this place because we have so little in the way of restaurants in this neighborhood (there are THREE, count 'em three Ray's Pizzas within about 7 miles of Carefree Highway so you see my issue).
It's a really nice space but the inside needs renovation.
I was noting scrapes and chunks of wall missing nearly the entire length of the outward facing wall.
I've had a salad that was decent, a hamburger that was terrible, and pancakes that were tasty (although I'm pretty sure they were from a mix - still, they were fluffy and cooked well).
The menu seems to lack direction and cohesion.
My husband and I were discussing whether this was a chef with a vision or someone who thought "Hey!
I can run a restaurant.
"  We're pretty sure it's the latter.
It has beautiful views...  shame that the same cannot be said for the inside.

Nice open space.
Waitress needs to wear shoes not flip flops.
Ordered onion rings, but forgot to bring them to us.
We had a coupon for $7.99 fish fry, small three pieces.
The cole slaw was soggy, surprisingly the french fries were good.
Michael and I ordered gin & tonics, well drinks were $3.00 during happy hour.
You get what you pay for...they dont use the good gin.
We will not go back for the cocktails.

came in tonight with the $7.99 Friday Fish Fry coupon.
Fish was OK; definitely not Cod.
The cole slaw was too soggy and too sweet.
Also, the Friday Fish Fry was NOT all you can eat.
all the restaurants in Phoenix that do FFF's are ALWAYS all you can eat!
No wonder there were only three dining tables filled with customers!
I am not coming back!
In addition the place looked like a Cowboy bar more than amything and the atmosphere was lousy.
I will be surprised if this place lasts through the summer of 2012.

Good service, much improved atmosphere, okay food (this has improved tremendously in the past few months) and they have made a fair attempt at getting together some decent live music.
The band I saw here last weekend (8/25/12) was very good and everyone else in the establishment had good things to say about their sound as well.
I would have rated this with only one star right after they first opened, but the owner has made some definite improvements all around.
I am glad I didn't give up on this place and I look forward to giving an even better rating in the future.
Keep up the good work!

First time.
I will give it another try I think.
But I took my food home to cook it better.
I should have sent it back but I didn't have time.
They need to step it up.
At 6pm it was empty.
I should have realized that I should just have had a cocktail  try it I guess.
But set the bar low

We were encouraged to give them another shot and I'm glad we did.
They've reconfigured the inside and it looks like some renovations are still happening.
It still has a ways to go but it's looking much better and more like a "real" restaurant.
The food has improved as well.
The AZ tots are tasty.
My buffalo chicken wrap hit spot and the side of peppercorn sweet potato fries were yummy as well.
My husband thoroughly enjoyed his chicken corn chowder soup.
He raved about the mashed potatoes but found the chicken fried chicken a bit tough.
We will be back!

This place is still serving up awesome food.
It never fails when we are hungry and up in the area.
Yesterday was our first time back in a few months and the remodeled inside looks great!
I ordered eggs over medium, toast with home fries and a small stack of pancakes.
Everything came out perfect and delicious.
My boyfriend got the buffalo chicken wrap and that thing is GIANT and friggin' tasty.
We are in love with their sweet potato fries here especially when they are extra crispy and dipped in ranch.

More of a country type place.
They had great appetizers, as the four items my group ordered all went down easy and picked those dishes clean.
It would help if the ladies room had more than 2 stalls... not their fault I'm sure.
Also found the servers and bartenders there are very friendly and entertaining.
This is a fun place, and I had a great time even though I'm not a country type person myself.
One negative point of this place is some of the songs my friend paid for on the jukebox was skipped over.
Not fun to pay good money to listen to a song from the play list and only get 10 seconds of song.

I adore the staff at this place!!
Great food as well.

This place has a great happy hour!!
They recently remodeled the interior and have a huge patio.
Great for the Saturday or Sunday hangover... Buy 2 drinks and breakfast is free, karaoke on Thursdays and usually bands on Friday and Saturday nights.

The food was ok.
The service was extremely slow!
We were 2 of 10 people in the entire place and it took almost an hour to get our food.
I got the Mediterranean chicken which they told me would take 25 minutes to cook, which would have been fine except it took about 50 minutes.
I doubt we will be back here anytime soon.

Cool atmosphere, good menu selection.
I need to go on a weekend night as I hear it gets pretty interesting.

went to this place twice for a few beers on girls night.
let's just say they aren't too keen on outsiders.
the few folks that were there were regulars and the staff did not want to acknowledge or even make eye contact with us.
we ended up having to move up to the bar for service.
Or Bill was outrageous for what we order in the limited time we were there.
The food lacked luster as well.
we won't be going back.I'll take my money where they are looking to welcome new "regulars".

We will come back to this place.
I had the chicken fried steak with baked potato and steamed veggies.
Everything was cooked just right.
I could cut the steak with my fork.
The chicken corn chowder was "to die for".
Service was excellent, everyone was really friendly.
I recommend making the drive.

Men's room needs paint and soap.
The volume of non bar "stuff" behind the bar (purses, broom and dust pan, clothing) was not very appealing to look at during our entire meal.
Pepsi tasted like 1/4 diet and the rest regular.
Did not get one part of the special requests with our order correct.
No sincere apology and we paid full price for the meal.
Prior to writing this I sent an email to them via their website, that was more than 2 weeks ago and haven't heard a thing back.
Kinda sad, there's not many restaurant options our here and I'd like to think it wouldn't take much effort to provide a pleasant experience.
Perhaps things will change as more options become available.

Love love love this place.
My boyfriend and I were welcomed with open arms by not only every employee there but the customers too.
Have a better time each time we go.
Great music.
Great food.
Great drinks and the owner is beautiful and super welcoming and fun.
Bring your friends for a no judgement good time!

Whether you live local or are coming in from out of town this is a great place to grab some food & drinks and catch some live music.
1) The food is consistently very good  2) The service is great  3) The live music is excellent  If you've never been, give it a try and if you've been here, I'm sure you'll be back!

