We are an athletic family and heard great things about Accupuncture and Chiropracttic services to help our muscle and joint pain.
We wouldnt go to anyone else but Dr. Backaric-Clark who is highly trained and certified to offer both.. She clearly made it comfortable using both  Accupuncture and Chiropractic services to help relieve our back pain.
Additionally our anxiety and allergies are much better.
My husband who is a tri-athalon  racer has seen amazing results.
My headaches, anxiety and allergies are much improved.
We love too,  that Dr. Backaric is a good listener and very professional.
All of her services are done in her offices.
Thank Goodness we found her.
Thank you!

Dr. Aubrey E. Backaric, DC and her practice are both AMAZING!
I broke both of my knees over a year ago and have been plagued with aches ever since.
Between her acupuncture and massage treatments, those aches are gone and I feel so much better than before.
PLUS, she is sweet, helpful, and very knowledgeable.
Looking for pain relief?
Look no further!
THANKS Dr.
Aubrey!

I have tried everything to relieve my back pain, Chiropractic, physical therapy, drugs, etc.
Noting worked until I took a chance with Dr. Backaric.
I have experienced true and lasting relief thanks to a combination of Chiropractic adjustments and acupuncture.
Initially she was treating me on a weekly basis, but after showing improvement she suggested I make it biweekly, and now I just make appointments when necessary.
I can actually golf without pain, cool!

Aubrey is wonderful.
I first found her through a Groupon or Living Social offer, and that was over a year ago.
I've seen lots of offers for chiropractic services since then but I am a happy camper with her.
She is gentle, very knowledgeable and infinity patient with me and my schedule.
She always gives me quick relief from pain and tension, especially on my neck and back.
She takes her time and I have never felt rushed.
The trick to chiropractic care is you have to keep going, which is my problem.
I do do my therapy at home which also helps.
Aubrey rocks.

Wow!
Absolutely love this place!
I was in an accident a lil while back and I was in so much pain!
I can finally sit at a computer desk, sleep and drive with out screaming in agony!
My first time getting acupuncture!
Really awesome!
Dr. Aubrey is amazing she works my aching spots and makes it go away!
Don't know what I would of done with her

I agree with the other reviewers....this place is fantastic.
Although, I was not there for chiropractic care, but a facial.
You don't ordinarily think skin care when going to your chiropractor, but you should.
Dreanna gave me the most relaxing and thorough facial I've ever had.
I'm huge on cleanliness and Dreanna's room in addition to the whole space is spotless and inviting.
Before applying each product, she let me know what and why she was doing it.
My skin was glowing for days afterward.
She customized the facial based on my skin care needs.
I look forward to returning!

My first visit to a chiropractor and Dr. Backaric was top notch!
I called last week for an an appointment because I'm going out of town this week.
She was able to get me in today.
The pre-interview was great because I was able to describe every detail of what I was going through with my back.
She gave me great stretch exercises that should help me and also made my back make noises I thought they couldn't do!
After my adjustment, Jessica gave me a great massage!
I'm pretty new to the massage world and like to be honest about what pain I can take and what I cant, but I told her to do what she does best and let me tell you, I feel great.
Like Dr. Backaric, she asked me what spots needed work and I mentioned my lower back, but also other areas where I get stressed.
I even described a stress experience with my arms and she knew exactly what I meant!
It's amazing how knotted up one can get through out life along with all the stress build up.
To top it off  I enjoy conversation and it was nice to chat it up with someone who was full of life!
I will definitely be back and look forward to great back recover!
Thank you!

