Mmmmm La P'tite Folie, how I love you!!
If you are in the mood for a delicious French meal, look no further than La P'tite Folie.
Situated on Fredrick Street, La P'tite Folie is right in the heart of the New Town area of Edinburgh and it is just around the corner from the main shopping street, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.
I came here for dinner a few weeks ago with a friend and we had a beautiful meal.
La P'tite Folie's menu offers a good choice of authentic French dishes including mussels and snails.
I had the seafood risotto for my main meal which was truly beautiful - there was monk fish in it which was perfectly cooked and the sauce it was in tasted really fresh and full of flavour - yummy!
My friend had the roast duck which looked amazing and my friend said it was really tasty too, and our meal was accompanied with a bottle of white wine.
The meals are a wee bit pricey, with most main meals in the region of £17-20, but the portions are a decent size and the food is wonderful so it is excellent value for money.
This is not a restaurant I would go to all the time, purely because it is a wee bit too pricey for a student's budget, but I would love to go here again for a special occasion meal.

La P'tite Folie in Frederick Street in Edinburgh is a nice rustic French restaurant.
We had a fairly big party of 16, and the staff were very good.
The quality of the food is superb - their steak in particular is excellent.
There was a problem with the bill - the menu that had been provided in advance said that there would be no service charge, but the waitress added a 10% charge to both the food and drinks bill.
This was sorted out by the owner the following day.
Hopefully this was a one-off.

We hadn't been before and booked La P'tite Folie for a special occasion and weren't disappointed.
The venue is small, but comfortable and the staff, who are actually French, are lovely, friendly and helpful.
Our group ranged from vegetarians to steak eaters, with everyone cleaning their plates.
We started with the house champagne and then had a nice Côtes du Rhône (£22) with the meal.
Our food ranged from goats cheese on ratatouille (see the pic) to filet beef with potatoes dauphinoise, duck, scallops, guinea fowl and finished off with gluten free chocolate cake, vanilla ice cream and raspberry coulee.
All lovely & flavourful.
I would say if you are a larger group, it's difficult to hear one another, but parties of 2-4 would be perfect.
We'll definitely be going back.

Food was great especially the roast lamb.
Was a bit disappointed they served boring fries with the steak though and the service was frosty.

Food was pretty standard French fare.
Service was a bit on the slow side with just one person manning the entire restaurant, so be aware of how long you'll be sitting there before you order, get your food, etc.
I did like how they gave a small salad to share among the table.

What a wonderful find!
We had 4 people for lunch -- great risotto with butternut squash & mushrooms, mussels were insanely good, fresh fish cooked perfectly, sticky toffee pudding for dessert was the best.
A very nice wine list -- we had a terrific rose.
A must if you are in Edinburgh and want a nice relaxing lunch with wonderful service.

OMG,this French restaurant is bravo!
A very friendly waitress:) and the food just amazing!!!
I love the dessert so so much: creme brûlée and sticky toffee pudding:) we have roast duck as main course, it is so tender~~!
And the side, potato pave is amazing also!!
Can't love it anymore!!
I love this little French restaurant more than the luxurious decoration, it makes me feel warm:) a really nice dinner...
BUT!!!!
!unfortunately, it will close down next month!!!whyyyyyyy.....
:( why I found you so late:(  Gotta go back again:-)

