Most of the movies have been out a little while, but the price is great.
I remember when they charged a dollar, now it is a dollar-fifty cents.
You can't beat that.
The pop corn and hotdogs and even the ices are reasonably priced.

Took my kids here tonight... We wanted to see Magamind - Great movie...
But the theater was so nasty - there was food everywhere in the theater... Left over candy boxes - the bathroom was disgusting... That will be the last time we over go there - So if you wan to be in a nasty, disgusting theater this is the place for you -

This place is reasonably clean.
I've never seen hoards of candy boxes or left over food on the floors.
It's not immaculate but hey it's a DOLLAR!
The theaters are about the same size as regular theaters with ample seating.
The parking lot is big and there is hardly any wait at the ticket booth.
Remember though this place is CASH ONLY.
Regular admission is $1.50, Tuesdays $1.00  Hotdogs are good and only $1.
Everything else is also reasonably priced.
Enjoy!

We went because my kids were good this week.
We bought the refillable large popcorn and when my 11 year old went to refill it they marked it in front of her refilled then refused to fill it.
Why are they trying to screw a child.
I am very disappointed in this bad business ethics.
I will never be back.
If they screw children out of things they have paid for think what they will do to you.

For one dollar and fifty cents, you CAN NOT beat this place.
Not first run movies, or elegant; just a place to go watch movies when your television screen is not adequate.
Go with a positive attitude and enjoy!

1.00 movies(Tuesday Only) and 1.50 every other day?
What could be better.
It is cash only.
You end up spending more money  on then the actual movie.
The theaters are pretty small, but find a time to go during the week or earlier in the day.

I can not believe they will not you into the theater without searching your purse!
Since when do they have the right to do this!
Everyone in america learns not to search a women's purse by the time they are two.
Say no to the search!!!

