This place has oven baked subs that are absolutely amazing!
I highly suggest the Steak Sub.
It is so delicious.
Take the family, this place had lots of people there for lunch, so I am surprised there are no reviews.
I posted their menu, so I hope you all enjoy!
I can't wait to try their pizza!

This place could be dangerous - it's right down the street from my house.
Papa Kelsey's is tucked in a strip mall off Apache Trail and Ellsworth.
It doesn't look like much from the front, but it's definitely worth stopping by.
It is very comfortable and clean inside.
And the food is delicious!
I tried the chicken oven baked sub and my husband had the steak.
He said the steak is one of the best subs he's ever had and I agree.
The bread is amazing.
I signed up for their Loyalty program after getting home and got a coupon for 50% off a pizza right away.
I will definitely be back.

I had a Papa Kelsey's Special Pizza while my wife had a Calzones with extra toppings  like tomato, green bell pepper, olives and onion.
We both ordered two Italian salad with blue cheese and ranch dressing.
Can't believe I had so much root beer.
Over all the food was alright.
We had a good lunch.
One of their booth seats, the upholstery is torn.
Not a good thing.
But, Folks like what I said we have to continually support our local restaurants.

I should have tried the subs, according to the other reviews those are good.
We got 4 pizzas and not one of them was even edible.
They were tasteless and the toppings were blah.
I would never get the pizza again.
Had it not been the Tuesday night special where the 2nd pizza was 99 cents, I would have felt completely ripped off.

They have changed the bread for the subs.
More like subway...dry and tasteless!
Go back to what you had before :)

This is one of those places that you could pass by and never know what you're missing.
I work out here in East Mesa but never review my favorite places.
My bad!
It's slow when the snowbirds leave so these gems are ours now.
First it's located in the same strip center as the Burger King that's on the corner of Ellsworth and Apache Trail just east of the 202.
Ok...service is excellent, timely and attentive.
I am usually in after 12:30 or for take out.
The staff is friendly and courteous.
The kitchen is visible and the dining area is clean and well lighted.
The food always comes out hot.
While this is a pizza parlor and sub shop, it is by no means ordinary.
The ingredients for the pizza are fresh and plentiful toppings.
The dough is crisp and chewy with a nice texture.
So if it's pizza you want in this area I recommend it.
You won't be dissapointed.
The oven baked subs though are by far their strong suit (17 choices at last count).
I recommend the Grilled Chicken Breast which comes with Swiss, lettuce and tomatoes.
The chicken is moist and tasty.
I opt for the wheat bread and it is very flavorful and warm.
A half sub (6") is under $5 and is more than enough for lunch.
Other recommendations would be the BLT, Taco Sub and Three Meat Combo (Turkey,Ham and Roast Beef) with Mozzarella & Cheddar and Tomatoes.
A 12" sub is under $9 and well worth it for a bigger appetite or save half for a late leftover snack.
Sometimes we overlook family operated businesses and take them for granted settlling for less at fast food joints.
In this case it's well worth the stop to try Papa Kelsey's, you won't be dissapointed and will help a local business at the same time.
Enjoy.

I went to Papa Kelsey's because they had a promotion for my daughter's school.
They were donating 10% of the day's profits to her school.
I had one of their calzones and it delicious!
You can ask for whatever you want in their calzones so that was a plus.
My daughter had one of their hot subs and she thought it was really good and my husband and son had their pizza.
I tried a slice of the cheese pizza and it was good quality...not great...just good.
But the prices were very reasonable.
My family of 4 ate for around $35.
The service was a little bumpy because the person behind the counter was new.
But the manager made up for it by correcting the new employee, getting us what we needed and continued to check on us to make sure we were happy.
I also signed up for their rewards points system where you get discounts for being a repeat customer of theirs.

Easy place to find, we had a Living Social deal and went to use it last night.
Clean inside, don't let the depressing-looking strip mall setting deter you, because the food is GREAT.
We ordered the sub sandwiches to go, a Turkey and a BLT and they were delicious and worth the drive.
We'll be back again.
Well-lit, clean inside, service was prompt and the food was amazing.

I have been going to Papa Kelsey's for 15 years so writing a review for this place will be like writing a review for a x girlfriend you still have feelings for.
At one point Papa's was it, there wasn't anything out on this side of town but fat willy's and pizza hut(yuk on both).
Now there are so many options for pizza, it makes papa's sub-par at best.
But the subs, there is something in  the bread that drags me back.
Not really into the 70's decor but I'm there for food, so let's not dwell!
I'm going with the three stars because I think even the subs could step there game up.
In the restaurant bizz the competition is huge, & you have to be willing to adapt to change.
If you are going to charge 9 bucks for a footlong then I want higher quality meats & cheeses like boars head!
That is where my love for papa's has changed, there are a lot of great sandwich shops and you better believe if they have the goods I'm in!
So papa I still will come around every now & then but like the x, feelings will never be the same.

I love this place and so far the food is great.
I've never tried the subs but plan to.
I usually get a pizza, and I have to say it's one of my favorite places to eat one.
The crust is thin, which I love and the ingredients are fresh.
I also usually order the mac-n-cheese wedges.
These are good but my last experience ordering them will likely result in me not ordering them again.
I usually go with one other person, and we split the mac-n-cheese wedges (as an appetizer) and an order consists of 5 wedges for about 4 bucks.
So one of us always ends up with 1 more than the other.
Kinda awkward because we both want it.
We feel silly, but we split the last piece.
So, this last Friday night, we brought another friend with us and ordered 2 pizzas and mac-n-cheese wedges.
I asked the guy who took our order if they could add one more wedge to our order as there are 3 of us and five wedges.
This way each of us could have 2.
He laughed at me and said loudly "That's a good one, I'll have to tell (I've forgotten name) so and so about that.
Ha ha, very funny.
" I was embarrassed and offended.
I didn't think that was too much to ask and said I was willing to pay for it.
However he seemed to think this was hilarious.
I wish I had not put the money in the tip jar before this happened.
I really wanted to take it back out.
So, eat here and you won't be disappointed.
Just don't deviate from menu or ask for more of something.
I love Papa Kelsey's and will continue to go back, but won't order the mac-n-cheese wedges.
They are too expensive, too small and too few.
Don't waste your money or time on this item.

Have eaten lunch here many times, excellent food, great service and a reasonable price.

The food is absolutely delicious!
We started by trying the subs, then the calzones, and finally the pizza.
The food is amazing and will keep bringing you back for more!
We have yet to try the salads and the sides but I am sure they will be up to par!
It is also nice that no matter how long between visits there are always familiar faces in the joint and they are always very friendly!

These guys serve the best subs!!!
We have had subs, pizza & soup and including the chili.
We have not had a bad meal there ever.
We find the staff very friendly and ready to assist at any time you need.
Good atmosphere & good food, what more can you ask for.
The manager even goes around to make sure everything is okay with everyone in the restaurant.

Really relaxed and chill hangout.
Great food, decent prices, and awesome service.
Also, they have sweet retro arcade games like Ms. Pacman and the original Metal Slug!!!
Awesome!

Went here on the recommendation of a friend.
Not bad, but I've had a lot better.
A step or two up from Pizza Hut to be sure,  I prefer Sourdough just up the road or Streets of New York on Signal Butte.

We recently moved from this side of town to the other side of Mesa.
I miss this place.
I miss it terribly.
My 5 year old recently asked to have his birthday here and we gladly made the trek over.
When we called and gave a heads up that we had a larger party and pre-ordered our pizzas, they set up tables for us without us asking.
They have awesome specials (Tuesday is buy one pizza, get one for 99 cents; Sundays is the same deal with calzones).
They recently started delivering, which is thrilling since I work at a nearby school and can now get my PK fix!
Try the pizza...they have awesome crust.
Try the sub club...it's divine.
PS- be patient.
I've seen people lose their minds over the wait time.
It's worth it because you know your food hasn't been sitting and dying under a heat lamp.

The Pizza and Subs are really good - if you're eating in - the atmosphere is a little dated - I wouldn't take you're date there - but a family atmosphere it is fine...

Ordered a pizza and sub to-go (Keep in mind this was my first time here)  the place looks clean plenty of people in there eating lunch , I was in line waiting to pay and I seen the cook poke his nose and wipe it on his pants he continued to prepare more subs and pizza with out washing his hands.
I ask to speak with a manager (Andy) he ends up being the manager  and I was very respectful when I asked for a refund and gave him the reason.
Stay away from this place or at least just only eat there when Andy the nose picker is not working*** but from what I understand he's been there 3 years.

Yuck!
I hate spending my money on bad food!!!
We used to go to Papa's a lot years ago, and thought we'd give it a try, as the reviews seemed pretty decent.
First, don't be fooled by the pictures online.
The food doesn't look ANYTHING like them!
The pizza was on a thin crust, not anything like the picture!
The crust was tough and the toppings, sparse!
The wings...well, the picture shows a Buffalo style wing.
What I got was a breaded soggy mess!
Gross!
No sauce at all.
They were so soggy, I just threw them out.
TERRIBLE.

I love it here.
I got a half of pizza the other day when I signed up for there rewards program :) I am obsessed with there Spudsters always have been.

They recently updated the interior, looks and feels much nicer.
Probably got an extra star from me for that.
The food is good.
The staff/service are great.
Not my favorite place, but good enough to be in our regular rotation when we are in the mood.
The Italian sub and the steak subs are good.
The pizza is good..

"When someone under promises and over delivers, it means that he or she sets the bar low and then exceeds that bar.
In a simple example, a delivery company might promise that something will be dropped off by noon, setting the bar, and then tell the driver to make sure that the object is delivered by ten in the morning, thereby exceeding the expectations of the customer.
The idea behind this concept is that, by keeping customer expectations low and routinely exceeding them, an individual or company will develop a good reputation.
"  I was told a simple order of 2 large 1 topping pizzas would take 20-25 minutes.
Understandably the place was busier than normal as it's usually only 10-15.
But having to have waited in excess of 50 minutes for my simple order..
I was rather disappointed.
It's decent pizza but not worth the wait.

Pizza is bad !
Bad bad bad!
Never again!
Don't waste your time there are other great pizza places nearby!

Wow!
Not a huge fan of the classic sub - I was totally blown away by Papa Kelsey's Sub sandwich.
Fresh bread and crisp vegetables compliment your choice of fixings!
The staff is friendly and accommodating.
We enjoyed our lunch in the nice clean cafe styled restaurant, but they offer take out as well as daily specials.
YUM!

