I decided to learn piano after playing guitar for 40 years but didn't know If I should start with a digital piano or acoustic.
I found My First Piano and stopped by.
Nice people with a nice assortment of mostly used pianos.
I found out I could rent one for 6 months (acousting or digital) to see how I like it and my rent would apply toward purchase price if I chose to keep it.
I felt this was a perfect option for me...who else rents pianos in the valley??
So I brought home a Casio Celviano AP620 digital piano and had it for 6 months.
I practiced on it probably 1-2 hours every day.
It was a great piano for the price but I decided to return it after the 6 months because a friend had sold me his upright acoustic about the time the 6 months was up.
They came by and picked it up...no hassle.
I stop by there now and then to check out their inventory because I know I will be upgrading the old piano I bought from my friend soon, and I will most likely get my piano here.

We got our first piano here, it comes with a six month play period and you can make payments on it.
We started with an upright and later upgraded to a baby grand.
This store lets you trade in the first piano you got from them for full credit of what you paid towards your new piano.
They also do financing.
Super happy with the end result.

If more companies were run as well as My First  Piano,the world would be a much better place.
I've actually gotten 4 pianos from Josh & Co. Everyone working there - from the fantastic office staff to the best piano movers in the southwest to the pair of awesomely talented piano tuners - LOVES music and honors the piano as a special and sacred instrument.
They know their stuff and will never steer you wrong.
I've also dealt with the other piano dealers in Phoenix.
While they may boast higher-end product in their inventory their arrogance and lack of human interaction skills (not to mention highway robbery in the finance department)  make MPF the go-to guys ok the valley.
They rule!!

The people at My First Piano were extremely helpful and knowledgeable when it came to selecting a piano for my son.
They went out of their way to deliver piano when I needed it.
Overall I would highly recommend them to anyone who is looking to purchase a piano!

Luke and his team at My First Piano are great to work with.
They are very knowledgeable and we always felt like they had our best interest in mind.
This is a great business model that makes piano purchases more manageable.
If you're in the market for a piano, I highly recommend these guys!

