On the same road as a number of other takeaway option I was surprised when this place opened up, it has a lot of competition.
It seems to be holding its own at the moment and for good reason.
The food here is the epitome of cheap and cheerful.
They aren't winning any prizes for originality but they serve all the staples you need from a takeaway at really good prices.
Chips £1.50  Pizza £3.50  Wraps £4.50  Burgers £3.50   The guys who work here are friendly and chatty and while it might not win prizes for food originality it's a pretty original name for a takeaway.
Che Guevara's face adorns the sign outside and there is a timeline of photos on the red walls inside.I have no idea what the reason behind it was but if you have always wanted to get chips from a communist takeaway this is the place for you!

Why this place is called Che Takeaway I just don' t know.
Maybe the owners are Cuban.
Maybe they genuinely do respect the Argentinian revolutionary so much that  when they opened their (fairly new) takeaway they had one man they just had to honour.
Or maybe this is the last step in a long road of a highly ironic exploitation of Guevara's famous image, for the purpose of selling stuff.
Icons sell, even icons of left wing guerrilla fighters.
Anyway you will find some more Che imagery inside, besides that this place just sells pizzas and chips.
It's all pretty cheap and standard, certainly not terrible.
At over £4 the wraps are a bit expensive but expect to pay less for everything else.
The staff are find and overall the place isn't bad.
I don't imagine while Che fought his last battle in the Bolivian jungle he ever imagined his face would go on to sell greasy burgers.
Other than his face and a time line of his life inside, there isn't really anything about what this takeaway that pertains to Che .
The food isn't Cuban, or Argentinian, it certainly isn't revolutionary.

I can't make the connection to Che and food, and this place certainly ain't selling traditional Cuban cuisine.
Nevertheless, it's a perfectly amiable little takeaway if you're looking for some quick grub before uni or work.
Selling cheap pizzas, panini's and some hot and cold drinks, it's more affordable than some of the takeaways littered around this area.
There are some student deals available - if my memory serves me right students either get 10% off at lunchtime or a free cup of tea when they buy a meal.
Perhaps someone should clarify that but I do distinctively remember being gutted I was no longer a student when I was ordering some late lunch out of here.
Food is pleasant enough.To be honest I thought this place looked a wee bit tacky from the exterior, but the food is of a better quality than I expected.
Staff are friendly, and if you can get past the fact that pictures of Che loom over you as you place your order it's perfectly decent!

Palestinian Kebab shop open until late.
Nice lamb shawarma after a night out.
Never tried anything else.

This is definately my favourite late night take away for a falafel/hummous wrap.
I have been coming here since it opened a few years ago and it never disapoints.
One of the afore mentioned wraps is a whole pile of food £3.80 at the moment for a monster wrap and chips.
I dont eat chips so cannot comment on those, my friends normally fall heir to those.
The staff and owner are always friendly and place is as you would expect from a late night kebab joint I guess... clean and functional.
Items other than the falafel I have tried:  - they do some really nice Palestinian tea, well work a try - the pizzas were nice  - salad boxes are great and really good value - my friends seem to really enjoy the kebabs here.
Tried a bit once here and it was good, but I am not really down with that shaved elephant leg stuff to be honest.
No idea why it is called Che, but I am now going to ask the owner the next time i see him.

My absolute favorite Shawarma shop in the city.
Even better then some of the shawarmas I had in the middle east.
Its another little hole in the wall but looks can be deceiving .
I am a regular here every week and all the gentlemen who work there know exactly what I want.
The lamb and chicken shawarmas are perfect to accompany a nice ice cold pint at home if you do take away which I do.
I am sure all the other wraps and falafels and whatnot are just as amazing as the shawarmas.
I recommend this place to all the college kids who live around the area of frequent the pubs around the area.
You get a student discount and one shawarma will fill you up for the whole day saving your wallet.

Lovely chicken shawarma - I couldn't believe how much I got for my money the last time I was in.
I just wish they had a few more diet drinks on offer.

My FAVORITE late night place in Edinburgh.
I always got a shawarma but also quite enjoyed getting chips, cheese and meat.
I should also probably note that I was a little, um, "under the influence" whenever I went to Che.
NONETHELESS, it's still a great late night kebab place.
Also, it's a Che Guevara-themed kebab shop in Scotland.
If that doesn't entice you, I don't know what else will.

