Whoever decided to open another branch of Iman's just a five minute walk from my flat is my new best friend.
Whilst threre's no denying that Newington has more curry places than it really needs, this one is definitely a keeper.
Usually I'm wary of places that offer too many different things to choose from on the menu, as it usually means that it's not going to be particularly fresh.
But in this case, it just means I'll always be able to try something new the next time I come here or order a takeaway.
So far, my current favourite is the Tikka Madras Korma.
Creamy and almondy like a Korma, but with some kick to it at the same time thanks to the Madras, what's not to love?
And at roughly £7, depending on which meat you have it with, it's not going to break the bank either.
Next time I'll be trying their Salmon Punjab Curry, which is marinated overnight according to the menu...  My one criticism though, is that they also offer pizzas.
But although this gives the impression of lacking authenticity, the curries are so good that I'll forgive them.

Walking into Iman's you get a kind of fast foody feel to the place.
Everything is clean, modern and easily wipeable for a quick turnover.
Don't let this put you off though, the food here is excellent.
Iman's is primarily a curry house but has other options if curry is not your preferred meal of choice.
They do a good range of pizzas (about £4.50 for a 12" and £6.50/7.00 for a 16"), especially the meat bonanza.
Also the grill serves some great meat, with steaks, chops, kebabs and Indian dishes all on offer.
The Indian food is great, they have a huge selection of starters, mains and sides.
The menu can be a bit intimidating at first as there is so much food but it is all spread out into easily readable sections.
The srarters are reasonably priced, and surprisingly filling, with my favourite being the ginger and cinnamon king prawns (£3.95).
The first time I came here I had the chicken reshmi kebab which was refreshingly not dried out and well spiced.
The second time I opted for a curry and went for one of the specialities, which I would definitely recommend.
The chilli garlic ((£7.95) was really hot but brilliantly flavoured, definitely one of the better curries I've had in Edinburgh.
The service was friendly, all the staff seem very keen to accommodate you, but there seems to be a certain element of in and out going on.
The place is great, but sometimes just seems a little bit too fast foody for my liking.
But don't let this put you off, the food is really good and if you live around Newington definitely pop in.

There's not a whole lot to say about Imans.
They don't know how to use an apostrophe, I can say that much.
It's a great big new curry house in Newington whose full title is actually 'Imans grill - A taste of Punjab'.
Inside it's fairly tastefully decked out.
The tables and chairs are a nice, understated dark wood, there's nothing crazy going out.
It's the outside that gets me.
The sign is an enormous what looks like leopard print, and it's got big banners everywhere.
Just has the look and feel of a tacky place.
Onto the food, then.
The selection here is enormous.
They've all different types of curries to cater to all tastes.
They even have a British section.
Why the hell would you go to a curry house for an omelette?
Who does that?!
Anyway, the curry I had (Lamb Saag) was OK. Not terrible, but not mind blowing.
Just OK.
I reckon this place would be great to take a huge group to, it's bigger than the batcave.

I've been to the one in Bruntsfield as well as on Nicholson Street, and both have been excellent.
Definitely a step up from other Indian restaurants, and the decor and atmosphere is inviting in addition to friendly staff.
I've had Chicken Tikka Biryani, a specialty Punjabi dish (can't remember the name) as well as tasted others' meals and everything has been great.
Also, it's BYOB which cuts down on the price of the bill and is a fun time to get together with friends.
I'd recommend this place to anyone!
Although I've been told it's not authentic, I've never been to India so I don't know what is.
But it tastes good to me!

