I love breakfast and Dessie's does breakfast very nicely.
A brand new spot painted in lovely pastel colors, think of a gorgeous Easter Basket and that is the inviting interior of Dessie's.
They get 3.5 stars.
We arrived on a Saturday and took a seat and were met with quite a few breakfast items, namely eggs, pancakes, waffles, bacon and sausage.
Nothing outlandish, just simple American comfort foods.
I ordered the Eggs Benedict which was truly the most exotic item on the menu.
The eggs were hard and the hollandaise sauce was a bit bland and not velvety more lumpy.
The hashbrowns were fantastic.
My husband had the pancakes and he said they were excellent.
Overall, a very sunshiny breakfast spot.

I waited at least a month after Dessie's opened - I thought they would work out kinks etc.
So I went on a Sunday morning.
I walked in the ambiance seemed very nice - typical breakfast place, cute.
The first thing I noticed was people waiting (which was okay) but many un-cleared tables - I understand that when people leave it takes a few minutes, but some of these table were still un-cleaned after 5 minutes.
So far not a very good start.
We were finally seated, I ordered a very simple breakfast - eggs - over medium, ham and hash browns - sourdough toast and a small juice.
My friend ordered chicken fired steak w/gravy, scrambled eggs and whole wheat toast.
He specifically asked that the hash browns be crispy.
We waited a reasonable amount of time and they brought the food.
My eggs were not even close to being medium, extremely runny.
They put the hash browns on the wrong plates - (we switched them ourselves - agin not biggie)  Here's the part that gives this the lowest review.
The Hash Browns were compeltely tasteless, The ham was way too think and undercooked - IO opened the packet of strawberry preserves and ti had separated and had a brownish ring around the package.
Not to mention the previously mention runny eggs.
I also had to ask for the orange juice - something that should have come before the meal.
My friends' scrambled eggs were cold.
The chicken fried steak was over an inch thick - any one who has ever had chicken fried steak knows that anything over a 1/4 inch think is just too much.
Not only was it way to thick but it was tough - he really needed a sharp steak knife.
They do have a discount for over 60 10% off, but $23 (with the discount was way too much for mediocre food - at best)    Go around the corner to Bongo's - same shopping center - their breakfasts are huge and prices are better and the food is extraordinary - even the most complicated requests are followed perfectly ( eggs over medium - are actually done medium) and soo delicious.
I would think twice about eating here, unless mediocre is what you like.
I personally will not go back.
I saw people with kids, but as I did not come with any kids - it is hard for me to review if it is kid-friendly

Nice little spot for breakfast.
NOT FOR PARTIES WITH OVER 4 PEOPLE!
the food was pretty good and the prices are cheap.
Most of of the food had a frozen taste though.
I would go back occasionally.

Not too shabby!
We've been there a few times.
Seems as though they may have had an issue with the cook not paying attention once or twice to the special requests that had been written on our orders, but the friendly server always takes good care of us.
Very reasonable prices, simple menu and very close to home.

Decent Breakfast Joint.
Finally got around to stopping by for breakfast with my boy.
A bit of confusion getting a table at first but finally got to sit down.
I had the huevos rancheros which where pretty good.
Link sausage were big and tasty.
My son had some sides but the hash browns were a little under cooked.
Juice could have been a bit colder too.
$29 after tip seemed like a bit much for two of us for breakfast and they guy cleaning the tables could have trimmed beard and tucked in boxers but overall not too bad.

Good breakfast for sure!!
Buuuut the service.
Omg.
Terrible!!
Asked 2 times for a straw, water, a spoon and fork were dirty, one of the servers petted a dog and idk if she washed her hands... Then what blew my mind was a server has a cut on their finger and blood was exposed!!
Will not be going back and would not tell somebody to visit.

You have to love independent restaurants.
Cozy, good decor, nice omelettes.
I'll be back.

Stopped in with a friend 2/23/12 for breakfast.
It was bright, clean and not busy at 9am.
Wait staff was prompt and very nice.
Coffee and water continually filled.
My friend had a 'German Pancake" and liked it very much.
It came out hot and the extra powdered sugar we requested was quickly brought out.
I had a basic ham and cheese omelet with shredded hash browns and it was large and cooked perfectly.
My only small complaint is that they put American cheese (probably by the slice) inside instead of stepping it up a bit with real Cheddar.
(Maybe there was an option but the waitress didn't ask and neither did I)   Absolutely worth another try.
I usually do breakfast like this on the weekends and like an option for a Bloody Mary but that is not available here.

I would give this place no stars if possible.
This review was a long time coming.
My first visit there, I decided to order take out.
The waitress, who was obviously inexperienced, ran my credit card for a bill totaling around $20.
Nothing major.
Definitely cheap prices, but quality of food reflects those prices.
The problem is, she entered a wrong number and ran my card for ~$820.
Apparently she "hit the wrong buttons".
Let me tell you, that meal is not worth $800!
So, I had to spend the entire day battling with these people to do the steps the bank needed to correct it THAT day.
They expected me to wait a week for the problem to "resolve itself".
I'm sorry, but an $800 screw up needs to be taken care of the MOMENT it happens.
Not a "it will resolve itself" thing.
I was given a half-hearted apology, and that is it.
Despite that, I said I would give this place a second shot, using CASH only.
Everyone screws up and I am sure they were frustrated as well.
Second visit was also take out.
Meal was just as inexpensive.
The food was terrible.
Tasted cheap, but the worst part was how they handled the second screw up.
They gave me the correct number of boxes of food, however, in one box was an omelette, the other was the side.
They completely forgot an entree that I had paid for!
I called them up and was met with a "I know I gave it to you" answer.
After a lengthy battle (I even offered a picture) and terrible customer service, they said to come back and they would give me the other meal.
It was horribly made, burnt, and obvious they did not care about the customer.
Who I would assume is the owner came out to give me my food, was extremely rude, and offered me a "10% off your next food purchase" card.
Needless to say, it'll never be used.
My experience is rude service, terrible food, and consistent screw ups.
If this place at least accepted blame in their problems, I could've given them a better score, but instead, they insisted that these were MY problems and that I would have to deal with them.
Ultimately, it is not about the customer.
For less I've had offers of free meals (that I've declined) from quality places.
It's not about getting the free meal though.
It's about accepting blame and being sincere in your apology when you screw up.
This place had NO ability to do so.
I am still in shock over how they treated these issues and I was lucky to have a BANK that was willing to get their error corrected right away.
I still had a second charge (they ran the card a second time for the correct amount and THEN told me they screwed up the first time) from them, so they got their money for that meal.
I ensured I retained all information on that in case they ever deny it being a false charge and try to steal the money from me.
I wouldn't put it past a place like that.
My recommendations: Go somewhere else.
However, if you are looking forward to trying this place, bring cash and don't expect much.

Had the famous German pancakes, highly recommended!
Great service!

We come here for breakfast regularly and are never disappointed.
Service is ok, some times better than others but food is always great and well priced.

I've been here at least 10 times ...
I like it ... but its not my favorite.
I always get the spanish omelette egg whites without chorizo because I don't eat meat.
Once the chef forgot and put it in and I could hear him swearing from my table when he had to remake it.
The wait staff are all very friendly, but seem a bit overwhelmed keeping up with drink refills.
Once my omelette came out scrambled instead of an omelette because the chef says its too hard to make an omelette out of egg whites ... which I've gotten the other 9 times.
They are a mom and pop restaurant and I sometimes think they feel like it's ok to do it there way rather then the customers way.
All in all though, with the exception of those 2 times, the food has always been great - they grill their english muffins on the griddle and let me tell you - those are awesome!

I went to Dessie's once.
REALLY wanted to love it because its right across the street from me.
I ordered the normal eggs, hash towns, and bacon.
Maybe restaurants just can't do much to make the meal great?
I dunno.
It was average.
Te hash towns really were tasteless.
I'm going to try this place again and perhaps order something else.
I want to support this spot since its a locally owned...family oriented place.
Ill be back and re-rate :)

I love this place!
The food is delicious, my kids love it, and the service is always top-notch even when we come in right before closing.
The only thing that I don't love is the prices, but maybe I'm just being picky.
I hate paying that much money for breakfast, but it is really good.

Wow, almost hate to do this but I've eaten here many times.
The cook seems to have a real attitude.
The wait staff are very pleasant as is the owner and his family.
Today, I found crushed egg shells in my German pancake and the cooks response was: " there's a lot of eggs that go into them so that will happen".
Not the reply I was expecting.
This , unfortunately , was not the first time that I found something" other than"in my food.
The last time it was hair.
I doubt I'll be returning anymore.

Very tasty & affordable breakfast.
Loved the bacon.
The waitress was very nice.

Another breakfast place I hadn't tried on Ray!
I am glad they added an "Open" sign on the reflective sun screening on the windows.
It was hard to tell if the place was actually serving people or not as you drive by so I had skipped stopping in a few times before I tired it.
The place is a bit like a "Momma's Family" episode as I think they lifted the design from the set.
Our waitress was exceptionally nice and recommended the German Style Pancakes.
I am pretty sure I have never had one before, but it's way different than the normal pancakes served for breakfast.
It's a cross between a soufflé, pancake, and crepe.
It's delicious and you don't feel like you have eaten way too much after downing it all with your coffee.
I recommend stopping by and trying one.
Try:  - German Pancakes

The picture for the German pancake  at Dessie's Cafe does not do it any justice.
My pancake was was limp and had too much butter for my liking.
It was also not as large as I'm accustom to.I have had better ones at the Village Inn.
My wife had a breakfast burrito without meat.
She substituted spinach.
She enjoyed it very much.
Not overly busy for a Saturday morning.
If I were in the neighborhood again I would go back but I wouldn't make a special trip like I would to any of my favorite restaurants.

It was a super hot day when we went here and it was uncomfortably hot inside as well.
There were only 3 tables seated and yet it took forever for us to get our drinks, refills and food.
I don't eat pork and often have to special order menu items without bacon.
NOTHING angers me more than when places forget while making the food and then pull the bacon off before serving which is what obviously happened here.
I had to dissect my wrap in order to remove bits of bacon and could taste it in every bite.
Totally ruined my meal.
I doubt we'll be back.

Appears they edit Facebook reviews.
So much for playing fair.
I was honest and will be here as well.
Had breakfast a few weeks ago.
Not unhappy but not overly impressed either.
I was expecting a bit more perhaps?
The food was no better or worse than some of the name locations in larger stores.
Kinda sad really as they could be something different.
Food was served hot, yet had no real redeeming qualities to it.
Same old things you'd find elsewhere: hash browns were cooked but dry and had no real taste.
Seems seasoning is not in their ways.
Eggs on the benny were ok, a bit over cooked, but I'm"m good with that.
The Hollandaise was most likely canned or a mix.
(I cooked for years and I know how to make it correctly) and did the job.
Again nothing special.
In short the food was ok, albeit bland.
Not exactly a calling card restaurant.
The staff is very young and a bit too childish for a good presentation.
Every table being referred to as "you guys" and verbiage of "like" added to about every sentence might be ok for the 20 something bar scene but it's not in a good restaurant.
I support the notion of teen labor and all (I was one) but professionalism is part of what a customer pays for  and this place really lacks that.
I give it three stars as "average".
I can think of many other places I'd go first but I do wish to support the small mom and pot stores also.
That being said; mom and pop need to step up their game or we'll patronize the other places.

Great traditional breakfasts (over-medium eggs and toast) and and some of the best pancakes I've had in awhile.

Awesome friendly place!
I had the veggie omelet and it was so freaking good because I never eat omelettes.
They have awesome water bowls for dogs!
Patio is pretty big!
They had a special going on and I need to try it next.
It was deep fried French toast with an orange glaze!
Def good food for your money!

It has a hole in the wall feeling to it, but dont be scared, it's good.
It can be good or bad service depending on who is serving here that day.
Would actually give the place 3.5 stars.
You have to be ok with the cook who randomly plays music in the kitchen that you can hear in the dining room such as Metallica.
Lucky for their asses Enter Sandman actually made my florentine omelette taste delicious!

I went there for breakfast a few weeks ago and had the most perfect bacon, egg and cheese sandwich.
The bacon was great quality and crispy and the English muffin was toasted so well that it had a crunch.
Very reasonable prices.
I really enjoyed my meal and I am super picky.
Great job!

Several years ago on Mom's Day we had a terrible customer service moment.
I wrote the owner never to hear a word.
Hadn't gone back since although walking distance from home.
Today thought what the heck we will go up, order and take home.
This time not rude, but just disorganized, no thought on true customer service, & order was wrong.
Clearly 1 employee was not happy (not at us).
Food is ok & wish the order had been correct, but no point saying anything based on lack of response from owner previously.
Popular place, but we don't have many like it close by.
Customer centered competition would probably break this place.
I'm a business owner as well & customer service is #1 even if you can't do something they want.
Handle it with respect.
Have a smile on your face (or get another job elsewhere).
I think small business success is great, but really sad that after so many years nothing has changed!
It starts with the owner.

Was a bit skeptical based on previous reviews however decided to give it a try and am glad I did.
Had breakfast there and was pleasantly surprised .
Eggs cooked perfectly...not brown and dry as most places in the valley.
Very accommodating with substitutions and even decaf coffee as good.
I'll be back...

Good quality breakfast.
Just had the eggs and bacon with hash, but all were done pretty well.

Place was alright.
Nothing spectacular.
Service was good - everyone was very attentive and food comes out super quick.
The person I was with got the special - the dirty Sanchez - which was biscuits and gravy on top of eggs and hash browns all covered with adobo sauce and cheddar cheese.
Not the prettiest presentation but he ate it up and loved all of the flavors.
I Got the two egg breakfast - originally came out with a big black hair in the eggs which I noticed immediately.
The waitress apologized and returned about two minutes later with "a whole new plate.
"  Seems hard to believe that they were able to do redo everything in that amount of time but whatever, I ate it.
I didn't complain at all but I feel as though something else could have been done considering the situation - perhaps a discount or make my coffee free or a gift card so I would give them another shot.
I don't plan to return but I may have if the workers were more apologetic.
Other than this the potatoes were quite bland but palatable after adding some hot sauce.
Positive note - eggs were cooked exactly as I had ordered them (over easy) with perfectly runny yolks and the wheat bread is very tasty with lots of seeds and grains.
However, considering the bigger picture I will probably not return.

I walked in and there were two employees just laying on the bench...
They looked like they haven't showered or washed there clothes in weeks, I was tempted to just leave but stayed anyways, the food was okay... Won't be going back.

