Picture Show at Paradise Valley Mall is worth the trip!
I was thrilled to hear that Paradise Valley Mall had reopened their movie theater so I checked out a new release this past Sunday at their 11:45 showing.
Picture Show is on the north side of Paradise Valley Mall right by the food court.
The mall has a nice two story parking structure right outside of the food court so parking is really easy.
You enter the theater and pay for your ticket at an the customer service desk.
There is no glass between you and the customer service representative like at the big chains and I liked that!
My 11:45 showing only cost $5.00!
I am not sure how much the movie is after noon so I say save a few bucks and go before noon.
The receipt the representative gives you is your ticket so don't just stuff it in your pocket.
I walked further into the theater and approached the concession stand.
They have all the standard stuff - popcorn, candy, drinks - all at typical prices but they also had a hot dog for $1.00!
I had to buy one since it was so cheap and let me tell you, it was yummy!
You butter your own popcorn (WHICH IS SO AWESOME) at the end of the concession stand.
They don't have cheap drink refills here.
I hope that changes.
This theater takes your ticket after the concession stand and it was kind of hard to juggle popcorn, my drink and the $1.00 hot dog while fishing out my ticket.
I wound up spilling a little popcorn because of this.
I think they should move the ticket taker and put them before the concession stand.
It would certainly keep the messes down, LOL.
Inside the theater they have new super-comfy leather-like seats that recline.
Watching my movie was so comfy!
Those seats are so nice!
The theater was average and the screen size was just right.
The sound was great too.
I highly recommend this theater.
I give it four stars.
Yay!
I'm a fan.
If they start offering cheap drink refills I just may have to change my rating to five stars.
Check Picture Show out.

I went and checked out this theater last Saturday night and was pleasantly surprised!
I remember going to the Harkins that was there as a kid, and it seemed fine, but that was before the days of stadium style seating.
Picture Show has added the stadium seating and has really nice black, leather chairs that lean back quite a bit.
The theaters are small, but I would call them more boutique size, as the screen is still plenty big and with a nice, clear picture.
The popcorn was decent, but like all movie theaters, the concessions are very overpriced....it was $10 for a medium popcorn and 2 medium drinks, and let's just say the medium drink was about the size of a free water cup at McDonalds!
Although, I do think it would be fairly easy to just stop by the food court first and then bring your food into the theater....so I am giving them some points for that.
Movies are $9 which I think is comparable to Harkins and AMC, and they do have all the new releases when they come out, so it is not a discount theater by any means.
It also wasn't crowed, which gives them big points in my book...I hate being squished in like sardines!
I hope this sticks around, especially because there aren't really any other theater options in the immediate area.

Nice theater with reclining seats, also since this theater is not even a year old it's not prone to crowds.
While I like this  not being crowed and having my pick of the best seats; I do want them to stay in business so go check them out especially since the first films of the day are always $5.

Well the theater is a little small for my taste....but look nothing beats the nice reclining seats...friendly staff.... and no huge crowds to deal with even for "New" movie openings.
The wife and I always go here on Sunday's for the early shows of the day because they are only 5 bucks and we have a wonderful time.
We have seen "Thor", "The Green Hornet", "Brides Maids and "The Hangover 2" to name just a few....this year alone for that 5 dollar price.
The best part again is it is within walking or a bike ride from our apartment complex....it is great....and I am glad the folks at PV mall brought the theater back.
Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!

Great place to see a show.
Prices are the best around, and it's never too crowded.

Visited this hidden gem on a Sunday night.
The biggest downfall is that, if you are not familiar with PV mall, it is so hard to find!
There are virtually no signs in the parking lot of the entire mall telling you where the theater is.
The best way is to park on the bottom floor of the parking garage, and the closest entrance will lead you straight to the theater.
The prices are here are some of the cheapest around - and why pay more to see the same movie?
When I was there I bought two hot dogs, a bottled water, and a large soda and only spent around $8.
AWESOME compared to some of the bigger movie theaters.
Seats are comfy, usually isn't very crowded, and staff is friendly.
Definitely recommended!

Sunday Shows b4 noon only $5~$1 hot dogs & $9.50 for Combo#2 w/free refills~ GREAT DEALS!
A BIG THANK U 2 Mark @concessions; he's "THE MAN"!

Picture show has its upsides and its downsides.
It's a smaller theater, so they can only show 6-7 movies at once.
However, the theaters are super comfy and have a lot of leg room between seats!
Tall people rejoice!
Unfortunately, the lights illuminating the pathways in the theater are so bright they are distracting.
It felt like someone was shining a light in my eyeballs the whole movie!
Not cool.
The prices are pretty average, but only $5.50 for students, so dig out your old high school ID and trick them by wearing your retainer or something.
Park in the parking garage and walk through the food court to get there!

I concur with the reviews that this is a 'hidden gem' among theaters - specifically "mainstream" movie theaters, i.e., more likely to be playing a sequel or kids movie.
So, you really can't compare it to a Filmbar or  Camel-*gag*cough,cough*gag*-view because they don't show major studio-financed movies that get called "indie" (as opposed to major studio-financed movies that don't get the hipster designation -- if none of what I just stated makes any sense to you, then you probably don't go to movies that often to care about the diff.
) Accordingly, you can't judge Picture Show by Filmbar standards if one theater shows crap - albeit big-bugeted, undeniably entertaining crap - and the other theater shows Cinema with a capital "C." Ok?
No comparison.
However, there is a reasonable criticism to be made vis a vis the concession stand being situated in the lobby, but before the entrance of the theaters.
As in: First, you get the tickets - secondly, you get the popcorn and soda - and thirdly, you hand your ticket to the ticket-taker.
I don't know why no other Yelp review has pointed this out, but that really isn't the "norm" for *any* moving picture exhibitor.
There's also a reasonable criticism to be made that their popcorn tastes like it was popped out of a microwaveable bag.
It tastes better than AMC's popcorn (constipation alert there), but not as good as Harkin's popcorn.
So, be careful about getting a large popcorn: stick with small or medium.
I'm in the "Yay!
I'm a fan" category.

I bought a coupon deal online  as I got 2 tickets, 2 drinks and a big Ole' boy of popcorn.
Free refills on drinks and popcorn which was the best.
The popcorn isn't too buttery but just the right amount as I had many hand fulls.
I do agree , this place is hard to find in the mall.
Park in the parking garage or find the  food court.
The theater was clean but the stall in the bathroom could of used a little sprucing up.
Overall,  this place had great customer service.

I never knew this movie theater existed.
I mean I don't frequent paradise valley mall that often, and when I go, I have tunnel vision as I go straight to the stores I need to go to and get the heck out of there.
So when Travelzoo had their movie special ( two tickets, 1 large popcorn and two large drinks for $15), I couldn't pass it up.
The theater is small but very quaint.
The seats are EXTREMELY comfortable and they kinda recline.
How cool is that.
Plus the best part?
the staff are super duper friendly.
A huge win in my book.
I will definitely be going back to this cute little hidden gem of a theater.

Any criticism of the Picture Show is far outweighed by the reasonable concession prices-  and i think even a little cheaper than others at the box office!
It makes a family movie reasonable and I have never encountered a friendlier, service-oriented staff at a movie theater!
They offer you boxes to share the big refillable tub of popcorn and offer to help you to seats if your hands are too full.
There was even an employee who wasn't working that saw I would have a hard time opening the door into my theater and she detoured from her show to help me in the door to mine!
I'm always loyal to local businesses and in Phoenix that means i try to frequent Harkins.
While I don't really know the corporate structure of Picture Show it feels family-run and I LOVE IT!

Picture Show is like a boutique movie theater, I love it!
Fairly small and quaint.
The staff are uber friendly and the theater is neat and clean.
I like the not so big box office-ness of The Picture Show.
Easy to park at PV Mall too.

Any time I plan to go to the movies, I try to find a time at Picture Show that works for me.
Even though, it's located at PV Mall, it is far less crowded than the bigger theatres.
Also, because it is at the mall, there are plenty of places in the area to grab a quick bite to eat before or after the movie.
Ticket prices are less expensive.
Concession prices are more reasonable (still up there, but more doable).
I especially like all the room that I get in the actual theater.
The seats are comfy and I don't feel cramped.
Since there is less foot traffic, the staff is always friendly and I often strike up a brief conversation with them before going into the theater.
So, next time you want to go to the movies, give this one a go.
You will not regret it.

I've been here less than 5 days and have already seen two movies here - Spideman and Savages.
Great seats and quality screens with good sound, plus not as crowded as the majority of trendy theaters in Phoenix/Scottsdale.
Lighting could use a little work and the staff could be a bit more efficient, but these are minor quibbles.
Ticket prices are a veritable bargain, particularly for matinees and with parking readily available plus a location less than 1 mile from my current apartment I'll certainly be back soon.

"Stay away...because I want this theater all to myself"  Friendly customer service.
And concessions are reasonable.
Great place to avoid the crowd.
Seats are comfortable.
You'll be surprised because it is not one of the big chain theaters in town.
Seams like an vintage theater from the outside, but quite modern on the inside.
If you find this useful, funny, or cool please check accordingly.

I used to work here back when it was a Harkins.
It's way better now.
Comfortable, friendly, laid-back.
Kind of decorated in a golden age of hollywood style.
I dig it.

The seating is very comfortable and it is very close to my house.
I like this place.

I love Picture Show, its the best thing about Paradise Valley Mall!
You don't have to spend a months salary because their ticket and concession stand prices are extremely reasonable and the cheapest in town.
The theaters themselves are clean and small, but you still get stadium seating with fluffy cushions, and they are never crowded.
Its also fun to go to Fuzziwigs Candy Factory (a candy by the pound store) and get some unique sweets to munch on between between handfuls of yummy popcorn.
Another Yelper had mentioned to park by the food court/carousel parking garage, which I agree, but you can also park by Macy's and cut through the department store to get to the theater.
Picture Show is a hidden gem, no long lines - ever.
You always get to see the movie you want, when you want, and ticket prices always put a smile on my face.
Five shiny stars, but don't come here...I want it all to myself!

Awesome theatre in a great location!
There ticket prices are the most reasonable in town!
Very conveniently located in PV Mall so you can see a move AND shop all in one stop!

Just saw iron man 3 in 2d... Great movie, below average theater.
Popcorn was bland and too salty.
The picture was out of alignment making it display Like a crooked letterbox presentation.
Sound system was severely lacking and didn't even come across as true surround.
Seats were comfortable but I'd rather watch a blu ray at home than go to a theatre with a/v no better than a dollar theater.
Won't be back.

Theater is nice.
Employees are kids and they could care less if you are there or not.
Seats and inside are good.
It's 108 outside and the A/C inside would go from cool to warm, never cold.
Entry prices are very reasonable.
Concessions are run of the mill theater pricing.

I hate to brag about this place because I want it all to myself and my husband but we love this place!
They honor the Harkins drink cup.
Their prices are cheaper than other theaters and it's never to crowded.
The screen is high def and nice leather reclining chairs.
There is nothing bad about this place.

Great prices and great stadium seating

Very small theater- but very inexpensive tickets and snacks.
This place is usually empty, yet regularly get's the latest blockbusters.
I'm a big fan, but if it came to a blockbuster action masterpiece like Dark Knight, I would head elsewhere to an Imax or larger screen.

Why would I pay $10 for a movie when I can come here at pay $8?
I can always get a good seat and the concession stand prices are great.
I remember coming here when I was in grade school before it was stadium style.
I think it was a Harkins back then.
Anyway, love Picture Show and it is the closest movie theater to my house.

Favorite place to see a flic!
Love this place!
Cozy, very friendly and not crowded!!!

