We tried out this place for the 1st time a couple of weeks ago.
It was a crazy night of football practice & I had already fed our kids earlier in the evening so hubby picked up our food after the kids were in bed.
Scanning their menu online, I noticed that they have a "Casual Dining" menu where the prices ranged from $5-$18.
Then there was the "Fine Dining" menu where the prices were much higher ($6-$38) We chose items from the Casual Dining menu since this was our 1st time trying them out.
I ordered the Pork Chop entree ($15) My Husband ordered the Shrimp & Scallop pasta ($15)  We also ordered the Crab Cake appetizer to share ($13)  The crab cakes were a big disappointment.
I thought that for $13 we were going to get some great crab cakes!
The crab was barely noticeable, almost like it was just ground up into whatever else was in the cake instead of it being in chunks throughout the cake.
The cake was so mushy, they literally fell apart while trying to dish them up.
It also tasted pretty oily, like they didn't wait for the pan to get hot enough before putting them in.
The end result was a mushy cake that absorbed a lot of the oil instead of getting a nice crust.
The description said it came with field greens & that is exactly what they mean.
It was literally a pile of field greens, no garnish of any kind.
A couple of grape tomatoes, cucumber or red onion would have been nice.
The Balsamic Hazelnut dressing they included with the field greens was quite nice but the "Lime-Coriander Aioli" for the cakes was more like mayo with a very subtle lime flavor, no coriander flavor at all even though there were green specks in it.
My pork chop was good but a little overcooked.
The lady that took our order had asked how I wanted it cooked & I had asked for medium.
It was much closer to well-done.
It did have a nice flavor but I did not detect the rosemary or garlic it said it was marinated in.
Kind of a disappointment since I love anything marinated in rosemary & garlic!
The description said it came with smashed red potatoes & vegetables in an herb butter.
The potatoes were actually the yukon gold variety which I didn't mind b/c red potatoes aren't my favorite.
The potatoes & vegetables were good, but very basic, nothing unique about them.
Hubby's entree was according to him, "a little bland" He said that it just seemed to be missing some depth of flavor.
The scallops were the smaller size which was a disappointment.
For a $15 entree, we were expecting much larger scallops.
In addition, both the shrimp & scallops were a touch overcooked.
It was also a pretty small portion.
I'm not completely writing off Cafe Provence.
They are a local  business here in Anthem that I would love to support but I can't say that I will be rushing back anytime soon.
There was nothing in either of our meals that had us dying to go back b/c we just had to have more.
For the prices of the entrees, I guess I expected a little more ingenuity or "pizazz"   I wish them the best though & maybe on our next visit, we will try some of the fine dining menu options.

We decided to try Cafe Provance on a Monday night and we were hesitant because we had our 2 year old with us.
But we fidgured we would go ahead and try the casual dining side.
We peeked into the fine dining side, not really my thing.
Seemed a little stuffy, plus the prices are a lot higher.
Plus, the casual dining side has tvs, and it was Monday Night Football, so that was a huge bonus for my husband.
We started off with the calamari appetizer and the french onion soup.
Both were good, and the lemony sauce with tomatoes that the calamari came in was sooooo good.
My husband got the steak sandwich and fries, I got the talapia with smashed potatoes and carrots.
Same as the appetizers, good, but not amazing.
I do think mine was better than my husbands, the fish was cooked really well.
I also thought the potatoes and carrots were yummy.
Service was great and i like the overall atmosphere.
We will for sure go back, mainly because there is just not a ton of options in Anthem and everything was pretty good.

Love this place.
My husband and I go here often, and take our out-of-town visitors here too.
The atmosphere is great.
We've never had a bad dish.
There is a great selection for my 12 year old two.

Cafe Provence is now serving Sunday Brunch.
My husband and decided to try it this morning and it was fantastic.
We have never been to this restaurant, but it will surely become a regular place for us as we go out to breakfast most Sundays.
Prices were reasonable, food was fantastic, service outstanding.
The owner is super nice and attentive.
You can't go wrong with Cafe Provence.
I'm looking forward to trying their lunch and dinner menu soon, which both look fabulous!
Try it, you'll like it!

We dined on the "casual dining" side because I'm usually pretty uncomfortable in a formal setting.
First the positives:  The service here was excellent.
The waiting staff was very personable and attentive.
The decor was pleasant and comfortable and attempted to lean toward a French atmosphere... without being "too" French.
It was a very pleasant place to dine.
The food:  I had fish and my wife had scallops and shrimp with penne pasta in a tomato Parmesan sauce.
Her selection was much better than mine although it was still pretty unremarkable.
My fish was very plain and slightly overcooked.
For the price of the entrees here, I expected something exceptional.
I'm afraid I was a bit disappointed.
I gave Cafe Porvence only two stars because I expected more bang for my buck.
This restaurant can get pretty pricey if you order drinks, appetizers, main courses and desserts.
The food was not awful, but in my opinion it really wasn't worth the price.

such a distance from Phoenix/Scottsdale, it was good to find a place that had a great selection of delicious French entrees.
did a nice job for a special birthday dinner, including a custom cake for dessert.
wait staff was very attentive and understanding of our somewhat energetic kids.
but note that is the "fine dining side".
the "casual dining" side is more or less a nice version of a sports bar.
keep in mind when making reservations.

Greatest calamari in AZ!

Amazing food for a very reasonable price.
Their staff is great and their calamari is amazing!

Love this place!
The best French onion soup ever!
The staff is cool too!

We have eaten here several times and we have not been disappointed.
Let me preface this by noting that I have worked in Washington, DC for the last seven months and have dined at some wonderful eateries.
Cafe Provence can easily hold it's own with the best of the DC restaurants.
Tonight, we took my in-laws to dinner at CP.
I had the Dover Sole--superb.
My wife had the Dover Sole--same dish and just as superb.
My MIL had the Potato Encrusted Salmon and my FIL had the Veal Oscar.
The Salmon looked exquisite and tasted even better.
The Veal Oscar was delicious and freshly prepared since we heard them pounding the veal in the kitchen.
We did start the meal with the Calamari and it is some of the best Calamari we have ever eaten.
Dessert for the in-laws was Creme Brulee--unique and terrific.
Amy and I split the Spumoni.
If you have never had this ice cream delicacy, it is not to be missed.
We all left feeling very satisfied and gastronomically serene.
There is just no other restaurant in Anthem like CP.
There is a casual side and a fine dining side.
We are casual and order from the fine dining menu.
The best of all worlds.
Come here and eat.

First time I tried this place I was blown away.
Had a $20 steak that tasted like a $50 steak.
The next time I took some friends and they all enjoyed their meals but I was let down by their burger.
Went again and ordered the steak and it took forever and was nowhere near as good as the first one.
Willing to give them another shot based on first experience.
I just hope they have their act together.

I went to a luncheon at Cafe Provence and was very pleasantly surprised.
We have our standard staples restaurants that we usually go to when we dine out, and we'll be adding this one.
I had penne primavera because I'm vegetarian and that was the meatless selection for the luncheon.
It was really good!
They didn't skimp on the veggies like some places do, and the pasta was perfect, despite a large number of entrees that were prepared at the same time.
The ambiance was nice.
We were seated in the fine dining section, which is warm and intimate.
The casual dining section is also nice.
Our water glasses never went unfilled, and staff was attentive and professional.
I took a minute to look at both the casual dining and fine dining menus, and there was a really nice selection of things at reasonable prices.
The owner also informed me that I could modify anything on the menu and ask that it be cooked to order.
That's a big plus for me.
It was great to find that we don't have to venture out of Anthem to have a nice night out with good, fresh food and nice ambiance.

The food is outstànding!
What a terrific find!

Needed a place for a business associate, his family, my family, 4 adults and five kids altogether.
We went for the casual side because of the kids, and we were all very happy with the experience.
Kids meals were served up quick as we requested, adult meals were creative and perfectly cooked.
Service great - not too slow, not too fast, knowledgeable about the menu, etc.
I had braised lamb shank that came off the bone, awesome, and my wife's seafood dish wasn't overcooked like they do everywhere in Arizona.
Kids meals were good.
We had two $20 bottles of wine, and they let us slide on an out-of-date coupon for one of the bottles.
I would recommend this place for a date night, birthday, or whenever you're tired of the burgers-n-pizza that are on every corner up here in Anthem.

We wound up here after I completed the Anthem Holiday Triathlon because I was starving and cold.
We sort of had to get someone's attention when we walked in to be seated but once we had their attention, we were seated promptly.
The owner is very knowledgable and friendly and recommended we try a French beer that we had never had before.
It was a great suggestion and we really enjoyed it.
He chatted with us about this and that and was a really neat guy.
The menu is okay, pretty decent selection.
I went with the French dip because it just sounded good to me.
It was ok.
Nothing spectacular.
Husband had a burger that was better than my sandwich and I wish I'd had that.
Prices were a little high for what we got since the food was really just average or slightly above and once our food came, we really didn't get any more attention from anyone working there.
Overall, above average.

So let me start by saying that the 3 stars is not for quality of food or service.
Both in my mind were excellent.
However, I must say that I was a little disappointed with this place probably because my expectations were higher.
First off, why do they have 2 menus?
I get they are trying to be "different" but seriously I think the 2 menus just complicate things.
I get the sense that if Gordon Ramsey saw it as part of a "kitchen nightmares" episode he would not be pleased!
There were several items that seemed to be listed on both menus (some with different prices) which I thought was just insane.
I went here for the first time tonight and I've lived in Anthem for 3 years.
I started by having the Calamari Provencal.
It was excellent!
Deep fried in a somewhat creamy garlic and tomato sauce.
But here's my question, why is the Calamari $10 on one menu and $11 on the other?
Strange.
Next I had the French onion soup which was delicious.
For my entree I had the bistro steak sandwich.
Thin steak on a baguette with a garlic aioli sauce.
Excellent steak and the roll was nice and fresh.
So my biggest issue with this place is their 2 menus and the prices.
While the food was great, I though it was over priced, especially for Anthem.
I'd like to see a streamlined menu.

Second attempt at this restaurant and same poor service.
Staff was very slow to even recognize we were waiting at the hostess stand.
Finally a server noticed and we were seated.
Ten minutes went by and still no one came to greet us or get our drink order.
I doubt I'll be back if they can't get on the ball with basic restaurant skills.

We have tried Cafe Provence twice and loved it both times.
The food is great and the staff is friendly and attentive.
It's worth a try if you are in the area.
Best food in Anthem!

First time eating here yesterday.
The service was good, polite and willing to please.
I had the chicken sandwich my friend had the cafe salad.
My sandwich tasted good, the bread and fixings were fresh.
But, It's over priced for what you get.
Your paying for fancy plates and cloth napkins.

Spoke with the owner and he was very accomidating.
I will be visiting Cafe Provence often and would recommend highly to everyone who enjoys Italian/French food!

It seems this little restaurant tucked into a strip mall on Daisy Mountain Drive can't make up its mind whether it is a fine dining restaurant or a casual/bar restaurant.
It was quiet when we went there, but got busier as the night went on.
I imagine kids would be welcome because it's the kind of place where the TVs are on over the bar.
I would also like to caveat my review with saying that I'm not the kind of person to send my food back or complain in the restaurant.
Perhaps this is unfair to the owners and employees who seemed very pleasant and nice and consistently asked how everything was because it doesn't give them a chance to make it differently.
But I make my determinations based on the way the food comes out the first time.
My companion had a nice meal - the escargot and steak au poivre.
My meal was okay, but not fantastic.
The risotto was slightly undercooked and, while it had a good flavor, it was extremely mild.
If it weren't for the crispy shallots on top, it would have been virtually flavorless.
Next was the portobello ravioli which tasted good, the sauce was excellent and creamy and loaded with butter, just like good french cooking.
However, the temperature inside the ravioli was a little cool.
Desserts, I'm afraid were the biggest disappointment.
I love a good tiramisu.
It is my favorite dessert and it's Italian instead of French, but it was on the menu and I was told it was house made so I gave it a shot.
I was not impressed and I'm fairly certain the chocolate sauce draped over the top was regular old Hersheys.
The Strawberry Creme Brulee was also a little strange.
It wasn't set inside, but rather runny and lukewarm.
Overall it was definitely not the worst meal I've ever had, but I don't think I'll be going back.
For the price tag, I hoped for more.

Service: very attentive.
The young lady behind the bar was not a wine drinker so was not helpful in selecting wine.
i had the avocado salad and the mushroon ravioli.
the salad was delish, and the ravioli was a bit blad, but has potential.
pasta was al dente, and the sauce was lovely, but again, needed something... maybe groud pepper?
Or some fresh grated parmagiano?
truffle oil?
i was offered second glass of wine and pratically doted upon by all staff members on the floor.
the prices were a bit high, and the music was a little bit country, which did not match the decor.
they have local artist work on the walls which is gorgeous, but the ambiance does bot match the decor.
Visually, the place is very warm and lovely.
they miss the mark on total ambiance tho, as the ,usic, and energy level was very low.
I went in at 6:40 on a friday night and the place was empty and quiet, tho they have happy hour specials.
I think a little marketing and branding would go a very long way.
Its almost like they are not quite sure what they want to be, as pasrt of the place is a bar/casual restaurant, and the other is formal dining (empty).
I like the staff and owner and hope thye can find their place in Anthem, and discover a way to draw people in through promotions, great food, reasonable prices, and special ecents.

Just had a delightful lunch here.....can hoghly recommend the escargot, the salmon arugula salad, and the stuffed avocado salad.
Owner was delightful, and the food was delish!
We sat outside...a beautiful afternoon.
The only reason I did not give 5 stars was the traffic noise outdoors on the patio......maybe that isn't fair, but in another location this would be absolutely 5 stars.
Give them a shot....the service was friendly and quick too!
Enjoy!

Excellent food & service!
Actually ate here on 10/23/12.
We drive all over AZ and this is one of the best restaurants we have come across.
I had, by far, the most awe inspiring calamari appetizer ever (Calamari Provencal).
You will love it even if sea food is not your favorite.
The entrees were excellent and the owner took care to stop by to make sure all was well.
The ambiance was stylish, without being intimidating, and the staff was polite, helpful, and warm.
Be sure to save room for dessert; the dessert menu has something for all tastes.
Cafe Provence is right off I-17 & is a must stop if your route takes near Anthem, AZ.
Do not miss any chance you have to visit this little gem!

Wonderful food - the chef is superb!
We love the homemade soups and ice creams, portabello mushroom ravioli, seafood, thick and juicy pork chop - calamari  - we have never had a bad meal.
They have a more casual side and a fancier diningroom.
We had a fantastic New Year's dinner with piano music.
We love Cafe Provence for lunch, dinner or for a special event.
The only downside is that sometimes the service is slow but lately that has improved as well.
We moved outside the other night as a party of 10 with children sat nearby and we wanted a quiet meal - and it was enjoyable, too.

I had not been to this restaurant in a year.
I had given up on it.
A friend suggested it and neither of us had been in a long time because we were disappointed in the service and the quality of the food.
We really like to support local dining in Anthem.
Well, it deserves another chance.
We had a very good meal with excellent service tonight.
No complaints.
I was pleasantly surprised!
Yummy meal!
We will definitely return.

Amazing food , this place is the best french restaurant iv ever been to.
Its a great mix between fine dining and a casual relaxing environment.
The service was great i live in Scottsdale and drive out of my way to anthem just to eat there.

B-Day surprise for BF on Thursday night.
Manager (Sal?
) let me have the ENTIRE Formal Dining Room alone.
I chose a table in the center of the room, linen tablecloths, candles, balloons.
He put on the CD player for background music (you might bring your own music selections) Baby Grande piano in corner, I brought my own Happy Birthday PIANO CD music.
Happy Hour prices before 7pm.
I ordered Beef tips on mashed potatoes, very good.
Service was GREAT, used a coupon from a local magazine (also coupons on their website.
A Special thanks to SAL for making it a very special night!!

Thie is our favorite place to dine in Anthem.
The menu has plenty oaf variety, from.
Lighter more casual fare to full special dinners.
The wine list is really good and not too overpriced.
It's our go to restaurant for a nice meal out.

Its sad that this place has so much potential but it would take letting go of half their staff to make it work.... Gordon Ramsay needs to pay them a visit.
The food has always just been OK..but the service/hosting has been horrific all 3 times we have gone in to give their overpriced for what you get menu another chance.

I decided to go to this restaurant for lunch with my wife, a friend of ours and my grandson.
It was quiet only a few other people were there.
Before I start I would  like to say that I'm not the kind of person to send my food back or complain in restaurants.
The service was excellent.
Our waitress was attentive, polite and willing to please even with all the complaints we had.
But it was way over priced for what you get.
Lunch for the four of us with our entrees, four desserts  a ice tea and three cokes was $127.00 And this was with  two lasagnas taken off the bill.
*see below).
To start off my experience I ordered the ice tea.
It was old and tasted nasty.
So I sent it back.
I noticed a party next to us also sent their tea back as well.
Next was the dinner salad which my self and our guest ordered.
It was ok. My wife ordered the Caesar Salad, she thought it tasted odd so she did'nt eat it.
Next I had the French onion soup my wife had the corn chowder both of which was delicious.
My wife had to send hers back because her soup was barely warm.
The waitress took it back and nuked it for 30 seconds and when it returned it of course very hot.
My soup was nice and hot.
For my entree I had the prime rib my grandson had a  Frenh Dip sandwich my wife and our guest had the Vegetarian lasagna.
My grandson liked his sandwich.
Although he said It was ok.
Nothing spectacular.
However both my wife and our guest ended up sending their meals back.
They both thought the lagsagna tasted odd and was greasy.
Maybe it was the sauce they used or spices but they did not like it at all.
In fact they both ended up ordering another soup because the food that came out was not good at all.
I ordered my prime rib medium.
When I ordered it the waitress did not ask me how I wanted it so I got her attention and told her I wanted it  medium.
It came out well done and was VERY dry.
So I sent it back.
Like I said normally I'm not the kind of person to send my food back or complain but this place was very expensive.
My prime rib was $29.00 when it came out again it was  dry/ & overcooked it was more well done than medium.
I ate a few bites and took the rest home for my dog.
FYI the French Dip -sandwich was $14.00 the lasagna was $11.00 the soup $5.00 (well worth it).
Total bill, and this is for lunch.$127.00 -ouch.
The food was mediocre, and below average quality .
************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?
*************************  5 stars -Highly recommended.
I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business.
It is that good.
This place represents their industry or cuisine very well!
4 stars - Highly Recommended.
I would frequent this business.
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad.
Just average.
I wouldn't mind going again.
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family.
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business.
I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too!
DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT

The early signs weren't good.
Iffy Yelp reviews, dead on a Thursday evening, tucked into a strip mall in WASP-y Anthem...
But I had it bookmarked so we gave it a shot and I'm glad we did.
The service was great.
Our server and another gentleman (the owner, perhaps?
) checked on us regularly and were extremely friendly.
Dubiously, I ordered the tilapia and it was exceptional.
My companions greatly enjoyed their meals as well (osso bucco and more tilapia).
Were I not an adult with a driver's license and a mortgage, I might have licked my plate clean.
For dessert, we had the caramel cheesecake and the tiramisu.
The cheesecake was a little disappointing as it was essentially plain cheesecake with caramel sauce on it.
The tiramisu was quite tasty.
The place is very cute inside although the giant TV's above the bar look a little out of place.
We will definitely return.

We love Cafe Provence.
Their Filet is the best in town, beats Ruth's Chris, Mortons, Flemings, etc hands down.
We live in Desert Hills and drive the extra jaunt to Anthem to frequent this restaurant on a weekly basis.
The best part is the price!
Not only are the veggies fresh, the potatoes tasty and the steak cooked to perfection they are priced so low that you can actually eat here every week!
Love the family atmosphere, service is great.
Definitely a diamond in the rough for North Phoenix dining.
Don't let the fine dining fool you, there is a bar where you can eat all this tasty food and watch the latest game.... with the owner or his brother.
Family owned and operated.... lets keep this gem in business.
Just don't visit too often.
I like being able to walk in and get a seat immediately.

This little place is charming and worth a try.
I stopped in for a late lunch and was pleasantly surprised at how good my salad with chicken was!
Inviting atmosphere, good service and great food, I will def go back for dinner :-)

I took my friend here last week as I have not eaten in Anthem in a while.
This cafe is very nice and the food is excellent.
It is also priced appropriately.
Our new young waiter ( Devan ?
) was very thorough in making sure all of our concerns and questions were addressed as my friend asks a ton of them...lol.
The chef is more than willing to accomodate any special request you may have to make your dining experience a memorable one.
I would highly recommend this place if you are in Anthem any time soon.

Great food, cute place!
We have been a few times and service was mediocre but Sonny is wonderful!

For the Preamble I decided to give this place a second chance because I know some people that patronized this restaurant and really enjoyed it.
Everyone deserves a second chance.
I went here with my wife and our friend Billie Sue.
I would like to acknowledge the service here.
We walked in without a reservation and was seated immediately because we went there midday so there was no crowd.
After being seated our waitress Vanessa took our beverage order and gave us ample time to review the menu and select our entrees.
We started our meal off with an appetizer of Calamari Provencal - made with fresh Herbs, diced Tomato, tossed in Lemon Butter.
The lemon butter sauce stole the show here.
I would have totally licked my plate to get every last drop it was so good.
My wife loved it and like me commented how delicious the lemon butter sauce was.
Our friend Billie Sue never tried calamari and was apprehensive about tasting it.
One bite and she was hooked.
Next up my wife and I got a dinner salad.
It had a Balsamic Hazelnut Vinaigrette that was amazing delicious.
For our entrees our friend ordered tilapia - Sautéed Tilapia, Flour Dusted, Smashed Red Potatoes, Carrots, Asparagus, in Lemon Beurre Blanc.
She really enjoyed it and offered my wife a bite to try it.
My wife told Bilie Sue she didn't like tilapia but Billie Sue insisted she try it.
Guess what my wife thought it was remarkably tasty.
For our entrees my wife and I ordered the halibut.
This dish was truly the highlight of the of our visit.
The halibut was beautifully served in addition to being moist and tender.
"Magnifique" !!
We finished off our meals with dessert.
Billie Sue decided on the Tiramisu Carol and I ordered the Carmel Cheesecake.
I normally don't order desserts or sweets, but the cheese cake was calling my name.
It was divine.
words cannot describe how stupendous this dessert is.
FOOD:  Was super scrumptious.
The flavors and texture combined perfectly without overwhelming any of the fish dishes.
The portions look small, but they aren't that small as you dig in.
We all left the restaurant very satisfied and full.
The food is fantastic, everything we ordered was tasty and exceeded our expectations.
AMBIANCE: Rustic atmosphere.
If you have people visiting from out of town, you should take them here.
Its a unique experience that everyone should know about!
PRICE: The prices are real reasonable for French food.
The bill for the three of us came to $133.42.
SERVICE: I cannot emphasize enough the wonderful service experience we got from Vanessa.
The service here is top notch and extremely attentive.
Vanessa was polite, professional, and courteous.
CONCLUSION: If the way to that special someone's heart is through their stomach, take them to Café Provence and they'll fall madly in love with you.
This snug, lovely restaurant offers an intimate alternative to the rest of the restaurants we normally frequent.
Perfect unpretentious French restaurant that offers excellent service and affordable prices.
Café Provence s definitely deserves the high praise.
I will be most certainly coming back, hungry and yearning for more!
RETURN FACTOR: 100%  *************** What does my OVERALL rating mean?
************************* 5  stars -Highly recommended.
I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business.
It is that good.
This place represents their industry or cuisine very well!
4 stars - Highly Recommended.
I would frequent this business.
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad.
Just average.
I wouldn't mind going again.
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family.
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business.
I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too!
DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT

Excellent.
Unfortunately, the restaurant side closed down, but the cafe' side still exists on the bar-side.
They offer the same menu, it's just not a fine dining atmosphere anymore.
The food is incredible & the staff & owners are friendly and can accommodate most any need.
Worth a drive up from the Phoenician end of town

Best French Onion soup ever!!!
The service was wonderful,  the atmosphere delightful,  and the food superb.
What a great find!!

The bartender was awesome!
I believe he has some stake in the place because he acted like I was a guest in his home!
After a perfect martini I enjoyed the best frog legs I've had.
Crispy but succulent... Great restaurant and close to home!
Can't wait to come back with my wife!

Phenomenal.
The soup, the filet au poivre, the wine, and the service were beyond comparison.

I could eat here every night!
My favorites are The escargot, the calamari, salmon arugula salad, potato encrusted salmon, and my kids love their cheeseburgers and grilled cheese sandwiches.
The service is awesome!
I've never had a bad experience there.
They are all so nice and friendly.
6 stars!

Service is not very good and it took forever to get drinks and our appetizer to the table.
Unless you are a regular, expect second class service.
In fairness, though, I found the food good but in smaller than normal portions.
Salad and lobster bisque was tasty.
Shrimp and pasta was just ok- nothing special.
It really is the only nice atmosphere restaurant in Anthem....too bad it fails to make a favorable impression.

Not sure where all of Conrad's complaints come from.
My wife and I went to Anthem on January 2 to visit a long-time out-of-state friend who was staying in Anthem and decided to have a leisurely lunch at Café Provence.
It was our first time there and our friend had actually fully enjoyed eating there twice during the prior week and wanted to go back to try more items.
During the 3 hours we sat, talked, and ate, we had great service to fit our desired slow pace.
The food was great and plentiful.
Onion soup, the signature calamari, portobello ravioli, Fruits de Mer au Gratin, crème brulee, chocolate mousse cake and one of our favorite wines.
We watched other satisfied customers come for lunch and go -- noting this was likely a light post holiday day.
If we fine ourselves at that (far for us) end of town, we would definitely eating there again.

Tap water !?!
:/   try filtering u r food and ice tea will b much better!...farm fish..is Disgusting.

We eat here often.
The flavor is fantastic.
I would give it 4 stars if they would just heat the plates before they put the food on them.
Big cold plates make food cold in minutes.

Excellent service!
Great food presentation with a variety of choices.
Very we'll prepared.
We will make this a regular place.

The choices are limited in Anthem but the food here is pretty good.
I had the chicken salad which was really good and i don't normally like chicken salad.
The best by far is the kids Mac and cheese.
Not Kraft m&c at all!!
It was shells in an Alfredo type sauce   I probably ate all the leftovers.
The only reason I give it 3 stars is that the menu is somewhat limited and though its supposed to be family friendly, it felt very weird to have a toddler there.
But the staff was fairly friendly.

Overpriced for the location.
You can't be successful with a Fine dining restaurant in the area that you're in.
The food is okay but for the prices, belongs In Scottsdale.
Not consistent with the area and I've never gone and seen more than 2 or 3 patrons.

While Café Provence wins the prize for fanciest Anthem Restaurant, the food just wasn't up to par with what you can just a few miles down the road.
Although the restaurant was slow on the Thursday night I was there, it still took a noticeably long time to get anything - drinks, appetizers, meal, check - we were waiting at every step.
Our table did that wacky shack teeter totter thing, which we found a bit odd considering the atmosphere they are going for here.
From other reviews, I was looking forward to the Calamari appetizer, but it turned out to be overcooked (rubbery), soggy and bland - not at all like the description.
That was really disappointing.
I REALLY hate wasting food, but well over half of it went back uneaten as we just couldn't do it.
The steak au poivre (pepper steak) was cooked perfectly but the brandy sauce was very watery and lacked seasoning.
The humble red potato turned out to be the unlikely star of this entire meal as it was crispy on the outside (I'm looking at you, calamari!
) In the end, it was a sad dinner.
Any restaurant can have a bad day though, so please do consider other reviews when making up your mind about this place.

By far our best dining experience anywhere in the North Phoenix/Anthem area since moving here in December.
We dined there last night and the food was a-ma-zing.
It was that good.
First, they offer their pasta dishes with a gluten free pasta option.
This was important to us and very much appreciated.
Gluten free pastas are not that easy to find on menus.
On top of that, the pasta dish was terrific.
The hit of the night, however, was the Fruits de Mer au Gratin.
I would never have ordered this based on the menu description and name, but luckily my sister did.
It was basically a huge plate with two smaller dishes filled with seafood in a creamy sauce, topped with melted cheese.
Wow.
I cannot wait to go back again and order this for myself.
I am honestly already craving it.
We topped off the great food with a bottle of chianti and two different desserts - the lava cake and the creme brulee - both very good.
An excellent dining experience - sadly, our first really, really good one in Anthem.
PS They have a good kids' menu, too.
My 7-year old had the penne with marinara (a very large portion!
) and loved it.

