This is the best tattoo spot in Phoenix!
Very small art type space with 4 of the most talented tattoo artists in town.
You cannot get a bad tattoo here.
Very comfortable and friendly.
I recommend to everyone!

I would recommend every one of the artists at this shop, on a personal and a professional level.
You could not ask for more talent, honesty, laughter and good people in a single tattoo parlor.
Go see for yourself.

Four of thee best, talented artist work here.
There are no attitudes here.
I've had many tattoos done by Jsn and I always recommend Chris too!
All these guys are pretty entertaining to talk to....again, no egos!
All of their original work is incredable!!!
I  HEART Golden Rule Tattoo

I decided at the last minute to get a tattoo so I called Golden Rule.
It was fortunate that Alex had the time to do it if I headed to the shop asap.
He was so patient, I had him draw it, make some changes to my specifications, change those specifications twice, and he never batted an eye.
The finished product is BEAUTIFUL so I'm attaching it even though it's a little swollen since its only an hour old.
I would definitely use Alex again and I'd recommend him to anyone!

I went to Golden Rule for my first tattoo and was extremely nervous before going in there.
I worked with Alex and he put me at ease right away.
He listened to my ideas and offered his suggestions, and together we came up with the perfect tattoo!
Everyone there was so friendly and they really made getting my first tattoo an amazing experience.
I couldn't be happier and would definitely go back to them in the future.

My sweetheart surprised me with an appointment with Taylor here a few weeks ago...I literally had fifteen minutes to decide on which of my many crazy ideas I wanted permanently inked into my skin ( a banjo?
PBFF?
bacon n'eggs?).
I settled on something Pixar-related, very simple black and grey.
The shop is as professional and clean as it gets (my former tattooist is now referred to as He Who Shall Not Be Named; the golden rule guys run circles around other shops), with a great range of art on the walls, and every artist working on something UNbelievable.
These guys were very down-to-earth, and obviously super-talented.

I've been tattooed by Jason, Alex and Taylor at the shop.
Really can't go wrong with any of the guys who work there.
They're super professional, talented and the shop is spotless which is a huge factor in deciding where to go get tattooed.
It's nice having a place you can go to and count on any of the artists to make you look good!

In love.
I have two tattoos now, the most recent one being from Golden Rule.
I had such a bad experience with my first one that I was hesitant to do another.
A friend of mine recommended this shop, and I finally worked up the nerve to get another.
Alex Empty tattooed two anchors on my collar bone that I absolutely adore.
I get compliments left and right and the design and colors are beautiful.
I am so happy with the outcome.
But as with many people, some of the ink didn't stick.
Alex went out of his way to text me and ask when I could come get them touched up.
He really takes pride in his work and cares about his clients, which is a staple for all excellent tattoo artists.
I got them touched up today and am so excited to see how they will heal.
My husband also got his feet tattooed by Alex and he loves them.
I am going in for another big piece with Alex in the coming months that  I am excited about, and I know my husband will be back as well.
As long as he's in Phoenix, Alex will be our tattoo artist for sure.
I also think it is important to note that from what I have seen, the other guys in the shop are also extremely talented, laid back, and unpretentious.
I'd recommend them all.

After leaving Seattle I went looking for a new tattoo shop to call my own, and though it took years, I've finally found it in Golden Rule Tattoo.
The shop is simple and clean, the guys are all very talented and make you feel like family.
Alex Empty has given me two beautiful tattoos and I'm working on some more ideas, but I wouldn't hesitate to go to any of the fellas that work here.
I tell everyone I know to check Golden Rule out, even if you think you like another shop you owe it to yourself to see what else is out there.

"Honest" Bob Gibson really knows what he's doing, artistically and professionally.
Would definitely recommend this shop, and especially this artist.
Watching the other artists as I waited, any of them would do a phenomenal job.
Keep up the good work, guys.

Jason Anthony began working on covering up an old tattoo and I couldn't ask for anything better.
First, he took my basic ideas and created something I, myself, couldn't have imagined!
The shop is incredibly clean and professional, I will never go elsewhere again.
Xo-Rabbit

Got my first (only?
) tattoo here after a full military career and transitioning through Audio Engineering school.
Ya, I held out for a loooong time waiting for the perfect ink story to speak to me.
::Nominal:: was simple and precise for what I had in mind taking into consideration my sound engineering future and my faith-based-life.
Levi (no longer associated with GRT) did a great job back in May, but his inexperience led to the need for a touchup.
The guys were curious about my new ink, but were hugely professional and friendly.
Today I just got touched up by Christopher Robin (yes, THE highly acclaimed  Christopher Robin - don't let the newly shorn face fool ya).
Jason remembered me (awesome detail) and we conversed about his newfound respect for "Nominal" after watching the Curiosity landing on Mars.
Great guys, all of them.
Super clean shop.
Super great atmosphere.
Super cool with us newbies to ink.
HIGHLY recommend.
BTW?
"Nominal" is engineering for PERFECT.
NOT mediocre as everyone presumes.
Thanks for that, Jason (insert Yelp forbidden heart emoticon here)

Yowza!
It's been a good, long minute since my last review!
My apologies.
Anyway, I decided to give this shop a try based on the reviews on saw here on good ole' Yelp.
I really liked what I read, so I checked out the online portfolios to see which artist I liked the best.
I liked them all, but Christopher Robin's work really turned my knobs.
So, off I went!
When I got there, I really was impressed by how super CLEAN the place was.
Literally, reminded me of hospital clean (how it should be!).
Next, I was happy to see that the dude I wanted to chat it up with was sitting right there in front when I walked in.
He was chill and helpful, and started making a rough sketch of what I wanted right away.
He said it was totally going to work out, and I made an appointment to come back in October.
All in all, I had a great first experience, and will be updating my review once I actually get the tattoo.
Stay tuned.

Been going here awhile for most of my tattoos.
Half sleeve and majority of my back so far.
I recently moved to ATL and I will still pay for a plane ticket to go back to this place.
They work with you and don't bull shit you on anything while very friendly... a quality I don't see in many tattoo parlors.
Great portfolios.

Id heard about this shop and the good work they do.
I called to ask a few questions and guy that answered the phone was polite and professional.
That's where the good stuff ends.
We walked into shop around 5 pm, there were 3 artist and 2 customers.
No one said hi, be right with you nothing.
Finally Paul looked at us with a what do you want look so I walked up to tell him what we wanted.
Turns out Paul is deaf so its really difficult to communicate with him.
I explain what we are looking for, heart shaped tattoo  with letters intertwined and he starts sketching this crappy looking 1st grade stuff.
I told him again what we wanted and showed him so samples on my phone.
He showed no interest in working with us and was rude.
He continued to draw the most uncreative  stuff so we said no thanks and left.
It was obvious he wasn't understanding us and no one else offered to help out.
Also the shop is extremely small and cramped.
As I said they has 2 customers and it was crowded.
Very disappointed.

I was referred to Golden Rule by a friend who gets all of his work done here.
It was for my second tattoo; I was happy with the first one I had gotten and the shop it was done at, but my friend highly recommended Golden Rule so I went to check it out.
I went in at opening, and two artists were there already working.
Christopher Robin greeted my friend and we chatted a bit about what I wanted done.
He had a cancellation for the next day; he was otherwise booked till November, so I made the appointment.
My tattoo was a yellow rose in honor of my mother.
I snagged some random clipart from online and mentioned the changes I wanted.
I came back the next day and Chris had the image ready, with some beautiful changes to it.
While setting up, Chris seemed very thorough and meticulous about his preparations.
He also was very professional, personable and enjoys conversing with his customers.
The facility itself is small but functional, and very clean.
I was the only customer in the shop, so they were nice enough to let me play some music to help me survive the tattoo!
Chris uses a tattoo gun with little to no sound, which is actually quite nice; I'd say the only downside to it for me was that the sound helps you better prepare for the oncoming pain!
But he works fast and efficiently, and in almost no time I was done.
Chris offered touchups if needed.
Overall, I was very happy with my experience with Golden Rule Tattoo.
It's also nice to know that they support military customers with discounts!
And they also are very geek-based and love doing geek ink (as I am one myself).
I will definitely be recommending Golden Rule for any friends who want work done.
Good job guys!

So after about 5 years from getting my last tattoo, I;ve been thinking about getting another one and did some research online.
So I went in to get an upper back tattoo with a design in mind.
My artist was Jason Anthony.
I went over what I was thinking, but as for color/shading/fading/etc, had nothing set in mind.
He went over some ideas and gave me an idea of what the finish product would look like (thank to Photoshop).
Looked awesome and went for it that night.
One thing I really like about the shop is the staff, great sense of humor, feel like a really cool place.
It there's was other's getting inked too, I think it added to the experience.
Getting the actually tattoo was pretty straight forward, and because of where I was getting it, wanted to be perfectly still (my biggest concern was laughing too hard with everyone's sense of humor).
In the beginning, going over the cost of the tattoo work, it was more on the higher end of what I was originally thinking.
But after seen the end result and all the work put into it (and also didn't realize how much bigger it was compared to my other tattoos), I was very happy with the cost of it (definitely worth it).
The tattoo came out 100X better than I had envisioned.
The last thing I really liked was when finished up, how well and detailed he was when going over the aftercare (again it's been awhile).
Very friend and cool staff, will definitely hit them up for future work

I'll keep this short  Christopher Robin = tattoo magic  He has completely re did my chest piece and turned it from just a tattoo to an artistic master piece.
He has a light hand and works really quick!
I've had a lot of tattooing in my time and he is by far the best!
I will only go to him for all future tattoos!!!!!
Fyi --The rest of the shop is just as awesome and professional!
Can't wait for my next appointment !!!
Tip-- he is good so he books out pretty far.
So plan ahead with your schedule and time frame.

I just moved back to Arizona at the beginning of November and wanted to get a tattoo covered up.
I got a tattoo of an ex girlfriend's name years ago and needed to cover it.
I went into the shop one day after finding some good reviews on Yelp and was not disappointed.
I met with Paul and explained to him what I wanted.
He sketched exactly what I was looking for and had me come in the next day.
Two sessions later, my new tattoo was complete.
It looks amazing, bright, colorful, balanced and gives me great peace of mind.
Paul was awesome, all the guys in the shop made me feel welcome and comfortable.
You can tell these guys love working there cause all they do is chat, laugh and listen to music while working.
It's a good vibe.
Go to these guys, they are definitely worth it.
Thanks a lot Paul and Golden Rule Tattoo!!

I love this shop!
Honest Bob is my artist and his work is thoughtful and beautiful.
The shop atmosphere is so much fun.
The music and conversation are stimulating.
I love being there.
I have 2 completed pieces by Bob and have at least 2 more that are soon to be put on.
This shop rules!

The best tattoo parlor in phoenix.This place embodies everything about the rising entrepreneurial spirit that has been flourishing for the past couple of years in our little fledgling arts district.
Jason, co owner and the artist I was lucky enough to book, is a bonafide artisan and down right the nicest tattoo artist to ever work on me.
I can't recommend Golden Rule enough, it's all in a name; these guys practice what they preach.
I dropped in on a saturday as soon as they opened and already there was a crowd gathering, I had anticipated that but I was a little naive in assuming I could get in the same day.
Apparently he was booked for the next couple of months!
However I reminded him of an email I had sent earlier in the week and I showed him a sketch of what I wanted, he immediately remembered and set me up for a 3:00 appointment.
I rode my bike home and passed the hours eagerly awaiting my allotted time with the master.
fast forward to 3 o'clock and I get back a litttle early, their day was a frantic break neck speedy barrage of window shoppers, serious dedicated customers, drunk tourists, you name it.
For some reason it seems everyone walking down Roosevelt is drawn to GR's parlor, frequently interrupting artists with inquiries and phone calls, which while good for business is pretty effing annoying when window shoppers come in to ask stupid questions right in the middle of the dude's work.
I digress.
Jason handeled it all deftly and joked and made me at ease despite the frequent interruptions.
The end result was exactly, I mean to a t, what I wanted and I'm so immensely pleased.
Hopefully my next visit here will go just as smoothly but I now know, book that shit in advance and save you and the artist some heartache.

Christopher Robin is the freaking MAN!
I gave him an idea and he made it even more awesome than I could have imagined!
It took two sessions to complete my first tattoo with him, and he is currently fixing/completing a tattoo I started elsewhere.
Trustworthy work, clean shop and great people!!
Getchyo ass in and see for yourself.

I can't say enough great things about Golden Rule.
I started going here a couple of months ago for Jonathan Penchoff who had just moved to this shop.
Once I walked in, I was comfortable in about 10 minutes flat.
Everyone is warm and sociable.
The few times I have been in there to get tattooed I have always had a blast and as I get to know these awesome fellas and lady I appreciate them even more.
Not to mention they really know their stuff and everyone pumps out some amazing work.
Jason really knows how to run a shop properly and efficiently.
Jason, Jonathan, Bree, Paulski thanks for being super rad!
If you're not getting tattooed here, you're messing up.

First tattoo.
My friend and I were pretty excited.
We should have researched things better.
Her tattoo was going to be large and couldn't be done on her neck, so it made her rethink things.
I knew exactly what I wanted, but somehow in the discussion got talked out of what I wanted by the tattoo guy.
He drew an excellent design, but he convinced me to do it facing the world instead of something I could read (personal to me, not the rest of the world).
Five minutes after I walked out, I knew I hated it and was researching ways to get it removed.
The tattoo had personal meaning to me.
Done in reverse where I can't read it, it means nothing.
This guy knows how to draw and he knows how to tattoo, but he should leave his thoughts and opinons to himself.
Kicking myself for listening to him and now having to pay for a very expensive treatment to get it removed.

This tattoo shop has to be one of the best tattoo shops I have ever visited.
I was so glad that I found this place and that I was able to see all of the artist work before picking who I wanted for my piece.
I asked for a simple mandala outline and gave pictures of a similar tattoo that I have saved on my phone.
Paul was awesome and personalized my tattoo so that I make mine one of a kind an unique.
I was very pleased with the little touches that he used on the sketch.
His work is incredible and I plan on using him for future pieces especially for color.
He is very professional and made me feel comfortable during my 1hour session.
He also took about 5 minutes to clean the area prior to starting on my tattoo.
I had previously called other tattoo shops for estimates/times/ hours however they were not helpful at all.
I like that this tattoo shops has normal business hours and doesn't try to make you guess when they're open like Black Lantern Tattoo.
I got the run around with this particular shop and tried to stop by several times however they were "closed" with a sign that read "we are ALMOST always open".
Not professional AT ALL  Anyway, Golden Rule has amazing artist and I am in LOVE with my new piece:)  Can't wait for my next tattoo!

I recently got a tattoo done here by Stephanie Flannery.
She is new to the shop and she did an absolutely astonishing job on an old school style tattoo on my arm (her main style is portraits).
I am very very happy with the work i had done here.
The lines are straight, shading is good, colors are vibrant....just all around quality work that I am very happy with.
I would trust her to do any style of tattoo.
Don't listen to any of the negative reviewers...one didn't speak up and wasn't specific about what she wanted, and another didn't even get ink done there.
This place is A+.
I will definitely be revisiting.

Absolutely love this tattoo shop.
Just moved here from Chicago a few months ago and have been looking of a shop for my next tattoo.
I found this place on yelp, and I knew it was the golden ticket.
After looking at some of her work online, I chose Stephanie to do my tattoo.
I shot her an email with what I was looking for, and when I came into the shop the picture she drew was spot on.
The shop was so much fun on the day of my tattoo.
Everyone in there is hilarious and so nice.
Had a pretty stellar music mix from The Misfits, to Marvin Gay, to The Gaslight Anthem......kept everyone laughing and jamming out.
Stephanie is an absolute sweet heart, who does amazing work.
She was a pleasure to talk to, the tattoo went faster then expected, and it was pretty painless.
I gave her an idea and she blew it out of the water.
I was speechless and blown away with the end result.
Stephanie is a true artist.
I will absolutely always go back to her.
Cheers Stephanie.

I came here with my little brother for his first tattoo.
The customer service was great and they were really helpful.
The tattoo artist Bob was awesome while working on my brother.
Even when my brother was moving and being a sissy.
Bob was awesome and calmed him down and produced a great tattoo.

I had my tattoo done here recently and I was a little nervous because it was the most detailed and colorful tattoo I had ever gotten.
It turned out SO beautiful.
Bob was my artist and he was very patient with my demands and created a gorgeous sketch.
I love my tattoo so much that I'm giving my husband a gift certificate to the shop for his birthday.

I had a few small pieces done on the 18th, and absolutely love them.
I'm so happy with not only the pieces themselves, but also with the professionalism and courtesy the artist displayed.
I think I'll definitely be returning for any future pieces!

I stopped by this shop yesterday to book an appointment.
Place had a good vibe.
Andrea gave me all the scoop on artists, prices, etc.
Was lucky to get a slot this morning with Paulski.
He did a super job on a memorial piece.
Very pleased!
Highly recommended!

My husband and I got  tattoos of a bible verse on our wrists.
Bob was absolutely wonderful!
He was so willing to work with us and give us something WE wanted, but still make it something that would be really good quality and last forever.
I really appreciated that he wanted to make sure the tattoo looked good for a very long time but still make sure it was a tattoo that we loved and true to our desires.
These were our first tattoos and they all made it a great experience!
They are all very kind and EXTREMELY talented artists!
Just seeing the other peices being done at the same time, they were incredible!

Awesome.
Worked with Jason who has done a lot of work on other family members.
He came up with a great rendition of the object/design I was going for.
Worked quickly, piece looks great, and you can definitely tell he is into his work and knows what he's doing.
I also saw another artist finishing up a cover-up job while I was there, and it looked really amazing.
Solid folks who are passionate about their work and a well-run business.
Thanks!

I have been tattooed here three times by three different artists- Jason, Paulski, and Honest Bob.
They are all incredibly professional, kind, and talented.
They listen to my needs, make really thoughtful recommendations and produce quality art.
As a woman, I am apprehensive when going to a tattoo shop as they tend to be a "boys club" and they feel super hostile.
I have always been treated so well at Golden Rule and highly recommend them to anyone looking for a great artist and a great environment.

Had a wonderful experience from start to finish here!
Honest Bob was very friendly, polite and patient.
He spent as much time as it took to make sure I was happy with the size and placement.
I was being very wiggly and he still managed to produce a wonderful piece of art!
I have spoken with other artists and gotten mostly  apathetic responses, but Honest Bob was excited, very professional, and really made it easy to trust him with something so perminant.
Highly reccomend, would give more than 5 stars if possible.

I've been tattooed by almost everyone at The Golden Rule, and I can personally say that each one of them went above and beyond to prove the best service they could for me.
The staff is very professional and friendly.
The shop is in immaculate condition as far as it comes to cleanliness.
I recommend everyone that asks me about my tattoos to go to them.
And I highly recommend anyone in the Phoenix area to check them out.

I was so incredibly impressed with my experience with Paul at Golden Rule!
I came in with the less-than-impressive beginnings of an outline for an idea I had in mind and Paul turned it into a masterpiece!
And he free-handed the entire thing!
Everyone at the shop was incredibly nice and helped distract me toward the end when i was shaking and in so much pain and the end result is a piece of art on my arm that I will forever be impressed with.
I cannot say enough good things.
Thank you Paul and thr entire staff for an amazing experience!

I walked in today around 11:30.
Great experience right from the start.
Everyone said hello and really made me feel welcomed.
Jason was great and super personable.
I wanted a 2" tattoo on my wrist  which he kindly printed off and changed to the size I needed.
It turned out great!!
Thanks for this amazing piece that I will cherish forever.
P.S.
There is free parking behind the building

This was the first time I'd had work done  at Golden Rule.
Paulski did my tattoo and was amazing.
I had a piece on my arm that was done about 6 years ago but I wanted to extend it.
He did a fantastic job of making it look like it was all one piece.
I also had an armband that was below the piece that I wanted incorporated into the work and hidden as much as possible.
He did a really great job of creating a piece that distracted the eye from the armband.
He was excellent but pretty heavy handed.
Had to really brace myself!

100% amazing people.
Super professional, super talented, and super friendly.
You feel welcomed at the door.
But most importantly these folks do beautiful art work, every tattoo is a new piece of art we get to show off!
My husband and i were referred by a friend and will be taking our sister their soon also...  Christopher Robin and Stephanie have tattoo'd us and are amazing.
We plan on getting work by the other artist in time as well.
No one should go anywhere else to get solid work in Arizona .

Some friends and I went  into the shop later in the evening.
We asked if they had time to do a small one.
The counter girl asked what I wanted and where and I explained to her, it's pretty simple script and an illustration.
She drew it out on a post it for some reason, when they could clearly hear my description.
( This shop is extremely small and cramped) A little weird.
So she turned around to a girl and guy and said do any of you guys feel like doing "this"?
The disapprovement was apparent in her body language.
The guy answered her like we weren't standing there and they girl turned her nose up at it and didn't manage to muster up the energy to say anything.
Neither one of them made eye contact.
The the counter girl turns around and says "sorry" :/  Um , why did she ask what I wanted if they didn't want to work on anything else?
Wow they made my friends and I feel so unwelcome.
The energy was uneasy and uncomfortable.
Why are people in business if they can't be a people person?
They should know the way to getting more business is people will go in for something small, and if they like the experience they will come back for bigger projects.
After looking at the website it looks like the artists that lack the social skills are Jonathan and Stephanie.
I get it, we are all artists.
We get broody but it's people like this that give us artists a bad name.
Talent can only take you so far.
Let me give you guys a customer service 101:   The right thing to do to get the customers to come back again is this:  "We can't do it right now, but here's a card or website, Book an appointment later on this week.
"   Really easy guys.
This is the reason why people don't like Phoenix, people's attitudes stink here.
Thanks for reminding me why I don't live here anymore :)

I got my first tattoo today.
My friend referred me to The Golden Rule, and I couldn't be happier with my experience!!
Chris was my tattoo artist, and he created a perfect, amazing memorial to the dog I just lost.
I knew I wanted her original ink pawprint, but was so worried an artist would have a hard time capturing that because it's not as simple as a generic print....he blew me away with his work!
He incorporated everything I wanted, and made it even better than what I imagined (I'm no artist!).
The staff were all very friendly - and the place was spotless, and you could tell they were very serious about keeping it sterile and clean.
They were able to get me in at the same time, which I was very pleasantly surprised, especially because the next opening wouldn't have been for a while.
What an amazing experience, especially for my first tattoo, and one that I will hold VERY dear to my heart!!

If you want an elistist attitude (trust me they are better than you) and some kid younger than you tattooing some flash (and flash style work) on your body to forever regret, call these guys!
Honestly only good for first timers.
Check out their site and their small galleries of basic work if you don't believe me.
Tried to call in and explain I had a 4-5K tattoo idea and got treated like an asshole, even though I have more tattoo's than half the people tattooing in there...

