This quiet little dog park in north Scottsdale is a hangout for some friendly dogs and their people.
2/3 of an acre, with a 10x20 foot shade structure, a people/dog drinking fountain and a push-button dust control feature that waters the area to keep the dust down.
There are no lights yet.
Closed for maintenance Thursdays - 9:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.  Rules *Owners or custodians of a dog are responsible and legally liable for the acts and conduct of the dog at all times when the dog is in a city park.
*Dog behavior can be unpredictable particularly around other dogs and strangers.
*The City does not supervise use of the Off Leash Area and anyone using the area does so at his/her own risk.
*No more than two dogs per visitor.
*An adult must accompany youth under the age of 16.
*Bag and dispose of your pet's waste using canisters provided.
*Aggressive or anti-social behaving dogs must be removed from the park immediately.
All dog attacks should be immediately reported to the Maricopa County Animal Care & Control  at (602) 506-7387.
*Female dogs in heat are not permitted in the exercise area.
*All dogs must be currently licensed and vaccinated.
Puppies under the age of 4 months are not allowed in the park until they have had their license and vaccinations.
*Dogs should be under voice control.
*Please fill any hole your dog digs.
*No food or alcoholic beverages allowed in the exercise area.
*Owners or custodians of a dog must restrain and control the dog at all times with a leash of not more than 6 feet in length when outside of the dog exercise area.

This is a great little park in North Scottsdale.
I love it because it is so close to my house and during peak times there are some great dogs for Milly to play with.
Two drawbacks of the park are that there are not any lights, and that it is half dirt, so humans and pups get very dirty.

Great dog park.
Lot's of friendly dogs and owners.
I sometimes go early in the morning before the energy level of the park gets too high for my new rescue Joey.
As a new family member, my dog needs training and some work on her social skills, and the regulars at Horizon have all been very patient with us.
The afternoons can get a bit rowdy, but if you completely trust your dog it's safe to assume that your pup will be safe here.

A few times each week I come here to enjoy my breakfast and coffee in the early morning.
It's peaceful and relaxing and fun.
Try it sometimes.

I was spoiled living next door to the Chapparal Dog Park for several years.
However, this is now my local spot and luckily it is still a well maintained hangout with water, shade, and pick-up tools.
Though, it only offers a single large space for all dogs.

This is a good sized park in North Scottsdale that offers a little bit for everyone.
I like the sand volleyball areas, its never too packed.
The bball courts are well kept and I would definitely bring a dog here if I had one.
The place has pretty good upkeep.

Now that they actually put fresh sod down and the park is half grass and dirt, rather than all dirt - I like this park!
So nice to have a place for the pup to run and socialize that is close to home.
It is a one-size fits all park so the big dogs and small dogs share the same space.
There is some nice shaded seating for the parents, pooper scoopers to help when you need it, and a couple of dog (and human) drinking fountains.
It is not as big or fancy as Chaparral dog park, but the dogs still love it.
Thank you City of Scottsdale for providing a cool dog park (and fixing the grass!

This park is nicely fenced in with a "sally port" (prison reference) type entry system... so dogs cannot accidental run out.
My dogs love it here...
I guess that's all that counts!
:)  It seems recently that they are trying to do some new improvement... its also really hot... so its hard to keep up the grass... especially with dogs running all over it.
It's big enough for the dogs to have a blast... but not to big to keep on eye on things.
I have been here a dozen times or so... and have never had any issues with other dogs being to aggressive.

Excellent compact park.
It has all facilities like dog park, basketball and volley ball courts and friendly kids playground too.
Well maintained park with wifi now.
I love to take my evening walks here.

Walkable for me and my pup, so that's good, but it is dusty and the little grass that is there just isn't great.
It's not a large space and does tend to get overtaken by large, rambunctious dogs.
Usually all well-behaved, but I'm just a nervous dog mom who thinks my little guy is going to get pummeled!

A nice little dog park that has benches, picnic tables, shade, and water.
Most of the park is dirt with grass around the perimeter.
I'd rather see the opposite, more grass than dirt.
People don't seem to pick up after their dogs as I went around with the pooper scooper and picked up 3 large loads of waste without even trying.
Several waste bins are provided with several pooper scoopers available for patrons.
Waste bags are also provided near the entrances.
Access is via double gates to keep dogs from escaping.
I liked the bowls built into the ground that are fed with water bubbling up from below with which dogs can get a drink.

This is a great dog park for locals.
I've read about the dust concerns but most visitors don't realize that there is actually a dust control sprinkler that you can activate that sprinkles just enough water to keep the dust down but not cause dirty/muddy feet (human and K9)!
There are two separate fenced areas but they seem to rotate and keep one open while the other recovers, grows grass, etc.
There are the usual dog park dog behavior issues which are usually kept to a minimum.
Overall even mix of large and small dogs.
The human mix is also common.
Almost everyone is friendly and sociable.
Most are responsible about their pets behavior.
There is a slight "Scottsdale" factor, but if you are going to this dog park then you're likely from Scottsdale and adjusted to that way of life and attitude.
Overall a great thumbs up.
Well maintained and convenient dog park with great dogs and great people.
Only advice- avoid after substantial rain and storms - it will be muddy for a couple of days.

A very low class of owners hangs out at horizon.
They have aggressive dogs, yet they think they're angels.
Too many owners think they own the park.
They bring a ball and get upset if dogs other than their own Chase it.
Really?
And beware the east coast cane guy.
He'll verbally, and loudly, attack you knowing you can't give him what he deserves because he's old.

This park is attractive and has plenty of seating and interesting things for the dog to explore.
Unfortunately it doesn't have much use.
Without dog society I don't see much point to a dog park.
It isn't open a lot (or that is how it appears to me) which may affect use.
Or maybe it is the other way around.
Parking is good.

Nice park with some friendly people.
All in all we had a blast.
This is within walking distance from my apartment and the park itself is nestled behind an apartment complex.
I appreciated the volume of people here and there were a lot of well mannered pups as well.
Be prepared to come with some rough and tuff clothes because you WILL get dirty.
My doberman and I hope on making this our regular go-to dog park.
We had a blast and look forward to many many more visits.

