Better than average -- but a tad over-priced for what we got.
Not rediculously priced, but somewhat inflated.
Overall, this is another classic "3.5 stars if they had it" review.
I will say this:  the place does what it is supposed to do in a casino.
It isn't the cafe.
It isn't bad or even mundane.
It's a bit more upscale, had a live piano bar going, and wasn't a pretentious place.
The grilled halibut was pretty darn good.
No oily taste and cooked perfectly and thoroughly without being tough.
It delivered but didn't necessarily blow me away.

I really liked my dinner here last night.
I have not been in the restaurant since it was the Via Veneto years ago.
I decided to give it a try after getting a coupon from Suncoast marketing.
I was immediately taken by the change in customer service when I arrived.
The hostess asked me if I wanted a table or booth.
Both of these seat 4 people.
I glanced toward the small bar area and saw small, high top bar tables, and I asked if I could sit there because I was alone.
I was told I could wherever I wanted and she escorted me to a table there.
There is a high cushioned bench running along the wall.
Once you get up on the bench, there's a raised platform for your feet so you can be very comfortable at these tables.
Tami, the bartender, took my order and checked on me after every course was delivered to see if there was anything she could do and to see if I was satisfied with my meal.
When ordering, I asked if the soups were cups or bowls.
Being told they were bowls, Tami then said, "But we can do a cup of soup for you.
"  I ordered the Italian wedding soup that I haven't had in a long time.
For the main course, I chose the veal picatta.
And, they give you choice.
You don't have to take pasta with every entree.
I opted for vegetables that included some roasted potatoes.
That's what I mean by the change in customer service.
Dessert was a tough one.
There were so many choices I wanted to stay for a few desserts.
I decided on the classic mud pie, and it was great!
Cookie crumb crust, at least 3 inches high with coffee ice cream, drizzled with chocolate, and accompanied with some fresh strawberries and a raspberry and blueberry.
I think it was a bit pricey as others have mentioned.
I was quite pleased with the taste of the food and the service was the best!
I will be back, this time with company.

This place is awful.
Go here if you like being disrespected and finding items in your food that are NOT supposed to be there, then being called a liar.

I had dinner here on Wednesday nite, 11/9/11.
The place is very nice, but casual.
The dining area is nice enough, but they have a pretty small and crappy looking bar area.
Really bad in my opinion for a nice restaurant.
The food was mediocre at best.
I had three dinner companions and they agreed with me.
One had the seafood special, another person had the pasta special, and I had the osso bucco, which was another special for the night.
As the followers of my post know, osso bucco is my all-time favorite meal, and whenever I see it on the menu of where I am dining, I have to have it.
I must tell you that it was good, but not outstanding.
It was served over fettuccine noodles, which is the way I like it, but the sauce (gravy) was not very flavorful and the meat was dry.
The portion was of nice size, but the shank and the sauce was mediocre at best.
I took two bottles of $130 wines for us to drink, since I looked at the wine list ahead of time and they did not have any decent wines -- another deficiency if you ask me.
How can you have a nice, higher end Italian restaurant and not have decent wines to select from?
And they did not have any decent scotches  either.
I wanted a scotch before dinner, but they only had mediocre and standard scotches; no higher end or aged scotches.
Again, WTF???
So when the waiter noticed my displeasure with the crappy selection of scotches, he asked me what I was looking for.
I told him any high end stuff, at least single malt, minimum age level of 18 years, preferably 25 years.
He said he had something very special and if I wanted to try it.
ASSUMING THAT THE A-HOLE knew what he was talking about, I said, sure, bring it to me.
So he brings me one shot, neat, in a big, wide, stemless Cabernet glass.
So I start to drink it and it was nice, but it did not taste like scotch.
In a moment my mind tells me that this is cognac and I call the idiot waiter over and he agrees.
Before I start to chastise him, my host, the casino boss, interrupts and tells me to forget it and he will handle the problem later.
Now I think that kind of problem is significant from not only a customer service perspective but also from an economic perspective -- from both a customer's and the casino's point of view.
Especially since was a shot of Louis XIII cognac at $160 a shot.
Lucky I was not paying for this because I would be super pissed if I was.
So although this snafu is part of my displeasure with this establishment, my rating is primarily based upon the mediocre food, crappy bar area, and crappy selection of cocktails.

The servers are great and make you feel very special.
The hostess is a younger girl that doesn't have the greatest personality, but is adequate.
The food is very good.
Very nice atmosphere and comfortable booths.
All the appetizers are really delicious.
The salads are very good.
Older crowd but very quiet considering it's usually packed.

I'am sorry to report the food here at Salvatore's stinks.
Nothing tasted very good.
Thanks for the great service.

One of our favorite places when we lived in Vegas, we always drop in when we go back to the old neighborhood.
We're pleased that they still have our favorite items on the menu:  Bruschetta, $7  Pasta Fagioli, $8  Mozzarella alla Caprese, $10  Gnocchi di Ricotta, $15 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salvatores-las-vegas?select=h0VmLNoc0DnQ3youXGdGxA#h0VmLNoc0DnQ3youXGdGxA  Spaghetti w/Meatballs, $16 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salvatores-las-vegas?select=IpQejeEhxhX-VW3kmGhoQg#IpQejeEhxhX-VW3kmGhoQg  My personal favorite is the Gnocchi of course.
I always get it, either as an appetizer/side or an entree.
This past visit was no different.
I got it as a side dish and had the Spaghetti and Meatballs for my entree.
Both were awesome.
The Better Half and I split the Mozzarella alla Caprese for our appetizer, which was perfect.
Service here is very good.
There are a couple of servers that we remember and they stopped by our booth to say hello.
We miss this place.
Return Factor - 85%

Wish Chef would find another location outside of Suncoast.
His recipes are very good.
Service could be better.

Dont know why this place is getting such bad reviews, ive been going here for years and i have to say this place is phenomenal and one of my favorite italian restaurants in summerlin, the bread is always soft and delicious and the servers are so nice and friendly!
:) and do even get me started on the food!
Their chicken parm is to die for!
The atmosphere is so beautiful to the dim lighting and live music really class up the joint

We had relatives in town so our Aunt decided that she wanted to treat us out for dinner and chose this place.
Salvatore's is a fine dining Italian restaurant.
From the moment you walk in to the moment that you walk out you're treated the way you should be in any fine dining establishment.
You're greeted, seated and treated amazing.
They had a gentleman on the piano singing and jamming away.
Ambience was a nice change from loud, smokey room just outside.
Here's why I'm only rating this place 2 stars...
It was my risotto.
I don't know if I'm accustomed to the wrong version or they were trying to put their own twist in things but I'm used to risotto being cheesy and creamy this risotto had a tomato based sauce and maybe I would've their version-- if it tasted good but it didn't :(  Unfortunately I'd rather go to Olive Garden.
But if I'm meeting someone for drinks and want a quiet and intimate place, this would be a 5 star experience :)

Fabulous place for Valentines Day.
Table of 8 and everyone loved their entree.
Big shout out for Billy, our waiter.
He handled what can be a difficult group with ease, great service and humor.
Altogether it was a memorable experience.

Fine dining at its best!!!!
My husband and I absolutely love this restaurant!
Every time we go to Salvatore's we are warmly welcomed by the staff, quickly sat and always a personal welcome from the restaurants owner, Bob.
The food is always amazing!
Overall always a wonderful experience!
I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting to enjoy a romantic evening or just some amazing Italian food!

