These guys are living the American dream.
They are experienced and certified pool guys who have started their own business and are doing a great job.
Very friendly and all in all, great guys.
They let themselves in and out without bothering, have a regular time so we know to expect them, and let us know when if there are any issues.
And... the pool looks as good as it ever has.

I have referred Pool Boys to several of my customers and they have all been very happy.
Thanks Pool Boys

These guys are awesome!
My kids never complain about the chlorine burning their eyes because they always have the chemicals just right!
Their prices are fantastic for all they do!
Thanks guys!

As a residential REALTOR, we've hired Phoenix Pool Boys for our own private pool and referred them to numerous clients of ours as well.
We've always been very satisfied with their customer service and their pricing, and that's what really matters when we're referring a pool service company!

The guys at Phoenix Pool Boys are probably the best I've ever had taking care of a pool, and I've had pools in the Valley for 32 years now!
They show up when they say, and the pool has not been a worry whatsoever.
The best part is that they are very competitively priced.
I also referred PPB's to my daughter a few months back who was very unhappy with the pool service she had.
She actually called me to say the PBB was 'da bomb' (whatever that means!

This is exactly why people should yelp more !!
Called them after looking at reviews and got a to the point professional pool service.
It was a minor issue with the pump which was quickly resolved and got  a few helpful tips along the way.
No outrageous charges.
Hope I don't have to call them again soon but have found someone I will call for any pool issues till either they go out of business (seems unlikely) or I leave the area.

I don't always give five stars.
Check!
I only do it when a company truly deserves the rating, and The Phoenix Pool Boys do.
I'm in real estate and have had to interact with many pool companies.
I have seen many of them go to a house to clean the pool and they're out of there in five minutes.
A quick swipe of the pool net to remove debris, a quick brush of the sides (if you're lucky), two chlorine tablets dropped in the filter basket and they're GONE.
Not the Phoenix Pool Boys.
They take their time to make sure the pool is truly cleaned.
And if you hire them to keep the chemicals balanced, they will make sure it is.
Try the Phoenix Pool Boys and happy swimming.

Apparently they don't have room for new customers, but they do have a list of competitors you can have but they don't know how well these guys work so that's really of no use.
Sorry you're too busy!
I'll find my own company.

Remarkable service, great quality and very professional.
Excellent follow-up and responsive!
Provided a thorough list of recommendations and showed me the work he would do in advance.
I would HIGHLY recommend for anyone with a pool to use Phoenix Pool Boys - Impressive!

