The West Room is just perfect.
The inside is modern, yet cozy and unassuming.
The pints continue to fizz until the last drop and the cocktails are smooth as a baby's butt (sorry if that's an unappetizing simile).
The food is delish and very well-presented.
We ordered the smoked haddock fish cakes and the steak.
Both were scrumptious and, at around £8 each, were a steal of a deal.
Also noteworthy: the groovy tunes.
Highly recommended.

The West Room is a strange mix of the pleasant and odd.
You are greeted warmly.
The decor is stylish, contemporary, clean.
The plastic furniture is fine.
The large sports screen seems very out of place.
Lunched here recently with a friend.
Neither of us were particularly fussed for our mains, but, as my dining companion pointed out, we did make poor choices (I had the mussels.
I really should know better by now).
The pâté and bread-and-butter-pudding I had for my starter and dessert respectively, however, were scrumptious.
The service was very friendly yet things took a while, even though the place wasn't that busy.
If this place made up its mind it it was supposed to be a gastropub, a sports bar, or a hip eatery, it could be really something.

Smart and stylish, The West Room has an enticing cocktail menu, but I'm not sure the food was good enough to merit a repeat visit.
Overall, we said: "the West Room is smart and appealing, but I'm not convinced it's all it could be or wants to be.
Their menu doesn't quite compel you towards the dishes it wants to serve you, so could use a little trimming to focus it better.
It likes to market itself as the west end's "hidden gem".
Certainly, if you stumble upon it on your travels, I think you'll be impressed, but impressed enough for regular repeat visits?
I'm not so sure of that, as things stand.

Maybe I was having an off night on Friday?
Aaaages ago, a friend told me that there's a bartender in Edinburgh who knows how to make a Periodista, and that he works in the West Room.
The combination of that and the fact that I'd walked by here a number of times and thought it looked good, brought me here when I fled Ryan's Bar on Friday.
My thinking was that, even if they didn't know how to make the drink, surely they would then ask how to make it and have a stab at it, right?
That has been my experience in the past, but unfortunately was not my experience here.
I get that it was a Friday night, but they weren't that busy and I thought that was proper etiquette for a cocktail bar.
So, the lack of cocktail paired with the non-interest in attempting to make it put me off.
We got a couple of beers and, interested in getting some food, headed to the food area in the back only to learn that the tables were booked.
Well that's really completely fair enough for a Friday, but they very kind waitress actually came and found us when a table opened up and invited us to sit down.
Unfortunately by that time we were on our way out the door, but I did appreciate her effort.
All in all, The West Room just ended up being one more watering hole in the west end, and didn't really offer anything particularly special to warrant going out of my way for a return visit.

Great breakfast rolls, great service!
Just what was needed on a dreich day in the capital.

We stopped here for a full Scottish breakfast, and were absolutely delighted.
The decor is modern yet quirky, the service was top notch, and the food was really wonderful.
Can't recommend it highly enough for a breakfast bap or the full works.
Delicious coffee too.

Let me tell you why I like this place.
It's not the quirkiness of the atmosphere with it's wooden tables and multi-color chairs.
It's not the staff, who were friendly even on a Friday morning.
It's not the menu, which was a nice mix of breakfast items.
It's not even that they give you a tiny chocolate chip cookie with your coffee.
Although I like all of these things.
No, why this place holds a special point in my heart is this: When I was craving mussels - I mean, murderously murdering men for mussels - and it was stupid early in the morning... they still made me mussels.
And they even warmed up some bread to go with it.
And that is why these guys are the winners.
They win.
Hands down, the winner.

HIM: Stopped in after dinner for drinks and dessert.
The Church & State cocktail was expertly made - one of the best cocktails I have ever had.
So good, that I had two!
For dessert, we had the banana bread with dark chocolate ice cream.
This dessert gives new meaning to delicious!
The service was personal; yet, professional.
HER: I was happy with my glass of wine and bite of HIS dessert.
He so loved his cocktail.
It was a pleasure to see that.
The wonderfully quirky decor, the staff, the general ambiance were all fabulous.
The food being served to those around us looked awesome and the prices are reasonable.
Though we are only on a one week holiday, we will be heading back to The West Room!

the west end of edinburgh is sort of like unchartered territory for me.
i pass through every now and then but i never stay for too long.
however, it was a beautiful sunny monday lunch time and the boy and i needed to grab a bite before heading to the cinema.
having been to the west room once for a quick drink i suggested we go for lunch.
on entering we were welcomed by friendly wait staff who offered us any table as it was monday and not very busy.
there are some cool tall turquiose arm chairs near the bar but sadly these were taken so we headed to the main dining area and grabbed a table that was in the sunshine coming through the window.
the menu isn't huge but has a good selection of bistro classics.
there is fish and chips, caesar salad, burgers, and a nice selection of sandwiches.
i opted for a rare roast beef and horseradish sandwich that came with handcut chips.
i added a grey goose le fizz as it was sunny and afternoon cocktails are the best!
the boy got the pulled pork sandwich with a mug of the fish chowder to accompany it.
food arrived shortly after my drink (which was lovely and refreshing sort of like a lemon drop!
) and did not disappoint.
my rare roast beef sandwich was lovely with a good slathering of horseradish on the bun that made it really tasty.
the hand cut chips were good although i prefer mine a wee bit more crispy.
the bite i had of the pulled pork sandwich was also really nice so overall everything was quite tasty and made a satisfying lunch.
i think what's great about this place is it's not too pricey.
had we not opted to have a few drinks the sandwiches would have only cost us £6.50 each which is a pretty good deal for a freshly made meal.
as this is the centre of town though drinks are a wee bit pricey, the cheapest being £6.50 so this added a bit to the bill.
however, for a nice ambiance, good food, and friendly staff i was happy to pay the price.
i definitely will be back here to try some more cocktails when the sun is shining again :)

Unusual set up.
So many chairs!
There is a high table extending from the bar with bar stools and some funkidelic designer chairs along the opposing wall.
Similar chairs & tables in the back (food area?).
The chairs and tables outside almost seemed like an afterthought compared to the designer innards of the place.
I was there to wait for friend so I decided to order a bottle of beer while waiting.
£4.50 - you what?!
I checked if I got a limited edition or something that somehow explained that this beer warranted such a price tag.
Was it imported perhaps?
Was it a special ingredient?
Nothing.
It was a simple Innis & Gunn which is tasty, but the best part of a fiver tasty?
I am put off by the high price for beverages and will not seek out to return here voluntarily.

Went for a Sunday brunch catchup with some friends and fell in love.
The food was phenomenal!
I ordered a bloody mary and while it was delicious, it was a bit spicy for my taste.
But the food.
My god THE FOOD!
I got eggs benedict with hash brown and loved it so much I even ordered more hash browns afterward.
My friends got the steak burger, more eggs benedict, and pancakes with bacon.
After significant sampling, I can assuredly say that everything was absolute perfection.
The service was good but it did take a while for the food to come.
It also seemed longer because I was so excited.
Another reviewer was right, this is the best brunch in Edinburgh's West End, and it was easily the best brunch I've had in the city.

Eggs Benedict were great and I loved the eye for details in the decor of the place.
Definitely a good tip for a Sunday Brunch!

