I love this place, you can get great titles for cheap if you buy used.
Normally you get good stuff even if it's used.
If it is busted they will replace it.
I got my Nintendo DSi XL here.
They remind me of a place I used to go to a place called Gamers on S. Rainbow near Spring Valley by Vons.
Oh well, Gamestop is awesome.
Not a lot of cash but want a cool game, try Gamestop, you may like it.

i usually never step foot in a gaming store especially since i barely play video games.. but since i'll be in vegas for awhile and my parents have every single gaming system known to man.. i might as well do something to pass the time!
i've been feeling fat lately so i decided to go on exercise routine.. this consists of running on a treadmill.. doing the ab pro machine.. and lifting some small dumbbells lying around the house.. (did i mention they have every exercising equipment know to man too)  anyway.. i decided to throw the wii in the routine as well.. i've been on that just dance game so i needed something different..  i saw a commercial the other day on tv for the zumba game.. yay to my surprise i stopped in last night and they had one more left!!
comes with a belt and all to wear the remote around your hips.. this is going to interesting.. but in all.. the store was nice, clean, and organized.. the big salesman was informative and helpful.. and my game was also on sale.. can't get any better.. :)

I used to live in this part of town and moved accross the valley..
I'm still buying games at this location though..
Knowledgeable and helpful staff, these guys know their games.. sometimes the line backs up on you a little though.. it's a location thing  buy games from these guys, they're cool.. great selection of used games... which reminds me, i need to visit again lol ^_^

The staff is really friendly at this location & the store is always well kept :)

Well another foray into land of the What the F*€k.
I chose this Henderson location to exchange a broken controller purchased from the "worlds worst" GameStop on Windmill, in hopes of a better experience.
I arrived, just to sit in the parking lot until five minutes after opening, waiting for Dildo Baggins to lumber on over to unlock the door.
Finally, got to exchange my controller, salesman said this one felt "nice and spongy", got home to find out the latest controller was also wrecked.
This GameStop gets 2 stars only because the salesperson was conscious.

I've been to many gamestops and I always keep coming back to this one.
The customer service is amazing everyone is really nice an helpful even though its constantly packed in there.
I get great recommendations there and bob is awesome he knows his stuff!

This gamestops been one that I've been going to since they first opened.
I've been to over 10 different locations in town and this ones by far your best choice for gamestops.
Its a very large store and very clean.
They have a very large selection to choose from so chances are they have the game you want.
The lines are the only thing I can complain about here, but the process of trading flgames in can take a while, so just browse around till your next.
Also go when the manager is around, he will help you get an even better deal.

Horrible customer service...
Gave me run around 3 times while attempting to exchange a system.
I'll take my business else where.

