East Coast is the government run train service which runs from Londons Kings Cross to Inverness, although sometimes it terminates at Aberdeen or Edinburgh.
I use the East Coast train service to travel between London and Edinburgh, I flirted with flying between the two, but I worked out that it is cheaper for me when I have an 16-25 national rail card and there really isn't all that much difference in time when you take into account security checks, getting to the airport and waiting for luggage etc.
If you do make the journey by train, make sure you book well in advance, because the prices can be pretty painful when you book on the day or even one or two days before.
Whatever you do, make sure you do not pay on the train as this can cost over a hundred pounds!
All East Coast trains have a free wi-fi service which is really cool and really does make the train journey go that little bit faster.
There is also a trolley service that comes around, but it does not provide good value for money, so make sure that you stock up on food before you get on the train.

How odd.
Either I did something wrong, or things have changed since the previous yelper wrote about East Coast trains.
While they do offer free wi-fi, it's only available for fifteen minutes before you're cut off and have to pay for continued service.
Lamez0rz.
At any rate... my trip between Edinburgh and London was effectively on the party train!
It seemed like everyone else in my coach car had brought on board bountiful bottles of booze, and you could hear it for the entire trip...
In fact, not only did the girls in the seats in front of me have cider and chianti, they'd brought fun penis straws to drink out of, too.
Unfortunately, I ascertained that they had -neglected- to bring their tickets, based on a huffy, loud, and lengthy conversation with the train conductor.
Needless to say, the less-than-lovely ladies were punted at the next station.
Toodles!
On an up note, I did make it in one piece from Point A to Point B.
And that's what transportation is for, right?

To be honest these guys saved me a hell of a lot of money this weekend.
So its Sunday, its 4pm, I am in Newcastle and its the end of a wild stag weekend.
Me and my partner in crime Kev have been back on the booze since 12pm and are well feeling relaxed.
We go to the station to get the tickets and without thinking go to get through the barriers, my ticket doesn't work but a nice girl waves me through and then Kev tries and is denied.
We then look at the tickets and it become clear he has booked us tickets from Edinburgh to Newcastle and not vice versa.
Being very apologetic we are told to talk to the train guard and to run to platform 3.
So we get there and right enough an east cost train is there.....BUT .....there is also one on platform 4.
We glance at the boars and see Edinburgh 4.
So dash to platform 4 and off we go.
We dump our bags and make a beeline for the catering bar.
2 x stella = £5 = winner!
We make a joke to the girl serving us about bothering all the way home....... she then points out we are on the London train NOT the Edinburgh train.
OOOOPPS!
A very amused train guard tells us to get off at Darlington and switch to the next train.
Thankfully the next guard also sees the funny side and we got back to Edinburgh 3 hours late, several many stellas down but with no extra tickets prices!
Thank you east Coast trains!!

Always book a seat... First for standard in advance...
The best to London...

