I love Café Renroc.
It's actually been a godsend to me in recent weeks, as, faced with tight deadlines from work and the absence of internet in my flat, I've been desperately seeking somewhere that serves good coffee, is open early, and has reliable wi-fi.
You wouldn't think that combination of factors would be so difficult to find, but in my part of town I've been struggling.
And then I stumbled across this tiny café/bar in Montgomery Street, and it was Renroc to the rescue!
Other reasons I like it are its continental feel, with tables outside that are always packed on sunny days, the friendly staff,stylish decor, and range of simple but classy food.
It's not super cheap, and in fact seems to have a clientele exclusively made up of wealthy, eating-out-for-breakfast types, but it's very nice all the same.

I love it!
I go to a lot of cafés, and there are only so many times a slightly retro, bare wall, comfy couch café can feel unique or special.
There's a lot of cafés I love, but most around the 4 star mark.
But Café Renroc was a little haven of candlelit warmth on a very cold December night.
It's tucked up on Montgomery Street, so not somewhere people would pass a lot.
It sits on the corner, in black, and in the dark of a 4.30pm winter's eve it blended in almost entirely.
Apart from the warm glow of candles.
I immediately loved the ambience and vibe as soon as I walked in.
I can't put my finger on it, but it just felt very homely.
There are a few tables upstairs but lots more downstairs (although it's still not huge).
My coffee-drinking partner in crime, Louise C, had managed to get us the couch in the alcove downstairs and it was just lovely.
There was a humble selection of cakes, but Café Renroc isn't a coffee and cake café.
It's also liscened as a bar and has some delicious sounding hot food options.
They also had a festive menu with the likes of seared tuna with bubble & squeak, that sounded just mmm yum.
I only had a wee ginger lemon tea, and Louise a tasty bit of millionare shortbread.
But largely down to the staff (so friendly I already feel like I'm a welcomed regular after one visit) and the lovely setting, along with what promises to be a very good menu.
I'll report back once I've had brunch here (maybe a CMYE Brunchy Munchy, what d'y'think guys?
)  Hidden off Easter Road and Leith Walk, this wee café bar is well worth seeking out.

SO - I am totally confuzzled as what to put here... compared with how Cafe Renroc used to be, there is no comparison - it is streaks ahead!
The owner, I believe, used to be Chef for the Montpellier Group - so knows his stuff & it definitely shows...when he's there!
Atmosphere is cool, relaxed & a great wee hideaway (they also have a beautician who shares the space out the back - DEFINITELY recommend!).
I introduced quite a few people to this corner of the community & 90% of the time it was a hit!
The food was extremely generous, and the coffee great!
So... it is with great despair that I give it a 3 stars - however, when the owner is not there 1 of the waitresses will put together your brunch, your panini etc.... and this is where the problems have arisen as she is not a trained chef, or even a kitchen hand!
On receiving "bowl shaped" scrambled eggs - she mentioned "I don't really know how to work the microwave" ...
If you go in for food, and there is not the male chef downstairs ... walk back out.
Always a safe option if you are just there for tea or coffee ....

Cafe Renroc is so fabulously flexible in what it offers.
Whether its Saturday afternoon coffee, Sunday brunch, a glass of vino on the way home from work or somewhere to meet up with friends, it delivers a comfortable experience and genuinely fine ambience.
In better weather, sit outside and enjoy the sunshine or in the winter enjoy the sofas inside.
Food is wholesome and simple.
Handy for a range of other goodies in and around the top of Leith Walk, Elm Row and Easter Road.

Popped in here for a quick breakfast, as the missus had been wanting to try this place for a while.
The food and service were great.
One of those rare things in life when you dining partner orders the veggie breakfast and you jealousy eye what they have recieved over your full scottish fry.
The decor is contemporay with lots of really nice touches.
We were seated downstairs and the theme followed through.
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.
Couldnt fault the place and will be back next time I find myself needing some sustenance during the day while in leith.

Generally very good but could be better in a few areas.
The food is fresh with one exception so far, the pancakes.
These are made ahead and it shows.
They are hard and served drowning in syrup which I don't like.
That said, the other breakfast and brunch items are excellent, esp.
the eggs.
Would like to see them add a vegetarian full Monty or Half Monty with fried mushrooms, tomatoes and tattie scones and a nice Benedict option.
I have enjoyed the sandwiches and salads and I love the feel of the place.
The service is great.
So check them out.
Good coffee.
Nice atmo.

