New place with a lot of kinks to work out!
First off having the entrance at the far right side of the place is just wrong.
I am not sure how long Biscuits has been open, but it is obvious that they are struggling with a new restaurant concept here in Ahwatukee  We were greeted promptly on the way in, and shown to a booth in the front foyer that seems like the rear of the place.
The overall colors of the place were uninviting, dismal, and drab.
Then things started to get interesting.
I asked if I could get just one of their "Champion Pancakes" on the side, as I did not need 2 of them.
I was told that I could not, since it was different from just the regular side pancake...whatever!
I would have paid for the upgrade.
Nevertheless I ordered the Champion Pancakes ($8.79), just 2 pancakes with huge boat of syrup, orange wheel, and kale.
My friend ordered an "Omelet" with jalapenos added in, and requested her hashbrowns extra crispy.
Coffee and water were the beverages of choice.
My pancakes were awful.
They were very thin, yet totally doughy and undercooked.
I am not in the habit of sending things back, but since they were new I felt obligated to let them know.
I changed my order to Bacon & Eggs.
This was brought out in a timely manner.
I told our server that he should suggest the Biscuits Breakfast option.
That includes hashbrowns, biscuit, eggs, and choice of bacon, ham, or sausage.
I just received bacon & eggs.
Yes I know that is what I ordered, but being a fan of bacon and eggs, one usually has the option for full meal.
I was charged for a side of eggs, side of bacon, and my coffee.
I did receive a biscuit with my meal and it was nothing special.
It tasted like a regular Bisquick recipe.
My friend received the omelet minus the hashbrowns, and was told that they were still working on making them crispy.
The food should arrive together!
Let it sit in the window wherever and bring it out all together.
Needless to say the omelet was so so, very basic and hardly any cheese.
The biscuit (The signature name of this restaurant) never arrived with the omelet!
How does one forget to include their Namesake on orders?
Overall I don't think that I will be going back anytime soon.
There are other places out there that are much better.
For being locally owned and family run, a breakfast chain is much better.
Biscuits is nothing special.

New in Ahwatukee area and probably a great example of why Restaurants have such a great failure rate.
A great concept very poorly executed!
While my "Test Breakfast" was absolutely awful, I was more interested in the comments of the people around me.
"Very slow service.
"   "Doesn't taste like a pancake.
"  "Even the coffee is awful.
"  "This sausage tastes like bologna.
"  My "Test?
"  Sausage Gravy and Biscuits.
Seems for a place named "Biscuits," this dish should be a trademark signature dish.
Absolutely awful taste!
Made with link sausage and the fellow "breakfaster" was correct, when he said that the sausage tasted like bologna!
The gravy was pasty and tasted like flour with no sausage taste at all.
Not even a butter taste to it.
Quite possibly the worst I have ever had!
The biscuits you ask?
Awful as well, being thin and tasteless bordering on way too salty and equally inedible.
Incidentally, when asked "how was everything" I replied "not good," the Cashier didn't follow up to ask what was wrong, she just gave me my change and said "thanks for coming in.
"  They will have to get lots better in order to make it.
I won't try it again, but my prediction is they won't last.

Exactly what Ahwatukee needed.
Great food and service every time I visit.
The chicken fried steak and eggs with sausage gravy that barely fits on the plate is a favorite of mine for breakfast.
The club and patty melt for lunch are both very good choices.
The french fries are not the greatest but the onion rings are awesome!

I've been there two times now.
I'm a big lover of biscuits and gravy.
There's are pretty good.
They are very "midwest" -- meaning thick and homemade.
I love the biscuits as well.
If you ask for Biscuits and Gravy you will get two big biscuits split in 1/2 and covered generously with gravy.
PLENTY for 2 people and I'm a big eater!
My husband really likes the place too.
We got good service, friendly and it was affordable.
I will go again, despite what a few are saying, I haven't experienced that.
Maybe they are not conosuers of biscuits and gravy from "back home.
" But since I am...I give it 4 thumbs up!

I went for lunch today with friends after a hike.
We were hungry.
I had a lunch meal.
The sandwich was fresh, hot and generous.
My side salad was wilted.
I would have thrown out the lettuce in my home.
One of my friends had a traditional breakfast, and he said he was great.
Eggs cook properly, and again generous portions.
My last friend (at breakfast, not on the face of the earth)  had a breakfast burrito, and said it was very good.
I think my salad was the weakest link.
The service was good, and everyone seemed very friendly.
We were seated within 10 minutes, and being warned there would be a wait.
They left carafes of coffee, iced tea, and soda on the table for self-refilling.
The prices were fine.
I'd go back, but avoid the salad...at least at lunch time.

Good little Mom & Pop breakfast joint.
The owner is retired Marine Corps Gunnery Sergeant and is super friendly.
Being a Marine veteran myself, this place has already scored points with me.
The food's pretty good, better than average but definitely has some room for improvements; not enough to turn me away from the place.
Being a creature of habit, I always get the country fried steak and eggs with a biscuit.
They're fairly consistent with their preparation of it too.
Coffee is....well, it's diner coffee, which really only adds to the charm of the place because really, I do sort of see it more of a diner than a restaurant.
I think they should really throw in a counter and some stools.
And of course their biscuits...  By naming your place Biscuits, I think you set the customer's expectations of the biscuits pretty high.
Don't expect too much and you'll find that their biscuits are pretty good.

I went there this past weekend for the first time.
It was around noon and we were seated right away.
I was impressed by the amount of people in the place and the fact that while we ate they kept strolling in.
Breakfast and lunch all day.
I got the  typical eggs, country potatoes, bacon and the biscuit that comes with the meal.
Eggs were cooked as ordered, the biscuit was nice and fresh and the bacon nice and crispy.
My only disapointment was the portion of country potatoes, I think there was more onion than potato.
Next time I will ask if they can go easy on the onion.
The place was clean and staff seemed friendly.
I would defitnitley go back, I would like my husband to give it a taste.

This is a great example of an old style diner.
The average age on Sunday morning was 60+ and all heavy eaters.
The food was good to average.
I enjoyed the pancake, biscuit, eggs, grits and ham steak.
I sampled the gravy and it seemed pretty good as long as you like pepper.
Overall I thought this place deserved better reviews than I read.
We had great service and we were seated right away.
My only suggestion would be that someone sell them some homemade local jelly or jam to top their biscuits with.
I mean come on....small packets of Smuckers for their signature item?

This place has breakfast that is like your momma's kitchen (if your momma can cook :-)  I like Cracker Barrel, but in my opinion, Biscuits has them beat.
The staff is really friendly.
I've eaten: Eggs, pancakes, turkey sausage, Chirozos w/scrambled eggs, steel-cut oatmeal, fried catfish, and of course biscuits - and will be back to try everything else on the menu!
The important thing that has to be done now, is that we keep eating here, so that they will stay open  -or-  the option will be: don't keep eating here and let it close down and be stuck eating corporatization food.

There's two ways to look at this place.
One is getting quality food at a good price.
The other is getting a lot of food for a cheap price.
I prefer the former but those who prefer the latter won't agree with my review.
I thought the scramble I had was okay but nothing fantastic.
I definitely didn't care for the biscuits.
The food wasn't health conscious at all but if you're looking to fill up with calories and get a good-sized portion then this is your type of place.
Also, I am not a fan of the diner-type ambiance...
I would rather have something with more character but I'm glad I tried this place out.

Food was ehhhh!
Nothing to brag about and whole wheat pancakes were blah!
Kids menu was expensive for 3.99 for one  Mickey Mouse pancake and one sausage.
DRINK not INCLUDED!

This is our favorite breakfast place.
The food is good.
They have the best biscuits & gravy of any restaurant I have eaten at.
The wait staff is friendly.
The only complaint I have is that Sunday mornings are packed, so there can be a wait to be seated.

We were cruising through town and randomly picked Biscuits.
After enjoying the fantastic breakfast (and delish milkshakes!
) I noticed that not only did our waitress make certain that we were taken care of, everyone that walked by the table always made certain that we had full drinks, if we needed anything, etc.
Biscuits team of upbeat, positive servers and staff were fantastic and made this a five star experience for all of us!
What a team!!
It was so great, we ended up going back again the next day.
Go Biscuits!

I went here for breakfast last week because I had a Groupon, and it was just ok.
The service was fine, we had a nice woman as a waitress who was attentive.
I thought the coffee was good, it had a nice nutty flavor.
I ordered an omelet with avocado, onion, broccoli, and asparagus.
I thought it was fine, but nothing special.
The cheese they used didn't have a ton of flavor and I thought the home fries had a really weird flavor.
The biscuit... which should have been really good.... was not so good.
It was not flaky nor did it taste like what I expect from a good biscuit....
The BF got the biscuits and gravy and said he liked it, so that's why I added another star.
Overall, I would not go out of my way to eat here again.

Food is good nothing to rave about but plentiful and just dont be in a hurry.
Hours are bad.
I bought the Groupon thing and cant use it because they close so darn early.
The lady told me "Oh well we are open late on Friday nights!
" (ya 7pm is not late here in the Tuke lady.
)  I agree with the first review, it would be nice to have the entrance in the front, guess they didn't want to pay for that remodel.
Ultimately, I miss Chueys.

My lunch crew warned me that the food and service had gone downhill.
I went there with my husband for fish fry.
I told him about the breakfast.
However, they don't serve breakfast in the evening.
They have a very limited menu.
I had the fish sandwich with fries and soup, for 9.89, my husband had the fish fry, cole slaw and fries for 9.89 (no soup or salad) The clam chowder was awful, it tasted like corn starch and only had a couple potatoes and no clams.
The fish itself was good, but the fries tasted stale.
The breakfast might still be ok, but after such a disappointing dinner, I won't be back.
It is a shame, this place used to be good.

It wasn't bad.
We really like finding non-chain breakfast places and the whole family enjoyed their meal.
I agree with several reviews that the signature biscuits were just so-so.

We ordered here for lunch today with our office.
The food was amazing.
The people were nice as can be.
We ordered the fish and chips, taco salad, and AZ Chicken salad.
The portions are big and the food was fresh and so tasty.
We found a new place!!!
YUMMMMMMYY

When we get the craving for that home cooked comfort food, this is where my wife and I go.
The menu is all good old fashioned food, and there are times I appreciate a straight forward meal that hasn't been messed with.
I do like the food, a lot.
This is the type of meal the chain restaurants try to copy and market as "home cooking", that stuff doesn't hold a candle to the real deal.
The service is outstanding.
The staff is so nice, one of the servers has become an auntie to our 1 yr old son.
He just beams every time he sees her.
I really like that it's local and they use local and organic whenever they can.
A big plus for me.
Spam.
They have a WW II Spam & eggs breakfast plate on the menu that I just had-to, had-to try.
How does it get more home cooking than that?
Oh, by having S&!# On a Shingle, that's how.
I grew up in small farming communities in the Intermountain West, so this place felt like home to me.
Forget the douchebaggery, this place is as real as it gets.

Everyone says the service is excellent, and it's not bad.
I'm not sure I would lead my review with it.
They were attentive, but I don't know about it being over-the-top good.
We had some food mishaps that they fixed for us quickly, which was nice.
There is tabasco sauce in the hollandaise for some reason.
It's not a lot, and I actually kind of liked it, but the person I was with who ordered it could not handle the heat.
I figured that would be something you would point out in the menu.
The rest of the food was good, but nothing to write home about.
Very country and very comforting, but all super heavy and nothing screamed homemade.
It was a good meal, but not a great one.
Would I go there again ....  maybe.

Stumbled upon this place because it looked so ma and pa.. you sit yourself by the way.
I RARELY eat fish and chips and I felt adventurous today, so I went ahead and ordered- whoo.
Besides, the rest of the menu was breakfast items and I wanted to get something different!
The Crispy, hot, flat pieces of fried fish over a bed of fries and cool bowl of coleslaw made my day.
It was comfort food that hit the spot.
The server especially caught my attention because she was on top of everything and made seafood recommendations to me as I went up to pay.
She didn't seem like a waitress that hated her job.
They close at 7pm on the weekend- what's that all about?

I checked out this place with a Groupon deal, and boy am I glad that I didn't pay full price!
For a place called Biscuits you'd think that their biscuits would be superb, right?
Sorry, that's not the case here.
Their biscuits tasted like they were baked several days ago and were microwaved.
They were dry and hard on the bottom.
I ordered a hotdog, which was on a bun that I think I've purchased at the grocery store... y'know, the kind you get in an 8-ct package for $0.99.
The fries tasted like they were frozen.
My friend ordered the southern style chicken strips.
He figured they'd be really good since they were $9 and were listed as a house specialty.
Sorry, but it seems like these were frozen, too, and the fries were the same ones I got.
To top off the whole experience, the waitress was snippy and didn't want to take our Groupons.
They said one per person and she was convinced that they should be one per table.
TL/DR version: Overpriced food for what I can get at Walmart and fry at home or pick up for half the cost at McDonald's.

I've tried their breakfast and was happy with what I had.
I ordered the Portuguese sausage breakfast.
I grew up on this sausage, Linguica, in the Bay Area so I'm used to some good stuff.
This was okay, I didn't get a lot, but enough I suppose.
Eggs were good as well as the hashbrowns.
We ordered a pancake, yes, A, one, for the table and it was very good.
They use REAL butter here, it makes me so happy.
Breakfast was good enough for me to come back and try lunch soon.
I'll re-post after.

A good little b fast place nice value for the portions service was fast staff was friendly

UNBELIEVABLY good!
Possibly the best pancakes I've ever had, the "Champion Pancakes.
"  Made with whole wheat batter, tons of sliced almonds, granola, cinnamon, and blueberries - all stirred into the batter.
I asked for no butter, and they were completely non-greasy.
There are several fruit syrups to choose from as well as REAL maple syrup.
Good grits!
Good, "country potatoes" made fresh, not frozen.
Fresh-squeezed orange juice.
Next time, I'll try the fresh blueberry muffin or the frosted cinnamon roll, but I won't skip those pancakes!
Super wait staff - really friendly and prompt.
A comfortable, spacious, no-hurry atmosphere.
Not the "eat and get out" I've experienced at the chain restaurants.
Easy to find - right off the interstate.
Large parking area - restaurant itself is right next to a strip mall.
I'll be returning each time I visit Phoenix.
Breakfast & lunch...dinner on Friday & Saturday.
15% discount for veterans!

Great food.....service and reasonable prices.
Best eggs Benedict I've had !!!!
Eat breakfast at least once a week here

Great food.....service and reasonable prices.
Best eggs Benedict I've had !!!!
Eat breakfast at least once a week here.
The biscuits and gravy are truly Southern

Eggs, potatoes, bacon were all pretty good.
Oddly, biscuits and gravy were the least impressive part of the meal.
Not a bad meal, but a bit pricey for what it is.

Great food.....service and reasonable prices.
Best eggs Benedict I've had !!!!
Eat breakfast at least once a week here.
The biscuits and gravy are truly Southern

I have wanted to eat at this spot for awhile...
I ended up going for lunch entered this spot and we were seated right away and I looked over the menu so many options...
But I came for the spam I had not eaten it for years...
I ordered the WWll Spam and Eggs - A thick slice of crispy Spam (pork shoulder and ham?
) with two eggs any style and a side of country gravy.
I rate the experience as followed...  Spam - B+ Eggs - B+ County Gravy - B+ Staff - B+ County Potatoes - B  I really enjoyed the meal it was a lot of food...
I ate it all I will be back for sure lots on the menu I want to try.

Just had breakfast here, omelet and pancakes....food was great!!
Kinda like a ma n pa place..a bit pricey for breakfast but portions are big...

Friendly people.
Fast service!
Got the biscuits with scrambled eggs and hash browns.
Food served super hot but tasty and filling.
Comfortable place for Sunday brkfst!

Biscuits is a great breakfast/lunch place.
Be prepared to wait on Sat/Sun mornings but it' always been worth it.
Friendly but busy staff, free coffee while you wait and they always say they are sorry for making you wait.
The decor is back home country.
Reminds me of my grandma's kitchen.
The food is good, and a huge plus for having chicken fried chicken for breakfast, that means no more having to go to nasty cracker barrel for it!
I love the country gravy, love the chicken fried chicken.
The grits seem pre-sweetened and I can see how people might not like that, myself I am all good with that.
Now the one downer is the Biscuits, I am not a huge fan, they are huge and heavy.
I myself like the lighter ones.
I've had breakfast and lunch items both there and all have been lovely.
My best friend swears by the corned beef hash, he orders it as an add on to everything and anything he gets there.
You can eat and get beyond full for two for about 20 bucks and that is a huge plus for me.
The only bad thing we ever got there was a cinnamon roll for my son.
He said it was nasty and couldn't get past one bite, he said it tasted like a hard roll with some funky icing.
I have never myself tried it but it didn't look that good honestly.
But hey, if that is the only minus for them I am ok with that!
I would totally suggest getting over here and give them a try, they are also open late on Friday and Sat's for fish frys!

Good service, food was OK.
I've tried the pancakes twice and how can I put this?
There's no way around it, they're not good.
They were burned the first time and both times hard and not very tasty.
The basic fare (eggs, bacon, potatoes) were good but Biscuits will not be my first breakfast place choice.

My husband and I enjoy going there on the weekends for breakfast.
We also take guests when they come to town because it's close to our house and you can get a homestyle breakfast for a decent price!
They have a wide variety of classic breakfast dishes; something for everyone.
This place is by no means fancy or upscale, it's just a mom and pop restaurant with great breakfast.
The servers are always friendly and the owners do a good job with seating people on the weekend when it's busy.

Great diner, great food, great friendly service.
Love a place that gives you your own coffee pot.
Everything was hot and tasty.
Only reason for not 5 star rating was the bitter tasting coffee.
Arbuckles coffee from Tucson would be my suggestion for superior smooth tasting coffee.
I noticed others on yelp said the same thing about the harsh taste.
Yes I do plan on revisiting soon.
I will just pass on the cup o joe.
They did win the best eating place award in their neighborhood this past week and well deserved in my opinion.

I went there yesterday for the first time and had the Eggs Benedict.
OUTSTANDING.
Hash Browns were perfectly seasoned and very tasty.
The hollandaise sauce was to die for and I wish I had toast to sop up every last drop.
My sister thought every thing was a bit salty but she seasoned before tasting so my advice is to taste first then season as we get used to the chain restaurants to under season everything.
This is a place that I have to come back so I can try everything on the menu.

Great breakfast place.
Champion pancakes are great.
Biscuits like mom made.
I will definitely return.

Had a lovely brunch!
Got in just before the lunch rush on a sunday so get in at NOON you'll notice people start coming in groups little after noon.
I had porkchops and egg breakfast with a single pancake.
Meal was great eggs were perfect and biscut was so soft and flakey.
Pancake was WAY bigger than I thought and kind of regretted getting now since I couldn't finish it.
My only bad thing was the porkchop was a little tough for my tastes but still tasty.
My boyfriend had the jalapeno alfredo that has to be the best thing on the menu.
Delicious!
You get the creamy alfredo taste immediatly then this slow addition of the jalapeno taste.
I didn't think it was spicy but my boyfriend was sweating so if u order it it may be different based on your spicy level.
Our waitress was really nice and the entire staff there is so inviting.
I watched I think who was the owner make rounds and chat it up with everyone.
Groups of people there were addressed by name so they must be regulars.
I hope to become one as well.
Thanks for the lovely breakfast!

Everything here is good except the biscuits, coincidentally.
Definitely recommend if you like a hearty breakfast.

Muffins enveloped in brown sugar, smokey thick bacon, biscuits smothered in sausage gravy and fresh eggs and tomatoes.
Hearty all American breakfast!

As a third generation hillbilly once removed, I am always on the look out for good biscuits and gravy.
Not dry heavy bread balls with bacon fat, but real b&g.
Slap my Grandma and kiss my grits if these aren't the best you've ever had!
The biscuits are light and fluffy and the sausage gravy is perfect.
You won't be sorry but you may need to lie down after you eat.

Best breakfast in Ahwatukee, difficult to find a seat at times...awesome biscuits n gravy, huevos rancheros and mickey mouse pancakes for the kids.

The red headed waitress was almost militant.
She was kinda bossy and although she said all the right words her niceness honestly seemed like it was only because she was getting paid.
She has been there since day one and has been the same on the other two occasions I have eaten there.
There were 5 of us which evidently results in a 20% mandatory tip.
Everyone like their fish and shrimp and chips.
My Huevos Rancheros was VERY salty.
This was a real shame because otherwise it would have been very good.
Now, the reason for my two star rating.........MANDATORY 20% TIP!
So the waitress was going to get a good tip no matter what.
We paid some cash and some debit cards.
The waitress came back to tell us we were 83 cents short ...........REALLY?
We all had to scramble in our purses, digging for change while she stood there and patiently waited for her 83 cents.
If it had been me, and I was already getting a nice fat tip I would have let the 83 cents go.
It really just made the whole experience bad.
I will not be rushing back to this restaurant.

First time there for breakfast this morning.
My husband is a real "biscuits and gravy" kinda guy so I figured a place called "Biscuits" would be right up his alley.
Me - I'm more of a benedict girl.
The place was very welcoming and it was obvious that they loved kids.
There's a small play area in the corner of the waiting area which my daughter loved.
They also had bails of hay (covered in pretty quilts) for kids to climb on.
We were promptly seated and our order was taken.
They served us coffee and this was the best coffee I've had outside of my house.
A strong brew with lots of flavor and no bitterness.
On to the meals.
My husband had his all-time favorite, chicken fried steak.
Like a good man, he shared a bit with me.
BEST CFS I've had - as good as TexAz Grill.
My husband always orders gravy on the side - ensures the CFS is crispy.
The steak was very nicely cooked and coated.
The coating had that perfectly peppery taste to it.
The biscuits were soft, fluffy and light - NOT dry or heavy at all.
The gravy was smooth and silky with a very nice full flavor to it.
Gravy is usually heavy, which is why it's not a favorite breakfast choice for me, but this gravy was light and full of flavor with nice chunks of sausage in it.
I just had bacon and eggs... and I would love to know where these folks get their bacon from, because I haven't had bacon that good ever.
The people who worked there were very friendly.
It's a well-run place that we will definitely return to!

Really good neighborhood cafe for breakfast and brunches :)  I have been here like 4 times and each time, they had great service and good food.
In terms of creativity of the menu, this place beats Cracker Barrel but does not have as adventurous a menu as Crackers and Co Cafe, down the road.
The ambience is kind of like a comfortable neighbourhood eatery where u go to for dinner if you are too tired to cook.
Comfortable seats, lots of natural light thru their diner looking windows and a staff that will probably get to know your name after a few times.
Food wise, like what the other reviewers said, they make a mean biscuit.
I know, not everybody is a big fan of it, so get their pancakes instead.
They do put in some biscuit batter in it to give it a very different feeling.
But dun just go there for biscuits haha, other stuff like egg and sausage, are very standard breakfast stuff.
Do check out the portugese sausage instead of the regular ones, a lot more flavorful and a little spicy.
I also had lunch here before, they have a smoked chicken jalapeno alfredo.
I like it very much, its got a lot of chicken and quite a bit of cheese over it.
True the jalapeno does not make it spicy enough for my liking, but its fusion italian so I guess the jalapeno is to enhance its flavor and not dominate it.
Also jalapeno in az is not spicy, if you want spicy pasta, maybe ask them to add a pinch of habanero to the sauce to spice it up.
Its by far one of the best fusion pasta I have had before.
I know its not those fancy fusion food where u get two bites worth of food and U are still hungry and end up with a big check.
This is a pretty decent size plate which will keep you full and happy.
I hear they have an excellent fish fry too on Friday, but like others who reviewed it, they seem to close a little earlier.
But its fine, just go earlier if you really mean to eat there !
:)  or else just do brunch there on a lazy weekend, you will likely be satisfied.
Else let the owners know, they are usually at the counter or going around refilling coffee and asking if you enjoyed your meal and such.

I wanted to like Biscuits, I really did.
The service has always been good, and the staff are very personable.
After three visits I will say the food is quite flavorful, but very carb and fat heavy!
But my biggest issue is that utensils and dishes were not clean two of my three visits!
I don't mind getting an occasional dirty spoon or something, but this was way too consistent for me.
And it makes me wonder how clean and sanitary their overall dishwashing - and even the kitchen - would be.

Okay, to start off with, if you want to eat healthy, keep moving.
This is true southern comfort breakfast food and it was really good.
The staff even put up with two members of my party having a water fight in the middle of eating..

My quick summary:  A really yummy place to eat, but please make reservations.
My fiance and I gathered both our families here for a Sunday brunch to make sure we had all our wedding details finalized.
We knew we'd have a large party and didn't want to wait, so we made reservations.
What a great idea that turned out to be.
This places is PACKED on Sundays.
People walked in, took a look at the crowd, and walked out.
I felt bad for the crowd waiting as they don't have a lot of benches, etc, to sit down on.
Some bales of hay, with blankets thrown over them.
Not my cup of tea, but I know they're trying to stick with the country theme.
We were all seated fairly promptly.
The waitress came by immediately to get our drink orders, but informed us they hadn't gotten their soda delivery so Coke & Diet Coke were not an option (tear).
Our food came fairly quickly.
I had a house omelet with green chilies, chorizo, and a mixture of cheeses.
The omelet was good, but very chorizo heavy.
I found myself search for other flavors.
The hash browns were also crispy and yummy.
Several people at the table ordered their biscuits and gravy & said it was ridiculously delicious.
The kids with us had some of the biggest pancakes I've ever seen.
Overall the service and food was very good.
I'll have no problem going back in the near future.

great neighborhood cafe.
it's on out regular rotation fir breakfast.
weekends sometime a bit of a wait.
no biggie.
about 30 tables and always full.
food is great.
big portions.
my favorite is the chicken fried steak and eggs.

great staff very friendly,  we went looking for really great homemade sausage gravy and biscuits.
Food was ok, eggs and bacon very good.
Gravy  I dont think it was homemade,  its a shame but many restraunts like this add fresh sausage to a canned or powdered gravy,  its ok just not great.
Portion of hashbrowns very small.
Corned beef hash very different had great homemade flavor just lacked enough potatoes, my opinion.
Better than Dennys just not that great breakfast spot we were looking for.

Went back for a 2nd go-round.
This time I got the B&G also.
It really was fantastic.
The gravy was about as perfect as can be with one exception - there weren't any sausage chunks.
I opted for the country potatoes which I did not like at all - they were WAY too onion-y.
The hash browns are great.
This place gets high marks for the service - the owners are very friendly and welcoming.

Met some of the family at Biscuits, a nice locally owned place in the middle of Ahwatukee!
Great Grits, super creamy especially with that butter I added!
Super flaky fluffy biscuit, really fresh didn't even need honey just Mo Buttah!
Finally - SPAM and Eggs!
Oh yes!
Companions had chorizo breakfast burrito and a huge juicy pork chop plate.
They weren't talkin so it must have been GOOD!
Three Thumbs up!

First time here, not very busy this AM.
Great menu homemade Corned Beef Hash.
Yum

I love spam and eggs.
Biscuits serves them and gives vets a 10% discount.
Good enough for me.

Stopped in to get some biscuits and gravy on a Sunday morning.
Food came super fast and was yummy.
Server Lisa was very friendly.
Need more places like this.

Not your same old breakfast place.
Biscuits were awesome, eggs fluffy, potatoes well seasoned.
Huevos Rancheros had just the right kick.
Count me in.

LAURA WAS INCREDIBLE!
Service was excellent.
The burger was a huge surprise as it was one of the best burgers I've ever had.
Definitely going to be a regular meal for me from now on.
Arguably the best breakfast spot in Ahwatukee!

I really wanted to love this place.
My family went there a couple of weeks ago on a late Sunday morning.
There was a short wait but it wasn't too bad.
The atmosphere was warm and homey.
However, everything changed when we met our server.
I wish I could remember her name.
She was probably one of the rudest waitresses I have encountered.
I hate to say that because my husband is also a waiter and I know how difficult it can be.
Anyway, the food was pretty good but comparable to Denny's.
I don't know if I want to go back.

I had the steak and eggs with country potatoes.
The eggs were good, the steak was too fatty and with little taste, the country potatoes were undercooked and still hard.
I also had the biscuits and gravy and they were delicious.
My girlfriend had the eggs benedict and she enjoyed them saying they were very good.
I come to AZ once a year for spring training and I dont think I will be back here.

Very good mom and pop restaurant with nice atmosphere.This is not a place where you go for a healthy breakfast or the atmosphere, unless you're 70.
I ordered the biscuit plate which included biscuits and gravy, eggs, meat and grits.
Like a lot of places I've noticed recently the portions are huge, so unless you have giant sized appetite I'd advise sharing the meal.
My food was warm and had a homemade taste to it.
My waitress was less than friendly, but I chalk that up to maybe she was having a bad day.
When we finished eating the owner (I think) came by and asked if everything was ok because he saw I only ate half of everything but I assured him the food was good but the portions were just so large.
If you want a homemade breakfast this is the place for you.
My breakfast for two was about  $30.00.

I went to Biscuits on a Friday night for dinner.
Their menu featured "Fish Fry Friday" consisting of mostly fish and a few shrimp dishes.
I ordered the fish sandwich with clam chowder soup.
It tasted decent, but nothing too spectacular.
It was what you would expect at a typical restaurant.
The wait staff was very friendly and chatted us up throughout the dinner, and they refilled my water as quickly a I drank it.
Overall a pleasant experience at a local eatery.

It's been hard to find great breakfast joints in Phoenix for some reason.
And then I found Biscuits!!!!
If you're looking to splurge on the calories and have a relaxed home style atmosphere...then this is the place!
If you love biscuits and gravy...then you have to order them here!!!
I'm pretty sure I have never had better.
Eggs over easy were a little greasy, so maybe an omelet would be the better choice.
Bacon is always crisp and hash browns are really good.
Service is great.
I've been 3 times and have no complaints!

Not a good experience at all.
We tried this when it first opened and we were underwhelmed but we decided to give it another chance and that was a mistake.
First, when  went to sip my coffee, there was a dead FLY in it.
I showed it to the server (not my own because we never saw her) and she didnt even apologize and just took it away.
How can you not even acknoweldge it or take it off the bill???
it was nasty!!
The place overall was dirty - dust on the windowsills, old food on table, etc...
While the host was friendly, my server was terrible.
She took our order and dropped our check and that is all we saw of her.
I had to keep flagging other people down to help me (a bus boy, a different server, and the host).
Disappointed I gave it a second chance and will not give it a 3rd or go back.

Sadly, and  they are over priced and less than mediocre food.
The owner makes, in my opinion,racist pig like remarks...ranting and raving about politics which of course, is not the smartest thing to do when you are in business.

Had been here once before when it first opened and was not impressed.
Small portions + big prices turned me away.
Today i thought i had a coupon for this place bit apparently there is a different Biscuits in Mesa.
We were seated, place was busy, figured we might a s well stay.
Our server was slow to greet but in every other way she was polite and efficient.
Probably one of the best servers we have had in a long time.
Thank you Lisa!
I had the biscuit & gravy entree with eggs, bacon and grits.
Grits were a bit too salty/buttery, but still alright.
Son had South Mountain Scramble and said it was pretty good except for the little bit of burnt ham that shouldnt have been in it.
Overall it was tasty and pleased we tried it here again.

One of my favorite places for breakfast.
The chicken fried chicken is amazing!
Try it with the hash browns.
Your taste buds will be thanking you all day!
Really!
Also note worthy are the breakfast burrito with chorizo and the champion pancake!

I was quite surprised....Friday Night Fish Fry=Yummy.
Huge portions of freshly made fish that just melts in your mouth.

Comfort food at it's most comfortable.
I've pretty much go here every weekend for breakfast.
Their chicken fried steaks are well seasoned, tender, and delicious as well as the corned beef hash.
I usually pick between the two and get a side of either a fresh blueberry muffin, which comes out warm and drizzled with brown sugar or a pancake, which is also very tasty.
My only complaint is that I wish the biscuits were bigger.

Best eggs and biscuits I've had.
Definitely worth the trip.

Not the place to go if you are a healthy eater.

The food is fantastic!
It is fresh with quality ingredients and cooked to order.
I always order the chicken-fried-chicken breakfast.
Chicken is moist and juicy with the right amount of and well seasoned crispy breading.
Eggs are cooked perfectly to over easy, as I order them.
The biscuit, fluffy, substantial, moist and flavorful.
Hash browns are somewhat inconsistent; they've been overcooked or slightly burnt occasionally.
Whoever joins me at Biscuits enjoys the quality and taste of whatever they order.
Go for the food, it is homemade and great tasting!
Service is great, except for one unprofessional server (female, shorter, thin with chin length red hair).
If not for the server, I would have given 5 Stars.
This server has been somewhat snippy on two occasions she was assigned to my table.
Another time she could be heard from my table half way across the restaurant near the front door spewing negative, and incorrect information about healthcare policy (keep your politics to yourself in places of business - not all of us agree with you).
Twice, she was at the cashier station and did not acknowledge or thank me.
Most recently, as I approached and handed her my credit card and check, she took them and processed the transaction while continuing a conversation with another server complaining about a server who was scheduled for the upcoming Sunday who was not needed, in her opinion.
She was so worked up that she flipped/threw my receipt on the counter at me, oblivious she was interacting with a person, nonetheless a customer.
I took my receipt and left.
She did not thank me, make eye contact, just yapped on in an irritated tone with negative body language.
This weekend, the customers a table near me left as soon as their meal was served without eating it.
I overheard them tell the host they were not pleased how this same server responded to their complaint of underdone pancakes.
The server jumped in and said, "I didn't mean it," and walked away.
I hope the owners, who seem very nice and professional, are aware/become of the continually problem server and act accordingly.
The weekday regular busser is efficient, professional, and pleasant, as are the other servers.
Biscuits gives back in a nice way too....discounts to all veterans, past or present.

These Biscuits are fantastic!!
The chicken fried steak w/gravy was an excellent choice as the do it right here.

Great stick-to-your ribs kind of cooking.
The grits are out of this world and the pancakes are awesome!

Kids and I hit up Biscuits on a Sunday morning for a late breakfast.
Was warmly greeted, promptly seated, and treated with hospitality you don't always see these days.
I had a house omelette and it was about average in taste.
The country potatoes were good but I did request them a little more done.
The biscuit sole the show for me..wow...really good.
Will come back again in future.

Very fast service, very food food.
Fluffy eggs, crispy bacon, great biscuits, and the CHAMPION PANKCAKE!!!!
Oh man!
Great atmosphere, very friendly staff.
Kinda reminds me of Penrose Diner in South Philly.
So good,,,

Arrived on a packed Sunday morning.
Eclectic, pleasant interior--mix between a barn and a diner.
Told we had a 25-minute wait, but we were seated in 10 minutes.
All waitstaff very pleasant and friendly.
Food arrived quickly--right on the borderline between lukewarm and cold--but we were hungry and they were busy so we didn't send it back.
Their famous biscuits were exactly like the food-service items we had in the Army--pre-crafted from processed dough on their own tray and only required the cooks to put them in the oven for 15 minutes.
Sausage gravy was store-bought and tasted like congealed fat mixed with cornstarch.
Ordered the Meat Lover's plate with grits and eggs over-medium.
Eggs came over-easy, grits were salty.
The Portuguese sausage was tasty--but they only gave me 5 1-inch diameter ovals of meat.
The ham measured 3" x 4" (if that) and was cold.
Needless to say, I was still hungry and this sparse plate cost around $10.
My wife liked her Eggs Benedict and country potatoes.
We split a Champion Pancake order.
Almost $10 for 2--but I think it was worth it.
Whole wheat cakes loaded with granola and fresh fruit items.
The best thing we had for breakfast--and, I think, the only thing that was freshly-prepared.
15% Military discount brought final tally to $35 before tip.
I was really not a big fan, but my wife said it was worth it for the pancakes.
Not sure if we'll be back.

My husband and I decided to give this place a try for breakfast this weekend and even though we weren't necessarily impressed, we were satisfied.
Biscuits has sort of a country themed menu so there weren't a whole lot of items that appealed to me (I am not a chicken fried steak / biscuits and gravy kind of girl).
I ordered the breakfast burrito and it was pretty good.
I mostly liked it because it was not super greasy.
Hubby ordered the steak and eggs and was happy with his food as well even though he said it was pretty bland.
I would agree, this place definitely servers basic home-style food without a lot of variety of flavors or spices.
On the plus side we did finish our meal with a slice of apple pie and that was very good.
The service was just ok. Our waitress was friendly but we had to ask for silverware and after a coffee spill it took a while to get someone to come over and help (I would have been happy to clean it up myself but again we were not given napkins until after our food arrived).
This mom and pop place had some unique seasonal decorations up by the hostess stand but the rest of the place was pretty boring and run down.
I'd eat here again if I was close by but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.

It was good, big portions, with tasty biscuits.

Place called biscuits better have good breakfast.
What blows me away is how great the lunch is.
Tried meatloaf today, made better at home but best I've had elsewhere.
I came just before two, bust time wrapping up lunch.
What upset me was how they were "training" a bus boy.
For over 15 min I had to hear about how poor his job has been.
(Place is very clean).
I ate alone and have a lot on my mind.
Not was I was looking for.
I'll be back for sure though.
Bring family and visitors they will be jealous and get to see nice part of south mnt  Bgood y'all

Buscuits from the freezer and gravy from a can.
How can your signature dish, which is fairly easy to make, taste like cardboard?
So disappointed... And weird atmosphere too:/

Went for breakfast.
Had the Biscuit Special.
A big biscuit with gravy two eggs bacon and potatoes.
The gravy was very good.
Eggs cooked just right.
Everything was cooked as I ordered.
I would definitely go back.

Not a bad breakfast place.
They've got hearty portions and great service.
We've got a client that really likes this place, so we frequently meet him for breakfast here.
I've had the eggs benedict, and the huevos rancheros - both were very hearty and filling, but didn't stand out as exceptional among similar fare at other breakfast places.
Where this place shines is in the biscuits (imagine that).
It seems that the dishes I order never come with them, but luckily our client doesn't like to eat his (imagine that).
Their biscuits are crispy, flakey, light, and buttery, with a slightly moist center.
They are golden in color and rich in buttery, savory flavor.
I want one right now.
It's likely that we will continue coming here for sometime to meet our client, so maybe I'll see you here one of these mornings!

I am a huge fan of biscuits.
I eat here at least twice a month on average and have yet to be disappointed in any of the dishes i have tried.
This mom and pop features flavorful country cooking at its best, and a friendly staff who take the time to get to know their customers.
This place has a very local community feel.
You can never go wrong with the country fried steak here, but my surprise favorite dish here is the smoked jalapeno Alfredo pasta, give it a try.

The place was fairly busy but there was a couple seats open.
It took forever to get our order taken however.
We rarely saw anyone to get refills on drinks.
Our waitress gave us the wrong bill initially.
The only reason it gets three stars instead of two is the food was good.
I got the breakfast sandwich and a cinnamon roll.
The roll was a little dry.
Probably wouldn't come back if I did live in town.

Not so hot.
This was the absolute worst sausage I have ever been served.
You know that little pan of water they keep things like hamburgers and sausage warm in water, well normally it is put on the grill and given a little brown in the outside before it is served, not at this place.
I order over medium eggs because I do not like runny whites, guess what runny whites yet a dark brown crust on the outside  were served.
So why didn't I send it back?
I never saw the waitress again until she brought the bill, never picked up the plates.
I will not be back  I recommend driving past Biscuits

Typically we stop into Biscuits once a year, but ended up in here for breakfast twice in the last week.
On Saturday they were packed, but it did not take that long to be seated.
Once seated we were served drinks and had our order taken within minutes - chicken fried steak and omlette.
Both were very good.
Eggs Benedict on the second visit.
Excellent food and service!
No wait at all during the week

I lived near this place for ever... and never tried it.
My friend is a breakfast-fiend so we decided to have a go at it one day.
We've been back several times since.
The food here is incredible.
First - the namesake - the biscuits here are perfect.
Very light and fluffy and always warm.
Second - The rest of the story.
I'm actually allergic to much of breakfast, so I stick to the lunch menu.
I have never been disappointed with anything I've ordered from this place.
In fact they are currently the top runner for best Reuben and best Turkey Melt in the city.
The portion size is pretty spot on.
Although I think they could give more in their sides (fries, rings, etc.).
I usually order a biscuit as well and leave very satisfied.
It's very much a breakfast and lunch place so its hours can be awkward.

This is our favorite breakfast food spot.
Good family owned restaurant and reasonably priced.
Our favorites are the egg and sausage biscuits and the protein pancake.
Yum!!

Okay...so I read reviews of this place and most are good...I highly recommend you to ignore the bad reviews by the way!
This place is by far the best breakfast place ever...I'll tell why...so I was never a fan of chicken fried steak, at least not until I came here...woooowwww!
If you don't know what to get...I highly recommend the chicken fried steak, their home cooked gravy is what seals the deal on this one, same goes for their biscuits and gravy.
Now if you make it around the lunch time...I recommend the steak sandwich!
The meat is nice and tender and full of flavor....I can't speak for the other dishes....but this place is definitely worth a shot!!

First time here, and the food was great, everything was delicious.
I was going post a picture....
But it was to late.

I am very impressed with this place.
Service is great with nice, friendly servers.
The chicken fried steak is excellent.
The biscuits melt in your mouth.
They even have grits that have flavor.
Highly recommended!

Our team went here yesterday to celebrate CeCe's birthday.
It's a few doors down from Los Taquitos - and I have driven past many times, but was skeptical for many reasons.
The décor / ambiance reminded me of all the reasons I moved away from Idaho.
Immediately when you walk in there is a giant painting of a barn - and scattered bales of hay covered in grandma's quilts... if that doesn't remind you of home cookin' I don't know what will.
We were seated, and as I perused the menu, nothing was sticking out as appetizing.
Finally I settled on the reuben, which was recommended by our waitress, a lifer, who was actually really sweet and funny.
In regards to service, at least her service, I would give this joint five stars.
The corned beef on the sando was delicious, and the kraut was well seasoned.
Overall, it was one of the better reubens I've had here on the west coast.
The other item our table ordered that got rave reviews was the chicken fried chicken and club sandwich.
I think, in this case, I just cannot get past the decor.
It looked exactly like the majority of restaurants that Chef Ramsey walks into before making Kitchen Nightmare makeover suggestions.
Random shoddy wooden chickens and dusty relics you'd see in a thrift store for good reason.
So - to my wonderful waitress, great job for making the most of what you have to work with... but to the rest of you, just go next door and get the carne asada @ Los Taquitos.

Big menu, big plates of food.
I had the biscuit special, a regular menu item.
Eggs, biscuit with gravy, choice of meat and choice of potatoes or grits.
I chose bacon and grit.
The grits were really good!
Lots of glass windows so it was a bit warm.
The ceiling fans helped to circulate the air but still a little warm.

Typical diner-style breakfast joint.
Nothing special about their menu but the food is consistently good.
They are happy to make your omelettes as you'd like them, so we always opt for omelettes cooked dry (skip the extra 300 calories in oil, please) and filled with varying veggies.

Large breakfast portions and quick service.
When I'm hungry for Sunday brunch, that's what I'm looking for.
This restaurant delivers just that - even on a busy Father's day morning.
I ordered the Biscuits omelette which defaults with cheese.
You can add a number of different mix-ins like green peppers, tomatoes, ham, bacon, spinach, etc.
It also comes with a generous helping of either hash browns or loaded country potatoes.
And, of course, top it off with a biscuit.
Every dish we ordered looked great.
There happened to be a couple mistakes with ours, like accidentally bringing out an extra side bacon when we asked for hash browns.
Though, if you ask me, that's not even a problem!
After checking her notes, our waitress took the charge off our bill.
In case you're wondering, Biscuits is a locally owned operation, unlike Biscuits Cafe, a chain from Portland, OR.
Honestly, both are very good, and just the ticket to any successful brunch!

Service was a bit slow, but very friendly.
And the food made the wait worth it!
I had the SOS (chipped beef in gravy on biscuits) with a side of sliced tomatoes, my boyfriend had the chicken fried steak with grits.
Both were absolutely delicious.
The biscuits were fluffy and dense and the grits I thought were especially good.
My only complaint was that I couldn't eat it all!

