This Taco Bell/Long John Silvers is awesome!
My coworkers and I frequent this location pretty often and we always get good service, our food is made quickly, and the workers here are nice.
I'd have to say this is probably the cleanest Taco Bell I've ever been to.
If I'm going to eat food that's kinda bad for me, I'd at least like to have a pleasant experience doing so...

Its Taco bell with long john silvers... its pretty nice staff is nice and quick... pretty clean...

Well I hate to write this but I have to.
Went to the drive through and ordered several tacos and a 1 piece fish and 2 planks dinner.
We were told to pull to the lot and they would bring out our food...15 minutes later we get the food and the man says it was just made nice and hot, I thanked him and drove home.
We sat down to eat and my chicken was Raw, and yes I bit into it, Yuk!!!
The other piece was cooked but I was so taken back completely lost my appetite!
Now mind you I waited 15 minutes for this raw chicken!
I drove back and asked to speak with the mgr.
she was so nonchalant,  I brought it with me clearly pink inside not a big deal I guess.
I said would you please take this and show it to the cook you really don't want to serve raw poultry.
She said ok.
I mean come on act concerned a little at least?
She wrote my name in a book for a free meal (fish only)!
but what concerns me was her attitude.
I used to own a restaurant and that is the last thing you want to have happen to a customer!
I didn't drive all the way back for free fish!
I thought I would get a thank you for bringing this to our attention and we will make an effort that it doesn't happen again or something?
Oh my what's wrong with people...is that my stomach gurgling??

This Taco Bell is hit or miss.
I LOVE Taco Bell and this is the only location I have ever not enjoyed.
It seems that the afternoon/evening shift is the best time to go but still, it's hit and miss for me.
They often forget my sauce packets, the 7 layer burrito is more often than not 2 layers of just guac and sour cream with a tiny bit of beans, the bean burritos almost never have cheese.
It is very close to where I live so I have gone multiple times and will probably go again many times but it's not my favorite Taco Bell.

Worst fast food experience ever!
The drive thru took 25 minutes!
That isn't fast food!
We ordered no sour cream on anything... Everything had sour cream on it.
We ordered 10 total items including 2 big BOX meals.
ALL 10 items were stuffed into 1 small bag with all the sauce packets and napkins.
Everything was squished, soggy and cracked.
Why is it advertised as box, yet they put it all into a tiny bag?
We won't be going back to this location.
It was a waste of $18.

