Bread?
Good!
Cheese?
Good!
I'm usually not very picky when it comes to pizza, but Rosati's pizza was tastier than I expected.
We ordered a thin crust 14 inch pizza with onions, pepperoni, and olives.
It was rather yummy.
We also ordered some chicken wings, which were also pretty good.
We ordered over the phone and the delivery was fast.
But... Our 14" pizza, 6 chicken wings (with one cup of sauce), and a modest tip for the driver cost $30.
The pizza was good, but it wasn't THAT good.
At first, the pizza seems affordable, but each additional topping on the 14" cost $1.60.
We really would have been better off buying a frozen pizza from Fresh & Easy.
In short, I recommend the pizza, but perhaps it would be better by the slice.

Omg me and my mom and are family come here a couple times a month the staff is so great and the food is to die for I am from south jersey and they are the only place I go to to get great pizza!
Love your food thank you so much

So my bf and I have ordered from Rosati's twice this past week and that is some tasty pizza (Chicago style)!
It's not that expensive for the quality of pizza you get.
You do have to pay for each additional topping you order ($1.30 per topping), but it's not bad.
My bf and I just ordered an XL (that would be 18" of cheesy goodness), double dough (hand rolled edge and twice as thick as thin crust, but not quite as thick as Pan pizza or Chicago Style), half cheese, half pepperoni pizza and it came to $23.92 (that includes the $3 delivery charge).
I'm sorry, but that isn't bad at all; especially for a quality pizza.
I'd much rather pay that amount for good ingredients than pay a little less for a lower quality, less tasty pizza.
The good thing about the way Rosati's cuts their pizza is that you have the option to have crust on your pizza slice.
I personally like crust (and Rosati's makes a pretty delicious crust - very fluffy inside, crunchy on the outside) and my bf doesn't.
It works out well.
I ordered over the phone both times.
The first time was take-out and was ready in less than 20 minutes.
The second time was delivery and it got here really quickly.
The person that answered the phone was also very polite.
All in all I think I've found a new pizza place.
It was much better than the other options in my area (which would be Decara and DeLucia's)   If you want to know the prices before you order, go to their website and go to 'order online'.
You of course don't have to order online, but it will show you the prices of their menu items.

Rosati's has got to be one of my favorite pizza places here in Vegas.
They have a couple locations all around Vegas.
Although it is kind of pricey it's definitely worth it.
They have a variety of styles of pizzas.
My favorite is they're supreme Chicago style seep dish pizza.
Facilities are clean, service was good, and employees were friendly.
Overall a great place to eat good pizza.

Good local place.
Spotlessly Clean.
Decent Pizza and salad at the weekday noon buffet for $ 6.00.
Two types of Pizza on bar - Sausage and Cheese.
In this part of town very good pizza.
I still consider Metro Pizza on Flamingo The Best in town.

Great food!
Very flavorful...  Great menu...  No complaints ....

Service was terrible and the salad and entree came out at the same time.
I sent thr entree back and told the waitress to remake it and bring it back after I finish my salad.
She didi not like that one bit.
I think she told the cook.
I think he did something to the food When it came back I could tell it was just placed under warming lights.Before I was finished I was keeling over with SHARP stomack pains.
I was almost going to call the police and EMS services,.
I suffered all night with severe stomach pains.
I will nerver go back.

Cheese Ravioli with Alfredo sauce was amazing.
For $7 you get about 6 ravioli covered in their amazing sauce and a warm, soft breadstick.
VERY filling and perfect portion size.
I have a thing for alfredo sauce and this is by far one of the best I've had, not watery and has a ton of flavor!
Their pizza is way too pricey for me but I'm def going back for more pasta soon!

A cute little italian resturant that was quite tasty and inexpensive!!
I had orderd the cheese ravioli and it was amazinf for $7 you got a huge plate and a delicious bread stick as well!!
I will probably never order the pizza as for the price is  a little spendy but will definitley order the ravs again!

When this location first opened I would have given it 4 stars as the service was great and the food was good but since it's opening and a overhaul in staff who have trouble reading English, we have had take out orders promised in 20 min be an hour.
Undercooked pizza with doughy crust on the thin crust.
I also have to say that both my wife and I have become ill after eating takeout.
I would say maybe other locations may provide better service who know how to cook pizza and wings but this location has been a disappointment.

Ah Rosati's-you had me at "lunch special".
My boss will pretty much only get pizza from Rosati's-swears by their magical cheese, sauce and dough combination.
After having pizza at the Cosmopolitan, I didn't think it was possible to love another pizza again, but Rosati's runs a close second.
I've only been here for lunch and can't emphasize what a sweet deal this is!
It's a pizza/salad bar situation and will run you about $7.
All you can eat.
Seven bucks.
They only serve their thin crust pizza for the lunch special, so if you're not ok with that this may not be the lunch special for you,  however this is some dang good pizza.
The crust is perfect, thin and crisp and the cheese on the pizza is SO good.
The proportions of dough, sauce and toppings are always spot and for $7, I really have no complaints!
The staff has always been friendly and helpful when I've been in and the only reason I knocked a star off is because every time I've been in here, there has been a fly (just one!
) buzzing around and interrupting my pizza binge.
Kind of annoying when I'm trying to eat my weight in pizza.
This won't stop me from coming back to take advantage of a steal of a lunch special!

The pizza was terrible!
Ordered the thin crust pizza with pepporni on one side and cheese on the other, they brought it out, and you couldnt tell which sidehad meat on it because they said they putthe meat under the cheese!
What is that!
Is that pizza?
So, instead of making me a new one they disected the pizza and pulled the cheese off the pizza and gave me back a mess of a pizza!
Was horrible, horrible, horrible!
Service and all, with managers and employees all responsibke for that!
Never again will i visit This place again!
Do if u dare to have ur pizza picked apart before ur eyes!

I love the pizza and the Rosati's salad with creamy italian dressing.
The deep dish is a REAL deep dish and tastes wonderful.
With that said I ordered the Rosati's salad and was given the garden salad with the wrong dressing which would have been if I just wanted a plain side salad but what I wanted was the Rosati's salad as my meal.
I also ordered the tiramisu with high hopes and discovered its a small slice pre-made, pre-packaged, tiramisu.
I ordered looking at the menu online (http://www.myrosatis.com/menu/store/default.asp?locationId=127) so when I ordered the tiramisu I thought I was going to get $4.95 worth but when the food was delivered I realized on the receipt its only $2.95.
So its annoying their website isn't updated.
Overall I will keep ordering them but will double check my orders and clarify what I'm ordering when its over the phone.

I am a big fan of Chicago Deep Dish,,, the pizza here is the best in N Las Vegas...
The staff however, bunch of idiots, not friendly at all considering the price their pizza is...
If you want a decent Chicago Style this is the place in NLV,, the other crust options are ok as well...
If not for the unfriendly customer service i would order from here more often....
The search for a Great Pizza in Las Vegas continues....

Enjoyed low key atmosphere.
Wish they had a patio.
Very friendly owners (husband and wife).
Decent service, good pizza.
Staff should toss the cesar salads before serving though.
We will be back

The best Chicago style deep dish in town

I loved the pizza but the service is horrible.
I keep going back for the pizza but every time I go I am disappointed with the service.

Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing..
I'll leave it at that...

We love this place!
They have great salads and pizza.
We can take our toddler and the staff is really friendly with him.
My husband says it feels like we're eating at home when we go there.

Chicago-style.
Pizza, Italian beef, Chicago dogs.
I drive to the one in Henderson from Sunrise Mountain just for a fix.
It's either this, or Lou Malnoti's overnight direct from Chicago, and this is cheaper.
The only Chicago-style pie better in Vegas was the old Pie Town.

i really like rosati's pizza.
i used to live in chicago and was always a fan of thin crust rosati's or lou malnatis.
thick crust is a different story/different restaurant.
the only problem i have with this place is maybe 1 or 2 of the cashiers just seem like they don't want to be there.
i mean, if anyone is coming to pick up pizza and leaves a few bucks in the tip jar, at least have the common courtesy of saying "thank you".

They have a great greek salad!!
I thought their pizza was okay...but the 4 stars are solely for the salad.
My husband, daughter and myself order one fairly often and split it three ways for dinner.
We always get it to go, and my husband is usually the one that goes inside, so I have no clue about the service.

Lunch buffets always seem like a great idea, especially when priced at $7.50 like at Rosati's.
And then you get back to work and spend the entire afternoon trying to stay awake after stuffing yourself with pizza.
Since I've been here on several occasions, I still haven't learned my lesson.
The lunch buffet here is simple and seems to always be the same.
Two pizzas are set out at a time, and the salad bar has your basics: lettuce, tomato, cucumber, onion, etc.
Nothing too special, but again, it's $7.50 for all you can eat!
The pizza here is decent, but it's not a pie that I crave for.
If you're near a Rosati's for lunch, it's a solid value that makes it easy to get your money's worth.

Decent pizza.
Got a deep dish of buffalo chicken but it was prepared with tomato sauce.
Still was pretty good.
They'll make pretty much anything regardless of if its on the menu.

I ordered delivery and they were sooooo fast!
Pizza- I love it!
If you like thin crust with sweet sauce, this pizza gets no better.
Greek salad-  Pretty good.
The salad at Lino's is waaaayyyy better, but this one isn't bad.
I tried the chicken alfredo also, and it was just tasteless.
Cheesecake was good, but just prepackaged, so don't expect homemade.

This has become a regular take out place for us.
The Chicago style pizza is the best and the hot sandwiches are a great option too.
Great neighborhood atmosphere, kid friendly place.

excellent food but customer service sucks for dining in.
I sat at dining bar I was not greeted and had to request my drink and menu choice.
i had to go up and get my own fountain drink where the couple next to me got served!
i think i will stick with carry out.
young girl talked high school drama behind the counter almost my entire meal and she handed me the pizza box un built and learned it has to be build each time.
much easier to get carry out.
Management needs to work on customer service because the food is amazing!

On my quest to find a better pizza this was another one of my stops, and after many word of mouth reviews I checked it out.
We ordered a "double crust" (wich is a crispy hand tossed style) and mild wings.
Nothing much here, I didn't like how the pizza was cut into squares, (and didn't know or I would have asked for regular slices) and the cheese didn't seem right, the topping felt and tasted raw, it just didn't impress.
Wings were a little better then ok but not good either.
Even though it was ok, I don't see the hype and won't be going back.

Solid Chicago style thin-crust pizza.
Quality ingredients throughout the menu, but they often skimp on toppings/meat.
Stick with the excellent thin-crust and skip the rest of the menu.
If I were reviewing the whole menu, my rating would be lower.
If you like cheap wine, dine in - you will rarely find lower priced glasses.

Food was overprice!
Terrible Pizza!
I am from Chicago, and was very disappointed in the service, the food and what I paid for my meal!
I will never return again, and won't recommend this place to anyone!

Best pizza in Vegas!

This pizza is terrible.
Not only under baked but soggy all the way though.
I used to love the pizza here but never again...

I have enjoyed Rosati's since they opened.
Very good consistent pizza.
Love their Chicago style deep dish or even Rosati's style if I wanna go light on tomato.
I knocked off one star due to their pricing as the pizza can get very expensive and they rarely have coupons and they do not accept other Rosati's coupons.
Also, their lunch buffet could have more variety for the pizza choices but its a good price!

The chief is small and tastes kinda gross the pizza is good..but other locations are better

I would like to start by saying I absolutely love the pizza.
My biggest issue with them is the fact that they can't get their orders straight.
Their chicken fingers are great, however too spicy for my children.
We have on more than one occasion ordered the sauce on the side for the chicken fingers and they forget every time!
After waiting over an hour for delivery, the last thing I want to do is have to prepare more food for my kids...

My science department has a tradition of coming here three times a year.
The first time is when we set up our rooms before our students start school, again at 1st semester finals, and finally at the end of the year.
It is hard to go wrong with an $8.59 (including tax) all you can eat pizza, salad, and fountain drink.
There is nothing like grading while trying to not pass out from a pizza food coma.
The buffet usually has two pizzas out at a time and is usually pepperoni or sausage.
If you have a non-meat eater you can request a veggie pizza and they will gladly accommodate you.
Not my top pick pizza in the world, but it is great for groups and such a reasonable price.
The salad bar has iceberg lettuce with your usual toppings like cucumbers, tomatoes, cheese, etc.
Some of their fun sides include macaroni salad, potato salad, and canned peaches.
They have a couple of different dressings and overall it is a way to trick yourself into thinking you are eating something healthy with your pizza.
Thank you Rosati's for always being there for local teachers.
I look forward to our next trip at the end of the year.

It's a Friday night, I get it.
You're busy.
But don't leave customers on hold for more than 5-7 minutes.
I called to place an order for delivery.
It was gonna big one too.
But they lost me after I had been on hold for 10 minutes.
I called back to see if they had forgot about me.
I expressed to the girl on the other end of the line that I had been on hold for 10 minutes and I would like to place my order.
She responded with "sorry, I can't do that.
Hold on".
I will never know if your pizza is good or not.
You lost my business.

My husband and I are all about great pizza hunting here in Vegas and we were very impressed with this place!!!
The deep dish was excellent and the service spectacular!
Will be coming back!!

Food is good as always...but holy shit...I can't believe the managers think 2 people (one of them new) can handle a full restaurant, Walk ins asking for take out, and all the call in delivery orders, all while bussing tables when people leave ...after 30 mins, I walked out without my pizza and saw 4 other families walk out while I was there...I watched families get sat down at tables that hadn't been wiped and the girl bussing dirty tables reaching straight up to grab fresh pizzas to take to tables (still with food on her hands from bussing the last table)...even heard the girl call by phone to ask owners for help and sounded like the owners were pissed off?!?!!
?....only reason I went in this time was cause last week I ordered pizza for delivery and had to call and cancel cause it hadn't arrived after 95 minutes

My wife ordered from here and we loved it.
The deep dish pizza is great, the wings are great, and the garlic bread is great too.
We've been here several times since and haven't been disappointed yet.
Recently, I convinced my brother and his girlfriend to try it too, and they are now fans.
If you're looking for pizza that's better than average, check out Rosati's.

Got a pepperoni half veggie.
Good amount of veggies barley any pepperoni, good cheese but dough and sauce definitely  needs more season.
I felt like I was eating just because it looked good and I was hungry.
I don't know if I want to go back and risk it.

Great pizza, but prices are ridiculously high.
We were regulars but our last experience will be our last.
Placed a very large order which included chicken wings, about $80 of food and after waiting an hour to eat it gets delivered with no ranch or blue cheese for wings....I call and let them know and she acts like it's my fault somehow for not specifying even though I specifically asked delivery guy if ranch was in the bag and he said yes.
So she then says she will send another guy out with ranch, annoying because now I have to wait longer but ok..... New delivery guy comes and guess what, he brings 3 small containers of BLUE CHEESE and not ranch!
3 small containers for 24 wings, besides the point...so I call back and advise them that they sent blue cheese and not ranch, she then proceeds to disagree and argue with me saying that she watched the guy put ranch in my bag...
I told her I dipped my finger in each of the 3 containers and they were for sure chunky blue cheese, I know the difference.
Then she asked me 2-3 more times if I was sure it was blue cheese, I finally said just forget about it and hung up I was already so frustrated.
Not once did they say I'm sorry or offer a discount on a future order.
To top things off, they send a 3rd guy out to bring me ranch and the guy delivers Parmesan cheese!!!!!!
No ranch!!
Epic fail!!!
And still no offer of discounts, but he did apologize......
They are a joke!

This place has so so pizza.
We got a pan with sausage, onions, mushroom, and peppers, it was one of their combos.
There was plenty of sausage which was nice but come on veggies are cheap get them on there.
However while we were in there I think an owner was there and offered to take me and my munchkins back in to see the back side of the eatery.
They have a killer oven that I am so jealous of.
It has about six rotating tiers.
Unfortunately that is the highlight of the review I have a better recipe from emeril for deepdish, better crust and a sauce with flavor.
Won't be back too many other better tasting places elsewhere .

Fast and delicious!

Absolutely terrible customer service!
First time we ever ordered from them and took them and hour and half before we gave in frustration of hearing "it will be there in 2 minutes" mean while waiting an additional 15 minutes with no delivery for my family.
Never will order from them again.

I really liked Rosati's when they opened, but this location has changed over the years.
The pizza is thin and crispy which I like very much, but the toppings are expensive and the pizza became very greasy after some time.
My advice is to skip the pastas here, as they are also very greasy and the tomato sauce lacks any flavor.
I've never experienced poor service here, but if you come for the lunch buffet, you may have to wait for them to rotate the pizzas.
It's very inexpensive to eat the buffet, but be sure to request a certain type of pizza if you don't love everything.
Only two pies go out at a time, and they are often sausage or pepperoni.

By far some of the best pizza I have ever had.
I have only dined in once and the service was just okay.
Not too much to say about it since it was just a quick meal.
Food came out in a timely manner.
For the most part, I am always ordering pizza for take-out.
I usually get the same order and they always give me a time frame between 20-30 minutes since I get Chicago style pizza.
They have not failed me yet.
I live right around the corner from them so I give them 25 minutes before I leave and I always see my order waiting for me to pick it up as I walk in.
In my experience, great place and I'll definitely keep on ordering from them.

Craving pizza, we stopped here for dinner.
Inside they have a decent amount of seating, though some of the seating is a bit too close to the next table.
We seated ourselves and our server came over a few minutes later to greet us.
There were no other customers when we arrived (some came in later) and it seemed odd that no employees were noticeable until the server came from the back.
I ordered the "Mozzarella Sticks" priced at $6 to start.
About 15 minutes later our server came back to take our main order (no mozzarella sticks in sight) and hubby and I shared a medium "Chicago Style Pizza" with 1/2 pepperoni & sausage and 1/2 garlic & ricotta.
The pizza was priced at $19.65 and even for a medium pizza, it was hearty.
I asked the server about the mozzarella sticks and she said they should be right out.
Another 10 minutes later they arrived!
I don't know what went into preparing them, but they took damn long enough!
I thought the sticks were very good.
Not worth what we waited, but good.
The server did warn us that the pizza would take about 30 minutes.
Lie!
An hour later the pizza came out.
I felt like family at this point I mean we had been there so long!
The crust on the pizza was perfect and the sauce tasted great, Unfortunately, the garlic and ricotta were visible yet the flavor of them barely stood out at all.
I might give the deep dish another try with different toppings in the future since the crust and sauce were good, but with some of the toppings I chose this time lacking in flavor (you should be able to taste fresh garlic!
) and how long it took for service, I can't see coming back anytime right away.
They charge $3 for delivery according to their menu.
Mon - Fri they have a pizza and salad buffet for $7.95 (dine-in only) from 10am - 2pm.

The pizza is awesome.
The service is fair and friendly.
The food came out fast every though it was busy.
Atmosphere was relaxed and chill.
This location was busy but staff worked together well and was attentive.

I have been ordering rosatis pizza for over 25 years!
The pizza is great, the drivers are fantastic, but the manager and the phone people are rude, and completely incompetent!
Sorry to say but today was my last order, I've had enough

