The cashiers who work here might be hopped up on painkillers or something.
Extremely lethargic and very unhelpful when trying to locate an item.
Instead of the usual hello greeting they say: "CVS Card"?
Trying to get down the aisle to go to the pharmacy in the back but the entire aisle was taken up by a female clerk who was restocking shelves and had all the items in the way of foot traffic.
When I said excuse me like 3 times, she finally turned around and just snarled at me.
I think I heard the "Marge Simpson" groan or moan.
Very weird indeed!
Just trying to get by!!

It's no wonder why this location only has 2 stars (although I believe that they should get no stars at all!!).
The pharmacy staff at this location are horrible except for maybe one!!
Every time I come in to pick up/drop off my prescriptions, there ALWAYS seems to be some kind of problem.
Half of the time they don't even know what they are doing!!
They have no clue!!
Especially the male pharmacist with the beard!!
I can honestly say he is a complete idiot and I can most likely do a much better job than he can!!
I was told he would call me to let me know when my prescription would be ready and I never got a call!!
One of the worst customer service I have come across so far!!
By the way, I've had a few customers tell me the same thing while they were waiting for their prescriptions.
Not only on one occasion, but on several!!
How embarrassing is that??
I will not be returning to this location for as long as I live in Las Vegas (hopefully not that long!!)!!
I will be going back to my old CVS in Henderson.
It's worth the trip and the staff there already knows me and are the friendliest staff ever!!
Leanna, Hung, Paul, Bobby and Miranda rocks!

I feel bad that so many people have bad visits here.
I'm posting my review more on the pharmacy than the store itself.
I'll admit that I don't care much for the staff and checkout.
There is always 1 person at a register when there is a line of people and no one ever comes up to help.
I hate that.
I really try not to buy anything here.
I really like the pharmacy though.
The employees are nice and they remember me and that makes me feel like it's my neighborhood pharmacy and not just a CVS chain.
One girl there is super nice and efficient (I need to get her name) and she even calls me by by name and sometimes she calls me about prescription refill notifications.
She rocks.

Aren't all CVS's pretty much alike?
Well I was looking for Vanilla Reload Cards (Google if you're curious) and finally found them at THIS CVS.
Had to convince the cashier to let me pay for them with my credit card, but it worked.
Phew, finally!

I wish I could give them 0 stars, but 1 is as low as you can rate them on yelp.
The most incompetent pharmacy staff I have ever seen.
I transferred all of my scripts to the Walgreens on Ft Apache & Sahara.

I go in occasionally because it's on the way home.
It is always very clean and cool inside.
Today, Eddie greeted me at the door while he was running the cash register.
He asked how he could help and he knew exactly where I could find the item I came in for.
They did not have the item that I wanted and he apologized for the inconvenience.
He was nice, knowledgeable and hard working.
He was even running the vacuum behind the counter when I check out!
Excellent employee!!

