Jim is the best masseur I have ever seen.
He's very knowledgeable in his massage techniques and in muscle release.
I had a lower back problem for several years and his sessions helped reduce my pain and eventually make it go away completely.
He excels at finding the tense places in the neck shoulders and hips and releasing them.
He's a great sports massage therapist, and knows deep tissue, trigger point, and cranial sacral techniques.
The combined styles he uses works better than any one massage technique I've tried in the past.
He's very flexible with scheduling, and works late nights so when I can't make it in the evening I can usually get my massage at night.
Though he does out calls, I always went to him because he has a spa next to the massage room that I can relax in and warm up before he works on me, which makes the massage much more effective and gives quicker results.

I have been going to Jim for over a month now.
I have had several other massages here in Vegas, but Jims is by far the best yet.
I always book 90 minutes in the mornings at his home and leave there floating away.
I have back and shoulder problems and Jim knows exactly what to do and how much pressure to give me.
He even adjusts my back when necessary.
I get a weekly massage from Jim and it is worth it.
I look forward to his warm hospitality and jokes every Friday.
Keep up the excellent work.. MIKE (QNICKS)

The first time I came to get a massage here..
I was in serious pain from a sports injury.
My right shoulder blade had shooting pain all the way down to my lower back.. and it lasted for days.
It was affecting everything I did on a regular basis.
I just couldn't move properly or even think clearly as the pain was so intense.
I was nearly in tears at one point and I even had to go to work with this pain... it was not a happy time..lol.
A friend referred me to 702Massage.Com and I went as soon as I could get an appointment.
I explained my problem to Jim,  and we got to work on the solution.
The session I had was the perfect combination of massage and adjustment of the muscles that were out of whack and partly responsible for the pain.
I was in a bit more pain than I had ever been in and Jim really fixed me up right.
I never had a chiropractic adjustment before, and I never had a treatment that set me feeling as right as this one did.
I would highly recommend 702Massage.Com to anyone in a similar situation, or anyone that just needs to loosen up!

My Back was so tight and painful I could not sleep for over one hour at a time before waking up from the pain.
I went to a Chiropractor years ago, however though maybe a Sports Massage first would help.
Jim works with the UNLV Swim Team, The Rugby Championship Tour recently held in Las Vegas, the Professional Bull Riders and many more.
His many massage techniques were custom tailored to my problem.
It was Incredible and after the first visit I felt my back relaxing from the stress I put on it.
He has made a huge difference on my back and saved me from expensive Doctor visits.
There is a Hot Tub available to warm you up prior to your massage.
Note: It you're looking for a spiffy lobby, Silk Robes, Juice Bar, etc.. this is not for you.
If you are wanting a legitimate Great Massage at a reasonable price - This is the Best !

First, let me say that I am not someone who would normally go to a house for in-call massage, nor am I into the idea of having a male massage me, but I needed someone with the strength to correct my back issues.
That being said, Jim's excellent reviews, history as a sports masseur, and very fair pricing overcame my initial objections, and let me say, I am glad they did!
Jim provided me an excellent 1 hour deep tissue massage.
He also helped adjust my lower back to assist with the sciatic nerve pain.
He was also kind enough to provide me tips to help avoid future pain issues.
Jim is centrally located in Las Vegas (only 7 minutes east of the strip), professional, courteous, and talented!
You can really tell he loves his work and loves helping people.
I will be back for sure!

I have really, really hard neck/shoulders.
They are rock solid and are usually located somewhere around my ears.
I have a high stress job and I have gotten stress headaches/migraines.
It is necessary for me to get regular massages to keep my head/shoulders from taking over my entire skull.
I used to go for spa massages when I was younger, but now that I am older (read: middle aged), frou-frou massages just don't cut it.
I need muscle, elbow grease, someone who is physical and has expert knowledge of the musculoskeletal systems of the human body.
Enter Jim.
My husband found him through Yelp.
I was a little nervous when we scheduled an in-room massage.
He arrived on time.
He was so pleasant.
He worked on me first, and then my daughter.
I have never *ever* had a better massage.
(And I am a massage whore -- I had them both before and after Jim.
)  Jim spoke to me to find out my specific needs, and then he got down to business.
I could tell by the way he poked and prodded me that he knew what he was doing.
The way that he moved my limbs about so that he could access the muscles underneath -- that is artistry.
He did some quasi-chiropractic moves -- adjustment, releases, etc.
After me (round and fluffy) he worked on my skinny minny daughter.
She was likewise satisfied (so he must have adjusted his touch so that he didn't break her bones).
The results from Jim's massage lasted a good month -- far longer than ever before.
I will see Jim each and every time I go to Vegas -- if I even get within 25 miles of Vegas.
Thank you, Jim, for raising the bar for my massages.
You truly are the best and I will never forget you.
(If I sound sappy, let me tell you that this is the effect of Jim's massages!
He's THAT good.
)  p.s.
His prices are more than reasonable.
Don't waste your $ on a hotel massage.
Go to Jim and use your $ on a facial or something.

Well, Its been over a year and I still go to Jims for a weekly massage.
He knows exactly what to do and what to fix when I am hurting.
I always get  the 90 minute massage and when its over, I'm like, already....??
LOL..Everyone, please let this man massage you.
You can't go wrong with that great discounted price...  A++++++

If you are looking for the best masseuse in Vegas, Jim is the person.
I had the worst knots that had escalated so badly that it was giving me migraines and Jim was able to get them out and give me relief.
He is so knowledgeable about the body, more like a physical therapist/sports medicine masseuse.
His prices are so reasonable and less than half of what you would pay for a mediocre massage at any hotel spa.
On top of all that, he is the nicest person you'll ever meet.
I've had bad massages from people who just don't enjoy what they do and you can really feel it.
Jim is so passionate about what he does and really cares about how you are feeling.
He runs his business out of his home (actually in a cozy, air-conditioned villa outside on his patio) and I think some people may be reluctant to try him out because of that, but once you try him out, you will not be able to go anywhere else!
But for those that are still afraid to try...no problem.
Leaves more open slots open for all of us that know how good he is!

OH MY GOD!
I'm 5'9" 246 lbs.
Im a RN so im always on my feet.
I lift weights and never stretch so needless to say I'm tight all over and have many knots.
Having gotten 2 massages a month at countless different places asking for "deep" tissue, Jim was THE ONLY ONE to really get into my overworked never stretched muscles.
He cracked my back aligning it.
My headaches went away.
I don't get cramps in the middle of the night.
Instead of getting a massage every other week this will now be my weekly routine and only with Jim.
I HIGHLY recommend Jim for ur massage needs.

I've had back problems for many many years and 2 neck surgeries since 1992.
I've had many differernt types of work done from reflexology, accupuntuce, rolfing, chiropractors (can't even remember how many of them), therapy etc... and I've also had many massages over the years.
I always tell them I want DEEP TISSUE, and usually get a gentle rubbing type massage.
I've had them ask me if the pressure was ok, and I'd tell them NO, go deeper, and most did, but for only a little while.
After much more searching, I found these reviews on YELP, and figured "what the hell", let me give him a shot.
WELL, let me tell you,  if you are looking for DEEP TISSUE massage; Jim Freeman is the man!!!
I can honestly say that I've never ever had any  "Masseuse" make me cry Uncle!
(Figure of speech LOL).
Only in a few instances in certain spots, did it really become too much, but Jim, as the Professional that he is knew when, where and how much to soften his touch, all the well knowing I was finally getting what I was looking for.
The knots in my neck, shoulders and back were finally subdued, and my lower back was relaxed.
I felt great.
I understand that 1 session will not undo 35 years of what I got going on, but I feel with every following session, there will be continued improvement.
There was and still is some tenderness in my Traps, but overall, I feel much better and will see Jim again, hopefully soon!
Also, Jims fee is very affordable for what you receive.
By the way, I got the 90 minute massage, which was more like a Theraputic session massage combined.
It's worth it!!

I was in Vegas on business and had read this guy's reviews.
I could not believe someone would do this good of a massage for such little money, but figured I might as well give it a try, what else did I have to lose?
I'm a bodybuilder and try and get a good deep tissue at least once or twice a month.
In short, his work is nothing short of incredible.
It was the toughest deep tissue work I ever had and the effects were long lasting.
He is able to reach muscle attachments that no other therapist ever has.
If you are looking for a terrific deep tissue man, he is your guy.
The place is nothing fancy, he works out of his house in a clean private room behind it.
He deserves all those stars!

$45 hourly and $65 for 90 minutes is what he quoted me.
Holy crap was this guy good.
I've never had a professional massage and knew I was in serious need of someone who was strong and not afraid to get deep down into my problem areas.
About 30 minutes in he made a comment about how my muscles still haven't relaxed and that by now they should have.
I booked a 60 minute massage and I'm pretty sure he did close to 90 minutes - I could tell that he felt bad about not being able to focus on my whole body and that it took so long to loosen up my bad areas (shoulders/neck) because he apologized multiple times.
He encouraged me to not wait as long as I did to get some help but never said that I should do this every month or so... so I left feeling like he wasn't trying to take advantage of me.
I felt like he was really just trying to help.
He easily could have said "I should see you every 2-4 weeks, you're so bad right now" and I totally would have fallen for it because that's exactly how I felt.
But instead he only gave me generic answers when I asked him how often I should do this.
He said "Some people see me once a week, others I see once every 6 months or less.
It's completely up to you.
Your body will tell you when you need help again.
"  Side Note: If you are allergic to cats you may not feel comfortable here.
I did have to walk through a room where his cats hang out and it kinda messed up my sinuses for that day.
Small price to pay for what he did for me though.
Next time I'll take some benedryl or something.
I will be coming back.

I was in Vegas for a conference and needed a massage.
I wanted a good massage not necessarily a spa day.
He came to my room which I was nervous about.
No need to be, he was professional and very careful to make sure I was comfortable.
He is very knowledgable and explained what muscles were causing pain in my leg.
Warning, he is very strong and really works the muscles so be prepared for a little pain.
This is not your foo foo day at the spa massage.

I went to this massage wondering if it would live up to the hype and i am super impressed.
Jim is a 1 of a kind talented therapist- natural ability, very strong, very experienced.
He has a studio in the back of his house.
The massage room is setup like a standard massage room.
You should feel comfortable with the set up, and Jim is friendly and totally professional.
If you are interested in therapeutic deep massage, you will be very satisfied, i promise.
I have been getting massages all of my life and Jim is in the top 1%.

Holy wow, this guy is awesome.
When he started he told me that this will not be a "fluff and buff" massage where the therapist just rubs lotion on your body.
He was right!
90 minutes later I whimpered, moaned, groaned, but feel better than I have after any previous massage.
JIm is truly a deep tissue therapist so get ready for an experience.
I will be back on my next trip!!

I went to Jim in July while I was training for a KungFu competition.
I was so tight from 2 months of constant training.
After having Jim work on me, I felt so much looser and able to move freely.
Jim is great!
I can't speak more highly of any massage professional.
I feel comfortable and I walk away feeling so much better and stronger.
He is really a fantastic massage therapist.

This man is freakin amazing !
He adjusted my neck and back and his massages is just not all about deep pressure; what sets him apart from the rest was technique.
I was involved in a major car accident years ago and had many adjustments by many therapists; he was by far the best one I ever had.
You'd feel like the Hulk is working on your body so don't be afraid to tell him to chill out.
You will be sore so that's normal.
Don't mind his location of practice ; its in a great neighborhood and totally legit.
The ambiance is mediocre, but your eyes are closed the entire time anyway.
Are you paying for a massage or paying to look at candles?
He is my main guy I go to on a regular basis and now I can sleep at night.

My wife & I are from Canada and went to see Jim because of all the excellent reviews he has and I must say that he is the best man for the job and he sure knows how to make you feel better.
When we come back to Vegas we will be sure to stop in for another massage!!!!

When you go get a massage, what do you look for?
If you want a luxurious environment that smells like honey and oatmeal and adorned with shiny tiles and fake green trees, this is not the place.
If your goal is to have your whole body worked on in such a way that you feel amazing afterwards, then you are going to the right place as Jim is your man!
The man knows ALL the troubled spots and the right techniques to make you feel like a NEW person!
I will definitely be back here again.
P.S.
Don't forget to pet his cats as you walk out the door.

Wow Jim is the Master of the DEEP MASSAGE!
Do not question Jim's deep tissue massage because he can go lot harder.
Jim has to be one of the best Therapist I ever had all around the world.
If you ever need deep tissue massage please call Jim and also he can come over to your hotel also.
Jim you are the Master :-)

Never have I ever had a deep tissue massage like this.
After a week of strenuous activities done on vacation, my dude and I were on the hunt for a good massage place.
For $45 for an hour, you are getting an amazing deal!
The reviews don't lie.
Jim is fantastic at what he does.
This was the second time I've come in for a massage and he knows how to work out the kinks in your aching bod.
He always asks for the major problem areas.
If he doesn't, don't be shy to mention it to him.
He also massages the UNLV swim team on top of his private practice.
Pretty impressive!
When my boyfriend asked if he ever gets tired of massage person after person, he answered with a simple, "Nah!
"  The only thing that might make some people feel iffy about getting a massage from him is that he does it out of a small room at his house.
I can testify there is nothing to worry about here.
The dude is professional and super friendly.
I'm also grateful that he'll take you in with short notice if he has it available.

Just had a message with Jim and OMG and it is the best I have ever had.
No one has been able to touch my lower back for years and Jim was able to release the muscles.
I feel so much better.
I really recommend Jim

Best deep tissue massage i ever had!
It,s going to hurt, but feel so good afterward.
Got full body adjustment too, no need to go chriopractor.
Jim the man!

Found Jim through Yelp and I'm so thankful I did!
My husband and I both booked an hour massage with Jim and it was one of the best massages we've gotten.
I like deep tissue and my husband prefers Swedish, and Jim was able to accommodate both of us.
He worked on my problem areas: shoulder and back.
The neck massage was great too.
If I go back to Vegas, I will definitely schedule a in-hotel massage with Jim again.

Simply the best massage I had in my life.
I have not had a massage in five years, because I am very picky about my massages.
I don't see the value of spending the time and money for just an mediocre massage, since massages cost around $100 a pop.
The Jim's deep tissue massage is a true deep tissue.
His thumbs are made out of steel.
His thumbs lasted for 90 minutes.
It was a true deep tissue massage.
I will come back to get a massage from him every time I am in town.
Simply the best I ever had.

Jim is a fantastic sports therapist.
If you are athlete looking to improve your performance, then go to Jim.
You do have to walk through his home (and lounging cats) to go to his outside therapy room (no cats allowed and clean).
Jim also has an outdoor hot tub that you can use free of charge before your massage.
Jim has hands of steel, so be prepared to get worked!

I have been going to Jim for over 3 years now.
I used to go weekly because he is that GOOD, but when I fell on financial hardship, I had to scale down my visits.
Jim knows my body and where my pain is and paying $65.00 for 90 minutes is an awesome price.
Take a chance and schedule a 90 minute massage with Jim.
You will not regret it... A+++++

Forget luxury, when you need some serious knots worked on goto Jim.
Very very knowledgeable, listens & best of all when he feels you've had enough he cuts you off & gives your muscles time to recover.

Jim is a miracle worker.
He works out of his home which is in a cute little neighborhood.
He is amazing.
He will make you feel so much better after a deep tissue massage.
He knows how much pressure you need and can find your problem areas in a heartbeat.
Advice: do not attempt to go to work after a massage (I work retail and made this mistake), drink tons of water, and keep some ibuprofen on hand.
The first 2-3 days will feel very sore like you got a great workout but then you will feel amazing!

