I had an early dinner here tonight of Fish and Chips.
This is a standard Las Vegas old school coffee shop.
Service was quick and very friendly.
Food was good - not great but tasty and good portion size.
The price was good.
I'll be back when I'm in the area,

For years my mom has been inviting us to eat at this cafe (the other place she gets to use her points to cover the meal), and I always thought that the casino was primo ghetto (well, my ex worked here a while ago, and when I picked him up, there was a homeless man walking around in the casino, wearing a dirty blanket- so those memories were permanently implanted in my head).
The parking garage elevator takes you right down to the small casino floor (always seems busy- and you know this, because the parking garage was kinda crowded too).
What I like about this, is the fact that it's such a short walk to the cafe (from the elevator).
The hostess is very nice and she's got a sense of humor, too.
The friendly servers are very good.
Chinese Food (highest dish being $9.95) only served at dinner- surprisingly good (not usually good at casinos or buffets in casinos, for that matter).
This time we came for lunch- we both ordered the shrimp fajitas- a hot sizzling plate with the big shrimp (nice pleasant surprise), peppers, and onions, tortillas rolled in foil, another plate with the sour cream, guacamole, beans and rice for $10.95- excellent!
Of course, we brought home leftovers.
I love fajitas.
My mom had the chicken fajitas.
The chicken fingers for $6.25 only had four fingers- that was a bit overpriced.
The milkshake was $3.50 but I don't remember the size- my nephew ordered it.
I don't remember what else everyone (my family) ordered.
Big Menu offering breakfast, appetizers, salads, sandwiches, burgers, entrees, and dessert.
A classic case of "Don't judge a book by its cover.

I had a simple breakfast of ham and eggs.
I think there may have been a dude in the back room butchering a pig, and the hens were laying their eggs in a chicken coop.
Well at least that's what i hope happened because that is the only explanation of why shit took so long to come out to us.
Service was hilariously bad.
We sat at this table for well over an hour waiting waiting and waiting.
Food was mediocre at best, would have tasted better if it wasn't sitting under a heat lamp for 20 minutes also if it was served with a smile.
I rather get a shrimp cocktail at the Golden Gate and spend the rest at the Blackjack table.

Ate here yesterday for dinner with a friend because we did not want to spend a whole lot on food.
I ordered the ribeye tasted to order and my friend ordered the special that day which was a roasted piece of chicken.
The chicken was a huge portion for the price paid.
They do also have a Chinese menu but we will save that for another time.

This isn't a place I'd ever walk into on my own, and probably wont be back.
My roommies grandma likes to gamble here so I brought her after the farmers market across the street.
The staff was exceptionally nice, friendly and quick.
Our server Luba was handling several tables but was still on top of things the whole time.
Our busser Perfecto was also exceedingly friendly and drew me into a conversation about Hawaii.
His daughter lives there and guess he could tell I was from Hawaii somehow.
So 5 stars for service!
1 star for the food.
I halfed a pastrami on rye w grandma - bread was pretty stale, pastrami was REALLY salty and as you can see doesn't even look appetizing.
Shoestring fries were great - fresh, super crispy and perfectly salted.
Grandma was pretty happy with the short stack of pancakes she ordered at least.
Only plus is that the diet Pepsi didn't taste funky like fountain diet soda so often does.
And my new friend perfecto brought me a brand new glass when I asked for a refill.
Only strike against service is that when I paid the cashier on the way out, she stopped to rub her eye for 30 sec then proceeded to grab the coins for my change with the same fingers!
Pretty gross so I threw away the loose change without touching it.
Luckily she had the bills in her other hand.
The cafe was pretty full and the other customers looked satisfied.
I'm sure they do a decent breakfast so I'd probably recommend it if you're in the area anyway.
I may have ordered the wrong thing, but the great service really made up for a lot.

As Jabba the Hutt would say, ".this is my kind of scum.
"  This place is old skanky Vegas, in a good way.
Yeah, the higher end casino's on the strip are nice obviously, even a millionaire can't afford everything Vegas has to offer.
But there are some places for the rest of us that give a good cheap meal, that harken back to the days when things were ran a bit differant in Vegas.
This is one of those places, you can get a meal that probably hasn't changed in the last 40 years.
I myself took the Vegas Weekly recommendation for the Matzah Ball soup and I was not dissappointed.
Top off with a piece of lemon meringue pie...
I even sat on a bench waiting for my vehicle and sat with an old lady and had a nice chat.

Great food, fast friendly service, good prices.
Ate here for breakfast and dinner same day.
Prime rib was awesome.
Will be back every time we visit.

Best place in Vegas to grab a quick bite with high quality food and service.
They'll even roll a cart out to you if you order from someplace else in the casino.
To date, they have the absolute best tuna melt I've ever had.
And prices are unbelievably low for what you get.

Amazing food and customer service!
Best meal we had in Vegas..ate for $15 for 2, portions were great...can't find those prices or quality of food on strip...home cooked meal

We were staying at the El Cortez hotel, and I woke up in the middle of the night very hungry.
It's like 4am so I wasn't willing to go far to get something to eat.
I want something right away!
My stomach hurt so badly with the hunger so I went down to this cafe downstairs to grab a bite.
I got the New York steak and egg.
I asked for medium well on the stead and over-hard on the egg.
The food came out clean and nicely done in the way I requested.
Maybe I was super hungry, the egg was just so good (it's basically just egg).
They didn't over-cook or under-cook the steak.
And the meat quality was good (well of course not as good as what you can get at a steakhouse, but as good as what I can make at home).
In general, the food was as good as a good home cooking meal, and I was able to calm my stomach after eating.
Then I went back to my room and sleep again.
It's very convenient and the food wasn't expensive.
I am glad I didn't have to go outside of the hotel to get cheap decent food at late night while staying at El Cortez.
I give Cafe Cortez 4 stars for a late late night option.
I am not comparing this to fine dining places.

Turkey club for lunch using the $5 discount Binions fun book coupon.
I made the wrong bread choice of rye trying to be cool and different, but they use real fresh roasted turkey breast and the bacon is crisp on the sandwich.
They also feature the thinnest fries i have ever eaten.
Great deal for 7.95 minus 5 bucks, but i would pay full price next time and switch bread and go for the potato salad which the old guy next to me had ordered.
As a matter of fact, i think this is where most old man and ladies end up eating when they are alone and over 70.
On this day, i felt their pain and silently we enjoyed our meals in our own little world.

Food is pretty good here.
Standard 24 hour cafe food but it's done well.
The only thing is the service.
It was pretty bad and took a while to get our food.
The servers have their own section and don't really pay attention to you too much between taking your order and bringing your food.
Other than service though food is good.

Good service.
Good food.
It's better then going to any of the buffet's down there or McDonalds.
Lol.
My dad gets all his meals comped, but regardless the prices are really affordable and the food isn't sloppy so that is a PLUS.
Shoe string fries are a must!
And breakfast is probably my favorite time to eat here.

I just got a salad here.
It was excellent!

Yes Virginia great deals do still exist in Las Vegas and many of them are at the Café Cortez located in the El Cortez, Downtown Las Vegas.
This is vintage Las Vegas at its best.
I will start with the $7.95 prime rib dinner!!!
No I did not leave a digit off of that price.
The rest of the menu is cheap as well, and get this the service is fantastic as is the food.
This is a cant miss.
I would make the special trip Downtown for this vintage taste of Las Vegas.
Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!

Came to El Cortez to get Prime Rib at the Flame.
They were out so we decided to grab a bite to eat at the Cafe.
They had a Prime Rib special for 7.95 which was great!
Glad I didn't spend 30+ for the same meal at the Flame.
Our waitress was Suzanne and she was SOOOOO nice.

Café Cortez does their Jackie Burger pretty well.
I am surprised how much I enjoyed this burger.
It had a nicely charbroiled flavor.
Their  fries had a great crisp and were really thin.
You can choose from fries, potato salad, or cole slaw.
I have also tried their potato salad.
They keep the red potato skin on.
It's yummy, but the portion is smaller in comparison to the fries.
Their prime rib roast beef sandwich was a joke.
The beef was gray and the prime rib was not prime.
I really wish I just stuck to the burger or the wings.
They do those items well.
Do not go for their roast beef... you will be very disappointed.
Their jus was watered down.
Their pancakes are pretty yummy, but definitely if you're downtown, there's nowhere better than DuPar's.

What a surprise!
Definitely a good, inexpensive dinner at the Cafe Cortez!
Last night we decided to go have the prime rib they had been advertising in the paper recently.
Actually, there are two sizes of prime rib available in the cafe.
8oz for $7.95 and 12oz for $11.95.
Believe me the 8oz was plenty for me and I brought some home.
My baked potato was awesome because it was so "crispy" on the outside.
Makes for great potato skin eating - with butter of course!
My husband had the dinner special of beef stroganoff.
It was very, very good and had big mushrooms in it!
All-in-all our dinner was very good and we will definitely be back.

the place is decent, it's in a casino but it doesn't smell like smoke so that's a major plus.
had the $7.95 prime rib and it was pretty good :) the only thing that i would have to say was a negative is that they are really busy and don't have many waitresses staffed and you can clearly tell that the waitresses needed help and were totally stressed but overall good experience :)

It's nothing fancy, but Cafe Cortez does serve up a great burger!
Although I had stayed in the hotel for a couple of nights, I didn't pay attention to the cafe until my co-workers and I were looking for a lunch spot one day and saw their sign on the sidewalk for $5 Burger and Beer.
The first time we went in, we were in a rush, which made us feel like the service was slow, but in reality, this is actually a great lunch spot!
So we all got the $5 Burger and Beer deal (which is offered all day every day).
Note, if you want to add cheese, it's an additional $0.50.
The meal comes with a bag of Lays potato chips and if you want to substitute for fries, then it's an additional $2.
You can also substitute the beer for a soda (with no extra charge).
First of all, you can't go wrong with $5.
You can't even get a meal at McDonalds/In-n-Out/Burger King, etc.
for $5!
On top of that, this was a freshly grilled burger (decent sized, I think 1/2 lb) with fresh vegetables and a beer (Bud, Bud Light or a dark, Greek beer) in a sit down restaurant.
It was good enough that we even went back the next day.
I ended up getting the Mushroom Swiss Burger the next day because I wanted fries.
Oh, and I forgot to mention that when you sign up for the El Cortez Player's Card, you get a $5 off coupon at the cafe.
So that meant that my $5 burger and beer was FREE!

Eating at the Cafe Cortez is like eating in the old folks home in the movie "Bubba Ho-Tep.
"  I can still remember that scene - they were all eating baloney sandwiches, egg salad and old dead wilted green beans for dinner.
I had the grilled herb chicken and green beans.
The chicken was dried out and tasteless, and the green beans had been boiled way too long, and were probably frozen to begin with.
I had to ask for extra butter just to be able to get them down.
The food also took a long time to  arrive.
There was an old guy slumped over sleeping at the table next to ours, pretty danged close by.
I was worried that he was going to be ok.
The one bright spot was the busboy.
If you want to experience Bubba Ho-Tep like old folks home food, falling down sleeping old guys, and an eternity of waiting, go eat here!
Cafe Cortez, please hire some kind of half-decent chef!
Ye Gods!

Are you 55+ and older?
This place would be great for you.
Got the breakfast burger...egg and bacon.
I also got sauteed mushrooms with it for an extra $1.
Food was alright, service was alright.
It was more like here's your food, everything alright?
some more water?
That's about it.
I'd come back here if I was totes wasted in Downtown and in need of ok-priced food.

Food is so-so.
Depends on what you get.
The string fries are surprisingly good.
Slow service.
Great place to people watch though.
Very colorful regulars here.
I could see going here and drinking coffee for an hour and just getting a kick out of some of the folks eating here.
Very Lynchian depending on the time of day.

We were staying at the El Cortez so we came here twice for breakfast.
I ordered their 2 egg breakfast with scrambled eggs, bacon extra crispy, country potatoes and sourdough toast.
My food came out exactly as ordered (even with extra crispy bacon which a lot of places still screw up  even if you ask for it extra crispy).
They really don't make good scrambled eggs.
I think they put the eggs in the pan (or on the griddle or whatever) and then kind of stir them up in an attempt to scramble them.
Both mornings I ended up with sections of white and sections of yellow - neverly thoroughly mixed before cooking.
Their potatoes were good (needed salt), bacon was a bit salty but cooked exactly how I like it.
Toast was also good.
Overall it's an average cafe with average food, nothing too bad.
They do have a special advertised on a board out front of the casino for a beer and burger for $5.
We were never there in the middle of the day to try that but it sounded like a good deal.
Our service was ok the first morning - the servers were more concerned with talking amongst themselves than talking to customers.
The second morning our server was very attentive and polite - we liked her a lot better.
Tip:  If you're staying at the El Cortez and you sign up for their players card you get a coupon booklet that has a coupon for $5 off at Cafe Cortez, which makes your meal there really cheap.

the #1 rule of cafe cortez is "don't look at your food, just eat it.
"    the food is not only good, it's REALLY good.
straight forward american fare (this would be a great place for euros to get a TRUE american experience).
there are some things, in particular, that stand out: * burgers -- especially the breakfast burger * tuna melt * prime rib -- uneven, but tends to be more hit than miss * motzo ball soup -- the undisputed best in town since canter's closed ... kenny epstein owns this place ... think about the kind of soup HE would want * hash browns  there are two soups that are the best of their kind: beef barley (monday only) lentil (sunday only)  with the exception of anything having to do with potatoes, stay away from the vegetables (although i really like their super-soggy corn on the cob).
the entire casino floor is like a time machine into 1965.  downtown is booming, partially because of the eC's involvement with everything down there ... you better believe that sitting at the cafe cortez you're in a living museum and that entire area is just getting more and more valuable ... economics won't let it last forever ... enjoy it while you can.

Ordered the prime rib special.
It was very good and tasty.
The service was great also.

This place is like a 4th round draft pick who starts for your team for 6 years, he's solid,  there is better out there but he is such a good value, why look elsewhere?
He didn't have the best combine, and doesn't look the part, but he's a gamer and when you need him to be a reliable cog in your machine he's there.
After his initial 4 year deal, you re-upped him for 2 more for a little more money, but he's really plateaued this last year, so you let him go, bring in some young flashy kid, and yeah he might make some big plays, but he'll mess up some easy ones.
If you want a consistent addition to your team, for value that cannot be beat, draft Cafe Cortez, which honestly wouldn't be that bad of a name.
Picture him; dread locks, playing DB, always around the ball.
Haha.
Try it, its solid.
Get the special.

After finding a parking spot at the very top of their tiny, old school parking garage, I made my way through the smoky, outdated casino into the depths of the casino floor to find the café.
I believe I was in the minority age group based on the clientele I walked past, and probably the only person in the entire building without a cigarette in my hand.
Café Cortez features the same bland ceiling tiles, muted paint colors and basic yet functional light fixtures that decorate the rest of the casino, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.
The space is quite large, filled with many 2 and 4 person tables, and probably gets pretty packed late night after First Friday.
Even during my lunch time visit the place was fairly populated.
The menu offers pretty much any type of food option as you would expect from your typical casino café, and serves up a pretty great matza ball soup.
As advertised on their website I came to try their $5 burger deal, which comes with a 1/2lb Café Cortez burger, chips and 12oz domestic draught beer.
What is served is basically your simple back yard burger, but really good.
The char flavor was prominent; the patty was of the more generic variety but really good overall.
The LTO and pickles were all fresh, the bun was basic but perfectly fine as well.
In all this is nothing gourmet, but certainly better than some places that try to tout a much fancier burger, and certainly fine for $5.
I wasn't initially thrilled about getting chips over my go-to fries, but after having a few of my friends I thought twice about that.
The fries weren't quite shoe string, but a little too small and not that great to accompany any burger.
The chips were of your generic Lays variety, and served their purpose just fine in this case.
This meal is certainly not intending to be anything fancy or out of this world, but they still make an effort to serve something of good quality and not overcharge you for it as some casinos might.
This is definitely better and cheaper than what is served down the street at Binion's, and also probably more acceptable than what's served at Park on Fremont because it includes a full beer for only $5.
So if you're looking for a cheap late night meal, or just an old school Vegas scene downtown, definitely check out Café Cortez.

Came here at midnight and asked if the they had steak and skrimps.
The entire waitstaff laughed in my face so I ordered the $5 burger and a beer special.
It was an awesome experience and I still keep in touch with my waitress on Myspace.

I wouldn't have thought to come in here if I weren't staying in the hotel, but extremely glad I did.
Jackie burger was awesome, cooked to perfection, very juicy and tasty.
Exceptional food for the low price.

I was incredibly disappointed.
Instead of being greeted at the door, the server began chatting with he guests behind me.
I should have seen that as a red flag and left, but I did not.
Service was horrendous.
It took 40 minutes to get my meal...
The wrong meal because the server cared more about taking care of her friends than real guests.
I said that I received something that I did not order and the waitress stormed off, but not before she said "well, it may have taken 40 minutes .. What do you expect.
" I left, but not before I had to pay or the side salad that came free with the meal I ordered.
Unbelievable!!!

I don't imagine this being a restaurant that you would go to unless you were a guest at the El Cortez hotel, or happened to be hanging around the hotel casino, got hungry, and decided you wanted to eat diner food.
In short, this place is a downscale version of Denny's.
It's not very fancy, but the food is good and cheap.
Just like Denny's, the place is open 24 hours, and they serve everything on their menu all day.
When I went, I had the scrambled eggs (egg whites only) with homestyle potatoes and toast.
My order was supposed to come with bacon or sausage, but I'm vegetarian and declined it.
The waitress was very kind to let me have fruit in lieu of the meat.
I got my food about five minutes after I ordered it, and it tasted very similar to what I would eat at Denny's.
The El Cortez is a very low-rent hotel in Downtown Las Vegas, so don't expect to see any high rollers sitting around this restaurant.
When I was eating here, I noticed that most of the other patrons were elderly people.
I don't like to make assumptions, but most of them didn't seem like they had lots of disposable income, and probably shouldn't be hanging around a casino, gambling with money they can't really afford to lose.
But I suppose that's none of my business.
If diner food is what you're looking for, this is a decent place to find it.
If you're looking for something a little more up-scale or exotic, walk outside to Fremont Street.
There are many good restaurants within a short walk of this place.
However, I would eat here again.

This is a very old school cafe, with one of the best traditional prime rib specials left in Las Vegas.
For $11.95, you get a 12 ounce prime rib, soup or salad, bread, vegetable of the day.
The salad is little more than iceberg lettuce, but that's another reason it's so old school.
The service was fast, and my prime rib was cooked medium rare, as expected, and I think it may have been well more than 12 ounces.
I've had a couple of other entrees here as well, but prime rib is the way to go!

My friends and I came here unexpectedly, we were downtown and hungry and couldn't decide on what we wanted to eat plus we were lazy and wanted to avoid walking down Fremont in search of food!
So Cafe Cortez it was!
I forgot to mention it was also my friends birthday and this is were we brought her for dinner HAHA at least it wasn't disappointing!
One of my friends ordered the Matzo Ball soup as an appetizer... holy **** was that thing good.
I personally had never tried Matzo Ball soup so I had nothing to compare it to besides deliciousness!
BUT my friends had and they said it was on point so yup definitely recommend trying that!
The birthday girl and I ordered their veggie burgers with a side of coleslaw.
The veggie burger tasted like a veggie burger... they do add cheese and grilled onions with a side of guacamole and pickles so it called for a decent meal.
The coleslaw... was bland I like mine with pineapple chunks and this did not have any so I wasn't really feeling it.
Service was good and crowd was interesting.
This place is anything but fancy but if you're looking for a decent meal at a decent price I say give it a try!
Will I be back... Hell Yeah!
Will I be getting the Matzo Ball soup... Hell Yeah!

Seeing how it was 3am on a Saturday (Sunday morning lol) it was only appropriate to try out the El Cortez Cafe which I've heard is one of the better coffee shops in the city.
I ordered the french toast and it came out quickly with a huge side of syrup and butter.
Even after layering it on, I still had more than 3/4 of the container left!
The french toast was nothing exciting, it definitely wasn't as good as the Gold Spike grill and it wasn't as big or flavorful as Dupars @ The Golden Gate.
It could have been a product of ordering the wrong thing, as I know the burger is the big special here, but I felt like breakfast!

Old school Vegas.
Cheap eats.

This cafe is nothing like it used to be and not in a good way.
They have s super tiny grave yard menu!
And the selection is not what it should be for being on Fremont street

I wouldn't even give this one star!!
I work at container park and go get the turkey club almost everyday witch is 7.95 plus 1.00 for cheese and 2.50 for Togo that's fine but when you mess the order up and serve fruit with mold all over it and won't return my money is a joke I defff won't be back and the food and beverage manager is very rude never returned my call I won't be back evaaaaa

Simply put, it's where we go for a traditional breakfast, eggs over easy, hashbrowns, sausage, bacon, biscuits and gravy.
It's funny but the more unique and niche Downtown gets, the harder it is to just find a decent easy breakfast to jump start the day.
If smoked salmon w/ basil pesto calls to you for breakfast, see Hash House A Go Go, but if you're like me, traditional breakfast suits me better, especially on the first recovery day in town.
You really can't mess up if you come here, Binion's Cafe, Magnolia's Veranda or Market Street Cafe, but as you might guess these all are found in iconic Las Vegas hotels, so tradition tends to serve up the best traditional breakfasts if that's what suits your taste.
Again, this review is for fans of good runny eggs, sausage, bacon, toast, biscuits and gravy, endless amounts of coffee, etc.
Cafe Cortez, serves it up right, serves it up quick and for a fair price.
Can't ask for much more than that...

$5 beer and a burger.
Annnnd scene.
Seriously, that's a hell of a deal.
Sure, you're going into a crappy, smokey, hole in the wall cafe where people are coming to die, but still...$5 beer and a burger.
The burger wasn't bad either!
Wasn't great, but was totally edible.
The beer?
Tanaya Creek.
Again, not too shabby for my $5.
Would I come here for a casual meal?
Nope.
Would I enjoy this special again while having a few drinks on Fremont East?
You bet your arse I will.

What does five bucks get you these days?
The answer is: not very much.
Perhaps a box of Girl Scout cookies or maybe a crappy watered-down well drink at your grandpa's favorite dive...  Well, I have some great news, my friends.
Rather than throwing your last Lincoln on black and hoping for the best, save that last fiver and have that dead president treat you to a burger and a beer at Cafe Cortez.
I cross my heart, hope to die, stick a needle, in my eye.
This is no lie, folks.
Is it a great burger?
We don't ask that question here.
Instead we ask something like, is it a bad burger, or is it edible?
Yes!
Cooked well, served will all the standard fixin's and delivered with a side of sass and guilt from an "overworked" waitress.
So the beer must be awful right?
Nuh-uh!
You'll be sippin' in style when you wash that beef bomb down with an ice cold Tanaya Creek - one of Vegas' finest craft brews.
Good on ya, Cafe Cortez.

I ordered the prime rib special.
It was a lot better than I thought it was going to be!
The horse radish dip is amazing and will really burn your nose if you try too much!
For only $9.99 this is a must-have right across from the container park.

So...tried this place for the fifth and last time.
I really love the old vegas places  but this is just so miserable I can't do it again.
The drink lady was quick to come by but couldn't take our order.
Five minutes later (8 min after being sat) the lady came to take the order.
Two prime rib specials medium rare.
Both came out after FORTY minutes!!
Medium-well to well, no pink.
We sent both back.
They came back again medium  (warm pink center) even after explaining that medium rare was cool red center.
We ate it any way.
Check took even longer.
The whole dinner took over 1 hour.
The manager was not willing to act as a cashier and made guests wait while the cashier was in the bathroom.
When the cashier returned the manager returned to the back room.
I gave the cashier my debit card from a local bank and she asked for my ID.
The receipt did not print my name and the cashier proceeded to pull out a1990s imprint machine to take an imprint of my card.
When I refused to allow my debit card to be imprinted the manager was called over from the kitchen.
She said their machines had just  been updated but I still refused to have an inprint taken of my debit card.
This is ridiculous!!
It's not 1990, and you don't imprint a debit card.
She took my license information and was very rude about it.
She treated me like a criminal because HER SYSTEM was outdated.
I signed the debit card and left cash on the table for the tip.
I told her she needs to learn to manage her business better.
Laycee Lewis-Caldwelll, the "manager", needs to learn about ticket times and customer service.
A manager does not just stand around and watch.
I was furious with the way I was treated and as a local this place can't afford to lose business from locals.

The quintessential $10 prime rib dinner.
You can get an 8 oz prime rib with choice of potatoes, salad and a vegetable for $10!
How cool is that!
It's well worth the $10.
My boyfriend got the 12 oz for $15.
Wine was $5 per glass.
We wanted to try out Fremont and decided that El Cortez screamed old Vegas to us, so we tried it out.
The service at this place was outstanding.
My boyfriend mentioned he felt that the people that worked in this café really liked working here.
They were all so cheery.
Don't expect too many  frills, but it'll do for a nice slab of beef.
Incidentally, I ordered medium and it came to me pretty medium well.
Boyfriend ordered medium rare and it was a perfect medium.

Great place to Eat.
Service is fast food is good.
I would skip the porterhouse but everything else was excellent.
As many mention Matzo ball soup is the best

