This is by far the BEST bounce rental company ever!
Great low prices and great customer service.
They called me day before rental  to confirm, showed up 1/2 early for set up too.
They did all the set up for water jumper with own hose, put cones around jumper for cars, set up a table for cotton candy rental.
It was quick and easy.

Sky Jumpers is and INCREDIBLE family owned and operated business.
I have used them for two separate functions and their service just gets better.
The owner came in on his day off (his Birthday) for my function, set up the house (taking care not to damage the surroundings) and SANITIZED the jumpy house.
The Jumpy house itself was in excellent condition both times and exquisitely clean!!!
The company called before they showed up and quickly and quietly removed the jumpy house after the party.
These folks are truly professional, flexible, friendly and very reasonably priced.
Check out their website for specials they run once in a while.
Will most definitely do business with them again!

I admit, I was a little skeptical.
I originally started looking for companies via an on-line search and just wasn't sure.
So I turned to Yelp and found this company.
One Review?
But I trust my fellow yelpers, so I jumped in head first.
I called and received outstanding customer service.
Confirmation and reservations were easy.
They did not require a deposit and informed me they would call me the night before to confirm my reservation.
Easy right?!
I admit, I was still nervous.
Would they forget about me?
Why didn't they want my money first?
I ended up calling a couple more times before my reservation to add on some items and they were always so helpful & professional.
The day of my son's  birthday came and they were scheduled to arrive at 12:00.
They rang my door shortly after 11:30am and had everything set up in no time.
I didn't have to do anything and after set up, I gave them cash for their services and we had a party.
I was able to get a wet/dry combo Happy Birthday Bouncer with Basketball Hoop, a cotton candy machine, three tables, 18 chairs and a canopy for $260.
I did catch a special but what an awesome deal!
Their equipment and supplies were clean and good quality as well.
Needless to say, when I have another event in the future, I will be utilizing their services.

One stop shopping!
This company is great.
They are competitively priced with a great selection of bouncers and other party supplies.
I cannot say enough about the customer service- they are amazing!
The price I was quoted on the phone was the exact price that was due at set-up.
There were no shady set-up fees or random taxes on top of their listed prices.
I called to reserve the bounce house for my son's 5th birthday about 2 weeks in advance.
I ended up adding on 3 tables w/ 18 chairs and a popcorn machine because the prices were fair and I would only have to go through 1 company for everything.
Mike called me the day before to confirm the rental and the set-up/tear-down times.
He and his crew were very punctual (15 min early even) for both times and were very quick at getting everything together.
The quality of all of my rental equipment was top notch and I paid a total of $180 for everything.
I will definitely use this company again for my next event.

Our son turned 5 in February, and we finally had a good size backyard to actually have a party at home.
This was our family's first time renting a bouncy house.
I have to agree with all the other reviews.
We had a great experience.
I was also skeptical about not having to leave a deposit or give my credit card number, I wondered if we'd be forgotten.
But everything worked out great-Mike called us the night before to confirm everything.
We had our bounce house for about 8 hours.
I loved that they clean the inside once it's been blown up in your yard.
We also rented tables and chairs(great deal).
The website is nice too.
I like that you are given the dimensions of the bounce house, and the dimensions of how much space you need for that particular house.
We were so happy with everything that when they came to pick the house up that night, we booked one for my daughter's party which is next weekend.
If you have the space, renting a bouncy house is so much nicer then going somewhere like Pump it Up.
I loved that we had the house for 8 hours and had a nice laid back party with our family and friends.
We had a party a Pump it Up last year, and while it was nice, it was only 2 hours long and everything felt rushed.

