This location just opened recently.
I was quite surprised when I walked in.
For it's location I thought surely it would be full off all sorts of trashy people.
Turns out I was the biggest ruffian in the whole place.
The food was much better than what I remember from my last Cici's experience.
I didn't even feel like puking after I left.
Maybe that's because I kept it to 4 plates this time.
As always, the staff is friendly and you'll get a big, "Welcome to Cici's" upon entering the building.
Stop on in, just don't forget your coat and tie!

I have to give this place 4 stars.
This is my third time eating here.
Trust me, if I don't like the pizza I don't return.
It's not nearly the best pizza I ever had.
It's a pizza and pasta buffet for less than $5 a head, what do you expect?
I am tempted to give it only 3 because of my first experience but it's good, inexpensive and a fun place to bring my kids.
It's like a dream come true.
I would not recommend take out, but if you sit in and wait for the pizza to come out hot a fresh, it's great!
They also have chicken soup and all types of pizza imaginable.
If you are a food snob, don't bother.
If you like variety of comfort foods, this is definitely the place to go.
Kids love it!

I would like to give it 2 stars just because of the quality and the funny feeling you get in your tummy after wards.... but the workers here are just so nice.
They WANT to create a pizza just for you!!
I guess you can't complain too much for an all you can eat pizza buffet for $5.
If you're eating healthy, seek else where because even the salad is limp from all its dressing.
I don't think I finished a single piece entirely, and I hate wasting food, but I just couldn't bear to get it down...
I advise you to come here when your wallet is sad, your stomach is empty, and when you feel like no one will give you what you want!

Wow I have been missing out...goodbye little ceasers hello cicis

Ahhh cici's pizza...although they didn't have the 4.99 deal, the pizza was good none the less and the cinnamon buns...MmMMMmmm!!!
I'd just pay the buffet price for that!

First visit for my son & I to Cici's on February 2, 2011.
The staff was very friendly.
For the both of us to eat for $12.40 was great.
I enjoyed the food, especially the cinnamon rolls & new Bavarian pizza dessert.
Would recommend you all going to Cici's.

living in norcal, cici's commercials used to always come on the tv there.
i remember thinking wowie, all you can eat pizza for 5 doll hairs, thats soooooo coooooool.
then i discovered that there were none near where i lived, so i got ready to walk across the freeway because there was no way i could live without cici's.
fortunately, i another idea popped in my head and said hey, don't kill yourself, just go to a cici's next time you're out of town.
i said ok.  when i went to vegas, another friend had the same exact incident, so we decided to go.
boy, talk about mediocre.
what can you really expect for 4 doll hairs.
the staff was very friendly, and they kept the pizzas coming out.
a good variety to choose from, but it was just average at best.
nothing spectacular.
again, i wasn't expecting much for 4 bucks.
i'm not trashing it, but i wouldn't go out of my way for it either.

well for the first time i went to cici's pizza and was pleasantly.
There was a range of pizza; bbq chicken, macaroni and cheese, desert pizza, and some classics.
i always saw the commercials with the macaroni and cheese pizza so i had to try it first and i was astounded it was good.
along with the deserts, salad, and most of the other pizza's they didnt have a wide variety of deserts or salad but the taste made up for it.
SO WORTH IT.

Ok, so I'm a little embarrassed to admit that I actually like this place.
This was my first time eating at Cici's.
My fella and friend's forced me to dine here and boy did I drag my heels!
The price is right and the pizza is actually pretty ok.
It's not gourmet.
It's not even close to being the best pizza I've ever had, but it definitely wasn't the worst and I have to reluctantly admit it was actually pretty good.
They have a lot of variety and they will customize a pizza to whatever you are you craving.
How can you beat that?
I'm usually not a big fan of dining anywhere where I will encounter lots of kids, but luckily we came early enough that this wasn't a major issue.
My favorite pizza was probably the buffalo chicken.
It had a good spice level and was pretty darn tasty.
I'm sure this would be an issue on future visits however.
Try as I might to not like this place, it just couldn't be done.
You can't beat the price ($4.99 or $3.99 for the weekday lunch) and I'll try to hit them up for lunch next time to save an extra buck, hehe.
I had a request from my fella that I make sure to mention that he had an entire pizza all to himself (not to mention two extra slices of buffalo and two of dessert pizza).
He was impressed by this feat (not sure why) and felt the need to let everyone know.

You get what you pay for, the fresh pizza is actually a surprising level of deliciousness!
A lot of it feels too greasy, especially if it's been sitting out for a while but some things are just too greasy and fattening period.
I really did like the mac n cheese and pepperoni pizza, wasn't a huge fan of anything else, especially the spinach and cheese.
This Cici's is not the best possible one it could be.

Pretty yuckie!
You get what you pay for..

Came here last month, looking for a cheap place to dine while in Vegas.
It was about 1pm or so, and the place only had a few groups dining there.
Plenty of seating.
Don't come here expecting fancy pizza.
The crust is doughy and the ingredients are just kinda so-so.
The restaurant is a bit aways from the Strip too, though that can be seen as a positive too.
Wished they included a fountain drink into the buffet price, though $1.79 for unlimited refills is not something to complain about (pay a little more and get a to-go cup).
Here's the pros (and the reasons why this is a 4-star review): a cheap buffet.
Weekday lunch buffets are $4.99, and I think $5.49 other times.
It's AYCE of mainly pizza but 2 pre-made salads (perhaps overdressed), breadsticks, and a soup as well, and the staff are regularly pumping out a variety of fresh pizzas.
They have this dessert pizza, cinnamon rolls, and brownies that are actually pretty good.
Friendly service.
And you can request a custom pizza as well, which is quite the draw!
I ordered half pizza of anchovies & jalapenos, and they brought it right to my table, hot and fresh.
How awesome is that?!
There are two televisions mounted on one wall (one was playing cartoons, the other ESPN); no sound though.
There's a small arcade area in the back.
Two restrooms, men and women, which are fairly clean.
Plenty of parking.
Just found out that this is a pizza chain.
*haha* Who knew?
Wish they had them closer to my house though.

I have NEVER had a pizza as good as the macaroni and cheese pizza.
It is SO good I almost cried that I didn't go to cici's pizza any time in my 19 years of living.
I definitely recommend going to Cici's pizza- even if people say it's not good.

This is a cheap place to go for pretty decent all you can eat pizza, pasta, and salad.
I have been to many Cici's in the Oklahoma/Texas area and have never been impressed.
I always enjoyed eating there, but they were nothing to write home about.
This specific location was clean and the staff was very attentive and very friendly!
The pizza was also quite delicious too!
If you are looking for cheap food near the strip for a family or a sport's team, I would definitely recommend coming here.

I live in Marin County California and we get their adds on T.V so I couldn't wait to try this place when I came down to Vegas.
I have been on the company web site and it looks like Cici's is slowly coming to Northern California.
I can't wait because I believe something like this would thrive in up in Nor Cal.
Now enough about my day dreaming here lets talk about my experience here.
Great and awesome staff of people.
The employees seemed like they enjoyed being there and were extremely helpful.
I was also in contact with the manager who was there and he seemed to be helpful and had a cheery attitude.
Everyone was helpful.
The pizza was good, and I absolutly loved the Macaroni and Cheese Pizza.
I think I ate about 3 slices of it while I was here.
I also had a slice of cheese, and pesto pizza and both were good.
I only came here for the pizza experience and didn't try any of their pasta's or salads.
I did get to try one of Cici's famous Cinnamon  bread pizza when it was fresh out the oven and it was sooo yummy I went back for seconds.
Needless to say I went to Cici's I was really hungry so I ate a my weight in pizza, but looking back I don't regret it because there isn't a Cici's where I live.
If you live in Las Vegas and are traveling to Las Vegas please check this place out.
there really isn't anything like a pizza buffet and its all you can eat for a low price.
Much lower than some other buffets that you will find in Las Vegas.

My husband went to the one in San Antonio, so he thought this chain would be good here, too (and I can't tell you how long it's been since he first mentioned it).
Enter Easter Sunday, we were headed to Metro but they were closed (darn, I really wanted Metro, my absolute favorite pizza, since college).
I thought of Chapala's (but they too were closed, we learned when we went to WalMart later), but we were passing this place, and my husband suggested Cici's.
First off, it's not gourmet pizza, so if you know this, you are not going to expect much.
It's along the lines of Little Cesar's (five dollar single topping pizza) or Chuck E Chees.
For the buffet, it's $5.49 each.
It's super cheap.
I hadn't been to a pizza buffet since Pizza Hut's, back in the day.
I wasn't at all excited, I thought it was going to be a generic place with so-so food.
As you enter, there are chimes of "Hello, Welcome to Cici's!
" from the friendly, enthusiastic staff (you will get a hearty greeting when leaving).
You pay first.
When you get the receipt, the hostess told us that we could do the survey and get the next buffet at $3.99.
Also, get the card, because after a few (one stamp per visit), you get one for FREE.
You get cups from the host.
You choose where you sit.
The place is pretty big.
From the outside, it looks small.
It's clean, too.
There were several families having lunch and there is a little game area in the corner.
Drink machines are in the back.
Salad is the first station, followed by the soup (daily was chicken noodle soup) and pasta section, followed by the pizza section (lots of variety), and finally the dessert station.
Choices of pizza (which are all thin crust, btw) are the following: cheese, florentine (spinach), white, supreme (everything), pepperoni, buffalo chicken (spicy), cheeseburger- had seen this flavor in other pizza joints (my husband's 2nd fave), and macaroni and cheese- never seen this before (my husband's 1st fave).
I might be missing a few flavors, but this is what I remember.
I tried the cheese- basic, hard to mess up, right?, florentine- very good, white- also, very good, and buffalo chicken- not for me, the spicy sauce was too weird for me (and I normally like weird).
Overall, the pizza was pretty good.
Lots of selection, and every time there was a fresh baked pie, an employee would almost yell it out.
The soup was good, except I was a little hesitant to eat the "chicken" because it resembled something like Cup-A-Soup like, so I ate the large twisty noodles and the broth.
I didn't touch the pasta so I can't comment on it at all.
The salad was pretty good!
There were two kinds, so you don't build your own, like other places (Chuck E Chees).
The choices of dessert are the following: thin brownie with powdered sugar dusted on  top (very good!
), apple pie pizza (very sweet), and a cheesecake like type that my husband loved!
There are not many buffet type places that are NOT located inside a casino nowadays.
I used to like Souper Salad but that's now closed (besides it went downhill the last few years too).
Sweet Tomatoes is pretty good but it's not anywhere close to our neighborhood.
So, I am sure we will be back again, because it's a pretty good value.
Of course, my husband felt like he had a carb overload after that meal, haha.
It's not like we eat buffets all the time, either.
Everything in moderation.

Seriously, living in LA County and San Francisco for years, I've spent way too much time as a mindless drone watching television shows and commercials.
Besides the usual Ruby Tuesday and Sonic's Drive-In commercials airing and finally popping up at more convenient locations.
I couldn't find a Cici's near the Bay so I felt doomed to forever see images of an endless pizza buffet with no cure in sight.
However, that changed when a few friends decided to make a trek out to Las Vegas for a birthday weekend and we would make a stop at Cici's...SCORE!!!
Upon walking in, there is a roar, "Hello!
Welcome to Cici's!
" from the employees that caught me off guard.
Paying at the register, we grabbed our plates and started with salad?
Yes, we started off with some overdressed salad with bacon...oh the bacon, how unhealthy it was to even look at the salad.
The workers do their best to put out consistent pizza for those who don't want any specifics to grab, and most pizza are made to order and can even be brought out to your table if you have enough hungry people.
We've tried the Mac n' Cheese Pizza, Cheese Burger Pizza, Spicy Buffalo Chicken, and the Chicken Alfredo just to name a few.
Most were good quality, and I was mystified that the cheeseburger pizza tasted like a cheeseburger.
Moreover, an employee said that it would taste better with bacon and went ahead to fry some bacon and topped the rest of our pizza at our request.
I wasn't expecting any amazing, but to fulfill my desire to gorge in some pizza at a cheap price.
Employees were happy, and were more than accommodating to our needs.
I would recommend Cici's if they had the opportunity to swing by Las Vegas.

they will make you any type of pizza you what them too.
it was better then most places i,ve been to and the sweet pizza rolls where awsome.ive had better,but all the pizza you can eat.. nice

To celebrate the end of spring semester, my galpal took me here for lunch today and honestly, the last thing I was expecting was for this pizzeria to be a buffet place on top of it.
She turned in a one time payment of $15 for the both of us - shoutout to Lolo, thanks for the treat!
- and I was led to a neat little restaurant with a whole aisle of pizzas, salads and desserts waiting on the left and televisions hung up on the walls playing pokemon.
We had a great time chit-chatting, occasionally walking back to the aisle for some second/third/fourth?
helpings, not to mention the free - and speedy - wi-fi!
And when you think you couldn't handle anymore pizza, they've got condensed milk crispified into pizza bread for dessert, and brownies of course!
Talk about delish.
Just a note to keep in mind though, don't expect anything fancy schmancy with their pizza variety.
Picture the standards - four cheese, spinach and cheese, hawaiian, pepperonni etc.
and if that sounds good enough (I promise you, it is) dig in!
You'll be stuffed!

Everyone who knows me, know that two of my favorite things are buffets and pizzas.
Cici's is the best of both worlds.
I have had more than my fair share of pizza here and I always order a barbecue chicken pizza all to myself.
They let you make special requests and will accommodate pretty much anything you might want on your pizza within reason.
Nothing bad about that.

I love this place, just love this place!
All the great food you can eat for a real great price.
I like the personal service, that you can your pizza your way, cleanliness of the place and bathroom.
Just keep it up and I'll be back time and time again with my family!

Ok, first let me start by stating that this place isn't expensive so do not expect gourmet pizza or you will be dissappointed.
This was the last place we ate at on our family's stay in Vegas.
The fact that I paid less than $30 for a family of four speaks well of this establishment.
It wasnt the best pizza as Chicago pizza is best hands down.
It is buffet all you can eat and they will make a pizza for you on request.
The Buffalo chicken pizza was a bit on the spicy side.
I did not like the BBQ pizza.
Somehow I don't have a taste for that.
All the other pizzas I had were very good.
Especially the thick crust.
When you first walk in you will be greeted and thanked out loud.
This happens to all who enter as well as thanking you when you leave.
Workers are always, I mean ALWAYS, going by making sure everything is OK with you or your group.
And this is for every customer.
The workers, including the manager at smiling so big, you almost wonder.....am I on earth.
They also have soups, salads, pastas and desserts on the budget table.
For extra charge the do have wings to complete your meal.
I would never have expected the atmosphere of this place and for this pleasant surprise I give it a 5 star for its value and friendliness.
It will not be the best pizza you ever had but it will be one of the most memorable the first time you eat there.

I'm not even going to talk about the food here because you probably already know, it's two steps ahead of school lunch pizza and two steps behind Metro.
It's all right.
But the staff here is incredible.
I value customer service #1, and I dare say that Cici's Pizza on Trop & Eastern, of all places, has the best customer service I've experienced in town.
Keep up the good work, and we'll keep dropping by we crave carbs (those cinnamon rolls... mmmm).
Cheap as it gets too.

I've gone to this location a lot (way more than I should) and most of the times it deserves a 3 sometimes maybe even a 4 star review (although this location has almost never provided as good customer services as other locations), but during the last month or so the customer service has gone down, and yesterday's experience has possibly taken Cici's off my restaurant list for good- at least this location.
Before I go into that, I do want to note that there is one person who consistently gives excellent customer service at this location- Wylie, the dining room attendant.
He is incredibly cheerful, positive, friendly, warm, and welcoming.
He stops at customers' tables to make sure they're having a good experience and always gives uplifting answers when you ask how his day is going.
He is great at making sure to send out a thank you for eating at Cici's when you're leaving.
If all the other employees were as good as him, Cici's would get a 5 star rating every time.
He is the ONLY reason this was a 2 star instead of a 1 star review.
Now, back to yesterday- When I arrived, my bf paid & after looking at the food available, I asked for a special order- I had to ask 3 times before anyone paid attention.
It was very slow- maybe 10 customers in the restaurant- 2 of which were in my group and had arrived before me- no children, so the lack of customer service didn't make sense to begin with.
I asked for 2 pieces of mac & cheese & 6 cinnamon rolls w/ extra cinnamon.
The girl who took the order (Brittany the clerk) made a rude sound and suggested that I just eat what was on the line instead.
I looked again- the cinnamon rolls looked old and rubbery & the 1 available piece of mac & cheese was very dry, stiff, & old.
With so few customers in there, who knew how old the food was?
I looked at the oven and noticed that there was absolutely NO food coming through.
Some of it looked like it might have been from the previous night.
I get that this is a pizza buffet, but it costs the same amount as regular Vegas buffets (a little more if you get a drink), so is it unreasonable to request that the food be fresh?
Besides, I have never been given any problems when I've asked for a special order before.
I asked again for my order.
Brittany turned around & said unnecessarily loudly what I was asking for, the manager Jessica came to her & they talked quietly for a minute.
She turned back to me & told me I had to eat what was on the line & her manager had told her they would not provide me with what I had asked for.
She offered to put extra cinnamon on the already picked over (& I was right- they were very rubbery and old) cinnamon rolls.
I was willing to wait until they put through a new batch of rolls & just get some of those with extra sugar but they refused.
Oh!
Before I tried to make my special request, I also asked if there was any pasta- the bowl was completely empty.
I was informed by a girl who wouldn't even turn around to look at me that it would be out in 5 minutes.
It wasn't.
And the other food on the line did prove to be very old- I actually had to give up on trying to cut through the brownies I got.
In the past I have held parties, business meetings, and gone on dates to this location.
I won't be doing any of that again.

This place, even though it's a pizza place, is actually really flexible when it comes to people who eat special diets.
I don't do dairy milk, and the special order pizza system works great for me.
i get the Buffalo pizza without cheese, and get some salad and soup while I wait.
The service has always been great and I love stopping in.

2 stars for the price, 0 stars for how your stomach will pay you back later...new underwear in sight...

Garlic bread is good, brownies and cinnamon rolls :-) or i must say most of the food they serve is good.
The thing is most of their pizza don't have a lot of meat but I think they go cheap because of their buffet special which is really cheap for $5.49 for adults.
But overall, its good :-) give it a try :-)

Very nice and friendly staff.
I ate here because i contributed $5 for a boyscout camp in return i was given a free buffet card with a purchase of one buffet and two reg.
drinks.
The line of pizzas, salad, soup, pasta, and dessert was an excellent value for the money.
The cinnabon rolls and thin crust pizza was the highlight.
I definitely will go back with my nephews and nieces (kids) and they would love this place

Cici's pizza buffet might not as excite me as much as Pizza Hut's but for the price it's reasonable.
You can ask for custom pizzas which is a plus.
I noticed they now serve a pasta salad on top of their buffet options.
One odd thing, their stamp card can only get 1 stamp per visit no matter how many buffets you buy at that time.
Anyone needing a pizza fix on a budget, very particular or wants to try multiple custom pizzas should give Cici's a try.

THIS.
Was good Cici's.
The other location on Maryland Pkwy was horrific.
This one was fantastic.
Just shows you how inconsistent chain restaurants can be.
When we walked in it was all put together, I knew what I was getting in to.
The cashier was friendly and knowledgeable and the workers there were more concerned about making great pizza than palling around with one another *maryland location*.
The music was good and there was a game on so it was easy for everyone there to relate and feel comfortable.
I tried some pizza from the line as well as ordered my own personal slices and I was NOT disappointed.
It was delicious!
ESPECIALLY the pizza that I had ordered!
YUM!
The cinnamon rolls were so soft, I could tell they had just come out of the oven and the dessert pizza was to die for.
I was so disappointed/disgusted at the last location but this location redeemed Cici's Pizza for me.
I will be returning to this location to have really delicious pizza and a great atmosphere!
YUM!

I got there just a hour or so before closing so it wasn't busy at all.
They weren't really putting out much fresh food because the lack of guests in the dining area.
The employees were really nice though and came over to my table to ask if I wanted a certain type of pizza to be made.
The server recommend a certain type and I agreed.
It's a very small buffet of food and small dining area.
By the looks of it, it looks pretty run down.
The food isn't all that good but isn't all that bad.
50-50 to me.
I was the last to leave out and I didn't feel pushed out the door.
So that was very nice to not be rushed.
I didn't have a bad experience, but I don't know if I would go back to this one.
Maybe try another?

There isn't a Cici's in my neighborhood so I checked it out based on their television commercials.
The pizza has no flavor and the salad bar was a disgrace.
Not sure what I was expecting for a $5 lunch.

One star for the price!
Worst pizza I've ever had!
I should have known better since it was located within a shady plaza (The .99 Store was next door).
It honestly tasted like microwave pizza.
Very bland, greasy and soggy crust.
All the pizza looked & tasted the same.
They skimped on toppings; poor quality ingredients.
The salad bar was weak: 1 choice of pasta, 1 choice of soup.
Felt like I was literally inside a Walmart as the people (patrons) seemed ghetto, lacking manners & etiquette.
I will give them credit though on their brownies.
Pretty tasty.
Bathroom was eerie & stinky.
I decided to hold it till I got to my room.
You've been warned!

I always stopped by this location since it has good  food and exellent service for the past years.
I was so disappointed to see the quality has gone down mostly on customer service last night.
There was a blond girl @ the front door who doesnt seem to want to be there and so was her supervisor last night.
The salad bowl was empty for a long time so we ask to get a fresh one.
She just opened a plastic bag and pour it.
No tossing w dressing or anything.
Other customers and I were surprised but we reached for the dressing bottles to make our own.
They were empty.
We tried to get their attn but no luck.
We ate our salad dried.
After eating a few slices and realized they were cold.
We tried to order a few slices.
The manager asked the front desk girl to take it.
She acted like we bothered her.
The staff are so different now.
They made us very uncomfortable.
The whole place has a vibe of a run down biz where the owner doesnt care anymore.
Not coming back.

Saw this place as was looking for something different.
Nor sure what caught my eye.
Anyways, had lunch here and it was a pretty decent place considering its a pizza buffet, which typically isn't all that glamorous.
Impressed by desserts, especially brownie and the desert pizza with white sauce topping.
Everything else is pretty standard.
The people working behind the counter were very upbeat and happy when I dealt with them.
Overall not bad place, especially for the price.
Probably won't try to repeat, but if in area again might.

Great price of $5.99 all you can eat pizza,pasta and salad.
Employees are really friendly with the customers and more helpful than most high dollar restaurants.
Your in and out and full for cheap.
What's not to love.

We were traveling and didn't know the area too well.
We wanted to try this place out for the first time and it was tasty.
The employees were friendly and had their 'catchy' way of "asking for more pizzas" to be made.
Fun and friendly place.
Very inviting.
Every time the pizza came out that a group was waiting for, the customers would cheer.
Kinda Silly, but it was great.
It was a good time.

Haven't been here for ages!
I absolutely love the cinnamon rolls for dessert, they are so soft and chewy.
I love that you can order specialty pizza by the slices, and it takes only a few minutes to bring it to your table.
The salad bar was a little weak, they didn't fill it up until we were leaving so it was only the end of the lunch rush's supply.
The pasta looked a little dry, too, so I avoided it.
I did enjoy all of the pizzas available, from the white spinach pizza, to the buffalo chicken, to the classic pepperoni or Hawaiian.
Most of them were hot out of the oven and delicious, but the toppings didn't go all the way to the crust, so there was a plate of dry, uneaten crusts at our table.
Hey, it's a buffet!
Not too many people worry about what's left on the plates.
For the price, it was absolutely worth it.
The pizza was what we came for, and it filled us up and was tasty; the cinnamon rolls and dessert pizzas were the icing on the cake!
I would definitely come here again, but probably for lunch or later for dinner... coming in between was when they were filling up for the dinner rush and like I said, the salad and pastas weren't as appetizing as I would have hoped.
Random fact: the Latinos were the people wiping counters, sweeping, preparing the pizzas and busing the tables while the two white chicks literally stood around gossiping... (I'm white btw) thought this was stereotypical, but true...
I went up to the counter a couple of times and the ladies wouldn't respond to me, so I walked farther down and other workers were more than happy to answer my questions or fill my order.
The people who helped me were nice and polite, and both welcomed and thanked me for coming, super cool.
Recap: great prices, tasty pizza and desserts.
Come for lunch or dinner, but not in between.
Definitely will return.

I mean... the food is edible... but everything seems to be pretty dry.
As if all the food has been lying out all day...
I've never seen the place busy.. but it's cool.
I'll go here if I'm starving... but probably not again.
Seems every cicis pizza I go to their having a "bad day" or something.
I  haven't had a good experience yet....
Sorry.
Just being honest.

