I started working with Second Chance FitCenter in the spring of this year.
I went because I wanted to feel stronger, especially in my core.
I run and am a generally active dude, but wanted something more out of my physical body.
I had never done any type of "personal training" so I was a little apprehensive....and...
I have REALLY enjoyed working with Heat - she is a great teacher, which if personal training is anything it is a psychologist/mentor/butt kicker/saint...so in my book that is a great teacher!!
Case in point: A few weeks ago I mentioned that I was not sure if I was improving - mostly just my own mind being negative.
So Heat said, "Next time we will try the very first workout we did.
Cool?
"  I was game.
Dude!
I blew through that sucker - to the point were I was like "this is cake"...of course on the second and third time through the sets  (and I think fourth on this day...) it got harder and harder...and I totally kept up.
It was awesome.
I loved it.
My Checklist:   Sense of accomplishment (check) Strength building (check) Piece of mind, knowing I am taking care of myself (check) Good teaching and patience (check)  In short, I love my time at Second Chance.

Until I started high school, I was very fit.
During my elementary school years, most boys in my class didn't like me because I was stronger and faster than them.
I took pride in my athleticism.
Depression hit me very badly my Junior year in high school.
I lost my will to be active, which led to being even more depressed.
When I finally came out of my depression, I still did not regain my joy for being fit because I was so much weaker.
Heather has been my inspiration to get back on the wagon for two reasons.
(1) How many people do you know that beats cancer and competes in a triathlon soon thereafter?!
(2) On a more personal level, she and I raced for fun one day and she kicked my butt.
Nobody has ever beat me in a race before and it hurt my ego and my pride but it helped me to realize how weak I was.
When she informed me that she was going to be a personal trainer, I signed up.
Who better to train you than the person who inspires you?
I live 25 minutes away from her but I still drive the distance to get trained.
She knows her material.
Her sessions are never boring.
She is dedicated and determined.
She kicks my butt but after each session I feel better and I thank her for giving me the will and the drive to be active again.
Who knows, maybe I can beat her in a race one day!
HA HA!

I have been attending the social circuit at Second Chance FitCenter for a few months.
It is a fun, intense, and highly satisfying full body work out packed into 30 minutes.
It's the perfect amount of time!
I've never laughed or worked harder during a work out.
Heather is very knowledgable and encouraging.
Plus it's affordable.
I highly recommend Second Chance FitCenter.

