I rented a house managed by these awful people.
The office is run by unprofessional and rude women who treat their renters like sh*t. They lied to me when I moved in about the age of the AC unit, and sent unsavory people to do hack jobs anytime something needed to be fixed.
I would have renewed my lease but didn't want to have to deal with these crazy bitches ever again.

OWNERS - STAY AWAY FROM THEM!!!!!!!!
Read the other reviews.
They are all true.
This company could care less about you and your tenants.
I will not even go into my long long list of problems because they have an excuse to justify everything that they do to people.
Look at how much time the owner spends responding to complaints on this site.
He does not know how to say "I am sorry, I did not service your account correctly, let me fix it".
Instead he puts 100% of his effort into laying blame at everyone else's feet and getting onto these sites to justify his reasons for treating people badly.
His office staff is horrible starting with his wife.
They have set a horrible tone in their company and it carries through to every single person that works for them.
They use their own in house maintenance department that does a horrible job as well.
I have had to have so many things reworked that they did.
Greg will probably respond with a long diatribe on why I am wrong about my opinion and he is right.
Just take it for what it is, excuses.
See how he has done that to everyone else that has commented here.
He refuses to acknowledge that I am entitled to my opinion whether he likes it or not.
See his comments below.
He did exactly what I said he would.
His comments are false and manipulated to place blame on me instead of just admitting that he had poor customer service.
He gets pretty vicious doesn't he in his comments?
All false of course.

My experience with this PM was excellent, the problem is not with the property management but with the owners.
When problems come up and the tenant put in the request for it to be completed, it takes time.
It is very frustrating and the reason behind all this is because the PM have to go through the property owner to get permission to get certain things done for the tenants.
I know that because I am with another property management at a different location and I went through this so many times with owners.
Simply request then it looks like PM is not trying to do anything for their tenants.
It is always a fight getting things through to the PO when it comes to spending money so that their tenants are able to love at the property and be comfortable.
I stayed with a certain PO for 3 years and during that time, they went through 4 different PMs, this was again because of the lack of interest in servicing the property for the tenant and the blame falls back on the PM company.
So, some of you who just love picking sores and not creating the mess in the first place, you said it correct, stop pointing fingers and get the property in better loving conditions so that the PM companies can continue servicing it when it is under their management company.
They represent your property and gets the go ahead from you, they are only the middleman.
What's worse is when a PO calls your new PM, gives a good review, then turns around and try to give a bad one.
How sad could that be..........
Thank you.

