Delicious, delicious, delicious!
When my friend and I didn't feel like going out to dinner on Sunday, we ordered a large pizza and wings from here.
We selected a half Hawaiian, half Margherita, and both sides were scrumptious!
I have eaten the reheated leftovers, and my husband loved those as well.
The wings had a wonderful flavor and ample meat.
I highly, highly recommend this place for an alternative to Papa Johns / Domino's / Pizza Hut.
The quality is better, the ingredients are fresher, and it's more creative.
They also have many other dinner items to choose from.

Yummy!!!!
I used to live down the street from this pizza joint!
It is one of the best pizza places I have been to on the west coast!
The pizza melts in your mouth!!
They use all fresh and quality goods on their pies.
The bread sticks are as good as it gets.
Whenever I come back to the Phx area I make sure Streets of New York is on my to do list!

RUDE!
RUDE!
RUDE!
I had a poor experience there and called the owner of my experience.
I kindly explained my situation at his restaurant.
I never got an apology, I'm sorry, nothing!!!
I work for a five diamond restaurant and have never been treated so poorly, ever!
Please do not support places that treat their customers like this.

Rude, worst experience ever.
Similar to another reviewers experience, we ordered and waited 1.5 hours after the promised delivery time before we saw our food.
The manager promised that he wouldn't charge us for our food, but my card was still charged.
Rude, and a liar.
When the food arrived, the driver was upset when I decided not to tip him.
The food was cold, and inedible.
This location will never get our business again.

As a chain pizzeria, the quality you expect at this Streets of New York should be the same as every other location.
However, from my experiences, I hope that isn't the case.
There's a decent selection of food here - appetizers, pizza, pasta, wings, sandwiches, desserts, and a beer and wine menu.
Prices are alright, and there are lunch specials for those wanting to save a little money.
Service here is VERY inconsistent.
I've only been served bread two out of five times.
Of the three, we asked for bread as every other table got it.
Our waitress said yes, and she asked us if we still wanted our bread, AFTER our pizza appetizers, OVER AN HOUR later.
Another instance, service was great on a busy weekday lunch.
Bread was brought without asking, and she constantly came back to for refills (we didn't get any last time!).
Interestingly enough, this is the same server.
Perhaps the place is understaffed, but it doesn't seem that big to me.
Because this place cannot even give me a consistent view of its quality, I haven't come back in almost a year.

I have seen several cheesy coupons from this place.
These didn't really atract me , they kind of sent me away.
I live right by this place.
I have now for 6 months.
I have looked at it as I drive past but I always think of the coupons.
I had an errand to run during lunch in the shopping center where this place is at.
My friend sugested we eat there.
Long story short.
I had 2 slices for lunch that were great.
I dripped the grease and folded it up and ate it like I was on a street in NYC  They gave us garlic knots to much on too that were addictive.
I will go back

How difficult is it to make a decent pizza?
Not too tough.
Alas, this joint has gone downhill and we won't be returning.
They used to have a deal where you'd get the antipasta salad with a medium pizza for about 20 bucks, drinks not included.
They changed their menu, and we went ahead and ordered that same thing... with drinks, 36 bucks total!
Not worth the 20 it was before.
The pizza was very dry, not enough sauce, and we even ordered it with extra cheeses, and it was pretty lame.
Salad was OK, service was great, but, to me, a 36 dollar lunch should be a gourmet experience!

My coworkers and I have been at this venue several times but somehow a change of staff has taken place recently.
With this change, we had the worst service ever.
First, the server took forever to take our order.
Finally she took our drink order and after she brought it over, we asked for straws and artificial sweetener.
She never came back and finally one of us got up to get it and she was clueless and didn't care.
Then she took our order, made recommendations but she served this first.
They were wings, and it was cold and not as tasty as expected.
Our food took 45 minutes to arrive, (pizza and green salad), she messed up on the pizza.
Prior to serving, she forgot our orders, had to ask again what we ordered (perhaps if she wrote the orders down??).
She had an attitude and had this "I Don't Care" look.
Needless to say, we have not been back to Streets of New York because the service was awful, server was rude rude rude...

Dropped in for a lunch one day and decided to order a #1 Sandwich (Ham, Salami, Provolone, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Onions, Dressing) w/Pasta Salad and a Coors Light.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tpGr6-jVv_dFSnDGcVL3rw?select=gI5V2uJFJoVdCc6CMlojqA http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tpGr6-jVv_dFSnDGcVL3rw?select=MyzQ7VsZ8W4vxMXJxyyERw oUB0n2Jl76BxGXDUpj3BgQ  Since I was dining alone, I sat at the counter.
The food was prepared pretty fast.
I only had a few sips of my Beer before the waitress came out with the Sandwich.
I took one bite and instantly became a fan.
The Bread is soft and crunchy....the crunch comes from the toaster.
The Sandwich is served hot from a toaster....which makes the flavor of the Meats come out.
The only complaint I have about the Sandwich is that the Dressing makes the Bread too soggy....if you don't eat it fast, it will fall apart on you.
The Pasta Salad is OK....too much Cheese and Dressing on it...I would have preferred it with a little less.
Overall, it was a nice lunch experience.
Return Factor - 84%

Worst Cobb Salad EVER-Could have made a better one myself.

I've never had the pizza from SNY and probably won't, i'm just not that interested.
Their spinach salads are pretty good.
They did mess my order up by giving me greek salad dressing, instead of warm bacon salad dressing.
I ordered the salad primarily for the WARM BACON salad dressing.
We ordered pick up and didn't find out about the mistake until it was too late.
The salad was still fresh.
Hmm, maybe I should've gotten the pizza.
Today the staff was friendly, but I have experienced the rudeness some of the other reviewers mentioned.

Noticed no one has reviewed in a while...it you had a bad experience, you should go back.
My friends and I had just arrived in Scottsdale and were HUNGRY for something near our condo.
This place fit the bill.
The sandwich was yummy, the fries hot and crisp, and the margharita pizza delicious (altho they DID forget to add our jalapenos).
The BEST THING, tho, was the waitress, Denise!
What an absolute doll!
She gave us all kind of tips about where to go and what to do during our girls weekend.
Thank you, Denise, for taking us "off the beaten" tourist track!
This was a great way to start a fantastic weekend.

Good food, but don't go there for Happy Hour!
All of the prices online are NOT the actual prices.
They have ALL gone up and they didn't honor the price.
We went there for a good deal but left paying almost the same price as a regular meal that wasn't happy hour!

Streets of New York - Where People and Pizza are Their Passion  As first time visitors to the Scottsdale area, we wanted to experience a local restaurant that we did not have back home.
We chose an Italian restaurant near the Scottsdale Links Resort where we were staying that was listed in our Vacation Planner - Streets of New York.
We went there on our first night in town.
The restaurant is located in the nearby Target & Albertson shopping center and we easily found parking directly in front of the restaurant.
Since it was summertime, the place was not busy.
As we walked in the door, we were immediately greeted and invited to sit wherever we wished.
We chose a large corner booth up front.
I glanced around in the soft glow in the restaurant and thought how lovely it looked with the sun setting outside.
Mirrors on the walls helped make the place look larger as well as give everyone a view of the two large mounted flat screen TVs broadcasting muted sporting events.
Along one wall were booths with multiple attractive overhead hanging lighting fixtures.
In the center were tables for four and chairs.
A lovely free-standing tall outdoor street lighting fixture stood toward the rear of the restaurant reminiscent of one you might have found on a street corner in ole New York City.
Where we sat we had a good view of the open kitchen as did almost every other table & booth.
The Take-Out Counter was conveniently located just inside the entrance.
Soon our server, Michelle, came over, handed us menus and took our beverage orders.
After perusing the menu, we all decided that Eggplant Rollatini, $10.50 sounded great.
It came with your choice of pasta and sauce.
Three of us chose Fettuccine with Marinara sauce.
Our fourth diner ordered the entrée with Penne and Bolognese sauce.
While we waited for our meal, Michelle brought over a basket of  their Signature  Passion Bread tossed with Garlic Butter  and Parmesan Cheese.
The warm bread was delicious and served with a mild Marinara-style  dipping sauce.
We scoffed up every last piece.
In no time, Michelle offered to replenish the basket.
Only one member of our party could finish the entrée.
The rest of us took home leftovers - enough for another whole meal.
Michelle gave us extra sauce for our leftovers.
We were too full for dessert.
We all felt that we had received great value for our meals with excellent service in a very pleasant setting.
Even with the open kitchen and a setting sun, the restaurant was refreshingly cool.
Since the place was not too busy, Michelle had time to chat with us.
She told us that Streets of New York is actually a chain restaurant with 26 locations mostly in Arizona - two are in Las Vegas.
The chain is family owned since 1976.
It is the official pizza of both the Arizona Diamondbacks and the Phoenix Suns.
Unfortunately, we didn't know that before we ordered.
She said that wings are very popular, also.
We all had such a good experience that we all agreed to return several nights later for another meal.
Michelle was not on duty on our second visit but Assistant Manager Denise was and she was just as friendly and professional as was Michelle.
We decided to order different entrees from our previous visit.
I ordered an extra large Cheese Calzone, $9.50.
My husband ordered Chicken Pesto with Penne, $10.25.
The two other members of our party ordered Lorrie's Lasagna, $10.50.
We all enjoyed our meals as much as on the previous visit.
We joked quite a bit with Denise.
We even called over the Manager, Mike Kelley to praise both servers.
OK we kidded around first about Denise a bit but she was excellent - very attentive and competent plus a lot of fun, too.
How often do you get to have instant rapport with a server - in this case two servers and a Manager?
If we are ever back in the Scottsdale area, we will be sure to return to this restaurant for pizza.
The menu is mostly pizza, pasta and subs - great for a casual meal.
Broaster Chicken is now served at many of their locations.
You can also find seven different salads including Antipasto and several different soups.
Italian Wedding Soup is one that I always enjoy and they have added it to their menu.
Children ten and under  have five choices, $2.25-$4.50.
If you decide to visit, come at Happy Hour which is more than an hour - Monday through Friday, 2:30 - 6 pm.
House wine is $4 a glass then and there are several menu specials.
Alternatively, dine at lunch for their several Lunch Specials such as Six Wings & a Slice of Pizza for $6.95 or Soup and Salad for $5.95.
You just cannot beat the prices and the service too.
Thanks Mike, Denise and Michelle for two fun filled enjoyable evenings.

This location is really is poor!
If you enjoy your car being dinged because of narrow parking spaces, please visit this store, happened twice to me and my family.
Very rude staff, always feel they are hung over from the previous night and hate being there and waiting on their customers.
I have always loved their pizzas since 1984, but I strongly suggest you visit another location.
This one deserves to crash and burn.
Bottom line poor management!

Ordered the bone out wings.... Lil nuggets more like it.
No sauce?
What?
Haven't they ever been to Buffalo Wild Wings ?
Come on now, just a bit of effort.
Pizza was descent,pricey tho 24 for a 16'.
Rosatis still the best.
Oh and grimaldis

I have had numerous company lunches from here and finally decided to order delivery for dinner.
Their menu online is extensive and there are quite a few different versions (some old and some new).
When I called to place my order, I asked if the item I wanted was available and the woman taking my order confirmed it was.
Happy, I placed an order for a veggie pesto pizza with mushrooms, artichokes, and tomatoes.
I also ordered the beer battered combo - this included some deep fried onion rings, mozzarella sticks, and zucchini sticks.
I was told my order would be delivered in 45 minutes.
I wasn't keeping track of time, but it did arrive on time or earlier and was piping hot.
The pizza itself was delicious.
The beer battered items were good but not the best.
(They were still crispy but I've had better.
) My husband enjoyed both and if the craving strikes, we'll probably order from here again.

This may be the worst Pizza I have ever had.
The salads look like they are the same quality as Mc Donald's pre packed in plastic in a refrigerator case.
Service is SLOW and this is really just another junky pizza place with marketing that is far better than the place it's self.
Go to Grimaldi's or Humble Pie instead.
Even papa Johns is better.

I've been going to this place for years!
Very friendly staff, place seems to be managed well as it is very clean and everyone here greats you with a smile.
The food is great.
Love the #7 Best Of Everything!

As usual I ate at the Pima and Frank Lloyd Wright location with my kids.
The server was attentive and polite as usual.
We got a large pizza and the crust was cooked to perfection.
We also enjoyed an order of the baked wings the restaurant seemed to be very clean.
We will be back.

We loved their artichoke dip, it was creamy and delicious.
I didn't try the pizza...which is a bit odd of my since this is a pizza place, but I filled up on garlic bread and spinach dip....my boyfriend liked it though.
Their salads are good also.
Will definitely come back, or even better, get delivery :)

I wrote a review about 6 months ago and wasn't happy with the food.
I just went back to give it another try since it's so close to home and WOW I must of been there on a bad night before because the food was great!
They must of made some changes or something.
I be back for sure!

I love the location on Shea and 92nd.
The manager is wonderful and the food consistent.
They handle our last minute large groups very well.

I stopped in for lunch one day before heading back to work.
I have seen this place around but never stopped in to try.
I had a lunch special which was just 2 slices of pizza.
My server was very friendly and checked up on me every once in awhile.
The bread they brought out before the meal was a little stale, but I did enjoy the pizza.
I've heard good things so I'd probably give them another try.

This is by far my favorite restaurant we've eaten at in North Scottsdale.
Our server, Denise, was super friendly and attentive.
The wings were amazing, the roast beef sandwich was even better.
Will be eating here MANY more times!!

Great little spot in the Target / Ross shopping plaza area.
This location is kinda tucked between several other larger spots, so it can be easy to overlook, but it's worth a stop in if you enjoy Italian eats.
Headed here with a co-worker for a lunch time visit.
They have a lunch specials menu that offers a little bit smaller portions for a lunch price.
We both opted to make our own pasta.
I had the spaghetti with meat sauce.
Bread was brought out in a basket to snack on while we waited for our food.
It was a tasty starter.
The spaghetti came out in a smaller lunch sized bowl, but it was more than enough for a lunch time meal.
The waitress checked back in on us regularly and kept the drinks filled.
Overall: A Great lunch stop off and tasty food!

We went here for lunch during my wife lunch break last week.
She had been before, but it was my first time.
From the outside this place looks pretty small, but when you go in it extends fairly deeply and has mirrored walls, so it's actually quite roomy.
There is a bar up front, and a fair amount of booths and regular tables.
The place is clean, and everything from the decor down to most of the people eating there makes you feel as if you may actually be in NYC.
My wife ordered the spaghetti with meat sauce, and I tried the baked ziti since it was on the lunch special.
They brought us out some breadsticks and marinara dipping sauce.
The bread was hot out of the oven, fresh, and soft.
The marinara was warmed as well.
Very good.
The ziti is gargantuan.
It comes out heaping on the plate, loaded with sauce, italian sausage, and mushrooms, and is topped with a layer of melted mozzarella cheese.
I'm not generally a fan of mushrooms, but most of them were diced small enough not to matter, and the others were easy enough to pick out or around.
The ziti noodles were prepared well and not hard like you sometimes get with baked pasta dishes.
In all, one of the best ziti dishes I've had.
I would definitely recommend it.
I also tried a bit of my wife's spaghetti and meat sauce.
They use the larger traditional spaghetti rather than the spaghettini most places use.
It was cooked well, and the meat sauce was flavorful.
It was good, but not the best I've had.
Overall, it was a good experience and I'd like to go back and try more of their menu items.

