I guess they make cup holders for a reason.
Placing a full cup of Starbucks coffee on the armrest while driving and not asking for a disaster is well dumb!
Took my car into Genie this weekend to see what they could do to clean the mess.
Very pleased with the results but do miss the smell of Starbucks in my car.
Price seemed fair for the detailing work and my car is looking brand new again.

DO NOT GO TO THIS CAR WASH.
I dropped my $90k SUV there to get a detail.
This SUV is always in my garage and I usually hand wash it myself.
They put a large dent in my door and told me nothing about it.
I noticed it when I got home from the car wash.
I immediately returned and they ganged up on me and said that it was there when I brought the SUV in to get detailed.
The owner is a crook and this is a shady location.
I gave them one more shot and brought in my other truck to get a detail.
They finished the truck, however when I got home I noticed that they didnt clean or polish the entire roof.
They must think that most customers will not feel to see if it was done or not.
DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY HERE

So.
My car has synthetic oil and last time I had an oil change and the same car wash I paid 40 dollars.......
This place told me it was 70 dollars.... For an oil change.
None of them were friendly or could give me a breakdown of why its a 30 dollar charge.
These people won't get my business again.

I could not be more disappointed by this place!
I purchased a shampoo for the interior of my car because the sales guy said it would only take 20 minutes - what a complete joke when it took over an hour.
This would have been fine if the car was actually clean!
When all was said and done my car still has dog hair on the backseat - that I was able to get off with just a lint roller.
I will not be going back.

BEWARE.
The guys at this carwash are unsavory and unprofessional.
I got my car detailed and when they were done I discovered that one of the buttons on my radio had come off during the cleaning.
They also took drycleaning out of my car and didn't put it back in necessitating me to drive across town to get it.
They said they would replace the lost button from the radio but after 3 calls asking them to follow through they stated dodging my calls and hanging up on me.
Read other bad reviews on these guys, what happened to me was not an isolated incident.
Please do not give this company your business, the changes are too great something bad will happen.

I actually stopped by there to get gas at the Valero Gas Station with my "cracked windshield" that was fixed several weeks prior.
I got out of my SUV and not one but 3 vultures approached me.
The first vulture approached me and I smiled and told him "Oh, I'm just here to get gas.
Thank you.
" The next vulture, "Why don't you give me your insurance card and I'll have that crack in your windshield fixed?
" Caught off guard because I was simply there to fill up my tank, I politely told him "No, thank you.
" Offended, the d'bag countered rather forcefully that it wouldn't cost me anything and why didn't I care about my car?
Again, pumping my gas as quickly as I could (and not completely filling my tank), I told him "No, thank you.
"  And then came the encore, as if his ego somehow couldn't bear to be told "NO" again-- as if he been told NO for the 100th time that day.
I'm generally a pretty quiet and easy going person but I really wanted to punch this guy in the face!!!
Do these people at Valero really think they are using effective methods to sell their product?!?!
OB freakin NOXIOUS!!!
The goober's friend/coworker (I will call him Vulture numero tres) hoping to sneak in a sell  and  seal the deal, apologized for his friend's behavior.
At that point I was D O N E!
I will never go there again and I will tell all my friends how sleazy and pushy that Genie Car Wash/Valero Gas Station is!!
It's amazing how many people I have told that have had the same experience.
Way to be despicable and lowly, Valero!

I actually stopped by there to get gas at the Valero Gas Station with my "cracked windshield" that was fixed several weeks prior.
I got out of my SUV and not one but 3 vultures approached me.
The first vulture approached me and I smiled and told him "Oh, I'm just here to get gas.
Thank you.
" The next vulture, "Why don't you give me your insurance card and I'll have that crack in your windshield fixed?
" Caught off guard because I was simply there to fill up my tank, I politely told him "No, thank you.
" Offended, the d'bag countered rather forcefully that it wouldn't cost me anything and why didn't I care about my car?
Again, pumping my gas as quickly as I could (and not completely filling my tank), I told him "No, thank you.
"  And then came the encore, as if his ego somehow couldn't bear to be told "NO" again-- as if he been told NO for the 100th time that day.
I'm generally a pretty quiet and easy going person but I really wanted to punch this guy in the face!!!
Do these people at Valero really think they are using effective methods to sell their product?!?!
OB freakin NOXIOUS!!!
The goober's friend/coworker (I will call him Vulture numero tres) hoping to sneak in a sell  and  seal the deal, apologized for his friend's behavior.
At that point I was D O N E!
I will never go there again and I will tell all my friends how sleazy and pushy that Genie Car Wash/Valero Gas Station is!!
It's amazing how many people I have told that have had the same experience.
Way to be despicable and lowly, Valero!

Don't go here they still from you!!!!
They took two packs of cigarettes from us.

I come here for my oil change and car wash, I get both done on my lunch break while I eat.
Super fast service.

Very unprofessional!
Sloppy workmanship and no willingness to correct issues.
Cannot recommend...they have a very poor customer service attitude.
Watch your car go through...on several occasions no wax will be applied if you don't call there attention to the process.
Detail was department waxes of the bugs!
Very disappointed by this establishment.

Should have read the reviews before coming here.
Lied to me about the quality of the oil in my oil change.
Wouldn't refund $10 to make it right.

If you are just looking for a good car wash, then this is the place.
They will have your car looking brand new.
I don't know about all the other comments, but I've never had problems here.
I don't know about anything else they offer, but they are great at cleaning your car.

Yep.
Wish I would have read this before going.
I haven't lived in Scottsdale for a number of years, but figured Genie's couldn't be all that different from Danny's (their predecessor in the same location).
Turns out I was wrong.
:( I took my dad's car in to get a quick wash to say thank you for hosting me and some friends for Spring Training.
The car is literally brand new, so it wasn't that dirty.
Only obvious dirt was from my puppies paws on the back seat... which were not washed off when they handed the car to me.
Even after I asked for them to take a damp towel to it, the guy still couldn't get the dust off.
Seriously... it was just dust.
Anyway... not worth it.
I asked my parents about their experiences here and they experienced the same mediocracy.
Meh.

Don't go.
Read my tip and learn why we are one and done with these idiots.

Great service.
Car is always clean inside and out.
And they are fast.

