Our visit sounded more like a visit to the Emergency Room.
There was plenty of sneezing, wheezing, itching, and overall difficulty breathing.
The cause:  a clueless couple and their hairy cat.
A supervisor was called and we were told that we could leave the area but that a paying customer would not be asked to leave even if their cat was having a negative impact on other guests and employees.
Pets are allowed.
Personally, If I knew that I had an item that was causing that much distress, I would leave but I am of a different generation and it is not always about me.
So United ~ if I could give you negative stars, to risk the well being of that many people, I would.

Less than zero - closes too early for a frequent traveler.

closes at 7pm?
are you kidding me?

This place is in serious need of an "update".
The bathroom is disgusting.
Wallpaper peeling off the wall, always dirty and for the men, only four stalls.
This is a busy United Club.
There are never any stalls open!
Where are the power outlets?
Good luck finding them.
Unless you go to the back "office" area where there are two per station.
Out in the lounge area there are only a couple and people have to fight for them.
The bar & cleaning employees seem ho-hum.
They're obviously not excited about being there.
The United Employees working there are the one bright spot.
They're very good.
Not much else to do in Denver when you're stuck but United really needs to go to work on these clubs in Denver.

This place needs an update.
The restroom facilities were disguisting, and they only offered four bathrooms stalls for men.
No power outlets offered.
Better off, staying away from this place.

This place is absolutely terrible.
I echo the sentiments expressed earlier.
United need to tear this place down and build something befitting the 21st century.

It's just okay.
Needs a little refresh.
I've been in worse.

Hey Sky Harbor.
Terminal 2 SUCKS!
I feel bad for all businesses in this Terminal.
There really is no room to build and everything feels old and dirty.
The United Club does not have that dirty feel.
It is a cozy club, but was not very busy when I was in there.
The bartender was new but she was awesome, super friendly and wanted nothing more than the customers to have a great experience.
Sonia I think was her name.

I liked this place as it had some nice cookies and drinks that I didn't see at other United Clubs.
It is small but very relaxing and I appreciated the amenities here.
Nice to have this club at the Phoenix hub.

A small oasis in an otherwise dumpy PHX terminal 2.
Website says closes at 10pm but actually stays open past 11pm to accommodate last flight.
Modest Suggestion for United:  replace United Club bean counter with a true hospitality manager.
Visit a few Lufthansa lounges for good ideas.
Better yet, hire or steal one of their managers.

United has excellent clubs with basic drinks free and good food nosh on.

Alaska Airlines Board Room members welcome.
Coors light dafts and Sycomore Lane wines were complementary.
Alcohol is what we care about the most right?
I don't understand the club's low rating.
Setting aside all the personal gripes people have had, the place has quality.
It's not the best, but the club is quiet, clean and the staff was friendly.
Terminal 2 is pretty desolate, so overcrowding will not likely be a factor.
If you're into a low key environment, this is a good place.
The bartenders were fun, I enjoyed hanging out with them.
Also, the fruit selection was good - bananas are great for hangovers.

