Absolutely love this hookah lounge.
The atmosphere is very chill, the staff is really friendly and the prices are awesome.
Pool tables are available and this place is 18+ so you young wiper snappers can come here and enjoy some hookah with friends.
The place is a bit smoky, but what do you expect.
The front counter carries snacks and other smoking accessories.
Try the Skittles Flavor!

This place used to be TERRIBLE.
The caps-lock emphasis is deserved.
It used to be run by a couple of gangster-wannabe dweebs in saggy pants.
However, they have since changed management and the changes are phenomenal.
The place is clean, a new seating area with couches and tables has been added to the left side, the pool tables have been fixed up, and they've attempted a bit of style with the decor.
The hookah prices are reasonable and they have a lot of combos available.
And on Friday nights it gets all Night at the Roxbury in there, it's fun.

uh.... no.
If I want to blaze up with the hookah this might be the joint (pardon the expression).
If I want to shoot pool?
No way in hell I will be back to this place.
I use to work at a failing pool hall in Seattle and I see much of the same here... 1.
No booze.
Cool, but that always means over priced table time.
No A/C uh.... really, you think i will be back and invite my friends to sweat it out at 108 degs in your boring over priced  smokey pool hall?....your are smokin the hope-iam my friends.
Times are tough, i get it, but the winners are not who offers less, but who offers more.... you, I am sad to say lose in an epic way.

No alcohol.
Okay.
But the pool tables were a little crappy, and the pool sticks were way crappy.
If I was 18-20, this would be my hangout but its not made for people to play pool as you may expect with the word 'Billiards' in the name.
It really is just a loud place for kids to hang out.
There is nothing wrong with that but because they cater to a young crowd they don't know pool etiquette they just want to stand in big groups around each other doing not much.
I quickly bounced out.

First time here and never again will I set foot in this place.
Hookahs suck and are old, hoses are very dirty.
It is packed with people and don't have enough seating for two.
Save your self the trouble and go somewhere else.
Waste of 15 bucks.

This is a great place to come hang out at with friends.
The hookahs hit amazing very smooth and tasty.
The prices are very reasonable 12 or 15 dollars depending on the flavor you get.
The staff is friendly and very informative on the different kinds of flavors they have.
The daily specials are also  great from Monday-Friday.
They have about 8 pool tables for whoever enjoys playing pool.
The drink and candy selections are good if you want something to snack on or drink with your hookah.
I highly recommend this place if you're looking to do something during the week or if you have nothing planned on the weekend.

Not a bad place.
Not great either.
With options being slim around where I live it doesn't get too much netter besides smoking at home.
For awhile they used really crappy coals but the last time I went it seems as though they changed that.
I'm not sire whether or not they switch back and forth or what but that hindered many experiences in the past here.
Hookahs were "alright" I personally enjoy the atmosphere here although I haven't been when they were super busy so I'm not sure how often that really does occur.
The guys that run the place seem chill.
Never had any negatives towards them or anything.
Worth trying to see if its for you but for me personally, not so much.

This Place is pretty good , been to numerous hookah lounges around the valley.
This place earns a 2 star from me.
1 for hookah, and 1 for the pool tables .
Everything else nope.

