I had a friend who worked here so I use to get my hair done with her.
After she left I have tried going back a few times but I always have a bad experience.
The last time I had a pink streak put in my hair and I was told it would cost $20.
At the end she charged me $80.
It was ridiculous and I'm never going back again.

I have been to many salons in my life and i have never been more impressed than when i went to Hair-Do!
Not only is it a beautiful salon, the girls that work there are true professionals.
The atmosphere is fun and friendly.
I got my hair cut and colored by Jenny and she did an amazing job!
You know your hair looks great when you still get compliments 2 months later!
Her prices are very affordable too.
I will definitely be returning!

I have known the owner, Suzanne for over 10 years and she always does a fantastic job.
We typically make our appointments for the whole year at the beginning of each year so we are guaranteed that we have have our time slots set!
All her stylists do a fantastic job!

So far so good, always a great haircut.
I love the attention!!
Its a great polace and the scenery is SPECTACULAR

This is a really cute little salon in the Dana Park area (I think that is what it's called).
They have a lot of fun product and the place is clean and tidy.

I would not go here!!!
I was referred by a friend and lets just say the cut/color i received here from supposedly one of their best "stylist" was so bad.
The color was supposed to be blonde but ended up being a muted yellow and the cut I cried about.
The work here is below par!

We love Cami!

I followed my stylist, Jennifer Ray, to this salon and am very pleased with her and the salon itself.
Jennifer is a sweetheart and really has some serious hair cutting and styling skills.
I assure you that if you visit her that you will be very pleased with the results.
I do not feel out of place in this salon, everyone is nice and friendly and it is clean and stylish.

What a cute place!
I have been going here for about a year when my stylist switched salons and started working here.
The place is decorated nice and has a fun energy!
I just went for a cut this weekend and as soon as I walked in, thought I might be in the wrong place!
They extended it out so it is much bigger and looks fantastic!
I am always greeted right away and asked who I am there to see, and they let my stylist know that I am there.
It's a great little spot and I of course highly recommend my stylist Sara H.

I go to Jennifer every time I get me hair done.
She is the first person I have ever found that cares!
I have naturally curly hair so I've never been great at styling it straight and she took the time to teach me.
Now there isn't a day that goes by that I don't get a compliment on my hair!!!
As an added bonus they expanded their salon and I love it!!

I have been to tons of salons to get get 2.5 years of black out.
and 4 months of mess.
I dyed my hair red after a stylist from another salon told me too once her color faded and then to come back so she could try to strip it again.
i never went back because it cost me almost 200$.... and for nothing besides black and red patches.
any way i was tired of red and wanted my natural which is dirty blonde light dishwater brown.
and so i tried dying it brown, my hair was black brown and red... well i called hair do  and booked an appointment with  charlie cutter ( AMAZING) , Voila  my hair is one color.
and SOOO MUCH lighter.
She is absolutely amazing, i recommend her to any one with color correction.
All the girls are super nice and there is a vibe in there unlike ANY other salon.
You know when you walk in everyone there loves there job.
and it made it enjoyable for me and it was way affordable for what they did for me.
hands down best salon ever !

Horrible, horrible experience.
Never again.

This is my zen spot.
Love coming here and just spacing out into my own little calgon moment.
Kim D. And Miranda do fantastic job.
Environment and staff are all great and helpful.
Definitely a quality hair/salon experience

