We normally use the self-serve Kiosk (great invention, BTW) when renewing anything here.
The lines are crazy busy, and the parking lot is busting at the seams, that people park in the next parking lot across the way.
Once we came at 3:30 and it wasn't a nightmare.
Otherwise, you are here for quite a while- looking either depressed, pissed off, or confused (those were the typical expressions today- the waiting room was filled!
) You will get in a line to get a number, and then you will sit in the waiting room.
Bring a book, an iPod, or use your cell phone to make use of your time.
Today, we needed to renew the registration on one of our vehicles.
The line was out the door, almost to the steps of the DMV.
The line seemed to go fast, since there are two machines inside.
But keep in mind the lines block the bathrooms, so other people are constantly in that area.
At least, we were done in 20 minutes.
Happy to be out of there- it's depressing there, and the crowd doesn't help matters much either.
(We saw a crackhead, a guy in a leather jacket that went to the bathroom about 5x, an older lady that looked like a caricature, and generally, people who looked like they rolled out of bed, still dressed in their pajamas.
)  We will never learn the reason why a visit here can last for hours.

Why the low rating?
Face it, no one wants to ever go to the DMV.
Even with advancements in technology that allow you to do various things online, it is inevitable that at some point or another, you will have to physically go to the DMV....and you WILL hate it.
Why the two stars?
Two stars for two words.....snack bar.
Will return....even if i don't want to.

Look, it's the DMV.
I don't understand when people complain about the wait times.
It's just inevitable.
I have to say though, I've never really had that many problems with long waits since moving to Vegas.
This was my first time at this particular DMV.
I usually head to the one on Flamingo, which I still prefer, but was still pleased with this one.
The number system is organized and I think quite helpful.
We didn't have to wait more than 20 minutes for our number to be called and our attendant was helpful and I was pleased with the experience overall.
The DMV is a necessary evil in life, so I get quite annoyed with all the constant complaining about it.
Just get it done and move on.
=)  Overall, fast and pleasant experience.

Got there 15 minutes before opening on a Monday.
After opening it took about 30 minutes to finish up with 100+ people ahead of me.
Seems like they did a pretty good job to me.

Within the last six months I have managed to lose my passport, social security card and my driver's license twice because I am so freakin' awesome!
F-M-L!!!!
Luckily my two visits to this specific DMV location have been quick, painless and actually quite enjoyable.
Items to bring with you:  Proper forms of ID  Completed paperwork  Coffee is a MUST with 3 add shots of course  Headphones- today I was bumping to Snoop Dogg  Makeup just in case they try to pull a quick one on you and you have to retake the retarded photo  HAND SANITIZER because people that smell this bad have to have mad germs.
The DMV is possibly my favorite place to people watch other than the airport.
On this occasion there were two women with the biggest hair that could pass for members of the group Heart.
It's windy outside, but those female mullets were still standing strong thanks to all the Aqua-net they used.
My experience was positive because I was in and out within thirty minutes.
The lady assisting me went above and beyond doing her job.
She engaged in personal conversation about my birthday, my hair color, my red nose, and heritage.
She sincerely cared about me and said I reminded her of her daughter.
I thought it was sweet and I left feeling as if I have a Fairy Russian Godmother at the DMV.
Let's just pray I don't turn into a pumpkin or lose my license again.

Quick and helpful.

Just want to say this place sucks!
We waited for four hours and I know its the dmv but seriously I have been licensed in 10 states and never heard of such stupid rules as what the have going in Nevada!

I never have a problem at the DMV, you know you have to wait so just relax.
I find this one is quite entertaining because of the random types of people that walk in lol!!
But I have to say the fines are ridiculous that's the only think I hate about the DMV.
Make sure if you don't pay your insurance to call them ASAP because it's not just 250$ anymore

Seriously, every time I have gone here, I don't have to wait long.
I just went in this morning and when I was at the check-in counter, the number I was given, was already being called.
I was in and out of there in less than 30 minutes.
The staff is also really nice and helpful.
Just goes to show if you're nice, others will be nice back.

When I first moved to Vegas I heard horror stories about the DMV.
The wait times are atrocious, the staff is rude, yadda, yadda.
That hasn't been my experience at any DMV in Nevada and the Sahara one in particular.
Plenty of parking?
Yes.
Reasonable to ridiculously short wait times?
Yes.
Very helpful staff?
Yes.
Comparing my Nevada DMV experience with other states this is a breeze.
And I am a big fan of the Sahara location.
Now if they could fix their offsite kiosks so I didn't have to even go in at all that would be nice, but if the kiosks are down or it's something you gotta do face to face, I don't mind coming here.
Yes, the DMV gets 4 Stars.
And don't forget to check their website for the wait times before you go as there are times it gets busy.

Kiosk.
$3 fee but so worth it.
And when I can't go to the kiosk, I have never experienced that "horrible" staff at this location either.
This location does tend to be the busiest but with wait times now listed on their website why would you be a dumb ass and go when they are busy?
If you do and then complain about it, that would be your fault.

I was compelled to write this review after a particularly agreeable experience at this DMV.
I have been to the one on W. Flamingo about ten times, and each time was horrible.
Long lines, crappy service, dirty...
I recently visited this location on a saturday with my Ipod in hand, a book and snacks expecting to spend all day there.
Mch to my surprise, as soon as I was given a turn my number was called.
The man at the counter was very pleasant and I was out of there in less than 10 minutes!
Astounding!
I will be coming to this DMV location from now on.

People bad-mouth the DMV.
It's not the fault of the people who work there; everyone who has helped me there has always been nice.
I think it's the fact that there are more people who require DMV services than the state can employ to keep everyone's expected waiting time down.
I've never had to wait more than a half hour for anything, and less than 5 minutes on quite a few occasions.

This DMV is HUGE!!
I came here to get my State employees ID, I got to bypass the line since I am a state employee but it honestly wasnt that long.
They opened the doors up at 7:50 am and I think they originally dont open until 8.
The seating area is very large and its very bright and nice inside.
Everything is in close parameters and they also have a snack bar.
My rep, Camille, was such a sweet girl, She was very helpful and not at all rude!
I went to take my photo and they tell you to look down at the Taz and it seems like youre going to be looking weird in your photo.
Of course the lady didnt show me, so my work ID may look totally stupid and I'm just going to have to deal with it.
The parkings a plenty here, but watch out for those who like to go up the wrong way!
Its also in a school zone so please slow the eff down!
By the time I left everyone was already seated with reps and being taken care of!

This DMV is crazy fast!

I know what you're saying!
"Who in their right mind would give the DMV 5 stars!
"  But, that is what this place deserves.
I have been stalling about renewing my license.
But, it is crunch time as it expires in 4 days (July 1st).
So, I gathered everything I needed and drove down to the DMV.
And, may I add, that today June 28th, is the beginning of a record breaking heatwave.
Anyhow, I put my Birth Certificate, Social Security card, proof of address (in the form of a magazine, just in case I needed it), 2 bottles of water, protein bar and my iPod (with a few movies and a ton of songs) in my backpack and mentally prepared myself for an all days event.
You see, I'm originally from Southern California, and you can feel like Tom Hanks' character from "The Terminal" at the DMV's there.
It is an eternal event.
So, I drove down and got here about 30 minutes before they opened and stood in the line that has already formed.
A security guard walked out with the flag folded in his hands and asked everyone to form one line.
He raised the flag, and quipped "This is the worst, straight line I have ever seen.
"  It had people laughing.
That set a positive mood.
Then they opened the doors about 15 minutes early to let everyone get out of the sun.
Elderly and handicap first.
Everyone was polite and there was no pushing or arguing.
Nice!!!
We all stood in a line to get our number and whatever paperwork we needed, then we had a seat.
That took all of 5 minutes.
As I was filling out my paperwork, my number was called and I told the guy that I wasn't finished and he said, "Give me you old license, social and birth certificate and I'll get the ball rolling while you finish.
"  I finished and he took the application and said you are good to go.
I did a quick read of a chart, got my picture taken and off I went.
Done in about 20 minutes.
It doesn't get any better than that.
It took me longer to get to the DMV then it did to get my license renewed.
Great Job!!

Decently fast service.
But terrible neighborhood.
As soon as I got out of my car, a old lady warned me about a homeless guy in a beaten down old blue jeep that harasses passers by for "gas money" in the parking lot.
I showed up here in two separate days and that VERY SAME GUY in the jeep is still hanging out there, on the outer edge of the parking lot.
He either doesnt wear a shirt or has a dirty wifebeater on.
Later on during the final day where I was getting a new license, I went back to my car and overheard a guy talking to security about a smash and grab robbery that happened on his car while it was parked here.
Like, windows bashed open and something inside was taken.
I would recommend avoiding this place and going to Decatur DMV in Northwest Vegas instead.

Not going to deny that service here is quick and the wait to be helped is a lot shorter than waits at others waits in Vegas.
I went in & expected to wait a couple of hrs for my number to get called but my number was called in less than a minute.
Unfortunately I wasn't aware & the lady who serviced me was completely rude.
She rushed me & said I wasted 3 minutes of her time because I wasn't paying attention that my number was called.
On top of that, a friend at the DMV said hello & this lady says am I here to do business or waste her time.
Don't get me wrong, but I'm pretty sure she isn't getting paid for every customer she has, but by the hour.
Terrible customer service.
If this dmv wasn't a fast process, I'd never go there again.

Longest wait ever biggest dmv I ever saw so many people they were lined up outside crazy

You can check waiting times for the DMV online.
This location is pretty large inside.
Lots of windows and employees working at them.
My best advice is to get there EXTRA EARLY (8-8:30am) or CHECK ONLINE to see which one is the least busy before going.
PROS: Checking online the waits              No waiting at 8:23am              The lady who helped me.
CONS: The two miserable people working the photos.
They are JADED.
Not knowing what your picture looks like until it arrives at your house.

We needed to get our Nevada state ID'S and searched the locations and wait times on the DMV website.
Might I add, that website is a lifesaver!
It was later in the day (2:30pm on a Saturday) and every DMV was about a half an hour to over an hour wait!
This location shockingly had only a 10 minute wait, so of course we quickly made our way out here.
By the time we got to the DMV, we were able to just walk right up to the front.
There was no wait at all!
This DMV is clean, large, cool and the employees were friendly.
Unfortunately we forgot our documents at home so we had to drive back and get it.
By the time we got back to the DMV it was already 3:58pm (they close at 4).
We were able to go right to the front of the line and our number was called right away.
The guy assisting us was not that animated or talkative, but in the end he was very efficient and helped us out a lot - even well after they were closed.
We were the last ones there!
We were really impressed with how helpful the employees here were.
We're so glad we were able to finally get our Nevada state ID's and we're looking forward to the local discounts!

