the girl was good.
i asked for upper lip and eyebrows and i got the whole face for the price of what i had asked for; upper lip and eyebrows.
although, it lacked customer service.
i feel like when you walk in, they treat you like just another customer..   just sayin, if i'm paying you $15 for 5-10 min tops, at least SMILE!!

They definitely did a good job on my eyebrows, but personally the long wait, lack of customer service, and the price were not worth it.
Granted, it is decorated modern and chic, but I would rather go to my hole in the wall place, where I'm in and out in 5 minutes, its cheaper, and they do an amazing job and always provide service with a smile.

I have been to this particular location for eyebrow threading twice.
On both occasions I walked in without an appointment and was greeting right away.
There was no wait and the desk attendant was very professional.
The brow threading person did an excellent job.
I would recommend that she improve her customer service.
She did not ask me how I would like my brows done or even speak to me at all.
Overall, I would come back again since they did make my brows look great!

I've never had my eyebrows threaded and didn't know where to go, so I figured just going to the Diva Beauty in the mall was a safe choice.
The receptionist didn't even bother to look up from texting on her iPhone when she asked what we wanted.
Literally, I had no eye contact from her until she collected my money at the end.
Very rude!
I went to sit in the chair of the only threading lady there.
She didn't say hi, didn't give me her name, didn't even smile.
I felt like she was mad at me for sitting in her chair.
And then she wanted to go straight to business, not asking if there was anything particular I wanted done.
So I added quickly, "I just don't want them super thin.
" And she looked at me like I was CRAZY and didn't even say, "Okay.
" She just went ahead threading.
It hurt and I bled a little, I think she was rougher than necessary because I walked out of there with incredibly red and swollen eyebrows.
She did a decent job, though I was hoping she'd shape them better.
At least she didn't go thin on them.
Then I tipped her (she grumbled 'thanks') and paid $11 and left.
The price was good, the customer service was terrible, and my brows were good but not great.
I'd only go here if you need your brows done in a hurry.
But the service wasn't all I was hoping for.
I'll be shopping around for another place to go.

Never coming back here.
My eyebrows were uneven, swollen, numb, scratched up, and bloody by the time they were done.
I asked her for a clean up.
When she was done, she disappeared so fast.
When I got home, I looked in the mirror and saw all the hair she missed.
Never going back here.

