I love this Papa John's!
I order online all the time and they get my order correct and get it out in a timely fashion.
Even on a busy busy Friday night it takes no more than an hour to reach me :).
The delivery drivers are always so nice too!
Plus the pizza is yummy!

Papa John's advertising team does a good job.
After seeing the commercial for the large pizza for $10 with 3 free toppings multiple times last night, we decided to have pizza for dinner.
I placed our order online, love businesses that offer that option.
We got 2 pizzas, one original and one thin crust.
We also got a salad.
Total damage after tax and delivery fee but before tip was $28.
Our pizza arrived about 40 minutes after the order was placed, which was what my confirmation email said.
Everything tasted fine.
Not exceptionally tasty but good pizza at a good price.
I still prefer both Villa and Rosati's pizza, even at the higher price, but something a little change of pace is nice.

Sometimes you just want pizza.
And you want it now!
I can go online, place my order and swing by on my way home to pick it up.
And what I get is for the most part consistently good.
No, it's not Settebello.
But if you've got hungry kids a pepperoni and cheese pizza takes care of things quite nicely.
This location is usually very fast and friendly.
Once in a while they've messed my order up but this is like 2x out of 60+ orders and counting.
They'll also double cut pizzas or at least they did until the website changed and took away the option for it.
Parking can be tight so back out carefully...I've had some close calls here as people are hurrying to the bar at the end of the shopping center and they want to fly through the parking lot.
Don't say nobody warned you!
One weird thing: If you pay with a credit card they assume you live in the area so they punch in that zipcode.
If you have a credit card with a different billing address / zipcode your card may have trouble.
This has happened to me so much that now i just choose to pay online and skip the in-store payment fiasco.
(After 60+ orders and counting, I have to give them 4 stars.
If it wasn't good I wouldn't have been back so much!
I've ordered from here before noon, evening, and very late...it's consistently good.
One last thing, delivery to certain parts of Hendertucky can take an hour or more.
Ugh!
Just go get it yourself and save the hassle.

Dear Papa Johns: Thank you so much for raising your prices, for taking the double cut option off your online ordering, and for being out of spices when I pick up my pizza.
With that extra buck per pizza you're now charging, is it too much to ask to have basic "Papa Johns Special Seasoning" in stock?
Surely your managers or whomever does the online ordering can click the little onscreen box in order to ship some of the seasoning packets to the store.
As for taking double cut off the options, sure I can still ask for it at the store, but why can't I just click the box and make it clear what it is that I want?
But as for the price increase?
I can't thank you enough.
Settebello charges $12 for their basic masterpieces.
Your price increase, drop in quality, and lack of having basic spices means Settebello and other pizza places are now in play for our business.
I can steer my family towards higher quality local choices!
Tack on a we don't give a dang attitude at the store last night and you get a dropped 2 stars boot to the keister with the follow up review.
Oh and the 2 year old spit out your cheese sticks.
That is an EPIC FAIL!

We rented out the Boulder bowling alley and ordered pizza to be ready for pick up at 11:00 AM (when the party started).
We confirmed it would be prep'd and done by store open.
When we arrived at 11, the oncoming staff had no word of any order and there I awaited for nearly one hour of my daughter's 2 hour birthday party rental in Boulder City.
So, not only did I miss it, everyone was forced to eat in the middle of the games that would be ending in a little over a half hour.
Mistakes happen and I understand, being in retail management, myself.
The store offered to comp one full pizza and two dessert pizzas for future order.
When I arrived to make that order, the "new" manager determined that he would not honor what his own staff promised--no regard or apology for the $150 mistake on behalf of papa johns on Horizon in Henderson.
He told me I would have to appeal to corporate if I so pleased.
I let this one go--not the end of the world--although not at all pleased.
...fast forward a few weeks, my wife appeals to the online convenience of ordering, once again, and orders 4 xtra large specialty pies and one dessert for a friends dinner and a movie party...I pick up after work and when I arrive home my wife informs me that they got the order wrong--just forgot to include her dinner--the salad!
Oh no!
I can't buy dinner omitting the only meal part that really matters.
I call back not expecting anything above and beyond the call of duty and I simply explain that friends have already started to arrive and I would appreciate "delivery" to just drop the salad I paid for off at the house, just up the street (1 mile).
This same manager informs me that he would not be able to make this so called "courtesy" because they are "busy" tonight...you got it...the pizza delivery service would not deliver because it was busy.
I spoke with the manager to confirm what came to me in utter disbelief and because the original order was coded "for pickup" he would not be delivering a salad in behalf of their mistake.
Very displeased now, I determined the futility of our conversation and asked for a refund on my salad when he proceeded to tell me he could not because it is what I ordered.
Feel free to get your pizza from Papa's on Horizon if all you really want is a real slice of insanity!

NO STARS!!!
I am disabled.
My spine is messed up so movement is very painful for me.
Last night, the delivery driver for Papa John;s, even after being informed by the MOD that HE had delivered to my address before and that I was a regular customer, STILL refused to deliver my pizza because I wanted her to simply OPEN MY FRONT DOOR, so I would not have to endure transferring to my wheelchair to do so and so she wouldn't have to wait the 5 to 10 minutes it takes me to get from the couch to the wheelchair to the front door to open it.
I asked her thru the door to call me--which is the standard accommodation this Papa Johns has had with me for three years.
She refused.
Later she told me on the phone to add insult, that it was her discretion to deliver or not and that my neighborhood was too dangerous to do so!
I have THREE PORCHLIGHTS and my house fronts a four lane avenue which is very well illuminated.
Just one more thing a disabled person can't do without running into a bunch of ridiculous and absurd obstacles:  get a pizza delivered!
I will of course try Domino's the next time I want a pizza.
If u are in this Papa Johns delivery area and you support the right of disabled people to live as normal a life as possible, I ask you to try Domino's the next time you want a pizza too.

