I was flying out of MC Carran today and needed to grab a bite to eat.
So I perused the restaurants in the Gate areas and spotted out Villa Pizza .
So I perused their menu and ordered the Lasagna , Pasta Salad and mixed vegetables.
It was Filling but Good in taste.
Not bad for Airport food.

got a slice of heartburn and disappointment at about 9pm.
It took me 15 minutes to get through the line of 4 people, 2 to eat a slice... it was something like food, but it had been sitting out too long.
I think it was mainly that the place was closing down that the food was so bad, but man, it was bad, slow, expensive and not good even by airport standards.

In Southwest terminal near (if I remember correctly) Gate C22.
They had a triple play deal for $8.99 where you can choose a pasta, a salad, and either chicken parmigiana or sausage with peppers (there might have been another entree option).
I chose the baked ziti as the pasta and found it delicious.
I also chose the chicken parmigiana.
The girl cashier was very nice and the portion was very good.
It also came with bread.
I was pleased and full by the time I was finished.
I would eat there again.
I walked around to see what nearby eateries were charging and was glad I went with this place.

If I could put zero stars I would.
The pizza looked soooo good but once I took a bite is was the most discusting thing I have ever eaten, the cheese slipped off and I felt the crust that was under the pizza and it was so so so soggy like it was a few days old, then there was a strange film type substance under the cheese.
Needless to say I will never be eating at any villa pizza ever again, after I saw that gross pizza I kept thinking about it and felt sick and wanted to vomit!

Not bad for a place in the airport!
Loved their sicilian pizza.
Of course they're going to be expensive!
What do you expect from airport food XD.
They a multitude of other italian/pasta dishes that I didn't get to try out, but I can certainly vouch for their pizza!
They are located next to C24 in the Southwest terminal in a mini food court with the popeyes and Wendy's.
Some place to sit, but not a whole lot.

What can you expect from airport food?
Granted, they do have a good selection.
Prices are high per usual but there is ample seating and they give you ice water instead of redirecting you to a fountain.
The food was so-so.
But again, what do you expect?

I've had better pizza in airports.
The sauce is too sweet and crust not crisp enough.
Pass!

Props for delivering a browning and wilting salad that was also semi-frozen.
Have you ever crunched ice crystals in your lettuce?
It's pretty disgusting.
$7 down the drain.

It's OK.
Here's a quick tip, if you want pizza, keep walking toward C12ish there is a sabarro... Go there.

This is literally the worst pizza I've ever had.

Pretty flavorless...
Barely warm, $15 for Stromboli combo..
Most confusing ordering process ever.
The lady kept barking at me to choose a side but it doesn't say anywhere what the sides are.. Keep walking

Sausage pepperoni Pizza was surprisingly good as was the Stromboli.
I would seek it out again for sure

