I had my daughter at this hospital about a year ago.
The people that work there are great.
They make you feel like you are a person not just a number like most places.
They made sure everyone that came was comfortable.
Room service has excellent food.
I will highly recommend anyone that needs medical attention to go there!

Great staff, great hospital food from Cafe.
Excellent staff that care about you and your well-being.
Had to be admitted for a blood transfusion.
They made me feel comfortable and listened to my concerns.
The facility is in great condition with high tech equipment.
The in-room camera robot thing threw me off at first, until the nurse explained to me that they use an off-site nurse adn doctor through a camera they checks on you daily (as well as assists in the event of a code-blue situation, for example)......  so if you have to be admitted, don't do anything indecent in your hospital room because an off-site nurse/doctor is watching at any given moment.....
They have the best hospital food!
Seriously.
Will go back to visit their cafe for lunch or dinner soon.
The Salmon dinner is awesome.
Cheescake was amazing.

Came here in the middle of the night fighting a kidney stone.
The only negative I have is how long it took to get seen.
I spent about 30 minutes to be seen, which is an eternity in the pain I was in.
Outside of that, the staff was genuinely caring.
I saw Dr Page and he was quite helpful in helping me understand what was going on and getting me medicated so I could start feeling better.

I Made  2:30 emergency room visit with extreme pain from a kidney stone last week.
I was fortunate to get in right-away and was able to get some medicine to relieve the horrible pain.
The staff  and doctor was very polite and professional.
The facility is clean, nice and modern.
I was treated quickly and released in a short period of time so I could go home and get some rest.
I hope that I don't have to go back anytime soon, but thanks Banner for nice treatment!

My review is STRICTLY for the doctor who saw us in the ER.
Dr. Abeer Duggal Pa was one of the most open doctors my boyfriend and I have encountered.
We have recently moved into the area from out of state and are still trying to find primary physicians.
When my boyfriend started getting burning headaches we were very concerned and wanted someone to see him right away, but most doctors in the area have a 6-8 week waiting period for new patients.
This is what brought us to the ER today.
We wanted to see if we could get some answers sooner.
We believe strongly in allowing the body to heal naturally as often as possible.
If you give your body the right vitamins and the proper care you are much less likely to require western medical procedures.
Dr. Abeer Duggal Pa understood our views and did not belittle or laugh at us like the bald male RN who took my boyfriend's temperature did.
My boyfriend and I are not hippies who are out to bring down the pharmaceutical industry or anything crazy.
We just do everything we can to avoid things that are toxic to the body, like CAT scans, preservatives, and hidden unnecessary ingredients in medications and foods.
Dr. Duggal Pa understood this with us and did not try to sway us and explained things that he thought we may find beneficial.
I really appreciated that with this doctor and wish there were more understanding and open doctors like him.

A few years spent about 10 days and was well taken care of!

Pleasant.
Love working out here.
The View is fantastic, people are friendly and there's done great places to eat out here.

