I love Sonoran Studios and refuse to use another AV company in town!
Neil Schneider and his team are incredible and go above and beyond for each event.
My events look polished, elegant, expensive (but not!
), and the flow is amazing.
Neil can also design videos and slides for you!
His videos are wonderful for emotional appeals and make me cry each time!
The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society can't wait to use Sonoran Studios for all of our upcoming events!

My company (not the one I don't own, the one that employs me) uses Sonoran Studios for all our audio/visual needs.
I really had no idea what A/V was or why you would need to hire an outside company to do the sound, video production, lighting etc until we had our first event using Sonoran and let me tell ya.... we are never going back.
Sonoran's team is first class, easy to work with, and just cool people.
I've been to an awards event and sat through really painfully lame videos with bad editing and cheesy music with awful lighting on the people--- It is nice to know with Sonoran, you will never have that horrible experience.
I feel like they do it all and make it looks so easy and soooo good!
I highly recommend.

Fantastic company!
The people running the show are amazing.
The client is the first priority, and everything is done with precision and style.

Sonoran Studios rocks!
We have worked with this company on numerous projects, both big & small.
I always appreciate their thorough and thoughtful recommendations.
Sonoran Studios helps me to take my mind off the technical aspect and allows me to focus on the overall creative of all that goes in to producing a stellar event.
The staff is friendly, professional and their execution is always flawless - the attention to detail is always appreciated.
As my company grows I am proud to partner with another company that continues to flourish in their field.

Growth Nation and AZIGG have worked with Sonoran Studios on several occasions and they have always been fast, reliable, professional, available and GREAT.
It means a lot not to have to worry about A/V - Sonoran has it handled.
Highly recommended!

These guys really get video & AV!
I've attended numerous events, annual galas and such where Sonoran handled the video and AV portions of the events; huge happenings with hundreds of attendees and Sonoran Studios hits the mark every time.
Most recently, as a member of the Board of Directors for Tempe Tourism, we were honored, engaged and amused by the amazing video Sonoran Studios produced for the Tempe Tourism Office's 2011 annual breakfast.
I've also hired Sonoran Studios for video production work for my clients.
Their studios are centrally located just off the I-10.
They had everything we needed for a half-day shoot and staffed the shoot appropriately.
They handled all of the post-production work and turned raw video into an amazing spot for my client, complete with music, graphic overlays and they really captured the essence of what we were trying to get across with the video.
The best part is that they get video for web.
Our produced piece was taken directly from them digitally, uploaded to YouTube & other video sites and embedded into the client site within minutes.
All in all, a great little shop with BIG talent, BIG ability and BIG scores on getting the job done right.

Sonoran Studios is versatile, professional, and innovative.
Even in an agricultural production setting, they sustain consistent quality and technical excellence.

Have used there services a few times for Non Profits, great customer service, the setup and tear down was very clean with no problems, would use there services again, and recommend them to anyone that needs services that they can provide for you.

I needed a mic system for a non profit event, so I went to Sonoran.
The customer service was absolutely wonderful!
The office manager gave me detailed directions to their office and even emailed me a picture of the front of the building!
I have to admit, I was a little intimidated about working the equipment since I'm not too techie.
When I picked  up the system, their staff showed me how to easily work the system and when I got to the event, everything ran smoothly!
Thanks, Sonoran for helping to make our event a success!

If you are searching in the Phoenix area for the best Phoenix Video and/or Phoenix AV Company, you must call Sonoran Studios.
We have used their services time and time again and they have always exceed our expectations.
Just give them a call and you will understand what I'm talking about.

I highly recommend this company for any AV production need your company or nonprofit may have.
They have worked with our nonprofit for large fundraising events as well as providing small items like a simple mic and sound system.
Their professionalism stands out.
They go above and beyond in their customer service and their equipment is top notch as well.
I will be using them again and suggesting others do so as well.

I was really impressed with Sonoran Studio's knowledge and helpfulness.
They helped make my event a success.
Beyond their kindness and know-how, it's so great to know you're working with great people.
They really care about the community and go out of their way to help.
Thank you guys.
Audra from Second Chance for Sophia: Reversing Rett Syndrome Fundraiser.

Worked with Sonoran studios on a professional profile video.
There are extremely professional, respectful of your time, and, most importantly, produce a great product.
They provided the video in several formats for use in a variety of outputs.
I would use them again for my professional video needs.

Sonoran Studios is the only choice for your AV needs.
I have used them both personally and professionally and have had nothing but outstanding outcomes.
Highly qualified, creative process, brilliant results...stop looking, Sonoran Studios is who you are searching for!

