This is the new location.
The old location was pretty cool and had a lot of stuff, lots and lots of scrapbook paper, that's for sure, along with many small "things.
"  I am not a scrapbooker but I think it would be a heavenly place for someone who is.
However, I do enjoy the paper arts and find myself in need of things like paper tags for gifts and packages.
I finally went into the new location and, at first, I was like, these people are kinda rude, as they did not come out of the back section to greet me or ask if I was looking for anything (which I was.
) but, I withheld judgement and I'm glad I did.
They just seem like real people and not phoney-bologneys.
They were totally willing to help, they just didn't pounce on me as I walked in, which is I guess what I'm used to.
Turns out they weren't making the little colorful tags I used to buy to tie onto things and I was bummed out for a second...
BUT, even better, they let me choose my own papers and then use their die-cutter to cut any size and shape tag I wanted!
It was perfect because it was way cheaper this way and I wanted a lot of them.
Plus, with the neato papers I picked out, they were totally original and I love them.
So I got to be more creative than I was even expecting to be!
They seem to have a lot of different dies to choose from, for multi-purpose uses.
and you can work on your project all day long in their project room at the back.
Also I must mention the decór of the new place...very vintage with antique frames, typewriters, cameras, etc.
I am a pushover for anything like that so I was into it.
While Jo-ann's or Michael's may have a lot of Scrapbook paper, this place has more, and more interesting selection and actual personality.
GO HERE!

So I've been here a few times.
This trip I was looking for inspiration.
When I told the older lady that I was just here to get ideas for my project she said "oh" and made a face.
I brushed it off cause I was on a mission.
Aisles of paper but hardly any embellishments or samples.
Almost nothing but flat stickers.
BIG but nothing special.
Service... Rude.
Selection... Boring especially compared to Scrapbook Kyandyland.

The lady with curly dark hair, short, I think is the owner is soo rude.
I was treated so bad when something rang up wrong and I went in for a refund.
Your better off just going somewhere else.

As a long time scrapbooker, I have a huge stash of supplies so I don't need to supply shop regularly.
But, every time  come here everyone is friendly (without being annoying, they let you browse) the prices are right and they have a huge selection.
I am usually looking for something specific when I go and I always find it (and more).
If you are a scrapbooker, papercrafter or looking for any craft item, go!
You won't be disappointed.

Came in as an out of towner.
Really cute.
Love that they didn't hound me.
Cute kits.
Bought a few.
Wish they had more G45.

Love this scrapping store.
Their supplies stand out and are different from the every day corporate craft store supplies.
Nice friendly staff and they are not pushy.
Just wish they were closer to Henderson rather than the airport area.

