Quaint little place with low prices for lunch or dinner!
The menu has 47ish food items plus they have smoothies with boba and Thai tea.
I ordered the Tom yum goong, chicken pad see ew, and beef pad prik king.
4 levels of spice: mild, medium, spicy, and very spicy.
I got spicy soup for me and for Eric R. and I, mild dishes.
The soup was not "filtered" so I got stuck with big hunks of ginger, cilantro, garlic, lemongrass, etc that I normally strain when making Thai soup.
The mushrooms were plentiful and so was the shrimp - broth tasted good.
The pad see euw and pad prik king were good, and I got an EXTRA side of white rice without asking.
The Thai tea was a big size and very delicious.
Next time, I am thinking one of the salads and one of the curries.
The staff recommended the beef and meatball noodle soup too.
Mmm!

I haven't actually eaten in here, I've gotten take out twice now since its right next to the gym I go to.
The first time I got Tom Yum soup with chicken, papaya salad and chili mint noodles.
I ordered all three with max spice level and I have to say, its definitely not spicy enough for me.
But, the soup had great flavor and plenty of chicken and veggies.
The chili mint noodles were also very tasty but the noodles were a little overcooked so were a little broken.
The papaya salad, there was really no seasoning so it's a SKIP... Second trip, I ordered the tofu soup with no meat so they gave me extra tofu.
I also ordered bbq pork fried rice and chicken pad see ew.
This time it was MUCH better.
The tofu soup was SO good, nice flavor and plenty of veggies, tofu and bean thread noodle, not too salty either like the tom yum was.
The pad see ew was perfectly cooked, fresh broccoli and a faint sweetness to it.
The fried rice was not to my liking only cause I know I can make better fried rice...there was hardly any bbq pork or egg and was a tad oily.
Overall, I would return, cause its convenient AND the prices can't be beat.
Most prices are under $10 and some a bargain like my tofu soup for about $6.

Super nom curry.
I love this place!

The best Thai food in Green Valley!
You will not be disappointed.
The prices cannot be beat and the food is delicious (about $5.95 per item).
On many occasions I have ordered: Chicken Pad Thai, Chicken Panang, Thai Chili mint w/Beef, Papaya salad, Tom Yum soup.
They are all delicious.
My friend from Thailand approves herself.
Just keep in mind that they're closed on Sundays.
They are located right next to the CitiBank.

Excellent food, and everything freshly made when you order it!
I haven't had a bad meal yet.
I eat here like once a week.
Not fancy, but they are new and just starting out.
Clean and yummy.
Can you ask for more?

I was so hopeful for this place.
With two Thai restaurants a block away from me, I felt like the luckiest girl in the world.
I went here the other day to get pad thai and chili mint noodles.
The price is right but the food was terrible.
The chili mint noodles were way overcooked and everything just turned into a big pile of mush.
The pad thai didnt have much flavor.
I ate half and tossed the other half, which is unheard of for me.

its good if you live around here..they deliver

I am reading some of the other reviews....not so much.
We had the Green Curry Thai with shrimp, medium spice.
The flavors were ok, albeit a bit too hot for my other half.
The pot stickers, at 1.00 each....not close to being worth it.
I will probably not be going back....I am sure there are other Thai places in the Vegas area worth my while.

Great food and awesome customer service!
Its always a plus when the owner is on site and prepares the complete meal for you.

Super friendly staff.
We got the green and yellow curry along with the lunch portion pad thai and family styled it by trying a little of everything ordered.
Amazing, quaint & fast!
Absolutely love curry!
We asked for extra rice and they provided it free to charge.

Hubby got cashew chicken and wanted to take a bath in the sauce it was so good.
The potstickers are to die for and so are the eggrolls.
YUM!

The friendliness of the staff is still shocking.
The owners came out to talk to me, and  shook my hand.
They wanted to know my name so they could remember me and that I should always call ahead or opt for delivery.
My food was great!
The Beef Salad, the beef/meatball soup had the most warming and frankly, loving broth.
The stick rice portion for the price was definitely on the small side.
I was a bit disappointed with that.
:o(  I can't wait to return.
This was a wonderful discovery!

The Duck Soup...Oh my god...the duck soup...is SO GOOD!
The Duck in the duck soup is squishy AND crunchy at the same time- and sweet tasting.
The veggies are the perfect match to the other elements in this soup.
I had the broth spiced at '2' out of 10.
The owner and workers are very social, so if you're looking for a nice atmosphere with nice hosts, this is the restaurant to come to!

I really like this place for several factors!!
Food is great - we always get Ka Pow Gai (basil minced chicken) and it is spot on.
Their chilis live up to the name, when you ask for them on the side, they are crazy hot.
Love it!!
Pork red curry is great too.
Service is real and great!
Friendly like it should be.
ESP for thai =)  3.
Love how casual this place is.
This isn't dressed up fancy like other thai restaurants, it is more of a "to-go" place & decor, but don't let that detract you.
I love eating in here and feeling unpretentious.
They serve crazy thai energy drinks here in mini glass bottles!
Never seen that elsewhere.

I didn't expect to find great Thai food in a strip mall in Henderson, but Thai Chili has the best Lad Nah I've ever had.
The staff is incredibly friendly as well, I'll be back!

Best service i ever seen.
I have a warm welcome everytime i came to this place.
You should try the fry rice with pineapple or number 1 in fry rice list ( i forgot the name) I always come this place when i go to lasve gas

Worst experience ever!
I didn't like the pad Thai.
Asked if I could please order something else.
Was told that I could order something else, but had to pay for the meal I did not eat.
Then the owner came out and told me that she didn't want to make me something else because I might "not like that either".
She said I must just not know what pad Thai is supposed to taste like because she makes it right and will not make me anything else.
Very very rude!

This place is small, but has plenty of good options available.
For starters, the pot stickers and egg rolls are both tasty choices.
The egg rolls are fried perfectly and are served with a delicious dipping sauce.
The basil chicken was really good  and was prepared with onions, peppers, and chile .However, the dish that stood out the most to me was their version of cashew chicken (the sauce is so good).
We had a chance to talk with the owner (Ooy) during lunch.
She was really nice, and explained that her restaurant does not use MSG.
The restaurant also serves smoothies, but we were too full to try them.
The food is authentic and is prepared quickly.
Go there for lunch and support this local business........

So we were trying to decide between a variety of possible lunch spots.
A lot of our normal ones had been visited too recently or often, but somebody suggested to go for the non-usual Thai and specifically directed us here.
Not a bad choice.
We sat down at first, then we decided to order to-go in the interest of saving time.
I had my eye on the $7.95 lunch special and settled on a beef pad thai.
It came with a side salad (fresh), soup with rice and veggies (decent, not salty or bland), ice cream (well... no, it didn't for to-go, wtf?
) and two potstickers (good).
While I haven't ordered the regular option for comparison purposes, the portion that I got looked like a full meal, not reduced for lunch.
Besides the lack of ice cream, my only real issue was that the fork tines were a little too small to make good work of the noodles, so it was a little difficult to eat.
The beef was a little chewy, but not too bad, and there was actually more meat that I anticipated, so I wound up eating a lot of beef and rationing noodles toward the end.
Regardless, I'd definitely consider this place again for a quick local Thai fix.

Tried the Pad Thai here (Which i have had many places, including the Thai Budda Temple, and it is one of the BEST)!
Living in Las Vegas Service is usually decent but this place has probably has the BEST!
I highly recommend the Thai Chili to everyone.
:-)

This is the first place I ever walked out on... My girlfriend and I ordered a few things and noticed little fruit flies flying around...
I lost my appetite as soon as a couple landed on my food..
I showed our waiter (young gentlemen) the issue, and he knew exactly what was going on so he notified a manager..
The manager comes we show her the little fruit fly and tells my girlfriend "oh that's just garlic honey" are you kidding me??
When does garlic move??
Anyways this place is ridiculous I also ordered a boba drink and the boba was rock hard.
Also I feel bad for the young waiter who had to act like nothing was wrong because in sure the manager told him to act like it

Hands down the best Thai food in Vegas - their taste and use of spice (not heat, just spice) is masterful.
Pad kemao (drunken noodles) == amazing!!!
Basil Chicken = the best in vegas.
I get this everywhere I travel to Pad Prik King = The best thai beef dish I've ever had.
The best 8.00 for an entree I've ever spent in the USA.
AND!!!
Hands down the best lunch special in ALL of Vegas, not just Thai food!!!!!!!!!!
Salad Soup Two potstickers AND extremely delicious thai food BIG portions AND vanilla ice cream  7.95  Can you beat that?
Why I know this:  Aahaan aroy mak mak == I know how to say your thai food was extremely delicious...
In Thai Been to Thailand Sampled most Thai in Vegas and around the West Coast Love me some Thai Been to Lotus like 50x since before Yelp existed =)

My husband and I come here to get our Fix when we are craving Thai Food.
The customer service is excellent and the food is always ready for us within 15 minutes if we are ordering it to go.
We just had some take out tonight and we were not disappointed.
Delicious Shrimp Pad Thai, Papaya Salad, and Chicken Larb.
The Thai Tea is delicious as well.

Service us slow and the food is inventive.
I had chicken salad and it was boiled chicken with ice berg lettuce.
For what I got I thought it was very over priced.
Stay away, this place needs to close

Requires further investigation.
I'm willing to give the place the benefit of the doubt that I walked in at the same time as about 5 other tables and it seems to be a two person operation.
The place was slammed so that we didn't get the ice cream of the $7.99 lunch special and my smoothie arrived midway through the meal.
It was good enough, but I expect a 5/10 to be at least somewhat spicy, and this was not at all heated.
Not bad, but not great either.

Pad Prik King is outstanding.... Minan always gets the Thai Chili Basil, and loves it!

This is a small little place, but the food is so good.
I went with a few friends and I did not expect it to taste so good.
The food was served hot, it tasted fresh and I was full when we were done.
They had a nice sized menu to choose from as  well.
They actually wait on you here as well.
I had the Orange chicken and it was  lunch special  around $7.99.
I recommend this to anyone!

I don't think this place is anything special or memorable.
The service was extremely slow, but the server was friendly.
Their lunch menu was not very extensive and we were never offered the dessert portion specified under the lunch menu.
I had drunken noodles with chicken, and although the portion was adequate, the spiceness level was nowhere near what was requested.
The chicken as I expect was pretty dry and the noodles were pretty oily.
They would benefit from hiring another server and another  person in the back of the kitchen because the wait was a tad ridiculous.
I don't see myself going back here, especially with so many other options for Thai food nearby.

I have been a frequent diner of this hidden gem since it opened over three years ago.
There's not a single item on the menu that has disappointed me.
The owner, Oii, works very hard to ensure that her customers are taken care of and leave satisfied.
Her food is reminiscent of a home cooked authentic Thai meal, not the commercialized variation that most places here in town have.
If you want a real "taste" of Thai, visit Oii.
I promise you won't be disappointed.
If I could leave more than five stars on this review, I would.

Great little place by Galaxy Theatre.
Makes for a low key date night.
Yummy pad Thai and pad se-ew.

I had a great experience.
The staff was friendly.
Even though my two friends shared a lunch entree, they each received an individual salad, egg roll, and ice cream that comes with the lunch entree.
The food was delicious.
I had the pad kemao.

I really love the food here and the owner is from Thailand which makes a big difference when it comes to authentic Thai food !!
I've never eaten anything here I didn't like and they are always very friendly  As a matter a fact I think I may have to get some for dinner tonight !!
Over and out

I really LOVE this place!
Not only is the food good but the service is outstanding!
The owner goes out of his way to make sure that the food is fresh, hot and tasty.
He also goes out of his way to make you comfortable and has really tasty suggestions.

Thai Chili has become my go-to restaurant since I moved to Henderson.
I discovered it one day, and I am glad I decided to eat here.
There is one woman who works there, and she always says hi.
She remembers my family when they were in town and always inquires about them and ask how they are doing.
The place is homey and the food tastes likewise - but, that's a good thing!
The woman cooks the food herself, and she cooks recipes and in a style that her mother taught her.
It's a refreshing taste compared to other Thai restaurants.
You can't beat the price as well.

Slow, no refills and sticky rice was so hard I gave it back and he told me that's how it is and returned it to me, if I didn't like it then why the hell would you give it back?

Really like this place.
I have a hard time passing by without stopping for Chicken Pad Thai.
The lunch special is the real deal.
Just found out they have free delivery now I am in real trouble.
Just have to be careful as the 1-10 hot scale is inconsistent.

Food is authentic and delicious.
Let the Thai owners make the food as spicy as they eat it, and you won't be disappointed.
We had green papaya salad; instead of the usual dried shrimp, they used big prawns, which was delicious.
The green chili with beef came with a complimentary huge bowl of rice, enough for the three of us.
The Tom Yong Gong with shrimp was as good as in Thailand, with galangal and lemongrass.
Service is very friendly.
We will be going back for dinner again tomorrow too!

Looking for a decent Thai spot in the Henderson area.
Saw this place and read some reviews, decided to give this place a try.
I seated myself to a clean and stocked (condiments) booth.
Was greeted in a timely manner and handed a paper menu.
Options were pretty limited to most common Thai dishes.
Ordered the Panang Curry w/ Chicken with medium heat.
It came with a plate of steam white rice.
And a Thai ice tea.
The curry, to my astonishment was pretty good.
You can taste the hints of basil and bamboo, as you should with this kind of curry.
Definitely made fresh to order since it took some time (about 15-20 min) to get my order.
Their tea was as to be expected from a Thai iced tea.
Service was adequate and on parr.
The waitress was very kind and non aggressive (which is always preferred esp during the holidays, it's understandable, no one wants to be at work).
The place was clean.
No restroom visit.

Came in to see what it was.
It is a very small and clean restaurant.
The cashier/ owner was very nice.
The food is super solid, and very well priced.
I enjoyed the iced coffee.
If i want a fast lunch I would go back.
There are a lot of Thai places in Henderson and THai Chili is one of the better faster quick serve places.

Service was wonderful.
Curry was good but a little too watery for my liking.
But still good.
Definitely a hole in the wall that I would recommend to others.

Hands down the best Thai food in town.
I've been to so many other spots but the flavor, quantity and quality can't be beat!!
I frequent this place with coworkers and friends about 3-4 times a week and have never had a bad experience... Come check it out for yourself!!
It can be a little tricky to find but it's located in the Albertsons shopping center on the NW corner of Sunset and Green Valley..

I come here multiple times a week for lunch.
It is one of the best, if not the best, Thai restaurants I have ever eaten at.
I particularly love their thick, flavorful curries.
Their noodle dishes such as Pad Kee Mao and Pad See Eww are not excessively oil-soaked or over-salted which seems all too common at other places.
Other dishes I really enjoy are the pad thai with shrimp, the chili basil with beef, and as a side dish the pineapple fried rice.
They always use crisp, fresh veggies.
The meat is always a good cut; never any fat.
For chicken dishes they use chicken breast only.
The prices are very reasonable and the service is great too.

My favorite Thai restaurant in the valley.
Personal service, great fresh food.
I love the red curry beef, the pad Thai, pad seeyu, all the soups, and the best orange chicken in the world.
They are very family friendly.
My kids are treated with respect and care.

Great Thai food.
The owner can not make us more welcome with their Thai hospitality.
We love everything there.
Practically ordered the whole menu.
Both pork and beef jerky were nice and crispy outside and soft inside.
The larb gai was delicious like how I remembered it in Thailand.
The chicken yellow curry was rich and creamy.
We'll be back again soon.
Thank you ka

Usually go to our usual Thai place, but decided to try something different and I'm glad we did!
The food is excellent and everything was very flavorful!
Well definitely be coming here again.
And they have complimentary dessert!

We've been looking for a cheap Thai place in Vegas and this is the first we've seen and it's really good!
Every other Thai place we've tried are pretty fancy-casual hence a higher price point.
Thai iced tea tastes great.
Eggrolls, not so much, you can pass on that.
Hubby got green beef curry with spice level four and it was perfect.
It wasnt green at all though but the soup was on point.
I got pad thai with shrimp.
Awesome as well.
We'll definitely drive all the way here again.

Solid chicken pad Thai and a good bang for your buck for the amount you get.
Sweet lunch special for like 7 bucks I think.
This is my go-to for quick Thai that is always solid.

Super casual little hole in the walk but good food at fair prices.
Great Thai tea!
Biggest issue for us was language barrier when ordering but we managed...

A small, somewhat hidden location, Thai Chili can be easily passed by, so be on the look-out.
Stopped in just once here for pickup.
Took home 2 Pad See ew and One Chili Noodle.
The food was ready pretty quick, and tasted good.
I would come here for a quick meal no problems.
They also have Boba Tea available.
I tried the Thai Tea Boba, and though nothing like a stand alone Boba Joint in regards to amazingness, it was a nice compliment to my meal.
If I worked close to Thai Chili, I can see myself coming here quite often for a quick lunch fix.

went to there with my friend.
Food was great.
Price is reasonable.
Staff is really kind.
Great service.
Will come back for sure.

Tasty authentic Thai!
They even have a really tasty Thai Beef Noodle Soup.
The scale of heat/spice is off at times.
I order a 5 (scale 1-10) and my lips felt burnt for a few hours.
I would recommend going lower on the scale and adding your own heat.

