My First YELP review!
I work by Yogi's and you know how it is trying to find something other then subway or cheese burger for lunch...so I noticed Yogi's opened right next to a failed Moronis hot dog shop by the Harkins theatre by work so I thought I'd try it.
I am a big fan of Teriyaki so I tried their Chicken, beware if you like veggies on your Teriyaki then you order the Veggie Teriyaki which I did not see when placing my order...I been back at least once a week for past month and I have introduced a couple of my co-workers to this joint as well as my wife and kids for dinner once.
simple, clean and friendly - if you smile they smile back...
If you plan on going frequently get their Rewards card, every 5 dollars you get a stamp and at 10 stamps you get 1 item from the menu.
Already redeemed 1 card about to fill my 2nd.
I like good sushi places like Sakana and the now closed Zen32 so I cant compare Yogis with those places but for a quick lunch roll or chicken bowl, you cant go wrong.

You know, I'm not that big on pretty strip malls.
I'm also not a fan of Americanized anything food.
I also think teriyaki is very rarely done well and certainly never done well in a pretty strip malled, Americanized Japanese restaurant.
That's why, my dear Yelp friends, I was extremely surprised (and that is why I've given this place 5 stars) because this place tremendously exceeded my expectations.
On my way home, via my mini, to visit the parents in Phoenix, I stopped to get gas and pick up something to eat.
Thought this would be an average place but decided on it because it would be more healthy than the restaurants around it.
I walked in and was immediately welcomed by smiling faces.
After 5+ hours alone in my car, it was quite nice to walk into a place with friendly faces.
I was surprised to see that they had a wide selection of Asian drinks and even candy/snacks like Hi-chew!
I scanned the menu and opted for shrimp tempura roll.
I must say, it was pretty darn delicious.
The shrimp tasted very fresh, as though they had just stripped the shrimp of its shell, battered and fried it as I ordered it.
They also gave me a sample of one of their best selling beef teriyaki, and that's when it really hit home that this place really cares about the quality of their ingredients.
The beef was friggin' awesome.
Like mouthwateringly you-don't-get-this-quality-beef-in-strip-malls good.
High quality ingredients really makes all the difference   ---- P.S.
Extra props for being right next to Yogurtland.

This is a one stop shop for your quick Asian food fix.
Yakisoba, Teriyaki, Sushi...this place has a pretty big menu.
After going here a couple of times, I could do without their sushi.
They charge about the same as your average sushi bar, but you get something that's not satisfying (very bland).
Unless I'm desperate and looking for tempura smothered in eel sauce I won't be trying their rolls again.
For the $8 or so you'd spend on that, just get a teriyaki bowl instead.
Or some of the other options.
Also, there's a small assortment of Japanese snacks and drinks you'd find at the front of an Asian market (pocky, calpico, etc.
)  For being something that is relatively different in such a bland neck of the woods, I'll be generous and give this place 3 stars.
I'll be back whenever I'm catching a movie in the plaza, and hoping this place is better than what I can find in many mall food courts.

When I first saw the place I didn't think highly of it because it didn't look like they would have good sushi so I ended up ordering their crunchy roll.
It was surprisingly good and cheaper than our usual strip-mall-sushi-restaurants in L.A.
I also stole some of my friends' beef teriyaki and it was delish!

Great sushi!
All of the food was amazing in taste and freshness.
I will definitely be back!
I really don't get why, even if you dine in, all of the food is served in styrofoam to-go dishes.
Very wasteful and tacky for dine-in eating.
I would have rate them 5 stars if this wasn't the case.

It was just "OK".
In a strip mall.
I think it caters to the younger, movie-going crowd.
The food was bland.
I had to wait over 10 minutes for salmon teryaki.
I did not like the fact everything was served in styrofoam everything.
I will not go back.

Found this place on Yelp while I was in Arizona for Dodgers' spring training.
This place wasn't what I expected from the outside.
Yogi's is more of a fast food sushi place where you walk up to a register to order, which wasn't a problem at all.
The crunchy California roll was awesome and so was the chicken teriyaki bowl.
It was a little on the pricey side for a fast food kind of place, but the food was good.

Great place, I love that they have a veggie bowl option.
Make sure when you order it though you specify that you want sauce on it otherwise it just comes out with veggies and rice.
Service is always quick and friendly and the price is great.

Food is so good, price is awesome, but the service and wait time is ridic.
We ordered two reg size teriyaki bowls, one large and a california roll and it took 30 mins!
The girl working the front was bullsh*&ing on the phone while food was waiting in the window.
The person who ordered after us was served before because he said he couldn't wait any longer.
Also, I had to repeat my order to the girl at the front 3 times cuz it was way too intense for her to ring up apparently.

Food is always great and fresh.
Owner is friendly.
Byfar the best teriyake in arizona.
and their fried rice is great.
The prices is just right its not over the top.
and its worth the money.
The location is also great im a movie goer and this completes the movie dinner date !

This place use to be amazing the management must have gone to shit, the food is great but the service sucks now, the  cashiers don't know what they are doing  , when I first started coming here the young cashier girl new me as a regular and I use I tip her well now they have people who are rude the last time i came they messed up my order 3 times the only reason they are getting one star is because the quality of the food is still the same I hope the staff perks up  because next time I won't be so nice in person and start being rude back !!

Finally found a place that understands you need to charbroil Teriyaki Chicken and not just heat it on a cook top.
Had the Chicken Teriyaki Veggie Bowl and some Gyoza and both were very good.
Got the "spicy teriyaki" and it is just regular teriyaki with some seribachi hot sauce dribbled over it.
Regardless, was still tasty and I would get it again.

Okay in a pinch.
My wife and I stopped in here before catching a movie.
It's a fast-food quasi-Japanese place.
On the positive, the food seemed fresh, food came quickly, and things are kept tidy.
The negatives: The staff was Silent Bob-ish, the smell of bleach overpowered the food to a degree, and their teriyaki is more sugary that it should be.
I could barely taste anything else.
They committed sushi sin in that the rice was stale/dry.
The price was high for this kind of food, as well.

i absolutely love this place.
Its the first place I tried sushi and I got hooked on their food.
my favorite is the crunch roll and the chicken bowl and their really great with special requests:)

Went back here for lunch yesterday and didn't enjoy the meal nearly as much.
Ordered a large veggie chicken bowl, California roll and a small fountain drink and it was $16 which is outrageous for a fast food.
I can get chicken, California roll, gyoza, salad and soup and drink for $11 at a local sit down Japanese restaurant.
None of the food was enjoyable this time and I couldn't eat the California rolls as they were warm and didn't taste right.
I only ate two and threw the rest away and my stomach was queasy the rest of the day which I'm assuming was from the roll.
I enjoyed this place the first time I went but this time I didn't enjoy any of it.

Went there today because I wanted to try something new.
The girl working the register looked like she checked out completely.
I've worked food/clerk jobs and I get that it's about as much fun and being attacked by toddlers wielding coat hangers, but try and at least pretend you're being a professional.
The food was about as boring as you can get, which when you're talking about a teriyaki bowl, is saying something.
The sushi (crunch roll) looked and tasted like it was made entirely from canned/jarred ingredients.
Everything was bland and easily forgotten.
The one saving grace is that it's relatively cheap.
Unfortunately, it tastes that way too.
Needless to say, I won't be going back and would have been better served going to a fast food place.

Went there for lunch today, it's in the strip mall that I happen to own a business.
Let me first say I do go to Kona grill a great deal and they are divine.
This place well the owner walked out from behind the door and there was no smile, no happy to greet you attitude.
Customer service is everything.
I ordered one of their bowls, it was OK but for the price I was disappointed.
The shop, and the two different decorations, one wooden and the other glass table tops, it appears cheap.
They are OK but a great deal more expensive than I was expecting.
I'll stick with my Kona grill who really knows how to do a Caterpillar roll.

Not the best nor the worst.

Ate here for the first time and being new convert to sushi I was cautious.
I must say this place was great for a quick and reasonably priced sushi place.
Not the most friendly counter staff but overall I was pleased.

The sushi is great.
Everytime I go the staff is friendly and very helpful.
Downside the price is a little high.

I will only have their teriyaki bowls nothing else is really worth it.
If you want Sushi go to a sushi restaurant not here.

I ordered the Philadelphia roll.
It was 8 pieces and very fresh.
Pricing was good so at $9.99.
It's a bit dark, but not uncomfortable.
There was a bball game on the tv, which a bit of background noise, although the place was quiet.
The counter worker/order taker was friendly and smiled the whole time.
It's tasty and fresh!
I'd come again, especially since it took them about 5 minutes to make 2 orders.

Let me start of by saying that yogis grill got me to like sushi but this was at their chandler location.
I recently moved so I saw that I had a yogis grill close by so my girlfriend and I went tonight and was so disappointed.
Customer service is everything and the girls working the register did not know how to treat a customer if it hit them in the face.
One of them was so rude that she even did an eye roll to my girl.
We got 2 rolls.
1 Vegas roll and 1 crunch roll.
The Vegas roll was okay but it was burnt and it only had 6 pieces instead of 8 like the chandler location.
The crunch roll was also okay but nothing special.
For the prices I'm paying at this location I would expect they would know how to make a damn roll right but I guess not.
Never will come back here again and I'm currently looking for another place near by that will give me a quality roll like yogis grill once did.
Don't make the same mistake I did.

Really good food!
Teriyaki chicken bowl, shrimp tempura udon soup, tempura California roll, are some of my favorites!

I absolutely LOVE IT!
The Philly roll with cream cheese and the Hawaiian roll are my jam!
I about tried everything on the menu!
Plus the staff are very friendly and helpful.
They know exactly what everything is and give you good suggestions!
If you want some quality sushi that's fast and amazing then go here..
It's a little high in price but it's worth it.

