Wow!
This newly opened little food shop in the Mekong Plaza is fantastic.
Very authentic Hue Food.
Although I'm not a Vietnamese, I have been to Hue in Vietnam and had their famous Bun Bo Hue.
Must say that this store was very close to the authentic Bun Bo Hue.
The pork hock and the other meat used was very tender, the noodle was perfect.
The broth is lightly flavored so that you can use the Shrimp Paste for those who like it a bit more salty.
The veggie was very generous.
The Banh Beo was another neat Hue snack.
It's a very thin rice cake snack which is steamed.
You dip it in Fish Sauce.
It was very nice and moist.
Their menu is pretty limited as they only have about 6-7 items, but they are definitely featuring the best of hue to serve.
Very impressed to see.
There was a good crowd too, so lot's of people have been dying for some nice Hue food.
Only thing to note is they were a bit disorganized the opening weekend as their register was not even working, and the service was a bit slow.
I'm sure after a few weeks, this place will be running smoothly.

I wouldn't consider this gourmet, but then again when I went to Hue in Vietnam I didn't have any gourmet style food.
Maybe I don't know what I'm talking about.
I can appreciate the authenticity of their food here.
Though I can't say I'm a big fan.
The taste just doesn't hit me with enough bang!
The food was okay, but I must give them props for service.
I enjoy trying to speak Vietnamese and the server trying to teach and encourage me to speak...haha.
Yes, I'm still learning ..... Having it right inside Mekong Plaza is a big plus for this restaurant.
I just wouldn't know how it would do elsewhere.
- enjoy!

An unpretentious little restaurant in the Mekong Plazza food court.
The price is right (low) and the quality is high, mom's and grandmom's recipes!
They now accept credit cards.
The owner of this new (3+ months) restaurant is a charming young lady named Lan from Hue City, Vietnam, with a degree in Chemical Engineering and a life long desire to own a restaurant.
"This is my baby" she proclaimed proudly.
She is still upgrading and adding to her menu, using the freshest ingredients she can find.
There are 6 people in the kitchen, none of whom speak much if any English.
She serves the tastiest and best (I call it Pho) Pho I have ever eaten.
Called Bun Bo Hue and served as spicy as you would like.
The broth is rich with a depth of flavor rarely seen in restaurant soups.
It's addictive, filled with slices of chicken and beef and rice noodles, served with a side dish of shredded red cabbage and 2 different kind of green leaves, bean sprouts and a fish type of paste to mix in for added kick.
I have never had spring rolls as tasty and as well seasoned  with green onion oil and crunchy crushed peanuts, fresh shrimp, ground pork and several other items that created a symphony of flavors and textures.
My son-in-law likes this place so much that he eats lunch there three or four times a week and claims it to have the greatest Vietnamese food in town!
My wife and I have to agree.
Lan is happy to chat with you and suggest some of the dishes she thinks you might enjoy.

Fresh, flavorful, cheap, and made quick.
While the menu is limited here, this allows them to specialize more in those certain items, and as a result the dishes are excellent.
The food here are a bit more esoteric than those you might find at other Vietnamese restaurants.
For instance, the dish I had was something I had never even seen on a Vietnamese menu in the US, and um... sorry I don't remember the Vietnamese name of what it's called, but it was labeled as Clam Rice.
It had a veggie component and a rice component with meat and nuts.
When it came out to our table, the presentation was beautiful due to the combination of colors and textures.
The entree was excellent and was the right mix of crunchy, sweet, salty, tangy, hot, and cold.
They packed a lot of flavor in that seemingly simple dish, and I will definitely be coming back here to try more of their entrees!

I adore this little food-to-go/eat at your leisure spot!
I've been on a wild goose hunt for great Hue food and I finally found it!
Being from San Diego, I loved eating at the infamous Hoai Hue, however it has failed me twice after moving to its new location.
On a happier note, Hue Gourmet's menus is authentic and so is the taste of bun mang vit, bun bo hue, nem heo, and banh beo.
That is all I've tried so far, however I'm sure the rest of the menu won't disappoint me!

The Bun Bo Hue was okay.
This is a food court area.
Do not expect much for atmosphere.

Although this Vietnamese dining spot is in a food court - in Mekong Plaza -  the quality of the food is excellent.
The ingredients are really fresh and the dishes are well prepared and delicious.
For the same (low) price you would pay in other Vietnamese dining establishments, the food you get is of higher quality.
There's also a rather wide variety of dishes to choose from, considering that it's in a food court setting.
The owner is very friendly and I appreciate her help in understanding what the unfamiliar dishes are.
I would have given this five stars if it were in a full restaurant setting rather than in a food court atmosphere with a shared seating area.

One word: Authentic!
I love Hue food and this place pretty much has it all.
I tried their bánh bèo chén, bánh kht and bún bò.
The bún bò would be perfect if there were some rau kinh gii to eat with.
I thought the bánh bèo was very good and so was the bánh kht.
They also make fresh Pate Chaud and bánh giò!
Can't wait to come back to try the rest on the menu.

Another very good place in the food court.
Authentic and inexpensive,  though the broth isn't 5 star.
There are a lot of really good Asian restaurants around here.
It's almost like being back in California!
Note that they are closed Wednesdays.

This restaurant is located inside of the Mekong Plaza.
This is an authentic vietnamese place that specializes in middle vietnam cuisine.
I come here for their speciality and this place is consistently delicious.
Try the BUN BO HUE (spicy red soup) and you can tell them how spicy you like it.
It can get pretty intense so plan accordingly - mild spice.
They take cash or credit so no worries about not having cash in hand.
You would not expect that this place to be a "restaurant" since it's looks like a mall food court.
I still leave a tip on the table since food and drinks are technically served to me.
I love me some pho noodle soups, but when it comes to bun bo hue - do not go anywhere else but here!

This place was authentic according to my wife who's mom us from Hue.
She said it was the best bun no hue she's had so far in Phoenix.
I had the bun rieu, and it was good, but have had better.
The egg rolls were a little disappointing, but not bad.
I loved the feel of the place; out in the open in the middle of the market place.
Our second trip here - not as good.
Seems there broth recipe is inconsistent (referring to the Bun Bo Hue).
Was still ok, can't go wrong with the price.

As close to Califorrnia's Hue restaurants as I am going to get in Phoenix.
Though it's really on a different scale all together, I still enjoy Hue Gourmet.
They've really improved since they've opened.
I'm glad their business has picked up.
They offer a wide menu for a little food court joint.
I particularly like their Banh Loc and their take on Mi Quang.
Their other soups are good but on some days can be too sweet for my taste (Bun Bo Hue).
I want to try their Duck Noodle Soup next.
It seems to be a crowd favorite.

This is the best Hue' restaurant that I love so far.
I ordered the grilled pork and rice vermicelli this time.
They are fresh and well cook.
Highly recommended for anyone want to try Vietnamese authentic food.
I am loving it!

Pretty good for viet food in Phoenix.
I've only had BBH (please don't call it pho...completely different flavor profiles with different origins, different spices, different stocks, different noodles, different herbs, etc.
ok done with mini rant) but will be back to try some other dishes.
Flies in the dining area though so get ready to swat, especially if hot outside.

Got even better, and now it is my #1 favorite Viet restaurant in AZ.
The variety has expanded too, but my favorite is the $5 "today's special", which always seems to be the same.
No msg.

I really love Vietnamese Food and this little restaurant is easily a favorite of mine.
Cuisine from the Hue region of Vietnam is a little different than your typical soup places.
No Pho here ... so get ready.
The owner is really cool and extremely helpful.
It was fun on my first visit.
She wanted to make sure I understood this type of cuisine and how it should be eaten.
They take great effort to make sure the food is packed full of flavor and beautifully presented at the same time.
Nice!
So far I have tried several of the soups and a good sampling of their tasty bite sized appetizers.
Bun Bo Hue - Spicy Beef SOUP is a good place to start.
The Crab and Shrimp versions are also excellent as well as the Duck.
They have some really good specials during the week that will fill you up cheap.
Just ask her and she will tell you what is good.
Located in the Mekong Plaza Food Court.
The eating area here is pretty basic with a dozen or so community tables and chairs.
Just kick back and enjoy yourself and pretend you are on a vacation adventure.
It usually works for me.
DID I HEAR SOUP?
4.75 STARS

OK - *six* stars now!
I've only recently become aware of the harmfulness of MSG, and this place does not use it, and that is very rare in a Vietnamese restaurant.
Does anyone know of any other Viet rest's in the state that don't?
If so, please pm me and tell me.
Asian Cafe Express, Chinese - but they branch out into other cuisines as well -across the street, also does not use MSG.

I love the Bun Bo Hue made from this restaurant.
So far, it is one of the most authentic Vietnamese Spicy Soup (a.k.a Bun Bo Hue) that I have tried in Phoenix, AZ.
They have pretty much most of the stuff that a Bun Bo Hue's  supposed to have.
When you get a bowl of this soup, you've gotta get Cha Thoi as well, which is only like $1 per piece.
Trust me...
It's well worth it to eat with the soup!
Prices here are super reasonable, if not cheap compared to other places.
Occassionally, they'd have Bun Rieu on special on the weekends for $5 as well!

This place literally hooks me up.
I cannot stop coming back every week to eat their bun rieu and bun bo hue.
Their Bun Rieu is the best in phoenix so far.
Very tasty broth.
No other restaurant is even close to their level.
Very affordable too!
5 dollar only!

This place has really good bunbohue.
It tastes about the same with what I used to have in Vietnam.
I will definitely come back here with my family!!

I usually come here for BBH (bun bo hue).
It's not that bad.
There's usually a young guy that works the front.
Today there was a little girl and some older ladies working.
Service today wasn't bad, it was terrible.
She charged extra for everything.
I understand extra noodle would be an extra charge but with extra noodles they skimp me on the meat.
We asked for more lime = $.50, extra shrimp paste = $.50, she didn't even want to give it to us.
Only one pork grind per chen of banh beo.
The soup was not spicy today.
I was gonna ask for chili but she'll probably charge me another $.50 lol We will no longer come back here.
Horrible service especially on Chinese New Year.
If you come here, just remember condiments are not free.
Smh Btw, there was a guy that came up while we were ordering and asked for a to-go box.
She didn't want to give it to him.
She asked him why he wants it.

Not Vietnamese, Not even Asian, but this place was really good to my inexperienced tongue.
Affordable, plenty of menu options, and friendly service.

So when this place first opened it was pretty good, but now the quality and service has gone downhill and I will not be returning.
I love Hue food and refuse to eat mediocre Hue food or support a business that do not value their customers enough to keep the quality the same or try to improve their quality.

My favorite is the 201 it has good meat in it and if you want it pretty spicy just get one scoop of  Hot Chillys anything more than that it's unbearable

I started coming here when they had their grand opening.
I must say I've been back despite of the decreasing meat portion.
Their seasoning hasn't changed, but rather better.
Miss boss is nice, very accommodating.
I love bún vit and bún bò here minus their meat quality.

This place has great prices, great food, and unique menu items.
The staff is not great but the food makes up for it.
If you want real, authentic, non Americanized Vietnamese food, this is the place to go!
YUM!

This is my first experience with Vietnamese, so I have no idea how authentic it is, but it's definitely delicious!

Hue, the former imperial capital of the Nguyen Dynasty between 1802 and 1945, has it's own regional cuisine that sets it apart from other regional cuisines in Vietnam and we're lucky to have a place that serves such cuisine right in our own Mekong Plaza in Mesa.
I've been coming here at least every other weekend to try out a different dish.
So far my favorite items are Banh Khot, Bun Mang Vit, Mi Quang, and Bun Bo Hue.
They're open every day except Wednesday.
Service is decent - the only complaint I have is all the flies in the food court you have to keep swatting away from your food.
Prices are very cheap and you definitely get lots of value for your buck spent here.
Their menu is kinda splattered all over the walls and is a little hard to follow so I'm pasting it in here in true OCD fashion (minus the diacritic marks which won't get posted in Yelp until Vietnamese becomes one of the languages supported.

