I saw an online special for a $40 tune-up and decided my 8-year-old a/c unit could use it.
They scheduled an appointment for the next day via email, which is great if you're like me and not a phone person.
They did my tune up and recommended adding a pound of freon, which I took their advice on.
They were done in 20 minutes and I was very pleased that they didn't try to sell me any other services or repairs, knowing that my unit was nearly a decade old and had never been serviced before.
I will definitely call them again if I need maintenance.

On a HOT Sunday summer morning, I woke up to our AC blowing hot air.
Causing major discomfort and inconvenience we immediately reached out to AC Doctors.
They were able to give us a time slot for later in the day.
Other companies we called didn't call us back or were closed.
The serviceman who performed the job was friendly and quickly offered a company coupon to make the grand total for the job a little easier to manage.
He was friendly and took the time to explain the issue.
Even chatted with my roommates about other cooling tips.
I am impressed with their professionalism and even more excited we were able to start cooling down within the same day.

Doug and his guys at the A/C Doctors has made our life comfortable once again.
We have used them a few times, and it seem most times it is always in an "emergency".
One night late as we were ending a party we realized the A/C wasn't working.
It was 94 and rising in the house.
We called the A/C doctors and they came over within 30 minutes.
Turns out our A/C condenser hand frozen solid, like 2 inches of ice thick.
They defrosted it, put in additional freon (it was low) and got things working again.
The price was amazing for the service we received.
Another time we had water draining into our house.
This was from the A/C condensation pan.
Apparently they weren't installed well originally.
At first we thought it had been our in-house humidifier, turns out we were wrong.
They didn't recommend replacing anything, but did install a safety shut off in case water got to high again it would shut it all off.
Honest, On Time, Good Service, with a good price as well

