Hands down best cab service in Madison.
They're super fast and inexpensive especially for being so new.
I've used them several times already when I go out at night, and recommended them to a girlfriend going to the airport and she loved them too.
The people who answer the phone and the drivers that I have had were friendly and courteous.
I love that they use Priuses too to cut down on carbon emissions.

I looooove Green Cab.
They are the only cab company I use in Madison.
They take advance reservations (and are always on time -- or early!
), the drivers and dispatchers are friendly and efficient, the prices are ridiculously good (honestly, half as much from my house to the airport than any other cab I've taken), they've got iPad GPS systems in the car so they always know how to get where they're going (and the dispatcher can give you an incredibly accurate assessment of when the cab will be at your door) annnnnnd they use Priuses/shared rides to, you know, save the planet.

No longer shall Madison have to suffer the nightmares that are Madison Taxi, Union Cab, and Badger Cab!
When I called any of these companies, I was 100% guaranteed at least 2 out of these 3 problems:  -outrageous prices -drivers and dispatchers who are insufferable pricks -lateness or complete refusal to pick you up at a designated time  Green Cab has completely swept the market by providing a cab company that has ZERO of these issues.
I had so grown accustomed to this garbage service from living in Madison, that I never would have imagined that this bare minimum expectation is reasonable.
I know I, for one, will never use any cab service in Madison besides Green Cab ever again.
Way to step it up.
I hope you put them out of business.

Fast, friendly, reliable, reasonable.
AND they have bike racks!

We called 45 min ahead to arrange for a cab to meet our bus, which was coming from Chicago airport.
When we reached Memorial Union our cab was there, but had arranged for two other fares to share the Prius without our knowing about it -- so there was no room for us or our luggage.
I told the driver this and he rudely said, "well, you knew it was a small car".
I then called the dispatcher, who said, "part of being green is sharing rides" and that "this is our policy" -- I had to explain again that we hadn't been informed of their 'policy' and that due to their policy we were standing in the cold at 10 PM after 12 hours of travel.
I won't use them again.
(We've since learned that member-owned Union Cab provides better service AND has added hybrids to its fleet -- we use them now exclusively).

I've had a variety of experiences with Green Cab, ranging from average to terrible.
Tonight, a Friday night, I called a cab at 9:50pm to take me from one end of downtown to the other.
Yes, a decently busy time to call, but nothing out of the ordinary.
Although I'm willing to wait 15-25 minutes on a Friday night, I'm not willing to wait 50 minutes.
By that point, your energy is exhausted from the frustration of waiting.
In general, Green Cab kind of blows.
Yes, they have eco-friendly cars and sweet ipads, but that's really not what I want in a cab service.
I'd rather have a short wait time or a reliable estimate if it's a busy period.
With Green Cab, there's really no telling when they'll arrive.
I've also had trouble paying on several occasions.
Some of the drivers enjoying pulling the old "my machine is broken" when you try to pay with credit cards, while others claim not to have any change for your $20.
You're a cab driver.
Your only responsibility is to drive, accept credit cards, and be able to make change.
If you're missing 2 of those 3, you're doin' it wrong.
Also, if you're waiting for Green Cab and want to see where your cab is, forget it.
Rather than placing your call on a hold line, Green Cab routes calls to a busy signal, so you're SOL in terms of following up when it's busy.
Other than that, Green Cab is awesome.
All in all, I'd stick with Union Cab.
You *might* pay more, but it's worth it.
Plus, the drivers are way cooler.
One even had Cash Cab-style questions ready to ask me at 3am.
But maybe you're not into Cash Cab.
So then there's always Green Cab.

I used to use Green Cab all the time, since they opened.
No longer shall I do this.
I will never use their service again, because twice now I have had to wait for over an hour to have the cab even show up.
The first time I ended up taking a bus (and tried to call to cancel my cab, however could never ever get through).
I arrived at my destination BEFORE they even called me to tell me they were outside.
The second time, I had to cancel the cab because I missed my appointment and had no need for it any more.
When taking the bus is a quicker option, you no longer have need of a cab at all.
I spoke to a supervisor and he tried to blame it on the weather, the traffic, and various other things.
The weather is clear, and I can see the traffic from my apartment, which was also clear when I was speaking to him.
At no point did his apology even seem sincere.
The idea of Green Cab is wonderful, but honestly, they are the worst excuse for a cab company I have ever seen, and I will never ride in one of their cabs ever again.

I've used Green Cab numerous times since they opened for operation and the service is extremely inconsistent.
Sometimes it's a great experience, but more often then not the service is poor.
The dispatchers NEVER give you a time estimate when  you call so you have no idea when your cab will show up which I guess would be okay if they came within a reasonable time frame but they rarely do.
The drivers are pretty good but their are definitely some that don't know their way around Madison.
Until recently the credit card service was TERRIBLE.
Luckily, Green Cab has started encouraging their drivers using "the square" for credit card payment.
It is a lot more reliable than the RoamPay system they were using before - about 75% of the time I used Green Can before they started using the square I would have a credit card issue.
Overall, I think that Green Cab is riding a little too much on the fact that their fares are cheaper than their competitors.
They should really be focusing on the basics like having good drivers, consistent pick-up times and a reliable payment system.

So, I love the idea of shared cab... but why does a "shared ride" down 14 blocks of East Washington cost $6?
I assume that it has to do with paying for a fleet of Priuses and stocking each bad with an iPad (which are great for this type of work and the software seems top-notch, but the drivers seem to barely know how to use them).
That said, all my first cab experiences have been with Green Cab...
I just know that back in Portland $6 could have gotten me a direct ride for 2x as far.
Ok, so this is going to sound nit-picky and it IS...
But the Green Cab phone operators have this odd habit of asking "How can I help you?
" when you call, like you're going to order a pizza or something.
Then when you respond with "Uh, I need a ride for two people..." they always respond rudely with something like "Yeah, of course, FROM WHERE?
"  But here's what is not "nit-picky": the two drivers I've had have been the absolute WORST taxi drivers I've EVER had.
Not kidding.
The first driver had NO idea where she was going and couldn't seem to figure out where we were going on the iPad.
Then she finally started rolling after sitting in front of our house for 5 minutes, with a giant bottle of something clanking back and forth in the trunk at every jerking stop.
Perhaps she was a better driver without food in her hands (she did apologize for eating, and I wouldn't care if she could actually drive while doing so).
The second driver drove like a speed demon down narrow Atwood-area residential hoods.
Scary with no regard for peds or other traffic.
At one point he pulled a U-turn on Atwood, sped up and IMMEDIATELY took a right turn without signaling, almost plowing straight into a group of 10 or so people crossing at the crosswalk...
They yelled at him and he just muttered about drunk people on a Saturday, even though he was completely at fault.
Everyone in the cab just laughed nervously, as we were just hoping to get home safe, we had never considered the possibility of being witnesses to manslaughter.
I'm actually going to write to Green Cab about this driver, perhaps their advanced technology can identify this driver and fire his ass.
All that said, we got where we were going, in a timely fashion (notwithstanding the almost-deaths of a crowd of pedestrians).

Green Cab is, in my opinion, by far the best cab company in Madison.
Inexpensive (especially compared to other outrageously priced Madison cab companies like Union and Madison Taxi), green, clean, respectful, responsive, and generally an excellent experience.
I've taken Green Cab several times, mainly to and from the airport.
As one example, I live 2.1 miles from the airport, and the one-way fares are a usually: *Green Cab: $7 *Madison Taxi: $10-12 *Union Cab: $12-14  I don't mention Badger Cab because my handful of experiences were all very, very bad -- being crammed into the backseat of a very smelly "shared cab" with four people in the backseat (including me) as but one of them.
Madison's taxi fares have been absolutely outrageous for far too long and it's about time that someone came along who can do it better, faster, and cheaper.
Add in the green factor, the clean cabs, and trained and pleasant drivers, and great service, and I'm sold forever.
--A longtime Madisonian

OK, so I have been a Green Cab rider since the beginning, but now REFUSE to patronize them.
At first, it was all fun and games with Green Cab.
The novelty of riding in a hybrid wore off pretty quickly, and was completely meaningless on the day I needed their assistance the most.
My car had just been towed in Downtown Madison, and I was naturally rather distraught.
I called Green Cab, and requested a ride with multiple segments (obviously something very normal for cab companies).
I explained how I needed to go to the City-County Building, to the ATM, and then finally to pick up my vehicle from Schmidt's Towing on Beld St.
The operator obliged, but proceeded to be extremely disrespectful as he got more and more information about the reservation.
In a truly revolting tone, he proceeded to guilt-trip me by saying things like "I have other callers to help here" and "We don't normally RENT OUT our cabs for limousine service".
I was truly shocked at the blatant rudeness he showed to me.
After calling him out on his grave mistake, he refused to transfer me to a manager, and also refused to give me his name.
****Time and time again with Green Cab, we see the same consistent feedback.
Excellent drivers, with a spring in their step on one hand, but downright REVOLTING call dispatchers who show a tendency to abuse Green Cab's "act as an owner" culture by power/guilt tripping loyal customers.
If you can't handle ride requests that include a SMALL special request, such as a timed ride, or multi-segment ride, Green Cab may as well give that Prius fleet back to Bank of America and shut down immediately.

A good solid cab that covers the Madison proximity.
I used them 3 times during my 2 day visit, and all the drivers I had were courteous and friendly.
2 of my drivers were a little late for my prearranged appointments (10-15min - not outrageous or schedule-derailing), but they have a smaller fleet (around 60 cars) so it was entirely understandable.... and something one should keep in mind and schedule for in general (time buffers!!!).
Also bear in mind, that in the ride queue, riders may make side trips here and there for their own errands...like myself!
I stopped at multiple destinations from the original plan and lengthened my trip.
Cost was reasonable to me, and they do a zone to zone pricing.
Also accept credit card which is very convenient.
I would use them again definitely.

When we were in the process of moving into our new apartment in Madison, our car broke down.
We used another cab company first, but when we called them the next morning, it was going to be a five-eight minute wait to even talk to the dispatch.
We called Green Cab, talked to the dispatcher immediately, and didn't have to wait all that long for a ride.
We used the service several additional times until our car was fixed, and it was efficient and the drivers were all friendly (if a bit eccentric) and knew where they were going.
The only downside was the price, but since I'm not used to cabs in general, my opinion on that isn't as useful.

I am all for the Green Cab concept.
Somewhat more environmentally friendly cars, bike racks, etc....
However, my interactions with Green Cab have, for the most part, been pretty poor.
Several of the drivers are at best unprofessional with their inappropriate racial, religious and political comments.
The breaking point was last night when I called to request a cab and after two hours never got one.
I called originally at about 1:45am to go from one residence to another and was told a cab would arrive in under 35 minutes.
I called back after an hour to find out that they had a computer glitch and lost a half hour's worth of calls and was assured a cab would come get me in 20-30 minutes.
Another hour later I called again asking where my cab was.
The dispatcher said one had been there 20 minutes ago, called me, received no answer, then left.
I told the dispatcher that this was all quite impossible because I received no call and my friend and I were watching out the window the entire time.
The dispatcher said "well, they were there".
I then told the dispatcher I was going to call another cab company to which he responded "fine".
No apologies, no customer service.
From now on I'll be using Union Cab, who also has several Prius cabs in their fleet.

Greencab is awesome.
It's affordable and when I left my hat and gloves in the backseat, the driver tracked me down and delivered them!!

Scott #1 from Green Cab was by far the most friendly and professional cab driver I've had in Madison.
I'll continue to use Green Cab over any other cab company.
Thanks, Scott!

Green Cab's quality just isn't what it used to be.
Response times are usually very slow; what once used to be a 3-5 minute wait is now 15-30.
Cabbies and dispatchers  are disgruntled every now and then.
I don't even blame them; judging from the shift in quality and just talking with their drivers, I get the impression that Green Cab lacked the scalability to respond to an increased demand for their service.
Hence you've got overworked cabbies, a lack of reliable coverage, and, worst of all, noticeably higher fares.
Their dispatchers will basically tell you to fuck off if you try calling them at night on a weekend, and yet they somehow have the gall to get mad at you when a competitor's cab scoops up your fare.
If you don't like it, don't make Badger Cab feel like the faster & cheaper alternative.
That's setting the bar pretty low.
But since Green Cab entered the market a couple years ago, it seems like the competition has stepped up and everyone in Madison gets better cab service as a result.
So, for that, I'm pretty thankful.
None of the companies gouge the hell out of their prices anymore and it's so much easier to get a taxi these days.
Green Cab introduced the idea of having standards to Madison's taxi industry - try to keep it up.

Cheap.
Friendly drivers.
Typically fast response time.
Pretty, shiny, techy things (read: iPad navigation, square CC proccessing)  My only beef?
They're getting too popular so wait times and rates are slowly increasing.
Everyone should still give these guys a shot, they're the best cab in town.

Best cab service in Madison.
I made the mistake of using another cab service once and paid 2.5 times more then with Green Cab.
I will not do that again.

My friend put in a cab request for 2:30PM today.
We received a text from the driver at 3:54PM telling us that he was on his way to pick us up.
Luckily we had already started our drive to Milwaukee after we missed the Badger Bus because our driver didn't show up.
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that this is probably just a fluke - due to the freakish snowstorm yesterday and because it seems like Green Cab has pretty good reviews in general....but I think I'm going to avoid including cabs in my travel plans from now on.

Cheap, but inconsistent punctuality.
I called an hour in advance only to be an hour late to my appointment and this has happened twice already.
Only call if you want a cheap fare.

I am standing here in the snow!
1hr and 10 minutes: Waiting for a taxi on state street that I was told would be here in 20min.
I called 10 minutes ago and the receptionist said "oh shit...you just missed it.
" I have been in the same spot in the snow!
Who missed what?!
#serviceFAIL

I ordered a cab online the evening before I needed it to get me to the Badger Bus.
The cab never showed up.
When I called,  the dispatcher was rude and unhelpful.

Inconsistent as hell.
This winter, I would sometimes book a Green Cab ride home from work on Saturday and Sunday nights when the snow and ice were too much for biking.
Sometimes they were on time, and sometimes they would be 40 F****** MINUTES LATE!!!
Next winter, I will be biking more and using a different cab service.

Booked online with this company and called to confirm my pick up would in fact take me to where I needed to go as it appeared it was out of their "zones" and the person on the phone was very condescending and upon being treated like I was dumb I cancelled the future ride.
Will not even look into trying to use them again, I'll gladly pay more for a company that treats me with respect.

I've called Green Cab on a few occasions, all weeks apart at different times of the (week)day.
Each time the driver arrived at the quoted time, was friendly, quickly got me to where I needed to be, and the rates are so damn cheap.
Only downside is the hold times can be kind of long, but whatever.
The consistently unfriendly and unpleasant person on the phone gets a pass--I'd hate working the phones at a place where they're ringing off the hook.

2 coworkers and I were leaving Epic and heading to the Dane county airport.
The driver was 25min late (I called the night before and made the reservation).
I had to call the company 3 times to figure out where the driver was (lost it turns out)...
He apologized but had several reasons for being late.
He then proceeded to speed to the airport (he hit 80mph at one point).
Next time, I would go with the Madison Taxi company.

While I think Green Cab has an awesome concept, there is room for improvement.
The self declared "green" ethos is great, but Union Cab has recently made the switch to be more environmentally friendly as well, and that being said, Green Cab needs to step it up in other areas in order to keep up.
I have had positive experiences in the cabs themselves, but as a fellow driver in the Madison area, sharing the road with some of these cabs has been appalling.
In two occasions while westbound on University Avenue, I have been tailgated horribly in snowy conditions by Green Cabs.
I was not going too slow, and the tailgating was extremely unnecessary as University Avenue is a three lane road.
What pushed me to write this review was an outright violation today at an intersection.
A Green Cab pulled up in the buses/bikes/right turn only lane beside me at a red light, and when the light turned green, they stepped on the gas and raced around me in the intersection to continue on straight.
This dangerous maneuver was unnecessary, as needless to say we were side my side at every subsequent red light.
I took note of the cab number, but don't believe I will report it as I don't want to mess with anyone's job.
I do hope, however, that the company as a whole will take note of these poor driving practices and will make improvements.
All in all, the green concept is admirable, but to succeed as a business in a world where other companies are also going green, I hope that Green Cab steps up the attention to traffic laws and to the nerves and safety of others on the road.

I decided to try out Green Cab because they had good reviews on Yelp and the website looks really nice.
I booked a cab for 2.15 -by 2.20 they still weren't there so I called the dispatcher.
He was really really rude and snapped back that there is a 15-minute window, and the cab will be there between 2.15-2.30.
I was like okay fine I will wait.
By 2.30, still no cab.
I call back and the dispatcher said he said 1 or 2 blocks away.
Cab only gets here 15 minutes later.
They were a full half hour late whereas on the website they claim there is a only 15 minute window.
They did not offer any apologies or anything.
The service severely disappoints and I will never take Green Cab again.

Horrible.
Booked a time online.
Called to confirm and yet they're late.
So late that we had to change our plans (catching a shuttle to Milwaukee airport).
DON'T USE THIS COMPANY IF YOUR TIMELINE MATTERS.

I am extremely disappointed with Green Cab's service.
Green Cab used to be my favorite cab service in the city but after they lost my reservation today I will not be booking with them in the future.
This morning I called to reserve a direct ride from my home to the airport and was confirmed a 3:45 pm pickup.
After waiting patiently for my ride I gave them a call at 3:55 only to discover that they no longer had a record of my request.
There were no cabs nearby so it would be another 25 minutes or so until they could come get me which simply would not work due to my flight departure.
I am no longer impressed with Green Cab and do not recommend them.

We booked a cab a few days ahead of time for 5:00 in the morning, so I am assuming not a busy time.
It took a few calls and 40 minutes after our scheduled time for our cab to arrive.
The claims he just get the dispatch and he was really cool and got us to the airport FAST (with a few traffic rules left in our dust), but we still ended up missing our flight.
Sadly this is not the only time they have been less than timely, just the worst.
Try someone else in Madison first.

Just had a great experience with the Green Cab!
Although the person who took my call said it could take up to an hour for  a driver to arrive, it only took about 15 minutes!
The driver did say that he just happened to be in the area, but I was happy.
I just moved here from NYC, and I can say that it in comparison it was a very pleasant, clean, high tech ride.
As a bonus, the price was awesome, and the company accepts credit cards!

Had to leave at 5am to get to the airport.
Booked with green cab the night before.
They didn't show and when I called, they said they didn't have my reservation.
Clearly they have problems with their reservation system, since I'm not the only one this happened to.
Unfortunately, when it is at a crazy early hour and you're on a tight deadline, this throws a massive wrench into things.
I will never use Green cab again because of this.
The other times I used them before this I had fine, but not great, experiences.
Now I prefer badger cab or union cab.

After spending the entire day "enjoying" myself at The Great Taste of the Midwest Brewers festival, my friends and I decided to walk over to the Memorial Union for "one last round.
"  - Hey, it seemed like a great idea at the time...  Fast forward a few hours and it was definitely time for us to head home.
We called Green Cab and were quoted 30-35 minutes until pick-up.
No problemo.
Ten minutes later, a driver was calling me; he was in the area and was able to pick us up early.
Score!
(also sounds oddly familiar to Jessica K's experience)  He drove me from the Union to Jenifer Street Market.
Total fare?
$6.
Wow.
That's unreal.
The driver was incredibly friendly and drove very safely.
The cab was clean and comfy.
That's a 5-star experience in my book.

Environmentally friendly: Yes Cheapest taxi in Madison: Yes On time: almost never, only if you're the first pick up of the day, even with reservations  Used to use them weekly.
The last 4 times I've used Green cab they either lost my reservation, were so late and didn't answer my calls that I had to change my plans or tool a route so crazy and long it was like they'd never driven in Madison before...
Always when I'm on my way to the airport.
I plan ahead but they've started dressing me out for my travels.
Will not be using them anymore.

Green Cab is by far the best cab company in Madison.
I do not take a cab very often, but from now on, when I do... it'll be Green Cab.
1 - I scheduled a cab via the Internet because I prefer not waiting on hold or chatting with someone that may lose my reservation.
Not only did it show, it came 10 minutes early.
2 - The cab driver's prior customer vomited in his cab.
Rather than put a towel over it, spray axe or new car smell and crack the windows open, he picked up a new cab.
3 - They have frickin' iPads for GPS navigation - I saw that and thought that I went to cab geek nirvana.
4 - They charged flat rate to the airport.
He only charged me $14.00!
I was stuck with Madison Cab on the way back and the same trip cost $30+.
5 - The driver I had was very sane -- nothing seemed off -- it really felt like the Twilight Zone.
In comparison -- Badger takes and picks up other folks in the cab with you.
You get to hang with folks that are contracted services via government - sketchy is an understatement.
One time is all it took for me to never consider this company again.
Madison and Union Cab gouge you until you can no longer leak.
They do not pick up their phone and are very undependable.
Madison Cab drivers all seem really off.

I wish I could come up with something more mature to say but...  Eat my shorts, Green Cab!
Thursday night 11 PM.
Flat bike tire, bed on the other side of town.
I call Green Cab up hoping to score a quick ride so I can get ma 8 hours.
The dispatcher estimates 20 minutes, so I wait.
20 minutes go by.
Then another 20.
I realize I could have walked my gimpy bike and been home by now.
I call the dispatcher and he says my cab is on the way and should be there any minute.
I wait another 15 minutes and leave.
Forget that!
Green Cab seems to be doing many things right, but until they figure out how to manage their calls and give accurate estimates I won't be calling again.

Worst service ever!!!
They were 20 minutes late picking me up.
Told the driver i needed to be to the airport and he ignored my urgency and ran around the city picking random people up while almost re ending traffic on Whitney way texting on his iPad.
So I ended up missing my flight and as I exited the vehicle the driver was trying to throw my bag that contain my computers and etc on the ground luckily I caught it before it hit or I would probably be sitting in DCJ for beating up a green cab driver.
If you are in a hurry expect any transportation to take you minimum of a hour and half not including pick up time.
You would be better off walking!!!
Customer service 0 Speed 0 Overall 0   Anti-Green Cab

Called for a direct cab for 330am and was told at 331am (when no cab showed up) that they have a 15 min window.
Guess they choose to be late by 15 min rather than early.
If you are like me and plan more exact than most, take note of that window.
No one mentioned that when I made my reservation.
Tat disappointed with them and when cab got here, it smelled of cig smoke.
Not as green as I hoped.
Will stick to madison taxi next time.

Service is great--when they are there.
I ordered a 7:30 am cab, and when I called in at 7:50, they said they didn't have a reservation.
I don't know if it's possible to get a number from them when you book, but at least ask.
They sent another cab, but it was another 25 min.
We will see if I make my flight.

Super cheap, but always takes FOREVER.
I never know exactly what time I'll be done at work, so I usually order "ASAP" rides when I'm finished...only once have I waited less than 20 min, and usually it's closer to 30 or 40.
And this is at/around 11pm!
Drivers and dispatchers are *usually* great though.
I hope they expand their fleet soon.

Usually 15-25 minutes late, always have to plan for that if you call them and need to be somewhere at a specific time.

If I could give zero stars I would.
Worst cab company in Madison.
Tried multiple times to be responsible by taking a cab but green cab refuses to give us service to the west side of town.
So disappointed.

In town for a work convention and missed my hotel shuttle so I was recommended to green cab .
They took my reservation and told me the cab would be there in about 20 mins.
I was not familiar with the shared ride process so was surprised when I saw another guy in the car.
The cab did text me to let me know he was down there.
When I got in we had to wait for another passenger (good thing I was going to the hotel and didn't have to be anywhere ) but she never came so dropped the first guy off.
Then I was dropped off .
The cab was clean and the driver used an ipad as a gps/receipt machine etc, he could email me my receipt.
The cab driver was pretty nice I don't' remember his name but he was from Syria.
My second experience was getting a cab from my work place to the airport.
When I came out the guy didn't even offer to put my bag in the trunk it was like an awkward exchange so I just lifted the bag and placed it in the trunk.
We were on our way to the airport but then he said well they are telling him to pick up another person ... -_- so we go to a car dealership to pick up another person and come to find out it's two people.
So now I'm sitting in a cab with strangers we drop them off and it's around school time so we are stuck behind a bus .. at this point I'm getting nervous b/c my flight is leaving soon and I want to have enough time to check in.
I eventually made it to the airport but I was not feeling the cab ride.
I don't know if they do single or alone rides but if you are in a hurry you may want to go that route.

Worst experience ever.
Waited 50 minutes for a cab that was supposed to arrive earlier.
Would've missed my flight if it weren't for me calling another cab company.
Instead of apologizing, green cab agents kept lying to me saying that the cab was 5 minutes away.
On a snowy day with several cancelled flights they were extremely irresponsible

Terrible!
I had an early morning Hawaii flight and they never showed up.
Dont use them!

I always want to say something positive about Green Cab because I like their concept, but unfortunately their execution never cuts it for me.
Last weekend I waited an hour and a half for a cab.
Our driver was nice but didn't actually get to the restaurant we were heading to, and instead dropped us off about two blocks away.
It wasn't a total catastrophe, but I've certainly learned my lesson to stop calling Green Cab.

Green cab has always been on time to pick me up.

Second time trying green cab.
Both horrible experiences.
My cab didn't call when it arrived.
I got a text message saying it was here and went straight outside and it had left.
The second cab took 40+ minutes to arrive making me that late for dinner.
This company provides zero reliability or customer service.
Will never use again.

I called an hour ahead for a pickup, was told it would be no problem, and they were 25 minutes late.
Subsequently I was late for work.
This is why we need things like lyft and uber, even though cab companies hate them - the cab companies suck.

Calling to get an estimate for a ride (Verona to Madison).
REALLY clueless operator.
I told her what I was trying to do..silence...so...should I give you the address?...uh huh...Okaaay.
Once I gave her all the info, silence for about 3 minutes (I thought she forgot I was on the line).
I said something like,"Does it take a long time for the computer?
"...quiet and then, "just a sec, I need to add some things together.
"  Then, the price, which was acceptable.
Based on this experience and the other comments here, I think I'll pass.
Problem is, taxi rides always seem awkward.
Is it better anywhere else?

Nice concept but terrible execution.
They rival Badger cabs in terms of worst service ever.
I was supposed to be picked up from the mall.
The person on the phone said max waiting time 25 minutes.
30 minutes later I receive a text saying my cab is waiting outside, but when I head outside their is no cab.
On calling green cab again they say, it was a mistake and my driver was still 5-10 minutes away.
After waiting for 15 more minutes when I call them again, they say it's another 10 minutes away!
Their service is a joke.
A really bad one.
Definitely learned my lesson and that was the last call I place with green cab.

Didn't use them at all but it would have taken Green Cab an hour for them to pick me up, it took UNION CAB less then 5 minutes!
Highly recommend Union cab!

in town from CA, I was waiting at the airport when a local suggested green cab.
I was amazed at how cheap they were!
When my co workers went out, I called green cab again, the driver was super friendly & so refreshing from my previous cab experience with union cab (don't ever call them).
Plain and simple, great company, cheap prices and friendly drivers.
Only downfall is they only have a Prius (so no more than 4 people) and sometimes take a while to come but that's only because they're high in demand.
I love this cab company!

When I place an order for a specific time to be picked up, 1.5 hours prior, I expect to be picked up on time.
Not 15 minutes late.
Unacceptable.
*update* in cab now, driver says he needs to pick someone else up.
When I express that he was late and I'm going to be late to work, he offers me a "direct ride" if I pay more.

quick update- came by for epic training again & green cab did NOT let me down.
There were numerous cabs waiting outside the airport but i chose to call & wait for a green cab.
I even recommended it to my co worker who was boasting about his positive experience the next day.
Keep up the great work!

