Hooray a drive-thru coffe place in my 'hood that's not a Starbucks.
I ordered a signature coconut almond mocha on ice and it is very good.
Strong coffee and not too sweet.
Plus I get the 'bean' part of the name now.
On top of my coffee was a white chocolate covered coffee bean.
Yummy!!!
Staff was very friendly and quick, because it was my first time going they even gave me a coupon for my next trip.
Me loves me some coupons, and they offered up a punch card and let me know Wednesday is double punch day.
I'm from the Northwest and there were coffee places all over, and I miss that.
Having the Human Bean so close to me is like having a little bit of home.

I started coming here since they've opened.
I was excited about a coffee place that could rival Starbucks, just up the street, and introduce different coffee selections that could challenge the king.
Upon pulling your vehicle up to the window to order, the fun and smiling employees are really good at what they do and will end up having you smiling or laughing, as well.
I think they lay-out a good first impression.... everyday.
I have visited here over 25+ times and feel I can fairly rate this place after trying nearly everything on the menu.
All the flavored coffees are very good.
You will need to zero-in on your favorite ones and skip the ones you are not fond of.
There is something here for all desires.
After trying many of the hot coffees I tried the blended frozen-style coffee drinks.
These frozen drinks are outstanding and a hit for the whole family on hot summer days.
We all ordered different frozen coffees and was loving it!
My two favorites are the Snowy Mocha and Carmel Hazelnut ......
I prefer hot coffees and really do like it here.
I am giving them overall 4 out of 5 stars because I feel these drinks are a bit too sweet, for my liking, but you may feel different.
I can deal with it cause they are "good".
They will try to adjust the sweetness level for you, but that diminishes the overall taste.
That's the only negative I have, but that could be a positive for you.
This place is worth your time and money, so maybe you'll be a regular here too.
Remember double-punch Weds will earn you 2 punches per drink on your " buy 10" get one drink free (any size) card.
BTW:  One day in Novembert they donated an entire day of sales to the breast cancer foundation.
What new or existing business can claim something close to that?

I'm not a big coffee fan, but what I really like about this, is that they have other drinks, other then coffee.
Located on Camino Al Norte and Washburn.
They have a small coffee stand which is a decent size.
My wife goes here more then I do, but when I do, I prefer the Soy Fruit t Smoothies that they have.
They really taste delicious, and love it.
The barista's are very nice and always in a cheeful mood.
If you get a chance, this is a good coffee stand.
It look like they're building a small mini mall in the area.
But over all, if you need something quick, and don't like coffee as much, you should check this out.

It's on my way to work and thought I'd give it a try, since Starbucks is getting to be the same old thing.
I was pleasantly surprised.
I can't remember the exact name, but we ordered a hot coffee drink that had the word Mexican in it and it was super yummy.
My friend also got an outmeal and she said it was really good.
I'm looking forward to going back and trying different things.

I went to Human Bean after reading about this place on Yelp.
It stands alone with no other buildings around, so it seemed a bit out of place.
Once I pulled up, the baristas were so nice!
Yet again...I thought "never judge a book by it's cover!
"  I ordered a mocha almond coconut iced coffee.
I thought it was a great balance between sweet and coffee.
Mmmm...  :)  I also tried an oatmeal, chocolate, coconut and peanut butter...Deeelish!
It's really great to see something other then Starbucks nearby.
I will return to try more of their creations.

The coffee is fantastic a little bit out of my way but it sure beats Starbucks.
The customer service is exceptional as well.
Highly recommended.
I will be back.

Great Coffee

I can't believe I did not go here sooner.
The stand is right down the street from my neighborhood.
The barista who served me was very nice and cheerful.
She took the time to explain what some of the more exotic items on the menu were and had a few recommendations since it was my first visit.
The Snowy Mocha I had was stellar.
She went through a few questions - non-fat, soy, etc.
When I told her "always full fat" she asked if I would like whipped cream.
Yay!
I drove away with a perfectly yummy concoction and a chocolate covered bean.
It was a great way to start the day.

I'm so glad to have a coffee place in Vegas that's not Starbucks!
There coffee & other drinks are much better, faster, and their prices are better.
I really like the punch cards, if you go on Wednesday you get double punches :-)  Everything I've had here from the seasonal drinks (pumpkin, peppermint, etc) to blended ice drinks and regular black coffee is on point!
The customer service is some of the best in Vegas, can't say enough about this little coffee stand!

Love love love

Didn't think a stand-alone coffee kiosk would make it, but now there are always cars lined up to get coffee.
The coffee is as good as Starbucks only cheaper, and the staff is super friendly.
I love the Human Bean Supreme.

I recently went here for my first time and was blown away.
I absolutely loved their Green Tea smoothie.
The staff was exceptional, and after hearing that it was my first time, the lady gave me a $1 off coupon and explained their punch card system to me.
I will def.
be returning here.

ok so when Human Bean showed up in Vegas I was ecstatic!
This company hails from my home state of Oregon and gives me that "feels like home" sort of feeling.
I wish it were Dutch Bros. as that's my favorite coffee joint from my home state, but at the same time i'm so not complaining.
Human Bean is amazing!
Their coffee is delicious as are their smoothies and other drinks that i've tried.
There is a monthly "special" that changes and some of them have been fantastical, especially the Pumpkin Pie flavor that they have out around the holidays.
Beats Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Latte by leaps and bounds.
Another awesome item on their menu is the "not so hot" hot chocolate, my kids love these and I can even get it in soy for my little one that has lactose issues.
I also love the chocolate covered coffee beans that you receive with your drinks, they are totally om nom nom.
Their staff is friendly and amazing and they always give you that little extra special bit by smiling and doing it up right!
I've even had the pleasure of meeting the two folks that run this location and they completely rock!
Tuesdays are antenna topper days I believe you get 25 cents off a drink by having the topper or one of their stickers on your car.
Wednesdays are double punch days so you can fill up one of those loyalty cards doubly fast!
And they also do a discount if you bring in your own cup to be filled, must be clean though when you get there.
All in all if you're looking for a great little coffee place with friendly staff and great coffee/drinks then you need to find your way to one of the few locations here in the Vegas area!
Also try on of their Granola Bars.
OMG best granola bar ever!
and it's not your typical run of the mill harder textured bar, it's a soft, moist cake like bar and therefore has been dubbed by myself and a friend "The Granola Cake" it's heaven :)

I actually found this place through Yelp.
Needed some coffee one morning and wanted something other than Starbucks, 7-Eleven, and AM/PM.
Besides, I didn't want to get out of my car and looking for a drive thru coffee stand.
I'm a new fan of the Human Bean.
Great title by the way.
One thing you'll notice about this place is that they have everything that Starbucks has in regards to coffee, but a little more.
Prices seem cheaper, but the sizes are smaller.
So overall price is about the same.
I don't get to creative when it comes to coffee, but the Human Bean's mocha is pretty damn good.
Not a big coffee stand and located in the middle of a parking lot.
It's actually easy to miss if you're driving up and down Camino Al Norte.
The lines/wait is actually non-existent during the mornings, which is surprising.
If you're in the area, looking for a boost, and do not want to get out of your car, then I recommend the Human Bean for you.

I like the fact that they have two drive thru windows, so there is almost never a big line.
Up the street from where I live.
Huge variety of coffees, I have only gotten the Snowy Mocha, Caramel Hazelnut and Mexi Mocha.
Not a big fan of Mexi Mocha.
But the other two are great.
Coffee is a little pricey, although they are a little bit cheaper than Starbucks.
I would say I am a fan, great place to grab coffee, lots of choices and the people who work there are friendly and seem like they love their job.
That always goes a long way, considering I am in the F&B industry as well.

I'm not exactly a coffee slut, but I am a coffee cheat.
From an earlier review, you know that I love Grouchy John's.
Well, I want to be the girl who can faithfully do long distance, but I'm not.
Someitimes, Henderson is just too far and Human Bean is right here and they are delicious and the staff is pleasant and aims to please.
You think it is because they know I love another?
Nah, probably just nice kids trained well.
The coffee is really delicious and they make special orders and now they have coupons,  I recently got a coupon in the mail for a free 16 oz.
Free is wonderful!
Human Bean gives you one of those espresso coffee bean candy things.
I put that right in the coffee.
You may do what you like with it.
Who am I to judge?
I'm not even faithful.
But, I am consistent.
I like flavor.
I like good service.
I'll pay more for both, but at HB, I don't have to, especially with coupons.
Now, unless youi are a little bit of an oddball, like me, you won't get this.
Another thing  I love about HB is that they have the most unique coffee lids.
Not only are they unusual, but also, they help cut down on spilling.
Also, always a good thing.

YUMMY!
My bestie lives by there and we stopped by one day (Hangover day) instead of Starbucks (which is literally around the corner) I've never had it and my friend insisted it was good.
Well she was RIGHT!
They put a chocolate covered coffee bean on top and it was Great.
Will stop here before Starbucks any day.
One time I stopped and got us coffee again and she just wanted a small one.
So I asked for their smallest size, let me just say it was the CUTEST little thing ever!
Just perfect for those days where you want coffee but not a whole alot or for kids.

Love this coffee place.
Hands down best place in the area!
Everything is so good, A++ for taste and service!

Mexi Mocha is yumtastic!!!
I have now visited the two locations I am aware of in Las Vegas no less than ten times.
Their coffee is yummy and I hope they expand.
I would venture to say they have the best coffee  in Vegas.
Fantastic!

This place is so much better than starbucks!
And I lovvvve starbucks.
The girls are always so friendly and every single drink I order is delicious and made exactly how I want it.
I've order everything from a green tea smoothie to a Vanilla latte.
So delish!

Coffee is really weak.
But I am a coffee fan, I drink it black.
SO maybe for most people its o.k.
But if your a fan of dark full bodied coffee buy an espresso machine and make it at home.
I bought they meximocha, it tasted like hot chocolate.
So in conclusion, this place should be good for people who cant dig dark coffee but for my taste I say MEH.

I drove here when I stayed at the Palms over a weekend a few weeks ago.
I'm not sure if it was Worth the drive, but it sure was good!
There was no line, so the lady helped us decide what to get.
We got a somewhat of a cinnamon horchata rice drink which was decent.
It tasted exactly what it was named.. forgot the name though!
I wish i tried their expresso though, I had to drive down to Starbucks to get my crack for the day.

This coffee is great, my girlfriend made me try it and I'm glad she did.
Bye bye Starbucks, the human bean is my new coffee spot

Tried their version of an iced mocha and it was really good!
Slight pricey but tastes amazing.

LOVE them!!
I have been with them forever!
Even though I have moved to the other side, I still come back here for their service and excellent drinks.
I love the Granites the most.
My girls all make me feel happy and have been there for me with smiles on my worst days.
They know Dee is there and I wish I could be there more, but I live a little more out of the way.
I try to get there when I'm in the area and I just have to let them know DEE love them and they make the BEST coffee in town, it's so worth me driving a half hour just for the drinks and to see them!

The tea and smoothies here are amazing.
The staff are always incredibly friendly and polite.
We need to support these smaller stores in the neighborhood,

Not only is their coffee great, but their staff is extremely friendly.
I would choose this place over Starbucks any day!

Love this place great prices and friendly staff:) I normally get the Carmel hazelnut mocha.
Fast and better than Starbucks.

Coffee is great as are the smoothies!
And the such friendly service and a doggie biscuit for my pup!

My favorite coffee spot by far.
I'm almost ashamed to say I go there almost everyday.
The crew is fast and friendly, the coffee is the shit and it's usually a expedited experience.

I've seen this place for a good long while but was never interested in trying the brew and thought the name was a little off.
Well, I was in a coffee rut as I usually make coffee at home and wanted to sample a different brew.
I drove up to the coffee stand not realizing there were two drive-thru windows.
So I was about third in line as regulars whizzed past me to the other lane on the opposite side of the building.
Fortunately, they were really quick and I was able to get through In about 10 minutes.
I ordered a medium chai and a large mocha.
My initial impression was that this is a coffee shop for the coffee drinker.
If you're more into coffee as a dessert, you might not appreciate the flavor as much.
The chai was good but not the best I've ever had.
The mocha was better than the chai but again not the best I've ever had.
The best Chai I ever had, I got at Krankies in North Carolina.
I also considered that maybe I'm one of those people who like coffee as a dessert.

So much better then Starbucks!!!
I love that I get a chocolate covered expression bean with every cup

Amazing coffee shop!
It reminds me of home in Alaska where we have coffee drive thru shacks everywhere!
I ordered a venti/20oz and they accidentally charged me for a small/12oz, when I told the barista she gladly switched it and made it a new one for me.
I appreciate the kindness and the customer service there!
The espresso= real espresso!
Not Starbucks!!!!
The drinks are delish!
Sucks that I have to drive 40 minutes to this place (open one in the south side please!
) However, I will always get my coffee whenever I'm scheduled to work in the north side!
Drinks come with chocolate espresso beans!
I ate it before I took the pic!

The best coffee in Las Vegas!!!!!
Awesome service with a smile.
Try the snowy mocha (white chocolate mocha) and you shall be hooked for life.
The lattes have a balanced taste without being too sweet.
They only have two locations.
This place is better than Starbucks by a landslide.
I'm a customer for life.

They have the best smoothies

Service was fast and extremely friendly, coffee was great, and I will definitely return!
I love that they have a little drive thru and they offer so many sugar free options.
It's a refreshing way to grab a drink anytime!

When most people hear coffee they think of Starbucks.
Well you won't after getting your morning cup of joe here.
First time here and found it on accident and the drinks were amazing.
Must try.
I only give it 4 stars for now based on the fact I've only been once but I have a feeling they will not disappoint in the future.
Looking forward to trying the green tea smoothie.

Great place!!
Never been here before but they have tons of different choices for adults and kids.
Fast friendly service.
I will definitely be back.

Intended on going to the Coffee Bean when gps took me to this place accidentally.
It was excellent!
Good service and lots of attention to detail.
I'd highly recommend over coffee bean or disgustingly corporate Starbucks plastered with pictures of sperm-whale look-alike, Oprah Winfrey.

Hands down!
Best coffee place on this side of town!
I wish they had little tables out front - umbrellas- that would be so nice for the early weekend mornings!
Double punch Wednesdays.
2$ off granita 4-6 I think.

Favorite place to go of course better than starbucks.
They have a 32 oz coffee blend option!!!
The chocolate covered beans are awesome.
My favorite is the green tea smoothie or the muddy.

Awesome!
Love this place.
Wish there were more around Vegas, but SW location recently closed.
So this location is it.
The staff is really friendly and mocha granita easily blows away Starbucks Frappuccino.
Great smoothies, too.
Discounts for happy hour and double punch Wednesday are a bonus.

