The owner, Randy Hatada, is super knowledgeable in the field of real estate.
He helped us get a house, got us exactly what we were looking for in 1 day (we only went looking for 1 day) and with an awesome price to boot.
My husband and I are very busy and just have no time to shop around.
He helped us through the whole ordeal, always available for questions by phone or email.
After we moved in, he has so many contacts and offer to give us referrals for handyman work, pool cleaner, gardener, basically he's our main contact.
We also rented out our previous home with Xpand Property Management.
It took them 1 week from handing over the key to having a tenant move in, and this is including the new year holidays.
I was blown away at their ability to secure a renter that quickly.
We still have the same renter from new year so it's not like they didn't screen them or just give us anybody.
I'm so impressed with them that I referred my mother-in-law when she wanted to buy a house.
Once the paperwork is done, I know she will also use them for property management for her rental.
They have done wonderful work for me and I can't sing enough high praises.

I've rented from Xpand for 2 years now... NOT a good idea!
I had many issues with my dishwasher - each time he sent out a kid that knew nothing about plumbing and asked me for advise.
The place needed to be painted, we agreed that they would pay for the paint and I would do the labor.
Well, 2 yrs later... still waiting to be reimbursed.
There are only a few people that work in the office, so there's little time for each of them to do their job.
Super frustrating to work with and they don't care about anything other than the $$!

I don't know what transpired that the other reviewer gave such poor reviews.
As for me, I've used them for about two years now, and my mother in law also used them for property management.
And we've used them for buying properties as well.
I know that when the tenant has an issue, they contact me right away.
Either I provide a solution or they provide a solution.
If I'm slow to getting back to them, they get in touch with me again.
I feel like they really have the tenant's best interest in mind.
I know that sometimes when the owner of the property does not want to provide a solution, there's not much a property manager can do about it, i.e.
washer broke, either repair or get a new one, ASAP.
They have to get approval before they proceed.
I got a washer problem and some sprinkler problem and both times they were on top of it.
I know my tenants appreciate the quick response they get from both their property manager and their property owner.
They make the whole rental property management a breeze for property owner like myself.
I don't have to deal with any issues.
They call or email me when there's a problem, and if I don't want to deal with it, they have people they send out to deal with the issue immediately.
I get the money in the bank monthly and that's all I want to have happen.

I used their service to sell my home on a short sale.
After showing my property to a couple of Randy's (the broker) investors, I never heard from him again.
Then I started getting notices on my home regarding the date of foreclosure.
I was just getting ready to move out because I've been getting more than 20 certified mails from the trustee  and notices posted on my door.
Was not sure if he even care or tried to help me save my home, it got foreclosed but did not hear from him or his staff.
They have a very poor customer service and lack professionalism.
I will not recommend this company to anyone.
They treat their customers like dirt and act like they're better than you.

I had an appointment with Robert "Tim", a relator so he can show me a few available rentals.
First he ask if he can re-schedule our appointment that we both had agreed together on, already a unprofessional gesture.
I told him I could not re-schedule, and we would have to stick with original time and date of meeting.
As my boyfriend and I arrived at our first destination, we are greeted by Tim then a follow up with "can I get your honest opinion since you are a female" already I'm thrown off and realized that this is going to be an awaked situation.
Since we are young he felt like he could approach us with such question and mannerism; I was uncomfortable.
He continues to talk about his personal life and a recent love interest with this Evelyne women.
How unprofessional, I did not want to be rude and cut him off with an honest response like "I don't care Tim, I am here to see properties and not to listen about your personal life.
and what does this have to do with this property?!
" I'm disappointed as we continue to venture out to the other properties he continue to talk about his personal business; this Evelyne women once again.
I figured, let's just keep looking at the properties we want and just listen to the guy talk...We arrived at this one Condo that my boyfriend I fell in love with, he tells us no one hasn't even showed the property yet; he's the first and there is no app.
AWESOME!
we're filling out and application as soon as possible ( This was Friday and the office was already closed and there not open on the weekends ) So Monday comes - TODAY and we go to the office to bring the rest of the paper work ( since we already filled out an application online since we wanted the place so bad ) and the receptionist tells me there is already an application on the property and it's been like so since last week!
How disappointing, I met up with this guy who couldn't stop talking about Evelyne and he tell's me "Yea this place is too good to be true, fill an application as soon as possible because no has but an app yet"; he wasted our time, when we could have continue looking at our properties just to find out that there was already an application.
VERY UNPROFESSIONAL, I had read the other reviews for this company and I should have stayed away.
I do not recommend them and I will never go back!

