New City Church was formed out of Poiema Church and Day 12 Church joining forces to reach into the heart of Phoenix.
Great place to feel comfortable as a person while be challenged in your faith.
Don't come here if you want to keep living life as you have.
Put on some flip flops, bring your old fashioned bible, or ipad with a bible app, and you'll fit right in!

So I feel kinds a weird writing a review about a church.
But I love this church.
I was hopping around and hoping to find a place where I could share my love for Jesus and feel like I belong.
New City feels like home.
Lots of amazing community, worship team literally rocks, and Pastor Brian really hits home with his teaching.
Plus this church really is part of Phoenix.
Lots of outreach which I really appreciate.

This is my home church when I attend college in phoenix.
I absolutely love it, the atmosphere and community really make you feel at home.
Pastor Brian always has great messages.
Check it out!

We love New City Church!
We have an almost-4-year-old and an almost-2-year-old that attend with us and go to New City Kids.
They love their teachers and activities, and it really makes it easy for us as parents to enjoy the service.
Pastor JJ really makes us feel welcome and a part of the NCK community!
The teaching for adults is always great, but the best part is the worship...  You should probably check it out - Sunday services at 830, 10, 1130 and a 530 PM service is starting on 9/15/13

We were passing through on Easter weekend on trip and found NewCity on Yelp (honestly still surprised I would look there).
Went to website and could see it was the kind of community that we love in a church, so showed up for Easter service.
Amazing.
We're from Katy Tx and Easter was our 40th wedding anniversary - that said we were twice the average age.
While we are used to that and love it, everyone we met went out of there way to seek us out with a smile and and welcome.
The worship was wonderful and the Pastor is so real and and passionate.
We would be regulars in a heart beat if we lived in Phoenix.
We have been to so many churches around the country - you have an incredible reflection of real community and Christ-like followers.
Phoenix don't miss the opportunity to see that for yourself.

This church is amazing, they're open, non judgmental, kind, amazing, and supportive people.
It's modern and constantly changing and growing.

