The only place to get quality products and quality service for your outdoor kitchen.
These guys do it all!
Stop in and ask for Shelton, tell him Chris sent you!

Knowledgeable, Friendly staff....Not to mention they perpetually have 4 Peaks on Tap.
How much better could it get!!

The holy grail of barbecue stores, I could spend hours in there just checking out all of the bbq goodies.
Rented a professional grade smoker, "The Good One" - Marshall model for my pal's baby-que party.
Loaded this thing up with 20lbs of hardwood charcoal and 12 racks of baby-back ribs, a little cherry wood to smoke, and 5-hours later we had delicious piggy perfection.
Shelton and the crew were very helpful, loading this contraption into the back of our truck and giving great instruction so we had no hiccups.
They even fed us some freshly roasted chicken when we were picking up the Good One.
BOTTOM LINE: Worth the drive.
My new BBQ heaven

By far the best and friendliest BBQ store around.
Good group of guys running the place.
Competitive pricing.
This place makes all the other barbecue stores around town seem like a joke.
Take one of their classes, hang out and chat, or just run by and pick Shelton or Mike's brain on all kinds of outdoor cooking topics.
Their sauce and rub selection is probably the best in Arizona.

Oh BBQ Island - I seriously love you guys.
Spending the day with my Big Green Egg smoker or BBQ is a day I always look forward to especially due to the help from BBQ Island.
I 1st found these guys when I decided a few years ago to get a Big Green Egg.
Locally they had the best price and were very friendly on the phone.
After buying it they assembled and delivered to my house.
I live in N. Scottsdale and still make the drive down to BBQ Island about 1x/month.
Shelton and the guys there are beyond helpful and give me awesome tips to feel like a grill master.
I've been to most of their events such as EggFest (for my Big Green Egg) and TurkeyFest.
All their events are so much fun, learn a ton and get to try out awesome BBQ.
I decided to smoke a 24 lb turkey for Thanksgiving and went down to BBQ Island for a quick visit to pick up a few smoking essentials.
1 hour later still was there talking with Shelton and some other customers.
Got awesome tips for our Thanksgiving Turkey that turned out great.
Thanks BBQ Island for all that you do - much appreciated!

I was not happy with my experience in this store at all.
My first thought was WOW, over priced!
But then, for a small specialty/niche store higher prices are not unexpected.
And, as a novice BBQer, I really wanted to check this store out to see what they had.
Or, is this a place that could help me develop a new hobby/passion?
My answer after 10 minutes or so was NO.
Again, I thought they were highly over priced-on everything.
From rubs to your smallest accessories, I thought they were really milking it-and that I would go to other stores to buy such products.
I mean really, in this economy, who has money to burn (no pun intended in a BBQ shop)?
But it was my interaction with the senior most appearing member of the shop that really turned me off.
My wife and I were in around closing time, and with a few minutes before closing, this older looking guy walks up very close to us with a look like, "CAN I HELP YOU-NOW?
" My wife guessed he was noticing it was close to closing and greeted him.
I explained my place in the market-trying to use a gas grill to experiment with smoking.
He poo-pooed everything I had to say and gave me the impression that if you weren't there to spend over 500 dollars, the most you were going to get was "smoke flavor.
" Isn't that what smoking was all about?
His behavior IMHO was dismissive and gave me the impression "It's closing time!
" So we left-thinking they don't need our money and we don't want to go back.

I've been going to BBQ Island now for about 1.5 years.
I use to go to a couple of other places in town before finding BBQ Island, but now, I pretty much only go to BBQ Island.
I have found everyone there to be very helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable.
They have a great selection of rubs, sauces, wood chunks, lump coal, wood pellets, grills, smokers, and plenty of accessories.
Occasionally, they will hold a class on grilling and/or smoking items.
Those have always been very informative.
They also have various events throughout the year.
A couple of them are Eggs in the Desert and Turkey Fest.
Today, I recommend BBQ Island to my family, friends, and neighbors.
I have found the pricing at BBQ Island to be comparable to most other brick and mortar locations.
The big difference for me has been the staff and the customers.
Thank you BBQ Island...keep up the good work.

Easily the best & most comprehensive BBQ shop in all the valley.
Tons & tons of legit rubs, sauces, coals, cookers, etc.
More importantly, they all have "the passion" & are extremely supportive when it comes to getting you on top of your bbq game.
I'm from Kansas City where we have countless choices for BBQ stores - BBQ Island is a combination of them all.
Thank you BBQ Island!

Great selection, great prices, GREAT service.
The BEST BBQ shop in the valley, fer sure.
Best-of-breed grills, smokers, kamados, etc.
plus the best selection of rubs, sauces, lump coal, etc.
I've seen.
More importantly, the shop is run by great people who know what they are doing and really treat their customers well.
Buy a smoker or grill here, and you will feel like family every time you come back in.
Go hang out there the next time your wife is at Ikea... you might get lucky and find the staff trying out a new recipe (and Four Peaks on draft... enough said).

I live in California and have shopped at numerous BBQ stores in California, Nevada, Arizona, and in Kansas City.
The BBQ Island store ranks as one of my favorites and is stocked to the ceilings with every imaginable BBQ item big or small that you might need.
The staff is also very knowledgeable and friendly.
Whenever I pass through Tempe, I try to stop by to pick up my BBQ supplies and to see what cool new gadgets they have in the store.

Costco, Home Depot, and BBQ Island, do I really need to shop anywhere else?

Saturday I was in the market for a Weber Smokey Mountain so I visited BBQ Island, having never been there before.
Wow...a candy store for barbecue enthusiasts--a huge selection of grills, of course, but also accessories, woods and charcoals, rubs and sauces, and big equipment--such as offset smokers on trailers.
They had everything you could want.
They also hold events from time to time, such as small barbecue competitions.
My only complaint: I asked for the Weber and they were sold out.
Once they found out that was all I wanted to quickly lost interest in talking to me.
Not really unfriendly, but sending off a vibe.
I'll give them a try for supplies next time and see how they are when it is not quite as busy.

Excellent selection of doors, drawers and BBQ's to choose from.
They also have smokers.
Very good customer service and answer all of your question and even ask you question in making sure it is being hooked up correctly.

on 2/3/14 I came in to get some expert advice on the Memphis Pros vs Mak Generals pellet grills.
However, I spent an entire hour in there with no help at all trying to figure out things for myself.
Somebody was working on a built-in grill so I asked him if I could see a Mak 2 star, but he said simply, "We dont have any of those now".
Ok, that is fine.
So when are you going to get some in?
Can't you place one on backorder?
If I am interested in buying, wouldn't the owner of this company want someone to be proactively helping me?
Anyways, he didnt do any of this and went back to working on one of the grills.
The other rep on the floor seemed mostly interested in sharing BBQ stories with someone that came in to just talk.
I patiently waited with my son for that client to finish buying his rub.
Then someone else started hanging out and just chatting with the sales rep again.
All I needed was basic customer service; someone to ask what I wanted and that they would be with me in "x" minutes.
The last thing you want to do as a customer is pull teeth to get someone to help you that never made any effort to help you from the start.
They do have a great selection, and some incredible grills that you can't see anywhere else in the city.
However, within that 1 hour, I could've been informed and bought the pellet grill of my choice.
I will bring my business somewhere else where I dont have to waste my time

Possibly the best place in the Phoenix area where you can by virtually all level of smokers, pellet grills, high end BBQ island components, fireplace components and accessories.
I've found Mike, the owner, and his team to be very knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful.
I just purchased a Pellet Grill from them, late in the day on Sunday.
Steve, the manager, made sure that the grill was delivered to my home the same day.
Great service!
If you're looking for quality grills, smokers, and accessories, these guys will take great care of you.

