In need of a home away from home?
Part of The Dogs chain, Underdogs is rather aptly situated directly under The Dogs, which is beside Amore Dogs.
Whilst The Dogs and Amore Dogs are restaurants, Underdogs is a basement bar that somehow mixes comfy, commmfffyyyy sofas arranged in a living-room type arrangement with lamps and coffee tables, with a whole host of drinks, bar nibbles and food.
For either a Sunday evening coffee, or a Saturday night pre-cocktail sniffter, this is now one of my favourite go-to bars.
Be prepared to sit down and go "ohhhhh!
" at how comfy the sofas are.
Then "hmmm" over the pretty wide range of drinks on offer, and then just wait in a comfy stupour whilst the waitress comes to take your order.
It's table service, and pretty efficient.
The ambience is wonderful.
Low-lighting, cosy, homely yet still somehow sophisticated.
Although, as I've discovered, it's hard to look sophisticated in a shortish skirt whilst fighting the urge to lounge, limbs akimbo, in an arm chair with JD in hand.
I came here on a Saturday night for the first few drinks of the eve and it really started the night off well.
Friendly staff, wonderful ambience, really central, and a nice crowd.
And if you dine upstairs, all the better to head down here after.
Verdict: Underdogs is the dogs danglies.

Got to hand it to these guys.
After at least 20 yelpers and friendly folk stopped by here for some TYIF drinks on a Friday eve, without prior notice, they managed to keep us all with a drink in our hands and a lovely wee place for much merriment and banter.
As I've said in my previous review, this is definitely a home-away-from-home (if your home is super cool and constantly smells of yummy food.
) With 4 or 5 'pockets' of couches scattered around the basement bar, it sets the mood for a chilled, comfy but still chic drink or three.
They've got a good selection of beers and at least two types of gin - win.
A few things to note: it's table service, which did get a little confusing with so many different peeps coming and going.
And it's not the sort of place you can stand with a drink - nope.
Apparently if you have a drink, you need to be seated.
This again was a little awkward at times due to surplus yelpers-to-seats ratio but we managed somehow, and despite a few "oh excuse me, exCUSE me" moments everyone left a happy bunny.
Be warned - all the sofas are stupidly comfy and it led to many a giggle every time someone sat one in one for the first time and all made exactly the same noise-and-facial-expression combo of "ooHHHft" and pop-eyes.
Myself included.
It's ever so slightly off the beaten path, but well-worth the trip over the hill on Hanover Street for a cosy, comy, chilled apres-work drinkie.

I like pubs.
I like good beer, on tap.
But, I also like nice bars.
I like perusing a cocktail list and picking out something which I've never heard of before.
Unfortunately, Underdogs fulfils neither of those things.
It looks pretty cool inside, but despite the fact that it's kitted out like the living room you've always wanted but can't afford, it doesn't feel comfortable to me.
First of all, you're not allowed to stand.
You will be wondering "WTF" right about now, but it's true.
The first time I went here I was with a large group of Yelpers who had to be strewn all over the room because they weren't allowed to stand and have a chat with friends.
Secondly, there are no beers on tap.
Beer is sold here, in bottles, for some exorbitant price.
There are also no cocktails.
This would be the perfect place for a shwank cocktail bar, but nah.
No cocktails.
I also got the impression that there is a limited number of spirits behind the bar as well, when I ordered a Hendricks and tonic and was told they didn't carry Hendricks.
There isn't even an impressive wine list.
I mean seriously, it's like going to a friend's fancy house for drinks, and having them charge you a lot of money for the privilege.
The final straw was the food.
The Man and I were hungry so ordered a bite which came from Amore Dogs upstairs.
I love Italian food but was served this poor excuse for an antipasti which some meat on it that had the consistency of something which came out of a can.
It really comes down to the fact that we're not exactly short on great bars and pubs in Edinburgh, and as such I have pretty high expectations.
I have enough standby favourites and places I would like to try to keep me from having the urge to return to Underdogs.

Our last stop on our tour of the Dogs restaurants was the small basement Underdogs - and what a great finish!
It's really nice and cozy, with nice couches and squashy armchairs strewn about, not a hard cold bar chair in sight.
There's table service (cue gasps of amazement) and the bartender was friendly and funny.
Decent wine list at decent prices, it's quiet and comfortable and you can linger over your bottle or cocktails for hours.
I also ordered a half BLT to nibble on, and it was delicious.
Crusty bread, salty bacon, juicy tomato - not big, but big flavors for only £2.
Underdogs, I'm a fan.

Over these long, cold, dark Edinburgh winter months I've often times been in need of a pub.
A cosy pub.
With sofas and armchairs.
That feels like the living room of your slightly bohemian, but hip, best friend.
A pub that's comfy but not old and worn and, well, old-man-ish.
That does cocktails, hot toddies, beer snacks, mini meals (like slider burgers and £1 portions of peanut butterjelly cheesecake).
And a bar that's in walking distance from town / the Christmas Market.
So what have we here?
Underdogs.
Frequented many a-times over the festive season.
It is all of the above, as well as quite delicious.
It's not necessarily a good 'local' bar to have.
It's quite popular, and not necessarily trendy but the staff whilst friendly aren't looking to make best friends.
But if you're in town and aren't sure where to get a drink, or rest your weary feet, and need somewhere that does equal measures beer and cocktails, or comfy seats and nibbles - with a restaurant attached via the stairs should you so wish to extend those nibbles (to Amore Dogs) - then Underdogs ticks all those boxes.
I've been coming since it first opened this time last year and back then it looked the same but had a much smaller selection of drinks.
As Emily V pointed out in her review there were no cocktails at that time.
Now there are many more spirits, the aforementioned food, and it feels like a wee corner of home.

Cosy couches, cosy environment.
Had a couple of bottles of wine here and it was just nice and cosy.
Noticed a few Yankee beers behind bar (looks like same beer list as Dogs Amore) - Brooklyn, Sierra Nevada...  Bar staff efficient, nice place to get away from the cold...
Still large enough to have a few groups in without them tripping over eachother.

I usually support the underdog, but in this case I am not so sure.
The sofas, big sink in seats, nice fireplace and low ceilings are all good!
But there is just something missing here.
I cannot quite put my finger on it yet though.
The little snacks menu is a great idea (my fish slider was yummy) and the selection of drinks is good...... but I just think this place would be so much better suited to being a little quirky cafe?!
I think it is trying to be something that it's not.
Saying that I would definitely come back on a windy Edinburgh night and cuddle up on the sofa with a nice large red wine.

After a Festival day out we were looking for somewhere to have a last drink before heading home.
We tried to get into a few places along Thistle Street, and gave up as they were jammed packed (it was the Festival AND it was a Friday night!).
So we stopped outside Underdogs to say our goodbyes and, as sure as moths are drawn to a lightbulb, these girls were drawn to the sight of an empty table with squishy sofas and an armchair.
I'm really glad we're that easily led!
Underdogs is a spacious basement bar that also felt extremely cosy at the same time.
This place is the epitome of shabby chic, with its mismatched furnishings and the feeling that I was drinking wine in a friends living room, from a set of charity shop bought, crystal cut glasses...I was extremely tempted to kick off my shoes and curl up on the old & worn (but much loved!
) sofa!
Table service was delivered by very friendly staff, the drinks were tasty and they had an (extremely!
) reasonably priced bar menu that looked amazing!
There was a good mix of folk in, mostly groups having a blether, but I suspect it'd be a nice place to have a mid-week meet up with the girls, or perhaps a pre-dinner drink on a first date (you can squish together on the sofa!).
I'll definitely be coming back here again, but next time it'll be the first place I'll head...not the last!

