Fair prices for a large meal.
I have never left hungry.
Alright atmosphere, but can get quite loud.
It's still worth a try.

This is just a breakfast review.
I have sampled their lunch and dinner menu items and they are great.
Angel's used to serve real potatoes as home fries but since before Christmas they started to use the frozen, sorta-like potatoes.
I have been told several times that they can't get good potatoes so I am surprised that other restaurants can.
I can visit 30 or so restaurants and eat the same bacon and eggs but for me, it is all about the potatoes.
If Angel's is going to stay with these "potato-like" delights, just say so!

I went to Angels with a friend for the second time ever.
It was very good the first time, but I have to agree with the last couple of reviewers who spoke of frozen semi-potato things as opposed to home fries or real potatoes.
The first time I went was about a year ago and it was REALLY good.
I had the country style eggs benny (they had like 5 different kinds of eggs benedict at the time), which came with real fries and a fresh-looking "fruit boat".
This time I was surprised to see they only had one kind of eggs benny, the classic peameal bacon on an english muffin, and the eggs fluorentine, which my friend ordered.
I decided I would look at the lunch menu.
Since moving to Ontario I have not had a decent poutine, and was craving one, so I asked our server if their poutine was real poutine with curds, not just fries and gravy with shredded cheese (which seems to be what people in Ontario think poutine is).
I was assured that it was.
So I ordered the club wrap (which I didn't really want, but didn't want just a heaping plate of fries for lunch).
Our server then went on her break.
We were served by two other servers.
My friend's eggs fluorentine looked really good, but I was surprised at the gross looking potato things that accompanied it instead of their delicious home fries.
My "poutine", of course, was fries and gravy with shredded mozzarella cheese.
I immediately said "whoa - there's no curds".
One of the servers said that they don't have curds.
I told them this isn't poutine then, and I specifically asked our original server and she said they serve it with curds.
They apologized and said they didn't.
I told them I didn't really want it then.
The second server asked if I would like just fries or fries and gravy.
I said no, that now I didn't really know what I wanted because I only ordered for the poutine really.
So they unprofessionally rolled their eyes at me and took the plate away, saying they would bring me the menu again.
About 10 minutes later I saw the two servers taking new orders at booths around us.
One shouted across the restaurant at me that the other one will bring me a menu in a few minutes, after we had made eye contact.
Niice.
After another 5-10 minutes our original server came back and brought me a menu.
I decided to just order the eggs benedict.
The server apologized for her mistake, and explained that she thought that their poutine had curds since she is new and saw melted cheese so thought they were curds (which is strange since curds don't really melt, but whatever).
She then said that "the cook can't understand why you don't want the club wrap at all".
So as I explained before, I told her I had ordered it to accompany a side of poutine, which is what I really wanted.
She kind of huffed and puffed and took off as soon as I ordered the eggs.
Eventually my food came out (my friend having already finished her meal), and the server apologized again.
The eggs benny were meh.
The hollandaise sauce was delicious, but the english muffin was not toasted.
It was even kind of cold and dry.
The "potatoes" were nasty, and the fruit boat was full of wilted, unwashed fruit.
Delish...
Afterward when we were paying, I noticed that the server read the debit receipt right in front of me before saying goodbye/thanks/etc., undoubtedly to see how much I tipped or if I did.
I did not because of the poor service and food quality.
They get 2 stars because the hollandaise was good and the first time I went there the food and service were awesome.
Otherwise I would have only given 1.
I will not likely go back.

Delicious half-pound burgers!
Excellent food and nice '50s decor.
Good portion sizes for the prices they offer.
Something that surprised us, however, was that their five-piece chicken strip meal came with small chunks of chicken battered in their English-style batter (the same they use for their fish and chips).
This was okay tasting, but the chicken was overwhelmed by loads of greasy batter, which left the chicken without much texture or flavour.
They also make their own salad dressings (the garlic caesar was delicious), yet they serve the chicken strips with store bought pre-packaged "old fashioned" plum sauce, which tasted weird.
Staff were not very attentive, despite there being ample staff for the small number of patrons seated in the restaurant.

We went in for breakfast on the weekend.
It was totally packed in there.
Waited at the door for a few minutes to get a table.
The 4 of us had The Original breakfast.
We waited 20-25 minutes for the food to arrive.
I know it was busy but that long for a place that is known for breakfast?
The server did apologize about the wait.
The food was decent overall, nothing really special.

