VERY clean upcale modern nail salon.
Great prices for quality work.
They offer wax too.
Their pedicure massage chairs are state of the art and fancy.
The owner is very personable and takes pride in her shop & work.
Thanks Chau!

When I am in the mood to get pampered I venture over to my favorite salon.
Very clean and the tech's are great.
Not all of them speak very good English so expect a bit of work in communicating your needs... lol.
Chau is the owner and she is great.
I love the massage chairs and their color selection in one of the best I've seen.

started coming here last year and loved the place, all the techs are great and Chau is fantastic.
They have the best massage chairs on this side of town.
a couple of times they were busy so i made a quick dash to another salon in the area- MISTAKE- Worth waiting a few minutes for,

I have been using Chau for 10 years now.
She is Very caring towards all her customers!
Everywhere I go people stop me and ask me who does my nails-- Chau's Nails and Salon is truly the best in Vegas!

I needed to get a filling for my nails and stumbled across this place.
I was actually looking for a different nail salon but wasn't able to find it.
I went in, and Stacy the nail technician was very nice and greeted me.
She gave me so many choices of colors that they had, and then started with my nails.
She was very personable and friendly.
My nails turned out great!!
I think I would go back to this place.

Great nail salon!
I have been going there for as long as its been open and have always had a good experience.
Chau is awesome and so are her employees.
Janet S.

TERRIBLLE..TERRIBLE..My husband and I stopped in to get our nails done.He had a manicure and they didnt even cut his cuticles and left his hands in water,no massage or anything and I had a full set with gel put on and they were real thick and they ouldnt even paint a french manicure on.The line was all messed up.This place sucks and they didnt even care when i told them i was not happy.I cant believe this place is still open for business.Nail techs had no isea what they were doing.

I LOVE LOVE coming to Chau's!!!
Everyone is super friendly I ALWAYS go to Stacey, she's the sweetest ever!
She always makes sure I'm pleased!
Love getting pedicures and my acrylic nails done.
Love they're chairs for pedicures its a plus!
I've been a regular for almost a year now.
You will not regret coming here!
Promise!

I like Chau's Nail & Spa strictly for pedicures.
The foot massages here are amazing.
I've been here 3 times and received the $25 pedi during each visit.
As far as mani's go, I did get a gel manicure the first time I was here, but I prefer another salon for my hands instead.
Generally, the spa is pretty empty and I have never had to wait which is nice.
Friendly customer service, which is always a plus!

I have been to a couple of Nail Salons since I moved to Vegas, and this is as good as it gets!
I used to go to a different salon to get my Gel nails, and although that salon does top notch work, Chau's does the same if not better, for less.
They have the same choice of Gel polish that other salons do, and their work eithic is wonderful!
They are personable without being pushy, and they really care about making their customers happy.
If you decide to visit this salon, Ask for Antoine.
He's fun, friendly, and he does an outstanding job on his clients nails.

*Clean, sanitized metal tools *Fast, polite service *Up-front, clear pricing breakdown *Don't need an appointment *Next door to a Starbucks  Went in for a "classic pedicure" which cost a flat $25.
They offer more thorough pedicures for $35 and $45, as well.
A basic manicure goes for $12 and the prices go up from there.
So, the pricing is affordable.
The $25 pedicure Includes a soak, trim/file, exfoliating, massage, and polish.
The service is quick and not sloppy; plus, the manicurists don't force you into awkward conversation.
My only concern was that they use the same nail file and pumice stone that they have in their station drawer.
So, if you're paranoid about germs, bring your own nail file and exfoliating tools.

I came here based on a friend's referral.
The lady who did my nails was EXTREMELY unprofessional.
First, she left me in the middle of the procedure to go get a jacket.
She came back after five minutes and proceeded to continue without apologizing for her rude interruption.
Then she picked up a call and started talking, once again stopped doing my nails.
She was so rough with my hands such as: pulled it towards her forcefully, pinched my fingers, cut my cuticles too deep, etc.
I brushed these actions off because I'm not the type to demand my money back.
So she had a LOT of white nail polish on my fingertips and I asked her to take it off.
She did as I told and there was still polish on my fingertips.
I asked for her to remove the specks.
She then proceeded to speak in Vietnamese (which I understand) to the other manicurist "She's so picky.
There's nothing even there.
" I sat there.
Just BAFFLED.
But once again, I brushed it off.
My friend said I could get a discount because of connections so I was talking to her about it (she was sitting next to me getting her nails done).
I guess the manicurist heard & after she finished my nails she said "pay me here.
" and I was like I don't go to the front?
& she kept demanding me to pay.
Then she said "tip too?
" when I didn't give enough.
HORRIBLE SERVICE.
I'm still enraged by the horrific treatment to this day.

the experience was great.
much to my surprise the price was so REASONABLE!
i did my manicure and pedicure both there, chau and another guy did the job.
i was amazed by how professional and efficient the process was, the result turned out was better than i thought.
its a definitely recommend.
staffs there were so nice as well!

Definitely my favorite little getaway when I need some "ME" time.
I've been coming here for quite sometime now and everyone is so friendly.
By now, some of the techs know me and they always converse with me and pretty much treat me like a part of their family.
My favorite is Stacy but everyone else is just as wonderful.
They do an amazing job with my nails and they have an abundant colors to choose from, including their gel selections.
Will definitely continue coming here for many more years to come.

Walked in signed my name in the book, requesting a pedicure.
Meanwhile nobody greeted or acknowledged I was there.
Another lady walks in soon after me and she was greeted.
The place was fairly busy.
I waited for about 20 minutes and walked out.

They're in the same plaza as Bank of America and Starbucks'.
The most reasonably priced nail and spa place in town.
Very clean and the customer service is outstanding.
This is the ONLY place that I trust with my toe and finger nails.
Most of all it's in a convenient location with a Bank of America in the same plaza too.
Makes life so much easier just coming here.
Rany is our to go gal, referred by a friend.. we call her our creative nail artist.
Walk ins are accepted but they have to squeeze you in somewhere, just make life easier by calling for an appointment.

I have been to this location several times now and I absolutely recommend them.
Very friendly and clean.
I recommend making an appointment that way you would get in faster than walking in.

My main at Flamingo Nails is all booked up and it is an EMERGENCY!!
I need to get a pedicure FOR SURE and possibly a manicure for my grown-out-ratchet-looking-nails!
This place is right by my house so I pull in and see if anyone is available.
There was only one woman working and she was with two clients already so she made a phone call and asked if I could wait fifteen minutes for another person to arrive.
I said I could, she started the water for the pedicure for me and LESS than fifteen minutes later, another lady arrived.
I told her I had gel on my toes and my nails and she informed me it would cost $5 to remove the gel polish.
That's $5 for my toes AND $5 for my fingers.
I find this absurd but whatever.
All in all she was really nice and did a good job on my nails except for a couple times she skimmed my skin and it STUNG so bad when she put other stuff on it that touched those spots.
:-/  I think it was $25 for my regular pedicure + $10 for the manicure add on + $10 for the gel polish removal.
I will try not to have nail emergencies anymore so I am able to go to my Hannah at Flamingo Nails!!

The first time I came I had a decent experience.
They sat me promptly and were quite friendly.
My technician convinced me to get a design and charged me $2 for 2 nails which I agreed to, though the design was poorly done and chipped off quickly.
I went back this evening for my bimonthly fill-in and had a terrible experience.
I will never go back, EVER.
My nail lady was rushing through my nails and tried selling  me on getting a new full set even though I had gotten one the last time I was in.
She then asked if I wanted a design and told me that it is $5 for 2 nails...she began making excuses when I called her out on this and said "Fine no design for you!
"...good, I didn't ask in the first place.
She hurried through my imperfect, lumpy, and uneven fill and hurried me out of the door when she gave me one nail-dry session.
Good.
I'm glad I was rushed out.
I would have never gone there in the first place had I known!!!
Such a bad experience I made a yelp account!
Don't bother.

Love this salon.
The owner is super nice & Stacy is the best nail tech ever!
They are super accommodating with appointments and the price is fair.
I've been coming here for about a year & wouldn't go anywhere else!

Clean shop, well ventilated, friendly staff, and great service.
I walked in, no appointment and my services began right away.
The technician was very helpful in that she suggested some services to make my experience more enjoyable/beneficial.
My Pedicure was relaxing and enjoyable and my nail service was the same!
Only negative was that the parking lot was full so I wound up parking in front of Bank Of America and walking over, not a far walk though and I'm sure I needed the exercise!
Lol

