LVDC is truly a hidden gem for people looking for home stuff.
everyone thinks you have to be a designer to shop here and technically you do...
But you don't, anyone one can enter this place and if you find something you want you can find a designer at the place who will be more than willing to help you.
This place is pretty huge and the people that work there are either non existent or not helpful.
But, for the prices saved it can be amazing.
I am not going to quote any purchases in fear of getting anyone in trouble.
But there is an item my mom wanted at a home shop in town that was $10,000 and she got it for $3,500 here.
So don't be scared and check it out.

This place is fun even just for browsing and window shopping - but if you're looking for home accessories or furniture you must stop by here!
They have in-house designers that can work with you, and you will still have a significant savings compared to retail stores.
fourhands.com is the wholesaler to all those big chains - Pottery Barn, Restoration Hardware, Crate & Barrel, Neiman Marcus - so you can get all the EXACT SAME furniture at super reduced prices.
I've had stuff shipped back to Maryland and it still saved me a ton of money.
This is not Kmart grade furniture - so don't expect bargain basement prices.
Although - much of it probably is made in China, unfortunately.

I finally figured out how to shop here!!
And here's how you can too....
The world market is imposing in several ways.
First, its massive.
Second, it seems almost impossible to shop here if you don't have a designer in tow.
No wonder the stores are almost always empty.
Here's how you shop without a designer on retainer:  1.
Browse all the stores open to the public.
Make a note of what you're seriously interested in.
I'd recommend checking out Four Hands.
The stuff in there is really cool -- it's the kind of stuff you'd see in Restoration Hardware, Pottery Barn, etc, with an industrial edge.
Tell the store employee what you're interested but emphasize that you don't have a designer.
Ask them if someone at Las Vegas Design Center can help you (that's the interior designers on staff).
You can always avoid this step and just go directly to LVDC.
Tell one of the LVDC designers that you're interested in purchasing certain items.
The designer can decipher the price tags for you.
Usually, the designer can buy the items for half of the retail price.
She'll then charge you 20% of her cost for the item.
You'll then pay for shipping --this is not a cash and carry place.
Also, note, if you pay with a credit card, you'll be charged a fee.
Even after all these charges, I got the same type of coffee table sold at Restoration Hardware for half the price (Four Hands).
I also bought a crapload of really cool artwork, stuff you will not find ANYWHERE else in Las Vegas (Leftbank).
Once I had the designer helping me, purchasing everything was a snap.
**Please note that the designers at LVDC offer one hour of shopping assistance for free.
After that, you're paying for their time.
However, as I knew exactly what I wanted before I talked to the designer, it wasn't an issue for me.
I ended up getting some really cool artwork and furniture for a pretty low price.
They made money and I saved money, so, it's a win win.
I will definitely go back for some more shopping considering the quality and selection.
Don't be afraid to shop here, it's not so difficult after all!

I've been twice now and it is fun to walk around and look at the unique offerings.
However, the last time I went on a Monday and the place seemed deserted.
Only shops on the main floor were open and we only passed a handful of other customers.
Even though the number of showrooms was limited, there was still enough within those to see for a few hours.
These are the kinds of furniture and home decorations that you don't see in any standard home decor stores.

Come here when there is a show, you won't regret it!
It's huge and has everything you can think of as in home furnishings.
If you have a business acct or resale license you'll love this place.

Amazing place to go to for some ideas on interior decoration or to buy things for home and business as well.
Many great designer studios represented during the conventions they host.
Many floors where you can walk around and admire designs or meet with people from the industry and socialize and network.
Most of the showrooms close after the conventions but they have couple of permanent showrooms as well.
It's a very unusual part of Las Vegas this place, since I went there for the first time it's a favorite spot :)

This will get 2 stars from me simply because it's closed on Saturday.
I spent the day shopping for furniture & wanted to see some cool designs & get inspired.
How are you closed on a Saturday & only open Monday through Friday.
Unless theres something I'm missing about this place.
I will update my review when i return during the week.
But for now, meh you gets the 2 stars buddy!
lol

