So I went here for the Expose, PM Dawn, and All For One concert.
First of all, the tickets were $10; that was a plus.
I love the layout of this place.
The Pavilion is set up so that the first few rows in front of the stage are at an incline, and the rest fan out behind.
It made it look that we were probably about 15 rows from the stage.
It was pretty cool.
Aside from the gentleman about ten rows in front standing up the whole time with his arms in the air, it was a perfect view.
The performers just walked around after their set as if they were hanging out at a friends backyard.
It was very laxed and that made it even better.
I would definitely attend another performance here.

Likes : Big, Airy, Plenty of room to park, Adequate spacing between seats, Ability to see the stage even with someone standing in front of you  Dislikes : The fact that it is an outdoor venue especially with the unpredictable wind situations in Henderson/Las Vegas, Food vendors are not creative and food choices not too interesting, Lax security.
Sound system was average.
I can't ding the place for this but the crowd at the Sugar Ray Concert on April 29 was rather strange.
The 2 couples next to my group were definitely on something and extremely inappropriate.
No security personnel seemed to be around to handle the situation.
Also, toddlers were at this concert.
I find that rather ridiculous.
I'm not a fan, probably won't rush to be back and have serious misgivings about the crowd control/quality at this place.

Great outdoor venue, and a plus that You don't have to go through a casino.
Parking is pretty spacious and the seating is pretty standard, but you also have an option to sit on the lawn area, which is very far from the stage.
We came here for The Rock and Worship Roadshow which was a great concert featuring various Chistian music artists.
The sound system was pretty good, but as other reviews stated, security seemed lax as compared to other concert venues.
There are food vendors there, but we were smart enough to have lunch at Rice Trax (yet again!
) and their bentos were good enough to hold us over for dinner(you guessed it, Goyemon, yet again!
) If you like filling up on hot dogs, popcorn, and nachos, go ahead, knock yourself out...  Coolers, lawn chairs, and outside food not allowed in the venue...you have been warned...ALOHA!!!!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(186/365) "The Pavillion in Hendertucky"

WOW!
Came here for a rock and worship concert and was extremely pleased with this venue.
To be honest I had never know of this place until this concert and I cant wait to attend many more.
It is huge, clean and enhances any event!

I came to see a play last night, and I was very pleased with the facility.
Parking was easy and I didn't have too far to walk.
There are concessions and bathrooms near the box office so you can see get your snack fix if you want.
Being 95+ degrees when the show started at 7 PM, it was a little warm because the overhead canopy tends to keep the heat in longer rather than dissipating when the sun went down.
On the west side of the facility, there's an elevator for people who need to avoid steps.
The staff was very friendly and helpful and I was in my seat in no time.
This is a very nice venue and I will be back!

Great venue.
Just check out what is playing before you go...
It may he too hot depending on weather.

Looking like an extended tent hiding on a hill in Henderson is the Henderson Pavilion, which is a great outdoor venue for concerts and theater.
Henderson Pavilion hosts the Henderson Symphony Orchestra, various musical acts, and the occasional theater production.
The stage is set underground and you walk down concrete stairs to find a seat once you enter the place (or you can use the elevator).
The acoustics are excellent.
One of the things that makes it such a great venue is the grassy area towards the back.
If you're coming with children that want to run around or if you prefer to lay out in the grass, you can sit out on the lawn and still hear the music.
It's a great music venue.

I came here to volunteer to see what the Pavilion looked like and it didn't disappoint.
The facility is absolutely beautiful the grounds are super nice.
It is a great open air venue to listen to music.
I think it is way cheap for the quality of music it provided.
Jesse Cook was awesome!!!
My first time hearing his music but clearly will not be my last.
Look if you haven't been out to the Pavilion for an event my advice is run don't walk to see this gem.
I would love to see this place continue to grow and really live up to its full potential.
Can't wait to see Blues Traveler here.
Also a shout out to Diane she is super awesome and fantastic in how she treats the volunteer's!!

4.5 stars  What a great place to see a show or event!
The parking was super easy.
We were planning our night expecting to have to park over at GVR and walk but, to our surprise, parking was abundant and we didn't have to walk far.
The staff are so pleasant and helpful and the venue is spotless.
I loved the lawn area and there are some really nice views of Henderson when you get up there.
In the seating area, there is so much leg room between rows.
Only complaint - the stage seems almost too low.
There are plenty of concessions although I didn't stop by any of them so I can't speak on the prices.
Will definitely be back for shows in the future!

Saw Blues Traveler here on 5-17-13.
Have also seen a ballet here with the wife years ago.
I think your experience at the Pavilion largely depends on the weather, as is the case with most outdoor venues.
There is a canopy to protect from the rain, but it does allow the elements in.
My buddy and I parked at GVR since we planned on eating at Tides after.
The walk seems like it will be long, but it's really not.
That being said, the Pavilion has good parking right on site which I would have been fine using.
Like I said, since we knew we would end up at GVR, we started there.
The will call and entrance to the facility went quickly with friendly employees.
The seats are typical in size, but the aisles are much wider than other venues.
There's not as much crawling over people to get to and from your seat.
There really isn't a bad seat in the house as far as the stage is concerned.
The lawn is of course far away in spots, but the view isn't awful.
And, you can hear the sound well.
The night we went was cool and breezy, couldn't pick a better evening.
I'm sure it's brutal when it's hot, but if you catch the right evening, it's a very comfortable place to see a show.

First time at this place for a concert to see Blues Traveler on Friday and now that I know it's here it probably won't be my last time there.
Not a ton of seats, but there is a nice sized lawn area which is better for some concerts than the seats anyways.
In fact, we left our seats and hung out in the lawn for much of this concert.
The acoustics aren't spectacular, but you wouldn't expect so for a small open air venue that has a ticket price point of $15....I'll keep an eye out and see if anyone else I'd like to see comes through here, and if they do, I'll be there.

If it were possible to give this place a zero I would.
I have never been treated so poorly by event staff in my life.
I went to the Henderson Pavilion to see A Day to Remember's House Party Tour.
I purchased a VIP ticket for this event and all of us were told that we would be able to pick out our own seats.
After our visit with the band which ran smoothly we were instructed to pick our seats in the front section of the venue.
Everyone picked seats and sat down.
About a half hour later other concert goers began entering the venue and it became apparent that there was a problem with miscommunication between the tour managers and the venue.
All VIPs were given lawn seats...each of us paid $75 for our tickets while everyone else only paid $30.
Needless to say everyone was upset when the security staff told us to move and then forced us to move.
They acted like we were all being ridiculous for throwing a fit over being moved and when we complained to them they all said, "It's not my problem, now go.
" And when a group of us tried to see the venue manager he was miraculously unavailable to speak to us.
We had security guards tell us it wasn't the venue's fault, it was the tour manager's fault.
I don't care for people who operate their business by pointing fingers.
This was obviously a result of miscommunication on both sides.
A day to remember pulled through for us however and had a member of their staff work with the venue to get us seats.
Our seats were not in the front but I appreciated their effort to make us happy.
I hit up all of the members of the band on their instagram profiles and 2 of them got back to me right away informing me that they were working on the problem.
Henderson pavilion was a pretty venue and it was clean but their staff was downright rude, unprofessional, and disrespectful.
I will never go back.

this is a very nice Venue...open air..dress warm..bring a blanket..NO LAWN CHAIRS..PLEASE!!

