I guess I am unlike the other reviewers in that I LOVE the tart and now unfortunately they don't have it anymore.
Sniffle sniffle.
I will now have to go to Zoyo which is further away.

Our family has been to Yoasis Ahwatukee several times, each time they have not disappointed us!
There are 12 yummy flavors of all tastes and indulgences.
If that wasn't enough, there are over 50 toppings you can add to the delicious flavors!
Candies, fruits, sauces and the wonderful cheesecake bites!
Wow!
The staff has always been friendly.
Not as helpful, but then, it is self-serve.
They do a good job of keeping the place tidy with as many kids and child-like parents, myself included, that frequent their establishment.
I our visits have been better than some of the other reviewers.
Hopefully those reviews were read and changes made by Yoasis.
We look forward to visiting again!

Yoasis is set up like other self serve yogurt places but it also has a meeting room as well as patio seating.
The parking is excellent and the place is spotless.
They have a punch card for frequent patrons and I will admit that I am on my third punch card.
After nine purchases your 10th one is free.
Every flavor I have had has been excellent.
The topping selection is always clean and well organized.
This is a very popular spot for kids Fridays after school.
It is also very popular for families on the weekends.
Well air conditioned indoor seating is also very nice and it is very accessible for handicapped needs.

Enjoyed variety of exotic flavors...but it could use some normal flavors too.
Pricing for froyo pretty good compared to local competition.

Tasty frozen yogurt with extensive topping choices.
All of the yogurt is clearly marked as to its status - non dairy, fat free, low fat, sugar free, etc.
In a great location as there isn't much else this far out in Ahwatukee...

Sweet place.
Good yogurt, good mix ins.
I like how involved they are in the community  - they have a community bulletin board you should check out, and last time they had some crazy fundraiser.

I looooooove this place!!!
It has the most unique flavors and the best toppings.
Love the   "Boba".

Decent frozen yogurt here.
Nothing really special and prices are a bit high.
If you're in the Foothills and are looking for a fix, it's worth stopping by, but it's not worth going out of your way for.

flavors suck, managment sucks, there were kids eating like pigs, never again will i go there

A locally owned yogurt shop, with friendly staff and a wide range of flavors and toppings!
I especially like the sour apple + dulce de leche twist that makes it taste like a caramel apple!
They always seem to have a lot of fresh fruit toppings, and they have TOASTED coconut in addition to regular coconut!
(Never seen that at any other yogurt store before)  The price per oz is more than the average yogurt store, but its variety and proximity to my house keeps me coming back for more!

My husband and I just moved back to Ahwatukee and tried ALL the frozen yogurt places in the area!
Yoasis is by far and away the BEST and Cleanest location!
There are a TON of toppings there and the staff is great!

Its good, sometimes the topping options are stale/old.
Pistachio is the best flavor but comes and goes.
The kids working don't know most of the products as well.
But its down the street and easy to go to!

Found this place by chance because we live in the area.
It is now our favorite Fro Yo spot!
Nice family-owned feel.
There are always at least a dozen different flavors and this place definitely has the most toppings i've seen around other frozen yogurt places.
Love it!!

This place ROCKS!
I can say that as many times that I have visited, I have never had a bad experience.
There is always an amazing variety of flavors and toppings.
In fact more toppings than what I have seen at other local Fro Yo locations in the area.
New flavors are introduced weekly and there are always "stand-by" flavors available.
Additionally there are "dairy-free" options.
They have a loyalty stamp card, often have coupons, and utilize social media for specials.
I always feel welcomed when I walk in and I am able to sample flavors with sampling cups anytime.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!

This is a really good place to hang out and get frozen yogurt.
They have a nice variety of frozen yogurt flavors available, and a ton of toppings available to add.
My only reason for giving 4 stars instead of 5 is that they are kind of expensive as they charge by weight, so it is easy to rack up a $5 yogurt if you're not careful.

Yoasis is a great Mom and Pop froyo shop, and it's just what this part of "booniesville" Ahwatukee needed.
There aren't too many of them in this area, either, so it's nice not to have to support one of the giant chains nearby that aren't that great (Orange Leaf, Zoyo, etc.).
This is where I got my froyo fix while living here four years ago.
Now I only drop by if I'm house/dog sitting for my family ... Or had if I had some dental work done across the street like last night!
The flavors are always rich, creamy and delicious.
Multiple non dairy, sugar free and non fat options for everyone.
Not sure about gluten free, though.
The names are cute too: Cabo Cake Batter, Matzatlan Milk Chocolate, Manele Bay Mint, Riviera Red Velvet, etc.
I love when they bring back pumpkin spice around Halloween!
A while back we asked one of the employees if they make their product in house (like my favorite place in Tempe, Aloha Yogurt).
Turns out, it's mixes from cartons.
Bummer, dudes.
The place is consistently clean.
I just wish there was a little more variety of Boba, fruit, etc.
on the toppings bar since there's so much candy, syrups, cookies, cakes, cereals, etc.
Most recently I got their Non Dairy Pineapple with a splash of Pomegranate Sorbet and some fruit toppings.
Crackhead combo?
Yes.
Tasty?
Definitely!
Dude got a standby, Mint and Chocolate swirled.
Yoasis now also offers Gelato (haven't tried) and Yoghund yogurts for your fur children.
My dog, Halo, absolutely flips for these treats!
Little more pricey than other shops in the area at .43 per ounce.
Don't forget to get a punch card!
Give Yoasis a try, you won't regret it!

My go to spot for desert.
Just send one of the kids over and they'll pick it up for me.
Great atmosphere and family friendly.
The right attitude and we use the punch ticket coupon constantly.
They typically have two non dairy yogurts which is more than other yogurt shops in the area.
I of course prefer more non diary options but CE LA VIE!

Great flavor and options!
A little pricey but awesome for the summer :) Glad to have froyo down in this area.

I love lots of options and Yoasis has lots of options!
12 yogurts, endless fresh toppings, sauces like Nutella, Godiva chocolate and many more.
I wish they had this place when I was a kid.
I would have lost my marbles over it!
My husband loves the "recipes" for yogurt mixes and toppings that they provide.
They even have doggie frozen treats that my dogs go crazy over.
I love that it's a mom and pop place!
I wish there were more establishments like it.

