Well, low and behold, I had the wonderful opportunity to visit an urgent care facility last night.
I decided to Google search nearby clinics: this was the closest to my apartment and was opened the latest compared to other ones.
Initial impressions:    WHAT?!
They have a number AND they answer the phone with a LIVE person?!?!
NO WAY, THIS CAN'T BE!
It was nearly 7:30 pm when I first called.
The place was only open until 8 pm.
I asked if they were busy.
The woman said not at all.
Cool!
My five minute drive greeted me with a pleasantly new facility.
Everything was very open looking and clean; this place was in MUCH better condition than any other urgent care facility I had ever been to.
There was only one other couple in the place.
EVEN BETTER.
I was checked in, brought back in to my room, seen, and given a prescription (which was filled on site) all within 40 minutes!!!
I could not have asked for more!
I find myself wondering if it is always this slow or if I just ran in to a streak of luck for once in my life.
All of the staff was friendly and provided detailed explanations and information for all of my medical needs and concerns.
I will definitely return to this place when I need to visit an urgent care facility and will recommend it to my friends!

I have decided that this will now be my local go to Urgent Care facility when I am within visiting range.
I had been sick for about a week and a half and decided it was about time to get checked out for my problems.
I initially called my primary doctor and scheduled a 3 pm appointment, but by the time my boss told me to leave work it was only 12 pm.
I contemplated going home and sleeping for a few hours, but we all know how crappy it is to fall asleep and force yourself to roll out of bed again when you are sick.
With that in mind (and noticing the vacancy in the parking lot when I drove by) I decided to just stop at home, change in to jeans, and cancel my appointment at my doctor's office.
I know that this would result in me paying more money out of pocket, but an extra $25 bucks is worth it in terms of the time that I saved in the long run.
I pulled up, front row spot, checked in, and was in the back within 10 minutes!!!
Speed I tell ya!
There was only one other person in front of me.
Anytime I have been to my primary doctor, I wait nearly15-30 minutes in the waiting area after my scheduled appointment time just to be called back!!!
Ouch!
My vitals were taken, minimal questions asked, and again within 5 minutes the doctor was in.
All of my issues were dealt with promptly (not that having an ear infection in both ears and a sinus infection to top it off is that big of a deal, but hey!).
I was even able to pick up my meds from them in the lobby when I left.
None of that dropping off, waiting an hour or two, and having to pick back up at your local pharmacy.
Again, the staff was friendly as can be.
So, was the money worth it?
Absolutely.
Sometimes it is a matter of saving time, not money, and when you are sick it is all about the time.
I was in and out within 35 minutes and back at home ready to dose my meds.
Spending the few extra bucks seemed like the least of my concerns when considering the pain in the butt hassle I get from my primary doctor.

Great clinic, nice service.
Will definitely come back as my permanent urgent care.

I came home to my teenage son who was burning up with a fever.
He was so hot he couldn't even move.
He just lay there shaking red hot.
When medicine didn't help his fever, we put him in the car in search of an urgent care.
We walked into We Care 5 minutes before closing.
The lights were already out in the waiting area, but they welcomed us in.
They gave my son the best care and were able to get his fever down.
They prescribed him flu medication and he is feeling much better.
Thank you to everyone!

I finally decided it was time to go to see a doctor because I was so sick and of course it was on the weekend.
I went here and was blown away how clean it was and how welcoming the staff were.
The entire staff were very nice and truly seemed like they cared about me.
I was in and out in a very reasonable amount.
I had a chest xray done along with other lab work.
I highly recommend this place should you need an urgent care facility.

Good people

Clean, caring, and cool.
Dr. Sloan and his group are wonderful.
No doubt the place to go if you need urgent care.
I came in a 7pm.
Even though their office was closing they took the time to make sure I was good.
Never felt rushed, they answered all my questions.
Both the doctor and intern were awesome.
Just their personalities put my mind at ease and on the road to recovery.
They earned all 5 stars!!

I hate to disagree with other reviewers, but I must.
We have been to We Care on several occasions.
On one,  we were charged over $300 for a 5-minute session in which a nurse removed a cotton wick from my daughters ear.
When I called to complain, Dr. Sloan apologized and said the wrong code had been used.
In retrospective have to wonder if they were trying to pad their insurance payments.
Then last week I took my son in for strep throat.
The PA diagnosed him with strep, two ear infections, and a yeast infection in his mouth because a portion of his tongue was white.
When our pediatrician saw him two days later, he said he had never  had ear infections (they don't clear up in two days) and he had never had thrush, a yeast infection.
The PA had also given my son a steroid shot for swelling.
and I have to wonder if that too was incorto mrect.
The Med tech who checked us in was rude and callous toward my 10 year old son.
We won't be going back.

I visited We Care Urgent Care Center this afternoon (fri) because my doctor's office was closed and I had a medical problem that couldn't wait until Monday.
My experience was excellent.
The facility is clean and the staff friendly.
Dr. Sloan explained what the problem was and detailed the procedure necessary to make the pain go away.
His PA was awesome and had a great sense of humor that helped alleviate my anxiety.
I will definitely refer my friends and family should they be in an urgent care situation.

Very caring staff.
Came in with severe ear infection.
I was in so much pain crying and shaking.
Aside from providing immediate medicine and pain relief as well as prescriptions,  I was given a pillow and blanket and a dark room to lay down in until some of my pain subsided and I was able to calm down more.
Amber was even humming while she was giving me a shot for pain to try to comfort me.
I made me feel better!

This urgent care was pretty slow for as empty as they were, and the staff was not friendly (they were busy talking about apps for their cell phones and movies they had seen) and the PA spent all of about 2 minutes in the room with me.
I felt more like a burden to them than a patient.
I was able to start treatment a day earlier than going to my regular doc, but I don't know that I would classify it as "worth it," given the time and expense.
I won't return to this urgent care next time.

I come here a lot.
The wait never seems too bad.
It is nice when you just need to get something quick like antibiotics.
The facility is nice and clean.
The PA's seem knowledgeable and kind.
They want to help you.
If you can't get into your primary care doctor, and you aren' having an emergency check them out!

Great urgent care in Peoria.
The PA-C and MD that I have seen here on separate occasions were both more thorough than my primary care physician.
The wait to be seen is typically very short and the waiting area is comfortable and clean.
The lady in the billing department is very helpful and I feel that the prices are very reasonable for the complete nature of my visits here.

We got there late( 7:55 and they close at 8:00) they were kind enough to take my husband in.
Well they rushed us.
He had ear pain the nurse looked real quick and said it was swimmers ear.
He was in the most pain of his life.
They rushed us out gave  us a in house rx and we were on our way.
That night my husband had fever and bad pain.
I had to call again ask for them to give us the rx for the pain, and ask if the fever and pain was normal.
They said yes and that was it.
I called 2 more times differnt days with the same response, as he had the fever for 3 more days .
then finally they said it wasn't normal and he had to come in but pay 75 more dollars.
They we rude and not attentive to my husband.
We decided to go somewhere else instead and got real treatment.
I will never recommend this place to anyone.

I have been to this ugrent care a couple times and the staff is always friendly.
I really feel comfortable with Dr. Sloan and would recommend this urgent care to anyone that needs to be treated in a timely manner or after doctor office hours.

We've had to come here a few times for our little one.
They do a great job remembering their customers and with patient interaction.
The staff gives honest, helpful medical advice too.
The fish tank and little kids play area are also a plus.

I went here the other day after reading reviews because of past experiences with urgent care.
They got me in and out pretty quickly which is always nice, I was the first person there so that obviously helped.
However I didn't see an actual doctor which is the issue I always have.
The nurse diagnosed it as as a cold that turned into bronchitis and put me on a Z pak.
Only problem is I don't have bronchitis I have the flu.
High fever, nasal congestion, body aches, tight chest etc.
The Z pak isn't doing anything which it wouldn't on the flu and since it's been more than three days from my symptoms I just have to ride it out.
Definitely stinks, I was so bummed was hoping I had finally found a good urgent care.

I would have given this no stars if it was feasible.
I googled many Urgent Cares and chose to come to your establishment due to good reviews.
I woke up with a ton of congestion, an ear ache (on my right side), was coughing up little stinky yellow pellets, and last and the main reason because I cracked a tooth (upper left) and woke with an abbess with pain not tolerable.
I informed the vital person and the PA that I had my wisdom teeth previously removed and had taken a pain pill that I had left and it didn't do anything to quell my pain.
I also told them that I was using topical lidocaine and it wasn't helping either.
I was pretty desperate.
The problem is that I've haven't received my dental benefits yet.
I called my dentist and genuinely couldn't afford to see them for the preventative care and they also didn't have any availability to see me.
I do however have medical so they suggested going in to an urgent care.
So I did just that.
When the provider came in I told her all the issues I was having.
She didn't even bother looking at my mouth but rolled her eyes and told me there is nothing I can do for that, I'd have to see a dentist.
I told her I was told to go to urgent care because I couldn't afford that just yet.
I also proceeded to tell her that my right ear was hurting.
She then told me it didn't make much sense because it wasn't on the same side as my toothache.
I don't control my bodily functions nor my pain.
She just told me basically that she would give me an antibiotic for the viral infection I may have and it may help my tooth but I would have to see a dentist.
I spent the next 5 hours calling dentists in the valley as well as a dental finder service trying to get an appointment I couldn't afford anyway to see what I could do, as far as emergency walk in, or deferred payments.
Nobody could help me and they ALL suggested I go to urgent care.
They could not believe nothing was done for me.
I didn't bother getting the prescription your provider sent over because I actually had Augmenten left over from the accidental double script I had from my wisdom teeth removal.
It was the most cost effective thing for me to do being as I wasted $35 on this pointless visit.
I wouldn't be as disheartened if EVERY dentist office I spoke to hadn't referred me to urgent care.
It I truly just wanted to make this you aware of this PA. Everybody else at this establishment was amazing btw.
To top it off, I contacted the company through their website and they declined to even deliver a comment back.
I've told everybody I know NEVER to come here.
It's crap.

Avoid at all costs!!!!
First one person runs this clinic and another so when you think a couple of people are ahead of you really there could be 10.
Seems like malpractice waiting to happen to me for a physician to be running back and forth between two different offices but when asked if he hired help said he did which clearly isn't the case.
Waited a ridiculous amount of time.
Then was told by dr that the medications I was requesting were not used to treat my condition.
When in fact it's one of the most common.
This to me is scary.
But the most ridiculous part of my visit is when I complained about the wait to the dr, the office manager was talking badly about me as I left!!!
Then continued to argue with me about it.
The owner whom is the dr did not apologize for his staff acting this way!
But scoffed as I walked away also!!!
WOW!
Being a nurse myself this is not acceptable.
DO NOT GO HERE!!!!
EVER!

This is a great urgent care.
They don't have you waiting 3 hours.
The wait is very minimal.
The staff is kind.
The doctor was so helpful.
She explained everything that was going on and was so patient.
She took her time with us.
Hopefully I won't need a urgent care anytime soon but definitely will return to this one when I do!

