This place runs like a well-oiled machine.
I've done both the drive-thru and walked in on Friday mornings before work, and in both cases I've gotten super fast and friendly service, a yummy donut (chocolate frosted) and my coffee prepared just how I ordered it.
A little secret.. the drive thru even gives out doggie treats to your furry friends.

This is my favorite consistent cup of coffee.
Predictably tasty.

This place is absolutely terrible.
The donuts aren't bad...
I mean, hay, they're donuts.
However, the staff are the worst.
I think the general manager/store owner doesn't give a sh$^ about how the place is run.
I don't think I've ever got what I ordered.
Usually an ice coffee and 2 donuts.
Not difficult to get right.
What I usually get is an iced tea and different donuts then I asked for, or hot coffee and no donuts.
I've probably had every combination of screw ups.
I won't be coming back; I've discovered BoSa donuts and Coffee Rush, which are better and less expensive.

Great coffee.
Yummy food.
Friendly staff.
Super quick.
What more could you ask for?

I want to report a story.
Trigger warning: Audism  I went to Dunkin Donut using the drive thru to order my food and drink before going to work in the morning.
When I pulled up to the window, I gave the lady my list of what I wanted to order.
The lady told me to pull over and she will bring me my items.
I did as she requested me to.
When she came up to me, she gave me my items and a note.
I was appalled with her note: "Next time, it will be easier on everyone if you just come in and order your food.
" I told her that was not very appropriate because that is taking away my accessibility.
She just walked away.
I was upset, but I had to leave to work.
Few days later, I went there again using the drive thru.
I saw the same woman and did what I usually do: give the list of my order.
She rolled her eyes at me.
I said that was very rude of you to do that.
She told me to park my car, she will bring me the food.
I decided to park and go inside the building.
I wanted to explain to her why I felt so discriminated with her previous message.
She said" I am not breaking any laws here, just be considerate of others.
I read her message and shook my head.
She grabbed the note out of my hand and crumbled it and threw it in the trash inside the worker area.
The other workers and customers just STOOD there..
DOING NOTHING.
I was shocked..
I kept asking someone to serve me my food and to give me her name.
Someone finally came forward and gave me her name.
That lady, VERONICA, picked up the paper in the trash and put it in her pocket.
No one told her to do the right thing.
I was furious and hurt concurrently.
I want to report her, but I have no evidence, except for the workers there and perhaps a hidden camera.
I have reported to the Dunkin Donuts, but I feel that is not enough.

We waited for about 5 min before we were even greeted.
The place wasn't busy inside nor was the drive thru.
My daughter ordered a chocolate long john because that was what it was labeled as.
The girl getting had a bad attitude and said, "we don't have those".
Well whatever was labeled said chocolate long johns.
I'm not sure what the three people were doing behind the counter were doing, but it wasn't helping customers

It was a wonderful experience.
The closer Dunking to my home isn't very good.
But, this store was very clean, the employees were very friendly and all the donuts were very fresh and delicious.
Heidi, the cashier was very delightful and helpful.
She was very sweet and made the experience.
After driving to the closer store, just to find out they didn't have any Boston creme donuts, I called this store and they actually set aside a full dozen for me and they had 6 more when I arrived 15 mins later.
I will definitely return.
It was a wonderful experience.

As far as Dunkin Donut locations go, this one isn't bad however due to the sugar-free caramel taste I took off a star.
It tastes like melted plastic.
I only get sugar-free syrup and so far the vanilla is the only inoffensive one.
Too bad because I love caramel and other places have good sugar-free caramel.
Every once and a while I try the caramel just to see if they figured it out.

Horrible...every week there is a new employee and there is no consistency with how the drinks are made.
They are always out of the popular donuts, and that's usually by 8am.

