Really nice selection of affordable quality wines both international and stateside, huge beer selection, and Palermo's Pizza if you need some dinner.
Seriously, you gotta like that.
A clean and pleasant place that is locally owned.
Located in something of a small strip mall, right next to Summit CU at the corner of Sprecher and Cottage Grove Road.
It's much more spacious inside that you might expect.

This place is great for beer lovers.
If you are looking for a six-pack this is your place.
I wish they sold mini kegs.
I like that they are conveniently located on the corner nowhere near any other store.
It makes it nice for those of us that live on the edge of town.
I love that they have a private lot.
It is easy to get in and get out.
The place is clean and I never feel weird or scared walking in there at any hour.

They may offer a great selection of hard to get beers in the Madison area... but, they're really letting it get to their egos, very elitist.
I feel as though they are beginning to use the fact that they can get these beers that other liquor stores can't, to extort the beer lovers.
We just went in to grab a bottle of hard to get PseudoSue-- We weren't able to get it, unless we purchased a beer (that I assume they can't sell) we wouldn't drink.
I think that is BEYOND ridiculous.
To purchase this beer, I HAVE to buy something else, that I won't enjoy and DON'T want?
This reminds me of a certain brewery in Munster, IN...  You have what people want, and you use that to play a game with them.
Completely unfair.
Will NOT go back to this business.

This is the only Liquor store in the area.
the owner is personable, friendly and helpful and knowledgeable.
The selection of fine wines, small crafted beers, and if you can not find what you want, just ask, he will order it for you.
Only thing I can suggest is delivery service.
The store is clean , neat and very organized, The owner has done his homework.
Check it out, you will find hard to find fine wines to ready to pour cocktails and even whipped cream in a can with 80% alcohol.
Also you can put together your own 6 packs of beer, and single serving wines.
This is the best Liquor store I have ever been to, almost like a cheers kind of feel, very  friendly

