I finally decided to take the plunge and remove my ugliest tattoo.
Hilary Nance came highly recommended, and I quickly learned why.
She is very nice and really good at what she does.
Since I was really nervous, she explained how everything was going to work and made me feel comfortable.
Since I had such a great experience, I started having her do laser hair removal for me too.
I have had great results on both the tattoo and hair removal, and the prices are very reasonable.
I have been recommending Hilary to all of my friends and now I recommend her to you!

I have not had a great experience with this place whatsoever.
I bought a livingsocial deal for laser hair removal and decided to do my underarms.
My technician is never very friendly, and makes me feel almost uncomfortable at times.
After undergoing the laser 4 times, I have not seen ANY results.
I have been doing a brazilian laser hair removal at a different medspa and have had GREAT results, completely different from my experience at SSHH.
I'm not sure if the laser equipment at SSHH is inadequate or if the people don't know what they are doing, but I would NOT recommend this place.
You will be wasting your money!

I have read other people's reviews, and I was a bit surprised to hear that so many people had such a negative experience.
My lasar tech has been very helpful through the entire process.
She has always been attentive, and I saw definite results from the first day I went in for my Brazilian and armpit hair removal.
She said that everyone has different types of hair/skin, so each person will have a varying range of time in which the hair is completely gone.
Fortunately for me, I don't have thick hair (despite the fact that I am Asian) and perhaps this has helped me to get the results I wanted.

The new lasers are amazing!
I started going here for laser on my under arms and bikini with Kylie.
I've seen great results.
I also bought a six package deal.
I am just about complete with my package, and my laser tech told me up front that it would take much more than the six treatments because hair grows at different rates.
They have new lasers now and I'm seeing much better results.
I don't expect to go to too many more treatments!
I love this place.
They have appts on Saturdays too.
I'm thinking about my next service, maybe botox.
They have so much to offer.

Don't spend your money here!
I should have researched this place before wasting my money on fillers and Botox here.
Horrible job.. Would not recommend.

I have always loved my experiences here.
Stephanie and her staff are knowledgable and they're priced competitively, and I have always received friendly and prompt service, they were my first experience with laser and botox and even juvederm.

I've had  Botox and fillers and am extremely pleased with the results and the service.
I'm a nervous person but the very helpful and friendly staff  put me at ease

Lacey is excellent!
So professional and friendly.
My skin has never looked better after her IPL's.

Kim is fantastic!
She is so friendly and genuinely cares about you being happy with the results.
I can't wait to go back and see her for another derma-plane and glycolic peel.
My face feels and looks amazing!

Love this place!
Cara did a photofacial to get rid of the brown spots on my face from sun damage.
It was very quick and painless and the results are awesome!
Also did several treatments of laser hair removal on my underarms and very pleased with the results.
Definitely recommend this place to everyone!!

