I consigned a $40k class vehicle at the last minute for the 2010 Monterey Car Show.
The staff was very helpful and professional, did all dealings over the phone.
1st time consignment fee was $900 for me.
If the car sold, another 10% of the auction price went to the dealer.
It is not cheap to do this event.
Consider it entertainment, not a smart way to sell a car.
Good luck finding a junk motel for less than $200 per night.
I stayed Saturday night only for the show.
I drove in very early, middle of the week, the team was just setting up.
I had to leave the car for three days before returning for the auction.
You should have seen the guys unloading cars from semi trucks transports, what a mess.
I saw a dozen damaged cars in a very short time of looking around!
Glad I drove in!
The transport companies were the expensive ones too!
The entire show was reasonably well organized.
I was not happy with my car showing for auction Thursday night, no one was there!
The dang show had not started yet, people were still in route to the show!
R&S had too many cars and expanded back to Thursday.
I should have rejected the Thursday showing date.
Apparently R&S had not done this Thursday auction at Monterey before, why did this happen to me?To make things worse, my car rolled through almost last, near 11pm.
Bidding was a joke, it was a vulture fest, these guys were picking off the financially weak and desperate.
There was no high value bidding going on, I mean zero!
The crowd was full of shady used car dealers and predators.
I was not comfortable in this crowd.
I bet less than 10% of the cars up for auction sold.
Of the ones that did sell, I bet 1 in 20 got the asking price or higher.
I was horrified!
This is not what I signed up for.
Is the economy that bad, holy crap!
The auction was well executed and clear, the real buyers just never showed up!
The auctioneers were holding a good face, but I could tell they were frustrated, and longing for a repeat of 2007 style action.
Party is over people, the bottom has fallen out of the classic car market.
Only museum quality stuff is holding value.
I was not happy with the multiple garage arrangement showing consigned cars.
I was angry with being on the top of the farthest parking garage from the hotel and show!
5 blocks away, up three flights of stairs?!?!
Top level, exposed to the environment?!??!
I paid $900 for this!
No kidding, my car was soaked in sea spray and seagull crap every night.
I had no idea this was where they parked my car after Monday drop off, until I came back Thursday.
I never park my car in conditions like this, Russo and Steele should know better.
At least they could ask owners to provide car covers for their crew to install.
Mine was in the back seat, no one bothered to do me a favor.
You apparently have to pay a attendant to keep your car clean.
My car arrived clean, and should stay clean, no need for damn attendant.
The prime garage was 3 blocks down from the hotel, and had good foot traffic, at peak flow Saturday, I bet it was 1000 people per hour.
Peak foot traffic  in the remote garage, 3 floors up, was max 200 people per hour on Saturday.
The crowd seemed to be very stuck up, California Elite, Golf Club crowd, not really my kind of people.
It was entertaining, but not good old boy territory, I felt out of place.
I really needed to sell my car!
I enjoyed participating in a classy event, say I did it once, but never again.
I should have just attended, left the car at home, and laughed at guys worring about their cars.
I can sell my car online or at a county fair car show and get as much as these guys.
If your car has a historical significance, ultra low production rate, and documentation that would make a lawyer proud, this might be the show for you.
Anything less, even if it is a stunning beauty, should stay away!

As a professional car builder and customizer, we expect to produce the best possible product for our customers.
We recently had 2 experiences with the team at Russo and Steele which led us to decide we simply cannot do business with them any longer.
Our first experience was in Monterey in 2012.
To make a long story short the cars were stored outside by the harbor and not under tents.
Our car was bombed by seagulls, and to be honest, the amount of foot traffic that our car received was minimal.
During the auction, almost all the no-reserve cars went for much lower than I would have expected, and the lots that sold most were the European marks.
Not really something that you would expect from a company that prides itself on American Muscle and hotrods.
Our car failed to meet its reserve, so we brought it back home.
Looking at the other results from Monterey, it appeared that none of the american car auction companies had a great experience (Perhaps RM excluded)....so we decided to take another shot at the 2013 Scottsdale auction which had a much larger and more diverse catalog of vehicles.
While all the cars were under tents, they were parked on gravel leading to a constant dust covering on the vehicles.
One of their patrons even took their finger to the trunk of my 60K hot rod and wrote the words WASH ME...real class.
The main issue that we experienced....as did many many many of the other sellers that we spoke to, was a real lack of qualified buyers in the auction.
No reserve lots went for incredibly small amounts and many many of the reserve lots did not sell.
By the time one of our newest builds (a 1954 3100 pickup) which had been selling all day long for 33 over at the Barrett Jackson auction, there were no bidders in the house and we barely made our "reasonable" reserve of 24000 (actually 23000 with a lowered commission which made my take the same).
In the end, we cannot recommend Russo and Steele unless you are looking to buy cheap or just dump your classic car to spite your soon to be ex.
They just don't have the pull to bring in the qualified buyers who are all over at the Barrett auction it would appear.
We expected our take for 3 vehicles to be in the neighborhood of 100K and went home with 55K.
I'm not greedy, but this is my business.
I produced 3 lovely cars for this event.
Their job is to bring together qualified buyers and sellers.
And from the catalog I saw, they know how to find suckers willing to sell their cars, but they absolutely suck at bringing the money to the room.
On the customer service side....They work well with you through the consignment process and are very helpful....but in the end, you need to bring the money to the sellers and that they did not do.

It's not quite refined of an experience as Barrett Jackson.
They need better ventilation in the auction lane or they need to keep the people from hitting the throttle on the way in.

Absolutely Horrific Experience!!!!
Went to the Newport Dunes auction with my elderly and handicapped parents.
We're told that they could access the site in their golf cart to view the cars (NOTE:  we asked twice if this would be ok-and we're assured it was fine).
Paid $20.00 each to look at the cars, and after an hour or so, my parents started to get tired and wanted to take a break and return later.
As we were leaving, we were informed that the golfcart (and my handicapped parents who rely on the golfcart to get around) would not be allowed to return to the auction.
My elderly parents were very upset by what seemed to be a clear violation of ADA laws allowing equal access to handicapped persons  (there was no offer of other alternatives-wheel chairs, etc.).
When we then asked for their money to be refunded, due to the fact that they were in essence being kicked out of the auction area, we were told by the Russo and Steele representative (James R.) that Russo and Steele does NOT refund admission fees under any circumstances!!
When confronted with the issue of ADA compliance, he was patronizing, rude, and cavalier in his responses, and staunchly refused to work with us!!!
Absolutely reprehensible behavior, horrific treatment of my 84 and 82 year old parents, and abysmal customer service!!
A company that would condone this reprehensible treatment of elderly and handicapped people , and employ  such insensitive and unprofessional employees is not the sort of company that any person of class would even consider doing business with!!
Do NOT support this company or their auctions!!!!
We will NEVER again deal with Russo and Steele, and would encourage anyone who reads this to take your business elsewhere!!

How can you advertise your event is open until 4, allow me to purchase tickets online the day of the show, and then when I show up at 2 tell me you decided to close early?
This is why no one goes to Russo and everyone goes to Barrett Jackson.

As an auction house, Russo and Steele is on their way out for 2 main reasons 1) customer service and 2) sales.
Do not expect to receive any sort of decent customer service for consigning your vehicle- whether it's 5k or 500k.
You're titles, purchases and no sales- will be held hostage for a minimum of a month with no exceptions.
You will get nickel and dimed with fees.
They will act like they have a deal on your car and then nothing will materialize.
They will barely make eye contact with you when it is all said and done.
Maybe the lack of customer service could be made up for will sales, but the truth of the matter is that they are not able to bring in buyers to their sale.
You have a very small chance of getting even a bid on your vehicle let alone selling it for a reasonable price.
Overall, the company needs to seriously reconsider their practices if they expect to survive.

I've been meaning to write this for awhile...My family and I attended the Russo & Steele auction in January (2014)  in Scottsdale while we were visiting family.
We went there to see the cars and my husband ended up becoming a registered bidder.
Although we were out bid on the two cars we liked,  the process was exciting and fun.
The  staff was courteous and helpful as we were first timers.
We will attend the event again given the opportunity works with our travel schedules.

NB  First i should say that i fell victim to the old cliche--- fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on me.
Last year I was approached by R&S to put my T bird in their Monterey  Auction.
Drove the car up 400 miles to do so.
They had the  cars parked in an open "secure" lot right on the water making them a prime target for the  seagulls.
During the auction i noticed that the length of time and the enthusiasm of the  auctioneer seemed to vary by the car.
My car went thru on Saturday at about 7:30 which should have been a good time period.
I was not real impressed as to the way  it was  represented and less so when the auctioneer started the bids at ZERO.
The car did not sell, so on Sunday I checked out the car and then  went to pick up my keys and  leave.
The  hood latch cable was broken, leaving me no way to open the hood, the gas cap key which was in R&S's possession was lost, this on  a car that I  had to drive  400 miles back to home.
and worse there were scratches on the trunk lid.
When i pointed this out to the  R&S rep I was told they  took no responsibility for any damage.
I was offered to put any one of my  cars in their Newport Beach Auction with no up front fees.
Unfortunately there was a problem with the VIN, this on a  car that I  am the 2nd owner of  and have owned since 1968, so my car was not in the auction,not their fault.
I had press passes and was writing the auction up for  a automotive magazine so my wife and I went anyway.
The demeaner of the staff was pretty  much the same as I encountered in Monterey and it appeared that there were a lot of cars  in the lot  that had not sold.
When I got home I did  a bit more checking via  the internet and found out that  in 2010 they  had the   experience of having their tent blow down damaging a lot of the vehicles.
More  checking  found  that  at the Monterey 2013 Auction they had a 1961 Chevy Impala matching numbers Impala stolen from their Secure parking lot.
I been to a few  other auctions and my take is Barrett Jackson is Big Time lot of cars good buyers great vendors and very professional.
R&M  which is were I bought my 61 T Bird is the same as B. J.
Not quite as big a BJ but for  me seemed to have a excellent connection with their buyer and sellers.
BJ and R&M both  seemed  to have more motivated  buyers and  a better grasp of the money involved.
The Winter 2013 Hagerty Magazine has the Monterey Auction results: RM 88% sold, with an average sale price of $1.8Mil.
Gooding & Company 91% sold, Mecum 51% sold, Bonhams 84% sold and then Russo and Steele 41% sold with an average sale price of $88,514  The bottom  line for me is that I  will never again participate in  a Russo and  Steele auction.

