Pretty good food for a sports bar.
Excellent happy hour from 2-7 everyday!
$2-$3 draft beers and $3 Smirnoff Jack and Bacardi.

Great food for a sports bar!
Cheap drinks, great wings.. Im a fan!

Great happy hour beer prices and app specials!
Killer pizza!
Good folks.

The food isn't bad, or good.
Same with the atmosphere.
It's a shame because I would love to have a favorite hangout close to home.
Fat Willy's has potential but needs to do something to create a "wow factor".

The best ribs & wings!
The absolute best burgers!!
& The BEST SERVICE, all the server's & bartenders were great, very friendly.
Went in monday it was 5 dollar burger deal going on all day, any burger $5, I grabbed the port wine burger, very good!
you do have to purchase a drink to get the deal but that's alright.. We came in the next day and got our girl Jenn G, she is great!
and made the BEST drinks as well you can tell she's been slingin drinks for quite a while she's awesome, not to mention fun & FUNNY as all hell.
any way this time I had the ribs & fries very flavorful, my girlfriend had the regular wings in some honey hot, again very good!
the rest of our group grabbed the boneless wings in parmy garlic and a mango (something) I think mango habanero it had a kick to it, but they were bomb!
soo good.
Also they have the best ranch!
The only thing I would say is the food this time took a little long (20 min) but we could see they were busy.
Great selection of beers and there happy hour is the best I've seen for a while, let me emphasize that, THE BEST !!
The service there is great in general!
It's such a laid back friendly & fun place to chill with your family or friends!!

Love the cold beer and happy hour prices  NOT so in love with food.

You make my Willy fat By The Rue  Late night kickball games on Friday night,  Done at 11 and need to grab a bite,  Reverse happy hour is what I'm thinkin', Escape to Fat Willy's like Snake Plissken.
Appetizers and drink specials from ten - close, Wanna get my buzz on and check out some ho's, Nachos and wings were just five bucks each, Got a $3 32 oz.
beer I didn't slur my speach.
The nachos were loaded and quite delicious, Getting stared at by that girl made me suspicious, Maybe she wants me to give her a lick, Na, pretty sure she's looking to turn a trick.
The wings here are even good at this hour, No one trying to sell you a flower, I might make this a regular stop, Need to work on getting those panties to drop.
Thudercat!

Love this place!
Excellent weekend happy hour and game day specials.
Great service- waitress Jessica was excellent during busy dinner rush.
Friendly , efficient & great food!
Will definitely be coming back.

Not all that impressive, as it approaches dive-bar status without having any of the charm and personality of a dive bar.
About the best that can be said of it is that if you just want to get sloshed at happy hour with your friends while watching sports, it's probably cheap and easy to do so.
The beer selection is pretty poor, and it should be a crime to have Guinness on tap without the bartender knowing how to draw a proper pint.
They come out with either 1/2 of head or 7 inches of head.
Blech.
The biggest issue I noted is that everything is pretty dirty.
They brought us to a table that hadn't been wiped down, and then pulled the trick where they ask you to sit down and then proceed to wipe all the debris off the table, half of which falls in your lap.
The seats and other things in the bar are in dire need of a deep cleaning.
Despite cheap beer and decent service, you just don't want to sit and drink very long in a dirty establishment.

EXCELLENT food---Pot Roast melt will knock your socks off, so will the Pulled Pork Sliders.
I was very impressed, however, the music was so loud we had to ask them to tone it down a bit so we could hear each other talk.
They obliged.
Service was great, food outstanding.

2nd visit to this establishment....ordered the pot roast sandwich.
The bread was dripping in grease.
The "chunks" of pot roast in the sandwich were huge.
too big even for a man.
So I took them out to cut them up.
Had to saw thru them with the regular knife,  there was so much fat and gristle,,,eek!
was horrible.
The waitress had no emotions whatsoever,  she never came back to table after we were served.
When she came to bring the check I told her about the pot roast and showed her the huge inedible pieces with fat and gristle.
She grabbed the check off the table and left.
She came back about 5 min.
later and "slapped" the check down and walked away, not even a word.
We found that my entree had been removed.
Also.....I will never go back just because of the dirt we noted on the window sills and blinds, they were filthy!!

Went on Sunday, 2 football games on TV.
One being a Arizona cardinals game.
Place was half full....why?
The food was terrible.
Example, jalapeño poppers made with red peppers and the dip was sweet and sour sauce.
Not very appetizing!
Good thing happy hour is seven days a week, but don't go if you are hungry

Friendly Service but food is not so good.
Had the California Omelet had way to much bacon and they skipped the avocado.

The first time we tried the restaurant was on a Saturday at lunch and the patio hadn't been cleaned from Friday night with dishes still on the tables.
The happy hour beer selection is excellent and the pizza is pretty good but unfortunately, they failed our number one bar food test, the nacho test!
Their nachos are quite possibly the worst we've ever had.
Don't be fooled by the 'queso' description on the menu, the queso is simply a small lump of slightly warmed cheese sauce plunked on top of a bowl of cold dry chips and completely flavorless ground beef.
Lastly, we are big fans of eating outdoors this time of year and but unfortunately, the small patio is used as the smoking section for the restaurant so it is thick with cigarette smoke making it a nasty experience.
Because the servers are always pleasant and the happy hour beer prices are good we may be back for a beer, but it won't be the local dinner spot we'd hoped it would be.

The food is ok. Kind standard for a sports bar but it's was fine.
This is a great place to grab a beer and watch a game.

How do you not have Coors Light.
2nd time in a year that they have been out of it.
Shame on who does y the buying.
Burgers are good tho.

Came here for breakfast.
Dad told me that the breakfast is rockin'.
However when my food came out to me it was cold...I ordered the biscuits and gravy expecting it to be better than what I can make at home.
It was so cold that I had a film over the gravy, so when I told my server who was super nice and great, she brought it back to the cook.
Now, what you're supposed to do is give the customer an entirely new plate.
I was given back the same plate with cold eggs burnt bacon and the same biscuits and gravy with just more hot gravy poured on top, which of course just cooled the new gravy.
I would suggest not coming here if you're looking for that meal.
And to watch out for cold food that is not properly given back to you.
The two stars they have goes to the service.
You guys are the meat and potatoes of this joint and you rock.
The cooks...not so much.

Kitchen backed up with an hour wait and definitely not worth it when it came.
Potatoes microwaved and rubber.
Lots of waitress motion carrying nothing and long delay to get another round.
All this when the place wasnt half filled.
One on our party didnt get food until the rest of us were nearly done..

filthy with apathetic staff and cold food.
you probably could catch an std there, too.

Service is terrible.
Rude staff.
Hey bartender, maybe check the patio once in awhile?

FREAKIN LOVE THIS PLACE.
$5 burgers on Mondays.
Bomb breakfast skillets.
Good happy hour prices.
And very friendly staff.
Place looks a little dirty but all the food I've ordered is tasty.
Their southwestern egg rolls taste fresh.
Pretzel bites are soft and wings are tasty.
The "bruschetta" is kind of a joke though.
It's just super buttered slice of white bread with tomatoes on it.
But the rest of the appetizers are good.
They have amazing Pizza however.
Place is small and gets crowded at times.
But they have fun events including trivia and karaoke on certain days.
And plenty of TV's to watch the game too.
And the hidden treat, they have really good desserts.
Soft hot brownies and these little fried rolls with ice cream and caramel.

