A good group who are very helpful!
The lines move fast and everything is setup so when you walk in you can pickup boxes as you wait.
Very easy and well thought out!

A great group who I have found to be very helpful!

I would think this Post Office would be more together considering it is in the middle of a major industrial and business area.
There's also a massive amount of retail in the immediate area.
But it's always slammed and It just feels like a massive chore every time I stop in.
One of automative postal machines always seems to be down, or the package box won't open, or the mail box inside is jammed.
Also, I was hoping to open at box here at one time, but all boxes are unavailable.
Here's a neat idea for the struggling US Postal Services; IF YOU'RE CONSTANTLY SOLD OUT OF BOXES, INSTALL MORE!
On a positive note; Since it's a block from the major road, it's easy to get in and out, if you're just dropping off a letter in one of the drive up boxes.

Customer service is good once you make it to the front of the line.
The line is always super long, almost all day long but worse at noon and towards the end of the day!
There is a self help area but there is a line for this too!
When they're slammed, the little self help kiosk runs out of supplies and I've had to ask for a replenishment once.
However, once you get to a rep, they're always super friendly and super helpful.
So what is the problem???
Maybe they need more reps?
Maybe a special line for minor stuff?
Hmmmm... concept people, concept...

So it's the post office, a service we all need at one point or another.
You'll most likely have to wait in line, pay more than you want, and have your boxes get busted in transit.
This is the reality.
Deal with it.
The gentleman who assisted me was very friendly!
Take that, bah-humbugs!

Went in on a Saturday before Christmas (busy season) and they only had 2 people working out of 6 windows?!
Long line and it moved very slow.
No wonder the Post Office is in financial trouble, their customer service is no bueno.
Return Factor - 10%

This location is always busy and unkempt and dirty.
I usually plan to wait for 15 minutes when I go here.
It's also very hard to find, so familiarize yourself with a map (or use google maps every time like I do)   I try to use the location on Scottsdale & Williams as much as possible for an overall better experience.
It's located here:  7339 E Williams Dr Scottsdale, AZ 85255

I came here to pay for a new mailbox key for work on a Friday at 9:30am.
The line was almost out the door and there was only one woman working.
A man in front of me kept asking her if anyone else was coming to help her and she kept telling him she requested backup.
The man continually asked her and she kept saying if "the boss" was in, other employees would be up front helping her.
The man offered to call her boss and asked for the post office's phone number.
She ignored him, so I helpfully used Yelp to find the phone number for him.
As he called the number, we could hear it continuously ringing in the back office as no one picked up.
A few minutes passed and finally another employee came out to help.
The line didn't move much faster, but once I had finished the paperwork and paid, the employee who helped me put up a "closed window" sign and disappeared in the back much to the dismay of other customers waiting in line.
I have been to this specific post office several times and I have never been in and out.
There always seems to be a lengthy line and I wind up waiting 30 minutes or more.
I've experienced this type of waiting no matter which post office I go to and no matter which time of the day I go.
I wish I knew the secret time/day to get in and out of the post office painlessly!

Never super busy when I go in.
Great accessible location .... Plus TWO apc machines in the walk in.
Winning.

I think this was the first post office I've ever been to where there wasn't a line and multiple people were working!

Go early so you don't have to wait in line for anything.
Try to stay away from here for all holidays and tax day.

I usually avoid the Post Office, for good reason.
Take the latest trip, for example.
I go into this location to send two small items out of state, and I didn't want to travel all the way over to FedEx just to send a thimbleful of goods.
My mistake.
It won't happen again.
Unfortunately, I didn't have a box or tape on me, so I used one of the Post Office's teeny-weeny little boxes and some of their tape  to package up my items.
It turns out the box is $2.65.
You'd think I was buying a box big enough to hold a refrigerator, not one closer to the size of a thimble.
And guess what?
That tape I used, which the Post Office so generously provided, is "priority tape.
" That's right, "priority tape.
" They don't tell you that when you borrow the tape, and of course they don't have any other tape for customers, so now I can either ship the 1 oz.
thimble-sized box for $9.68 or redo the whole thing just to save a few bucks.
I ate it.
But I hope no one affiliated with the U.S. Post Office ever wonders why we don't want to do business with you.
This is how you treat us?
But this is typical of any outfit that isn't really accountable to the customers.
Me, I hope to never set foot in the place again, but I doubt that will happen.
Which is why they can get away with charging $9.68 to ship a 1 oz box the size of a thimble with fancy-schmancy "priority tape" on it.

This is the only post office I've ever been to that has friendly employees!
I had to see two different employees and they were both really nice and actually smiling!
I def recommend this Post Office.
I was here around 10am and I didn't have to wait at all, both times.

Good location.
Way less busy than the main branch on Scottsdale Road.
I am always  in and out very quickly.

I cannot stand this post office.
Granted, post offices are always a hassle and a pain to deal with but this one is worse than others I've visited.
I ship packages a lot and have two locations approximately the same distance from me.
The one on Via De Ventura is much more satisfactory but unfortunately, this one is "assigned" to me.
Now I know the post office makes a lot stupid rules but by far one of the most idiotic ones is that they won't allow dogs in here because... gee no reason.
Im certain that there's no food anywhere in the area or anything that would be affected by animals.
It's just a bunch of big beat up packages and letters.
Even just staying in the lobby and utilizing the automated machine is part of the barred zone.
One of my friends went in with me for a 1 minute package pick up and she brought her little chihuhua.
He's super friendly and never barks (practically mute), but a fat, rude lady employee approached us seriously intent on not allowing the little guy in.
He was even 90 percent concealed in a bag.
She rudely told us the nonsensical rule and refused to lend out a pen (that you'd think was her childhood toy from how quickly she defended possession of it).
I rarely ever go here during business hours since they have automated machines to use at night and are always busy in the day; It's apparent that I was right not to because of the awful employees.
She was extremely unpleasant.
They all run the line as slow as possible too.
I watched them during other pick up errands and can see that they take pride in being slow and taking their time so that patrons wait and the line builds.
Why bother mentioning a dumb rule when I was just there for a quick pick up?
It would be better to focus on the atrocious service and slow workers.
I wouldn't have bothered coming in except that they were holding my packages.
Not only that, but I am constantly having to pick up packages that supposedly we didn't answer the door for.
But I KNOW our postal carrier doesn't bother going to the door because someone is always home around the time he stops by.
He is simply to eager not to do his job and get out of his precious truck.
The worker simply puts one of those notecard size notices with the rest of our mail so that we're forced to to come into this unpleasant location...

Fast service, in and out in less than 5 minutes.

The absolute RUDEST postal employees I have ever encountered!
Not helpful and overall not nice people!

Not that post offices ever have friendly, helpful employees..
But this one takes the cake.
An older blonde lady was so rude, unfriendly.
I had a simple box to send and it apparently wasn't taped correctly..
So I was advised that I would need to purchase a whole roll of tape to tape it better in order to send it.
Understandable in some cases... but the way she want about it was horrible customer service.
Also, there was a woman in front of me who stood there for 5 minutes while 3 employees walked around and never acknowledged her.

