Seven of us ladies went shopping at Patty's closet and ended up next door having all kinds of treatments done!
What a fantastic gem of a place!
We walked out with tans, waxed eybrows, Brazilian waxes, cupcakes, great conversation, candles, makeup, and most importantly feeling beautiful!!!
All the young women working there are simply magnificent...they know what they're doing and do it well!
Can't wait 'til our next trip out to Vegas where we now know where to be pampered!!

I went to Las Vegas with pale white legs and bushy eyebrows, but left Las Vegas with sleek tanned legs and beautifully trimmed eyebrows, thanks to Vanity Flair.
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about women's beauty needs.
I definitely recommend this business to any woman who is looking for a pampering experience.
This will be one of my first stops the next time I'm in Vegas.

I cannot recommend this place highly enough!
I wanted to get a Brazilian wax and found Vanity Flair via Yelp.
I had an appointment with Alana, one of the owners, and she was very attentive and professional.
I had never had a wax before, not even brows, and was a little nervous, but Alana put me at ease.
It didn't hurt, only a little startling at times, but overall a great experience!
I definitely will keep coming to Vanity Flair to get my waxing done from now on.
Thank you Alana for making my first experience a pleasant one!

Vanity Flair is very clean, has friendly staff, and overall A+ place.
I went to this place because I saw very good reviews on Yelp and would definiltey recommend it to anyone in the Las Vegas area who's not looking to spend a fortune on Las Vegas strip.
I went to Stacy for waxing and she was so knowledgeable, fast, extremely courteous, and talks you through the whole procedure.
They use the hard wax for more sensitive areas, which I like more than strips.
Since this was my first time back in awhile they sprayed me with numbing spray which helped tremendously.
Thank you thank you Vanity Flair!

This is the second place that I've been to since I moved here, I WAS a regular at "another place"... Not anymore!!!
What I like about this place is that: 1.
They remember who you are.
I've been going to this "other place" since they opened (BOTH locations and back in the original city they opened too!
) and they can never seem to remember who I am each time I come in for their "specialty"...
So much for loyalty.
They offer incentives for return customers (unlike the "other place").
EVERY hair was removed... No stragglers, unlike-- the above mentioned.
As far as I can tell, their price will not increase with every other visit made, unlike-- I think you get my drift...  My Esthetician on my last visit was Bilyana, sweetheart!
I came in for hair removal and she educates you and is very thorough... Every hair was removed, the above mentioned led me to believe that I had stragglers due to the texture of my hair... WTH?
Then how is Bilyana able to get the job done right?!
And with each "swipe" of hair removed, she applied this oil that was supposed to smooth the skin and lessen the inflammation.
I LOVE this place...
I'm thinking about docking stars of off the other place because of what I mentioned.
The "other place" is real nice, don't get me wrong, but this place blows them out of the water in price, customer service and the quality of their work.
Everyday, they have different specials, call them and ask!
Found my new place.

I had "The Max" peel treatment on Friday.
I enjoyed the peel very much and the consistent information that was provided through the entire process.
I have a tendency to like a stronger peel but we did this one because it was different and I hadnt had one like this one before.
Honestly, I havent started to peel yet and I doubt that I will but I enjoyed the peel treatment and I will be going back to follow up with something stronger.
Great Customer Service Very Knowledgeable Reasonable Flexible Scheduling

Wonderful experience: I had the organic fruit peel (I had a Groupon for it).
Despite my being late, Stacey took me in right away, and treated me professionally, kindly, and efficiently.
My face looked great then and even better now.
It was refreshing to have someone explain what was going on but not blather on constantly.
I thought she was just great and purhased 2 recommended products (very reasonably priced) because I trusted her.
I'll go back next time I'm in Vegas.

I moved here from So.
Cal and have been scared to get my eyebrows done by anyone but my usual girl, but I was desperate to get rid of my bushy brows.
I yelped places around my house and it was between Vanity Flair and Love to Wax.
Love to wax had NO appointments open, Vanity Flair did!
I'm glad I went here.
The place is very cute!
It is kind of hard to find--it is right next to patty's closet in the Smith's shopping center (all the way at the NORTH END).
They were so so nice!
Very friendly, made me feel right at home, talked to me like they knew me for years.
Liliana (i think that was her name) did my wax.
She asked me what I wanted and was wonderful!
She has a very gentle touch and is very meticulous!!
She wanted to make sure they were perfect!
and they were!!
She makes sure you like them before you leave and will fix whatever you want to change!
She offers both soft and hard wax, if you have sensitive skin.
The best part was--it is HALF OFF ALL WAXES on FRIDAY OR SATURDAY!!
It was only $10 for an eyebrow wax!!
I think I will try a facial next time!
I highly recommend, especially if you are worried about trying a new eyebrow waxer!

