Apparently Elvis got married at Planet Hollywood back when it was the Aladdin Hotel...I guess me and Elvis have something in common.
I got married here yesterday on 10.10.10 (totally original date, huh?
) and they did an amazing job.
They were in constant contact before the ceremony and they day of they were professional and amazingly helpful.
They even worked with us after we found out that the reservation we made was not actually for the chapel but for another room.
On such a busy day they actually added another spot in the morning to make sure we were getting married in the location we originally thought we were.
I am 100 percent happy with how magical they helped make my once in a lifetime day.
:0)

Had my wedding on Sept 1st at 4pm.. My wedding coordinator Erin, was amazing!
She went the extra mile with every detail and made me feel like the only wedding she even cared about (although I am sure she had several others the very same day) The chapel is stunning, the minister is like a movie star and made me feel like he cared about us and our ceremony.
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a beautiful setting, an amazing staff and a perfect wedding.

I waited until the last minute, (2 months before) to plan my wedding.
I had never been to any chapels in Vegas and put my trust in the internet to find the best one.
From the first e-mail, the people at the planet hollywood chapel made the whole experience so easy.
They had everything ready for me from flowers to photography, even our room came in our package.
They were all so nice and everything turned out beautiful.
We had 12 guests but the chapel could hold much more.
I recommend this chapel to anyone who wants to get married in Vegas and wants no hassle at all.
The day of the wedding my family and I had absolutely nothing to worry about, spent all morning and afternoon at the pool, no last minute crisis like typical weddings.
The pictures came out really well and we ended up purchasing them in addition to our package, and you get them the next day.
The minister was really great too, super professional and did such a good job at making the ceremony speical.
I recommend this place to anyone who wants an easy, beautiful, smooth running vegas wedding!

Our entire wedding experience was flawless and magical thanks to Erin and the staff at The Chapel at PH.
Erin knows exactly how to make everything perfect for the big day with no stress necessary for the bride or groom.
We chose it due to its location and the beautiful altar.
We were 100% happy with everything.
The bouquet and flowers were beautiful.
They got complemented all day and continue to get compliments in pictures.
Pastor Nelson was so well spoken and eloquent.
Jose's photography was amazing.
Total package was an A++, two thumbs up...PERFECT!

We had our wedding here on July 26th, 2013.
I am happy to say I was 100% happy with how it turned out!
I began planning the wedding with the chapel around 5 months before the big day.
The staff at the Chapel, no matter who I talked to, was always friendly, knowledgeable, and accommodating.
They remained in constant contact with me right up until the end.
A couple of weeks before the wedding, my parents and I went in to make our final payment in full.
They had everything written out to exactly how I wanted it, down to the color of flowers I wanted in our hotel suite.
We booked the "Honeymoon in Vegas" package in addition to our wedding package.
I highly recommend it.
We got a $100 credit to the spa at the hotel for my wedding hair and makeup, a $200 credit for the steak house, welcome amenities for the suite, champagne and chocolate covered strawberries, breakfast in bed.. you name it.
The Chapel puts everything through the hotel for you, so you do not have to try to argue with anyone about what you are supposed to be getting and whatnot.
The day of went smooth.
I went to the Chapel in the morning to drop off my music, and pick up my spa gift card.
They had everything ready.
The spa even knew I was coming.
Then later we showed up and were escorted in to the bridal VIP area so that my fiancé did not see me.
The parents all got their flowers, and all of the guests were seated.
My brother was driving to the Chapel and was stuck in an accident, so the Chapel was kind enough to stall the wedding an extra 15 minutes for us!
I thought that was very nice of them!
The ceremony was great!
Pastor Nathan allowed us to do a non religions ceremony.
My fiancé also made a funny remark during the vows, and the pastor just rolled with it.
It was hilarious.
The photographer and videographer got some great shots!
The bouquets were exactly what I wanted.
The music was perfect, the bridal party was told right where to go.
All in all, I would recommend this Chapel to everyone who is planning a smaller wedding of around 65 guests!
I wont be getting married again, but if I had to choose it all over again, I would pick The Chapel at Planet Hollywood!

The wedding planners here are absolutely wonderful.
I got married at PH May 2013, and worked with Ali.
She was absolutely wonderful!
I can't say enough good things about her and the other ladies at PH.
I was planning my Vegas wedding from the east coast and had never even seen the chapel.
It's hard to plan an entire wedding by email and phone without ever seeing anything, but she helped put my mind at ease.
I probably asked her a million questions, and she always returned my emails promptly and never seemed annoyed with all of my questions.
I know that I wasn't theeasiest bride to deal with, but she was always very courteous.
We had two children in the wedding party who have a hard time with unknown situations (and this was the first wedding they were ever in.).
The wedding coordinators at PH were nice enough to let them tour the chapel the morning of the wedding so they knew where to walk down the aisle, where to stand, etc.
It really helped them be a little less nervous at the wedding!
Our officiant, Nathan, was super nice and easy to talk to.
He said very meaningful things during the ceremony, and coached everyone on what to say at what time before the ceremony.
Everything went very smooth, espcially considering that we didn't do a rehearsal.
Thank you Ali and the rest of the PH Chapel staff for helping make our wedding day wonderful!

