Outstanding no-hassle sales experience that deservedly earned our business over all the other competing dealers.
From Sales Manager Chad to Lot Attendant JJ, everyone was great.
Follow up visits to service to address minor issues (TPMS programming and crossed thread on aftermarket wheel) were handled efficiently, as well.
Very impressed with the willingness of both sales and service to schedule and honor appointment times that are convenient for the customer.

I have to give a big shout out to Tracy and Rip.
They helped me get financed and find the perfect car for me.
I love my new car.
Thank you, thank you, thank you to the wonderful team at Earnhardt Buick GMC!!

I purchased my GMC from Earnhardts Buick GMC.
I feel that Earnhardts gave me a fair value for my trade in and a really good price on my new vehicle.
(And I researched on web and in person at other dealers for days prior to my purchase).
I also feel that the staff there is genuinely happy for me and they continue to check in with me even a couple of months after my purchase.
We will contine to use Earnhardts Buick GMC for future purchases and.
For any service work needed on my new car and our familys other vehicles.

Only visit was for a lube and oil.
Service was great and the price (with coupon from their website) was awesome.
Free coffee, donuts and popcorn too!

I have recently purchased my third vehicle from this location.
There were no pressure sales tactics used.
I received a fair trade in price for my old vehicle and a great price for my new car.
Sales manager, Jay, salesman, Tom, and service associates Jeremy and Weston were excellent to deal with.
Everyone I have dealt with are professional and pleasant to deal with.
I enjoy being able to go to the mall (by their shuttle) while service is being performed on my vehicle!

7:30am-5:30pm and I only got an oil change.
HORRIBLE!
I'll never come back.
I had a list of things to accomplish and nothing was done.

I have been to Kerry Hunter (Internet Sales Manager) twice now.
He is the best car salesman/manager I have ever done business with.
Both times, I have been in and out with little (read: no) hassle or dumb back and forth with a finance guy.
Most painless car buying experience ever.
Couldn't ask for better service.
AND, my roommate was so impressed, he will be going to him for his next car purchase, no matter what brand he wants.

