I like it.
It has a nice feel about the place.
Also has an extensive liquor bar with many Irish whiskies.
It's clean and inviting with many Tvs and an arcade area as well as pool tables.
If they had a kitchen and served food it would make it an awesome hang out.

Jane, one of the owners, is one of the most gracious, and pleasant business owners I know.
Tanya is one of the most awesome bartenders (and friends) I've ever known.
I have been going for about a year, and I feel like this is my "Cheers".
I know many of the other patrons, and I know the staff well.
They always treat me like a friend, and the atmosphere is very welcoming.
They also have free WiFi, and one of the best patios in Phoenix.
They have free pool every Wednesday night, and pool tournaments every Tue.
and Thurs., plus free ping pong on the patio, and foosball and darts in the front room.
They have several large-screen televisions, with various sports events on.
If you like small, semi-dive bars, and you've not been, stop in and tell 'em Vern sent you.
Trust me, you'll like it.

I love this bar, have been going there ever since I moved to Arizona seven years ago.
It attracts a friendly and fun crowd, I met a lot of good friends there.
The owners, Jane and Dave are great people, always doing their best to make the place enjoyable for the customers.
The bartenders are friendly, down to earth and always put a smile on my face.
They have a great outdoor patio in the back where you can drink and smoke.
And they have the coldest beer in town, perfect after a hot day of work.
Highly recommend it!

Owner's great , Terry's great

About 50+ of my friends and I visited this place last Monday night (yes we gave them a heads-up we'd be coming)... like a bunch of locust we stormed this place for about an hour of drinking and socializing before hitting the road.
Walking in, this place isn't the biggest, but I was surprised to find a very good size patio out back with a ping-pong table.
They have a pool table too and although it's really just a bar, if you need a snack while there, they have some bar food options (basically anything that'll fit in a microwave behind the bar).
The owners were very friendly and the waitress working the bar did a great job handling the crowd.
I give them 2-thumbs up.
Great little neighborhood hang out.

Perfect little neighborhood bar.
GREAT MUSIC SELECTION!!!
good beer selection and tacos on weekend nights!!
Fun place!

