Starbucks is the place I count on everywhere I go.
Within the United States.
In other countries.
This had to be the worst Starbucks experience ever.
I didn't mind the slow service and expensive prices.
I did, however, very much mind:  1) the cashier who was bad mouthing customers.
She did not care that all the customers in line can hear her complain to her coworkers about how customers made their work more difficult.
2) the attitude the barista gave me.
Side story:  I'm lactose intolerant and Starbucks is the only chain coffee shop I know that still doesn't offer free soy milk.
Usually I'll ask for a splash of soy milk to my coffee and most times they'll give it to me free of charge since I just want a little bit.
Sometimes they'll charge me the 50 cents, but they give me a lot of soy milk, so that's okay.
I forgot to add soy milk when I ordered so I asked the barista.
All she said to me was "pay 79 cents".
I was already irritated by the cashier.
It was also early in the morning with a long line and now attitude.
I explained to her that I'm lactose intolerant and basically can't use the "free" milk as creamer.
She looked at me and said "then pay 79 cents".
Her tone did it for me.
I lost my cool and shouted "Are you friggin' serious?
I just want a little bit of soy milk" and showed her my cup that was brimming with coffee.
"It's company policy.
If you want it, pay 79 cents.
" I walked off before potentially hurling my coffee at her.
At the sugar table, a lady who overheard the conversation told me that this is the only Starbucks she knows that charges for every little thing.
Then she realized that the barista had forgotten the toffee nut syrup in her coffee.
She asked the barista and it was déjà vu all over again.
The lady told the barista several times that she already paid her 79 cents for the toffee nut syrup.
I had my flight to catch, so I wished the lady good luck and walked out of there.

The designer of this particular Starbucks was not very bright.
Apparently they never anticipated lines at 6 am in the Las Vegas airport.
Sheesh.
Getting in and out is awful.
In addition, there is only one espresso machine... which equals 1 person making your drinks.
The only good thing is that I actually had foam in my latte (something other Starbucks have not gotten right).

The only place you can get a drink and snack in McCarran under $9.

Probably the worst Starbucks I've ever experienced.
These employees were clearly airport employees, not trained in the Starbucks program.
They were inefficient, slow, rude, and they didn't make my drink right.
Additionally, airport prices are exorbitant - $10 for a latte and a bottle of water.
I want my coffee.
I don't want to wait 20 minutes in a 3-person line for a drink that isn't even made correctly.

Worst starbucks I've been to :( And I love starbucks.
The girl there was rude, and so slow!
Normally the baristas are friendly and fast.

Most Starbucks have improved greatly where you can get quick and correct orders.
This airport location is right off the Alaska Airlines flight from Seattle 'gates'.
So most folks hit it on the landing or exit to get their caffeine fix.
It is run by only two employees (in fairness, it is a small location so don't think more than 2 can fit without being on top of each other).
They do their best to move quickly but with just 1 person working while 1 takes orders - it can have long lines depending on what time you land.

There are several starbucks located throughout LAS airport gates.
The line is always LONG in the morning time.
I know people want to get a cup of coffee to wake them up but god, they need to have more staff in the morning hours to fulfill the duties!
Tip: If you are not buying drinks or you can consume quickly.
Try to buy your drink at the location before you hit the security.
Its almost no wait over there and avoid the morning rush hour if you can.

The worst starbuck I've ever been to.
Store is a mess the employees are unprofessional n with a overwelming attitude.
Also they don't even honor their own iPhone mobilecard.
I would never want to go back.

Terminal B Starbucks should be on the list to shut down.
Had to wait 5min so they could "Brew" a cup.
I darted out to catch my flight, tasted my "brewed" coffee.
Taste like hot water.
Obviously, this place is a Vegas scam.
They know you won't  come back to complain because you need to get on a flight, and you don't want to get back in their scam line.
Don't wast you time and money!

Not the best Starbucks experience I've ever had.
Messy and slow.

We were getting ready to board our plane back home from Vegas and needed a quick drink fix for the flight.
It's just like any other starbucks you'd go to, since there are like a million stores out there...
I got what I usually get which was the green tea lemonade and my girlfriend got the Pumpkin Spice Latte!
Hoorah!
Fall season drinks are back at Starbucks!

The service here is not Starbucks best effort.
Out of 1/2 & 1/2, out of napkins and very dirty.
Coffee was great as always, it's really hard to mess that up.

I visited here yesterday while waiting for my flight at Gate B.  I haven't had anything to eat all morning and ordered a chocolate scone and Tazo tea.
The tea was normal as expected and the chocolate scone tasted decent.
However, an hour after I finished eating, I wasn't feeling very well.
Fortunately, the feeling passed a few hours later.

I recently read a book where the author bragged about Starbucks and their excellent service and how they will make her coffee in a customer provided travel mug.
I tried that here and was told no.
The problem with most airport Starbucks is the employees don't actually work for Starbucks and the stores are part of some large concession management operation.
Thats why the airport employees basically suck.
I do however blame Starbucks, because they should demand anyone serving their products to do so proffessionally.
Retrospectfully, the three star rating is because the lady at least tried to act like she cared.

typical sbuxx.
nothn wowed me

Overpriced.
Disappointing.

Typical airport Starbucks.
Small, with not much room for a line.
Very fast with the drinks.
The staff member who took my order was very friendly.
Definitely a grab and go place.

Just visited today.
Have to say they were quick taking our order but 4 people who ordered after us rec'vd their coffee before we did...WTH!!
Coffee was delicious as always but would have appreciated not being forgotten ;-( ....
They had several tasty treats which as others have said great for grab and go.
Also the staff was friendly.
Did notice they were out of supplies as the employee had to leave the coffee bar area to get forks for salad we purchased.

Not friendly.
Starbucks should take over the management from hms host.

This tiny little Starbucks sees more customers than Southwest Airlines.
They try to keep up with the demand but the lines are always long and many times the staff is pulling their hair out just to keep up with the demand.
My coffee is always hot and tastes like any other Starbucks but don't expect exceptional customer service at this location.

Good coffee and good service.

Always love Starbucks!
However it's more expensive because it is at the airport!

Line is long but coffee is totally worth it.

Came in at the end of the day, 7PM-ish.
The staff were very nice and attentive and got to me right away.
And my drink was made in a timely manner.
I had the coffee frappuccino, which I did not particularly enjoy, it was a just too bland for me.
The prices, on the account that we were in an airport, didn't help either.

Will this be my last review of a Starbucks?
Perhaps not, but it will be the last time I visit this one.
I was not impressed with anything here.
The wait, the line, the service the flavor of the coffee - not up to Starbucks standards for sure!
I may not be a coffee expert, but I know that this place needs some massive changed.
Even the staff came in inadequate.
Thank goodness for Jamba Juice or I'd be very thirsty at this airport!

Good location!
Nice staff.
Crazy busy!

Starbucks is cheaper than bottled water at McCarren Airport, if you can believe it.
Get an iced coffee here here instead of that Evian.

Solid Starbucks.
Waiting to pick up my kids from their unaccompanied minor flight.
Need some caffeine to keep going.
They took my Starbucks gold card (so I can get my rewards points!).
Drink made quickly even though I made a change.
(Forget to say "iced")  Overall, I enjoyed my drink.

The McDonalds of coffee.
Standard service.
Standard coffee.
Still surprised it draws in the number of people it does given the amount of cafes here in Madison.

Just another Starbucks.
Nothing special.
Service was decently quick and they were very accommodating considering i needed the receipt and it was ripped from the cashier machine.

