Officially 13.5 hours late!!!
I called yesterday at 5pm (tire works closed @7) they quoted me hour to an hour & a half...the driver called me at 730pm and asked my location, i told him not to bother because the shop was already closed.
So he set me up with a 7am appt.
At 815am i awoke with a very rude vmail from them saying I gave the incorrect gate code & they were leaving my area.
Funny thing is, I DON'T HAVE A GATE CODE!!!!
So Tire works called them, it's going to be another hour and a half, so I called another company.
Let's see just for fun how long it takes them this time around to come get my car that isn't here.... jack***es!

Terrible service.
Girls on the phone need some lessons in customer service.
If you're unhappy working there then quit.

Two hours after I call, they show up.
Vegas isn't that big!
Luckily I called Tire Works, and they were able to save me.
Avoid abc!

I don't know if all of the ABC Towing companies in Vegas are related, but I just had a terrible experience with one of them.
They told me when they could arrive and I waited and waited.
When I called the company, the lady on the phone was incredibly rude.
She said they'd be there in 20 minutes.
They weren't.
I waited and waited.
I called again and she was even more rude.
She told me they'd be there in 5 minutes.
They weren't.
I waited and waited.
I called again.
More rudeness.
This went on forever.
When the guy finally arrived he said they don't communicate well over there.
TERRIBLE customer service.
I'll never use them again.

Along with all of your bullshit you've put these people through I'd have to say my experience with you people has to be the worst thing you could ever do to some one.
YOU STOLE MY 2008 SILVERADO z71 from a long term parking garage in las vegas,while I was tending to my dying father in Michigan.
You broke the law by not reporting it to the police, as all cars towed in Vegas must be reported..so I get back to get my 40000 truck in which there was no lien holder on because of the 15000 dollars I put down and 25 months of 780.00 a month payments and my truck was gone???
After weeks then months of trying to locate it calling the lvpd and abc towing repeatedly...
Both claiming to have no record of my truck being towed,My insurance  had lapsed and through a loophole or the three month rule obtained an abandoned vehicle title and quickly sold it to someone who now has a Wells Fargo bank loan out on my truck.
You scumbags.
That truck was how I made a living and it's not over.
From top to bottom your company lied cheated and stole from a hard working construction worker who had 28000 worth of equity into a vehicle I depended on having after my trip to Michigan.
I went back to Vegas twice thinking There must be a mistake...second guessing where I parked it.
Well I knew where I parked it on my first 60 dollar cab ride to get it.
So basically you sold my truck for 100percent profit  according to the records around 20000+.
What a rotten thing to do to me.

Been trying to deal with them for two days and they've been nothing but rude and disrespectful and were going to charge me $85 after they put my car in a bad location.
They weren't cooperative in any way and the dispatch was anything but helpful.
They told me I had to wait 3 hours before a truck would get to me.
I'll never use ABC towing even through AAA.
These people don't care about anyone but what money they put in their pockets.

