This TJMaxx/Home Goods location is awesome!
It is always super clean and organized, the employees are extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful, and the selection is excellent.
I've found so many things I was looking for, and then some, here!
TJMaxx is already my favourite chain store of this type (better than Ross, Marshalls, etc.. imho), but this location is even better!
The prices are always great, and they carry some very nice items.
Whether you are looking for luggage, clothing, furniture, silverware, or household decorations, this store is likely to have something you'll like!

TJMAXX HomeGoods is a fun store to explore and sometimes even purchase things.
It seems to be well organized and kept in order as apposed to many stores like it.

** PG rated review **  I enjoy the store when I have been there in the past.
I at least want to start with that....
However....
I had to make a trip to the restroom.
It was fairly clean and I do not have issue with that.
I finished up my business and was washing my hands.
As I was finishing up, an employee of the store (a guy in glasses) came in and hustled up to the urinal.
He handled his business quickly and ran straight back out the door......WITHOUT WASHING HIS HANDS.
Thank you Mr. Disgusting Man for holding your parts and then touching the door handle I now have to grab to leave the restroom.
So I walk out of the bathroom (using a paper towel to open the door) and see this guy shake hands with someone and standing around joking with coworkers.
You mean to tell me you could not invest a minute to wash your hands properly before you went out to resume your non-work conversation???
Gross.
Get it together TJMaxx.
Make sure your people are washing their hands or at the least start posting signs letting us know that your people do not wash their hands so I can avoid your store in the future.

Love this TJ MAXX location.
It has a Home Goods attached.
I was get lost in there with all the stuff.
I somehow always find something to buy.
:)  It is always clean and organized.
I think I need more decorating stuff for the house.
hehehe!

