This is a new place that takes over the building that was Beef O Brady's.
Fortunately, the only thing this place has in common with that dump (see review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/beef-o-bradys-sun-prairie#hrid:PWUMDnYBBVl_yj6oIV-V-Q/src:self) is the address.
Buck & Honey's is your standard American fare, but with a little zest.
The menu isn't huge, but offers your standard steaks, pasta, pizza, burgers, salads, soups, fish, etc.
I was told by the waitstaff that all the food was "made from scratch" and most of their stuff was local.
I had the Bomber's Special pizza (pictured) and it was fantastic.
It's your normal Wisconsin style flat thin crust pizza.
I don't understand the appeal to this style of pizza over normal pizza cut into triangles, but maybe that's just my NYC brain.
Either way, it was great.
People say that Anna's pizza in Sun Prairie is good.. this made Anna's taste like one of those Red Baron pizzas.
The pie was large, the cheese and veggies tasted fresh, and the pizza itself had a bit of heat to it which kept the flavor on your tongue long enough that you never lost the taste in between bites.
The decor is a bit fancy, but soft and inviting.
The staff seemed friendly and welcoming.
Seems like a big focus on local; the artwork on display features Georgia O'Keefe as well as other Sun Prairie history.
The owners are an old couple from the city.
In fact, Buck once owned farm land in the exact spot that his restaurant is located.
The redesign from Beef O Brady's is well improved as well.
They actually have an entrance and you dont have to go through the stupid little mall to get in.
They have turned that old entrance area into a patio style atrium (see pic) for dining.
Lots of local beer on tap, some TVs in the bar area, and a little stage area for live music make it a great place to spend an evening.
It's in a bit of a weird location, so I hope they do well.
Can't wait to get back and try the crazy good looking dessert menu.

Went to Buck and Honey's last night and fell in love with the ambiance and the food.
The roasted chicken with the garlic butter was delicious as was the red cabbage coleslaw with an asian kick.
The chocolate cheesecake was incredible.

We had the fried walleye (it's Friday) and the mixed grill.
It was a great way to share all the flavors if their dinner entrees.
Everything was great, mashed potatoes, fresh fruit, asparagus, and traditional coleslaw was all awesome choices for sides.
The wait staff was great and the owners were very pleasant.
If you're in Sun Prairie I'd say this is the place to stop and eat!

We went here for the first time last night.
The décor/ambiance is very nice.
The two people up front, who were obviously managers, were very polite.
However, our waiter did not bring us any refills or even ask if we wanted any.
At the end of our meal he tried to make small talk with us, but it wasn't really appreciated at that point.
To start we tried the jumbo shrimp and cheese curds appetizer.
The shrimp was good, but the cheese curds were just meh.
My entrée was eggplant parmesan served on fettuccine with cream sauce.
It was really good.
My dining partner had the ribs, they were not so good.
He stated that he had to use all the strength in his hands to tear the ribs apart.
Anyone who knows ribs, knows that the meat should just fall right off the bone, but he was gnawing at it, which is gross.
A minor that was with us had the kids' cheeseburger.
The cheeseburger got a thumbs down.
I could have cooked a better burger at home for wayyy cheaper.
The three of us shared a teeny tiny chocolate cheesecake.
It was about the shape and size of a hockey puck.
It didn't taste like cheesecake at all.
It was just blah.
All of our food arrived nicely arranged on fancy plates, however, minus the eggplant dish, that did not make this mediocre meal taste any better, and the bill after tip was 80 bucks for the privilege.
Buck and Honey's is ,indeed, in the old location where Beef O' Bradys was, and that place really blew.
Unfortunately, Buck and Honey's is only marginally better at this time, and certainly A LOT more expensive.
Perhaps with time, and a lobotomy they will improve.

My wife and I went to Buck & Honey's for lunch.
The decor is nice and the place has an open feel.
I had a sandwich and my wife had a small steak.
The food was good to excellent.
The french onion soup was on point though.
I highly recommend it.

We ordered food to go and were quite pleased with it.
One was a Chicken and the other Turkey.
The garlic potatoes were very good.
Meat was moist and tender.
Our friends had a pizza which appeared to have the garlic uncut as a whole on the pizza.
They chose not to eat that, but they said it was very good regardless.
Ambiance is good.
We will go back!

The food was solid.
The service was decent.
The atmosphere was nice and relaxed, however the food was not worth the price.
Total bill came to over $50 and that was with coupons.
Making the menu sound impressive doesn't mean the food has to cost an arm and a leg.
I ordered pot roast.
It shouldn't have been as expensive as it was.

I would say that this is easily the best place to go in in Sun Prairie.
We have been here about 6 times and it has consistently been good.
I have ordered steak, fried fish, entrees... it's all pretty good.
The kids meals are well portioned and the kids eat it.
They rotate their menu and the beer on tap - that makes repeat business worth while.
It can be pretty busy on a Friday night.
They have filled a need in town.

Excellent fish fry - perhaps one of the best in Wisconsin.
We sampled the walleye and the cod - both were superb.
The only way that it could be better is if it were AYCE... but given the quality, I'll take it as is.
Loved the side choices - grilled asparagus was excellent.
Highly recommend the french onion soup as a starter.
Great beer selection to boot.
Full review on my website, along with 49 other fish fry reviews.
Check my profile for details and photos - I hate duplicating fish fry reviews between yelp and my place.

Excellent cod fish fry!
The cheesey hashbrowns and coleslaw was yummy as well.
Quick service.
Friendly staff.
Fun atmosphere.
Definitely one of my favorite Friday fish frys in Madison.

Pretty good food, but the fish tacos I ordered were rather dry and the wait staff was weird about us asking to switch tables (the one we were at had the sun shining right in our eyes.
) But the service was friendly, and I'd probably go back.
I would just make sure to sit inside the next time.

The first time I tried to visit Buck & Honey's was in July.
I came with my fiance an hour before the closing time listed on their website.
We thought we'd get something light to eat on a weekend night.
No such luck.
The place was clearly in the process of closing and the kitchen had longsince closed.
This week, I returned hoping for a better experience.
Heck, any experience!
I went to Buck & Honey's with my mom for dinner.
We were greeted by a very courteous hostess and our waitress was very smiley as she explained the myriad of specials.
I had the potato soup and the tenderloin salad and my mother the tilapia with shrimp.
Both were nice, but nothing to write home about.
Our waitress, however, was nice enough, but very lacking in the ability to wait on a table.
She was slow, never returned with things she said she was bringing, and left the appetizer dishes sitting on the table after 3 'check-in' visits.
It was rather bizarre.
In the end, it wasn't a bad meal.
It was alright.
We both enjoyed our food.
But the service and the very noisy table neighbors, along with the rather high price, made us unsure if we'll give Buck & Honey's another shot.

My friend Meg and I have been out here on a number of occasions.
We thinks it's the best fish fry in the Madison-area.
Tasty brandy-old fashioned sweets, fantastic batter on the cod, tasty cole slaw (although I don't really like cole-slaw).
Most notable are their cheesy hash browns which are the most delicious of all.

We tried this place for fish and were not disappointed.
The people at the hostess stand are very friendly and attentive.
Nothing I hate more than being ignored when you arrive.
We had a reservation, and were actually a little late because of traffic, but got right in.
We had both the deep fried and the baked cod.
It comes with cheesy hashbrowns, that we were told are only prepared on Friday night.
A little disappointing that there is no option for a baked potato, but the hashbrowns are good.
The fish, baked and fried, was excellent.
Creamy style coleslaw was also good.
Your meal arrives all on a nice plate, no plastic cup of coleslaw, which I appreciated.
It comes with a warmed roll, that appears to be already buttered on the top.
I would have preferred some butter rather than being served this way, but it was an OK roll.
They have a huge patio outside where lots of people were enjoying the nice weather, and inside is warm and comfortably decorated.
Bottom line, good fish, good service, enjoyable dinner.

Love the atmosphere, GREAT service too.
My husbands walleye was very good.. i had fish tacos which really were not the best.. will def come back and try again,hoping i just made bad menu choice!

Our favorite place for a "nice" dinner & drinks in Sun Prairie!
The food is always excellent, their drinks are usually pretty good, they have a good wine selection and an adequate beer selection.
My husband is a big fan of the Friday night fish fry and I like the salmon or fish tacos.
We also ate here for their Valentine's day special.
It was great!
We have never been disappointed.
Expect a 30-45 minute wait to be seated if you come in on a Friday or Saturday night.
They have live music on Wednesdays and Saturdays and we ALWAYS enjoy the musicians!

Terrific food.
Great place to hang.

I have eaten at Buck & Honey's more times than I care to admit.
The service is always excellent and my food has been done to perfection with the exception of one occasion (even then, it was pretty good).
I really enjoy the local live music, the upscale but casual atmosphere and the amazing and consistent waitstaff.
Their pizza is divine (the Bomber Special is a must -try!
), their soups are always good and the Friday Fish Fry is the best (cod) I have ever had.
The desserts are yummy and ever-changing and the bread pudding is awesome!

Take out just as good as dining in!
For the first time since they opened I ordered take out from Buck and Honey's and it was just as satisfying as eating there, except you miss the exceptional service you receive from Tom & Chris's crew!
Special shout out to Aimee and Beth, they rock!

Anyone who knows me knows that I looooove a good fish fry.
Buck & Honey's serves up one of the best I've had.
I ordered the cod and out came three good-sized pieces of fish.
The batter was great: light, crispy and well-seasoned.
Got cheesy hash for my side - thebomb.com.
The fry also comes with a rye (?
) roll and coleslaw.
They were nothing to write home about, but fared far better than some other places.
Beer selection was better than expected and the service was super attentive for a frantic Friday night  This place gets packed on Friday, so make a reservation or expect to wait at least 30 minutes.
Despite the huuuuge space, you probably won't find a seat at the bar while you wait.
I promise you, it's worth it.
Sun Prairie wins again.

My husband and I just had the pizza from Buck & Honey's for the first time recently, so I HAD to post an update.
We only ordered the Mac & Cheese pizza, but OH.MY.GOODNESS.
We ate it at least two weeks ago and my mouth still waters just thinking about it.
They use several types of REAL cheese and serve it on a thin crust.
Mind = blown.
I've had mac & cheese pizza before, but never like this.

Decent restaurant...very busy on Friday night.
This restaurant menu is so similar to Bonfyre in Madison...they need some originality.
Decent beer selection and ok prices, seem a little high for being in sun prairie.
Service was good...fish fry was ok, but there are better in the area for sure.

My fiance and I went to Buck and Honey's today for lunch.
We expected that it would be pretty quiet at lunch time on a weekday (Friday), but we didn't expect to encounter such dour, inattentive waitstaff.
When we walked in, there was no one at the hostess stand- we waited a couple of minutes, some guy who appeared to work there wandered by but didn't even acknowledge our presence.
Finally, the hostess showed up.
She didn't say hello or welcome, or even smile- just glanced at us and said "two?
" in a flat, emotionless voice.
She started to show us to a table, and a waitress came up to talk to her, so the hostess told us to "hold it" so she could finish her conversation before showing us to our table.
Our waiter was also completely emotionless, barely talked to us, and never asked us how things were or if we wanted dessert.
He refilled our water once.
When our food came out, it was the hostess who brought it out, but she clearly didn't know which table it was supposed to go to, so she wandered around looking confused until she finally figured out we were the only table who didn't have our food yet.
The food itself wasn't bad, but not stellar, either.
We ordered a Thai chicken pizza to share.
It was decent- it was nice that it was on a thin crust, though the crust was really dry and bland with not a lot of flavor to it, so I kind of felt like I was eating cardboard with tasty toppings.
Overall it was ok, but really overpriced.
Definitely NOT worth $!9 for a pizza.
And definitely not good enough to overcome the mediocre service.
It wasn't a terrible dining experience, so I wouldn't rule out going there again (maybe to try the fish fry?
) , but I'd probably be more likely to choose somewhere else.

We have eaten at Buck and Honey's several times and have not been disappointed yet!
Good food and good service!

Food is good and the best fried cheese curds ever!

We have been regulars since it first opened.
Buck & Honeys seems upscale, but with a cozy neighborhood feel.
We usually go on a Saturday evening, when they have live (soft) music.
I've never had a bad meal here.
My favorite item on the menu was the fried calamari, which they have unfortunately taken off the menu, but there is still plenty to please.
They have a great bar, and plenty of seating room if you have to wait for a table.
In the summer there is outdoor dining and a fire pit.
I would like to see them add some sparkling water to their beverage list.
Great place to take or meet friends.

The food was very good.
I had the prime rib sandwich and it was wonderful.
The fries were ok. My son's mac and cheese was really good too.
The service was pretty poor.
The waitress didn't seem to care we were there.
I'd give the food and place 4 stars and the service 2.

First time going was last night for the fish fry.
I don't do reviews but they deserved one.
Food all around was delicious and we bragged about it to friends later on.
Service was the best we've had in a long time and the drinks were strong.
It's not the cheapest fish fry around, but very well might be the best.
Highly recommend and will be repeat customers.

Tried the restaurant week menu.
I had a taste of the Ahi appetizer (coming back for the full thing later), steak Gorgonzola pasta, and my hubby had the BBQ chicken and ribs.
The mashed taters and corn were also tasty.
Not a bad taste in the bunch and the meats were all done properly...no over or under-cooking.

excellent!

In town looking for lunch saw the reviews on yelp.
Had the buffalo chicken crispy salad excellent combination of flavors blended well   Also had pepperoni,salami turkey sandwich crispy chewy bun with a special dipping sauce again flavors blended well  funny thing waitress convinced to order the most awesome cheesy hash browns and the meal came with appeared to be regular hash browns.
She went back to the kitchen to get an order and found out they were out of the ingredients.
Now we have to come back.
We think it was a setup.

Good service.
Lunch menu was decent.

Very nice atmosphere.
Some fun outdoor seating options with live music on the weekends.
Staff consistently does a good job, very professional.
Great menu & they emphasize local products such as Sassy Cow.
You'll enjoy the experience, a local gem.

A full year later and the fish fry is still rock solid.
My most recent visit was on 10/4/13; attended with 3 other friends.
We waited about 30 minutes for a table, which wasn't bad, considering it was a peak dinner time.
We placed orders for: baked cod, fried perch, and fried cod.
Sides included asparagus, broccolini, and the cheesy potatoes.
The food arrived quickly, and it was as great and tasty as ever.
Rave reviews from everyone in attendance.
The baked cod was flavorful, moist, and tender.
Both fried options were perfectly prepared; no grease, excellent breading, and extremely high quality fish.
Service was a bit spottier than before; aside from that, a truly outstanding experience, as usual.

Popular yes, memorable no  If you are looking for a solid casual dining experience, I have no problem recommending Buck and Honey's.
I've not had a bad dish during my two visits to the restaurant.
So why the three star rating?
Well, nothing's been great either.
While I enjoyed my entrees at Buck & Honey's the (buffalo chicken salad and chipotle chicken pasta), I probably wouldn't order them again.
The "A-OK" definition of the three star rating accurately sums up my feelings toward this establishment, so that's what I went with.
Things I liked: * The service I encountered during both visits was excellent.
I experienced friendly knowledgeable servers and prompt, attentive service during both visits on very busy nights for the restaurant.
Props to Stephanie and Allison for a job well done.
* Sassy cow cheese curds.
'nuf said.
* The dinner specials are a great value.
During my first visit, my father got the Sunday prime rib special.
Three courses for $22 and he was extremely pleased with the quality of the meal.
* The bar staff at B&H is solid.
My wife enjoyed her spicy Bloody Mary and my red wine flight was a great value (very generous pours).
Beer section is above average.
The bar area was packed both times I visited.
Things I'm conflicted about: * The French Onion Soup.
During my first visit, Buck & Honey's nailed the preparation of this dish.
It was the pure essence of caramelized onion perfection.
The soup had a touch of natural sweetness with a hint of bitterness.
The proportions of bread and cheese were perfect.
This was a dish to dream on.
Unfortunately, this was not the dish I received on my second visit.
The proportions were all out of whack.
Too little sweetness, too much bitterness.
Too much cheese, too few croutons.
Too much broth, too few onions.
While the second rendition wasn't bad, it was far from memorable.
Since the soup can be added to an entree for just $2, it's worth taking the chance of getting version one.
Things I didn't like: * The portion size of the Chipotle Chicken Pasta dish is far too much food for one normal sized person.
Give me less quantity and more quality please.
* The mac and cheese pizza ordered by my daughter was the weakest entree of my two visits.
The crust was burnt and the pizza needed more of the Alfredo sauce.
My daughter who is a pizza devouring machine ate only half the pizza and did not want to bring the leftovers home.
If you are in the mood for pizza in Sun Prairie (or anywhere else in the greater Madison metro area), proceed with great haste to nearby Salvatore's.
* The other entree that fell slightly flat was the Buffalo Chicken Salad.
Like the pasta entree, it was quantity (lots of chicken and pasta) over quality (the onion was unevenly cut, so the larger pieces were almost raw).
Don't be scared off by the three star review.
As I mentioned early, this is a solid casual dining option.
But it is not a destination dining option for me.
The place was packed both times I visited, so Buck & Honey's is definitely doing something right.

Buck and Honey's is the best restaurant in Sunny P with excellent staff, great food, and all at a very good value.
I eat there weekly and have rarely had food that could've been better.
The drinks are always made well and served correctly, though I wish they kept a porter on tap all the time.

Not bad Sun Prairie, not bad at all.
The bar experience was a little better than the restaurant one, so I'll start there.
The bar area makes for a pretty homey atmosphere.
Everything looks new and clean (unlike most places in SP), but with some unfinished industrial pieces to add some "cool" factor, or whatever factor it is that you get when you use raw construction materials in your final product.
Add a small staged area for some live music and a few local craft options on tap and you really have the best spot in town to grab a beer with a friend.
There are a few dining areas that spread across the building, two of which are close enough to hear the live performers, but we were seated just outside of that in a sort of indoor courtyard for the complex.
The walls were open to the inside of the building which was mostly empty aside from people coming and going to the wine bar next door.
It was kind of a commotion in the hallway when I was there, with servers coming back and forth from across the hall over and over again, I would suggest you request to sit inside the main restaurant so you can hear the music anyway.
Everyone in my family liked their dinners and the service was pleasant.
I had the French Onion soup as a starter which wasn't anything to write home about.
It was pretty salty broth and the cheese was melted, not caramelized.
I absolutely love French Onion when it's done right, so maybe I'm a bit hard to impress.
For my entree though I split the Thai Chicken Pizza with my mom which was really good.
We got the fourteen inch which really could be split by three very hungry people, so we definitely would have gotten the twelve if we had realized how generous the portion was.
The peanut sauce had a surprising amount of kick and I also liked that they tipped it off with crunchy cabbage.
I was impressed that they were thoughtful enough to design a health conscious menu.
My sister avoids gluten as much as possible and having a set menu of better for you options to choose from really puts Buck and Honeys higher on our list of options because of how easy they make it to dine out but stay healthy.

Great atmosphere.
Really good food!
I had the fish tacos and my girlfriend had the chipotle chicken pasta.
Both were amazing.
Good selection of tap beers as well

Fri fish fry...mmm...ok.  Culver's is better and you can have it anytime you want!!

Food was excellent, and a very nice presentation of food!
I highly recommend the French Onion Soup!

Had a private function here - beautiful space and the staff was attentive and friendly.
Not much here for vegan's and the kitchen didn't try to accommodate very well even though they had all the ingredients to make a great salad!

Bartender was fantastic only problem was value of my meal.
$15 for a slice of lasagna is way over priced.
Some garlic bread would have been nice.
Very good beer selection.

Disappointed... Great atmosphere & wonderful smells upon entering, but after that nothing spectacular.
Food was generic & plated very basically- unlike their website pics.
I had the Breaded Tilapia  & bacon wrapped shrimp with green beans & sweet potato fries.
Boring, a little greasy, & salty.
Sorry, way better options when I'm in the area...

It's true folks, Sal's on Main St. isn't the only reason I drive to Sun Prairie.
But it still remains my favorite for hitting the road.
Here's what's up:  I'm more than pumped that Sun Prairie has a local destination for great food, but my last visit couple of visits were less than stellar.
The most recent was around the time they were gearing up to open Plate & Barrel, so I wonder if I need to get back there and give these guys another try.
Their beer line up is always stellar and they are incredible at partnering with the community, but my meal (meatloaf and taters) was cold and lacked flavor.
I really wanted to catch the attention of our server, but I think her section was large and it was a while before she came back to check in.
When I left that night I was a tad discouraged, but oddly when I reheated the leftovers, they were better.
Maybe I just need to grab take-out and make my way back to Madison with their grub?
Maybe I'm not ordering the right things?

We came here on a Saturday night and were nervous when we saw a live band setting up (the last few times we've been anywhere with live music it is always ungodly loud).
They were doing restaurant week specials and my husband got the New York strip with bleu cheese, which was good.
And the wine they recommended with it was a wonderful suggestion.
I had the prime rib which was excellent for the price.
Our food was served quickly, very quickly actually.
Our server (Ryan) was excellent and we never went without water and plates were cleared away quickly.
He also was quick to point out specials and it was $1 off glasses of wine when we were there.
The atmosphere is nice, if not a bit eclectic.
There's live music, but televisions are showing sports, but it's also romantically lit with wine pictures on the wall.
It's loud but not so loud you can't hear the people at your table.
In short, a nice place for a date night.
We'll be back.

This location use to be a Beef O'Bradys.
They sure classes up the joint and surrounded the bar with a classier dining room.
There's an extension of the restaurant into what use to be the old entrance and now includes a special dining room off to the side.
For the kids there's a small arcade.
The menu is just barely higher priced for Sun Prairie but is really priced right to justify the excellently prepare meal.
While I was there, I could not get the WiFi o work even though I was repeatedly told it's the phone number for the restaurant.
I can't really deduct any stars for that--after all you go there for the dining experience.

Stopped in for lunch and was very underwhelmed.
Service was poor despite there being not much of a crowd.
Ordered a grilled chicken pesto on ciabatta and it was edible but nothing to get excited over.
Even the hand cut fries tasted like they had been sitting in oil too long.
My wife had a club sandwich that had borderline burnt bread.
Sorely disappointed and doubt we will be back.

Everything here was just average.
Average burgers and average pasta dishes.
Nothing set them apart from a standard chain restaurant.
The prices were fine and the waiter we has was great but this is the kind of place I won't really seek out to go again.

My son and I stopped by for dinner last Monday.
I ordered Chipotle Chicken Pasta.
the sauce was just delicious and spicy, very much like how I like it.
My son ordered a burger and was very happy with the food choice.
The waitstaff is extremely polite and helpful and of course the ambiance is fabulous!!
I had a very relaxing evening, will be back soon:)

Friday night date night.
Fish fry.
Drinks.
Great ambiance and Bartender.
This is my second time here; we were in the mood for fish and decided to check out reviews and decided on B&H.
Once we entered, there was a bit of a wait (Friday night, no surprise there.
)  The lady in front of us was all exasperated because her party had a 20 minute wait.
After she huffed off I greeted the hostess with a smile and said, "There'll be just two (2) of us, we don't mind the wait and we'll be at the bar until you're ready for us.
The name is China, like the country.
"  In which she smiled and replied, "I love you.
"  *chuckling*  I said "hey, fellow service industry workers have to stick together; on and off the clock.
"  He saved me a seat at the bar and our Bartender's name was Kevin; my beau ordered the New Belgium Snapshot beer.
I asked Kevin if he had any mint, he said not quite yet; next month for sure.
So I ordered a Hendrick's gin cocktail with muddled lemon and lime on the rocks topped with 7-Up.
He said, "a woman who knows what she wants.
Perfect.
"    My beau ordered the Perch and I had the deep fried cod with the asparagus.
Awesome...
I will be back; hopefully it won't take another two (2) years.
You should go here.
Soon!

Darn good brunch, though wasn't expecting to spend as much.
Maybe prices were jacked for Mother's Day.
Whatever the price, I'm still tempted to come back for cheese curds and fish fry.

Ate here with a large group.
The service was terrific and very accommodating.
Friendly atmosphere and it felt like they were really happy to see us.
The food was excellent.
I had the walleye and it was terrific.
My cousin had a pasta dish and she was very pleased as well.
There wasn't one complaint among us.

Darn good brunch, though wasn't expecting to spend as much.
Maybe prices were jacked for Mother's Day.
Whatever the price, I'm still tempted to come back for cheese curds and fish fry.

Can't complain after my last trip to Buck & Honey's!
The first time I was there was last summer, and we sat outside... chillin out maxin relaxin all cool... you know how we do.
Anyways, went there again a couple of weeks ago with friends.
Because we're lushes, we ordered a couple of tall glasses of wine, which was maybe a glass and a half and definitely the way I pour!
Yup yup.
I ordered the fish tacos for my entree, because since I moved back to Madison from San Diego, all I ever want are amazing fish tacos.
I dream of them.
To my surprise, these fish tacos were actually not too shabby!!!
Who knew a little place in Sun Prairie would satisfy my craving!
Definitely order them from the regular menu though, since the first time I was there I ordered them from the Life Balance menu, and those were just so-so (I seriously try fish tacos everywhere I can).
Definitely worth popping over for a casual night out!

A couple close friends were in town and we decided to try this place out.
We got sassy cow cheese curds to share and it was def one of the best I had.
Very stringing, right amt if grease and loving that texture.
I don't even need any dipping sauce to go with it.
I had the lands and sea which consisted of a 5oz filet and 3 scallops with mash and daily vegetable.
I thought the filet was on the salty side and the medium looked more like well done.. Little disappointed until I tried the scallops which was surprisingly phenomenal!
Super well seasoned to bring out the taste.
It's tough to cook scallops since they are pretty bland.
The sides are alright..nothing spectacular.
I also had a strawberry mojito which was pretty yummy.
My highlight of the meal was definitely the curds and the scallops.
So why is this a 3 star?
We were there on a Friday night and the band was playing.. Do they have live music every weekend?
They might want to do a little better search next time when it comes to live music.
The band that was playing was just terrible!
Songs were out of tune and the lead singer was basically yelling his lungs out.
Like a couple other ppl mentioned..
The service needs a little work.
Our waiter basically asked whether we were done while my friend was still chowing down her food.. After we said that we are still working it, he followed to give us our check 5 minutes later.
It was 9pm and after the dinner rush...so that was a downer.

I went here midday on a Saturday for lunch.
The food was pretty good and everything on the menu sounded good.
I saw some of the personal pizzas, and I will be back to try them!
I had the chicken, bacon, ranch panini with sweet fries.
The fries were seriously awesome.
The panini was decent, but not great.
It was just dripping with ranch; I couldn't even taste the bacon.
The chicken was a little tough and could all come out when I tried to bite.
My boyfriend got the jambalaya and slammed the whole thing -- it's spicy, be warned!
The services and everything was great; I'll be back.

Great place to eat and great live music!
Good family environment as well!

Great food and great service will keep you coming back to buck and honeys!
They have a good drink selection and their food has always been wonderful.
Fish fry on Friday night is the best in Sun prairie.
Highly recommend giving this place a try.

