Great food and drinks!

I visited Sofrita on Saturday.
The food is very good.
The sangrias were outstanding.
Too bad they were not able to solve the sewer gas smell in that location.
The last restaurant in that spot also had the problem of a dried out drain.
It's not that hard to figure out, get a plumber to fix it.
Fountain Hills needs a nice place to have tapas.
The atmosphere is charming and once you get used to the smell you can eat but it is a real turn off when you first walk in the door.
I hope they make it.

I visited Sofrita on Friday evening and had the most wonderful experience.
The entertainment, Flamingo Guitarists and Dancers were awesome.
The food, service and ambience were sensational!
I sampled numerous dishes from the menu and found everything to be absolutely delicious!!!!
The location is beautiful and perfect; especially when the Fountain is on!
Can't wait to return for another delicious and perfect dining experience!
If you haven't been to Sofrita yet then this is a must  for your next dining pleasure!

I visited Sofrita's a few Friday's ago and had a wonderful experience.
They serve generous portions and savory Sangrias.
We ate the Bacaladitos and the Puerco dish.
Both were delicious!
We sat on the outside patio to listen to the Flamenco music and the whole ambiance was warm, cozy and the perfect date spot.
The staff is friendly and hospitable.
Great place...must try!

There's gold in them thar (Fountain) Hills!
Chef Anthony Redendo has blessed this quiet little town with one of the best Tapas restaurants I've ever eaten at.
I love Tapas, but usually hate the small servings and high prices.
Someone forgot to send Sofrita the memo, because the prices are small, and the portions are large.
Most importantly, its delicious!
It's not only mandatory eating if you live near Fountain Hills, its worth the trip from anywhere in the valley.
Don't even get me started on the delicious Sangrias, white and red.
YUM!

Awesome new spot in Fountain Hills.
Friendly staff, great food, and Tracy!
Hope the snowbirds will open their minds and support this piece of culture that is so badly needed in the "stuck in the Midwest 70's" culture of Fountain Hills!

OUTSTANDING!
FANTASTIC!
WONDERFUL!
These are all words I use to describe this quaint restaurant.
This is now my favorite Puerta Rican/Cuban restaurant in the Phoenix area.
Mouth watering food and sangria drinks to die for!
All at an affordable price!

The best Puerto Rican cuisine this side of San Juan!
Without a doubt, the VERY BEST sangria ever!
I had their winter sangria infused with fresh blueberries, cranberries and raspberries.
For tapas, we had tostones, bacaladitos, bacon wrapped dates and the el cran combo salad.
Know that Puerto Rican cuisine is NOT Mexican food.
It is not spicy, rather it is very flavorful.
My next visit, I am eager to try the ropa vieja and the habichuleas, not to mention the macarron con queso!
Sofrita is also open for breakfast and I would be most curious to give that a try some morning.

Had lunch here yesterday with the husband.
Wow, it was fabulously fresh and delious!!!!
The Sangria was to die for, lots of fresh fruit floating on the top.
YUM!
Tried 2 of the 4 different tacos and the black beans, very very good.
My husbands salad with a lime/coconut vinaigrette was sensational.
We will bring our out of town visitors here for late lunch soon!
You must try it!
Very affordable pricing too!

Saturday morning for breakfast, nice selection of teas, I had the desert floral sweetened with aguave nectar, and my wife had coffee which I snuck a taste of, very good BTW.
Quaint atmosphere looks like I'm in my Nana's house with the decor definitely spanish feeling!
Music is nice, servers are great very personable.
We ordered breakfast burritos and the chillequilles verde.
My baby boy was with us and they brought out some diced up fruit for him, perfect for a 9 month old.
I actually was able to speak to the owner and she was very nice.
She told us about upcoming events that the restaurant is having & to say the least we were very interested.
We plan on returning to see how it is in the evening because it just looks like it would be Fun!

Sofrita is a great little restaurant with a very unique Boricua/Nueva York sort of ambiance.
There's outside seating available under umbrellas, besides the inside seating.
I've tried a few of their dishes and all have been tasty.
I hope Sofrita can expand the menu a bit beyond tapas (love to see pasteles added).
They could seriously rock with an expanded menu, I think!
I recommend Sofrita to all, for Puerto-Rican inspired food that doesn't follow rigid culinary rules.
Tea Lovers: Their selections are awesome!

Yah!
I went to Sofrita's today for lunch.
The spanish tacos were great!
tasty meat lots of fresh topings, Lovely.
They had live music playing on the patio.
A very pleasant afternoon.
Prices are very reasonable too.
I am happy to report that the problems with the buliding have been resolved.
Frequent Sofritas often Fountain Hills needs this place.

Best food in Fountain Hills ....Check  Best entertainment in Fountain Hills....Check (Flamenco singers and dancers every first and third thursday of the month)  Best location.....Check  (you can sit on the patio, drink a sangria, and watch the Fountain)  Best service .....check (Tracy always treats us well)  not having to drive over the hill to Scottsdale......PRICELESS

My wife and I have been here several times.
The food is very fresh, and the cozy restaurant is clean and inviting.
Everything on their dinner menu is Tapas except for the Puerto Rican pot roast dish which we have yet to try.
The Bruschetta is outstanding because the bread is so delicious.
The first time we were here they had a great scallop ceviche but it is currently not offered.
I would suggest the potato wedges with mustard aioli.
Lightly crispy on the outside and tender as well.
The bacon wrapped dates are to die for.
The best part about Sofrita are the sangrias.I have traveled all over Spain and never encountered Sangria as good as they have at Sofrita.
My favorite is the berry...GET SOME!

I think the high reviews of Sofrita must simply be a function of the limited dining options in Fountain Hills as this is the worst excuse for tapas that I've ever had.
We walked in and were greeted by a strange, musty smell that remained pervasive throughout the meal.
We should have taken that as an indication of what was to come and left, but based on the great reviews, decided to stay.
Big mistake.
I ordered a red sangria which was okay, but had a strange flavor of figs or dates so I'm not sure if it was just made with old wine that had turned and took on a prune juice flavor or if that taste was intentional.
We ordered the olives, fried potatoes, grilled zucchini, shisito peppers, and four different types of bruschetta.
The olives were, well, olives (tough to ruin those) but also contained some off-putting caperberries that we avoided.
The grilled zucchini was just plain zucchini with no seasoning whatsoever served with a side of what looked like potato salad as a dip, but we never really could identify what that substance was as it had absolutely no flavor so we opted to avoid the fat that it was obviously adding to the zucchini.
The shisito peppers had no spice or flavor at all and were absolutely swimming in oil.
I've never had a "roasted" pepper that was so soaked in grease.
The waitress asked if we didn't like the peppers when she noticed that all but a few remained and when we pointed out how greasy they were, politely took them off the bill.
The four pieces of bruschetta were all of different varieties: roasted eggplant; ripe tomatoes; avocado and beans; and grilled artichoke with cheese.
The bread was thick and chewy and none of the bruschettas had much flavor at all.
In fact, I think if I had just closed my eyes and randomly selected one off the plate, I probably wouldn't have been able to tell which it was.
The fried potato wedges were actually the best part of the meal, which is sad when the best item is a simple fried potato.
The atmosphere was severely lacking as there were candles on all of the tables and numerous votives on the walls, but not a single one was lit.
The restroom was extremely dark and was absolutely filled with unlit votive candles so I'm not sure if this was an attempt at saving costs, but had I known this, I would have gladly spared a box of votives from home just to create some sort of ambiance while we ate.
The place is also incredibly tiny so I have no idea where the flamenco band and dancers that other reviews have spoken of would perform.
If anyone tried to move through there, they would literally be bumping into tables.
While I love tapas style dining, if this were the only tapas restaurant that there was, I would gladly forego the experience.
Needless to say, we won't be back.

This is a cozy and colorful tapas restaurant in Fountain Hills, that features many delectable small bites such as bacon wrapped dates, shrimp street tacos, papas del padre (organic fried potato wedges with a mustard aoli), and mojitos pelotas (fried crispy meatballs with a green salas) as well as a dozen varieties of bruschetta.
With 4 selections from the bruschetta menu for $12, you can get a great variety that will fill your belly.
We enjoyed the  warm artichoke with queso blanco, the roasted egg plant creole with remoulade, the hearts of palm salsa verde pesto, and the Frangelica (nutella spread and crema Dulce).
This Puerto Rican inspired eatery, which is excellent for small groups and sharing, also has some heartier dishes on its menu such as the Pork Pernil or Ropa Vieja, which are a 12 hour slow cooked pork and beef pot roast.
There are breakfast and lunch menus available here as well, and they all have a very latin american flavor!
Thursdays the restaurant features live flamenco music, transforming this quaint little spot into a romantic destination to wine and dine your darling.
Aside from the diverse menu of Latin dishes, their home-made Sangria is a special treat.
Infused with seasonal fruits, you can get either white or red sangria, either one is fruity and delicious!
A local favorite in Fountain Hills!

Very nice place in Fountain Hills.
It did not disappoint.
We had the meatballs, the tamales one chicken and one pork.
I liked the pork better.
We also had the shrimp tacos, very tasty, and of course I had to have Tostones, delicious plantain slices that are fried twice, what is not to love about it.
My little boy loved them.
Service was excellent, they are very friendly.

Great Tapas bar in Fountain Hills!
Went on a Yelp search and Sofrita was spot on with the reviews.
The restaurant is small in size, but it may have seemed a little smaller with the live entertainment.
BTW the spanish guitar and singer were amazing.
I don't mean to knock Fountain Hills at all, but we were pleasantly surprised to have great entertainment like that there.
The food was inhaled!!!
Bruschetta was absolutely delicious.
If you go there make sure you order it.
We also had the Macaroni Cheese which was excellent and we called it.
Crumbled Cheese Its on top.
Yum.
If you are looking for a getaway from the valley, head up to Fountain Hills and visit Sofrita.
You will not be disappointed.

Very creative menu.
Delicious food for the most part.
Occasionally there have been some weird waitresses in there that act like they are too good to help you, and you are an inconvenience.
I was very put off when I walked in and asked if I could order something to go and was told "NO"...seriously WTH?
You don't want my money...alrighty then.

Great find!
White sangria was very good.
Shared a tortilla wrap and salad.
Both were fresh, interesting and tasty.
This is a place we would come back to to try more of the interesting Spanish-inspired menu

Sorry, to say our meal was not tasty at all and our tamale was cold.
Maybe they can improve as we need more types and styles of food in Fountain Hills.

Enjoyed the perfect meal last night.
Sangria, monfongitos appetizer, smoked salmon, brie & apple, BLT and fresh tomato bruschetta platter, followed up with an incredibly delicious café Rico and flan.
All served up by an exceptionally professional and friendly waitress Kim.

Great little restaurant a short stroll from the fountain in Fountain Hills.
I visited with my hiking group for lunch on a Wednesday.
Even  though there were 28 of us, Carolyn Redondo and her crew made us feel right at home.
The menu is chock full of new & different approaches to Latino favorites (I'm pretty sure there is a strong Puerto Rican influence here).
This is an especially good stop for the vegetarians in your circle but the meat lovers won't go wanting....loved the pork tacos!
Can't wait to go back for breakfast...the Chilaquiles Verde looks awesome!
Great find!

Great atmosphere and amazing food... and the most romantic bathroom in town.

What a gem!
Wonderful food, beautiful atmosphere, and a friendly, helpful staff.
Do not miss the fish tacos, bacon wrapped dates, or the flan....out of this world!
I love this place.
Worth a trip from Scottsdale for drinks and yummy food, as there is just no place else like it.

4 1/2 Stars...Hubby and I lunched at Sofrita on 3/28/12...loved it!!!!
Cute outdoor patio with big umbrellas for shade.
Inside did seem rather tiny though.
Had the absolutely delightful Shrimp Tacos...totally addicting (actually craving them now but we live 60 or so miles away).
Anyhow, the 3 corn tortilla tacos had one large shrimp that had a light, crispy breading with shredded cabbage and a delicious sauce...just yummy!
Almost everyone ordered the Shrimp Tacos while we were there.
Hubby had the HUGE breakfast burrito...which he loved but had a hard time finishing..and he usually finishes everything.
Believe me it's huge!!
Margarita not very good but the Red Wine Sangria was wonderful!
Light and refreshing.
Chips and salsa (which you have to purchase) were really good...chips were homemade and the salsa was very fresh with just the right amount of heat for me.
Had a Chocolate Whiskey cake for dessert...very rich and very chocolatey..not great but good!!
Prices are great.
Had two alcoholic beverages, one iced tea, two entrees, chips and salsa and one dessert for about $45.
Menu at lunch seemed rather limited but sooooooo good.
Will definitely go again for dinner hoping there is more on the menu.
Actually I really want the Shrimp Tacos again... :)  Enjoy!

The best Huevos Racheros ever and great tacos!
Always great service, very friendly, and very good prices.

Absolutely incredible food.
Service was quick and friendly.
I'll definitely be here more often.

Absolutely delicious!
We had their shrimp tacos, tortilla soup, El gran combo salad, and tamal con huevos.
everything we ate was amazing!
Their ginger lemonade was refreshing.
But the most amazing dish was their Caramelo cake!
OMG!

Tried this place multiple times.
Many different items.
The only thing Worth remembering were the margaritas and the had pretty good service.

This place is sensational.
Went her about 7-8 times in our 10 day stay in Scottsdale/Fountain Hills.
Just couldn't get enough.
Food and variety of is great, terrific decor and friendly service.
A restaurant that really has it all together.
Red Sangria best I've ever had.

This wonderful little place is as good as it gets!
Small, intimate, and a wonderful array of dishes to choose from... Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner!
Service is amazing and very personal.
Wait for the cool down of the weather and eat outside with music and entertainment.
Sangria is to die for!
Shrimp Street tacos a must!
Prices are great and  the staff/owner is warm and inviting.
As far as in the Valley, it may be a drive, but well worth it!

Sofrita is a great happy hour spot!
We went last night as their happy hour runs 3-6p daily.
We tried a lot of food - chips & salsa, potato wedges & a few street tacos.
Everything we had was delicious & tasted authentic.
If you're not drinking, try the ginger lemonade!
Awesome tacos, breakfast all day, adorable patio, great service, dog friendly patio...check it out!

08/05/11  I went during happy hour.
I had two mini-margaritas, which were good.
I also has the rum soaked puerco tacos.
They were very good.
The serving "rack" is a nice gimmick, but I'd prefer a normal plate.
The coconut flan was delicious.
The service was fast and friendly from beginning to end.
Upon entry to the location, I could smell something very pleasant, although I could not determine the source.
It was not a food type smell and was not overpowering.
I'd like to know what it is, so I can use it in my house.

Cons: 1.
We were seated 10 minutes before happy-hour ended, but were not greeted by a waitress until it was too late to order.
I had to ask 3 times for another drink before either waitress would bring me one, and then was overcharged on my bill for an incorrect number of beers.
Just because I asked 6 times for a beer, I only actually ordered 3.
This does not give you permission to charge me for 6 beers.
None of the food came out at the same time.
There was a 10-minute gap between when the first plate came out and when the last plate came out.
The quality of the food was poor to say the least.
$7 for a salad that was no bigger than the bowl of cereal I ate this morning is unacceptable.
Also, the creations found in the selection for the bruschetta board reminded me of when my 4 year-old nephew made his own lunch one day; "Nacho cheese with sliced dates covered in crushed-up Dorito chips"  Pros: 1.
None of my party has contracted Dysentery.
They serve alcohol 3.
I was able to beg and plead and get at least 3 drinks from the watiress.
I was able to spend time on the patio with my family.
Overall: Next time we will know better...

The sangria is the best.
If you're looking for TAPAS, you've come to the right place.
The food is unique and wonderful.
Tried their Shrimp Taco, YUMMY.
The brushetta, 4 for $12, was delicious and filling.
Also the Tomales were great.
Seems that all the vegetables they use are fresh.
I tried their salad which came in a small bowl which looked like it wasn't enough until you start digging down and eating.
Service was excellent and polite.
Which I had enough room for the coconut flan.
I'll order it the next time.

Stopped in after a long walk around Fountain Park.
All our food items were homemade and fresh.
We tried 6 different plates and all were very good.
Prices are reasonable.
They have a daily happy hour with $3 mini-margaritas, $2 beer and $1 tacos.
Think the timing was 3-5 p.m. Will plan to go back for one of the happy hours when the weather improves.
Our server was very friendly and they have an outdoor dog-friendly patio area.
Several people were there with their dogs, enjoying the afternoon.
They also have another outdoor patio area for people only.
Overall, it was very enjoyable lunch and will definitely go back.
(Ate outside, but the inside seating is very limited, so could get crowded quickly in the evenings or on bad weather days.

3/18/13 - sangria was too sweet!
Sat on the patio and enjoyed the tapas.
Definitely try the bruschetta sampler.
Brie with apple and jam was favorite.
Also enjoyed the roasted eggplant.
The cilantro hummus was bland.
Waitress should become a little more knowledgeable of menu.

This is a nice little Latin American themed restaurant.
It has a very homey feel, like you're visiting someone's home kitchen.
The staff members were friendly and working hard.
We tried the chilaquiles, tortilla soup, and shredded beef tacos.
The chilaquiles were very good, especially the tender pieces of flavorful chicken and the fresh green chili sauce.
The tortilla soup was hearty and had a pleasant flavor.
The tortilla strips and melted queso fresco inside added a nice touch.
The shredded beef was marinated in interesting flavors (something beer/alcohol-based I believe) and made for a good light taco meal.
The prices were fair, with entrees coming in around $10 and individual tacos at $2 each.
The soup was very good, but at $6, it feels a little overpriced.
Overall, it was a good experience and a tasty meal.
They even gave me a tea refill to go afterwards.
I would like to visit again.
I am concerned about the service, however.
While the two people there were friendly and working hard, it was a tad bit slow with only a few tables occupied.
Since it appears that the only staff is a mother/daughter team, there is no way they could adequately serve this place if it were half or more filled.
There were tables filled with leftovers from previous guests as we left, which is another sign that it's just too much work to keep up with when understaffed.
Thus, the experience of a diner during a busier time would likely be worse than my own on this trip.

This place is really great.
I have only come here after spending some time at the dog park down the street.
Why?
Well by then my pup is tired and Sofrita allows dogs on the patio (not just outside the fence).
Be prepared to be on Spanish time when you dine here.
The service is slow and no one is ever in a hurry.
This can get annoying if you aren't expecting it.
They have great sangria's, served in huge glasses with lots of fruit.
The chips and salsa is really good!
The chips are made fresh and so is the mild salsa.
If you want it hotter you're going to have to add some hot sauce.
The tacos are quite doog and a steal at $2 a piece (less during HH I think).
My favorites are the pork and potato...stay away from the chicken, dry and boring.
Definitely a great place to relax, take it slow and enjoy an afternoon on the patio.

I went here for lunch one day with a couple of friends.
We enjoyed the views, the service was very friendly and the prices were great.
But the MOST impressive part was the food!
SOOO yummy!
And I enjoyed their creative presentation of foods by using unique dishes.
And, their patio is dog friendly; complete with doggie treats and water dishes.
I'm looking forward to going back.
:-)

Website exaggerates the atmosphere and location.
The website video makes this sound like it will be a special dining experience and itjust isn't..   Food was somewhat bland and average.
Not a great value ($75 for two) and the owner who was bright and cheery in the website video was anything but... Maybe she was having a bad day.
Go to Scottsdale.
PS The website also gives the impression that the restaurant has a waterfront view of the fountain, but the fountain is actually a few blocks away.
:-(

Went here on a Thursday night for the Flamingo Dancing which was entertaining.
This was my first time here.
The service was slow but they had a full patio of people.
Great the ambience.
The only thing I tried on the happy hour menu were the tacos and they were amazing.
The red and white sangria on the other hand was terrible.
Tasted like watered down sugar.
Great happy hour pricing - cheap beer.
I do like how it's an animal friendly patio and will definitely be returning.
I hear their breakfast / brunch is to die for.

Hands down the best restaurant in Fountain Hills!
When you go here you MUST try the chips and salsa.
They make the chips in house and they are seriously THE BEST tortilla chips I have ever had.
The salsa is also nothing short of amazing.
It is fresh, flavorful, and refreshing.
I have NEVER had something here that I didn't like.
I have been here for both lunch and dinner.
During lunch, their breakfast menu is available.
If you order off of that, try the tamale y huevos.
The tamales are amazing.
They're light and have fresh veggies in them (if you order the veggie one).
They also come with a side of potatoes, which are the best potatoes I have ever had.
Next time you're in Fountain Hills, definitely stop in here.
You will not be disappointed.

Good drinks, good Latin music, but so-so food.

We frequently stop in for Sunday brunch.
We've never been disappointed in the food, and the service has improved substantially as the restaurant has matured.
Nice variety and good wines, too.
One of Fountain Hills best.

The food was tasty, but my service was RIDICULOUS!
I seen 3 couples leave as they were not seated and ignored by the employees, along with them I was about to leave until I said something to the server, who gladly told me I could sit where ever and he'd be right on over...well that was not true I sat there for 10 mins and had to go get him myself from the bar area where it seemed all the employees where conversing and having a great time, I know that owners would not approve I've been to Sofritas when they are around and its totally opposite.
The food was good and tasty,

Delicious food and generous wines by the glass!
Yummy!

This is an amazing place.
The flavor combinations are exquisite, the owners are wonderful, and the Happy Hour specials are great.
You have to try the new Hummus dishes!
It's a great relaxing place to eat, drink, and hang out.

Sofrita is a fantastic place to dine in Fountain Hills when you are looking for something different from the standard burger.
The atmosphere is very nice; it almost has a romantic feel to it (great date place!).
The patio is fun to dine on when the weather is cool enough.
It's also nice to sit at the bar during a solo outing and the bartender is friendly and professional.
The food is amazing - I highly recommend the Mediterranean calamari and the salmon dinner, and the veggie breakfast burrito is a great way to start the morning.
They have a great happy hour menu - the garbanzo fritos and bacon wrapped dates are delicious.
This is not someplace to go when you are in a hurry - it can take a little time for them to cook your food.
I wouldn't say it is super slow, but it's not like you order and it comes right out.
It is well worth the wait!!
To me, it's just an opportunity to take a little time to focus on my dinner companions and enjoy a sangria (excellent, by the way).
I highly recommend Sofritas to anyone looking for a high quality meal out.

This place is a jem within Fountain Hills.
With its lovely views of the lake when dining outside, and live music/ performance playing every so often, it makes this place such an romantic and joyous atmosphere to dine in.
We loved the wonderful variety of foods that we tried being that flavors here in Fountain Hills seem to be bland and usually American, this place kicks it up a notch!
Ethnic eats, and soulful atmosphere makes us want to return again and again.
Service was always excellent.

Perhaps it was the setting, dark and muggy night.
Light breeze kicking up small palm fronds which danced along the sidewalk.
Not sure if we felt like having something "heavy" so late at night (8:30p) but could entertain something light.
Female servers (didn't catch names) greeted us w/warm smiles under the semi-eclectic décor and soft lighting.
SOLD!
Ordered the Lo Santo salad w/chicken and Toronja (w/Grapefruit Jarritos soda) Margarita.
Mmmmm!
Delicioso!!
Dining partner ordered their Garbanzo/spinach soup w/bread - tasted his and blew me away!
Go and eat here.
Just go.

One of those great "best kept secret" kind of places.
Food is exceptional and the service was great.
Quaint with great ambiance.

Went here the other night and I ordered the chopped salad, the pimientos, and some red sangria.
The pimientos, which are cooked peppers, were SOOOOO good!
There were a few spicy peppers in there, which made this appetizer flavorful.
The chopped salad was the usual deliciousness.
I got it without cheese and with the lime dressing instead of the creamy chipotle dressing they put on it.
In the past I have had it with the chipotle dressing and it's reallllllly good.
The red sangria was good, a little sweet, but the fruit was plentiful and it was refreshing.
I like sweet though, so it's all good.

The restaurant is styled after Spanish tapas bars, but with a diverse and creative menu with a Latin American influence.
Cute interior, plus outside patio.
Fairly small, not many tables, but there was also a bar area where it looked like you could eat at the bar.
Food was quite good.
The bruschetta plate was excellent.
I would definitely repeat.

Sofrita's has great Sangria and street tacos!
It is a fun place to eat, and you can even bring your dog and let them sit on the patio while you eat!

Came here with my parents for a nice dinner.
The decor is great, and we were greeted and seated promptly.
We ordered quite a bit and decided to share: Bacon wrapped dates: OMG delicious Calamari: Some of the best ive had in a long time, cooked perfectly and sauces were a great compliment Tostones: ehh.. the least favorite of our order Alcapuritas: DELICIOUS!!
For dinner we shared the Ropa Vieja and the Pork, the pork was good but the Ropa Vieja was beyond amazing.
All in all, the staff was beyond pleasant, helpful and attentive.
The atmosphere was dark, romantic- but still family appropriate and the food was delicious.
I highly, highly suggest you check it out!

Let me start by saying if they made six stars, this place would get them ALL!
Amazing and creative food, great atmosphere, not a chain, sweet and knowledgeable waitress... Why oh why Sofrita can't you be located in Old Town???!!
This cute little place has a mom-and-pop type charm with great décor and nice outdoor seating where you can view the fountain from.
We started off with the white wine Sangria, which was de-lish and then got the bruschetta board to split.
Chicken salad- Raspberry Mayo, Dried Cranberries & Smoked Salmon with capers and egg salad... Each bruschetta was better than the next.
Then the tamales, the shrimp street tacos, the street corn elote, tostones and finally these puffy bread treats.
From reading this you might think my boyfriend and I are either obese or part of a competition food eating team, but no both in fact are not true... the food was just that good we continued to order after we had eaten each morsel.
The waitress even applauded us for being "troopers", which I think meant we had eaten more than the party inside of ten, but we couldn't help ourselves.
This place is a MUST if you are in the area...
I cannot wait until we make the journey out of our Old Town bubble and back up to this mouth-watering resto.

Wow what a nice find in FH.
The Sangria and afternoon Tapas plate for $12 was wonderful.
Visiting from Chicago and highly recommend - will be back on our next trip.

Over priced taco stand with little flair.
Plastic silverware and wine is $9 a small glass in plastic.
No thanks.

Excited to try this place after exploring Ftn Hills.
Sangria- if you like your Sangria with a whole lotta sugar you'll like this stuff.
Way too sweet for me, typically red sangria isn't so sweet.
Bacon Wrapped Dates- were just ok. Tamales were good.
Stopped after those 2 as we were underwhelmed.

A homerun, the tapas are a great size for sharing (as well as trying as many different items as possible).
I can't really comment on the sangria because I am not a great fan, however, the prickly pear margaritas were outstanding!
I think I have seen Carolyn harvesting fruit for these.
The atmosphere is fun, just remember that it is a small place, so during high season you will probably have a longer wait.
The food is worth the wait.

Unique inspired tapas- elegant rustic home cooked feel!!
The hunny drove me randomly out to fountain hills one date night.
He could not recall the name of the restaurant so I was getting a little frustrated!!!!
We came in here- he finally found it!
What a yummy gem!
Pros: Zucchini Corn cob Bacon wrapped dates  Red sangria  We also had the pork pernil- very good too!
This restaurant had a great staff, helpful server who gave us space but checked in at all the right times.
This is a perfect date night or family spot.
We ate our zuchinni so quickly the first time we ordered a second plate.
The flavors of everything were so unique but balanced you didn't want to stop eating.
Next time we must get dessert!!
I can only imagine!

This was very good.
We sat down and had drinks.
The margarita was good but the sangria blanco was excellent.
We ordered tacos.
Rocket got the shrimp tacos.
I ordered the chef's taco tasting.
My taco were ok but the rockets shrimp tacos were awesome.
So when we return it shall be..... Sangria and shrimp tacos!!

I cannot see why anyone would give such great reviews for this restaurant.
There is not much to choose from in Fountain Hills, so that might explain the raves.
Notice there are no real pictures of the restaurant on their website.
There is a good reason, the interior is small, dark and cold, both in temperature and decor with maybe 8 tables.
The bulk of the seating is outdoors and if eating on the sidewalk is your thing, then this might be your place.
The food is okay, it's a tapas place so you expect small plates and prices to go along with it.
When portions and prices are not comparable, the word pricey comes to my mind.
However, they do have wonderful multigrain breads, the freshest salads and deliciously brewed coffee.
Maybe we tried it on a bad day, but I would say the service was less than spectacular.
We actually had to get up and walk to the door in order to get our check.
From our experience, there is nothing here to draw us back.

I'm a big fan of many of our Fountain Hills, locally owned and operated restaurants - but Sofrita is probably my favorite of all!
Largely a tapas-based restaurant, some of the best things on the menu are the small bites that are meant to be shared with the whole table.
I love its close, warm atmosphere inside, and it has the dog-friendliest patio outside.
A pan of water and a cookie from Spike's Treats is delivered right away, for all furry patrons.
Also, the patio is perfect for relaxing on a non-summer day, for people watching and of course, for watching the fountain blow, every hour  For breakfast, I've had the chilaquiles, the huevos rancheros, and the bruschetta board on various occasions, and they're all really good!
The chilaquiles are an especial favorite with yolks cooked perfectly-oozy making it an egg-ophile's dream come true!
And the bruschetta board (smoked salmon, caribbean toast, and the hash mash are my favorites) is plenty for two...or enough to bring half home for a yummy second breakfast later on  As mentioned before, my favorites for lunch and dinner are the tapas.
Warm nuts, tostones, zucchini, street corn, the afternoon/evening bruschetta board (this time, my favorites are smoked salmon, brie with apples and jam, olive tapenade with goat cheese, cilantro hummus, mozzarella and red peppers)...are all super yummy!
But I think my absolute favorite are the bacaladitos - served piping hot, in a paper cone, with lime mayonnaise on the side...these are the best, crunchy-on-the-outside-pillowy-&-chewy-on-the-inside salt cod fritters you'll ever have!
I've also had the salmon narania (I would kill to be able to figure out the glaze and sauce), and the pork pernil (unctuous and glorious)  And, they're constantly trying new things and changing the menu, based on seasonal availability and weather-appropriateness.
I love seeing them post on facebook that they're "experimenting" with something new, that it's available "now!
" - and that I'm just a two minute drive away from benefitting from the quick notice  It truly is a little gem!

First time at this place and what a pleasant surprise.
My wife and I come out to Fountain Hills for mountain biking and I think this may become one if our go-to places to eat post ride.
Food tasted great and presentation was also nice.
Much more than I expected for the price.

Sofrita was fantastic.
The boyfriend and I were enjoying a little staycation at a resort nearby and wanted something good for dinner.
We were not disappointed here.
It was a Saturday night, and a little later (for Fountain Hills, anyway) so we got a table no problem.
So many things looked good on the menu but we decided to start with the garbanzos fritos and share the pot roast tacos and a bruschetta board.
The garbanzos came out in a bowl and there was more than enough for the two of us.
Overall the servings here were pretty big.
They were crispy and crunchy.
We didn't know if you were supposed to eat them like chips or with a fork so we did a little of both!
Regardless of eating style, I loved them so much I kinda want to figure out how to make them at home now.
Next came the pot roast tacos and the bruschetta.
First the tacos.
We were expecting a few little tacos - you know, meat in a tortilla?
So when they brought out a big bowl of basically pot roast stew with a few tortillas on the side we were pretty surprised.
But we dug in and just ate the meat and veggies as is, occasionally using the tortillas more like dipping bread.
So like the garbanzos I don't know if we ate it "right" but it was delicious regardless.
Then there was the bruschetta.
This I knew how to eat - haha!
They do not skimp on toppings on these things.
We got one with dates and cream cheese - loaded with dates.
So good.
The artichoke one was really tasty too.
It was all tasty.
I honestly enjoyed everything we tried.
We don't go to Fountain Hills very often (like pretty much never) but that may change now that we found Sofrita.
It'd be worth the drive from the south end of town.

Loved this place, best Sangrias!!!
And the various bruschettas were so tasty.
I'll probably go back tomorrow night.
Can't wait!

The food has always been terrific but now the service is equal to the cuisine.
The reason is pretty straightforward a new manager John I believe.
He has the place humming.
No more long waits for food.
Terrific attitude from everyone.
It's great to have a real professional managing the restaurant its such a jewel!

We are here visiting our good friends in Fountain Hills.
They raved about this place and so we decided to try it for a lunch.
(Our friends came with us).
We were very disappointed.
Service was awful!
Our waitress acted like she was doing us a service to wait on us.
We waited over 30 minutes to even get out drinks.
She spilled two drinks on us at separate times.
First time she didn't say anything and the second time she offered to get us a wet towel.
Never apologized.
The food.
We had heard how great the food was, and even with the bad service we stayed excited to eat.
It wasn't good at all.
Cold when it came out, and overall tasteless.
Their house tomatillo salsa was overly salty and not tasteful at all.
Not one of the members of our party finished their meal.
Overall we were very dissatisfied.
Even our friends from fountain hills expressed their annoyance.
Them, along with us, won't be back.

This restaurant is amazing!
We know the owner/chef personally and really enjoyed what we ordered....and we ordered a lot!
I suggest starting off with a sangria, white or red, I chose red and it was perfectly sweet.
My husband got the Ropa Vieja and I got the Pork Pernil which was cooked for 12 hours.
Don't forget to end your perfect evening with their wonderful selection of coffee.
My husband got the Cafe Cubano which was a small double shot coffee BUT I GOT THE CAFE RICO!
Amaze balls, super strong coffee like I lot with rum and Kahula.
Let's just say I was feeling like a million bucks after that Cafe Rico, lol.
Sofrita's may be in Fountain Hills but is a short trip away from Mesa, Tempe, Scottsdale, Phoenix or Glendale.
Don't miss out!
OH AND IT IS PET FRIENDLY!

All I can say is YUMMMMM.
Great sangria and have the bruschetta sampler to share.
Hummus one is my favorite.
Per other reviews I had the shrimp tacos and they lived up to the reputation.
They are great.
Finished everything off with coconut flan and another sangria

I really enjoyed it!
It's far from our house in PHX but I saw it on a local TV show and had to try it.
The service was very friendly.
We had bruschetta and soup, salad, and tacos.
I liked the black bean taco the best and the tortillas are fresh, homemade.
The drinks looked fabulous but we had tea.
I will go back for sangria or margaritas and bring friends.
My bruschetta was divine even as leftovers!
Everything was high quality and fresh, lovely tomatoes, salad greens.
Very small dining area.....so make a reservation if you plan to go.
Or sit outside if the weather is nice.
Enjoy!

One of the best restaurants we have been to since moving to Scottsdale 7 years ago.
Worth the drive to Fountain Hills.
Great food, service and it's dog friendly.
A restaurant trifecta.

Took Mom here for lunch on May 1st.
She was looking forward to it, as she had seen Sofrita's segment on Check Please!
Arizona on DVR the night a few days before, while I had just seen it the previous night, although I've bookmarked to try this place for many months now, ever since I saw it advertised in the defunct Redendo's Pizzeria on FLW.
Mom ordered the Shrimp Street Tacos, which she very much enjoyed.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sofrita-fountain-hills-2?select=XheSZOnLvhbEccywz17GsA#XheSZOnLvhbEccywz17GsA  I asked what in particular was the best part of this dish for her, and she said that the shrimp were of very good quality- big and great texture.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sofrita-fountain-hills-2?select=mKqlv2n89udvqZ5NxN1-QQ#mKqlv2n89udvqZ5NxN1-QQ  I had the bruschetta board, choice of four, which Mom was also looking forward to trying, since it was featured on the show.
I ordered it, because it was one of the few items I could try (other than the salads) since the tacos were all encased in corn tortillas (corn allergy).
Their website mentions sandwiches, but I don't recall seeing any listed in their one-page menu...
I chose (from left to right) Cilantro hummus- awesome flavors, and one of my favorites of the four; Red pepper hummus- didn't impress me, but I've had a sensitivity to red bell peppers over the past few years, but Mom loved this one (!
); Smoked salmon (with egg salad El Diablo and capers, and diced cucumbers as well, for those who are allergic to cukes)... this was another one I liked; and Chicken salad (with raspberry mayo and dried cranberries)- took me a couple of bites transitioning from the smoked salmon for me to enjoy this one.
I liked the textural differences from the soft mouth-feel of smoked salmon and egg salad to the chunky grilled chicken cubes and chewy dried cranberries.
Mom didn't care for it.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sofrita-fountain-hills-2?select=8lgYMMl2ej3wAyJJtxxk7Q#8lgYMMl2ej3wAyJJtxxk7Q  And last, but certainly not the least, was the star of the show... Postre de caramelo, or simply "Santa Marta," a yellow cake, which reminded me of pineapple upside-down's yellow cake, with a layer of flan on top, toffee crumbles, and caramel and cream sauces drizzled on top.
I had the berries on the side due to an allergy (yes, it sucks to be me).
The two-sauce combo also gave the yellow cake a slight "tres leches cake" flavor, which I love.
This was a big hit with Mom!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sofrita-fountain-hills-2?select=wdwuhI4KDoUYz3cU1IAVoQ#wdwuhI4KDoUYz3cU1IAVoQ  3.25 stars for now, but we definitely want to go back.
Mom wasn't happy about the prices, but our server, who I later found out was the manager (chatted her up after Mom left and I paid the bill), and the kitchen were willing to work with my allergies and tried to accommodate.
I love that the area is across the water fountain!
I somehow missed the fountain on my way to the restaurant (we came in separate cars), and I was on my way home when I spotted it across the street, so I parked at the shopping complex and went for a stroll.
I want to take Mom back to Sofrita, so that she and I can have a stroll after.
That is, if I can talk her into it...  Btw, the fountain comes alive on the hour, every hour, and I was lucky to catch the show before it turned off around the 15-minute mark.
p.s.
The unisex restroom was quaintly-decorated (unlit ritual candles, wood sculptures, etc).
It's dark in there, which may have contributed to the slight urine odor I detected, possibly from little boys (and/or perhaps drunk men) missing their marks?
I didn't want to stay long enough to find out.
I meant to say something to our server on my way out, but got sidetracked talking about Redendo's former pizzeria location on FLW that was sold a couple of years ago.

Very satisfied!
Great food!
Quiet!
Perfect!
New to Fountain Hills.
This is the place we were looking for

My girlfriend and I tried this restaurant.
It was new, and delicious.
For two people + dessert, the bill was ~$48.

I went to Sofrita 30min before closing time and I was pleasantly surprised with outstanding service and food!
The grilled salmon was perfect!
The decoration was lovely and the restaurant was very clean.
The waitress was exceptional and represented the restaurant t well.
The relaxing  "Bossa Nova" songs played in the background was a nice touch too.
No doubt  it's one of the best restaurants in Fountain Hills.

I drove all the way from Phoenix to find a bit of Puerto Rican food.
The lunch menu was very small with very few items to choose from.
When I ordered a side of Tostones ( a typical PR item) the waitress said they are out of season.
WHAT?
We ordered tacos with pernil and rope vieja, and I can honestly say they were the worst street tacos I have ever had.
If you are looking for a small taste of Puerto Rican food, this is not the place.
I know Puerto Rican foods are very time consuming and I can say this restaurant has taken the lazy Americanized route making this restaurant at the bottom of my list.

