As an absent owner of a rental property it's difficult to find a reliable maintenance company to care for your yard.
Unknowing my yard was getting worse and worse, or perhaps it was laziness before I decided to look for a new service provider.
When I found Green ServPro, my yard was in pretty bad shape -Dry patches, weeds and generally bad condition considering it had been receiving "professional service" for years.
It took several months, soil treatments and who knows what but Larry and Team have my yard back to looking green and healthy.
The back office is also a delight to work with.
Professional and regular invoicing with autopay or pay via link options, email updates regarding seasonal changes and reminders, personal emails regarding your specific property needs, etc etc.
The transformation of the yard and my mental state sense switching to Green ServePro has been remarkable.
I can't recommend their services enough.
Whether you live locally, have investment properties or even require on-call seasonal needs; this is your team!

Had sod installed by them.
At first they were very prompt but soon after the work was scheduled there was always a scheduling issue.
After the sod was finally installed, late I might add, there were problems with the sprinkler system that they just replaced all the heads on as they were crooked and not high enough.
I was told when they came to look at the sprinklers that I was keeping the grass too long.
They have attempted to remedy the sprinkler issues twice now with no luck but the problem is that they used too short of a sprinkler.
Previously my sprinklers were 4 inches tall, this allows them to be placed further in the ground but yet extend higher above ground but Green ServPro removed all of them and put in 2 inch sprinklers which is what is causing all the sprinkler problems Tyring to cut the grass shorter was a joke because when they laid the sod the yard was either not smoothed out well enough or they didn't roll the sod properly because when you try to cut it some parts of the lawn end up scalped because of the uneveness of the lawn...I never had issues with the sprinklers or the uneveness of the lawn before Green ServPro removed the old lawn and resodded it.
I decided to give Green ServPro one last chance and have them overseed my lawn for winter grass as they sent me an offer in my email.
After attempting to contact them twice in regards to this I have yet to hear anything from them and believe that they hope I will just go away.
Dealing with the office staff is no better as the lack of communication is laughable with this company.
How places like this stay in business is beyond me.

Had them come out and look at my place for bi-weekly maintenance.
Told them we like the plants and bushes to grow natural - just trim the stragglers, cut the grass, clean up.
First visit - looked like a 4 year old got hold of a weed whacker and attacked our bushes.
Called in their management, asked him to review pictures his guy took, and he defended their work!!
Second visit - after telling the owner just cut the grass and clean up debris - guess what - the four year old was back Resolution - fired them.
Worse yet, their price was 50% hiring than the last guy.

I was moving out of a rental property and needed to have the rainforest that had grown in the backyard cleared out.
I worked with Natalie who was WONDERFUL and very communicative throughout the process.
She made sure that I had all of the answers to my questions and helped me get the date best for me and their crew scheduled.
The guys came on the day and time promised and did a good job.
Not much on the expectation scale to be honest; just wanted everything cleared out so I could get my deposit back.
They went above and beyond and also pruned the tree and shrubs which I hadn't asked them to do.
Given all of the other local companies I reached out to who either didn't bother to even answer me or gave me some totally outrageous quote given what I needed done, Green ServPro was a welcome change.

