It's been a while since I moved but a friend of mine just moved and reminded me of these guys.
The first time I used them I already had a reservation booked with another company.
That company no-showed on me and I was left with this being the only day I could move out of my apartment into my new apartment.
In a moment of panic I found these guys on Yahoo and I called.
Tim answered and after hearing my story told me they were already booked for the day but they would find a way to make my move happen.
He quoted me a price over the phone (much less than other moving companies), he showed up on time, his crew didn't complain one bit about having to haul everything I own down 3 flights of stairs (and up another flight at my new apartment).
Best part - there were no additional charges on top of what he quoted me on the phone.
He and his crew were very professional - they took the time to wrap up my furniture and were very careful in handling everything.
I gave them a very nice tip since they were so awesome about fitting us in on the day we called.
A year after this we bought our first house and I called Tim again.
We got the same service the 2nd time we used him and the same good pricing.
They're truly great - up front, straight forward hard-working team that lives up to their word.
I have recommended them to another friend of mine who lives locally and she has used them twice and also thought they did a phenomenal job.
If you're moving, call Tim!

I have moved 5 times in 6 years.
I used this company each time.
They were WONDERFUL.
They showed up ON TIME every time.
They were in & out in record time.
They were very careful with my belongings.
Never broke a single item.
The best part about them is that they give you a SOLID price up front.
The owner, Tim, comes the week before and you show him all the big furniture that they will be moving.
He gives you a price based on that, then a price per box.
You will know ahead of time exaclty what you are paying.
You don't have to guess whether you need 2 guys or 4, you don't have to guess how long it will take.
You're not paying by the hour.
These guys were quick, efficient and friendly.
I have recommended him to several of my friends, including a local business which he moved.
Every single person has been over the top thrilled.

These guys are fast, professional, and reasonably priced.
Tim has helped me and my friends move a total of 5 times with no complaints.
There is never any damage done to my house or my furniture ever.
I am getting ready for another move and you know who I am calling.

As a retired Naval Officer I moved routinely during the course of my naval career.
None of those moves went as smoothly as my last move when Tim and his crew moved my wife and I from three locations (2 houses and a storage unit) to our new house.
Tim was very supportive in consolidating our moves to minimize cost and offered suggestions how to keep his costs down.
They were on time, respectful of our things and moved with a sense of urgency; Tim billed actual quoted price and completed the move(s) in much less time than I anticipated.
Moving is stressful enough - A Master Movers reduces some of that stress.

Tim was very organized & friendly.
He quoted me a price before the scheduled move & texted us 30 mins before his arrival.
My friends and I were all moving stuff---so we had to go to 4 different apartments, and despite it being a complicated move, everything went smoothly & perfectly.
I highly recommend them :)

They were incredibly fast, as promised.
Well prepared with drape cloths, dollies, etc... Also, a great deal for the price.
Flexible Schedules.
Would suggest that they have shirts that identify them as part of the company.
Wasn't sure who they were when they first showed up.
Highly Recommended.

Tim and his crew have moved my husband and I 5 or 6 times in the last 9 years and we've recommended him to several of our friends who have used him quite a few times as well.
We all agree this is the only way to move.
The best part is the up front quote.
You know what you are getting and how much it is going to cost.
Definitely the best deal out there.
And it's not just about great rates, they are fast and professional and show up when they say they will.

Courteous service, on-time, well equipped with padding & wrapping items, excellent price, and was flexible on-site with minor additions to move contents & longer than expected driveway.
Moved 600 square feet of furniture 20 miles much quicker than expected without cutting corners.
I would highly recommend them to anyone!

This review is long overdue!
We moved the second week of October.
Tim beat the price of everyone out there, PLUS there were no hidden fees.
He has you make a list of what you want to take.
I thought, this is going to cost me $$$, but it was actually less money.
There was no extra labor charge or hourly charges that were milked.
We did end up paying a little more but that is because they were doing such an efficient job, that WE added more stuff.
Originally we wanted to use them just to move the big items and some heavy boxes, but they even helped us stack our full size washer and dryer and even offered to hook it up for us!
They took apart the beds and set them back up as well.
Just tell them if you want it a bit tighter, we had to tighten ours a bit but that was no biggie.
His workers Billy, Willie, some other guy (Forgive me,I forgot his name) and Joey.
They worked hard, but Joey was a BEAST!
He seemed to move the fastest and was strong!
He was also very friendly.
All of them were respectable and did a great job moving fast.
They moved my 2300 sq foot house in less than 4 hrs with 2 trips!
Yes, I had a lot of furniture I think my husband is Fred Sanford of Sanford and Son reincarnated!
Will I use them again?
You betcha!

These guys were fantastic.
We had our first major move today.
I called them a day ahead of time and they gave me a price quote, which was very low!
I asked another company if they could match it and they couldn't.
They were so prepared and so efficient.
I was really dreading moving all of our furniture to a smaller apartment, but these guys made it so easy.
They worked so quickly and with so much care.
Through walking up stairs and going through small doors and hallways they didn't break or damage anything.
The price they quoted at the beginning was the same at the end.
I am so impressed with their work!

This was one of the smoothest moves I have ever been a part of.
Tim and his crew were fast, efficient and very professional.
Overall great experience.

Tim and his crew ( family ) moved us twice and we are very happy with A Master Mover.
Timely, reasonable, competent and friendly.
what more could you ask for?

By far the worst customer service.
I went to their website to request a quote & got this response: I tried to send this before and it was sent back error if this gets through can you call me I have some questions to ask you about the move so I can give you an exact price quote 602-525-7396.
Since I worked late, I responded I got the email & asked what questions he had, he responded: As I said I have some questions if you still want a quote you can give me a call tomorrow.
(Left me questioning the attitude).
When I finally squeezed a minute to call, Tim, had the worst attitude constantly talking down on me with  "let's try this again" when he was questioning what items I had to move a month from now.
Worst customer service, by far!

I've had the unfortunate experience of having to move several times in the past few years.
I have used other movers and can't say I had any complaints about them, but Tim provided a great service for far less money.
He arrived within his scheduled time frame and his four worker bees loaded my stuff into the trailer 45 minutes and the whole move was done in 2 hours.
When I had to change my "move to" address at the last minute, Tim was very accommodating and actually lowered my price because the new place was ground level (no stairs).
I will definitely be using A Master Mover on my next move

Tim!!!
You are awesome!!!!
Your crew was amazing!!
Being from a military family we go through a lot of moves.
We've seen the best and the worst.
Master Mover by far has been the best movers we've ever experienced.
No hidden charges!
They take care of your furniture and your home!
The crew is very professional.
Thanks guys!!
GO ARMY!

I have used the "hunks" twice for my moves.
They were efficient and on time.
My furniture was delivered in great shape.
I also liked the idea that most of the movers are attending college and need flexibility in their working hours.
I am  big fan of this company!

Tim is the absolute best!
I was skeptical of him when I saw these reviews, because no one leaves good reviews for movers, but he gave us a quote, stuck to it, and when we had more boxes and items then we thought, he was able to revise the quote on the spot and the increase was only a few bucks!
They were so professional and there was not a single item damaged or lost.
His prices are downright cheap - it cost us 1/3 of what our first move cost us 5 years ago, and we had way more furniture and items this time around.
I would recommend Tim and A Master Mover to anyone that I know who is moving.

Tim and his team were fantastic!
I'm so sick of the movers who overcharge based on time, Tim charges per item and is his initial quote was spot on!!
They were super efficient, clean and friendly!
They took care of every item, wrapped the doorways and didn't damage anything.
There were no hidden costs, he tightened and fixed some of my furniture, and moved things around so that we were situated right away.

Six years ago I used A Master Mover to help with my move and the service was amazing.
Well when it came time for me to move again I knew exactly who to call.
Tim was just as punctual, affordable, and attentive as before.
I didn't have any issues and the quote was reasonable and didn't change on the day of the move.
I will continue to use this company and recommend the service to anyone else I know.
You just don't find great customer service like this anywhere.

