There is SO much more to this UGG store than sheepskin shoes, which I believe shouldn't be worn in public anyway.
First of all, it's a big store and it's so stunningly decorated and merchandised.
Second of all, UGG is going the fashion-y way and this store is carrying some really cute and stylish wedge boots and Boho-like riding boots.
And the handbags are to-die-for, with super supple leather and so wonderfully lightweight!
They're also carrying men's boots and outwear, women's apparel and outwear and kids' stuff, too.
So the whole family is covered at UGG.
You really have to check it out.
It's the first Las Vegas location and the tenth concept store in the U.S.

OK, I love UGG's in general, own 4 pairs of boots, clogs, slippers, etc.
So when I went into this store, I was fully prepared to buy something, but, wait a minute.
The saleswoman was very RUDE, I was browsing the store, found a pair of shoes for my sweetie, told her I was going to get my husband outside, would be right back.
Guess what she said, "Oh, is he the money maker???
I said NO, just wanted him to try on some shoes...
I was speechless that she would say such a tacky thing in the year 2011, really...
I will never shop at this store, and hope if the management ever reads this review they will give a sensitivity training seminar to their staff.
I was in the store on Sunday, Feb. 20th around 3PM, and did not return.
Sad that this attitude still exists in our modern world.

Excellent customer service.
The sales associate that assisted me was one of the best sales associates.
She wasn't just trying to make a sale, she made sure I walked out of the store with shoes I like and that fit perfectly.
I almost had a pair that were a size too big, but when asking me about comfort, she noticed that they seemed a tad too big.
So rather than buying one pair, I ended up with two.
Two days before I was at a Nordstrom's getting ready to buy a pair of boots and the guy knew absolutely nothing about the shoes.
I'm just glad I waited.

Got boots that I've been wanting on sale for about 100 off

