Through Tricia's recommendation, I decided to go with this cleaning service and I do not regret it.
They do an amazing job cleaning.
It is a little more than your average cleaning lady, but I'm willing to pay more for less hassle and an actual bonded cleaning service.
It's a smaller operation so you have the benefit of a bonded cleaning service without having to deal with someone new everytime you call or have an issue.
Nancy handles everything.
If you are looking for a cleaning service, I highly recommend this one.

I wasn't able to initially talk to them when I called a few times - no problem, they called me back within an hour.
The person who answered the phone was sympathetic to me needing my place cleaned quickly and was able to make arrangements to meet me early the next day and was understanding when I was late!
The price was very fair and they did a great job cleaning my place.
Will recommend to others and use again if I need cleaners.

After much consideration, my girlfriend and I decided it was time to bring someone in to help us keep up with our busy lives.
I searched and searched the web and was so disappointed with all of the reviews I was finding -- until I found JNS.
I emailed them and got an immediate response.
Nancy (the owner) personally came to my home to give a fair estimate.
When she told me everything they do and then told me the price, I was shocked; it was so inexpensive compared to all of these other companies.
Today was our first "cleaning" and needless to say... they blew me away.
The staff was on-time, professional, extremely courteous, polite and did an amazing job.
They brought all of their own stuff (including a vacuum!
) so I just had to let them in and left.
I can't say enough good things about all of them, including the owner, who has been extremely flexible and patient with my schedule.
Most of all, we have a cat and they were extra cautious.
Bottom line, don't look anywhere else.
This place has a 5-star rating for a reason.

J.N.S is WONDERFUL!
My townhouse I clean myself regularly because I have cats but J.N.S.
did a great deep clean before my roommate moved in.
The house looked and smelled great!
They cleaned down to the tiniest detail, it felt like a new house.
A team of 5 ladies came in and were done in 2  hours.
They brought all their own products and equipment.
I would definitely recommend J.N.S for future cleaning whether it be a deep clean, or just a regular monthly service.
Nancy the owner  is very accommodating and friendly.
THE BEST CLEANING SERVICE IN LAS VEGAS!

We are thrilled with our first cleaning.
Our house is sparkling.
Thank you, J.N.S.

Cleaning crew did an excellent job.
I didn't even know my sink could still get that clean.
Third cleaning company I've hired in the last year, first one to properly clean the wood laminate and bathrooms with the correct attention to detail.
Good job.

I just got home after a long day at work and I immediately felt compelled to write this because my favorite days are when JNS cleans my house.
The JNS team did a tremendous job cleaning my home today and the space has an incredible energy that makes it easier to relax.
They are detail oriented and are the best house cleaning service I have used in Las Vegas.
I trust the team to clean my home without me being present and after nearly 2 years, they have never disappointed me.
I am grateful to have found such a hardworking and honest company to provide such a fantastic house cleaning service.

Excellent service.
I got the house deep cleaned as a surprise for my Mom's birthday.
I didn't expect the maids to be so fantastic.
They got into every nook and cranny.
The house looks fabulous and my Mom was super happy.
The owner was so nice and gave me a very reasonable price.
Worth every penny!

I just moved to Las Vegas in March and had a couple of referrals for cleaning women that either didn't call me back or worse, had set an appointment and didn't show up...twice.
I decided to take matters into my own hands and use Yelp for a referral.
I chose JNS Final Touch LLC because of the great reviews and their professional website.
Nancy came by my house, gave me a quote ($30 more than what I had been paying but I agreed.
)  Her team showed up at my house at the designated time.
When they left (about 3 hours later) my house was immaculate.
It is hands down the best cleaning service I've experienced in my 10+ years of utilizing a cleaning service.
The attention to detail was hotel quality - in fact, that's how I felt after they left - like I was in an immaculate hotel room.
I have a higher standard now thanks to JNS Final Touch and I highly recommend them.
It is an investment in peace of mind and you will get your money's worth.
I guarantee it.
:-)

