I wish I could live here.
I go to Kaitlyn and she is magestic.
My only problem is that now my left arm is so pretty and my right arm gets so jealous.
It's causing fights between them.
Try explaining that one.

First time here was great!
I walked in just to see what the place was like, and was immediately greeted by Joe.
Super chill dude, answered a lot of questions all while working on a piece for someone else.
I began to ask if he could help me fix one of my tattoos, and then we talked about my (hopefully) soon-to-be sleeve.
I already have a cupcake tattoo and wanted to get a friend for it, so Joe drew one up in a couple of minutes and I was thrilled!
It was super cute and exactly what I was looking for.
He was poking me with needles and ink shortly thereafter and when he saw that my existing cupcake needed a little touch up, he offered to fill in the spot for free and added some sprinkles:) What a great first time experience!
My newest edition is healing up very nicely, hardly had any itching or scabbing and it looks great!!
I will be coming back to Joe for my sleeve for sure!

Travis is hands down the coolest and most talented tattoo artist I've ever had the pleasure of meeting.
His creativity, skill, and professionalism go unparalleled.
Quite possibly the quickest tattoo artist I've ever met as well.
After he finished a large tattoo on my arm I went back to him within weeks to complete two more tattoos in one sitting.
All three of the tattoos completed by him remain to be my all time favorite.
If you want any ole tattoo, go anywhere.
Who cares.
But If you want a beautiful tattoo you will absolutely love... go see Travis.

I was referred to Travis by a friend of mine and I'm so glad I took that advice!
This was my first tattoo experience and it couldn't have gone any smoother.
Travis was very professional and also extremely personable and made the experience comfortable.
My fiancee has had tattoos done in the past by other artists an he is going to go back to Travis to have him fix his previous tattoos up because he was happy with his work.
I would recommend him to anyone in a heartbeat...You won't be disappointed!

Still killing it.
I live in San Diego now, and will still drive to Phoenix to see Travis.

Travis is making my left arm BEAUTIFUL!
Such fantastic work and a fantastic person.
Helpful and helped me figure out what I wanted to the T. I couldn't think of a better shop and artist to put together fine work.
No one will ever work on me again, but him.
Go here, you'll love it.

