We found Clearly Professional though the web.
Upon calling, we were quickly able to make an appointment.
Brad, the owner, was at our house on time and did an amazing job on our windows.
He was extremely thorough, taking down all the sun screens and cleaning those as well.
I was amazed that our windows could look so good!
Brad is a very personable guy, one that I would trust being at my house when I'm not home even.
He even brought in our trash bin from the curb to our side yard without our asking... who else would do that???
He was great.
He was also able to re-screen our over sized, ripped screen door for a very reasonable price.
I look forward to using Clearly Professional Window Cleaning again!

Brad is very careful.
He's personable, and his cost is reasonable.
I would trust him enough to lend him my house key.

Another review I forgot to finish... Brad had a lot a lot of attention to detail and did a super job on the windows and screens and the exterior window trim... as in they looked new and they're at least 5+ years old.
Definitely something we put off for far too long.
Just to note... Brads a really nice guy and was very personable and the cool thing that he did.... he took in my recycling bin from the road and put it away for me... who does that?
that's just awesome!
again... attention to detail and nice guy just sums it all up.
I've sent a couple people his way already and they're happy as well.
I have no problem recommending Brad or using his services again.

Brad and team did an excellent job on our house.
We have a challenging job -- a ton of very complex glass.
A large job to say the least.
On time, on task and great follow-up.
They did a terrific job and i would highly recommend them.

LOVE this company!
Brad helped me out of a truly nasty deadline in getting our home ready for sale.
He was able to fit me in within 36 hours.
His prices are outstanding and very upfront.
I don't think I've ever seen our windows this clean (shhh don't tell my husband), he also removed and cleaned all of the screens.
We only had him do the exterior windows at this time but I'd love to have him back next time we need full inside and out washing.
Brad is a super nice guy, just one of those people who gives you good "vibes" the minute you meet them.
He wore clean booties inside my house when he had to walk through to get to a patio - thank heaven since I just had my carpets cleaned.
He even noticed that there were a few bulbs out in our overhead light by the front door and changed them out for me!
I'd recommend him to anyone who needs their windows done!

Brad did an awesome job on our (exterior) windows and screens which were very much in need of cleaning!
We were able to schedule an appointment within just a few days of calling.
I was surprised to see he was a crew of just one, but he has the process perfected as everything was completed in about 4 hours.
It definitely would have taken us much longer and the windows wouldn't look nearly as good!
In addition to the fabulously clean windows and screens, Brad's prices are very reasonable and he's just an overall nice guy.
Kind of a rarity in this business.
We'll definitely call him in the future!

My boss asked me to find someone to clean the office windows (about 50 large panes) inside and out, so I got in touch with Brad.
He was very professional throughout the experience, and his mastery of this craft is phenomenal.
The windows were crystal clear within a few hours; he did a very thorough job.
Punctual, efficient, and easy to work with--his rate was very competitive, and his work is worth every penny!
The office looks brand new.

We needed our windows cleaned and our previous service had raised his price by 30%.
So we went to Yelp and read the reviews and  found so many people were really happy with CPWC.
So we set up an appointment for yesterday.
Brad is a very likable guy and the best thing is that he delivers quality.
Our windows are squeeky clean and we are thrilled.
Brad will be our window man from now on.
He also pointed out some breaks on our stucco which needed repair.
Brad's company also fixes screens, changes batteries on smoke alarms, changes light bulbs, (excellent for high ceilings and senior citizens) and other things.
Call him-you'll be as happy as we are.
This is truly a five star company!

The reviews say it all!
Brad, called me back within hours of leaving message.
I scheduled service for later that week.
On the day of service, he called to say he was going to be a few minutes late (kudos in my book for consideration).
He arrived dressed professionally, friendly as can be, and with a big smile too.
Brad, did a great job cleaning my windows and screens!
I did not shop around and went with my gut based on reviews, and our conversation.
As far as price, I was/am happy to pay his rates because Brad, exemplifies quality, professionalism and  friendliness!

This was my first time using a business that I located on Yelp.
My home windows were in need of cleaning since I hadn't had then cleaned in over twelve months.
Clearly Professional Window Cleaning to the rescue.
Brad showed up on time, checked the windows and went to work for several hours.
By the time he was finished the windows looked great and I did not have to look through filthy/dusty windows at least until the next Monsoon :) I will absolutely recommend Clearly Professional Window Cleaning to anyone I know looking for this type of service.
BTW, Brad also: cleans light fixtures (inside and out), cleans ceiling fans, glass tub enclosures, mirrors, screen repair, light bulb replacement, cobweb removal, pressure washing, smoke detector battery replacement, plant shelf cleaning, and seasonal shade screen service (remove in Fall, reinstall in the Spring).

We just had Brad out yesterday to clean all our windows in/out and he did a fantastic job.
He was on time and even though it took longer than estimated he kept on going and got the job done.
We have alot of windows....alot.
He stuck with his quoted price, which I appreciate.
Brad was professional and friendly.
We will use Brad in the future and recommend him.

I had my windows cleaned yesterday by Brad and was thoroughly satisfied with the job that was done.
Brad does quality work and is a perfectionist ... which is a good thing .
I will recommend him to our friends and neighbors and I will use his services again the next time our windows need cleaning.
Thank you Brad for doing an Excellent job!

I selected Clearly Professional Window Cleaning mostly in part of the great Yelp reviews and the conversations with Brad and I am THRILLED with my choice.
Brad is SO professional, performs high QUALITY work and has great attention to detail.
He was tidy - wore had booties in the house.
He really does things right, was on time, courteous and runs his business right!
I highly recommend!

I found Clearly Professional Window Cleaning on Yelp, and I'm very glad I did.
Brad was friendly and professional on the phone and in person.
He showed up on time and proceeded to clean my windows and screens with so much attention and care!
He also replaced several screens for a very reasonable price.
I love how my windows are sparkly now.

I had been telling myself i would get round to doing my windows for over a year!!
I clearly was never going to make the time and to be honest my attempts were always horrible - leaving streaks smears or missing bits altogether.
I searched yelp which is always my first stop when trying to find a good service.
Brad as you can see has excellent reviews, but I also visited his website too.
It is clear to me that Brad really enjoys what he does, has a passion for running his own business and puts 110% into making sure his customers are more than satisfied - even has a 200% guarantee.
I liked what I saw, I selected my service and paid on line - very convenient.
Brad called very promptly to schedule the work and turned up bang on time.
He is without doubt one of the nicest guys you could meet, super efficient, never bothered me at all as he stealthily went about his work cleaning the inside and outside of the windows.
He has left my home looking amazing - I have never seen the glass so shiny, clear and clean - it is like a show home.
I used to have the shutters positioned to hide the dirt - now I have my amazing views back and so much more light in the house too.
I really do recommend that you schedule Brad if you want your windows to look the best they can be - get the insides done too and you will really see what a difference he can make to your home.

So Brad and I had some miscommunication at first but this guy really knows customer service.
He called me up and went above and beyond to make sure he fulfilled all of my window cleaning needs and concerns.
I'm excited to have his service completed this Sunday and I'm more than confident the job will be done right.
Who else gives a 200% satisfaction guarantee?
No one.
Clearly Professional Window Cleaning embodies everything the name stands for.

Brad did an amazing job on our windows....they were so filthy, you could barely see out of them.
He took his time and was so very professional.
I would definitely recommend Brad for window cleaning and will use him again.

Being new to the area I use yelp to find almost everything, which is why I chose Brad's company.
He has gotten wonderful reviews and I can see why.
I arranged a consultation and he provided a reasonable quote so I went with him.
He cleaned our windows, screens, and tracts today and did a wonderful job!
We have 3 dogs so our windows were a mess.
I guess you don't know how dirty they really are until they are clean!
I think brad is honest, trustworthy, and does an amazing job.
Highly recommend.
He cares about his customers and his business,

Brad cleaned all my windows, inside and out, on May 14 and did a great job.
He arrived on time and was pleasant and hard working.
The screens were clean, all the dust gone!
And the windows sparkled.
I've always done this job myself and found it exhausting.
I'm so glad that his reasonable price means that I'll never do it myself again.
He recommended a mobile screen repair service to me and they were here this week.
He was looking for a window cleaner to recommend and I was happy to refer him to Clearly Professional.

