I have experienced many vets while living in the Valley, and no one so wonderful and amazing as Dr. Jarvis at Kennilworth Animal Clinic!
She really cares about animals and has taken her own personal time to help me get my cat regulated with his insulin (as we found he was diabetic).
She understands the financial burdens pets come with, and has found a company to donate syringes for my cats insulin injections.
That is one less thing I have to worry about paying out of pocket for!
Dr. Jarvis was a life-saver (literally), as I originally came in my first visit to put my cat down.
She was able to take him under her wing for a week and get him stabilized and insulin regulated.
Now me and my kitty are doing so well together at home and there are hopes he will go into remission within the next few months!
I couldn't be happier with my experiences at this clinic and their staff!
I am so glad I found a vet who cares so much about pets and their owners!

We absolutely love Dr Jarvis and North Kenilworth!
And most importantly, our sweet puppy loves her too!
They've been so great to us, and as new pet owners (as adults) we are so thankful.
We has a crazy scare the first week with a too rough playtime with a littermate and a slice in our pup's ear.
Dr Jarvis had us come in and looked at it and glued it back together and didn't charge us for the visit!
And then she followed up a few days later to see how he was doing!
We went in for our third set of vaccination for the pup and he didn't even notice anything was going on.
He gave kisses to everyone and has a couple overexcited uncontrollable bladder releases.
We are so happy to have North Kenilworth in our neighborhood and only a short drive away!

I just returned from my first visit to North Kenilworth and I've already told my husband that we've found our new "family vet.
"  Excellent service (they were able to get me in for a same-day appointment), great staff (everyone had a friendly smile for me and my dog), knowledgeable doctor (Dr. Holmes diagnosed the issue and took the time to explain all the options to me), and located in a funky renovated mid-century modern building (kudos to investing in Phoenix heritage!
)    I would definitely recommend this vet!

The best vet clinic in the state!
Dr Holmes and staff are truly amazing.
My pets always seem to get sick on the weekend and I go into panic mode.
I have pet bunnies and no emergency clinic will see them.
Dr Holmes has returned phone calls on the weekend, late at night and even met us in the clinic on a holiday!
An amazing caring person and extremely knowledgeable doctor.
The entire staff is just great.

I visited North Kenilworth Veterinary Care at 7am on a Monday morning after my dog ate a bunch of chocolate.
They saw me immediately, there was no wait time at all!
They explained the entire procedure and we were out of the office by 7:45am.
To top it off they called a few days later to make sure that my dog was feeling alright and that he was healthy.

Reasonable pricing, convenient with compassionate and knowledgeable staff...
Excellent experience so far.
And it's so close to our place!
Dr. Hansen is super friendly and very thorough.
She didn't leave me with any questions.
I love that!
We have two cats and a dog so finding a good vet was important.
I'm glad to have them here.

I recently signed up for United Pet Care and was looking for a vet for my dogs.
So after checking out reviews here and elsewhere, I called and made an appointment to have my Chihuahua seen.
Dr. Jarvis and all of the staff were awesome.
They showed genuine concern and compassion towards my Chihuahua.
It's been a while since she had seen a vet and she had a limp that I wanted to get looked at.
I felt put at ease by the staff.
Dr. Jarvis did a great job of explaining what was going on with my dog's leg.
I had an x-ray taken of my dog's leg after Dr. Jarvis mentioned it but she didn't push getting the x-ray.
So I'm glad I chose this vet and am looking forward to bringing my other dog in for her checkup.
Thanks to everyone at North Kenilworth Veterinary Care for being so nice to me and my Chihuahua, Pinky.

Took our new rescue here last week.
We saw Dr. Hansen.
She was great with our sweet girl and very patient with us.
I had many questions and she took the time to answer all of them.
Our appointment was scheduled at 11:30am and they were running behind so we had to wait about 15-20 minutes, but if they were taking the same amount of time with other pets in the practice, I give them a pass.
I might suggest booking a longer appointment for first time visits, as those usually take longer.
Only two concerns, they did a heart worm test but did not tell us the price before doing so.
I haven't had a pet in awhile so I didn't know it was not inclusive of the visit.
It was only around $30, but I prefer to know the cost of services before they are rendered.
Second, Dr. Hansen said she would call us the next day to follow up & I never got that phone call.
Again, it's not like we had a procedure done where she needed to check on our dog, but I managed to come up with another question after our appointment was over & would have liked the follow up as promised.
That being said, the fees seem reasonable and the location is perfect for those that live down town.
We actually walked there which was nice.
Overall great experience.
We will be returning!

Dr.Jarvis is knowledgeable, compassionate and kind.
Her team is first rate, welcoming and accommodating.
We trust her with our large family of rescues and highly recommend her.
She is genuine and guides us well through our decisions about our pets' care.

I'm so happy to say that my boyfriend and I have found our "family vet".
The doctors at north kenilworth are kind, loving and know what they are doing.
After Our kitty had gotten sick for the second time in 2 months we knew something was up, they got us in same day on a Friday and saw us immediately after we walked through the front door.
They gave our kitty lots of love while they administered blood tests and x-rays- i can't stress enough how gentle and kind everyone is at this veterinary clinic.
I would have to say, if you love your animal dearly like we love our little guy then this is THE vet to take them to.
There is a positivity in the air at this place that puts you at ease and your pet will feel that also.
We also had quite a bit of testing done and the bill was not as high as I anticipated- though there really is no price too high to make sure my baby is ok.
Thanks again Dr. Hansen :)

