I called Nick for three things:  a clogged up bathroom sink, a toilet that was constantly refilling, and a kitchen sink faucet that was frozen up.
I set up an appointment for a Saturday.
Nick called to confirm in the morning and called again a half hour before arriving.
He fixed the toilet and sink that was driving me crazy and checked for leaks in both.
The kitchen sink faucet, he informed me that if I sent a picture to Moen and told them the problem the faucet had a lifetime guarantee and they would either send parts or a new faucet for free.
When it does arrive he will come and install it.
The faucet is around $150, so that will save me money.
He was very nice, professional and delivered quality work.
In addition he cleaned up after himself and was respectful of my time and space.
I would use him again and would recommend him to my friends and family.
Maria Chandler

I work with Nick often as a customer and as a fellow contractor.
He is extremely honest and caring in dealing with customers.
I highly recommend his services!

I called Nick for a list of things to do and he started a few things and I am so glad I called him.
Nick does quality work,extremely honest,fair in his prices,and goes out of his way to please the customer.
I can't wait to get the other things on my list done.
I highly recommend Nick for.
I won't call anyone else anymore.....

I called Nick on Thurs.
and he was able to come out on Sat..
I was impressed with his kind demeanor, clean-up, patience and work skills.
I had a "honey do" list and he was able to accomplish it all within a reasonable time and even offered tips on how to maintain appliances.
He uses technology to confirm appts., and pay the bill.
I needed drawer slides repaired, refrigerator moved and coils cleaned, washer & dryer moved and vent vacuumed.
He noticed a few roof tiles needed adjusting and blew the debris off the roof.
He will be back to replace broken roof tiles.
His prices were reasonable and the job well done.
If you have a job he does not do, he can offer a network of technicians he works with to fix the problem.
He will be my go to handyman first for all jobs.

I can be a pretty demanding customer., especially with the stress of buying a new house coupled with a new job in the same week.
Nick helped to make things a little less stressful.
I called him on a Tuesday to do a difficult ceiling fan install on 14 ft high vaulted ceilings.
He was there Wednesday afternoon and did everything that was required to get it done.
Whoever build my house/did the wiring did a half assed job that rivaled DMV customer service.
Nick worked under the light if a headlamp, cut into drywall, went to a hardware store, rewired the entire system, and then installed the second one.
He was there for over 4 hours and kept us informed the whole way through.
He stayed over 4 hours, until the job was completed.
After that we had a conversation with him where he have us insider knowledge on what plumbers charge (ever heard of a trip charge?
That's where you pay some clown to come out to tell you he can't fix something).
I will be using nick for this home and every other property I own.
He even charged us less than quoted and wouldn't take my cash when I tried to pay extra.
I'll have to find a way to sneak it in to payment for other jobs!

Nick was GREAT!
I had a serious "Honey Do" list and he handled all of it.
He did everything with excellence and integrity.
He also suggested improvements when he fixed my book shelf.
It looks better than before!
I now have him on speed dial.

