Pretty good pizza!
We ordered a large pepperoni and a side of fries.
The fries were decent steak fries, but def.
not worth the price of 4 bucks.
The pizza had a thin good tasting crispier crust, and the sauce and cheese werent too bad either.
From a Vegas pizza perspective, it was good and tasty, better  than most of the subpar pizza I've had from most places around here.
Only downfall I'd say was the very limited menu.
I would love to see a few  Italian dishes added to the menu for some variety.
Will be going back for sure!

The place smelled like a sewer.
Enough methane gas to make you sick.
Pizza was tasty I will give you that,good sauce cheese & crust.
But the smell and the attitude of the bald Asian guy wont be bringing me back!
Really sad when you hope for something good in your neighborhood.

Fantastic.
Simple menu, fast and friendly service and great pizza at a reasonable price.

Very good pizza.
The pizza was cooked all the way, Yay!
Crispy, thin crust, spicy pepperoni, mozzarella, and a sauce that pulls it all together.
Great pizza!

Pros: great crispy thin crust pizza, tasty cannolis, good service, fair prices(minus the fries) Cons: fries are a little on the skimpy side portion wise, no bacon  All-in-all: Great place!

Small limited menu, expensive, Crust like a rock.
Chicken wings $6.50 for 6 small wings.
better off going to Dominos or Pizza Hut where you get more for your money.

I get their coupons in the mail every week for $8.25 Large Pizza.
I called in to place my order for pick up.
As I got there the cashier said $8.25 with the coupon.
I told him that I didn't bring the coupon as I didn't think the coupon was needed.
He charged me $12 for a terrible pizza!!!!!
TASTE like garbage!
I would rather of had Little Caesars for $5.00 or a frozen Digiorno!!
F this place!
I will never spend another $$ here!
Never again I will go to this s*it hole!
Asian guy in the front needs to learn some customer service skills.

Pizza was good.
We had a thin crust (regular) pizza with pepperoni and mushroom.
This place is better than the pizza chains nearby like Pizza Hut.
However, it is not as good as Grimaldi's.
I don't know about the other reviewers, but the asian guy at the front was really nice and gave good service.

Thank you for reminding me why I make my own pizzas.
I was excited that Southern Highlands was getting a pizza joint besides Pizza Hut.
But 8th Ave fell short of my expectations.
I ordered a whole wheat pepperoni and tomato and a bbq chicken pizza.
They were thin, crispy, and flavorful.
But they were borderline burnt and overpriced for the size.
Call me cheap, but 2 large mediocre pizzas for $32 is steep in my opinion.
I ordered take out but the ambiance was dead and depressing.
It could've taken cues from HGTV and made it look more inviting.
But I liked how they offer whole wheat option.
But $2.00 per extra topping, including veggies?
Ridiculous.

Pizza is pretty good.
Close to home, but a little pricey.
It is currently my boyfriend's favorite pizza place.The pizza is thin crust, slightly burnt, and nice and hot.
The cheese pizza with pineapple is my half and my hunni gets pepperoni, jalapeno, and pineapple on his.
I'd recommend this place.

The pizza was pretty good!
Both my husband and I liked the crust and the flavor of the cheese.
The wings were okay, too.
Nothing too special.
We enjoyed the small bistro feel of the inside tables and the service was great.
We had no complaints about the price, either.
The only drawback is that 8th Ave Pizza does not offer salads.
We pick up pizza, wings, and a salad once a week at a place close by and would love to switch to 8th Ave and support our neighborhood business.
But... without salads, we won't be making a change.

Never mind trying this place.
I ordered 3 pizzas to go for a poker party at our house in Southern Highlands.
At the end of the party we had 2 and half left.
We ordered from pizza hut.
The crust was stiff and just tasted flat.
We had pepperoni at ir appears thay are using inferior products.
We need a great pizza place in SH and this place is not it.

I la la la love the crispy, thin wheat crust.
It doesn't leave you feeling like you need to unbutton your pants when you are finished.
Now if you do what I did and pile on pepperoni, mushroom, sausage, extra cheese and a side of ranch (by the way...they have fantastic ranch here) it kind of takes away the healthy benefits of the whole wheat crust...but I felt good about myself for just a minute.
Vinny and his staff are the nicest guys.
The service is great (I was asked multiple times if I needed anything, how was everything, etc).
They even sent out some cannolis for me and the monkeys....and they were darn tasty.
So glad to have this within walking distance from my house.
Now I know what to do if I have a day off and I don't feel like cooking.
Thanks again Vinny...you guys rock!

My first time trying the Pizza, got 1 topping (pepperoni) pickup special for 8.99.
Very tasty but very greasy.
Still will order again, the crust was nice and thin the cheese stretchy and would prefer it to our nearby pizza hut.
I like ranch, don't love it but they have the absolute best ranch EVER!!
The guy at the counter gave me the ranch for free because it was my first time there.
He was also very polite and welcoming.
Drove there the other day just to purchase ranch but they were closed :(.

The wife and I have been searching high & low for a good pizza shop.
Having grown tired of Pizza-Hut we decided to try 8th Ave. To tell you the truth, I REALLY wanted to like this place!
But the truth of the matter is, we were very disappointed.
The crust was paper thin and stuck to the parchment paper underneath which had to be peeled off.
The toppings fell off the pizza as the slices were being served.
It tasted very bland.
As a matter of fact, I compare it to a supermarket frozen pizza.
I gave this place two stars because the service was good and the guy taking our order gave us two free drinks.
Sorry but we won't be coming back to this place any time soon.

Just had 3 pizzas, wings, chicken tenders and cannolis for a birthday lunch.
Pizza was great.
I was surprised how tasty it was.
Thin crust and lots of cheese.
The cannolis were a great finish to lunch.
Not too sweet, fresh and very good!
I would definitely order from here again.

I can't believe how long it took me to get over to a place right in the neighborhood.
I love NY style pizza, and this place really delivers the goods!
The cheese, pepperoni, and sauce were all of the highest quality, and the crispy crust was a pleasant change of pace from my other favorites.
The restaurant is pretty small, but comfortable.
They only do lunch three times a week (Friday, Saturday, and Sunday), but when we don't feel like cooking, the delivery service, close proximity, and incredible prices ($10 14" large cheese) will make this a new staple for the family.
If you live in Southern Highlands and have not yet checked this out, do so, you won't be disappointed.

Ordered a pizza and wings, besides the crust being rock hard and the pizza tasting flat the service was good but not all can make it on good service.
The prices are high especially on the wings and really not worth it.
IMHO Dominos and PH have a much better tasting pizza.

Note:  I tried this place twice, as I wanted to make sure it wasn't a one time crap pizza fluke.
Since this place is less then a mile from my house, I was hoping this place would be good or at least decent.
Unfortunately this was not the case.
For $16 I got a large pizza with burnt crust.
It was a very thin pizza without a lot of toppings or flavor at all.
Definitely overpriced.
You can make a much better pizza at home for 6 dollars.
Even pizza hut or dominoes would be preferable to this.
My question is why go to all the trouble and cost to open up a pizza joint and then make extremely mediocre pizza.
Heck, the ingredients don't cost much - pile them on at least if your going to use crappy quality stuff.
Very disappointed  in this place.

Not a fan.
I'll order Domino's next time.

Awesome pizza!!!
Eric is great at his job running the front and we also spoke with the owner who was very friendly!

If you're like me and you like NY style pizza...piping hot, thin crust, stringy cheese, and a little on the greasy side, then this is the place for you!
If you are looking for CPK (yuk) or a $50 pizza with foie gras and pineapples on it,  then go to Grimaldi's.
This place is simple and delicious, and oh yeah they're wings aren't bad either.
There's only two options for pizza in Southern Highlands and this is waaaaaay better than Pizza Hut!
And a BIG PS to all the yelpers complaining about the guy who "demands" coupons...this is a small business and they probably want to track how many customers they receive by printing those pricey coupons.
Every time I have called to place an order they always ask very nicely for me to bring in my coupon if I'm using one, and the one time I forgot, they gave it to me at the coupon price anyway.
=) So, don't be a hoarder, just bring in the coupon!
Don't worry, you'll get another one in the mail next week.

Delicious  fast.
Fresh

Its good thin crust pizza...leagues ahead of the Pizza Hut or Papa Johns.
It's as good as Grimaldis as a point of reference at a more affordable price(5th star.
) Though unlike Pizza Hut or Papa Johns, its best served fresh from the oven.
So leftovers are not really an option.
The pizza is delicious and simple to the core, isn't that what pizza is supposed to be?
Definitely the best choice for pizza in SH!!

The kids & I ordered Pizza, White Pizza for my daughter & I, and a BBQ chicken personal pizza for my son.
We wish we had ordered a large BBQ Chicken pizza because it was the best pizza we have ever had.
We ordered pick up and it was ready in 15 minutes.

Worst pizza I ever had!
I ate 2 pieces because I was starving and threw the rest out.
I don't recall ever throwing pizza away.
You can always just stomach it if if you don't really like it but this was just gross!
Soggy, soggy through most of it.
I had mushroom and bell peppers.
There were 6 times more bell peppers than mushrooms.
I think they used one mushroom on a large at most.
I like pretty much ANY pizza so the fact that I threw this out says volumes!
I would have enjoyed a frozen pizza from the grocery store more!
It really sucks too because I wanted to believe the good reviews on here because its so close to my house but unfortunately, I have to side with the bad!

My buddies and I were on the way home from a Vegas trip.
Bad traffic so we put in "pizza" for search.
Ended up at 8th Ave Pizza.
The service was incredible.
Very friendly staff and obviously local ownership.
I am happy to support any small local business.
The pizza was good and the ingredients were obviously fresh.
I would give the food 3 stats and the service 5 stars, hence the 4 star rating.
I will go back again next time I pass through!!!
Thanks guys!!

Love the pizza.
Idk what's going on here with ppl posting bad reviews about their pizza but come on people!!!
I'm from Brooklyn New York and I'll tell you their pizza is one of the best I found in Las Vegas!

Extremely mediocre pizza - nothing special at all.
Overpriced, too.
Their "large" is 14" and they charge  $14 for a 2-topping pizza.
When I complained to the manager/owner, he said their sizes and prices were comparable to Pizza Hut.
They're right around the corner from me, but I won't eat there again.
We will stick with Joe's NY Pizza.

Pizza was hot and had some real good flavors.
Just a little pricey for a togo pizza, better then Pizza Hut, just not $11 better!
I most like will go back just not any time soon

I had the BBQ chicken pizza which was very good.
I think the extra topping prices are a little high and it would be nice if they had some more options but overall pretty good.

The pizza is actually pretty good but for a place with so many negative reviews I am surprised at how unfriendly the staff is.
I think small business's should pay more attention to the reviews they get, and respond.
For what its worth they don't open until 4pm on Friday.

So impressed!
Just as good as Grimaldi's (if not better) but without the $25 price and much better customer service.
I just found my new pizza place!

I hate to say it because I really love independently owned and operated local businesses but it was average at best.
I ordered carry out with the Val Pak coupon for a LG pepperoni.
They got it done fast and it smelled terrific.
But it was a bit greasy and the crust really wasn't what I expect in a NY style pizza.
Sauce tasted average and quite honestly Pizza Hut has more flavor in the crust/sauce.
Really can't recommend it.
Grimaldi's is still the best in LV.
I haven't tried Red Rock Pizza yet but will compare.

Just ordered a pizza and wings for delivery.
I picked up my pizza before and I got a weird vibe from the staff.
They are very unpleasant, thought if I phoned it in I would get a happy tone on the other end.... WRONG!
They need to hire delightful people to work the register and take the phone calls.
This will be my last time ordering from them until my free pizza coupon is valid lol!
Oh and the pizza's not all that bad!
Definitely better than Pizza Hut!

I have to agree with most of these reviews- the pizza is about a 6/10 but the staff is fucking awful.
They treat you like shit for no reason.
Every time I think pizza, while I'm at home, I think of this place- Then I remember how shitty everyone's attitude is that works there and I choose something else to eat.
Sorry guys.
Be less douchey.

Okay first and formost pizza is good wings not overly sauced and the chicken fingers are great without sauce.
I also love the fries.
Makes me wonder if I can just get an order of fries.
If you've ever been on a military base and had Anthony's pizza this is close.
Crust is crunchy and chewy at the same time.
And yes it is greasy but I don't mind.
Pizza sauce tastes good to me.
I had to knock off two stars becasue of the customer service.
It doesn't bother me that they are not bending over backwards to ensure I have a great ordering experience but would it kill to put on a smile.
One word of advice DON'T FORGET YOUR COUPON.
I dorgot my by one get one once and told the guy on the register (the owner) I'd bring it by later (I live down the street and come in all the time).
He said no the best he could do is give me 2 dollars off.
So if you don't mind a little cold shoulder and want something better than pizza-hut call up 8th ave.
If not thats fine with me ill just get my pizza faster.

Best pizza joint in town.
Never disappointed.
The Asian cashier is always on point.
I don't think I gotta tell him my order anymore cuz I think he memorized it.
Good atmosphere and I highly recommend this place.

The pizza was alright.
Really soggy on the ends though.
Could have done better with a pizza from smiths.

Wow what a disappointment.
Order from here a couple times and it's been great.
However tonight was a different story.
Ordered two large pizzas for delivery, cost $30.
Not the best value but you get what you pay for right?
NOPE!
Apparently they "changed their recipe" their typical pizza now comes "thin crust".
Thin crust?
The cheese is literally sitting on the parchment paper in the box.
I called to make sure we didn't order it incorrectly, the response I received...yeah we changed it and?
Wow ok. 8th Ave Pizza hope you enjoyed the last $30 I'll ever give your business.

this pizza is really good and I don't even understand how someone could complain about the service.
almost every time I go in there I walk out with something I didn't pay for.
love this place.

I don't have much to complain about regarding 8th Ave pizza, actually we really like these guys!!
The pizza is good, as good as you can do for this neighborhood, that's for sure.
It's tasty sauce and high quality cheese and crispy crust.
I'd like a little more chewiness, but it's hard to do with the water in Vegas and only a very few guys have figured it out.
The wings are really great, properly sauced (lightly) and crispy.
Ranch dressing is damn fine as well.
I wish they'd throw a couple celery sticks in with the wings, however.
It's tradition.
Salads are good too.
Bring the price of a pizza pie down two bucks and this place would get five stars.
I can eat half a pie easy, they are small!!
All told, Southern Highlands is better off with these guys here.

