I ate here a couple weeks ago and it was about a 45 min.-1 hour wait.
I had the enchiladas and they were really good.
What I got upset about is the waitress forgot to put our food in.
She also did not check to see if we need another drink or refill on our drinks.
My husband had a beer and was not asked once if he needed another one and she was no where to be found.
They could have made more money on the beers.
Once she remembered our existence she did apologize and was nice but how the hell can you forget about my meal.
They seriously should have offered it to us for waiting a very long time while everyone else was getting served.
I had to wave her down for her to check on our food.
Oh...
The person serving us water was the best part of our experience because he made sure our water was always topped.
Very frustrating on how we were not compensated and we still tipped (not sure why).
I will however try it again in hopes of better customer service and will write another updated review.
It may take me a while considering......  That's too bad because I eat a lot of mexican food and they are right down the street from me.

I loved the original Rosa's in Mesa.
I wrote off the new one on Mckellips 10 years ago swearing I would never return.
I tried this new place with major reserve.
I am delighted to say it is back to great food.
The shredded beef is the bomb in anything they serve.

Every year on my annual trip back to my hometown, I look forward with mouth watering and tummy grumbling to visiting Tia Rosa's (the McKellips Road location).
Not only is the food outstanding, best carne asada ever, best seafood tacos, and best salmon enchiladas, but the ambience and decor is top-nothch.
The patio and main room are so beautiful and I get my fix of talavera pottery and mexican decor that is lacking in Cincinnati,OH.
Being a spoiled Gilbert native, the trek to McKellips sometimes seems so far, (I laugh now, because driving in Ohio everything is 15-20 minutes, but in Gilbert, you are soooo spoiled) so I was excited to see a new location on Higley Road just a block from home.
Yeah!!
Now let's see how it stacks up against the original location!
The decor is still beautiful and they did their best with their space, but not near as gorgeous as the original.
However, in comparison to other mexican restaurants, still above par.
The food= equally delicious.
Had to get the seafood enchiladas and they were dynamite.
I split them with my husband and I wish I ordered my own.
They were that good!!
Still the best and unique salsa that they give you with the chips.
We went through 6 baskets of chips throughout the table and too many to count of the green tomatillo salsa!
My favorite new thing about this location is the fact that they have a soda fountain.
The old location only serves plastic bottles of soda and you have to pay for each one.
So stupid and annoying.
Thank goodness they got it right with this one.
The price is same as old one.
Do not plan on your cheap mexican food because it's not that!
It is higher priced grub but you get what you pay for.
Excited that the new one is closer to home, but still may visit the old one for the awesome patio!

Honestly, I've had better Mexican food, but the outside patio and dining room is so beautifully decorated, I always make sure to bring out of state guests here.
The waitstaff has always been friendly and the food is served quick and piping hot.
The wait for a table during snow-bird season can be awfully long so be prepared.

Love this place!
I have been going to Tia Rosa's since the original owner owned the one on Mesa Drive.
And I love their food!
Service is always pretty good, but the food is what is outstanding here.

When the honey and I found out that Rancho De Tia Rosa had opened up a location a few blocks from our house we were so excited.
We have been to the other location many many times and loved the food.
On our first visit, the wait was over an hour but the food was delicious and you can't go wrong with getting a pitcher of their House Margarita.
The service has always been a little slow at the other location and not much has changed in that regard.
We went for lunch the second time and I was less than impressed.
I wasn't very hungry so opted to just get the Tortilla soup.
The server was not very attentive and when he brought out my soup it was cold.
It took some time to actually find him to get it taken care of and even then he asked me if I just wanted them to reheat it?!!!
Uhh excuse me?
Wow, why not fix the mistake by getting me a whole new bowl and actually cook it correctly?!
The other thing that rubbed me the wrong way was that I had asked for some cheese to put on top of the soup- they had the nerve after all of that to charge me a $1 for that!
Now I realize it is just a dollar but really?
After they screwed up, we had crappy service and by the time it was fixed my honey was done eating so I only had time to eat half of the soup anyhow.
The reality for us is that we live in an area that has not many choices when it comes to mexican food so we will probably go back again.
I will not however, be going back for seconds on the Tortilla soup.

Beautiful new building.
Beautiful presentation.
Excellent service.
Green salsa was delicious - if a little sweet - and had the perfect amount of heat for a wussy like me.
Chips were good.
I asked for the Squash Blossom Soup ($6) which sounded mouth-wateringly good, but they were out.
I went with the Baja Seafood Tacos ($10) instead - one with shrimp and one with salmon.
They were ok - I've had better at Rubio's.
Fruit salsa - pineapple and the other was mango - was very good though!
Unfortunately, both tacos fell apart and I had to use a fork.
Husband got the Flying Saucer ($8)... looked fabulous and he said it tasted good.
The price seems high for the amount of food you get so be prepared!

What else should some new england guys do when they're visiting family this close to mexico?
Margaritas and tacos!
First off...don't be confused by the location.
This business is one of the few that is not closed in this strip mall.
(I'm confused as to how the snow board rental shop didn't make it in AZ?
)  The upside of this is plenty of available parking!
The decor is classic "Mexican restaurant in America", which I actually think is fun.
The service was decent, although for how slow the place was I think they could've been a little more attentive.
The staff is mainly high school/college age kids..who look like they're trying at least.
The waiter even ran after us as we were leaving to give my cousin her reading glasses ($1.99@walgreens) that she left on the table...not by any means because she had a couple margaritas.
Food was decent...I would definitely come back again for a casual bite.
We arrived at 4pm, which was awesome because the bar was having happy hour.
We each got a different margarita on the list.
I decided on the Don Quixote because I enjoy an aged tequila.
All of us decided that the marg's were quite tasty.
We ordered the sampler platter and a bunch of the $1 Tijuana tacos and must admit that they were very good.
I'll commonly do 'taco tuesdays' at a local bar in boston and their $2 taco's don't stand a chance next to these.
The sampler platter was okay, but I wouldn't order it again.
Our stomachs full of awesome tacos and margs...the only thing left to do while visiting family in phoenix is to stretch out under the sun and take a little siesta!

As a native Arizonan and Mexican food lover I don't dig this place at all.
I mean, it looks great and has nice patios but the food and prices are lame.
Our waiter couldn't answer questions about the food.
Simple questions, even.
The rice is the blandest Mexican rice I've had and the beans are overwhelmed by an artificial bacon and liquid smoke flavor.
The chips were passable but the red salsa was impotent and the green sauce tastes like it's half sugar.
I had a pork burro, and the meat was of good quality but flavorless not to mention they put the same bad-tasting beans into the burro too, which was not mentioned on the menu.
And $8 for a 10" cheese crisp?
C'mon.
In this town, you don't have to drive far to get good Mexican food at a good price but you will have to drive past this place.
Sorry.

We have tried this place twice (with open minds) and both times we were disappointed!
The food was borderline terrible.
I had the chicken mole enchiladas and asked for the sauce on the side.
They refused because it would take away from the presentation....really!?!
As a result, as I expected, there was WAY to much sauce on my plate.
I was able to get down half of the 2 enchiladas but was to overwhelmed to finish the rest.
Had they allowed me to get the sauce on the side I'm sure my view would have been a little different.
Point-  Rancho you are not a 5 star restaurant.
I would recommend getting back to the basics when it comes to customer service because, at the end of the day, it is about the food.

The menu is great, the same as N. Mesa location, decore and site is great however service is lousy every time we go, napkins are too cheap and small as well.
The manager seems to have dinner with his family right out in the bar when they are slammed...
Most of the staff seem to be inexperienced high school kids... we have since stopped going because of this even though we live less than a mile away.
Seems like a training and hiring issue...

My husband and I went one Saturday for lunch and were SOOOO disappointed in the service that the would have to be superb for us to ever considering going back, but unfortunately it wasn't.
The salmon I got was pretty decent and the chicken mole enchiladas my hubby ordered were pretty decent, too.
But the young server (he looked no older than 14) never should be on the front line of customer service.
He seemed to never have heard of lemon with iced tea before, as the 3 times I asked for it I received a blank stare and finally on the 3rd time got my lemon.When he delivered our meals, he quickly disappeared without napkins or silverware.
So we flagged down another waiter asking for napkins and silverware, his response, "I'll go get your server.
" So by the time he reappeared our food was cold.
The place seemed disorganized and like they had no system in place.
even though I could literally walk there from my house, I don't think I will be returning.

BEST MARGARITAS I'VE HAD IN A LONG TIME!
And they run really good happy hour and follow on facebook prices ($3 for a top notch margarita!
)  I've been here 3 times and it's a solid classic mexican food joint.
If you are in the mood of a HUGE plate of food, with beans/rice - then this is a good choice.
Good salsa/chips!
I wasn't impressed with their dessert (the ice cream sundae and churros - pass)...and come to think of it the food wasn't THAT memorable either.
I guess the great margaritas have made me think highly of this place.

Family favorite!
With such an open dining room, they easily accomodate big parties.
Excellent chips and salsa and such a friendly staff!
Love, love, love!

I would not recommend this place to anyone.
The food is not what everyone else makes it out to be.
The restaurant owner really seems to like it though because they charge an arm and a leg for the lame entrees.
We were told by our server that we could not have any custom orders.
All we asked for was an additional enchilada on a  children's plate.
This request was way too complex for anyone at the restaurant to execute.
STAY AWAY!!
My family and I will never return.
It's a shame because we live within walking distance.

We had the Queso Fundido with Taquitos for an appetizer.
The dip was great and the chips were great, but the taquitos were dry and boring.
For entrees, we had the mole, which was good, but not great.
We also had the mango, chipotle chicken and the sauce was great, but the chicken was dry and overcooked.
None of the flavor was soaked into the chicken, so it tasted bland.
As others have said, the entrees are very large, so that is a plus.
We would like to come back and try happy hour and some "safer" entrees such as the chimichanga and hopefully they will be better executed.

Yummy food and drinks, I have never been disappointed.

I've been to the original RDTR, in Mesa, and always was pleased with the food and the service.
This location, well, let's just say it's no Mesa.
I'm not sure what happened at this location and don't know about the Mesa location as I haven't been there in a while, but this location is very so-so.
I've gone a few times now, really wanting to give it a shot, but each time I am coming up empty.
I won't go into alot of detail and describe everything.
Instead I will just say, "the food is just average".
Too bad, as I always liked the other location.
I don't think I will go back until I see the reviews rebound.

Good food, but prices are a little high for the amount of food you get.
Decor is really nice.

Great happy hour!!!
Very cheap, lots of margarita choices, and good food.
Did not try the reg menu, but plan on coming back for that.

One word to describe this place.. HORRIBLE!
I do not write reviews unless I have experienced the place at least twice.
The first time was a year ago, based off reviews that gave this place four and half stars.
My first experience, horrible food and horrible service (a server passing by the back of the chair my Dad was sitting in  pushed it in with his hip in order to squeeze between my Dad's chair and another's chair, instead of saying "excuse me" or "I apologize"  he just ignored my Dad's negative reaction).
Not to mention it seemed they had not dusted the place since the built the building.
Nasty!
My second experience came as part of a dinner with friends who invited me.
Again, food horrible and service has not improved.
I DO NOT RECOMMEND this place at all.

I had a wonderful Carne Asada mix plate with beef, chicken and pork.
I like the pork best.
We had enough left over for dinner for the 3 of us tomorrow night.
I LOVE their green salsa.

Amazing salsa, attentive staff.
I ordered the chicken mole enchiladas.
There mole is top notch!
I will be back again!

Food is good but does not make up for the lackluster performance by the bar staff.
I often eat here and get take out a couple times a week because it's around the corner from my house and like I said the food is good and price is reasonable.
Dine in staff is friendly and I recommend it to anyone.
Just dont go to the bar where they are to busy trying to be cool rather than getting the job done.
My last trip here I went in and ordered my food.
Simple, 2 tacos and a chicken burrito to go.
A side of chips and green salsa.
No problem.
I wait in the bar area, where I ordered and watched ESPN.
No biggie.
about 5 minutes in a guy brings a bag from the back.
I assume its my order but they do take phone in orders as well so I decide to wait as it could belong to someone else .
I continued to wait.
About 15 minutes have gone by and I am sitting at the bar looking at the bar tender while he talks to his buddies about the fantasy football schedule etc..
I eventually ask another employee if he could see where my food was.
He turns around and grabs the bag behind him and ask my name.
I tell him.
He hands over the bag thats been sitting there for now 20 minutes.
WTF.
Bummer.
I live next door but it is more efficient to drive to Tia Rosa Taquiria on the other side of town than it is to see the clowns in action.
I stopped going here now simply to avoid more issues and no longer recommend it to friends.
it;s a bummer because the food is good but does not make up for a lackluster experience.

This is within walking distance of our house so we were excited when they moved into the neighborhood.
The last 2 times we were here we received horrible service in fact NO service at all once we were seated.
After waiting 10+ minutes we walked out.
The first time we were seated on the patio.
The last time we arrived and decided to eat in the bar and watch the football game.
When we arrived half of the bar was full and the other half of the tables had not been cleaned.
The young male bartender was busy flirting with a table full of girls.
We waited and waited for the dirty tables to get bussed.
I finally walked up to the hostess stand and spoke the the manager.
He said that he would have someone clean the tables.
The tables were finally cleared so we were seated.
Again the bar was only half full.
We waited for 10+ mins for the young bartender to come and take our drink order only to be ignored.
We got up and decided to leave.
I stopped by the hostess stand where the manager was camped out.
I told him that since we were seated not 1 person stopped by to deliver water or to take a drink or food order.
He apologized and said that he would have someone right over.
At this point the damage was done.
I told him that we were trying to patronize his establishment but the lack of service not once but twice was the breaking point.
Needless to say we will not return nor recommend.

I have been going to Tia Rosa before it branched out and is now two restaurants, and I can tell you I love it just the same now as I did back them.
Love this place, give it try i really dont think you will be disappointed.
I have some family members that think the food is a little on the sweet side, so if you like really spicy may want to stick with Los Dos Malino's.
But if you want great flavor go to Tia Rosa's.

Best Mexican Food I have ever had.
Staff was good too.
Salsa is awesome.

Order the flying saucer or mango salad.
Both are delicious.

I wish I could say more, but the only good thing about this place is the patio atmosphere.
Food is decent, but far from great.
They can't seem to come to agreement on happy hour...1 day it's $2 bottles, next day $2.50, next day $2 again, next day none.
Sometimes happy hour is 3-5, sometimes 3-6...btw, WHO has happy hour 3-5?
People aren't even off work by 5!
STUPID!!!
Now, on to the service....I have been in the service industry for YEARS.
THIS IS THE WORST SERVICE I HAVE EVER EVER EXPERIENCED!
We sat literally for 20 minutes (no exaggeration) before anybody said a single word to us.
The ONLY reason we come back, is because it is so close we don't have to drive.
Management/owners need to seriously evaluate what they are doing here and take some immediate corrective actions.

Just one word...CRAP!!!!!
Canned Enchilada Sauce( you can tell because it had that tin taste) and the service sucked and the manager could not care less.
All he did was water the plants outside.
It took them 20 minutes for the server to come to our table, and it was not busy.
He had 2 tables outside and 4 tables inside.
its called STATIONS!!!!
Someone needs to head back to restaurant management school.
Never Again!!!!!!

We have eaten at all the local Mexican restaurants in the area and this place is at the top of our list.
The salsa and chips have their own distinct flavor not to be found anywhere else.
Service has never been a problem and always has been back to the table to ask if everything is ok and if we need anything else.
The food is top notch, i almost asked for another order.
Overall it is a positive dining experience and i will always be a returning customer.

Went to a birthday party there today!
The waiter rocked, the food was great as usual and it is still one of my favorite Mexican restaurants

I have very mixed feelings about this place.
I reviewed the McKellips location a couple times....once a great review, and once a bad review.
Now, we've been to the Gilbert location a few times now on Saturday for happy hour, while my sons at his guitar lesson.
Their house margaritas are really good....and cheap during happy hour (3 or 4 bucks I think).
Their chips and green salsa are also very good....but you have to pay for them in the bar...at least during happy hour.
Had the nachos once, but realized the beans aren't vegetarian so I won't be having them again.
I'm sure we'll go again for happy hour, but that's probably about it.
One thing I absolutely love is the decor!
So cute and charming!
Love it!

Had their lunch menu.
Both the wife and I had the burritos.
She had chicken, I had pork.
Pork was seasoned great.
The wife found the chicken not seasoned at all.
Too bland.
Rice and beans are very good!
Nice selection of flavorful Margaritas!

For some reason (it was our choice) we sat outside in the middle of June in the early evening.
But I cannot hold the Southwest temperature against the restaurant.
We arrived with a large group and no reservation, and we were easily accommodated on the patio.
My friend and I split a avocado/pineapple salad (those are the ingredients, not the name) and a glazed chicken dish.
Neither were particularly "Mexican" but it was quite good.
Most of the group ordered margaritas, and even the picky margarita drinkers were happy.
To sum up, I would go back!

We've been eating at the location in Mesa for many years, and its one of our favorite spots, and we were excited when this location opened about a year and a half ago.
But it just doesn't have the same quality, in the service or the food.
We thought we would try it again the other day and everything was dissapointing, carne asada was dry and lukewarm, burrito was below average, rice was cold, quesadilla was decent though.
Service was worse than usual.
I guess when we want a Tia Rosa fix we'll head up to Mesa where it's a complete different story, but longer drive.

Pros: Nice, large outdoor seating area.
Cons: Weak drinks, looooong wait on drinks and food.
Service was lacking for a weekday night.
Neither me nor my fiancee was very impressed by the service or drinks here.
My food was good enough but probably because it just had so much cheese.
My fiancee wasn't a real fan of his entree.
I highly doubt we will be back unless we both get amnesia.

Had a quick lunch yesterday and was pleasantly surprised by how good the cantina fish taco's were, they were tiny (which is how I like to eat) and full of flavor.
Good service and nice atmosphere.
Will definitely be returning for lunch more often.

The East Valley does not have a lot of great restaurants, at least I haven't found them.
For a regular place to go where the food and service is dependably good, my husband and I choose Rancho De Tia Rosa on Higley in Gilbert.
We also like the original location but this one is closer to home.
My favorite food to order is the shrimp tacos, and salads, which are surprisingly tasty.
My husband loves the mole and blue margaritas.
We've taken a lot of friends here and they all seem to have a good time.
Nothing fancy, just good.

So I have been back twice since my negative review, simply because I love Tia Rosa and didn't feel like the extra drive up to Mesa.
Both times were very good, I had friends with me on one of the occasions and was worried but they didn't dissapoint.
I had the pork chop and the nuevo chili relleno on the last 2 visits, both very good.
Service was better, but could be much better.

1 star an only because 0 isn't available.
Back again, for more punishment.
GOD I can't wait for a better place to open nearby.
There is nowhere else to go nearby so we have to come here out of lack of options.
The customer service is the worst I have ever seen.
Food is good, patio is nice, service is atrocious!
How the servers will drop something off at one table and not even address the new table who just sat next to it is unbelievable!
HORRIBLE SERVICE!

I love both this location and the one on McKellips.
Tacos, flying saucer, and enchilladas are all good.
And the decor is charming.
This is one of my "go-to" places for out of town guests.

We love Tia Rosa's and the fact that they built this one nearby!
We go at least once a week and typically the service is great.
I love the salmon and shrimp tacos- and the beans!
This isn't "authentic" Mexican but different and very enjoyable.
I love the decor and all the beautiful plants on the patio.

This place is excellent!
I love the chicken enchiladas with green sauce.
The chips are thin and crispy, and the salsa is great!
I've been here several times and the service is always good and faster than you would expect for a large busy restaurant.

I started going here because of there Mesa location.
They have the best shrimp tacos and beef enchiladas.
Also if you like chips and salsa you will not be disappointed!

Outstanding place.
Best Mexican I've had since i moved to PHX.
I had the beef fajitas and my wife had the seafood enchiladas.
Nice salsa and lots to pick from on the menu.
Wife didn't love her margarita.
Great, attentive staff.

This is the best Mexican food!
I love the carnitas.
The patio is so pretty and relaxing.

We tried this for the first time tonight and we were extremely surprised!
The restaurant has a beautiful patio.
The customer service was amazing.
The food is fresh Mexican with a twist!
We will definitely be back.

My parents like this place so we eat here fairly often.
The salsa is pretty good and the food is reasonable for americanized mexican.
Nothing is particularly spicy or flavorful and they may serve the worst fish tacos I've ever had.
If you stick to burros and fried ice cream you can have a nice family dinner here.

They weren't busy so the server was on the money!
I tried the pulled pork fajitas and my girlfriend try the chicken fajitas.
The veggies and tortillas were awesome but everything else kind of lacked flavor.
The server brought out plenty of chips with three different kinds of salsa.
They were unique but none really popped for me.
We ordered some fried ice cream, a necessity at a Mexican restaurant, and after about 15 minutes the waitress informed us that they didn't have it.
The manager offered to buy us desserts for the inconvenience, which was pretty awesome if u ask me.
I had the key lime pie and the kids had the kids Sunday.
I will have to try this place again and see if something else on the menu has some Zing.

Not worth it unless you don't know mexican food.
Everything taste fresh out of a can.
Too pricey for the lack of quality.
Maybe because you're paying for the decor.

The food wasn't that great.
I ordered papas con carne, the pork was pretty dry.
I guess I didn't read the menu description because when I think of "papas" I think chunks of potatoes but Tia Rosa serves pureed potatoes.
The flour tortillas were the highlight of the meal, I asked if they made them but they buy them from a distributor.
I used the tortillas to scoop up the meat and topped it with the potato mixture to cure the dry meat.
It was definitely something I had never had before.
The margaritas were excellent and the bartender was awesome.

Love this place, but they need easier access for senior citizens.
No ramp close by and the curb was hard for Mom to navigate.

This location has become our go to location for Mexican Food.
They menu selection is not a typical selection.
So if you are look for a combo plate with burrito, taco, etc.
you may not quite find the menu you are looking for.
We have been three times, I have tried three different selections and been very happy with the food.
My only complaint is that there salsa with the chips is less than what I prefer in flavor and spice.
Will return when we are in mood for Mexican Food.

Just moved here from New Mexico and I'm in Mexican food hell!
Help!!!
Although more edible than the last place that was recommend, no Clamato?
No bloody Mary's?
No eggs?
Horrible chips and salsa.
Always a sticking point with me, as I could seriously live off chips and salsa.
That had me worried right off the bat, so I figured a chimichanga would be safe.
Hell they are good even from the frozen aisle right?
Most uncrispy chimi ever.
And the rice, well, I'll just quit there.
Really is a shame because the restaurant itself is very well decorated and prices seemed pretty reasonable, but it makes me scared to try what else is out there.

Over priced and disgusting food.
Beans outta a can and premade shells???
Better Mex food elsewhere and expensive lunch.
Chips and salsa were gross....
I cannot for the life of me understand what people see in this place - other than the decor.
Don't waste your time here folks....A LOT of better places with a lot better food and prices!

We went for dinner with friends.
Everyone was extremely disappointed and we will not be back.
I ordered tacos al carbon and was served roast beef.
Tacos al carbon means "grilled" meat...not roast beef.
When I thought I had the wrong plate (since it obviously wasn't "carbon") waiter looked at me crazy and said that was Tacos al carbon!
Even our friends, who wouldn't know the translation of their orders disliked the food.
Chips where from the supermarket, and salsa from a jar.
Very sad and disappointed...this restaurant is right around the corner from my house and we hoped we would have a new restaurant to frequent.

First time trying this place out, and I must say it's pretty good :)

DO NOT GO HERE!
The hostess was polite enough when she informed us that she would not seat our party until all of us were present.
There were four out of seven present and nearly all of the tables were empty on a Tuesday at 6pm.
We had family in from out of town and wanted to catch up for an hour before the rest of everyone could join us.
Once I explained this, the manager returned to again state like a robot that this was just policy.
Well Germans had policies about people too, and they were just as inflexible!
This place used to be a great restaurant even a couple months ago.
This completely has changed my mind on where to go to get my Mexican food fix.

Really too bad.
Great service, great building and decor, but the food was very bland.
We probably won't be back....

Although the place is beautiful, the food was horrible.
Worst salsa EVER, it tasted store bought.
The fish taco was barely edible, poor quality fish and it was $11.
I ordered a Patron margarita, since I like tequila, and it tasted like water!
We told the waitress, and she got me a new one, but it was only slightly better and I still don't think it was Patron.
They charge for chips & salsa...the food is expensive and they charge for chips too??
Would not go back!!

Good carne, good service!
The salsa is boring though....I had to ask for some hotter stuff.
Too bad I missed happy hour.

Great food that my wife can't get sick of!!

Love this place!
Every time I come here the food is delicious and the staff is very friendly.
They have great prices on food and great drinks!
My favorite is the 3 tacos appetizer.
You get a chicken, steak and pork taco wrapped in corn tortillas.
A lot of Mexican food places in AZ are hit and miss, this place has great tasting everything, down to the beans and chips and salsa.
Each Mexican food places I like, I like for different reasons, because of a certain dish, or what I am in the mood for.
I wish I could combine 3 different Mexican food places around the valley to make 1 delicious one haha.
This place has always grabbed my attention because of their tacos and tequila specials!
I also have a friend who loves this place too, so its our little spot to have a great meal, great conversation and surrounded by fun people for a good night.
I am certain when you come here you wont be disappointed!
Check out their happy hour when you can.
Keep it up Tia Rosa!

By far the best Mexican restaurant I've been to in Arizona.
The one in Mesa has a nicer outside seating area with a big tree in the middle, but the inside looks exactly the same.
Consistently great food, and even better margaritas.
The salsas are very good too, and the wait staff is friendly.

DO NOT EAT HERE!!
I sat at the bar after a long stressful day of work and ordered the chips and salsa.
I know what you're thinking, "there's no way a restaurant could mess up something as simple as chips and salsa" but ladies and gentlemen I'm here to tell you that they did.
To my horror, the chips came out with chunks of fried napkin!!!
This place is about as worthless as a shovel on a sea barge.
Again, DO NOT EAT HERE!

We went here last night with some friends that love this place.
I am a big time Mexican food snob.
I like mine authentic and spicy.
This place is anything but authentic.
Let's start with the salsa, the red salsa was about the only good thing therg, the green salsa was sweet, I can see some salsas being a litte sweet but this stuff was sickly sweet, not so good.
Then I ordered the chimichanga with green chile pork.
The fried tortilla was the only good thing on my plate.
The meat inside was super dry and again it was sweet, not a good thing in my eyes.
If I want sweet food I would have some cake or some St. Louis BBQ.
I don't even think it was the green chile pork.
The beans had too much of a smoky flavor, I could see if it was more of a smoky bacon or pork flavor but it didn't.
The only good thing that night was the waiter.
He was great.
If you want great Mexican food this is not the place, go to someplace like Los Taquitos

Ah, Tia Rosa, I would come here just to bask in the colorful and decorative ambiance of the Mexican folk art decor, with Mexican tile everywhere, even on the tabletops, straw walls and lots of fun decorating.
And the food is just as pretty, attractively served and presented on bright and colorful plates.
And, by the way, it tastes as good as it looks.
There's a reason why, when you drive by here at peak dinner hour time, the parking lot is full.
On a recent Thursday evening, my husband and I shared carne asada beef and chicken fajitas.
Beef comes more like roast beef than the usual sizzling on a cast iron platter, but it's still good.
Con queso dip and chips while we were waiting was delicious.
Enchiladas, chimichangas, burritos...it's all good.
Is everything totally authentic and all made from scratch?
Probably not, ( no substitutions ), but unless you are particularly discriminating, you won't care.
My own personal pet peeve, and perhaps the only one, is the chili relleno is stuffed with pork and not cheese, as is the case in every other restaurant of this type I have been to.
Would it be too much trouble to offer a choice?
A great spot for a gathering of friends or family, and lots of outdoor seating.

Great fresh mex!
Love the salmon tacos with a mango salsa.
I don't think you can go wrong with anything from Tia Rosas!
This is a well established restaurant in the valley and has been loved by the locals for years.
Always fresh and good.

Little bit crowded but the bar was easily accessible for a cold draft.
Off to a good start.

I love the atmosphere at Tia Rosa's.
The service is always great.
Tonight I made the mistake of ordering the beef Chimichanga.
The meat was so dry and a little burnt.
I needed to drown it in sour cream and guacamole to choke it down.
The tortilla was perfect, how can you go wrong with the crunchy on the outside chewy on the inside delicious tortilla.
I don't think I've ever met a chimichanga I didn't love until now.
Maybe the manager will read some reviews and work on the burnt dried out meat.
I had the seafood enchiladas last time and they were great.
I am leaving tonight with a bad(burnt, dried out) taste in my mouth.
Please pass the water and pass this restaurant if you are hankering for chimichanga!

Been here for 45 mins.
Still waiting for our waiter.
A woman took our food order, but failed to ask if we wanted a beverage.
When we finally asked a busboy for help, they brought 2 of 3 drinks out.
When we mentioned my son didn't receive his beverage, they brought out two root beers for him.
I am truly amazed that they are still in business.
I'd normally wait before posting a review, but there is nothing they could do to improve my opinion.
I've been treated better at Taco Bell.

We went there two days ago.
Our friend told us it was realy good.
Me and my mom ordered the asada plate with chicken.
It good.
The problem is that yesterday morning my mom woke up sick.
And i mean REALLY sick!!!
Poor woman i thought!
And all of a sudden i got sick.
And I mean REALLY sick.
We were the only ones that ate the same thing.
My friend had the tacos ans she's fine.
My two girls had quesadillas from the kid's menu.
And they are fine too.
What a death trap!!!
My mom is slowly getting better.
But i am still in trouble.
Dissapointment to the extreme!

Went here last night (Friday, February 28, 2014) and I will NEVER go back to this place!
We were a party of "3", they would not seat us until my friend arrived.
I told the very RUDE hostess at the front desk (older woman with glasses and dark hair to her shoulders) that my friend would be here in just 5 minutes, that she just lives right down the road and I was super hungry and wanted to start eating chips & salsa now.
She ignored me and spoke with the other hostess.
She let me stand there not speaking to me, then repeated herself stating that she would seat us when the rest of my party arrived.
Who are you KIDDING?
REALLY?
There were 30 people coming in behind me on a Friday night and you won't seat me?
This was wrong and not very service friendly.
I think they need to adjust their policy!
I left very angry and will NEVER EVER eat at this restaurant or any of the other Tia Rosa's.

We went to Tia Rosa's because my dad was in town and it's close to my sister's apartment.
The patio looked inviting, but the whole experience was lack luster.
We were seated on the back patio which was really pleasant, but this meant we were one of our servers few tables outside.
Because of this, we rarely saw our server.
The other tables outside were annoyed too.
The table next to us actually got up to go find her so they could leave.
I asked her if there was a signature margarita....she didn't really have an answer.
My dad asked about the sangria and her response was, "I've never had it.
" She was nice but didn't sparkle.
The chips and salsa were blah.
The guacamole was pre made or from the grocery store...definitely not fresh.
The red salsa tasted like the kind in the jar.
I'm surprised to read that people didn't like the meat- that was the only part we did like!
It was flavorful and tender.
The manager brought out our food and our server hadn't cleared our appetizer plates.
He began to clear the table and he grabbed my tortilla for my fajitas.
Like his whole thumb went into my tortilla....and he did the same thing to my dad's tortillas.
Gross.
He thought it was funny.
He also couldn't figure out how to turn on the heater and tried like 4 of them to the point of being awkward.
Basically, there are better Mexican restaurants in the valley.
Skip this one.

Yes.
I will give you a call after this weekend.
I can assure you that was the only food we has in common in a while.
We were 5 in the table.
Only me and her had the same food.
The rest thanksfully didnt get sick

Last night we had yet another terrible encounter with the head hostess/manager (older woman).
She is sooo rude to customers if you don't fit into her little box of rules.
There has got to be a better way to be polite and enforce policies!
We tried to sit on the front patio where we always sit (bc we try to avoid her at all costs) and she wouldn't let us.
She said no one could serve us out there, meanwhile 2 other tables were out front eating food and having drinks.
I tried to have a bridesmaid party there one night, couldn't make reservations, and couldn't be seated until everyone was there.
We were planning on being there a few hours to chat and drink and it didn't matter.
She wanted us to know our friends food order that was going to be late to the party or we couldn't be seated.
Again I just avoided her and us girls sat in the bar and were served by the bar tender.
She's so rude that you instantly just want to leave the restaurant and find somewhere else to go.
This location is losing business bc of this woman, I've left multiple times and so has a friend of mine that has the same opinion of her.
Maybe they are ok with treating customers rudely just so they can get as many people in and out of the door as possible but there has to be a better way.

Ate here a few nights ago, very delicious food!
My only complaint was the pork I had with my fajitas was a bit on the dry side, but the margaritas were fantastic!

A reply by the manager was left on my last review asking if I brought up the dry meat to my server.
I didn't because it wasn't enough to spoil my experience and I'm not a picky eater to begin with.
I hate to send back food and waste it when it's not at all that bad.

After the response from the GM, Clay wanting to make things better for me from my original review posted on here a month ago, I still have yet to get a call back from him.
I did call him per his request from a facebook message.
Unfortunately, I called at a bad time (6pm), and I knew that, so I left my name and number with Clay and expected a call back because he was very busy at the time.
I understood, but it has been over 3 weeks now.
I was hoping to share with him my bad experience.
I was not looking for a free dinner.
Just a chance to let him know how was treated and ignored once the hostess realized my party of 3 was waiting for a friend just a few minutes away.
However, if you saw my review from less than a month ago she was very rude and never offered to seat us in the cantina area, and I didn't even think of that since my son was just 14.
But either way, I'm done with trying to resolve my treatment with Clay and assure you I will not be back for to try and make things better.

This location is not the original...however the food is just as good.
It is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants and I have been coming to Rosas for 15+ years (original location)...
The key is to dip thr chips in the red and green salsa and make a combo pack, so good!
My favorite menu item is the veggie burrito with green sauce...but the shrimp tacos and flying saucer with beef are amazing too!
The wait sucks during dinner time so just be aware of that and the service is sometimes questionable...but the food clearly makes up for it.

This place was such a let down.
It has such great potential with its gorgeous atmosphere.
For starters they allow NO substitutions.
If you want your sizzling chicken fajitas do not come here.
They only allow pulled chicken,pulled pork and pulled beef.
when I asked the manager why they would not substitute pan seared chicken (since they apparently have no grill) he told me that it was too "laborous" to do so and it was was easier to let a pot of shredded chicken sit on the grill and use it as needed.
The mini shrimp quesadilla was NOT a quesadilla at all.
It was on a small open faces corn tortilla that had not been grilled or anything and not ONLY that, there was NO cheese on this so called QUESAdilla.
The tortilla soup was like a liquified cow lick.
The amount of sodium in this soup could send someone to the hospital if the whole thing were eaten.
the margaritas did not taste "fresh & made with orange juice" it tasted like a mix you could buy in the store.
Overall this was a HORRIBLE experience from the customer service to the food.
I would not recommend any one to come here seeing as there are many other Mexican restaurants that deserve the support of patrons.

Did not like the food here.
Starting from the chips and salsa they put on our table I knew it was gonna be a bad meal.
The salsa was not good - it was sweet.
I asked the waiter to bring me the hot stuff.
When that came, it was hot but also sweet!
I thought this place was Mexican food!??!
So I ordered a shredded beef enchilada.
And guess what?
The enchilada sauce was sweet.
Didn't even taste like enchilada sauce!
Basically if you are a diabetic don't come here!!
Too much sugar and sweets in everything.
But the nachos were good.
The meal was somewhat saved a little bit when I found out that they have Negra Modelo on draft.

We always seem to try this restaurant during our stays in Mesa.
We usually get either the Flying Saucer, Beef Carne Plater Tortilla, or the Chicken Chimichanga for a meal and have never been unsatisfied with what is served to us.
My wife likes it because they can make the food at a consistent spice level where it is not too "bland" or too hot for someone to eat.
I have read previous reviews and about the food being too "sweat" and am fortunate to say that has not been our experience.

This is the best Mexican food in the valley.
My personal favorites are the carne asada plate and the Baja style seafood tacos (get the shrimp and crab).
Also, make sure to ask your server for the "spicy picante" salsa.
It is only available on request and is AWESOME!

Chips came out, 1/2 the basket was soggy tortilla (not even crispy).
Both salsas taste like they're from a can, the green one tastes like sugar water.
Kids "quesadilla" is just cheese melted on top of a tortilla.
Maybe they were having an off day.
Locals seem to like it because it was packed.
I hate posting bad reviews but hoping they see this and step up the quality.
I've never been served a basket of soggy chips, ever.
My note to the owner, make your salsa fresh.
It would make a world of difference.
If you already do, try a different recipe, it's as bad as a store bought can.

One of my favorite salsas in the valley green and both red both have a great sweet flavor.
The pork here is extremely tender and a great smoked flavor to it.
Overall high quality Baka style Mexican one of my tops

Really gross.
The wait staff was awkward & kind of rude.
The drinks were okay.
I just knew I could have made myself a better dinner at home.

Love the green corn tamale and black bean salsa.
Rather pricy though.
But one of my FAVES!

First time here.
Overall this restaurant is the best Mexican restaurant I've eaten at since I moved here about 2 years ago.
I'm not a fan of the salsa but my wife loved the margarita she had and the tamales.
I had the carne asada which I also enjoyed.
We also had some desert the mexican flan and the sopapilla.
The flan was pretty good the sopapilla was good but the honey that came with was not appetizing at all.
I would recommend this restaurant to my friends.
Can't wait to try some other dishes.

The chicken Mole was the best ever!
Cooked to perfection spiced to please the palette and I've had homemade mole from Oaxaca Mexico.
It's not for everyone but worth a try.
A combination of over 22 spices chocolate and cinnamon balanced.
Yum.
Fresh homemade guacamole.
Warm chips not greasy!
You can ask for no salt on the chips.
Margaritas top notch tequila resposado anejo Patron, Blue Agave.
All the good stuff.
Flan is not flimflam.
Muy Sobrosas and reasonable.
Not typical Text Mex.
More like real Mexican food.
Spinach enchiladas filled with whole leaf fresh.
Con Carne with roasted corn.
Fabulous.
Clean, excellent service and a fun festive but not over done atmosphere.

