I've stopped at this outlet a few times and I enjoy it quite a bit.
There's a good amount of table space and the wifi is available as it is at all Starbucks.
The only drawback to this location is its location.
It's a pain to get in and out sometimes because you have to cross traffic on Rainbow Boulevard.
You also have to know to come out a different driveway if you're going north on Rainbow.
Once you know, though, it's OK.

I come here almost everyday before I go to work.
The staff is very friendly and the drive thru goes by pretty quick.The only thing which I wasn't too happy about is a staff member here.
Every time she makes my drink there is always something wrong with my drink, I don't want to make a complaint about my drink when she's already giving me a hard time taking my order!

Have you ever been to Starbucks and wondered... Hmmm If only I could order a  half of a gallon of my favorite $5 treat.
Well now you can, It is called the Trenta.
This monstrosity will have you buzzing all day long, I order a simple Iced Coffee with sugar free vanilla I am definitely not the Venti iced half-skinny half-1 percent, split quad shot (Two poured over the top, other two mixed) with 2 pumps of Carmel, one scoop of vanilla bean powder, stirred, no whip, double cupped guy.
This place is always spot on my order since it is quite easy to pour some Pre-made coffee into a cup that is packed full of ice and hand it out the drive thru window with a smile on your face.
Starbucks is your modern day crack dealer... Not that we don't have enough of those in Vegas already.
Here is to a great Starbucks started Friday morning.

A iced caffe mocha no whip extra shot made here is just the same as it is at the Starbucks down the street, or across town.
3 stars for the homogenized experience.

This store has become dirty, tagged up bathrooms, and overall crappy moody female service.
Drink was made properly.

Yes, all Starbucks stores are the same.
BUT, I have found that with my signature drink (Trenta Caramel Soy Iced Coffee) there are several things to get wrong.
The soy to coffee ratio has to be right and if they pour the soy after the coffee the blend is all off.
Also, I have paid several different prices for my drink.
Sometimes, its an Iced Coffee with Soy and others it's an Iced Coffee with Milk and there is no extra charge for the soy.
This location gets it right every time.
I live around the corner and opt to walk the few blocks each morning.
The team there has become very familiar very quickly and always gives me a pep in my step to start my day.
Everyone is all smiles whenever I come in and are always efficient with the service.
When they start remembering my name, I'll give 'em the fifth star.

I love this Starbucks for its convenience.
It's right next to the 95 for my commute to Hendertucky and the drive thru is not ever that busy when I go.

Been here twice and both times they've failed to understand what non-fat milk means.
I'm not calling it a venti skinny blah bah blah, just give me a large non-fat coffee and take my money.
You bunch of retards.
I kid.
A little.
But we need some additional training at this one.

I've only been through the drive thru here, but they are super fast and friendly which is helpful when your driving to work!
Always good coffee!

Ok, I LOVE Starbucks!
Well, wait- I love it by DEFAULT because before I am a coffee and tea junkie, I am a wi-fi junkie.
That said, this chain could easily be my kryptonite, except for the fact that I do some of my best work here!
So it's actually more of a safe haven for me.
I like the air of familiarity in any of the locations and especially this one.
It's got a kind of a funky location.
The kind where if it weren't a Starbucks, it would probably be vacant commercial property.
Parking is odd, the drive-thru is too, and there's only "one way in & one way out.
" But I assure you, once you get over those little hurdles, there is a very nice staff that is there to assist you with your favorite thing on the menu!
I think all of these things make it my special, cozy, safe haven.
Oh, it also seems to be a fun stop for police officers too... which is neither here nor there.
Enjoy!

This Starbucks location is easily the best of any I've ever been to.
The staff here is always friendly, the drinks are consist and well made, the service is speedy and the place is always clean.
We're all familiar with Starbucks products so I won't bore you with what my drink preferences are but I will tell you that you won't have a bad experience at this location.
Guaranteed!

Drive thru here is quick.
Most of the time they make the drinks great, but sometimes you can tell they're moving at the speed of sound making it cause there's syrup all over the side of the cup.
The people that work here are great.
Sometimes the cashier, the older woman, has a bad day and she's pretty grouchy, but nothing offensive, for me anyway.
I'm sure the overweight businessman behind me will bust out off his shirt from her tartness though.

I love this location.
It is one of the bigger ones and they have a huge outside seating area, with umbrellas for the sun.
The lady taking our order could have been friendlier.. She could have at least smiled?
Usually I just get an iced caramel macchiato, but this time I was hungry.
I ordered an asiago & cheddar pretzel, which was okay.
I also got a cheesecake brownie.
I took two bites and threw it away.
I've learned that when coming to Starbucks I should just stick to the coffee.
The pastries always seem to disappoint.

I never used to go to Starbuck's because I don't drink coffee but I started tutoring someone for a class and that is where we would meet.
So now I get there on the regular.
I usually get the biggest Green Ice Tea Sweeten they carry or the Apple Cinnamon drink..wow nothing better.
Yesterday I was working in an office across the street from this location and walk over for my Ice Tea and asked if I can come back for a refill as I had to go back to the office to meet a customer.
They Manager said "Sure We Can Do That".
I thought that was great customer service!
I bounce back two hours later get my refill and they even say "You are back" when I walk in.
The small things can make all the difference... By the way the student I tutored got an "A"..

White Chocolate Mocha delicious.

The staff here are amazingly nice.
I watched a disabled customer come in with crutches who they greeted by name and even helped him back out to his car with his ordered.
When my husband spilled his coffee,  not only did they quickly come to clean it up,  they also gave him another drink for free.
Great staff!

Sometimes the drive thru is not the fastest, but often times I am the only car so it's a fifty fifty shot.
So if you like to gamble this is the drive thru for you!
The same thing has to be said for the cafe...
Sometimes they have it together, while other days they don't even know you exists!
One day I waited 10 minutes for a Venti 10 pump chai latte and they weren't even busy!
I was beginning to think the barista forgot to write my cup out!
Come on guys, chai lattes don't get any easier!
You don't even have to pull any shots!
10 minutes was a bit ridiculous!
I was in there just last night and the young blond barista didn't even acknowledge me with a hello or even a smilie, although she looked at me about three times as I was waiting for someone to come to the counter.
I get that she was busy, but all she had to do was acknowledge my presence, not act like her life as a barista was so ruff!
95% of the time I only order a Grande Pike Place anyway, so it's not like I am putting them out, which is their job by the way!
Customer service is a MUST with me.
I can forgive slow but not rude and thus the three stars.

I ordered a cappuccino!
It felt a little light!
It was too light.
I believe the barista poured a sip into my cup and topped the rest off with foam.
Not happy.
I guess a few bucks does not go a long way these days.
Try harder Starbucks!

