Spicy City has taken over the New Shanghai.
We went today for lunch and we all thought it was pretty good.
The dining room has been repainted but still has big cardboard boxes in the corner LOL.
The kitchen looked clean.
We ordered the lamb with cumin which hubby and I enjoyed but teen boy's said it had to much cumin.
(the waitress told us that white people do not like this dish ha ha)  We had a combination spicy hot pot with chicken and beef which was very hot and delicious.
We had twice cooked pork and fish fillet with garlic sauce, both were very good.
The place was not very busy so I hope people give it a try!
They have American Chinese as well so something for every body.

This is my first yelp review.
I'm writing this review because: it's not every day that you have your worst restaurant experience ever.
Mine happened in this restaurant, Chinatown, Las Vegas.
Dirty - I meant really nasty 2.
No service at all 3.
Foods are not good and expensive.
DO NOT go to this restaurant!!!!!!!!

Worst restaurant ever!
dont go!
you will regret it!

We were hoping we have an alternative to Yunnan Garden which is excellent as we also like this style of Chinese food.
We sampled three of our favorite dishes from Yunnan Garden over here at Spicy CIty to make a direct comparison:  1) Tofu appetizer from the show case.
2) Pork stew noodles 3) Rice cake with pork.
What a disappointment!
The Tofu doesn't have any depth of flavor.
The rice cake was bland and only sprinkled with a few small pieces of pork.
The Pork stew noodles didn't have much pork and the soup was MSG based (Yunnan's isn't).
Price is more here probably due to the rent on Spring Mtn.
Yunnan is in the low rent portion of "Chinatown" but they prove that with good food, people will flock to it even if you are hidden away.
Service from the single waiter wasn't too bad but the owners don't seem too friendly.
High minimum for credit card usage ($25).
The hallway light to the restrooms were turned off the entire time we were there (evening).
Lighting color specturm is more suited for a factory floor than a restaurant.
We wouldn't go back again!
EDIT-We recently went to a "Spicy City" in San Diego (5/7/11) that is part of a chain of  Spicy Cities in SoCal.
According to the lady, the chain is the originator and there are many clones out there including the one in Vegas.
The Spicy City in San Diego tasted better.

Inexpensive and decent Chinese Cuisine.
Come dine here for the food, not the service or ambience.
The walls are fairly bare, and besides a TV playing Chinese Television and movies, there isn't a lot going on aesthetically speaking.
We ordered:  Spring Rolls - Lightly crisp, packed with shredded cabbage and a nice garlic flavor.
I prefer an Americanized Egg roll with meat inside, but this wasn't too bad.
Definitely not too greasy, which is key in spring rolls.
General Tso's Chicken - Nice and sweet, this guilty pleasure item really hit the spot.
The crisp breading wasn't too heavy or greasy, and the sauce, while quite viscous, wasn't overly heavy.
1/2 Smoked Duck - A light smokey flavor comparable to a smoked ham.
The skin was nice and crispy, and the breast meat was especially delicious.
Since duck is fattier than many other Poultry, I was alright with the pieces that had a little fat on them.
Luckily if you are not, the skin (fat) seperates without struggle, and you can just enjoy the tender meat.
Dan Dan Noodles - Rice noodles topped with crushed peanuts, Chili flakes, ground pork, and chili oil.
Nice and spicy, these noodles carried a bit of the chili oil which made them messy and greasy, but I still enjoyed them.
The flavor was quite nice, resting on the heat from the chili flakes and the salt from the peanuts.
I wouldn't rush back here since there are so many other Chinese restaurants in the vicinity, but overall a pretty good meal, especially for the price.
All this food plus two Budweisers ended up costing about $50.

Not impressed.
With a thumbs up from restaurant reviewer John Curtis, we gave this place a try.
I see the Yelp reviews are all over the place for Spicy City, and clearly has been invaded by some disgusting trolls with only one review under their belt and no friends skewing the stars in an unfavorable way for Spicy City....most of those are filtered now thankfully, a couple still remain IMO.
That said, everything we had was not that good at all.
Some chicken dish that I forgot the name of, boiled Sechezuan beef that had plenty of fire from red pepper flakes but I detected NO Schezwan pepper at all.
Also ordered some tiny, sausage filled, unimpressive, dim sum appetizer.
Maybe we ordered the wrong dishes, but everything WE had was not that good at all.
I hate giving bad reviews but this place is didn't cut it for us at all.
Waiter and service was fine, and the place didn't look filthy like other reviews have claimed-it certainly wasn't spotless either.

I was searching for a different place to try and was wondering the Chinese mall and ran across Spicy City.
The restaurant seemed to be one of the busiest places so I entered cautiously.
All the tables were taken so I was seated at a table that seats 10 and later a couple and another male joined me.
They all spoke Mandarin, no English like most or all of the patrons here.
The one guy was just slurping away at his bowl of noodles and was in the zone.
I ordered the #1 special noodle soup with rice noodles, shrimp and chicken which was not spicy but very flavorful and I totally enjoyed.
To compliment the soup I ordered Mongolian lamb and asked the waiter to not to spicy.
The combination of peppers, lamb, green and white onions was delicious and I was hooked on that dish.
If your looking for a place with nice decor don't bother coming here.
The service was decent, it seemed like two waiters were covering the whole place but they were dam efficient.
Spicy City accepts credit cards and they do add a 15% gratuity automatically which I didn't mine BC the service and food were good.

This is the best Chinese place I've ever been to!
They have food that I haven't seen at other Chinese places so that's a plus.
Just the right amount spice to light up my world :)  My friends and I went there this year around New Years.
We'll definitely go back!

That doesn't meet my basic expectation.
We came here for dinner and ordered some noodles.
One of them has stinky tofu and they didn't tell us.
They should let their customer know that one of their noodles has stinky tofu, not everyone can accept that smell.
Service was alright, don't expect too much.
Food wasn't good.

Spicy City is nothing spectacular, but it was edible.
It is a step above fast food quality, but there are many other places that offer better dishes, bigger portion, and cheaper prices especially during lunch time.
The lunch specials lack in all of the above.
I had ordered the eggplant in garlic sauce and it was ok.
I don't have anything more to say about it.
The deal comes with a bowl of egg flour soup, a large helping of rice, and sauteed cabbage.
The last item threw me for a loop.
I normally like the idea of getting a veggie with my meal, but cabbage is never at the top of the list.
It is cheap and adds little to a meal.
My friends ordered the sweet and sour spareribs and a pork chow fun.
The first item was not bad, they gave nice chunks of pork that were juicy.
The sauce was lacking in flavor.
It is a rare occasion for anyone to say Chinese food is lacking in seasoning.
While the chow fun was nothing great.
It wasn't even on the specials list.
So for full price, the portion was small.

Love this Restaurant.
The food is authentic.
Remember, make sure you order Hunan dish.

Got the vegetable and ham rice which was the best thing we ordered.
The beef noodle soup was just ok and all 3 cold items (spicy beef, pork intestine and soy bean/vegetable) were also.
Disappointed since I'm a big fan of spicy Chinese food (Yunnan, Sichuan, Human) but this place just fell short.
Won't be going back since I liked the old restaurant at this location more.

If your looking for some traditional Chinese, specializing in Yunnan style (not Sichaun) then this is the place!
Must get the Peking Meat Noodles, steamed pork dumplings (xiao long bao), the stir fried pig chitlins in spicy sauce.
I would definitely go back again.
It's not the nicest place to eat in terms of decor, but I didn't mind, the food was outstanding.
No wonder they opened a place in Taiwan, so if I go back any time soon, I'll be sure to find this place there!

Very good food.
Authentic.
Spicy as indicated by name.
We went there for dinner twice during our short visit to Vegas and we were happy both times.

Dishes were spot on.

They are one of my favorite chinese restaurant.
The owners are extremely friendly, i usually phone in to pre order the live lobster, it is the best dish i ever have in vegas!
I dont know why there are so many bad reviews here, their other spicy dishes are just as good as yunnan garden.

Maybe it was an off day we visited.
The food, particularly the noodles was not authentic to me, some dishes from another take-out place.
Cold appetizer dishes are excellent.
Service is great.

This place is good after a hangover!
Man did the hot soup hit the spot!
I always get the same things here: friend dumplings, dumplings in soup, beef in special garlic sauce, and now my new fav dish, baby bok choy with mushrooms.
They are never busy if you come in the morning/afternoon.
But don't be weary because it's empty; they food is satisfying.

I am very picky about my spicy Asian food and this place delivered.
I had the spicy tofu and spicy fish and it was amazing.
I loved the food!
I want more!
I will be headed back to work my way through the entire menu.

Foods are authentic!
Most of the foods are spicy yet delicious, and the non-spicy Yun Nan rice noodle soup is the best for real!
In a flavorful clear broth, the rice noodles are cooked al-dente and makes good comfort food!
Always packed but the high turnover rate helps get everyone seated quickly.
The only bad thing here is that credit cards are not acceptable, meaning Bring Cash!

It is a step above all spicy chinese food restaurant in town.
Foods are authentic just like in china!

We tried out the lunch specials and found them to be pretty good.
For about $6 we both got healthy portions of spicy food along with fairly good service.
Take a chance and go for the hotter dishes.
:-)

I am really suprised by the mediocre overall reviews for this restaurant.
I have been to Spicy city about 6 or 7 times, and it has been consistently great.
The only explanation for the mediocre ratings perhaps could be that people are not ordering spicy food at a restaurant named "Spicy City.
"  Whenever I go, I order spicy food that makes me sweat, and clears my sinuses.
Yes it is hot, but it is GOOD.
Indeed EVERY spicy dish I have ordered at this place has been at least good, and often is great.
Indeed I would say that this restaurant has become my favorite restaurant in all of Vegas when both cost and flavor are taken into consideration.
Don't go here if you don't like spicy food.
Don't go here for a romantic dinner for two.
This restaurant is like other authentic Chinese restaurants in being very utilitarian and non-fancy.
Go here if you like really spicy Chinese food that is delicious.

I went here on a lazy Saturday afternoon after being lured in by there lunch specials.
Tons of options.
I had the Garlic Shrimp, I greatly enjoyed the flavor of the sauce and the portion was more than fair for the 5.99 BF had the Sweet and Sour Pork.
The tang was something I didn't expect but quite enjoyed when I tasted it!
The pork was tender.
They have 3 dollar Buds woo hoo.
All in all a winner.

I like to check out the places that I haven't been told, "the best place for.
... is.
.." Usually that means one lemming told another lemming etc etc etc... Or some hipster who just moved to town has decided it's the bomb (#LeThai).
Spicy City doesn't have any sort of hipster / foodie cred.
Just good really well priced food.
If you like flavor as opposed to atmosphere (there is none) try this place.
I stumbled upon it when I had Satan's personal bronchitis that he must have felt I deserved (seriously, you sleep with a priest once....).
I had two spicy soups and cleared right up (take that BeeyellZoBob!).
The sautéed smoked pork is sublime.
And only $5.99 at lunch.
I'd take a Sunday afternoon first date here.
You can chat or watch Chinese soap operas on the big screen TV.
Then take a stroll around Chinatown Plaza (stop at a bakery!
Cream puffs!
) they'll never know you spent less than $25 on the whole date (you listening #EHarmony player players?

Cash only.
Food: nothing special.
Some of the dishes we ordered were questionable.
Hot & sour noodle soup wasn't either hot or sour.
It was just flavorless.
Meat in fried rice smelled funny.
Two stars for the guy who served our table.
He was nice.

We，totally 8persons ate in the resturaunt tonight，Christmas night！We were so happy before we ate inside！  But，Horrible service！I ordered ice water twice and their face look unhappy.
they through the plate on the table directly！They did't give us a public spoon or anything else to seperate food.
The worst thing，we ordered a lobster，30$ per lb，they said they have last one and over 3lbs，but when we saw the labster，it seems only half of 3lbs，I ate labster everywhere，this is horrible cheating us.
They stole our money！Fuck！  And they only accept cash payment，so that they can avoid tax！ I hope IRS could check！  Horrible place，dirty，noise，cheating，I will never ever go there！  Fuck place！  I take responsibility on what I said，I am Chinese and I don't want hurt them，but I have to，they are horrible！！

Don't go there, 太他妈的难吃了，shittist Chinese food you can ever imagine！Don't go there, 太他妈的难吃了，shittist Chinese food you can ever imagine！Don't go there, 太他妈的难吃了，shittist Chinese food you can ever imagine！

NEVER COME TO THIS TERRIBLE PLACE!!
BAD FOOD, TERRIBLE SERVICE!
RUDE PEOPLE!!
黑店！  I had the worst experience ever in this place.
I went to Vegas for the holiday trip with my family.
We stopped by the china town and found this place serve noodles, so we went in.
Man, I should have checked the yelp review before I went!!!
This place is terrible.
Their food doesn't taste good at all, yet they are VERY EXPENSIVE!!
Well, this is not the worst part yet.
When we had the lunch there yesterday, it was not full at all during the peak lunch time, yet they were very slow to deliver the dishes.
We complained to them that they were too slow, we were almost done with our noodles but they hadn't delivered the other fried vegetables yet.
You know what, I just complained about they were too slow, the lady (probably the owner) was very rude to me saying that they were busy, shouted at me that we should just wait for them!!
Of course I was very unhappy for that.
They didn't feel sorry about that at all but being rude to me.
When the bill came, they just forced to charge me 15% for the tips.
Well, I was never poor at giving tips.
But their service was so bad that I didn't want to pay for that much tip, especially "forced" to pay that much.
So I asked whether I could pay less.
Their owner came to ask me why, I explained how I felt I was treated rudely.
They didn't say sorry again, but shouted and threatened us with punching the menu on the table ...   what can I say with this place ..
I won't go there again anytime I visit Vegas again, and please avoid this place if you can ...

The flavor was alright, but for the prices (understand that rent here is high) I would've expected more.
We had the tofu with veggies, which was good, and the ma po tofu, which was alright.
The thing that really lacked for me was the clear noodle soup.
Usually even if noodle soup isn't spicy, the broth is full of flavor if it's done right.
My noodle soup tasted like nothing, like it was just water.
The service was pretty good.

We ordered sauteed wings with pepper, barely any chicken in the portion, its all pepper, chickens was too dry.
Mongolian beef was allright.
The sauteed bok choy was good.
My tip for the owner of the restaurant: Train your employee (waiter) to never say anything BAD in the menu.
That time we tried to order something, the waiter just snaped off and said: "No, don't, its BAD".
I may understand the waiter/manager just tried to suggest something better for us and I appreciated it.
However it could be a turn off for the customer, esp the customers who are new in town and unfamiliar with your restaurant.
The waiter could use a lil' bit more formality when taking orders and serving the food.
If one guest on a full table were aksing for a water, that could be a clue for you to offer some drinks to other guests on the same table as well.
Went there for the experience.

the worst restaurant in Las Vegas.
how does this place stay open?
upon walking in.. there were only two tables that had people sitting there.
both tables were not Chinese people.. they were Mexican.. which tells you this place is not authentic.
then.. you sit down at a table.. which are like made out of cardboard by the way.
the waiter is unkind and only said the word "ok" to us after we ordered.
he didn't say hello or anything.
the tea we got was room temperature and watered down.
the food is flavorless.
I've never had to put so much salt in my food before as I did tonight.
we ordered yunnan rice noodle soup$7.99 and beef noodles$8.99.
totally unauthentic.
the portions are not small.. they're down right STINGY.
a lot of water and a little bit of flavor.
all the pieces of chicken I received was only bone.
the ham tastes as if it has been sitting in the freezer for ever.
don't think that putting chili oil in your food will make it taste better, because their chili oil sucks too.
is this place really named "spicy city"?
also finally.. even though there were only three tables that were occupied now at this point, the waiter didn't bother checking up on us or even giving us the check.
service sucks but i would have been okay with that if the food didn't suck.
but it did.
EVERYTHING SUCKS.

We came here as a large group (three families) last Christmas when visiting Las Vegas.
We got a water boiled fish, a water boiled beef, chow mein, fried rice, spicy shrimp, spicy chicken, pork noodle soup, etc.
At the beginning, they had appetizers like pickled cucumber.
The dishes were pretty good, fairly standard for a Szechuanese restaurant.

It's not bad, it's a good place to grab a quick meal.
Service is also friendly

Customer service suck!!!
Been seating for over 25 minutes.
They didn't bother to give me hot tea or water.
I got all my food, the serving was very little and the price is averaging $12-$16 per order.
I was eating still hasn't give me MY water!!!!
I had to asked them!
My water run out, they just starring at my glass with ice.
"I guess they're waiting till my ice melted down" ~__~ really unprofessional business.
Overall to be honest I will not come back here.
I check two restaurant next door and they were really busy and packed of customer then I just decided to go to empty one, but I didn't know the place was empty because they suck.
~__~ wasted about $46.00 meal.
Ohh well I learn my lesson.

I should really read those reviews before come.
The food was not nice at all- I ordered a MaoXueWang and it was 80% full of spring sprout！ The price was high!- Is it they don't know how much other similar restaurants' similar food?!
The service was fucking rude!!!
!--we were not that hungry so we only ordered one dish and he said" only one?!
Whatever.
It's up to you.
" And then left.
When we checked, they asked us to pay cash but we wanted to use card.
But since they asked, we putted all of our cash on the table.
They counted and it was only enough for paying food, no more for tips.
Before we said nothing,they said"you have to pay tips!
" We said:"so use the card.
" and then they received our card reluctantly.
We are visitor in Vegas and this restaurant had ruined our beautiful night totally.
We highly don't recommend you guys go there.
This kind of restaurant doesn't deserve to get people's business.
If you don't know how to do your business, you will shut down one day, sooner or later.

Rude services.
Nasty food.
High price.
I had bad diarrhea and my friend felt nausea after eat there.
Not recommended and won't go back.

Beware of this restaurant using nasty practice to rip you off.
They would suggest something highly priced and intentionally count wrong items to charge you twice.
This restaurant has been moved to the second floor of the Ranch 99 mall.
大陆来的特别注意老板的欺骗行为

Super delicious.
Very flavorful.
Spicy clams, ma po tofu, sweet and sour ribs, hot and sour soup were all very delicious

