I really love the great service I get from Barb and Pete at Tees and More.
They are fast friendly and do the job right!
I highly recommend them!

I needed a small number of shirts quickly.
When I went in, I received great customer service, and was tended to with patience as I did not have a design already.
This business felt like hanging out with friends, not dealing with stuffy business people.
I highly recommend using Tees and More for screen printing.

Barb at Tees and More does a great job.
They provided our company shirts and did a perfect job.
Fast service, great service and great people.

Tees & More does all the shirts for two women's non-profit organizations with which I am involved.
They are high quality, ladies shirts, completed timely and at a very affordable price.
Barb is excellent at her job and will help you design your shirt and make it look fabulous.
Thanks!

Rude, unhelpful and very disappointed.
I felt as if I was inconveniencing the owner to do his job.
I won't ever use this company again and honestly I am surprised they are still in business.
Look elsewhere and don't waste your time.

Last October, I went in and explained to Barb that I was only in town for the week and was there any way to rush my order of two tee shirts.
Not only did she do them while I waited, she had great ideas and suggestions for the font style and size.
One of the tees had a message that may offend some people (regarding my feelings toward cancer), and I wasn't sure if she would make it.
She didn't bat a lash.
I questioned her why she was agreeable to it.
She explained I am not a child, trying to shock .And, I had modified the word sufficiently enough with the use of an asterisk instead of a vowel that she was comfortable doing it.
A couple of days later, I came in to get another tee made, for my friend's husband.
Again, she rushed it through.
The next month, when I was back in town for another week, I had yet another one made for my niece's husband.
It seems they have a rather large inventory of basic tees on hand for small, rush orders.
I found the prices reasonable, too.

I took a tee shirt into this business that I had done and asked if they would be able to do the picture and lettering.
Barb told me that since the tee shirt was only 50% cotton it would be better for me to do the picture myself.
I asked if the pictures should be put on before the lettering.
Barb said that would be fine as they would protect it.
I returned with 7 shirts the following day, lettering was selected and the shirts surprisingly were done it less then 24 hours.
I happily left only to get home and see that two of the seven shirts had the picture melted and destroyed.
Upon calling the older man told me that it was basically not their fault the material was inferior,etc.
So I had to ask for a refund for those two shirts, he offered nothing until I asked.
Upon this I was told I would need to return to the shop and he would refund the money.
NEVER, was there an apology or acceptance of any blame on the shops part.
My goodness, it is a tee shirt, do the correct thing, take blame and apologize.
I will not return.

