This little gem of a restaurant is tucked away in a strip mall connected to a Fry's Marketplace.
I would have never noticed the place if it weren't for the big letters on the window proclaiming "Lunch Buffet - $5.95".
Somehow my radar has been finely tuned to pick up on these words.
Of the three times I've been here, I've only had the buffet twice.
That ill-fated third visit was marred by my being fifteen minutes late.
By that time the buffet had already been cleared, so get there on time.
Buffet runs 11:30am-1pm.
The six dollar price tag for the lunch buffet is worth it.
They only have about ten items but they're quality dishes.
Americanized but good.
Hot and sour is the only soup option on the buffet but that's fine by me.
It's awesome hot and sour soup.
I love the stir fried green beans with garlic, sesame chicken, roasted chicken, BBQ pork fried rice and the egg rolls.
I think there's only like two hostesses/waitresses.
One seems pretty crabby and not very welcoming.
I like her.
What's a meal without a little anxiety?
Been three times and I'll probably be back.

Foodies, don't let this place deceive you!
They are running two businesses under one guise.
The first is regular ol' ho mogwai (not cute furry creature, but basically Chinese for gringo) food.
There are two menus here and depending on what you look like (yes, I know it's discrimination) they will give you the blue menu or the pink menu.
Sometimes they may give you both if you appear to be down with it!
The pink menu is full of sweet and sour chicken and other morsels Americans expect in their Chinese "adventures" The blue menu is the Chinese menu (translated in to what is at times, very humorous Engrish).
You may have to ask for this beauty.
The clientele in the eat in part of the business is largely Chinese and this usually speaks volumes to the quality to price ratio at Chinese places.
The Chinese patrons typically receive an earthenware pot of soup called "daily soup" that is totally free.
The soup is different everyday, and often has ingredients favored in Chinese medicine.
My kids like it, so we get it.
It isn't offered to everyone, so if you want it, ask for it.
We have a few favorites here that include seafood chow fun (with gravy), monks platter (an array of mushrooms unlike any I've ever known, paired with tofu), stir fry fish with vegetables (sauteed whitefish with Ginger and baby bok choy), something that I believe is called Peking rib (a staple at most tables, crunchy red goodness), fried calamari, and many others currently evading me.
A portion of our family is Chinese, and so we always celebrate Chinese New Year with wonderful seafood dishes.
We have typically shared this meal at C-Fu to watch their lion dance performance.
This year C-Fu canceled the show, so we couldn't see paying twice as much for food that definitely isn't twice as good.
We fed 16 people for around 120 dollars this year.
It was awesome!
Do know that the loss of a star is only due to the fact that the staff is discriminatory.
We have come in before (before our Chinese relatives arrive) and chopsticks and tea cups were removed from the table.
The staff can be quite brusque until you get to know them.
We've been coming in for two years now and it has taken this long for them to start being friendly.
The food, however, supersedes any lack of manners in the staff.
Go in and make the decision that their antics are comical rather than hurtful and like the platter clean!

Don't mind the crabby waitress!
The buffet is CHEAPER alternative than going to Panda Express (maybe even a bit tastier?).
I realize Panda Express is not the best example of Chinese food, but if you are looking for an inexpensive, Americanized Chinese food there is no better.
I can't speak for the traditional Chinese food menu, but I recommend that you do not come here for GOURMET Chinese food.
Also I wish they would clean their fish tank.
It was ok until I noticed them taking out a fish and taking it to the kitchen.
Then again there is no fish in the buffet ;)

I have a fear of fast Chinese food.
Some meals should take longer and not have a drive through.
This is a sit down (or take out) restaurant that is good for your basic Chinese.
The prior review was completely correct.
They have two menus.
One for the gringo, and the other with a completely different selection in Chinese.
Staff is a little rough, but get you served right away.
They do take fish from the tank, and I would imagine that entry is on the "hidden" menu.
It's the right spot Saturday night after Thanksgiving and you can't take anymore leftovers.

At first glance, I was skeptical.
I've never had "real" Chinese food in a strip mall that wasn't devoted to Asian clientele.
On the other hand, it was my picky Chinese family that had decided on this place.
Once I stepped in the door, I realized that this restaurant seemed real enough.
It even had the Chinese kid in the corner, probably the child of the restaurant owners forced to stay there because his parents were working and Chinese people don't hire babysitters (been there, done that).
They handed us the menu (Chinese apparently), and we proceeded to order.
I was pleasantly surprised by the free.
It was the dried bok choy kind that I don't know how to efficiently translate to English.
Not that I'm a particular fan (I dislike Chinese soups), but the way it tasted exactly like the kind my mom makes at home definitely caught my attention.
The meal was delicious and I definitely ate waaaay too much.
Overall, very good and I hope that I get to come again.

Yum!!!!
Of course I had to come with all Asians to appreciate this place.
I really have little clue the name of the things they ordered but I enjoyed IT ALL!
My favorite¿?
a Taro/Duck fried cake they have!
just amazing.
There is a complementary soup they serve before everything and that is a MAJOR PLUS!
So get your Cantonese speaking friend and enjoy!

Good authentic hk style food!
Service is questionable but the flavors are great!
Try the fried noodles, beef and fungus, and fried taro duck if you get the chance :)

Food was very, very salty.

Chinese buffets have a low ceiling... am I right?
Hong Kong Asian Diner understands and (dare I say) embraces this concept.
Rather than overwhelming you with sub-standard desserts and rice-filled sushi, HKAD delivers a small buffet of about 8 solid Chinese dishes for a very low price ($5.75).
They also have a "salad bar" that is so unbelievably terrible that I assume the chef is trying to be ironic.
[It's lettuce, jell-o cubes, canned fruit, and 2 salad dressings, and it's probably refreshed weekly.
]  The egg drop soup was tasty although over-peppered.
I had two favorite dishes on the buffet:  asian green beans (perfectly cooked with some crunch left in them), and Kung Pao shrimp (which goes quickly after it's refilled.
Stay alert.
)  The Mongolian beef and beef & broccoli were tender, although the broccoli was overcooked as usual at buffets.
The two type of sweet, deep-fried chicken bites were both enjoyable.
I preferred the lighter, sweeter sesame chicken.
[BTW: nothing was labeled, so I'm winging it with the names if you haven't noticed.
]  Other than that, there were some disappointing noodles and the classic staples of fried rice & egg rolls that I couldn't eat due to their porkiness.
Although this doesn't read like a rave review, this place is a steal for $5.75.
It's way better than a comparably-priced trip to Panda Express.
I'll take it over those large buffets that are twice as expensive and four times as large.
The food is fresher and I don't have to wonder questions like, "Why does this huge Chinese buffet also have pizza and french fries?

Price is great, but selection is really poor.
And during lunch they did not replenish the buffet very well.
They were nursing some of the older dry dishes rather than keeping it nice and fresh.
I wouldn't go back.
Rather spend $2 more and get 4 times the choices.
I'm guessing their regular menu is good though ... Food tasted fine.

= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!
= = = = = =   After having taken over two years to get back around to this mid-sized restaurant which offers a weekday Lunch Buffet from 11:30 to 2, Mike C. & I finally dropped back in today.
It's a somewhat stylish place in a Fry's Food shopping center, & offers a comfortable atmosphere with both booths and tables available.
The serving selection is still dinky for a Chinese Buffet, only 20 main items, but just wait 'til you taste how good the food is here!
I started with a bowl of their absolutely tops Hot & Sour Soup, which came with pork morsels in it & REAL Chinese soup spoons to eat it with!
After that, it was on to just one more great dish after another.
Rather than try to impress with a zillion different offerings, they just serve up these few, & make every one of them really right!
By the time it was over, I was just as full as leaving a Buffet with 150 selections, & saying that yes, factoring for the tiny price of $5.75 this wonderful place really is "AS GOOD AS IT GETS"!
:-))

Yummmmmm, I love this place, I will have to say though if you are looking for a typical Americanized Chinese restaurant this is not the place for you.
While they do have an "American menu" they also have a huge traditional Chinese menu (you might need to ask for it) We are regulars here and while one of my favorite dishes here is their spicy mongolian beef, my fiance John and I also love the fish with black bean sauce, salted fish fried rice, tangerine beef, wonton soup, chicken corn chowder and their peking duck as well.
They also have a lunch buffet during the week for $5.75 however we have never tried that as we know what we like to order when we stop in.
Overall I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place when we craving good Chinese food!

Oh, before you read...I didn't come for the buffet.
Why on EARTH would you want to eat food that's been sitting under heat lamps all day?
The integrity of the food is going to be compromised.
Stop expecting perfection at a buffet folks; ain't gonna happen.
Back to the review:  Hong Kong Asian Diner is a little unassuming place serves nice homey Chinese Cuisine.
I usually think it's a good sign when I am the only white person in an "ethnic" food restaurant...and both times I have eaten here, that's been the case.
They have 2 menus (like a lot of good Chinese spots do) one for traditional eaters...and one for "Everyone else".
I asked if I could take a look at both and was questioned "Ohh, you LIKE Chinese Food?
" Well, yeah!
That's why I'm here.
Anyway, the ladies here are super sweet, funny and attentive.
Their food is also really lovely.
I had the Buddha's feast (from the traditional menu) and the Orange Chicken (yup...the everyone else menu) and I loved both!
The vegetables were crisp, tasty and weren't overwhelmed by the light sauce...and the Orange Chicken...drooling...sooo good!
They slice it into these strips and flash fry it.
NO heavy breading, and the sauce was super sticky, sweet, and tangy.
Washed it all down with an effervescent and cheap (nice, right?
) Tsing Tao while being chatted up a few times, since I was dining alone.
I really liked these ladies, and I tell ya --- Customer Service really does go along way.

There is nothing truer than you get what you pay for.
The $6.25 lunch rate sounds pretty awesome however the food doesn't even match $1.00.
All the dishes are super greasy, salty, etc.
Just to put this on the right perspective, Panda Express and Pei Wey menu have much better quality and the dish itself has a better look.
The place is not as clean as it should be.
Just to begin with, the guy who collects the dishes carries a garbage cart throughout the entire room and dispose the leftovers in a bucket right in front of you.
It is pretty much like you were eating in the dishwashing kitchen area.
If you really like Chinese food, avoid this place because they have no idea what food from the mainland is.

Tried this place today,  really good food.
Reminds me of my family dinners out growing up.
Best Chinese I've had in az in long time.
Will be back,  owners were telling me to try the duck.
Next time!
Oh, and dont go for the buffet, and do order from the "other", menu!

Disclaimer:  This review is based on one take-out experience so I can't speak for the buffet or the in-house service.
I could just slap myself silly for not trying this place sooner... and while a resident in Arizona!
I noticed it on my jaunts to the Fry's next door all the time, but never thought to pop in for lunch.
Too bad.
They make vegetable lo mein and moo goo gai pan just how I like 'em!
Not too juicy, nor too salty and really not very greasy at all.
The light garlic sauce was terrific and they picked all the veggies I love:  water chestnuts, snow peas, broccoli, baby corn, mushrooms.
Yum!
The noodles are slightly thicker than spaghetti and perfectly al dente.
Mr. Wok still wins over HKAD in that department by having a slightly more flavorful sauce.
So far I'm tempted to say that I've had more luck finding good fast Chinese in AZ (and in CA) than in WA.
The service is totally indifferent and words exchanged were minimal, so proceed with care if that's important to you.
My other Phoenix Chinese takeout place is the same way but good food is worth the 'tude!
Easy peasy parking since it's in a strip mall.
My only possible beef is that they didn't include any utensils or napkins, but one could also say that's a plus considering how many of those plastic picnic paks are chinked into landfills.
This place is on my list for next visit!

I am reviewing the dinner not the lunch.
As a Hong Kong Chinese, I believe that they probably have the best Hong Kong style Chinese food in the East Valley.
All this "moo goo guy pan" stuff isn't real Chinese food so if you expect that, then go to Panda Express but if you know what to order then I think you will enjoy.
Yes, there ambiance/customer service sucks but if you went to HK then I think you would be holed in your hotel ordering in because they do the same thing.
A better judgment call is to look at all the Asians in there, if you see that then that's probably a better indication; we don't care about anything other than the food.
A stronger indication why most Asians don't go to PF Changs etc unless you have a gift card/coupon.
One word of caution, know your Chinese holidays!!
If you go during the Mid Autumn festival or Chinese New Year, you will wait for like an hour just to be seated, so arrive early same applies for take-out as well.

Took my family here for dinner and was pleasantly surprised.
The food is good and the price was very reasonable.
Is this the best Chinese food in town?
No.
But, it reminded me of my first encounter with Chinese food as a kid.
Sizzling rice soup.
Mongolian beef.
Sesame chicken.
All were very good.
Simple, inexpensive and enjoyable.
I will try the "Hong Kong Menu" next time as it looked very interesting.

I returned for the Moo Goo Gai Pan.
Always a treat.
This time got the Wor Won Ton Soup for $5.25 that feeds two.
Broth is well flavored but salty.
Just enjoy the wealth of ingredients:  broccoli, cabbage, snow peas, baby corn, shrimp, won ton, char shiu pork, carrots, mushrooms and white meat chicken!
Mmmm....

Great Food, order off the menu (ask your server for advice).
Apparently they have two different menus, 1 for Americanized Chinese & 1 for authentic Chinese.
I was not advised of the second menu when I went, but my waitress helped me out none the less and I had a very good meal (we did however order the Americanized orange peal chicken and loved it.
lightly breaded and fried no to oily though)

