I've been taking stray kitties here to get fixed before I adopt them out.
I like the atmosphere and appreciate their hospitality.
The thing that I liked the most about coming here is how available they make themselves to you.
I called and left a voicemail on a day that they weren't open hoping to schedule an appt for that Wednesday.
Since they didn't open until Wednesday I thought it was a long shot since they probably wouldn't get my message until that morning.
Nope- I got a call from Dr. "Scott" that same day and scheduled my appt.
He called back on a day he was supposed to have off!
I've gotta appreciate their dedication to their craft :)

P.A.W.S is a wonderful place to take dogs and cats for their health needs.
We have three dogs and after being treat poorly by other offices in the phoenix area it was time to make a change.
One of our labradoodle need to be neutered and I heard about PAWS and decided to take him for an appointment.
The facilities were VERY clean and the staff was really nice.
I met with Dr. Diskin and he gave me the the risks and benefits of having the dog neutered ...Not to mention it was incredibly reasonably priced.
They called me as soon as he was out of surgery to let me know how he did.
they provided me with great post-op instruction and this morning emailed me to check on Rufus.
I plan on having all three of my dogs teeth cleaned there too!
I would recommended them to anyone looking for a great place for spay/neuter, vaccines and teeth cleanings

I would not hesitate to take my pet here.
Dr. Diskin was informative, and very gentle in the way he handled my cat.
She is afraid of men usually and went to him purring.
Her post op recovery was very smooth.
She was not nauseated, nor did she seem in any pain.
They sent home pain medications which she did not mind at all.
Awesome..  And Debi the receptionist is very very nice.
The price was very reasonable.

I took my Dog and they were so great to her!
And their prices are amazing I will def.
be coming back here again for my other animals needs!

I took our 16 week old puppy in to be neutered and get shots.
The price quoted was the actual price and very reasonable.
The staff was genuinely friendly and professional.
There were no hidden or extra costs.
My puppy came home happy and his usual playful self.
I highly recommend PAWS and Dr. Diskin!

I consider my dog a very important family member and want only the best care I can get for her.
This is a clinic that does preventative care such as spay, neuter, shots, teeth cleaning and such.
The vet here has so many surgeries he has successfully performed.
I took my Shih Tzu to PAWS for her third set of vaccinations because they did not charge for an office visit.
I thought I would see a tech, but I saw the vet, who administered the shots in addition to giving my pup an overall look at her teeth, coat, etc.
I was treated better here than at the full-service vet office I did the first round of shots that cost me three times as much for the same vaccines.
I decided I would take my sweet little puppy here to get spayed.
Dr. Diskin did a top-notch job.
I am so happy that I came to PAWS.
The staff is also amazing!
This place is no doubt 5 stars all around.
The pricing is beyond reasonable, the office is clean and very nice, and the care is superb!
This is my first review, and I only did it because I was really, really pleased with PAWS.

I can't begin to tell you how wonderful our experience at PAWS has been!
From the moment I called they made me feel at ease and welcome.
When we arrived for our appointment, we didn't wait but a few minutes.
Both the staff and Dr. were awesome.
Noodles and I are so happy we found them!

I'm so glad I found this clinic to have our little puppy spayed.
Everyone was wonderful!
=) Let me start with the staff, from the person who answers the phone who was Frank, was very friendly and accommodating which makes you feel welcome.
The receptionist who check us in was very professional, knowledgeable, friendly as she greeted us and with all the take-home advice once the procedure is done and when you're ready to bring your little furry friend.
The clinic is very warm and clean with an area where you can stay and have some refreshments while waiting.
Dr. Diskin is very nice, warm and reassured me that everything is gonna be fine.
I left my puppy with a feeling that yes, everything will be alright.
Few hours passed by, picked up my foggy puppy from the anesthesia and everything was ready for us, e-collar, take home meds, reminder sheet and some advices that I will be needing when my puppy starts her recovery period.
And after 2 weeks, everything was perfect!
The incision site healed well, no complications and my little baby was back to normal 24 hours post-surgery!!
Thank you everyone from PAWS for taking care of my baby and for doing a great job!
=)  Oh, they also were very accommodating in processing requests as they've made an error with the spaying certificate and the correct one was emailed to me in less than 24hours.
They also checked with us a day after of the procedure to see how our puppy was doing.
What a great follow-up protocol they have.
We appreciate everything you've done for us.
Saved us some money, great service and quality care!

I found PAWS through CapNip & Tuck, a local group that assists in low-cost spay and neuter.
We took in a stray male cat that was dumped in our neighborhood over a year ago and we were not able to rehome him or find his owner.
Mango, as we call him, wanted to be part of our family, but we couldn't do it till we had him fixed and checked for communicable diseases.
I was very impressed with cleanliness of the clinic, the friendly atmosphere and the caring attitude from the Dr and the whole staff.
You cannot find a better price anywhere for their service.
The tests we had run were a little more expensive than our former vet, but since we were already there we went ahead and got them.
They send you home with great instructions for post op care and pre-measured pain meds, which is very helpful.
I will definitely use them again and recommend anyone to contact CatNip & Tuck through their web site, fill out their application and get a VOUCHER --you will save big time!
($20.00 for a cat neuter plus 15.00 for pain meds!!
)   This is an A+++ clinic !!

I have taken my cat to be spayed and most recently my 6 month old Great Dane to be neutered at PAWS.
And I had great experiences with both.
The prices are extremely reasonable.
The facility is clean and comfy.
The receptionist and the vet himself are warm and informative.
No such thing as a stupid question.
They followed up with me the next day, patiently put up with my stupid questions and little freak outs, and left the lines of communication completely open.
When I panicked about his incision mark they told me I could text message a picture of it to them and the vet would check it out.
Of course he was just fine, and I am just a neurotic puppy mommy but it was wonderful to have a staff that is so caring and accommodating and doesn't make me feel self conscious at all about my concerns.
Highly recommended!

Had our six month old Lab-Rottie X spayed yesterday.
I made the appointment on Thursday morning, and emailed her medical information.
The staff was professional, caring and followed up via email.
I have no hesitation recommending the doctor and staff.
Thank you very much.
Regard's,  Monica

I took my puppy Maggie here for a spay and the place was great.
The office is nice, the prices are reasonable.
The receptionist is the sweetest lady ever!
They respond to emails promptly.
They sent her home with the pain medication already measured out in the syringe and gave me a lot of detailed information.

Best looking and cleanest  spay surgery incision I have ever seen.
Pain meds included with the surgery and was able to have my kitten vaccinated at the same time.
Great price and great employees.
I will be using them again.

This place is TERRIFIC!!
Debbie the front desk lady is the best!
Everyone is super friendly & helpful.
Prices are the lowest around & the place is always clean.
We've never had to wait.
I recommend this place to everyone!!
They take great care of our puppy.
Thanks!

My 10-year old Boston Terrier just had her teeth cleaned & her vaccinations at PAWS.
They did a great job & the price was much less expensive than what our regular vet quoted us.
I'll definitely go back.

I brought my two Rottweilers there because I had a SNAP voucher from Maricopa county.
The receptionist was wonderful and even had a photo of her own Rottweiler on her desk.
Then we met the vet,  he rushed me along even though I was 20 minutes early.
He pulled my females choke chain toward the scale.
She didn't like his treatment and didn't cooperate.
He then turned to me and thru gritted teeth told me to get her on the scale.
He weighed her once I coaxed her on, then began to drag her across the exam room in the same manner.
Now the make , her father got involved and I had to pull him away as they turned on this jerk,  He threw up his hands and said he refused service because they are anti social.
Maybe if he acted like a vet should they would have responded happily.
I wouldn't recommend this clinic to cut my dogs claws.
The vet is a jerk and should not be working with animals!

This is a great clinic.
Debi, the front desk receptionist, is so sweet and it's obvious she adores all animals!
She's the type to baby talk your pet like it's the most beautiful cat or dog in the world (what owner doesn't love that?)!
Hehe.
She's very genuine about her affection for the animals!
It's great.
I got my 7 month old puppy neutered here, along with getting his nails trimmed, AND his rabies shot.
I believe the total came out to $100 total.
That's CHEAP!
And it includes pain medication for 3 days after the surgery (during, too, of course, they are "put under").
The important thing to remember here is that THIS IS NOT LIKE GOING TO THE VET.
Wanna go to the vet and wait 45 minutes for a full exam and all these things?
It would be well over $400.
I was checked in immediately, and the surgeon, Scot, took his weight and checked heartbeat, and that's it.
Perfect.
I also took my pregnant cat in to get spayed (don't worry, she was not far along at all, no pain was felt by the unborn kittens), and because she was pregnant the total came out to $105.
STILL CHEAP!
Again, got checked in immediately and was given 3 days of pain meds for her.
The only "con" I would have is that they don't include the dreaded CONE.
It costs $15 (any size).
Dogs usually need to have these!
Cats generally do not.
Both animals are doing great, and considering you're paying a fraction of the cost that vet offices charge.... a lot of these "low cost clinics" don't treat the animals like the prince or princess they are!
This clinic is the best option when you're not willing to pay several hundred dollars for the same surgery (and you should be!).

Fantastic Value.
My little Goldendoodle was chipper and acting completely herself within 24 hours of her being Spayed.
Nice folks, fantastic care at a fraction of what other neighborhood vets charge.
Clean facility, no orders or smells.... A 5 star experience!

Want to schedule an appointment for heart worm test or vaccinations?
Tough titty, said the kitty when the milk ran dry...
I called in today and receptionist said the soonest is the 18th for a no appointment (wait in line with the masses) clinic.
Debbie indicated that their new policy(effective January 1, 2013) is NOT to schedule non emergency appointments for any pet older than 1 year old.
Unless you have a puppy or kitten for spay or neuter, forget about getting any appointment for routine vaccinations or tests here!
Debbie has been pleasant both in person and on the phone, so I am not casting blame on her for their policies.
They are a for profit business, they can run it however they please.
If you want better service and have your pet seen on your time, expect to pay more scheduling with your primary vet.
It all comes down to price vs. convenience, what your time is worth and how much patience you have.

After my initial review, PAWS has changed their policy and now has clinic days EACH AND EVERY WEDNESDAY, not once per month for pets over 12 months old.
I called ahead to get an idea of the wait and there was only one person ahead of me.
I brought my two boys in, got the shots and heart worm tests done, then brought Kayla in for her heart worm test an hour later and in 30 minutes, she was done and all tests were negative.
Just by changing this policy, I am certain they will have more business.
Nice job PAWS for being more available for pet owners.

Awesome place!
My baby girl is already very shy and the people at paws made her and myself feel very comfortable.
The clinic is nice and prices are VERY reasonable.
My girl just came out of heat and I figured that would be the "extra charge" that threw me, as paws sounded to good to be true.
Turned out to be a pennies on the dollar!
I dropped my girl off around 8, picked her up around 1:30, of course she was a little sleepy.
Slept it off for about a day, they sent me home with pain medication that was easy to use and she doesn't seem to mind the taste.
3 days later...her scar seems to be healing beautifully and she's back to her old self!

Amazing amazing amazing!
I've gotten three different pets spayed / neutered here.
The pain meds are included in their prices, the staff is knowledgable & friendly, the place is extremely clean & tidy.
Overall WONDERFUL experiences!

We have had all 3 of our siberian huskies fixed here, our male was a little complicated with a testicle that couldnt be found, but they did it with no complications, our two girls also got fixed and they handles all of our children like their own, Dr. Diskin is the best and the staff is second to none, caring and compassionate!

Awesome place.
Had my feline neutered here.
They were able to get him in within a week and were very reasonably priced.
Cost included meds and all.
Very friendly service and great about calling and updating you on how your pets surgery went.
Definitely will be taking my other cat and dog here for any services.
Great people and great place!

It is rare that you encounter an exceptional business or organization as PAWS.
After seeing their web site and pricing, i found them too good to be true.
They are, however  the real deal.
So accommodating, friendly and professional I can't see why anyone would bring their pet to get neutered anywhere else.
I had previously used another discounted valley service where local vets are used and later find out about extra pricing required such as anesthesia and pain killers!
As if!
With PAWS, everything was included, as well as pain killers and medicine for after care, They followed up with a phonon call after surgery and an email within 2 days.
This is as good as it gets.
I only wish my Vet was as good!

Took our adopted stray in for spaying, using a voucher from the county.
It was good for spaying/rabies shot.
Thought it was her first trip to a vet and that she was about a year old.
They called an hour later.
They had gotten her sedated and shaved - and found a spay surgery scar - along with some mouth infections that were more serious than we had thought.
I went and picked her up, along with some antibiotics.
Her mouth is better, and we sleep better knowing she has her shots (we got the 3-in-1 also) and is spayed (And already had been - she's a long hair so we didn't know!
)  The people there were great.
I'd give them 5 stars, but they don't have the equip on -site to verify previous surgeries like an x-ray or ultrasound, which seems like it would be beneficial - so if someone wants to donate some equipment, they'd probably appreciate it!

They we're so personable and professional.
My boy needed neutering and the price was unbeatable.

I would give PAWS 10 stars if that was an option!
I got my 9 month old puppy spayed on Saturday, and the experience could not have been better!
I was so nervous and everyone at PAWS made me feel completely at ease.
The Doctor was very knowledgeable and helped me understand the spay process.
When I returned to pick up my dog at around 1PM, the front desk staff were so sweet and cooed at the picture of her on their screen.
You can tell that they treat every animal that comes into the clinic like one of their own.
In addition to getting my puppy spayed, I also got two puppy teeth removed that didn't come in, a microchip, her nails trimmed, pain medication for three days and an e-collar, and the bill was astonishingly low.
Thank you, PAWS, for offering extraordinary care at such a low cost!

I am a breeder of rare, hypoallergenic cats.
I have been breeding for 17 years and worked with numerous veterinarians during that time.
Dr. Diskin and the staff at AZ Paws are amazing.
Their personalized attention starts with the human involved, and then intensifies with their patients.
I have seen so many vets charge extra for pain medication for animals post-surgery.
Dr. Diskin's group cares so much about their patients that they automatically give the pain meds in small, careful dosages.
I have used their services for spays, neuters, flight certificates, vaccines, and medical maintenance, and have been pleased every single time.
The cherry on top is when Dr. Diskin sends a personal email or makes a personal phone call following up the day after surgery to make sure the patient is doing well.
They are very, very affordable and have my utter respect and appreciation.
Use this organization without hesitation.
Breeder of naked kitties.

