Mountain Brew Coffee House has more than just coffee!
Great sandwiches and salads made with the freshest ingredients; and the desserts are very good!
It is a great place to sit and relax either outside where you can see the Superstitions or inside in a comfy atmosphere.
You are always greeted like family and made to feel at home the moment you enter whether it is your first time or your 100th.
And if you are looking for a great way to wind the week down go on Fridays from 6-8 pm and listen to the live music provided by many of Gold Canyon's talent.
Thanks guys for a fun, relaxing evening!

If you are ever out in the Gold Canyon area definitely stop by, they have some very flavorful coffees and the iced coffee is magical.
They have a breakfast and lunch menu.
Although I haven't had anything of the b-fast menu, the lunch menu is great!
It's been my personal challenge to try all their sandwiches and paninis.
There are some really unique combination's, with the King's Ranch being my favorite: Genoa Salami, artichoke hearts, baby spinach and provolone on your choice of bread.
It is a very clean establishment and the decor is far above the chain coffee houses with art from local artists.
Friday night's they stay open later and have local entertainment for a few hours in the evening.

I'll start off by admitting that I'm a Yankee.
Born and raised on in the northeast and I now live in Charlotte, North Carolina.
So I don't know much about how you folks in the west do stuff.
Like coffee.
A friend offered to take me on a scenic drive and along the way, I decided that I needed a coffee.
Sadly, Yelp was no help at finding a Starbucks (You're probably saying that I also don't know much about good coffee...) only because there wasn't one for 20 miles.
(Yeah, probably the only place in the world you can get away from Starbucks!).
But when I searched on just "Coffee" this place popped onto the radar.
So we headed here.
I was seriously impressed.
The prices were pretty solid, the service was really good and the coffee... well, the coffee was simply excellent.
I chose to go with an iced hazelnut coffee and it was great tasting coffee, blended perfectly with just the right amount of syrup to give it that hint of hazelnuts.
It's a good thing for my wallet that I live 2000+ miles away from Mountain Brew because I'd be spending most of my time and money right here!
Bonus: Free wifi worked well!

What a treat.
We thought we were in the middle of nowhere coming from competing in Florence and saw this coffee house from highway 60.
My wife and I stopped with hopes of just getting something close to good coffee and were quite surprised with Mountain Brew Coffee House's ambiance, coffee for me and tea for my wife, and great service.
We will make this a regular stop and give us something to look for in the long drive.

Try the lavender silk iced coffee!

Love this place!
Great selection of coffees, teas and food.
The service is very friendly and the shop has comfy chairs and outside seating!

Came here to study for a few hours.
I got a delicious iced latte.
VERY GOOD coffee!!
Wi-fi is fast.
Great customer service.
Also the food looks good!

This place really is as good as it gets.
The staff is truly fantastic and the drinks and food are great.
There is plentiful seating and free wi-fi.
I try to come here 1-2 times a week and I have never once been disappointed.
The tea selection is superb and the earl grey is spot on, not bitter or stale tasting.
Frozen drinks are also pretty delightful.
As far as businesses in the area, this is a real stand out.

I stopped here for a quick warm coffee drink before a hike through Gold Canyon recently.
I didn't have anything to eat, but from the looks of it they have several sandwich and pastry options.
My pumpkin spice latte was very good.
The inside is clean, long, and quiet.
I'll definitely stop here again when I'm in the area for hiking.

Best coffee in Gold Canyon.
I go there every chance I get.

Great place to sit, relax, and enjoy some great coffee or tea.
The staff is very friendly and helpful, and the oatmeal is great in the morning and for lunch the best Greek salad around

I went to the Mountain Brew to do some work for a few hours before meeting with a customer.
We have been there before and every time we get excellent service and the drinks taste the same...great!
The mocha latte tastes like it should.
Not like a cup of chocolate syrup with hot milk and a shot of espresso.
I will continue to go there every time I visit Gold Canyon.
Awesome place!

Coffee, food, frozen yogurt, and wifi...
I love this place!
There aren't a ton of spots to plug in, but I've never had a problem with it.
The egg salad sandwich is super yummy.
They also have soup and salad.
Great place to grab a bite and a drink before/after hiking in the area.

We both really enjoyed the high quality coffee.

