Out of all the Wal-Marts I've ever been to, this one is by far the WORST.
When I say, worst, I mean it with every inch of my heart.
The place is dark, the fruits and vegetables are 60% of the time rotted, molded, or smell HORRIBLE, and every time of day (regardless if it's night time or day) there is always boxes sprawled out on the floor for your cart to get stuck on, or for you to trip on.
I've seen snotty, dirty kids rubbing their noses all over food products while their parents just watch, I've seen a woman throwing up in the parking lot, went back about 3 days later and it looked like the vomit was still there, dried onto the concrete as if no one came and wiped it up, EUGH!
Also, don't get me started about the managers there.
I've never really had a problem with the employees that do the cashiering, but the managers are RUDE, and full of themselves.
One time I was there, a manager was yelling at one of her pregnant workers because she wasn't moving fast enough.
RIGHT in front of customers.
The woman looked like she was going to cry, but she held it in.
If I was that pregnant woman, I'd have slapped that manager so hard she'd have thought twice to yell at me while I'm pregnant.
Also, if you are a gamer, or an electronics nerd, don't bother coming to this wal-mart.
Every time I've had to look for a dvd, a video game, a controller, or some sort of electronic/hardware device, they were "sold out" of what I needed.
I'd then have to run down to the Rittenhouse Wal-mart.
If only I could pick both of those Wal-Marts up and move the Rittenhouse Wal-Mart to where this Wal-Mart was, just so it was closer.
Sadly, the Rittenhouse Wal-Mart is 30 minutes away, while this Wal-Mart is 5 minutes away, so when it comes to saving gas, I'm always STUCK going here.
You know what though?
Lately, I've actually wasted that extra gas and time that I don't have, just so I can go to a decent Wal-Mart that I won't have to watch workers getting yelled at as if they were trash.
I haven't been to the Apache Junction Wal-Mart in forever, but I think this is the second best thing that comes close to being considered an Apache Junction Wal-Mart.
DO NOT go to this Wal-Mart.
Spend the extra gas to go to the Rittenhouse one, you won't regret it.
(The prices are some what cheaper, too.

I've recently moved to Queen Creek and I've been coming to this location to do my weekly grocery shopping.
Everytime I come to this store I become more and more disappointed.
For example I am a price compare shopper and more than a few times I've gone the products that are on sale that week are always sold out.
I've tried going in the mornings, night and times where people are more likely to not be there thinking they would be available from night stocking but the shelves are still empty.
Yes I agree with the previous reviewer about always having crates out throughout the day.
It gets annoying trying to zig zag your way out of each aisle.
The people who work here are very rude.
The vibe I get from these people is the vibe I get when you don't like your job and don't care about giving good customer service.
I'm starting to go to the other Wal-Mart off of Rittenhouse and there is a big difference on everything.
It's clean, workers want to help and actually look like they enjoy being there, shelves are always stock even when their on special and the aisles are clear from crates.
Overall if I have to make a drive a few miles extra just to enjoy my shopping I think its worth it.

Terrible customer service.
I went in to the service desk to use their billpay service.
I wanted to pay my electric bill.
I paid the bill on my debit card, and paid walmart extra to have it credited next day.
After 2days my electric was shut off.
I went back to walmart with my recept and they said "next day means 2 or 3 days".
They would not refund my money, and told me they didnt know where the money went that they took, instantly, from my debit card.
I was told "its out there somewhere".
Avoid this store.

Decent location, and super cheap tax rate.
I tend to favor this location over Rittenhouse for big ticket purchases to save on tax, and put the money into Pinal County rather than Maricopa.
Employees seem less than knowledgable in most departments, but come on, its Walmart, if you need that much help shopping there then you have a personal issue LOL.

We shop this Walmart on a regular basis.
Not sure why.
Maybe because they have everything "just in case.
" The only way I can calmly shop here is to use the self check out.
If they didn't have them, I probably wouldn't go there.
All the employees seem impatient except the people in Paint and the ones running self check-out help.
I would rather not bother the cashiers who are already upset.
It's not too crowded of a Walmart like you usually see and is pretty easy to navigate beside the moms who are determined to run you over with the cart.
The prices are actually quite more (and lesser quality food wise) than at Frys where we are going more often.
The pharmacy is just something to almost steer clear of.
Lies after lies after lies, rude workers and only a couple that nicely answer your questions and are helpful.
If you need medications next day, or in a couple, DO NOT GO HERE!
We switched pharmacys after them being our main one and couldn't be happier!
Oh, and if you are going to eat the deli onion rings make sure you have super anti-acids!

I don't need to say walmart lacks customer service, this is known.
Here are a few things to consider before using this walmart:  1.
Oil changes consistantly take 2-3 hours to complete.
They under-quote the timeframe it takes to do everything.
Tire rotations take hours.
If you add an oil change, you need to take the day off work.
Do not ask for infomation on anything.
They do not know.
Check boxes mean nothing on their paperwork.
They often check the box by "mistake"  Wal-mart has three bays to complete oil changes.
They have multiple people on staff to complete this simple task of an oil change.
Commonly there is no more than two cars ahead of me.
Please explain how three hours is an acceptable timeframe to change my oil.
I supplied the oil filter, you didn't even have to find that.
This happens every time I take one of my cars to this location.
An this is why it is not a one time issue   1.
I have four different cars I have serviced here (so it not the car) 2.
I have gone different times of the day and different days of the week (not the timeframe) 3.
I have worked with different technicans (so its not the same bad tech over and over again) 4.
The amount of cars ahead of me seem to make no difference (it can be 1 or 8 it doesn't matter) They seem to "push" to get the car out in three hours.
I get the same "I don't know what is taking so long" story every time I go and they miss the original quote by hours  So do yourself a favor.
Have another company change your oil, pay someone else to change your oil, change your own oil.
ANYBODY is better than this place and a three hour wait.

I don't know why I did, but I went to this Walmart to get one tire off my car to get a new one and they told me it would be a 2 hour wait...then the manager of the auto center walked away from me while he was being rude!
Where is the customer service?
2 hours for one tire...are you kidding me!
Get with the program guys customer service is a must!

I wish I could do less than 1 star, I really do.
This review is relating to the Tire services.
I stupidly took my wife's car there when we had a tire issue and there wasn't a Discount Tire available.
Seven years later, I'm still disgusted with them and upset that I'd kept going back.
This time yesterday was the last straw:  I had a screw sticking out of the side of my wife's tire, obviously causing the separation of the tread and sudden failure of the tire.
There was tread left, but Matt over at Wal Mart (one of the stupidvisors?
) kept telling me that it shouldn't be covered under the "Road Hazard Warranty" which I paid extra for because the tire had gone flat from a screw, not a road hazard.
What..?
They didn't budge and wouldn't even offer a pro-rated reduction of a new tire because of the tire life remaining.
What a joke this place has become.
I took the tire over this morning to DT and revealed it to the technician there, only telling him it was from one of his competitors and not telling him of the bad experience I'd had with MATT over at Wally-World.
I asked him what he would have done with it had it been their tire.
He took a minute to look at it and couldn't miss the nail and screw sticking out of it, and then said, "we'd have replaced it based on the Road Hazard Nature of the damage.
"  I'm done with Wal-Mart's tire services.
Please...learn from my stupidity in ever trusting them to honor a warranty!

Their employees have such bad customer service.
I stop going there.
I drive to target now

THE PHARMACY IS HORRIBLE!!!
I've been there twice in the last week and a half and I don't know why I even try anymore.
I brought a rx to be filled at 6:30 and was told it wouldn't be filled until the next day because they're too backed up.
This happened both times.
The Wal-Mart on Ocotillo can fill them in less than an hour, it's a long drive for me, but worth it.
Even better yet, GO TO WALGREEN'S instead!

PHARMACY ONLY  Took one of my sons to an urgent care for a bronchial infections .
which in turn required three prescriptions .
dropped them off and was told it would take about an hour .
told them I would wait.
After about 45 minutes, I noticed customers who dropped of prescriptions after me were starting to pick up their prescriptions .
so I got in line to see how my sons were coming along .
Was told they would bump it up to the front and should only be a couple of minutes more.
Another 45 minutes .
another 6 count them 6 customers who dropped of new prescriptions pick theirs up .
back to the window .
was told it shouldn't be long .
so back to the bench .
another 30 minutes and a customer drops off his prescription and walks right to the pick-up window and get his prescription .
I am ready to explode.
Back to the pick-up window .
and the pharmacist was just finishing the third prescription .
2 HOURS .
ARE YOU KIDDIG ME .
Will I be back .
well not for at least 6 months .
I have been band for making a scene .
Walgreens here I come.

