It's an IHOP, my expectations aren't set unreasonably high.
The kids always think it's funny to eat breakfast for dinner so we decided to stick with something safe.
Our server was friendly and attentive.
When I asked if my husband and I could exchange our iced teas for something else, it wasn't a problem.
It tasted like it was brewed with dirty dish water.
The only negative experience was the manager that was on duty.
We overheard her speaking to the customers sitting in the booth next to ours about how, "normally we don't do this (some sort of substitution) but because your server said that we would then we will just this one time, but in the future we don't do it for free.
" Good job making the customer feel like the asshole.
All in all it was fine.
Not amazing, just fine.

Went here today, and will never be going back there or any other IHOP again for the rest of my life!
In order, this is what happened:  I went there with my mom and gran and I ordered the grilled chicken salad.
Got my plate and the slad was swimming in water.
I wanted to complian but didn't because my gran was treating.
So I just thought i'd suck it up and eat the watered down salad that Gordon Ramsey would have complained about.
Because we were seated right next to the kitchen, I heard another waitress cursing to Carlos incredibly loud, whom I am guessing was the cook and she comes out looking like she was on a rampage over this guy.
Our waitress gave my mom her cheeseburger and said "oh yeah, they forgot to put the cheese on it do ya want me to take it back or take the cheese off the check?
" My mom just accepted her cheeseless cheeseburger with no condiments..  the waitress never gave that to us either.
Suddenly as I was eating I got something pretty chewy in my mouth, thought it was bacon so I keep chewing... not going down, I spit it out and see it was a huge piece of plastic!
I tell the waitress and all she can say is "ya the cook gets excited sometimes and doesn't pay attention when he is cooking.
"  ...Never coming back

