What fabulous help I received when making such a devastatingly important decision on NEW BOOTS!
What is a girl to do when she loves the purple but not the square toe?
When she adores the red stitching but wishes for a taller profile?
When she thinks Tony Lamas will always have her heart but has had wandering eyes toward the Justins of today?!
Well, the very first thing to do, if in the Scottsdale area, is head to Saba's and ask all the questions you never thought you needed answered about boots.
The associates are all very helpful, patient, and proud of their wares....for good reason!
The prices are fair, the inventory is bountiful, and there is plenty of space to practice your stride.....after all, these boots are made for walkin'!
In case it is of any significance whatsoever, I bought the coral and black Justins with a full-calf height and adorable white stitching throughout - just my size and just my kinda cool!

I am officially the owner of a fabulous pair of cowboy (cowgirl, to be exact) boots thanks to this store.
Located in Old Town Scottsdale, this is one of two Saba's locations only a mere block apart from one another.
Despite the name and merchandise, they could not be more different in service, with this location exuding friendliness and smiles from the get go.
I tried on pair after pair after pair... and the sweet older man helping me was so patient and helpful.
From answering all my questions to giving me some advice on different boots and styles.
I walked out confident and content with the pair I chose.
My wallet however was not as happy but a girl needs a good pair of cowboy boots so it was totally worth it!

This is one time when I am writing a review because I saw a great review of a store and I wanted to say I agree completely with Crystal D.  I rate the two Saba Stores in Scottsdale rate five stars because in addition to the great selection, it has always come with service that I rate as excellent.
I will admit to you that I have not shopped at many other western stores.
Why should I when I've always been much more than satisfied going to Saba's.
Here are a few of my experiences shopping there.
I found out the store had already closed when I went to make my purchase and I didn't know it.
That's a major plus with me,  I always try to be out of an establishment before closing time on principle.
I worked in retail.
It truly surprised me that I had no idea they had already closed from the people in the store.
I can usually tell.
I came to buy a gift for my employer's former boss.
I couldn't tell them much more about him than his age, general interests, and what size he wore.
Their suggestion turned out to be a hit with a genuinely nice man who I know not to be easily pleased.
He and his son wear the same size.
Guess who receives a lot of things from his Dad.
I have stopped by or called on more than a few occasions just to find out who they might recommend for something.
They have never failed to be less than gracious at all times and.
I've never had a problem with a return at Saba's.
That includes when it was a little embarrassing for me as we'd spent a bit of time working on finding some thing.
Any wonder why it is that I just stick with Sabas?

great place to take visitors to The Valley - they feel like it's a real 'cowboy' experience.
when my cousin came in from Texas, we were downtown for dinner at The Mission, and i thought she might be bored by Saba's.
She loved it - bought a jacket and a kerchief of the Arizona state flag; she says it's the second-best state flag in the country, and definitely one of the best western stores she's been in.

They know what they are talking about and very knowledgable and helpful!

Looking for good authentic pair of boots?
This is the place to check out.
Large selection (larger than the Scottsdale & Shea location) of boots, belts, clothing, and hats!
The employee helping me went out of his way, and even got on his his knees and showed me how a boot is supposed to fit.
I get compliments on my boots every time I wear them.
Thanks Saba's, I will be back.

If you're looking for a good pair of cowboy boots, this is your place.
They have every color, style and size you could possibly imagine.
I got my favorite pair of Justin's here.
Great customer service and friendly staff.
Good to go when they're having a sale.
Also, they have the tiniest little cowboy boots for kids and babies, I am definitely going to buy a pair for some of my friend's kids!

Don't believe the rumors.
It's true that you really can find a pair of nice boots for a reasonable price here.
I did just that today!
On the hunt for a new pair of boots, I decided to give Saba's a try although I figured that they would be well out of my price range.
I walked into the shop and was immediately greeted by the fresh smell of leather and fine quality leather at that.
They have boots of every shape and size here, as well as every price!
It's true that you can get booths for several hundred dollars, but you can also find boots for closer to $100 and if you're really lucky, find a pair that's on sale for even less.
When I went today, I was lucky enough to visit during a sale where every pair of boots is 20% off!
Not bad at all!
The boots are high in quality, comfortable and in every style.
The staff knows what they are talking about.
Although this shop is in the heart of touristville, this local is a fan and plans on visiting again and I plan on sending all my friends and family here when they need boots.

Wonderful experience today buying my boots!
Janet helped me and was very knowledgeable, helpful and pleasant.
She tuned into the style I was looking for, but also made several helpful suggestions.
She found the perfect belt to go with the boots.
Then, she walked me across the street to their other store to look for a jacket.
Sadly, they did not have the one I liked in my size.
Highly recommend this shop if you're looking for cowboy boots.

Brilliant service, great stock, both in the western wear store and the nearby boot store.
Very knowledgable staff who can fit you correctly, whether it's boots or a great hat.
As good as it gets.
They don't sell cheap or low-quality goods.

I am leaving AZ soon and was determined not go without getting myself a great pair of cowboy boots.
I heard Saba's was the place to go for service, selection and quality.
I was really excited to check it out but my experience was terrible.
When I first walked in no one greeted me which usually isn't a big deal but there were 3 or so sales people just standing around.
They all just stood there and watched me walk in and take a quick inventory of the place before heading over to the women's section.
One of them then proceeded to follow me around and watch me like I was going to steal something but still never said a word to me.
In the time I was there about 3 or 4 other groups came in.
All were cheerfully greeted and there questions were quickly and thoroughly answered.
They were given a ton of great information on different styles, manufacturers and materials.
All of my questions were answered in as few words as possible with the sales person turning and walking away from me right when they were done speaking, not caring at all that I had other questions for them.
I do have to admit that the selection was amazing.
I found so many great boots that I loved but the service absolutely killed Saba's for me.
I don't know why I was treated so terribly here, I guess I just didn't have the right look for them.
I walked into Saba's determined to make a purchase.
Instead I will now be telling everyone I know not to go there.

