This is a great massage place!
Nice inside and they do a great job.
Eric is a very nice guy.
I highly suggest you try it out!

The pricing is decent.. Place is clean..
The man is a little unprofessional and really rough.
This was my 2nd time back and I was hoping to get someone else.
I probably won't be back because even after I told him he was doing it to hard he still continued to be rough with me.
At the end when he wiped my feet and legs off I thought he was going to rub my skin off.
He seems really young and inexperienced.
I've heard really good things about this place but my advice is don't go to the guy.

This place is awesome!!!
Super clean, relaxing and amazing massage to say the least.
You can have just your feet done or you can get entire body done, and it's great cuz their giant chairs recline all the way back with a face cradle in them for when they do your back.
The outside of the place can be a little offputting because the windows have that reflective mirror tint so I automatically associated it with a seedy liquor store, but this place is far from seedy!!!
For those of you who aren't familiar with this type of establishment, you remain totally clothed the entire time, sit in a recliner with your feet in a warm water wooden bucket with a sanitary plastic insert & they work around you like in a traditional massage.
There are a few pony walls where couples can be massaged in two chairs adjacent or you can use on of about 8 chairs in the open area.
I've been to a few great foot spa's in LA and I am SO glad Vegas finally got on board with these type of legitimate theraputic Asian massage places!!!
I've been to Eric's three times already & I'm totally hooked!
(update as of 11/28/12 I just recently had work done by Heidi and she was amazingly strong, my new favorite!!!

Eric and his staff are the best foot massage located on flamingo and buffalo.
Same parking lot as Hikari sushi.
Clean, peaceful, relaxation.
Great one hour and a half foot and whole body massage for $35!
Such an awesome deal!
I cant wait to get back to Las Vegas this May to go every night while Im there!

Fantastic!
Worth it completely.
Not very busy and very clean and relaxing.

I absolutely love this place!
Close to home is a plus.
Definitely a locals hidden gem.
I have been seeing Haidy and I highly recommend her.
This foot spa is very clean and professional.
I always get the "head to toe" massage and it is well worth the price of $35.00!
Haidy is a very sweet lady.

Highly recommend!
Never been to one of these places.
Eric is a very nice and professional.
Great value 20.00 for hour massage, very peaceful, relaxing and clean.
Treat yourself and support local business!

This place is amazing!
My fiance' and I had just bought a Massage Envy membership and highly regret it because we went to Eric's afterwards and it doesn't compare!
And the plus side is that it's very affordable!
$35/hour for a full body massage can't be beat.
And it's so easy to schedule an appointment.
They're very accommodating and always friendly.
Highly recommend!

Best in vegas，i had been to there for coupons of times，Eric and Hendi know massage， i had try alot of massage all over the world ，but in vegas，i tried for several years，difference places，either demage my body，because they used elbow ，but they didnt know how to use，end up cant walk cant moved your neck，disabled for a week，need to see a doctor and take medicine！call in sick，terrible，i was so afraid to try again.Because of my job，i need to stand whole day，my legs and foot hurted， i really need to find somebody know how to massage，eventually i found it at Yelp.

Eric was the best ever had for $35 massage .
Highly recommend.
Clean place and professional .

I am soo glad that there's such a great place to get a nice massage close to my home.
They offer the traditional $20 one hour massage you see at most places, but they are much friendlier and very good at working out your knots.
You also get a punch card for a 10th free massage.
Frequent massages anyone?
However, I will be trying the $35 shoulders and back massage next visit... because I usually get the worst knots there.
Eric did a fantastic job, and it was exactly what I needed after a two week long work stint.
For the review below that says they are upset with being forced to tip $10.. the entire massage is $30 tip included.
All massage therapy clinics charge at least $60 minimum not including tip for a 45 min massage and that is usually only an introductory special.
So, if you don't want to spend $30 on a quality massage...
I suggest you save your $20 and pay your friend or some random person to massage you because you clearly have no gratitude for the hard work they put forth.
Hence, the word GRATUITY.

Well...
Both myself and my friend are massage therapists..We love to try different places for reflexolgy.
My friend had a certificate she purchased on groupon.
Eric acted like he didn't know what it was at first.
After going over the prices with him.
We decided on 90 min.
for $50.00.
Even though her groupon was for a $58.00 service.
They agreed that she would owe no more for her service.
My friends therapist was Eric.
She liked her service.
Mine however was an older man that smelled bad of BO.
He did not seem to know any real massage moves.
Mostly beat the crap out of me.
In wich 2 days later I can hardley walk.
The reflex part of the massage was ok.
But worked on my left foot twice.
Rt foot only once.???
Very questionable things going on.
Girls walking around in only a towell.
Men also only in a towel.
Half exposing themself.
Walking around.
On our way out.
passed a few naked men.
with towells over them.
VERY QUESTIONALE things going on.
Eric pressed me to leave a good tip.
Then forgot that my friend had given him a groupon coupon.
Said he never heard of groupon.
Didn't know what it was.
Tried to shake her down for more money after she gave him a $20.00 tip.
Drama insued.
Followed us out side still trying to get more money out of us.
Eric's licence number is not on his bussiness card.
Also no Massage license was displayed.
Should be shut down!!
Very Questionable place.
Do not recomend!!

This place is kind of blah.
People were ok.
But what I'm having issue with is their false advertising.
They advertise a $20 per hour foot reflexology....but there is a MANDATORY $10 tip.
That to me is a $30 service.
My understanding as a general rule is tips are based on performance.
I generally am considered a very big tipper....but this to me is a bait and switch.
Not right.

When in Vegas, there are a bunch of options for foot spa/reflexology.
Eric's Foot Spa offers the $20/hr foot spa but also offers $35 full body massage.
I went with the full body massage and I was very pleased with the results.
I called and spoke with Eric himself and he took me in 30 minutes later.
60 minutes later, I felt refreshed and relaxed.
The establishment is clean and relaxing and although much of the massage is done in a reclined seated position, the back massage portion (10-15 mins) is done in the prone position in which the chair reclines horizontally and you lay on your stomach.
All in all, my friend who recommended this place to me was right.
Great service for a great value!
I highly recommend Eric!

