When an individual adds the word 'Master' to their title, I envision someone who has trained in an isolated mountain compound for decades, mastering techniques long lost to the masses.
The Art of Shaving is no exception.
I was wandering through the hell that is Scottsdale Fashion during the holiday season when I saw a new shop, The Art of Shaving.
In need of a haircut I walked in.
The front of the house is a retail shop with a vast selection of razors and shaving accessories.
Be warned, nothing in this shop would be considered a bargain.
After a short conversation I found that the Master Barber was free for a walk in client.
I was led to the back of the shop and...   ...Was promptly transported into old-timey barber heaven.
Imagine your ideal barber shop from a bygone era and that's what you get.
The Master Barber was friendly and skilled.
He took his time to shave my head and I will freely admit he did a better job than anyone ever has.
Next, the straight razor shave.
What an experience.
The hot towel, the pre-shave oil face rub, all of it.
I challenge anyone to find a more relaxing situation involving a razor at your neck.
The barber had a deft hand and worked with skill born of years of practice.
The whole affair took over an hour and I walked out feeling like a new man.
Never again, I thought, would I be able to go to the corner shop for a haircut.
Then I got the bill.
Ah, I thought, the corner barbershop is for me.
The shop is amazing, the Master Barbers are truly skilled and the experience is great.
The price, however, makes this a special occasion type thing rather than a weekly occurrence.
If you want to treat yourself to the manly version of a day at the spa go to the Art of Shaving.
If you want a haircut go elsewhere and save a big chunk o' cash.

One of the perks to being an only child, is "me" time.
There is something special about having time to yourself, when the only obligation you have is to check in on Yelp, leave a quick tip, and grab a lemonade from the mall because it is 109 degrees outside.
Yesterday was that day.
I had stumbled across The Art of Shaving.
I've been in their stores in other cities before.
Of course I have...because if you look at any of my pictures, you will realize a couple things: 1.
I'm vain.
I'm hairless.
As soon as you step foot into this store, you are in a true gentleman's club.
Not the kind that will take all your dollar bills.
You won't make it rain here.
This is the ultimate shaving store.
Soaps, creams, blades, razors, balms, brushes, and mugs.
You name it, they have it.
The staff knows what they are talking about.
I explained to them that I have a very old safety razor and a brush.
Both were passed down by my Grandfather who passed away when I was a teenager.
They didn't pressure me into buying ANYTHING, although I did end up leaving with some shaving cream.
They even gave me a proper demo on how to use it properly with my brush.
I've been used to shaving soaps and the usual aerosol creams....so the little tutorial was nice.
Also, there is a master barber in the back of the house that does straight razor shaves, haircuts, and men's facials.
Remember earlier when I said that "me" time is a perk?
This is the best place to spend it if you are a dude.
If you are a woman, buy your man, or your man-friend a gift from here.
This place is simply amazing.
One last warning.
The store is pricey.
but worth every single penny.

Being wasteful has never been so rewarding.
Had I not been wasting time at the mall before a show just down the road, I may have never decided to check this place out.
Today, I was introduced to shaving oil - not cream, oil.
Use this oil pre-shave and you'll be spared from those annoying red spots, ingrown hairs, bumps, and cuts.
No more blotting patches of toilet paper on your neck before your day at the office.
For all you electric shavers out there, they've got you covered too with a separate line of products.
Ten minutes in this store has turned me into a believer.
Now I want to have the entire line of oil, lotions, and after shaves available from The Art of Shaving.
The salesman was polite and answered most of my questions about their products.
I sure am glad I decided to let him demonstrate their product, I doubt I would even have considered trying them out otherwise.
Unprepared to spend the $25 per product at the time, he handed me a few samples to try out after I got home.
I do have to say that after giving them a go for myself, I'm definitely hooked.
Now I'm saving all my nickels and dimes until I can scrape enough of them together to get the complete shaving set which includes the pre-shave oil, the shaving cream, the after shave lotion, and a new shaving brush.
If you've not tried them before, swing by, get yourself a demonstration, ask for a sample pack, try it out for yourself and you'll be hooked like I am.
Happy Yelping Phoenix - It's time to look like a well groomed man!

Came in looking for beard oil since I am keeping my beard past no shave November.
Asked rep for beard oil, said they did not have oil but a gel and shampoo and conditioner.
I asked if it was specifically for beards.
She said yes.
And tried to bundle and sell all three to me.
I provided an objection and left.
Went to aos website this was normal shampoo conditioner and hair gel that one would use normally.
It is one thing to educate a customer, but the intent was just to make a sale of a 45 dollar bundle.
Not trustworthy sales reps who care about really assisting customers.
Beware and go to the website to research before you just hand over the cash for your purchase

I've searched for a great place to get my hair cut in my neighborhood and I finally found it.
The barbershop at The Art of Shaving at Fashion Square is fantastic.
Eric, the only barber in the place as far as I know is a pro, knows his trade and is damned good at it.
I don't get to go as much as I would like, but each time I do get to go, I leave with a great haircut.
The staff working the store is always friendly as well.
I recommend this place highly!

You just don't see this level of customer service much anymore.
Jimmy the store manager accidently charged me full price for something he previously offered me a discount for.
He chased me down in the mall to make it right.
His integrity has made me a customer for life.

