Went here for lunch today with a colleague, and I have to say this was the sweetest lunch break!
This old house is charming!
If you love sandwiches made from the most amazing biscuits-made on the property by the owner, desserts that are decadent, tea that soothes the soul, this place is for you!
Their 'high tea' is worth looking into, which I do plan to experience when the weather cools.
Every bite was delicious, and I felt so relaxed and refreshed, and a little sad to leave this treasure today, but look forward to the return!

I was here with a friend today.
The food was excellent and the service was outstanding.
I highly recommend this place!!!!!!
The only negative is that they don't seem to offer finger sandwiches.

Beautiful place, and a super sweet family that runs it..
The food is great, and you can't beat the service you'll receive.
My Mom goes here faithfully, and they now know her by name.
I can tell you the Strawberry and Chicken salad is the best I've ever had!
The food is reasonably priced, and the portions are decent.
It's fun to be able to support small local buisnesses, and that's what downtown Glendale is filled with.
I live in San Diego now, but I know I'll be visiting the Spicery next time I'm in town.

I really enjoyed eating lunch here.
The quiche was so good, I wish I lived closer for more.
The rolls were fresh from the oven and served with butter.
So yummy!
My friend had the chicken over rice which looked good as well.
Really cute place and both owners came to check on us.
The only thing I wish is the rolls were served with butter and jam.
I will come back next time for sure when I am in AZ!

As a true lover of all things tea, I have a strong desire to try any tea place in town.
I frequent English Rose Tearoom quite often and feel it is the best around, but I am always willing to try something new and have been wanted to go to The Spicery for awhile.
So, the Hubs and I ventured all the way to Downtown Glendale for a new tea experience.
We called ahead for reservations and my Husband even requested scones, since they aren't on their menu everyday.
Upon our arrival, we were greeted warmly and seated promptly by the window (a nice spot).
The place was packed, which I was pleasantly surprised about.
The scones/shortbread we were presented with were warm and served with cream and lemon curd.
All of it was very tasty and clearly homemade and fresh.
We ordered a pot of tea and I had the chicken salad sandwich and the Hubs had quiche.
I felt the chicken salad was just ok, as was the tea.
We had the Queen Victoria and after awhile I felt it became really bitter.
Also, they didn't have sugar cubes, only the packets, which was a bit odd to me.
The Hubs enjoyed his quiche.
All in all, this was a nice experience.
I loved the old house and the fact that everything was homemade.
This restaurant is a bit far for us, and there wasn't a huge tea selection, which is my favorite part of the experience typically.
If I am in the area, I would definitely consider popping for in for a nice homemade lunch in the future.

Just took my mom and her friend for afternoon tea, it was delightful!
Food and service were excellent, I will definitely go back!

I came with a group for lunch.
It's a nice place to take a date; it's beautiful in an old house in historic downtown Glendale.
The food was ok, took a while to come out and was a bit overpriced for the portions.
I was still hungry after I ate, but it was a nice atmosphere.

The Spicery, a quaint home steeped in beauty and history.
I've been a resident of Arizona since 1977, and watched this adorable home transition over the decades, frequenting it as a customer over the last two.
First off, I called weeks in advance to get a seating for four on Mother's Day.
I was told that The Spicery was closed on Sundays, and just because it's Mother's Day...they weren't going to be open.
So I make a reservation for Monday, May 13th for a tea for four.
When we arrived for our 1:00 PM seating, we were told that we did not make the correct reservation, that because we did not give notice for a "HIGH" tea, that we were stuck with the normal lunch menu.
I had made it very clear that we wanted a "tea" for four.
Second disappointment.
Then when we went to order, everything we wanted was not available.
The restarant had been opened only two and a half hours since being closed the previous day, and they had "no soup" and "no potato salad".
When asked what type of teas were available, I was told there was ice tea and lemonade.
Our waitress, dressed in a too small tank top and yoga pants had no knowledge of the menu.
Sweet girl but I can only assume she was very new.
I ordered the broccoli and cheddar quiche, which was less than an inch thick, and had ONE floret of almost brown, shriveled broccoli.
The flat, flavorless quiche was filled with lots of chopped celery and onions.
Almost NO broccoli and very little cheddar.
I believe that was a store-bought crust.
It truly tasted like it.
For dessert, I ordered a creme puff, which was black around the edges.
This delicate pastry had been burned.
The egg-laden custard however was delicious.
This once quaint, exceptional tea house that had us drooling over their delicate finger sandwiches, delectable desserts and teas with notes of spices and fruits...was a massive let down.
There were so many disappointments that there was no way to save the experience for four women scraping the egg custard from a burnt cream puff.
We would have had a better experience going to a chain like IHOP or Denny's.

LOVED LOVED LOVED this place!!!!!
The people are extremely friendly, the decor is beautiful in each tearoom and the tea, food and desserts are delicious!!!
I don't have anything bad to say about this place except you have to go and try it!!!

My absolute favorite tea house.
My family and I have been going for years and used to have our birthday tea parties there.
Between the changing of various owners and when it was forced to close for a couple of years, it's back to the best restaurant for lunch.
3 words:  Homemade fresh rolls.
Delicious, great service, and a great owner that has brought it back to my favorite place to have lunch.

My family and I love this small, quaint, historical eating establishment.
I love the food and it is so reasonable price wise.
The service is outstanding.

Quaint and cute.
But the service and attitude of the owner is far from that.
Its clear that the owner of this restaurant has never worked for any hospitality based business that has the customer in mind.
If you've been to The Ritz Carlton...this is the opposite.
If you can slide in without much interaction with the hostess and have all the time in the world for an afternoon with your lady friends...then I'm sure you'll enjoy it.

Went to The Spicery for tea and the food was amazing.
Everything was freshly made  and they have a great tea selection.
The ambiance was very laid back and relaxing.
The servers were very efficient and friendly.
Can't wait to go back.

Enjoyed a nice tea party as a babyshower.
The fingerfoods provided were yummy!
The dessert was very tasty and plenty that a babyshower cake was not necessary.
Wonderful set up and sweet waitress.
We had a little mishap with the check out, but was resolved nicely.
However, if you book a party be sure to get the quote in writing before committing to the date.
That is why there was confusion with the cost when the party ended.
I have been coming here since I was very young.
I adore this establishment and the delicious food.

