Not really much to say other than the convenience of a Wendy's in the airport which is nice if you are in the mood for a burger and a Frosty.
The only problem was airport prices!
The cheapest combo if I remember correctly was $8.
I got a chicken sandwich combo and a small frosty and my bill was $13.
Really sad!
I just don't understand the need to gouge the consumer for convenience.

Just what you would expect from an airport fast food establishment.
Mediocre/bad service, horrendously expensive prices ($3.00 for a burrito smaller than a small cell phone, or $2.62 for a small soda?
) The food was alright, maybe it tasted better, I tried to savor each of the three bites that burrito took to consume, realizing each bite was $1.00.

Very slow

This review is for the Wendy's inside MCCarran Airport in Las Vegas.
For some strange reason, this Wendy's location was freaking amazing when we were there.
I'm pretty certain it's the best Wendy's I've ever had.
I had a Pretzel Bacon Burger, and my wife had some sort of breakfast flatbread sandwich.
Everything tasted remarkably fresh, and the bacon was perfectly crispy.
This was a very surprising experience.
Honestly, the food quality was more like a sit-down restaurant than a fast food joint.
Generally, I do like Wendy's well enough.
But this was far beyond other experiences I've had with the chain, so much so that I felt compelled to give them an Internet thumbs-up.
I don't know if this location is always this good, but wow...unexpectedly exceptional, especially for an airport restaurant.
I did notice there are a few reviews on this airport Wendy's from 2011 that are fairly poor.
I wonder if management is different there now?
I'm not sure what's changed, but the place was pure greatness when we were there (August 2013).

Standard Wendy's fast food.
Nothing more nothing less.
Visit was brief and uneventful.

It was pretty average 3 stars seems about right for me.
The spicy chicken sandwich barely tasted different than a regular one would.
The fries were very splendid however the ranch that you dipped in seemed old

Congratulations, Wendy's, your track record is 100% - every time I order NO tomatoes, you put EXTRA.
Must be something in your training, as it's universal.
Page 236 of the employee handbook, "When a customer orders no tomatoes, you can assume they are delusional.
They surely meant double tomatoes.
Give them extra and they will see the error of their ways.
After all, we know what's best for them.
They will thank you for it, like Obamacare or the TSA.
"  They get three stars because the food quality was actually quite good (once I got my revised version).
They were also very quick.
They would have gotten 4 stars if the lady behind the counter hadn't rolled her eyes, as if to say, "This PITA actually wants her order correct?
As if!
"  Also, since they screwed up, they should have offered a free drink, French fry, or at least an extra napkin.
Even a sorry would have been nice.

