Not much here.
From what I understand, this is a second location of a Madison institution that just opened.
It's a Co-op, if you are a member, you can save some money, if you just wander in like me, because you are bored, you end up paying more.
Oh well.
I went here on the same morning I went to Metcalfe's.
I like this place better than Metcalfe's.
In fact, if I lived here, I would prefer to shop here, the products are more appealing, they are focusing on Madison items, and if you shopped at Whole Foods, Trader Joe's and then the Co-op, who needs Metcalfe's?
They better keep that free paper going or there is no reason for them.
Anyway, the Co-op sold bread from the Madison SourDough Company.
They sold Sprech...(??
) some kind of local root beer.
They had fresh pasta, they sold Bell and Evans chicken and turkeys.
They had some fresh bagels, their cheese selection appeared to be well stocked.
Apparently, everything in Madison has to be done in duplicate.
If the east side or downtown has one, there has to be one on the west side.
I still haven't figured out why, since it takes you five minutes, maybe ten in traffic to drive from one end of Madison to the other, but in keeping the tradition alive and well, the Will Street Co-op has obliged and opened its west location.
Enjoy it.

Has a good selection of vegetarian options.
The best part of the store is the deli.
The rest I found overpriced.
I joined and am happy I did.
I am used to the CO-OP's in Vermont and for some reason this location didn't match up to Vermont CO-OP's.
Also, prices on many things are pretty high which surprised me.
I don't mind spending extra money for good quality of food but I purchased a whole chicken for $12.00-yes I know it is organic and cage free and all but I can get one at another market for like $5.00.
Also, I spend 7.00 on orange juice which I regretted after leaving the store.
I am glad it is nearby though and the staff is very nice and knowledgeable.
A great place to pick up lunch or dindin from the salad bar.
Also, they have a great selection of granola/rice and pasta.

Not sure why others aren't feelin' or sharin' the love for Willy Street Co-op West... the place seems just about "perfect" to me.
It's brighter and more "clean" feeling than the original location, the parking is vastly better, and the deli (especially the salad bar and fresh, made-on-site sushi) is spectacular.
You may not be able to select from 39 different types of soy-based yogurts like they might have over on the East side, but that's ok by me.
This store seems to have done a great job of managing the "selection-to-space" ratio - there are always a few options for every category without being sparse or overly complex.
Prices for some items are higher than you'd find in the Woodman's organics section, and are slightly higher than most Trader Joe's prices, but, it's locally owned, and I've never been dissatisfied with a purchase.
Become a member, and you'll enjoy published and unpublished discounts; well worth the $10/year fee.
I usually buy my: eggs, goat yogurt, Tera's Whey protein, Shikai products, organic black beans (dry), and coffee (Just Coffee - awesome stuff) here.
I also visit a few times a week for lunch - that salad bar is simply superb.
Employees are friendly and helpful to boot.

When you don't need or want atmosphere and you are lookin' for great food, buffet style, inexpensive, with lots of vegetarian choices, you gotta try this place.
Its a grocery store, so there's no ambiance, but the food is excellent, lots to choose from, great for lunch or dinner, and the staff is very nice and helpful.
You can fill your plate and then some, usually for less than $10, and there's no tipping.
What a deal!
You can carry out or eat it there.
Why cook when you can eat the best ready-made food for less than $10?
And the deserts are outstanding as well.
Bon appetit!

Breakfast anyone?
Wow!
Went to Willy West this morning after dropping my daughter off at the High School and whoa!
Buffet breakfast.
Loaded my plate with Denver scramble, fresh organic bacon, oatmeal, and hash browns, all for $5.73.
Where can you get a breakfast like that for $5?
Awesome.
You gotta check it out.

NOT IMPRESSED!
So we frequent east side willy all the time, and have been to the west side location only a few times and the last time we went was the worst.
Couldn't find anything we wanted, the Barista was not very knowledgeable about how to make coffees....and the coffee was very watered out.
The whole place seems over priced and like it trying to compete with WF's down the road, why change Willy Street.
People like Willy because it doesn't feel like WF's

Its not as big as the Willy Street location but my wife and I get most all of our produce here and a lot of other stuff as well.
It is a bit more pricey then a regular grocery store if that's what you're looking for the the products all run to fair trade, organic and where possible local.
Excellent selection for its size.
Very glad they've opened this location as getting to the Willy Street location regularly from the far west side can be a hassle.
Also should give kudos to the workers for their helpful and friendliness.

This is an excellent store.
I frequent both locations and do 90% + of our grocery shopping at Willy St. Coop.
It's an excellent feeling buying your food from people who truly care about food and your well being.
In my experience the prices are very reasonable, but it can be difficult to compare to traditional supermarkets where the products just don't stack up.
If you compare prices on the same products I think you'll find that the Coop is the same or in many cases less expensive.
Produce, Bulk isle, and the deli are my favorite departments.
The wine and beer selection is pretty nice too... good value wines.

Finally, there is a grocery store with good bakery section.
The European desserts are awesome, made absolutely in right way and as they are suppose to be made(not sweet).
The Paris Brest is amazing, great job guys.
Sushi with brown rice are great also.

Great selection of local produce.
Always a good thing to look for.
Decent prices.
I'm a member and it's only $15/year (I signed up about a year ago so they might've raised the prices) but definitely worth it for the quality and consistency!
Been trying to go more natural in general and this is a great place to start.

When I am looking for a specific locally grown, sustainable, or specialty item, I go here.
Though they don't have quite as wide of a variety as other grocery stores in the area, and they are higher priced, they make up for that with quality and unique items.
The other thing that I love is that they are more than just a grocery store.
Though I've never had it, the hot bar always looks delicious, the baked goods are delicious (I've had those ;) ) and the smoothie bar is amazing.
It is very hard for me to drive by there on a warm summer day and not stop for a smoothie.

A really nice grocery store that sources some local stuff and has just about everything you can want/need.
If you are a coffee snob, like me, this place has you covered with loads of different local roasters.
Their hot bar is ok and their butcher/sea food counter is very nice.
This is one of my regular stops and am grateful I live close by.
It is good.

Knocking my former most-favorite grocery store down a few notches, primarily because of recent changes to their salad bar.
I hit their salad bar several times per week, either with colleagues or on my own.
I've noticed a steady decline in the quality of the salad bar, and it's disappointing.
Most egregious is the transition to processed chicken...
They used to offer what appeared to be pulled/diced rotissere chicken.
But they've since switched to pressed/processed chicken "loaf" that's cut into cubes.
It tastes fake, it smells odd, and it will probably keep me from revisiting here for lunch.
I've also noticed that things like the cucumber slices are often frozen in spots.
Ick.
Today, the tomatoes taste fishy - I'm not sure that's such a good thing...   And, they're quite often out of things during the lunch hour.
I understand it gets busy, but can't you dedicate a person to making sure the bar is stocked?
Why, Willy?
Why?

I recently used Willy St.
Co-op West to cater my parent's 40th anniversary party.
We were having a gathering of people at APT and wanted hot food to serve to a large quantity of people.
Willy St. was on the way there so we figured it was worth a try!
The catering manager was extremely helpful and polite on the phone.
Any questions I had he was able to answer or get back to me with the answer.
We ordered the chicken with peppers and olives and the cheese tortellini.
They were both delicious, and all of the guests were very impressed with the quality of the catered food.
Highly recommend it if you need an event catered, or for taking to APT!

I love this place!
They seriously have a  special place in my heart.
When I lived in Middleton there was actually a 3 month period when I ate at least one meal there!
They have such a great hot bar and the service is always outstanding.
I don't shop at Whole Foods but I can't imagine what WF would have on this place.

Hello, I think I'm in love!
This co-op is by far the best I have been to.
The selection of food is great!
I was blown away by the amount of vegan selections available, from the bakery to the deli.
Having a vegan grilled cheese on a dairy free grill made my day.
The staff is so friendly and helpful.
I wish the co-op in Tucson was like this one.

My review is of the hot bar and cook-to-order food at the Co-op rather than the grocery store which is more of a niche market than I need.
The hot bar is real food, made by real people with real ingredients.
My meals are never over $10 but I only serve myself a moderate amount on one plate.
I'm not a dietician but I do find I can always find a hot, square meal.
Highly recommended.

My life is but countless "somedays.
" One someday is that I'll take control of what goes into my body.
This should be easy, as long as you're not in prison, but it's not.
Every time I go to Willy, it shows me that this someday is indeed possible.
Not prison, but clean eating.
Fresh, quality produce not treated with radioactive materials?
Got it.
Someday I'll make all my meals with it.
Meat and dairy not pumped like an old whore with antibiotics?
Got it.
Someday, I'll grill and roast and sauté and barbecue only the good stuff.
Dry goods, not processed with unpronounceable compounds?
Someday... you get it.
I must also mention the fine selection of beers (HeIneken?
F--- that s--t. Pabst.
Blue.
Ribbon!
), wines, friendly staff, great soup, salads, hot buffet, quick checkout lines, cooking/nutrition classes....
Yes, someday.
Someday I'll find the fountain of youth, and the fountain of youth will be that I did all my shopping here.

This is a nice co-op and has a large selection.
Fresh veggies when you first walk in and the store flows.
The service was average in a good way and I will be back here to buy my fruits and veggies.

Let's get one thing straight.
I love Willy Street Co-op East like a child.
A child who is older than me, feeds me, gives me good locally grown and produced products and has friendly and helpful people who work in them...
Okay, this analogy is admittedly not so good.
Moving on.
Positive commentary about the original Co-op aside, going to West is a whole other level of co-opy awesome.
They've got a huuuuuge selection of produce (lots more exotic, gorgeous, fresh stuff than at East).
They've got more cool vegan stuff (curry lentil hummus wiggity what?
) and more fermented drinks ('cuz I know you all sprint out for kombucha and kvass on the daily).
They have some really nice, big freezer space and lots of samples!
I went there to get lunch and basically filled up on samples alone.
I mean I took just one or two, because I'm not a little kid or anything....
The hot bar area is enormous and they have loads of pre-packaged grab-and-go stuff.
Oh... and did I mention...  BOOOOOZE.
Beer and wine!
Lots of good stuff.
A+ in my book!

A bunch of hippie organic shit.
I would recommend 0 people to go shop here.
Please avoid

Nearly everything about this place is perfect - I love the high quality of the produce, the uniqueness of their health & beauty area, THE BULK BINS, the constant introduction of new items and willingness to order former ones...
I could go on all day.
They are out of my budget for full grocery shopping, but a fun regular stop for special treats and items I can't buy (vegan choc chip cookies) or won't buy (cilantro, green onions) at Woodmans (srsly woodman's cilantro is practically composted, gross).
However, and what I'm docking a star for, is the inconsistent level of service from the staff.
Some people are terrific and so willing to stop and see if you need help, or are just generally pleasant - especially the folks working the front desk, bulk, deli/juice bar areas.
Others - almost always cashiers - seem so bothered to be there!
Sorry I'm buying stuff, sorry I said Hi and asked how your day was going, sorry I said sure I'll CHIP and yes I'd like a receipt, sorry I forgot and left the unused fork and napkin on top of my box of hot food when I put it on the belt and you had to ask me to remove it.
SORRY, ok???
Stop glaring at me, stop wrinkling your nose at what I'm buying, stop rolling your eyes when everything doesn't fit into my cloth bag and I have to ask for a paper one.
I still love the stores, I will continue to shop there forever, but I do hope that they'll either hire friendlier cashiers or add in some self-check lanes.

