Been driving past 2010 Fusion Restaurant almost on a daily basis since the 2010 World Cup, and a couple of time I have seriously thought about stopping by to try one of their lunch specials or the AYCE Bibimbap.
But until today, I have decided last minute to drop in on one of the other AYCE Korean BBQ joints on Spring Mtn instead.
Today is not like any other day.
I had my dental appointment (saw Misti and Bobby's car in the parking lot too), did my Pilates (which really made me hungry and feeling healthy), dropped by my optometrist's office to setup my next appointment, and decided to walk to the next plaza to give 2010 a try.
The place was empty by the time I arrived (2pm on a Wednesday).
And the interior was brightly lit, which was totally not what I thought the inside would look like.
I was greeted by a friendly Korean lady (not the owner, the owner works during the dinner shift starting at 5pm), who walked me over to the AYCE Bibimbap Bar after I decided I was going to give that a try.
The selection was comprehensive (16 vegetables and 1 bulgogi).
As Misti have stated in her review, you grab a reallllllly big bowl, fill it with as much or little rice as you want, top it off with the vegetables and beef that you want, and by the time you get back to your table the fried egg should be ready to top off your BBB creation.
When I was there, the choice of soup was seaweed soup (has a slight spicy kick to it) or miso soup.
I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here and will drop by to try other items on their menu on my days off.
And the most important thing for BBB lovers, is that this is the only AYCE Bibimbap option in all of Las Vegas.
And for just $9.70 (including tax) no less.
At night, I believe this to be a Korean bar hangout as their combo specials involve adult beverages like Korean Souju with other Korean foods.
At least that was my understanding, when I asked about the posted specials written in Korean.
Décor - 3.5/5  Value - 3.5-4/5  Food - 4/5  (based on the BBB)  Location - 5/5 (not too far from the Strip and pretty much in the middle of the stretch of Spring Mountain Rd that have the collection of Asian restaurants).
Parking - Usually is not a problem  Overall - rounding up to a 4/5 Yelp stars.

This place is potentially a 5-star for me but I will have to go back a few more times to know for sure.
The workers are so friendly and welcoming, it felt like I was back in K-town in NYC for a minute :).
I asked our waitress a few questions about the menu, and then I saw that they have jjambbong (my absolute favorite).
She explained to me that it's different here (not our traditional jjambbong, but similar.. and with udon noodles!).
Of course I was intrigued.
I ordered it my usual style (as spicy as possible with extra noodles).
When it came out, it looked and smelled incredible but I knew right away that it will not be anything like jjambbong.
There were lot of crabs in it, which you never really find in a traditional bowl of jjambbong but I was more than happy to see them!
They were fantastic!
There wasn't enough noodles for sure... because I asked for extra noodles, and it did not come even close to cutting the cake.
I can't imagine what the bowl is like without the extra noodles..... probably just soup?
Anyhow, this dish is a great choice if you like spicy seafood.
I will definitely be ordering it again!
I want to return to this place to try other food items but I know it will be hard not to order the same dish I tried :).

2010 Fusion Restaurant has closed, and in its place currently is Cafe de Japon.
Good bye AYCE Bibimbap!

