There are few places where you can dump this much stuff in one vessel and not be in danger of messing up the taste.
Basically it's just this place and the Chinese buffet.
I put a collection of things in my cup that, by all rights, should have been questionable... but it was soooo good.
I was like a kid in a candy store.
This is the kind of thing I would have begged my parents to take me to for years.
And they would never take me.
Now I'm an adult and I can go all I want... muahahahahaha!
Really, really friendly staff.
Really, really clean joint.

Love yollipop's atmosphere and amazing level of cleanliness.
Flavors are great, large variety of topings.
Love that they give out freebies on Fathers/Mothers' day and participate in community programs.
My daugther is in the DV Guard and if you give them a code they will donate part of the proceeds to the Guard.
The owner is incredibly friendly, and I have gotten some coupons in the mail as well (BOGO).
However, I don't think I would spend the cash for my whole family to go without a coupon or special event freebie...it is a little higher priced than some yogurt shops.

Great place for froyo.
We have about 4 within a few miles of us and this place is top of the list.
Great flavor options.
Fantastic toppings offering.
Priced same as most froyo places.
Friendly atmosphere.
When you give your phone number they keep track of your purchases and you get 10% of what your purchased that day off of the next time you go in!!!
They are paying you to come in again.
I love that.

yum!
All yogurt places are good, loved the smoothie I made today; super cute interior, very friendly staff :)

Yogurt: 3 Boba: 1 Service: Questionable?
During my first visit, I tried the boba at the yogurt shop (which really wasn't the best idea, I suppose).
When having boba, texture is key and this one really missed the boat.
The boba was tough and quite frankly, I could not finish my cup.
The drink was also lacking in flavor and did not taste very authentic to me, and trust me, I've had my fair share of boba milk tea.
The service was a bit odd as well.
Usually when I think froyo, I think of arelaxed, laid-back, enjoyable pace.
However, the guy behind the counter was more of a car salesman than anything.
Or maybe an auctioneer or the KABOOM commercial guy would be a better comparison.
While his energy was well intentioned, I had a hard time enjoying my dessert in peace.
Really, the yogurt was the shops saving grace.
A bit on the sweet side, this shop offers a LOT of flavors.
I personally judge on the taste of "original tart" as it is the most basic froyo flavor, and this shop passes.
The interior is also rather cute, but seating is fairly limited.
Try not to go after a large high school event in the neighborhood, or else you might end up standing outside, eating yogurt.

I love Yollipop!
There are several frozen yogurt places in this area and Yollipop is by far the best!
They have amazing, unique flavors like cotton candy (which actually tastes like the best cotton candy you have ever had), caramel macchiato, coconut, etc.
They also have a ton of toppings from fruit to syrups to candy.
You name it, they have it.
The people who work there are super friendly and instead of an easy to lose punch card, they have a system where they keep track of your purchases by using your phone number (no they don't text you or sell it or anything) and you get 10% of what your purchased off your purchase that day, or you can save it and accumulate it towards future purchases!
Very cleaver and easy way to reward their customers!
All in all, best frozen yogurt place ever.

On the menu: Cupcakes.
Never in stock?
Cupcakes.
The yogurt is sub-par at best.
But I keep going back because they advertise at having cupcakes.
And frozen drinks.
At 60 toppings.
The toppings they must rotate, because there is no way they have 60.
And where do they make frozen drinks?
Behind the wall somewhere?
I don't think I'd like to have a frozen drink made somewhere I can't see it.
So today I decide to call ahead and find out if they have cupcakes on the menu.
First I was routed into a general voicemail box a few times.
Then I got a hold of a live person, but not at the location I wanted.
When I asked HIM about the cupcakes he said "We actually don't have any cupcake inventory today" (who says that???).
I explained that I had bought a Groupon specifically due to the fact that they advertised having cupcakes and my daughters love cupcakes.
And now I've been in several times and NO cupcakes.
Ever.
They act like it's a totally random thing.. like "oh gee, we're out of them today!"..
Really?
Every time?
So when I explained to this guy that this was the case and asked him WHEN they have them (so maybe I could try planning ahead next time) and he hung up on me.
Nice service.
Not.
So.. Yeah, don't think I'll be going back and I won't be surprised AT ALL when they are closed in just a few months.

I went here on Mother's day because I received a text for a free frozen yogurt.
It felt dirty in there.
They had very few toppings and their selection of yogurts was ok.
I honestly would not go back!

My favorite froyo spot that I had gone to while in AZ.
Great selection of non-fat flavors with an okay selection of toppings.
The original flavor is slightly tarty with a hint of sweetness.

We regularly stop on here on Fridays after school for a treat.
I get a tiny dab of tart covered in berries and mango's while my sweet pea gets a bit of nearly every flavor and tops it with cereal, candies and whatever else he can find.
Nice and clean and a good variety.

This place is awesome!
The yogurt is always good!
The cupcakes are yummy, service is friendly and the decor is trendy!

The best yogurt shop I've been to!
Why?
Yogurt is fantastic,...fresh, no weird chemical taste like at some other shops,....made daily with fresh, natural ingredients.
The owner, Duc (pronounced Duke) and his wife are awesome, friendly, genuine people.
Great, bright, positive, clean, happy atmosphere.
A neighborhood favorite!

I feel like a kid in a candy store!
The decor is really attractive and everything is clean.

Beware!
My credit card number was stolen at this shop and used all night.
Owner claims the machine was broken but credit card company shows that number was manually entered.
This is now a police case of credit card fraud.

This is a pretty straight-forward joint.
Walk in, self-serve from a dozen different flavors of frozen yogurt and a couple dozen toppings, from Nerds candy to chocolate to fruit, pay by the weight of your food, and either have a seat at their bar, outside seating, or take it with you.
I give it four stars because the staff was very helpful, and the flavor of the frozen yogurt was actually pretty good.
This is probably a good place to bring the kids, but I wouldn't recommend it as a stop on your date night.

No yogurt options (most out of 10+ options weren't available) and the toppings were limited at best or stuck together and then they didn't even have a chocolate syrup topping.
Only good thing was that the cotton candy flavor was very delish.

