Your typical Statbucks experience just a lil pricier cause it' the airport (:

Yup, I'm gonna review a Starbucks in an airport....
I think I always grab a coffee here, with each flight.
The staff is friendly.
As MarNae B said, it's a "lil pricier".
A tall cup of drip coffee is $2.07 with tax.
You can use your Starbucks cards here, but you can't reload.

It's Starbucks.
At the airport.
What you see.
Is what you get.
For about $1 more.
Consider it.
Airport tax.

Probably the worst bagel I've ever eaten... granted, I should know better for ordering a bagel at an airport Starbucks, however I was starving, I was super late to my gate, and it was right in front of it.
I'll wait for peanuts next time.

Pike's Place was the only thing on brew.
They would not consider making something else and instead suggested a "specialty coffee.
"   I explained to them that I desired neither the flavor, calories, or price of a "specialty" coffee - all I wanted was a coffee that didn't suck.
They could not provide a coffee that didn't suck and they had the audacity to act like this was somehow logical.

This is a quiet Starbuck's in an airport!
Wow....didn't think this could exist?
Well now that I blab about it on Yelp!, it may become slightly busier.
It's situated in an odd location at the end of a usually broken moving sidewalk connecting the C and D concourses within Terminal 4.
(Southwest).
I really like a Starbuck's with no line and will be back!

Service isn't so great but the coffee is always good

A bit slow for an airport setting and the staff were blaming each other for an order gone wrong for the customer in front of me...tacky.

good o'l reliable starbucks...would be nice if the regular coffee was just as strong as the ones in the stores.
but good enough.
free refills too!!!
so don't forget to ask.
nice employees.

Great help!

Always good, wait times unpredictable.
Great ice coffee!

Cashier busy doing their side work, when customer ready to check out n being reminded by other co-worker.
Customer service please... Is this Starbucks?

I was here in the early morning coming from a flight from San Antonio for a connecting flight to Long Beach Ca.
and I needed a soothing frappe, plus a mild jolt after those dosing naps.
Well I've ordered the Coconut Mocha frappe, which was was okay, I should've asked for extra blended because it got kinda icy and couldn't taste much of the mocha.
This guys were prepared early, four people working in the morning?
thats great!
no long lines, and I got my order within minutes.
Afterwards I sat at the terminal and took a picture with my Coconut Mocha frappe on hand with a beautiful Phoenix sunrise.

There are at least four Starbucks in this airport - this is the one in T4 just inside Security Checkpoint C by gates C1-C10.
A surprisingly nice airport Starbucks.
When I was there, it was quiet without a line.
There is a seating area with four tables and three sets of four armchairs.
You could actually sit here and believe that you were at any Starbucks, not inside an airport.
The place was well staffed (I believe there were three employees), and my drinks came quickly.
They had bananas when I was there, which was nice, plus a limited assortment of baked goods (it was later in the day).

The crew seems to mean well but should slow down or be more precise in their order management so as to not mess up so many drinks!
The coffee was good though.

Went to the store in terminal A, service was not very good.
Manager was talking loudly on cell phone while not doing anything.
They wouldn't fill my travel mug and had to waste an additional paper cup to keep my hand from getting hot while pouring the coffee into my cup.
Not impressed, not what I expect from Starbucks.

Good Peppermint mocha hook up on my way back to San Diego!
:)~~~

This is just outside C security check point to the right.
If I hadn't been actively looking for it (believe me, that chai was gonna happen) I might have missed it.
It's one of the newer Starbucks at Sky Harbor & I love that they made it more like an actual cafe, with plenty of seating.
Granted, even though the person who took my order wrote my name on my cup, the person who made it did not call it out, instead they said the type of drink..... a woman grabbed my drink (& so did I) & although I tried reasoning with her & telling her my name was on the cup, she insisted it was hers.... people who are caffeine deprived are scary, but fortunately in this location, you know they are not armed, LOL!.
The Barista had to step in, pry her fingers off my cup & tell her that hers was coming up.
The airport is always an adventure!

Stopped in to get some boiling water so I could heat up the pasta I brought from home (airport food is usually expensive & not that great), p/u a Very Berry Hibiscus (yum!
), & make good use of the airport's free WiFi & ample wall plugs (and seating) in Starbucks.
Fortunately, it didn't have that stinky coffee smell (I hate that) & it was extremely quiet for a Starbucks.
Susan was my cashier & she was very personable.
She teased me for thinking that my request for hot water was silly.
LOL I only ordered a Very Berry Hibiscus, but she's a great salesperson because she asked if I wanted to get a larger beverage or purchase any pastries.
I didn't order anything else because I brought my own pasta & chips and wanted to grab a cocktail before my flight.
Like a typical Starbucks, the line never seemed to end and the lady who was making the drinks was super quick!
Her strategy was to ask people in line what they ordered before they paid and helped to keep the line moving along nicely.
*Confession: Every time a plane takes off or lands, the entire room shakes slightly & that's not the easiest thing to get use to since I'm from California & it seemed like we kept having mini earthquakes.
*  Unfortunately, I was unable to obtain internet access in Starbucks (and I wanted a cocktail) so I moved closer to my terminal after I ate.
Other than having technical difficulties (WiFi may only be available in the terminals), I'd highly recommend this Starbucks when you're stuck in the Southwest terminal waiting for a flight.
The customer service is excellent, the place doesn't smell like coffee (the smell makes me nauseous), there's plenty of seating and wall plugs, and even if there's a line, you get in & out quickly!

There are two other Starbucks in the airport, don't go to this one the line is too long.
One is in baggage claim and the other is just before you go through security  In addition, while I rarely get food at Starbuck's I was excited to see vegetable frittata on the menu at this locale.
Sadly, there were no detectable veggies in said frittata.
Most disappointing.

Good Coffee and great that it's in an airport!

This is what you would expect from an airport Starbucks.
If you have time and are waiting for boarding I'd say it might be worth waiting in line.
They definitely were understaffed for the crazy morning crowed.
We probably waited almost half an hour and at the end I didn't get what I had actually asked for.
I definitely have experienced better, and hence the 2 stars.

Stopped in the one by the C security checkpoint in between flights.
It was very busy, quite a long line.
My drink was fine, but the fruit and cheese thing I bought turned out to be growing fuzzy mold.
Would not stop here again.

It is a typical airport Starbucks.
They really need to be more efficient when people are needing a bite to eat and coffee before they board their flight.

Quiet lounge in an airport Starbucks?
What a pleasant surprise.
Big leather chairs and relaxation.

slow service....not what people want in an airport.
When we asked about a particular souvenir mug, the cashier just shrugged and pointed to the small display that we had already looked at.
We left without coffee, and without a mug!

Amazing service and value.
When all other vendors mark up pricing beyond that they stay neutral.
Earned my business!
Hot bagel, yogurts and tea for me.

Typical airport 'Bucks.
Everyone is so friendly.
Strong Americano hit the spot after an early morning.
Woke me up!
Thanks to the staff.

Always busy, be patient.
I gave 3 stars because 1 or 25 in line they only have 1 Barista.

Good Mocha for a Branded Coffee Stop  SITREP  The metrics for coffee are pretty standard from Starbucks to Starbucks.
So that a Mocha I grab at the first Starbucks in Seattle is going to taste about the same as the one in my hometown of Sacramento to the one here in Phoenix.
And in the end, the taste of my mocha is the driving factor behind an overall rating.
Where "The rubber meets the road", so to speak, is in the execution of customer service.
Here, this Starbucks pretty much fails that measurement.
THE SETUP  You're in an airport.
That should be the first clue to any establishment that it's going to be busy.
When I was here, it was EXTREMELY busy.
And yet, when you have a line about 12-16 people deep, waiting to (hopefully) grab a coffee and decompress, you are going to need more than ONE barista manning both the register AND the coffee machines, and making us wait about 20 minutes to get the coffee.
Minus 1-Star right there.
COST  Why is it that airports and businesses at airports somehow justify the idea that charging MORE for services and product at airports can be supported?
DON'T.
CARE.
The fact airport establishments jack up their prices is a completely reviewable metric and one I will ALWAYS denigrate.
You can give me any excuse you want that the reason my cup of mocha here is a full $1.10 more here in Phoenix than at home, I won't ever accept your airport tax rationalization.
Minus another Star right there.
THE LOWDOWN  Great coffee.
But get more staff.
And f*ck airport taxes.

Good starbucks, but their system was down and we couldn't pay with our gift card and I couldn't get my star!
Boo!

) Coffee  2.
) Place to sit & charge your phone.
Is there any other reason NOT to like this place?

They make fine brewed coffee.
$2.44 out the door.

