I was lured into checking out the Mazda CX9/7 based on the special financing options.
Tracey was so great to work with!
She listened to my requirements and didn't try any pushy tactics to force me into anything.
I visited another dealership while shopping around and basically I ended up sweating bullets and felt trapped when I repeatedly tried to leave to eat dinner but they didn't want to let me leave.
I never once felt that way while dealing with Tracey and Gary.
I highly recommend More Mazda.
Great buying experience!

Low pressure, friendly folks, and a fair price.
When my old car finally had to be replaced with something built after World War II, I found myself perusing the lots at More Mazda.
I was never harassed or pressured, and found their asking prices lower than those at CarMax and considerably lower than other Mazda dealers.
They're a much smaller dealership than most and that meant that I never felt like fresh meat being handed to sharks like I did at the mega lots in North Scottsdale.
I got the car I wanted, at a price I wanted, and one person (Tracey) helped me from start to finish.
She even worked to help me squeeze the lowest possible rate out of the lender.
If you're in the market for a Mazda, I'd definitely recommend More Mazda.

nice salespersons the beef I have is I bought a used car in nice shape but the side mirror was damaged and we agreed to have it fixed they replaced the mirror but it doesnt look right and I told them about it and I agreed to split the cost to have a new mirroe replaced since they didnt fix it right like agreed so for me to get it right I have to pay half, I did say I would but fair is fair they should get it like like agreed in the deal we made when I bought it, the salesperson told me they are not going to pay for the mirror!

I had a wonderful experience here today - which is refreshing since 3 weeks ago I took my car into a different local Mazda service center and they were terrible!
These guys dropped me off, and picked me back up from work while my car was being serviced.
They were friendly and professional, and everyone had a smile that was working there.
I just had the basics done - oil change, tire rotation, but they were fast and friendly - MUCH different then my experience at the other service center a few weeks ago.
They even gave me a discount on the service!
Thank you guys!
I appreciate the fabulous service!
See you soon!

If you EVER need work done on your Mazda, More Mazda is the place to take it.
Their service is outstanding.
They explain to you what needs to be done, they stay in touch with you during your repairs, very professional and I never felt they were "avoiding" me.
I was always able to get in touch with the Service Manager.
I will bring my vehicle here from now on.

Im highly disappointed with more Mazda.
I took my mazda6 in to have a recall part replaced (for overheating issues)  which was a control fan module they replaced it and then tell me the radiator  fans are still not working , that the motor for the radiator fans was not working and that to have the fans/ fan motor replaced would be roughly 700$ !!!!
I said no thanks!
And paid to have my car towed somewhere else near my home.
I had a new mechanic look at it.
Turns out my radiator fans are working perfectly fine!!!!
And all that needed to be replaced was the thermostat.
100$ I paid to the honest mechanic I saw .
I will NEVER go here again they tried to scam me and they will try to scam you as well!
Please do be cautious and get a second opinion !
I'm glad I did.
700$ is a good chunk of change to throw away to have a part replaced that had nothing wrong with it.
Just pathetic on their part very very shady poor business.

You have a choice of Mazda dealers in the greater Phoenix area, choose any of the others.
My husband went to More Mazda on 6/21 to buy me a CX-5 Touring.
Which he did, and I love the car....except for the fact that it did not come with Sirius.
My husband and his son told the salesman, Gary Potter, that I loved Sirius, had it in the car I was trading in and he replied " Oh yeah, it has all that".
So you can imagine my frustration the following day when I called Sirius to activate the radio and discovered that it did NOT have Sirius.
I called the dealer and spoke with Mike in the service department...the last pleasant person we spoke with.
He said he thought they had Sirius, but he would go out on the lot and look,  He came back and said nope, no Sirius.
He kicked us over to sales and they said they would get in touch with Gary and have him call us.
Which he did, and said AGAIN that yes, the car had Sirius.
MY husband explained that it clearly did not and Gary said he guessed that they all had a lot to learn about the CX-5's.
Uh, excuse me, but aren't the sales people supposed to be the experts or at least knowledgeable regarding their product??
After numerous phone calls back and forth Gary said they would order the parts and install the Sirius the following Monday and that he would "eat" the cost.
He apologized for the misunderstanding.
He spoke about how hard he fought for my husband with management to get the radio.
My husband offered to split the cost.
It is $525 if the car has it installed.
Imagine our shock when we got a TEXT the next afternoon that the part was in, the install was scheduled and it would cost us $600!!!!!
We went from no cost to $600 without a conversation.
We cancelled the install.
It is obvious to me that customer satisfaction goes out the door when you drive off the lot.
Gary said the car had Sirius and my husband believed he knew what he was talking about.
We learned a valuable lesson , read everything, question everything and don't leave the lot till you are 100% sure you are buying the car that has been described to you.

Just bought a Mazda5 for my wife at More Mazda.
Worked with Gary, who was fantastic from start to finish.
No pressure.
No add-ons.
No lowballing on the trade-in.
This was really a different car buying experience than I have had with my last two new car purchases (Showcase Honda in 2007 and Camelback Toyota in 2009).

I'm not sure if the service department at More Mazda are crooks or just incompetant,  regardless, I couldn't reccomend enough going elsewhere.
I brought in my 2007 Mazda 3 a month ago because it had been shaking badly while driving any speed over 30 mph.
The service department replaced 2 engine mounts for 590$.
After the parts were installed the car was supposedly test driven before given back to me.
Im not sure how that could be as I barely left the parking lot before the shaking began again.
I took my car back again and told them that the repairs had not fixed the problem,  the service advisor told me that they would have to replace my spark plugs and drain fluid from my engine.
Having already spent nearly 600 dollars and not had the problem fixed and being wary of what spark plugs had to do with anything I asked the service advisor very directly if it would fix the shaking issue of my car, I was assured it would so agreed to the repairs for an additional 412.55$  Again, the car was tested and returned,  this time upon leaving not only was the shaking as bad as ever but sometime while my car was in their care my A/C had stopped running.
I returned upset and spoke to the Service Manager who told me that his advisor assuring me the plugs would work was a "misunderstanding" and that the AC was not their fault because he sited a faulty hose as a culprit and said it wasnt in an area they had been working on.
The Manager inspected the car again and told me this time that I would need new struts and berrings to fix the shaking issue.
and quoted me a price of 1200$ for the struts and berring and another 300 to fix the AC that they had obviously damaged themselves.
I took my car to a competitor where it was finally diagnosed correctly as a bend axle,  (Something More Mazda had never once suggested any of the times they had looked at it.
) and a Compressor wire for the A/C.
(Not the hose that supposedly wasnt in the area they were working on.
)  I have one of two feelings about More Mazda:  1.They intentionally ignored what was really wrong with my car in order to bilk more money out of me.
And possibly broke my A/C in the process to get more work.
2.They are so incompetant that they could not properly diagnose my car in 3 seperate visits what their competitor did in less than 20 minutes.
I sent an email to their Customer Service department laying out the details of my experience with no reply at all.
More Mazda reinforces every fear you've ever had about a service shop.

Have to agree with Gus O. about the service department.
Watch out -- they will place undisclosed and unauthorized charges on your bill.
Then this is pointed out, they will argue about it and try to convince you it is not included in the total somehow.
They fail to deal with this even after being sent a letter, though still will call you on your cell phone, nominally to find out if the service was acceptable, but really to urge you to vote them up on the Mazda follow-up surveys.
Prior experiences with this dealership were good, but based on recent experiences with service, I would avoid.

"Dear Gus ------  The follow-up comments you submitted to BBB were sent to More Mazda for a reply; BBB has not received further communication from the company.
Having reviewed this matter carefully, BBB has determined that the company has not adequately addressed the issues you presented or made a reasonable effort to resolve the dispute.
BBB has closed its file on this case which will now reflect in the company's BBB Business Review as unresolved.
We appreciate you taking the time to contact BBB to include us in your efforts to resolve this dispute.
If you wish to pursue this matter further, you may consider seeking legal advice.
Sincerely,     Samantha ----------------  Your Better Business Bureau"     Good Advice Samantha!

By far the best car buying experience I have had.
The service was excellent, there was no pressure, and I was able to get my Mazda 3 hatchback at a good price with great financing.
Go here first for your next car!

I recently bought a new car here but would not recommend More Mazda.
I quoted out dealers online and was happy with the apparent transparency in the emails.
I was provided an exact price and window sticker for a vehicle on the lot.
Once I arrived, bait and switch tactics were used, claiming the vehicle quoted to me online was not available.
This was a bold-faced lie as I had verified it was there 20 minutes prior to arriving.
I called their bluff and was price-matched to the car originally quoted.
Upon receiving the paperwork, the price was not fully price-matched (only halfway).
On top of that, the vehicle price was nearly $600 more than quoted online.
When asked about the discrepancy, they stated there were dealer installed add-ons which were not included in the original quote.
They agreed it should have been more transparent but refused to budge.
I then had to battle back and forth for 45 minutes to get them to reduce the pricing of the add-ons and include accessories to offset the amount they refused to budge on.
The whole reason I quoted online was to eliminate as much of the in-dealer haggling and make the visit as headache-free as possible.
However, More Mazda used bait and switch, surprise dealer add-ons, and straight up lies to make a sale.
I'm still happy with the price I paid which was about what was quoted, but I am not happy at all with the process of getting to that point.
Had they been transparent from the start, the whole process would have been much simpler.
In retrospect, I should have walked out as soon as they tried bait-and-switch.
My advice to More Mazda would be to simply be fair and honest with customers.
It is dishonest and unethical to treat your customers in the manner you currently do.

I love my Mazda cx-5, but soooooo disappointed with their sales people!
They lied to us and we discovered it after spending almost 8 hours at the dealership.
And they knew we needed a new car urgently and just pushed us even more.
Denny (or Danny) first told we were getting interest-free financing, and we may even get some discount from MSRP.
After giving us the final quote (we were quite shocked to see how high it was) turned out the discounted was coming only from finding us a lower interest loan!
No discount, no interest-free financing, everything was a lie!
This was after spending whole day at their office, I was pregnant and my 3 year old son was running wild and since my husband was taking our only car on an unexpected work trip, we had to agree whatever condition they proposed.
Nobody even called me to see how our shopping experience was.
Too bad for them, we`ll probably be going through a lot of cars in the future, we are an expanding family, and we`ll make sure not to get a single vehicle from them.
It`s unbelievable how some people are stupid enough to scare the customers away by placing sleazy incompetent people as their dealers, especially Mazda, when their competitors seem to be doing so much better!
I really love my car and would have loved to given them good reviews, but they just didn`t deserve more than this...

