The first time I went here was to purchase ice cream there, very nice service

It's  a bit more expensive that buying a pint at your supermarket but if you have a coupon or have to have that "shop only" flavor, you can't go wrong.
I'm a big fan of the Coconut Seven Layer Bar that I can't buy in the grocery store.
The ice cream is quality and so is the staff.

5 Stars for excellent prices, and an absolutely fantastic banana split!
I would knock off a star for the awful customer service I received, but the price and taste outweigh the nasty employee I encountered.

What is there NOT to love about Ben and Jerry's ice cream?
It's tasty, the flavors are creative and the quality is at the top of the charts.
This location is a bit more pricey than most, but that's only because it's inside the food court at Red Rock Casino.
This location always has friendly employees and their ice cream is fresh (they don't let it sit out too long so you never get those gross ice crystals).
This location also participates in the popular free cone day so make sure you mark your calendar and don't miss out!
I like to grab a scoop before or after a movie at the theater a few steps away.
Sure, it costs more to eat ice cream out at a shop but at least I know there's some sort of portion control and I know I won't oink down an entire pint at home!

Myth - To get premium ice cream in Vegas you have to spend a ton of money, wait in long lines and hope you are pretty enough to get in.
Fact - Ben and Jerry's still delivers creative flavors of high quality ice cream for normal low budget prices.
From low fat, greek yogurt that tastes like heaven to familiar flavors such as Americone Dream, Cherry Garcia and Cookie Dough, you will delight in such down to earth ice cream.
Now they are even getting green friendly and they let you know which icecreams are made with sustainable resources.
You can't go wrong here!

Love Ben and Jerry's.
I'm from upstate NY and its huge up there.
I don't love that it is in a casino and a bit over priced.
I'll stick to the ones in the freezer isle.

Delicious goodness, love everything about it except the price.. One scoop of ice cream for 5 bucks.
Ouch.
Straight from my lips to my hips, oh baby.
Asked for the banana spilt but they were out of it.
Grr.
Got instead a nice sundae.
chocolate ice cream with no air.. Rich an tasty, tons of whip cream.. That by no means tastes like the whip from the grocery store.. Ending it with a mountain of hot fudge..
Yes yes yes!
Love the different crazy concoctions that Ben and Jerry's has to often.
Crazy good with just as fitting crazy names.
Can't think of any of the spot but when I update I'll deliver.
No movie date is truly a date at redrock without a trip to get some ice cream first

