The same folks who own this PAS owned the PAS in Des Moines.
It is faaaaantastic.

My wife and I have tried most, if not every, vietnamese/pho joint in the area and always find ourselves coming back to this place.
The broth in their pho has a fantastic depth of flavor (no MSG).
Very inexpensive for the quality and quantity you recieve.
I also highly recommend the salted lemonade with sprite or soda water.
The service is fairly prompt and polite.
It's never very busy.

Love the food here and the prices are amazing.
Where else can you have two entrees and a huge appetizer and have the bill come out to be 25 bucks?
We even left with left overs for the next day and we are not light eaters.
I love the salt and pepper prawn.
It is amazing!

Pho, my favorite place for pho.
And very nice people too.

love this place even though they are not that busy anytime I go there.

This place is great!
Best vietnamese food!

Yuck.
This was the worst pho I have ever had.
Bad broth, ugly meat, wilted veggies.
Service was awful.
The dude up front was coughing violently, and blowing his nose.
Go to Khai Hoan.
I feel sick right now and may have food poisoning-  -Update I definitely got food poisoning from Pho All Seasons-

Poor service, indifferently cleaned food, and weak seasoning.
The menu also didn't match the food actually served, so I got to eat pork for the first time since my conversion 20 years ago.
They were FAR from apologetic.
We will not be back.

My pho of choice is chicken, and the chicken pho at this place had an unusual flavor - kind of sweet.
But otherwise, not much other flavor.
I had to keep adding soy sauce & sriracha but overall a disappointing meal.
I won't be back.

This is my favorite Pho in Phoenix.
Sometimes they are out of items (salted lemonade soda or fresh bread), but the pho always brings me back.
My favorite is the brisket w/extra veggies.
Sometimes I get the beef stew (if there is bread).
Also, the portion size is good.
Sometimes my husband and I split the large and leave full.

