The server actually had to apologize to me as she presented me what looked like the most pitiful pathetic five dollar breakfast sandwich..  1 Egg: 7.00/60 = .12 1 slice american processed 1.69/lb= .11 1 english muffin 1.49/6 = .24 2 slices bacon 2.39lb 1oz= .15 Total Food Cost .62  about a 12% food cost..
Thanks Moon Valley Cafe.. Glad to see you aren't ripping anyone off..

Came to Moon Valley Cafe because we ate here last year when on a golf vacation.
It used to be Pinky's and we were a little worried that the new ownership would have ruined a good diner.
On the contrary, the new ownership has made it better.
Same friendly staff including the nice waitress who calls you "Hon", and the former quirky decor has been modernized and is very comfortable.
The waitress remembered us from a year ago, and knew we were on a schedule to make a tee time so she got us our food and check as quickly as possible.
I had the rib eye and eggs three days in a row, and it was fantastic.
Not your typical chewy breakfast steak but a real tender boneless rib eye.
Wife and son loved the hand smashed burger in lieu of the typical frozen patty.
Everything was cooked exactly as ordered and was hot and delicious.
Worth going out of your way for, and if you're staying at the Hilton nearby, go to Moon Valley to recover after you get over the crud they feed you at Pointe in Tyme.

Great coffee, great service, cool little place for a nice quiet breakfast at the corner of 7st & T-bird.
Been here before but it has been some time, I ordered the eggs benedict and I licked my plate.
Fantastic meal and had 3 cups of coffee (2 above normal)  What can I say, this place is pretty cool and a hidden gem if you ask me.
Very casual and I am pretty sure the same waitress helped me both times.

I read a comment about a pathetic $5.00 breakfast and could only think that he was at a different restaurant!
The plates at Monn Valley Cafe are overflowing with great food.
Never had a bad meal there.
Friendly staff, very clean.
I'll take clean any day over fancy ambiance or soft music.

This the worst place.
I sat down was not greeted and waited forever to place my order.
Would not go back.
And it was not that busy.
Then my eggs were cold!

Very YUMMY!
Will be coming back!

I've been going to Moon Valley Cafe for more than a decade, and was so sorry when it closed for a while...but equally delighted it reopened!
Apparently the employees pitched in and reopened the former Pinky's...the menu kept all the great stuff!
My kids love the burgers (even in the morning) but I am addicted to the omlettes (feta and spinach, smoked salmon) and their amazing chewy, dense, wonderful oatmeal that makes all other oatmeal a weak comparison.
We love the waitress's cheerful demeanor, the casual atmosphere, and that we're never hurried.
I told my husband about it, and now he goes all the time as well.
In a franchise world, this is a unique place run by local folk who care...go early and often!

We went for breakfast and it was a great value for the money.
Owner at the front is a nice guy.
Only complaint was our waitress, but I think she may have been new and still finding her groove.
Other than that, a-ok.

Really liked the service, friendly folks who make you feel at home.
Prices are very reasonable.
Got the $3.99 weekday special and for $1.00 more got biscuits and gravy.
The sausage was very good for a deal like this.
Good food, good people.

Great little "Hole in the wall".
Smiling faces, good service and good food.
Hope they like us, 'cause we'll be regulars ;)

I am not one to give out one stars...so this is going to be difficult.
I went to Moon Valley cafe in the hopes of getting Mexican food (they own the place next door), but during the day this portion of their restaurant is closed.
Waited for the server for quite a while.
I ended up with a beef sandwich and my son had a burger.
I order some to go items from their other restaurant for the rest of the family.
The sandwich was dry and flavorless.
My son (who usually eats a whole burger) only ate a small amount of his food and said he didn't like it.
The wait for the food and check was VERY long.
Finally was able to get the attention of the waitress....for check and to go items.
The food was overpriced, to go items were nonexistent.
Sorry I am not waiting another hour for a burrito.
Not going back.

Quick, friendly service.
The Spinach Feta Omelet was delicious.
Prices are reasonable at this nice little diner.
The decor is outdated, but the food and friendly wait staff make up for it!

Friendly neighborhood breakfast place.
Free wifi, enthusiastic staff, good food.
They are getting a liquor license soon, too.
I like their omelettes (corned beef!
what!?
), and I had the house burger for lunch one day.
It's not gourmet, but I love mushrooms and swiss so it was just right for me.
it's a very busy place, but the girls work hard.
Don't be ignorant, since you can see the kitchen window and you can see how fast everyone moves.
It's never been an unreasonable wait.
Prices can't be beat.
If you are on a budget, you can enjoy a nice meal here.
Good for families, couples, and elderly alike.

OK is really all I can say so far.
This is my second visit.
This time for lunch.
The food is good.
Service OK.  Just nothing to get excited about.
I was one of the younger people in the place...and I'm 60.
So, not sure.
My first visit was breakfast and it was much better.

Hubby and I are new to the area.
We were hoping to find a diner cafe type of place.
Husband not keen on Mexican food and we were not expecting it here.
I ordered the spinach dip with fresh veggies.
I received dip with chips.
The waitress stated that they had no vegetables in the kitchen!
There were few people in the cafe but the service was very slow.
This place may be great for breakfast but we won't be finding out.
Our dinner time visit was torturous.

closed early without warning

I'm surprised at all of the negative reviews.
We had an excellent breakfast!
Lox plate was huge and excellent- a grilled bagel with cream cheese, capers, onions and more smooth, smokey buttery lox than I could eat.
Wife had eggs bennie and loved it.
Son had  a huge Belgian waffle and licked his plate.
Daughter loved her French toast.
Super friendly service too!

This place is so good.
The meatloaf!
Get the meatloaf!

This is a nice Mom & Pop café with a personable staff always willing to help accommodate customers.
Owner comes to see if there is anything he can do to make your visit a good one.
Prices are  reasonable.
Cheerful and happy staff!
Always meets  you with a smile.
Omelets are HUGE!

Cute old school mid-west style diner with real folksy folks.
Stick with the basics like bacon, eggs and potatoes rather than their supreme french toast or the steak n' eggs.
I shall return!

Sorry guys, this place is as bad as it gets!
We sat at the counter and watched the servers argue with each other and then the kitchen staff and then the hostess THE ENTIRE TIME.
I feel like we were waiting for a brawl to break out.
We sat for a good 15 minutes before we were even acknowledged.
We ordered the steak and eggs with home fries along with a half order of biscuits and gravy to share.
I asked for the steak to be cooked medium rare.
I love my steak rare but this thing came out beyond mooing... it was also very under seasoned.
I also didn't get my home fries they gave me hash browns instead.
At one point one of the younger servers told me "I'm sorry they usually don't fight like this" this girl was genuinely embarrassed.
We just picked at our food for about 15 minutes, paid and then left... NEVER AGAIN.
Try The Perk Eatery, 40th St. Cafe or The Original Breakfast House instead!

Nice little place.
The price is right and the people are nice.
I meet the owner last time in and he was very pleasant and took good care of us and seemed to really care.
I had the steak and eggs and thought it was just as good as any I have had before.
Check em out for breakfast if your in the area.

Great breakfast after a hike.
Stopped by on Thanksgiving and Kim was very friendly, quick with the coffee refills and just great.
Will definitely return.
Seems like the regulars like it as well.
She knew most everyone in here.
Was very tasty and filling.

A fantastic, inexpensive diner setting on the edge of an old shopping center.
I tried the breakfast burrito with meat, bacon, and was amazed at the size of it when they brought it quickly and promptly.
Delicious food, fast and friendly service, warm inviting atmosphere.
I highly recommend this place and will definitely be back myself.
Excellent prices make this a must.

This is another example of when I wish there was a half star option.
Location is what gives this place 4 stars otherwise 3.5.
Good food, friendly staff, relaxing diner atmosphere, all make this place an enjoyable spot to stop and grab breakfast or.
Lunch.
I usually order the bacon cheeseburger with fries and onion rings.
It is exactly what you would expect from a diner.
I will continue to be a customer here and support my local business.

I'm a little torn on how to review MVC.
We were greeted within a few seconds of walking in and asked if we could sit at the bar (we like to watch the kitchen action) and the hostess said sure, and walked away.
We sat ourselves and quickly realized we didn't have menus.
We waited for a waitress to come by, but after about 5 minutes my fiancee just got up and grabbed us some.
What appeared to be the owner was standing by where the menus were and noticed him grabbing our own, and apologized for the oversight (so that was really fine).
After another few minutes our waitress came over, and was actually very friendly throughout the rest of the time there.
I ordered the pancakes with eggs and ham and he had the french toast with meats.
The ham steak and eggs were cooked perfectly.
My pancakes looked good, but when flipped over, they were burned on the other side.
His sausage, ham, bacon and eggs were also cooked perfectly but the French Toast was just okay.
(see pics for reference)  The big down side was really listening to the other waitresses that came up to the counter to pick up things complaining about the other patrons in the restaurant.
It was rather awkward to sit there and overhear them bad mouth people sitting on just the other side of the restaurant.
Overall: B Skip the pancakes or french toast if you go, but the meats and eggs are great!
Bar waitress was nice, but be aware you may end up listening to the other waitresses complaints while sitting there - yikes!

They do NOT offer delivery.

Great location to meet people for breakfast and love the option of sitting outside while it is still nice out.
The food was mediocre, nothing to write home about but nothing to complain about either.
We got a large selection from omlettes to pancakes, everyone enjoyed their food.
Good place to check out if you're in town.

I'd have to pretty desperate to ever go back.
The people were very nice & friendly but they seemed short staffed because it took several minutes to get menus, several more to get drinks and 1/2 hour to get our food after that-it was pretty good though.
The scariest part was when I went to the ladies room and saw what looked like a cockroach make a brief appearance out of the pic on the wall and uncleanliness of the bathroom.
How hard is it to clean bathroom?
Eww!

Amazing!
Great, basic food and wonderful service.
Not to be missed for breakfast!
Cinnamon roll was melt in your mouth, even without the butter.
Omlets were outstanding.
Great coffee.
Waitstaff was friendly and charming, in a down home kinda way.

My daughter and I stopped by for lunch while we were in the area for her dance competition.
The while staff was amazing, friendly and helpful.
You'll find the owner happily chatting up the regulars and newcomers, like ourselves.
The food was delicious and served fast.
Highly recommend!

I am regular at the Moon Valley Cafe since I live in the neighborhood.
The food is consistent and reasonably priced.
As mentioned by other reviewers, the staff is friendly and accommodating.
There have been times when the service is slow when it's crowded and they are short on staff.
However, the other times I have been make up for that.
If my poached eggs aren't done to my request (lightly poached), they happily take them back and bring me new ones.
I like to get the "eggs and hamburger" on the breakfast menu, only with a turkey burger instead of ground beef.
I will continue to be a loyal customer...

Sorry folks this place is not for me, the service is lousy the servers are career servers so the don't care about anything but the tips not the service, I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs and it all was out of a box the gravy was like plaster the chicken fried steak was not eatable it was dropped in a deep fat fryer and was eatable, I guess you could eat it if you where just looking to fill your gut.
Not for me sorry I wont ever be back to this Diner.

The best onion rings around!
I love that I can order lunch in the morning since eggs upset my stomach.
The bacon cheese burger is wonderful & I love the friendly staff.
We can eat here for the same cost as a fast food restaurant, inexpensive & good food.
I also like that I can order an alcoholic beverage any time, although I never have.

I'm giving it 3 stars cause the food is great!
Unfortunately the service is horrible.
I went twice to give them the benefit of the doubt.
Both times it took them 40 mins to get the food to us.
Chalked it up to being busy on the weekend however busy should never be in a waitress vocabulary.
No water refills and never checked on us after food was given to us.
Both times!!
Different waitress!
I will have to think twice about going back.

