This pet store is located in Meadows Mall.
It's a small and cluttered pet store.
They have dogs and cats for sale.
The cages were clean and the animals looked well cared for.
I like visiting this pet shop because they have beautiful cats and purebred dogs to purchase.
No one asked us if we needed help or wanted to see one of the animals.
They also had some lizards and turtles for sale as well.
I would come back only because the animals are cute!
^_^*~

This place is awesome.
Wonderful customer service, knowledgeable and personable staff and helpful throughout the entire visit.
Animals are healthy and they have a variety of dogs, cats, etc.
Shelters are a good idea if you're looking for a pet as many don't have homes, but if you're gonna buy, buy here.

Would give negative stars if I could!
I just moved into the city of Las Vegas and went into the Pet Emporium located at the Meadows Mall.
The pets inside the store were all miserable and looked malnourished.
There was a 6 month female pittbull whose body was very thin and face extremely gaunt.
There was a Victorian bull dog that looked ill, dogs suspended in metal cages with paws looking swollen.
The cats all had giant bowls of food that had hair all in it that looked old.
There were 3 large dogs in one 4x4 cage and all the other cages were overpopulated.
There was one medium sized dog called a chinese something that was placed in a cage with a large german shepherd puppy and a siberian husky.
This poor dog was huddled in the corner shaking and scared.
This place should not be allowed to sell any animal with these conditions.
My boyfriend and I walked out of here in tears wishing we could take at least one home with us, but the astronomical prices put a stop to that.

went to this store while i was at the mall, noticed they sell illegal baby turtles .. nuff said

Nasty, nasty, nasty.
The puppies look like they come from puppy mills.
This place is a puppy mill.
They are dirty and matted.
This place is disgusting and no way they actually care about the pups.
They would do so much better if they would give the pups a bath occasionally.
Go to Puppy Boutique on Craig and Rancho (NW Las Vegas) if you would like a quality pup.
This is where I ended up buying my Havanese.
Puppy Boutique is clean and professional.
You know they care about the pets by looking at their condition.

This is the worst pet store I have ever seen.
All the puppies are full grown and depressed.
I'm not against paying a lot of money for a dog, but this store is ridiculously over priced.
1000 dollars for an 8 month old dachshund is TOO high.
So sad because all these animals deserve loving homes and families.
The cages are dirty.
I saw a worker spraying window cleaner into a kennel while two dogs were inside, no concern for the health of the puppies.
My husband and I want to buy the dogs in this store, just to put them out of their misery and then find them better homes on craigslist.
This place is horrible.
I hope it closes down.
I agree with the comment made below that a dog pound would be a better situation.
I am not an extremist when it comes to animal rights or pet stores, but this place is HORRIBLE.
Can;t get this place off my mind.....
SO BAD!!!

HORRIBLE PLACE TO GO IF YOU'RE AN ANIMAL LOVER!
Doesn't shock me that some DUMBASS below rated this place 5 stars because its a good place to pick up girls.
I'm hoping that he's 16 & not a grown adult because he'd be a pathetic excuse as an ADULT.
Anyway..
I hate this place but go in there whenever I'm at Meadows Mall because my boyfriend & I love dogs.
We go in there just to see the pups to pay them a visit.
But never will I spend a single penny in there.
I've witnessed unsanitary kennels & malnourished pups.
It breaks my heart.
I'm going to assume that they come from puppy mills also.
I am really good at recognizing different breeds, as most dog lovers are.
Some dogs are listed as full bred Yorkie's or full bred Malteses, when they're CLEARLY NOT.
They're scamming the public by selling mixed breeds as full breeds!
They need to shut this store down immediately or sell it to an owner that cares.

My first and last time in this store.
Puppies in cages for sale depress me.
It's unfortunate because this store has a lot of awesome items for pet lovers like me.
Beds, bowls, picture frames, memorial item for pets that have passed on, key chains, toys, etc.
But I can't spend my money in a store where dogs are sold which probably came from puppy mills.
I mean what the heck is a Bichon Japanese Chin!
I have no problem with mutts or purebred dogs, just do your research.
What I do have a problem with is being told that they dogs are given daily medication to stay healthy and that a Bichon Japanese Chin mix can be a show dog  -- I don't know what organization that would take place in.
But it doesn't matter because any dog you buy from there you sign a contract stating you won't show it.
Sounds a little fishy to me.
And honestly the dogs do not appear that healthy or active.
Two stars because the sales staff was friendly.

#1100  This review was originally for 3.5 stars, but because of the purchase experience, went down to 1 star.
Part One: What turned out to be a regular routine visit in the mall (OK, I am blaming the parking spot- this was the last stop before heading out the exit/entrance), almost turned out to be an adoption.
Before I go any further, I love animals, and I have gotten most of my dogs from the shelter.
This was not a puppy mill product, she has papers and the sales lady showed us her lineage certificate (came from a reputable breeder).
She is exactly what my husband wanted- breed, sex, age, etc.
I really wrestled with the idea, for a number of reasons.
But the lady here was super nice, and was trying to give us a good deal, and it was, believe me.
I have my reasons why my final decision was "No.
" I feel bad enough because this was really hard- my husband really wanted this puppy.
I was about 75% headed in the "yes" direction.
Anyway, this store has a variety of dog breeds available.
It is very clean- there are no stinky or unpleasant smells (like the ones at the shelters, sorry, but gotta be honest).
The dog cages appear to be clean.
There are two visiting areas near the "doggie windows", to see the puppy up close and personal.
In addition, there are supplies, food, treats & toys.
However, these things are higher-priced as compared to the large chain stores, PetsMart or Petco.
See, this store years ago, was a pet store before, but it was kinda bare-bones, wasn't like how it is now.
It is more like a pet boutique today.
Part Two: We left but had our reservations.
We made the mistake of going there again the following week, (saw that the dog was still available) and actually going through with a purchase.
However, after reality set in, my husband regretted this decision.
There were few options: return the dog to get a hypo-allergenic dog, and get the difference back, return the dog without anything back, ie.
lose money $$$.
So, because of the overwhelming counts, we went with option #2.
I tried reaching Contact 13 for a possible story, but never heard back.
Anyway, I have a much bigger audience with this site anyway- I'm a reputable Yelp reviewer with 1100 reviews.
There is also social media, Facebook.
And some other resources to explore.
Well, we are never coming back here again.

Very sad, went in to store today, saw a 6 month old male pug all alone in small 2nd level cage, all alone.
This isn't a puppy this is a dog that has mostly matured.
IT NEEDS ROOM.
I asked the attendant the price and its at a cost no one will pay ( 1300 dlls) making it impossibly to find this not so puppy a home.
I would buy it at a reasonable price just to get it out of its misery but can't afford anything close to that nor not looking for a dog.
This place should be closed and the owners fined and prosecuted for allowing pets to be in those kind of conditions.
more people need to come forward and report this horrible life they are giving the poor dogs

