This is one of my go-to Starbucks.
Right off of Flamingo in the same parking lot as the LVAC.
Very good staff, and never as packed and busy as most of the other Starbucks in the area.
Also has a drive-thru for those lazy mornings when that good song is on the radio and you don't feel like parking and going inside.

Super slow drive through.
Like five to seven minutes a car slow.

Baristas aren't as friendly as other locations and the outdoor seating is limited to about 3-4 tables and with the weather being as nice as it is now, this place is not ideal location to enjoy your drink outside since you probably won't be able to find a place to sit.
Parking gets a little cramped, especially when people do not know how to park!
One good thing about this place is that they have a drive-thru.

I stopped in here tonight for some buzz to keep me awake after a grueling hike today.
The staff was friendly and I was on my way quickly.
Yet another location crossed off my list of Starbucks left to visit.

Horrible customer service!
to make a long story short...I will go out of my way to find a different coffee place next time!
The barista was friendly, but the supervisor (i think) with short blond hair has a bit of an attitude problem.

I love this location because everyone knows my order, greets me with a smile and my drink is consistently great.
The line can get a little long and if it is I usually hit a different location in the morning.

Decent customer service, some times slow.
Drinks are consistently average.
Not great, not horrible.
3 Stars.
Average Starbucks experience.

This Starbucks is one of my favorites.
The staff member that took my order was paitent and took the time to assist me with a few coffee related questions, my drink was made correctly and per my order, and the store was clean.
Note, this store isnt usually packed full of customers, which is nice when you need to find a seat.

I love this location for the drive-thru in the morning.
The baristas even know to put the stopper in for me now (which tells you how much I stop by).
The only problem I have with this location is that the drive-thru is sometimes very slow.
I'm not sure if baristas can't keep up with the orders or what, but it slows to a crawl at times which is unusual since most other drive-thrus I've been around the country don't have this issue.
And it sucks if you need your latte but are staring at the clock for that upcoming meeting.

Always friendly and happy staff

Something about this Starbucks...I've never had a long wait.
Ever.
and the service is nice.

This Starbuck's is located at Flamingo Road west of the 215.
It is convenient to the 215 motorists and shoppers that patronize Sear's Grand, Target, and the businesses in the vicinity of the 215 at Flamingo Road.
This Starbuck's has also been convenient for me.
After hiking in Red Rock Canyon and having a dinner somewhere, I have stopped here to get my second wind.
This is a fitting Starbuck's to relax with a warm cup of coffee before the drive back to Henderson.
During the Holidays it is a charming spot to sit by a Christmas Tree drinking a coffee with pumpkin spice syrup.
The service has improved.
On my last visit the baristas were fast and friendly.
I appreciate the sufficient parking and that it stays open til 9 pm on Saturday.
Yay!
I am a fan.

Friendly service in the drive thru

This Starbucks probably has the worst customer service in the area, but I go here for convenience.
Due to it's mass corporate-ness, all drinks taste the same at every location, so I'm willing to deal with some frowney people to satiate my green tea latte addiction.
They have a drive thru, but it's definitely a slow one.
I always tip at least $2 at the window, and usually they just ignore me when I tell them to keep the change and walk over to their change jar.
I don't expect balloons and ribbons or anything, but just an acknowledgement like at other locations would be nice.
Most times I don't even know if they hear me.
I've never had a problem with the drinks here, they're always correct and hot.
If you haven't tried their green tea latte.. do it!
In the summer it's good iced with no syrup and vanilla subbing in as the sweetener.. mm.

This Starbucks is conveniently located right off of the 215, so I use the drive-thru at least once a week on the way to work in Hendertucky after I drop my son off at school.
The staff is always very friendly and I'm never in line for more than ten minutes.
The convenience and speed of service cannot be beat.
Last week I even had the customer in front of me perform an act of kindness and pay for my nonfat latte--that only happens to me at Starbucks' drive-thru's and it's always a nice way to start the day.
Payin' it forward, too.

Terribly slow drive thru and they always make my drinks wrong!
Great location and a few nice baristas, but they don't make up for a poorly made $5 latte.
I'd rather go out of my way to Sbucks on Trop and Fort Apache.

I absolutely LOVE coffee.
I know, I know artificial sweeteners are bad for you...
But my body craves the caffeine.
After hitting up the Wax bar next door, I decided to hit up the drive thru real quick and grab a coffee.
The service was very prompt and I had my iced coffee within a minute of ordering it.
The drive thru attendant seemed very sweet and happy to be there.

My normal Starbucks when I am on my way the Henderson Area.

WORST Starbucks in Vegas.
The drive thru is painfully slow in the mornings.
This lady they hired always works the drive thru and is dumb as a sack of bricks.
I refuse to visit this location any more!
The manager of this store must be blind, or as ignorant as the employees here!

This is the worst Starbucks that I have ever been to.
I've been here twice in the last couple of days and both times it was just horrible.
The girl who takes your order in the drive through is rude and impatient.
And has messed up my order both times, yesterday I specifically said extra cream and my coffee came black.
Today I ordered and paid for two breakfast sandwiches and she only gave me one.
She was rude and unhelpful the whole time.
Actually going so far as to roll her eyes.
The coffee actually suffered also, not the tasty goodness that it normally is.Needless to say I will never be going back.

I love this location because of their great customer service in the morning at the drive thru window.
When I get up to the window, I'm always get greeted with a smiling face.
Let me tell you.. receiving great customer service with a smile is one of the best ways to start your day.
I was once thanked with a complimentary Cake Pop.
It was really good!
Thank you for always delivering great drinks, food, and customer service!
I got my gold star status here last year and I'm going to continue purchasing more drinks here as well!

not to crowded, service is great!
WiFi can lag at times but overall an excellent experience!

obviously I love Starbucks.
the food and drink taste good but today the staff was rude, unfriendly and lacked customer service overall.
it took 20 minutes to receive my panini (which usually takes 5) other customers were also complaining that their coffee was taking forever.
this location is slow, the workers were not doing much and still were not making customers food/drinks.
ever heard of a smile, ladies?

Good service, quick and friendly for the most part!
4 starts only because the drive through at this location is never quick.

I've been coming to this Starbucks for over a decade now.
It's the same great service I receive every time I come here.
Nice chill place to hang out, to do Ur homework, some networking or just to catch up on some reading.
Baristas are always happy & friendly.
I like the drive thru, it's pretty consistent on the wait times.

This is not my usual Starbucks but the one closest to my house was close due to a water issue.
I stopped by here for my iced americano and to do a little work for the up coming week.
Temperature of the cafe was pleasant, music was at a good volume, the baristas were nice and my drink was perfect.

Every time we drive through this Stsrbucks, their cheery service brightens our day.
The orders are always correct and they make a great effort to go above and beyond for any special request.
So happy to have such a nice Starbucks to stop in at so close to work!

This place is another great Starbucks location.
The staff is efficient and very friendly.
It also has a drive through and to be honest...I have never been inside.
I always use the drive thru at this store.
The reason I love this location so much is because it is located right next to the Las Vegas Athletic Club  that I go to in the morning.
That's why it is the perfect location for me.
That is also why I have never been inside.
I am usually to lazy to get out of the car after I leave the gym, so I head straight to the drive thru for some Starbucks Blonde Roast or an ice coffee, depending on what I'm in the mood for.
Like I said, the staff is very quick here.
The drive thru line is always moving even when they are very busy.
I do not recall ever having to wait very long here.

I Love Starbucks!!!
what can I say, the coffee is amazing and so is their pastries.
I love this location because not is only is it close to my house but the staff here is very nice and usually the service is fast at their drive-thru which comes in very handy especially when you're in a rush.
Definitely love coming here during Fall and Winter when my ULTIMATE favorite drink comes out, Pumpkin Spice Latte, hmmmm!

The Starbucks is easy access right off the 215 and flamingo.
Not my favorite as service is way slow at the drive-through if there's one person in line  it doesn't take long for to get backed up.
Great if you're the first person in line not so good if you're the third person.

