Really theres no reviews for this big of a place?
Look- in general buying stuff off the showroom can sometimes be a ripoff, but there's pricematching.
This is where it gets a good rating from me.
The BF brought in different pages from online to buy Audio Technica HTM M50s headphones.
One he wasnt sure if they would take it since it was so low of a price and it's not a well known site, but they did.
These would have been going for about $170 there and we got them for $85.
So nice we bought twice.
The BF decided, eff it- lets get two so I can have one too!
Originally he wanted us to share/alternate these headphones and a Beyer Dynamics DT770's so we have two different sounds, but this deal was too great to pass up.
I just listened to a track and my ears are screaming joy.

This is where I buy most of my DJ equipment.
They price match online which is great, but only from authorized dealers which can be a pain sometimes.
This place has a huge selection and is the perfect store for any musician.
Located on the back side of Town Square.
Go check them out!

I have had great experiences here.
Mikey Mike is an exceptional staff member.
He helped me pick out speakers for my Man as a surprise gift and remembered the speakers we had previously looked at together.
Needless to say, I had a VERY happy Man at home:)  Pros: Staff, selection of equipment  Cons: None yet;)

Good location with lots of parking nearby.
Nice selection of practically everything.
Prices are comparable to the other music stores in town (with the exception of Ed Roman....I don't know how that guy sleeps at night).
Very attentive staff....almost to the point of hovering (but not quite).

You need some music related, a/v equipment this is the place to go.
Just don't expect a deal unless its during one of their sales or its open box/used gear.
With the exception of 1 dude who was pretty on point with his customer service on one of my multiple visits, most of these cats in the DJ/sound/staging area are standing around talking and are reluctant to help you out.
No bueno.

Decent GC, just like the others I suppose.
Went into the Platinum room and looked at a $24K Telecaster...don't see that every day.
Friendly staff offered to plug in guitars for me multiple times.

My fiancé and I went to this location having an in store credit and looking for a new guitar and a snare drum.
As he went looking for the guitar I went to the drum room.
3 employees were in there talking and one other patron.
Not one time did any employee say hello, can I help you, or anything for that matter.
As I continued to look and was looking for a price on a drum I decided to go find my fiancé since nobody seemed to care I needed help.
I asked my fiancé if he found what he was looking for and he said nobody would help him either.
When we went back to the drum room we had to move a few things to get to what we needed still not even a hello from 3 employees.
I then decided to take my business elsewhere.
We shop at guitar center on W Charleston A LOT!!
We took our store credit back to that location where we spent the credit and then some on products.
I could not believe how rude and unwelcome I felt in a company that I shop in very often.
I may even start frequenting Sam Ash instead at least there I can get some one to help me or at least acknowledge my presence.
Sad too I like guitar center.

This was the first time that I walked into this Guitar Center.
The layout is warm and welcoming.
Everything was in it's place, clean and organized.
I walk in, greeted and given a head nod from a salesman on the phone.
I walk into the acoustic room to check out what they had to offer.
The rooms were very well organized.
Every guitar was arranged by price point and all of the P.O.P.
's were facing out so they were easy to read.
I checked out the Taylor / Martin room.
I'm a Taylor guy and they had a great selection.
I like to pull down the guitars and give them a strum to see if they're tuned.
Every single one of that I pulled down sounded great.
I spent a good 20 minutes playing the guitars and I wasn't bothered once.
That is where my problem lays.
I used to be an A.M. at a Guitar Center in California and in those 20 minutes of being by myself, I wondered where the sales reps were.
I mean, don't get me wrong,  I like solitude while I check out gear.
And, I don't like a pushy salesman.
But, in turn, I don't want to be ignored.
It's not like I walked in looking to "wank" on the electrics.
I am a serious buyer, and if I can find a good deal, I will jump all over it.
Anyhow, as I was leaving, I walked by a couple of sales reps and in passing they asked me, "did you find what you were looking for?
" It seemed like it was almost in jest.
I exchanged a couple of words and out the door I went.
I wasn't asked my name, and I obviously wasn't asked for my number for a call later on in the week / 20 days.
But, to be fair, I may have caught them on a bad / slow night.
I remember nights like that.
Just my 2 cents.
I didn't have a real conversation with anyone, so I couldn't tell you if they knew their stuff.
But, I'll return and give them another chance.

What can I say, it's freaking Guitar Center!
The selection is off the hook and the prices are definitely reflective of their bulk buying.
I have bought some used rack mount p/a gear recently at killer deals, but the new gear is still a great deal too.
My only gripe and it's a small one,  is used merchandise that has not passed it's 30 day grace period before it can be sold is on display with the price on it as if it's available, kinda a downer when you need a piece and it's sitting there but you can't grab it.
Otherwise, it's great, the staff is full of knowledge, easy to get to, and everything else you could ask for.

There are two stores that I can get lost in.... this is one of them.
(I'm glad I reminded myself of this so I can Yelp the other one!
) ; )  I am a local DJ/musician and there is NO better place to find what you are looking for here.
The staff love what they do... let's face it, if you don't know jack about music, sound, DAWS, or instruments why would you apply here?
The guitar selection is absolutely amazing with an acoustic padded room to go in and play any guitar you see.
Inside the room there are also banjos, ukelele's etc.
You can tell the guys working the guitar area have been jamming for quite a while.
The drum room has everything you will need as far as acoustic kits, digital kits, cymbals, sticks for set as well as marching percussion for all of you local high schoolers.
I have always been a Vic Firth Ralph Hardimon fan from my drum corp days (wood tip of course).
The DJ room is awesome, when I was learning to beatmatch I would come in there and play on their DVJ 1000's to practice until i bought my MK3's.
They don't care if you are in there from open to close playing with everything... it's awesome.
The sound room has a wide variety of speakers/sound boards ranging from mobile DJ to full blown club gear.
Look into the QSC or B-52 speaker systems for all of you mobile/house party DJs out there.
Keyboard/piano selection is absolutely nuts.
I guess you could say the only thing lacking in Guitar Center stores would be a large variety of acoustic pianos.
Lastly there is a small room for producers with an array of monitors, studio desks etc.
and at the counter near that room is all the DAWS, plug-ins, headphones.
I'm an avid fan and user of the Allen & Heathe XD line of headphones.
Whether you are a musician or not, this store can keep you entertained for hours on end with a very helpful and knowledgeable crew to boot.
Highly recommended and a must visit to explore and learn anything music related!!

I have been playing (mediocre) acoustic guitar for over 25 years now and have purchased at least 15 guitars in that time,,,mostly used guitars from places like Craigslist , Ebay, etc., but quite a few purchased at guitar stores as well.
Without fail when buying at a store (many times at a Guitar Center) I have always left the store feeling like I was taken advantage of because the salesman plays like a professional musician in comparison to me and they can surely tell I have no idea what I'm looking for.
It's always an intimidating experience no matter what.
I wish I could remember the salesperson's name for the purpose of this review, but he is a middle aged gentleman who I could tell truly loves the acoustic guitars as he referred to the guitars as "his babies".
While he was with another customer, I interrupted to ask if I could play one of the guitars and he very kindly replied that I could play any guitar I chose to anytime I pleased and did not make me wait until he was finished with his previous customer...I was dressed like I didn't have a dime to my name by the way, on my day off in a coffee stained tshirt and sweats.
As I said he was already assisting a young, well to do couple, with their young daughter (9-11 yrs old?
) looking to purchase her first guitar.
The parents said $ was no object yet he did not attempt to up sell them on something the little girl would have a hard time playing.
He instead honestly told them to spend more on her second guitar when the time comes, and convinced them that they need only spend $150-$200 on a beginners guitar package that came with an amp and was easier to play for a beginner than the adult professional acoustic guitars they were considering...even though the parents said they were more than willing to pay for a beautiful $1800 Martin their daughter picked out, that would most likely be discarded by the child within a few months anyway (like a toy) after discovering it took some serious time/effort and lessons to learn to play.
I don't have enough room in this review to tell you all about the great job he did with me as well in finding the right guitar for me, but I was most impressed by the way he handled the sale for this young girl and her parents.
He could have completely ripped them off and he did not because he is obviously an honest person who is there because he loves guitar.
Making $/commission was clearly not his primary focus.
He understood that they would be back for more expensive purchases the rest of her guitar playing days and that little girl may now grow up to be a great artist only because this salesman didn't make it an expensive hobby her parents may not continue to support if it was too costly and she didn't show immediate progress.
After seeing the character of this salesperson, I spent a lot more on the guitar I ended up buying because I had complete trust in this honest and talented guitar player/salesperson....and he had no idea I was paying close attention to the way he handled this family while I waited my turn.
I will only shop for future guitars at this location because I trust this salesperson...for the first time in 25 years!

I consider myself a music enthusiast rather than a musician.
However, I did used to play the bass guitar way back during high school and have been wanting pick it up again.
So I came here to look for an electric bass and amp.
The selection is great with low end to high end quality, new and used.
The sales staff is very knowledgeable and helped me choose the right one based on my experience and of course my budget too.

I've been in a few Guitar Centers in my day, but never in this one at Town Square.
When my husband and I entered I was quite surprised by the amount of instruments in here.
The place is set up as eye candy for a musician and even the every day folk as well.
You can wander the store and check out guitars, drum sets, pianos, keyboards, and mixing equipment.
The space is expansive, much bigger than you would believe from the outside.
The sales floor allows patrons to engross themselves in an instrument and be left alone by sales people.
While my husband and I were there we tried out several keyboards.
Guitar Center also does price matching, which is always a plus with retail stores.
They also offer a military discount.
My husband ended up purchasing a keyboard, stand, and a few beginners books here.
The sales person who helped us was nice because he was actually from the guitar area, not the keyboard area.
But when we were trying to get help from anyone in that area, no one was around.
So at least the employees here will go out of their way to help you.
Overall I'm a fan and would return just to browse and look even if I weren't buying anything.

everybody is friendly.
we are very comfortable.

So this place can get a little hectic but the staff is always happy to help you with anything you need.
I went in here to get a microphone and that ended up taking forever because the lady helping us had to help someone else first.
It was worth it though because she really knew what she was doing.
She gave us 3 different ones to try and set up the PA so we can see the difference in sounds.
The one she had recommended ended up being perfect for my voice and it was $50 cheaper than the one we originally were going to get.
I also got my in-ear monitor from here and they didn't have it in stock but were happy to order it for me.
Overall the staff is very friendly.
Just try to be patient on busy days and if you feel lost, which will happen, just ask for help.

was there to browse for my Home Studio build, kudos to Shana Golden for her professional opinion an assistance....brilliant..I left with a few needed items (quality stuff)..I shall return!

John A was amazing.
First I would also like to mention the fact the when I was in town last time Alon the manager took very good care of my nephew.
I can buy guitars online or in California.
John spent quality time helping me find the right guitar and made sure it was a smooth transaction.
No Nonsense, and in a good mood.
I normally do not buy guitars out of state but the customer service with John A  was amazing and worth having to wait for the guitar to come back to California.
Thanks John,   I will be back and buying more since I have family and friends in Nevada.
Great job, if you are looking for a great experience see John A,

I snapped my dad's Taylor's string and there wasn't a tech guy available to restring it.
It was an urgent situation and I needed to have it fixed ASAP since my dad had to clue about it.
Thankfully, Eric offered to do it on the spot and he took care of it along with oiling it and cleaning it all free of charge.
He's a life saver and I recommend going to him because he truly cares for his customers!
Since it was on the house, I bought a few more things that they suggested for the guitar which was convenient for a Father's Day present.
Thanks to the staff, I was able to walk out and breathe comfortably knowing I was able to get things done.
Thanks Eric!

Everytime I need something I come here & get shut down.
Items I need can only be ordered online or are no longer in stock.
Multi million dollar corporation can't keep my fave Sticks in stock they have to be ORDERED & also THEY treat women like idiots.
I once got the old , "Do you know a drummer?
"  When i purchased my drum gear.
F u!

Really enjoy this location!
Very helpful and friendly staff!

