Brilliant designer that comes with real ideas not recycled trends.
I can say that our project is developing into something way beyond what I ever imagined.
His follow through with suppliers is a huge benefit.
I can't imagine doing a project like this without him in my corner.

Rude People / Owners   All we got were glares from the three people working and we were never greeted.

Great store!
Eclectic, modern, new, and luxurious.
Anything from furnishings to interior design.
The designer offers personalized service with ideas and guidance for any type of style and taste!

This review is for the store not the designer or his talent.
I agree with the other reviewer that the customer service in the store needs to change.
The women behind the desk (who is the designers mother) looks miserable.
Never a hello, goodbye, or can I help you.
I like the furniture but hard to buy from someone that has no people skills.
FYI the designer   Ninush is not any better with his people skills a lot of same traits as his mother.
If he's using the store as a vehicle to attract interior design clients, he should fire his mom and bring in someone with people skills.

The rude lady behind the counter kept me from purchasing anything in this store.
When I asked her if she knew how much a certain item cost, she snidely remarked, "of course I know how much it costs, I put it there!
"  Okay...I guess if you have to ask how much an item is at this store, you can't afford it.
Hint taken and I was outta there!
Won't be back.

One word "bad" !
We were not very smart to give him money up front.
I am not so sure what kind of designer he is ... Bad experience !

My boyfriend and I had a great experience at the store.
We met the same lady everyone else did, the mom.
Maybe it was because she fell in love with our dog that we had with us, but she was very nice to us.
We talked to her about everything for an hour and even face timed with one of her friends from Israel.
She welcomed us and our puppy inside the store and we bought a beautiful console table and statue.
Will definitely be going back.

The store has interesting objects for sale.
However, the woman behind the counter was so rude, it dissuaded me from buying a console table there.
I took a business card as I walked out.
The lady literally chased after me and grabbed me by my wrist.
I assumed she thought I was stealing so I showed my hands, and she ripped the business card out of my hand and stormed off.
W O W. I've never been physically accosted by a salesperson before.
They need to fire her before they have a lawsuit on their hands.
Needless to say, I won't be returning.

I am so happy to have stumbled upon this gem of a store.
I love the selection and diversity it has to offer.
Everyone working there is wonderful and beyond helpful.
I look forward to returning to this store next time I am in town.

