Overall, not too bad!
Look, it's not the Ritz but neither is it trying to be.
I stayed here one night in early August, 2011 and although the hallways had a faint mildewy smell to them (might have come from the pool), I found my room to be comfortable, clean, and well-air conditioned.
This place has a pool and a complimentary breakfast, free wi-fi, and is only about 10 mins from downtown Madison.
It may look like a typical roadside hotel from the road, but, well...ok it is.
But it also is definitely one of the better ones in which i've stayed.
As much as one can be a fan of roadside hotels, I'm a fan.

Our team stayed here for Ragnar Relay Chicago 2014.
I didn't like it as much as Fairfield Inn & Suites Madison East or Fairfield Inn & Suites Madison West, but it got the job done and was conveniently located for the start of our race.
We did have some issue when we first arrived.
We were given room keys and told a room number.
We tried our key card and it didn't work.
When my roommate tried the lock, it wouldn't open.
The people at the front desk suggested she may have accidentally demagnetized the card by placing it near her phone.
We were issues new cards and they worked.
We went out to dinner and upon arrival found another Ragnar group waiting in the lobby because they couldn't get into their rooms either.
Apparently, we were in their rooms.
We discovered that they told us the wrong room number when they handed us the keys, so that's why they key cards didn't work.
The new keys did work, but we weren't supposed to be in that room and they were keeping the other group waiting instead of assigning them to our vacant room.
But it all was sorted out in the end and the hotel ended up comping a room for us.
The beds were not as comfy as other places I've stayed, but it wasn't bad and we were able to make use of many of the amenities.
I took full advantage of the breakfast bar in the morning.
It wasn't completely laid out when we woke up, but they had enough things ready that I was able to reheat my leftovers from dinner in their microwave and grab both a donut and banana for the road.
I'd be open to staying here again.
Next time I need to remember to bring a swimsuit.
They have a pool and it's open late!

Even with the construction right outside the property, the hotel was quiet.
I kept looking to find something wrong, but everything was clean and tidy.
The bed and pillows were very comfortable.
Great TV and channel selections.
I would definitely stay here again.

