Everything in this place is made in Arizona... how great is that?!
I know exactly where I'll be shopping for my out of state relatives this coming Christmas.
The owner was very friendly and was eager to tell the story behind all the artwork and local goodies in the store.
You could tell that opening this shop was a labor of love for the owners.
I hope they are busy and successful, because stores like this that support local artisans are only doing great things for our local economy!

Great place to take out-of-towners to buy souvenirs.
As a local, I was hoping for more.
I hope they step it up and bring in some items that you can't find at the corner drugstore.

The items in the store were very uniquely Arizonan, exactly what I wanted as souvenirs to bring home to California.
The employee knew the details of each of the items I purchased, and obviously took pride in having the items comprise the store's identity.
There are many different gifts - food, Native American crafts, jewelry, clothes, fountains, etc.
Seems like there is something for everyone.
At least in this store, 'made local' seems to mean 'high quality,' relative to foreign knick-knacks in the corner drug store.

I had to add an additional star since I stopped by here when we were downtown for the tree lighting last weekend.
They have added a lot of cool stuff from local artisans.
Pottery, paintings, and handmade candles and soaps.
This is a great place to shop for a gift for someone whether they are from out of town or not.
I was also really excited to see that they have started stocking a pretty decent selection of Arizona wines.
They only had about 25 bottles or so but all the best wineries from across the state were represented with what appeared to be their most popular bottles.
I didn't have time to check out the prices but it is surprisingly hard to find places that stock a good selection of local wines so I will definitely be shopping here often from now on.

Awesome, awesome place for Arizona food, accessories, art, clothing, jewelry, souvenirs, gifts etc.
All of the items in the store are produced by locals which makes it even better.
Support your local community.
The folks that work in the store are amazing.
We've had a  positive experience each time we're there.
Last night we showed up after they had closed.
Steve saw us outside, let us in and let us do the shopping we needed to do for our trip.
We highly recommend Sibley's West.

Really an awesome place to get unique gifts and items.
I host a large meeting each year and like to include a giveaway as a reminder of the event for the participants.
The staff at Sibley's is awesome to work with and always helps me find something great.
And when they've not had enough of something on hand, they've worked with the artist to get more for me.
I'll be back!

Absolutely a jewel!
Everything in the store is made by local Arizona artisans.
I stopped in on my way to the airport and am very glad that I did.
Beautiful shop!

Extraordinary range of items all interesting and unique.
Many gallery quality items from artists around Arizona.
It's easy to find the perfect gift for a friend, coworker or that family member back east.

