After yesterday's  big breakfast disappointment at dubs I was a little gun shy to try this place which I had never been to before but much to my chagrin I was extremely  pleased with my food and service I had the scramble with eggs sausage potatoes onions and toped with sausage gravy a real heart stopper .....literally but darn tasty hit the spot

I thought I wrote a review on this place but we will try this again this place sits in a half empty mall but it is a great down home breakfast spot but they also do lunch and dinner Service is good wends day and Friday are fish fry night  which we gave a whirl as well it was good but being from Seattle we have a tough time finding good seafood except at sushi restaurants we frequent this place is well worth a try

Service was good, food was hot and came out to us fast especially bring as busy as they were.
Great little place for breakfast.

Show up on Monday to place your order or Pasty's - pick up Tuesday.
Very good and love the brown gravy that goes with it!
Nice friendly people running this very busy establishment.
We're going to try breakfast there soon.

Food was good-chicken fried steak and eggs hit the spot.
Though, I felt extremely young being there.

Very.
Good fish sandwich and rhubarb pie.
2012

My girlfriend and I decided to swing on in and try this place out on a whim.
You wouldn't expect to find this lonely eatery among the few remaining establishments scattered along a long-vacated row of storefronts it shares in this once-thriving strip mall, but there it is!
And thank the heavens that this little gem has managed to ride out the last few years' financial turmoil and still be there to deliver good food at good prices to good people.
Maybe that's the real reason they're still around!
Inside, you are welcomed by a split dining room that is sparsely adorned and clearly outdated with a spattering of "Yooper"/upper-Michigan paraphenalia hung about, but that helps to reinforce the relaxed and comfortable attitude both the staff and menu display.
It's obvious that this establishment thrives on the elderly-oriented business from the various mobile home parks, assisted-living homes and retirement communities surrounding it.
Winter packs this place tight with "Snow Birds" at meal times, however, Red Mountain Cafe has something for everyone and the wait is never unreasonable.
My girlfriend and I are spirited young adults and even we found it to be a place we can relate to.
The menu is classic American comfort food all the way.
Totally an Eggs n' Bacon for breakfast, Sandwiches and Burgers for lunch type of affair with a few Americanized Mexican efforts tossed in (but not recommended).
This is where post-game golfers go to lounge with a refreshing coke in hand and debate whether Coleslaw is more American than Potato Salad while they both share a basket of Sweet Potato Fries!
All the food we have tried, aside from the Chimichanga, has been decent.
The Philly Cheesesteak, one of my favorite items on the menu, isn't what I'd call entirely "authentic", but it's a darn tasty interpretation using thick cuts of fresh Roast Beef and a buttered, toasted hoagie bun!
Prices are very reasonable.
Both Third-Pound and Half-Pound Burgers are available for the hungry and the hungrier.
Both the burgers and the decently-sized Sandwiches (not huge, but filling and tasty) range from $4-$7.
Most menu items outside of breakfast come with at least one generous side, with primary choices being Coleslaw, Potato Salad, French Fries or a Side Salad.
Various specials are posted on a board as you walk in and there is a Soup-of-the-Day available as well.
The quality of the ingredients is excellent and the taste of all items we have tried has been very good.
This isn't world-class dining by a long stretch, but better than the Denny's alternative!
Service is what you'd expect from a place where regulars are referred to by name and the overall value for your money (and time) is high!
If you can take a few minutes out of your day to enjoy this easy-going diner with horrible decor, I know you'll just love it!

Very good food.
I had the gyro and eggs.
My boyfriend had country fried steak and eggs.
All Very flavorful, not overly greasy.
Ice tea was good (something I always look for).
Cinnamon roll to share was 2.75 HUGE.
For that price you might as well give it a try.
It was pretty tasty!
Busy place yet service was still good.
If they let a little sunlight in the place it would improve the atmosphere a lot.

Delicious homecooked meals with excellent service and fair price.
Awesome place for breakfast or lunch.
Clean family cafe atmosphere.

Great fish fry on Wed & Fridays.
Just like the midwest!

Great fish fry on Wed & Fridays.
Just like the midwest!
They keep providing great food time after time ...
Please give them taste!

Delicious!
The staff is super friendly, the food is great, and they are quick!
Their cinnamon roll is amazing, but does have small pieces of cooked cinnamon apples.
Lunch was decent, but we mostly just go there for breakfast.

Great homemade meals.
Menu items are very affordable.
My husband and I are frequent visitors, I think everytime we're the only ones under 50.

Michigan anything fans, this is your breakfast place.
Really good breakfast selection, decent prices, and a very friendly staff.
Im pretty sure we were the youngest people in the restaurant, but I dont care.
Their food is GOOD.
My husband enjoyed a Belgiun waffle, bacon, and eggs while I had the morning mashup...i think thats what it was called.
It was basically a denver omelet w/ bacon mashed together w/ hash browns.
While it didnt look "pretty", it was delicious.
We'll definitely be visiting again when were in the east valley.

Great breakfast and service!
Warm, clean upbeat atmosphere.
Prompt and pleasant.

Was looking for a non-chain breakfast place in Mesa and picked Red Mountain Cafe based on the yelp ratings.
We were seated immediately and our waitress came over right away to take our drink order.
Whenever we ran low on coffee it was refilled promptly without having to ask for refills.
I had the bacon & eggs breakfast, and hubby had the veggie omelet.
Both were cooked perfectly and the hash browns were delicious as well.
The food arrived quickly after we placed our order.
All staff was very friendly and courteous.
Will definitely go back again and would recommend to anyone looking for a great breakfast place.

Went into this little cafe for breakfast one morning because it was close to where I was visiting in Mesa, AZ.
I love getting breakfast skillets because its a little of everything.
Here I got he country skillet without the gravy.
It wasn't anything special.
Didn't taste special or anything either.
My friend had the crunchy french toast and they looked soggy to me so I didn't try them.
He also had the corned beef hash which looked pretty good.
I gave this place 3 stars because there was good service but the food wasn't anything special.

So I do not usually go out to breakfast, however, this will be my spot from now on.
Great food, service and he location was close to home....perfect!
My country fried steak and eggs were good, a little smothered in gravy, but still good.
I highly suggest this place for an as close to home taste that you can not find at the '$ilver' chains or dennys.....good stuff.

This place takes you back in time.
Definitely dated decor and ambiance but works for its clientele and business objectives.
Was fun to be in an atmosphere where things arent hustle and bustle.
Customers were reading Sunday's paper, filling out cross word puzzles, working on craft projects...  Food was good enough, as expected with the price point and home-cooking feel.

Great place for breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner!
Very tasty food, with a classic homestyle taste.
Decor is ok, especially if you're from Michigan.
A little dark on one side of the restaurant for my taste, but comfortable.
Servers are a hit or miss, but their Friday fish fry is to die for!

The hallmark of a great café is when you never see the bottom of your coffee cup.
It could have been purple here for all I know.
Maybe it was because I was so enjoying the food that the coffee level never dipped below half way.
We came here for breakfast mainly because it was reviewed so highly on Yelp.
I was not disappointed.
The café has an upper Michigan theme, evident from the big banner on the wall with the outline of the upper peninsula and the word "Yooper" on it.
I'm from Wisconsin and know a lot of Yoopers there, but haven't met any here.
This café is proof they are alive and well here as well.
The service was excellent.
We were seated immediately, and our food was on our table in short order.
I was surprised as it was a Sunday morning.
I ordered the "morning mix up".
This was a combination of scrambled eggs, hash browns, ham, green peppers, onions, and cheese baked to perfection.
As I said, I'm from Wisconsin, so I know a little about cheese.
This was real cheese not the cheap imitation junk some places use.
Almost every bite was connected to the next by a long melted string of cheese.
They have pasties on Tuesdays which I'm definitely going to try.
The best pasty I ever had was from the UP.
Thank you fellow Yelpers for recommending this place so highly.
I think I found another favorite go to restaurant at Red Mountain Café.

Oh yelp you steered me wrong!
Before I begin it should be known that I AM a yooper from the upper peninsula in Michigan and grew up with nothing but small "ma and pa" diners.
Stick to your rib, no frills, just good hearty food was the norm for me, so I was excited to try this place.
Moreover a restaurant owned by people from my neck of the woods was so appealing to me, and being a bit homesick, I dragged my hubby there this morning.
What a disappointment.
They were a little busy as to be expected on a Sunday, and we ignored the fact that a gentleman who came after us was seated first, but I think it struck a subconscious cord with us.
Again, to be fair, there was a huddle of people by the register, how were they to know?
We were seated pretty quickly which was nice, but we had about four different waitresses throughout, none particularly pleasant because they were so quick and rushed.
And I was disappointed that my attempt for small talk with our main waitress was rebutted.
Damn, wanted to talk about Michigan but she had no clue where the owners were from (though there were "yooper" flags all over.
Now the food.
Corned beef hash was from a can (we were warned by our waitress) and my biscuits and gravy were dry with meatless gravy.
Wonderbread toast, undercooked scrambled eggs and just weak coffee just made this breakfast heartbreaking.
I really really hate to post this review.
I am nowhere near a food snob or picky for that matter, but this was sad.
Even the canned hash would be forgiven if there was flavor added (hell I grew up on the stuff).
But we were left with upset tummies and even worse, wasted time.
At least it was less that 30 bucks, but I would've paid double for a good meal and nice time.

I came back here for a pasty on Tuesday, as Tuesday is the only day you can get one.. A pasty is a pie crust pastry filled with meat and potatoes and other vegetables.
It's like a pot pie in a pastry pocket.
I had these as a kid when I lived in northern Wisconsin.
This was a traditional staple in the early 1900s for the miners in upper Michigan.
The miners would brag about whose wife made the best pasty.
I'll bet the ones from this place would have taken the prize.
As always the hostess sat us immediately and the waitress was right there to take our drink order.
When I got my pasty It was hot out of the oven.
When I cut it open steam rose out of it filling the air with the delicious aroma I had remembered as a kid.
It was quite large, but I savored every bite (what I could eat of it)      If you go it is recommended that you call ahead or come in early because they go quickly and they only make just so many for the day.
They start serving at 11:00 am until they are gone.

I had the chicken fried steak and it was awesome.
I am VERY picky when it comes to chicken fried steak and this was 5 star.
My friend had steak and eggs, and it was done perfect.
I have not tried dinner or lunch but the breakfast is amazing.
Everything is made from scratch.
The service is 5 star.
I will definitely be back!

One of our favorite places when we want a good, no frills, casual, come as you are atmosphere with friendly faces and service that is outstanding!!!!!
Food is good too and I've yet to have one of their cinnamon rolls.
They look so amazing I'm afraid if I had one, I'd immediately go into a coma!!!!
This is really a CUTE little place!

Delicious breakfast!
Homemade food is the best!
We had omelets, pancakes, and French toast with all the sides (sausage, bacon, and hash browns).
Everyone left full and happy.

Red Mountain Cafe makes me sad.
I wanted to like this place and love supporting local restaurants - but my entire experience was so disappointing.
It took about 30 minutes for a waitress to take our order.
She was very friendly, which I must say was the only plus.
I ordered a corned beef sandwich and my friend ordered the cheese quasedilla.
My sandwich was about an inch tall top to bottom, with soggy bread and some weird congealed mystery meat patty, which I'm guessing was from a can.
It had a greyish color to it and was cold.
Also there was NOTHING on the sandwich except for the bread and the canned meat.
Not even mustard like the menu said.
My friends quasedilla was so greasy he said he could "oil a car for months" with the grease.
It stinks because the staff is so very friendly.
But a LOT of work in needed on the management side of things - especially with the cooks.
:( Will not be back.

I really have no clue why this place has a four star Yelp rating.
Typically the choices I make based on reviews are pretty spot on.
First time/last time visit Saturday morning for brunch.
When our party arrived we waited roughly ten minutes not too bad and the place seemed rather full.
Decor is extremely outdated and the restaurant is very dirty.
After we were seated we quickly realized that the reason the place was packed is because the service is terribly slow.
Took 10 minutes to get our initial drinks.
At that time we placed our orders.
45 minutes later we received our food.
Everyone in the party except for myself ordered breakfast.
I was told only the gravy was good everything else was bland.
I ordered the Reuben sandwich which was greasy, bland, and featured obviously canned sauerkraut.
The French fries were not seasoned what so ever.
I forgot to mention that my five year old sons food did not arrive with everyone elses.
We assumed they would be right back with it.
Ten minutes later when our waitress walked by I mentioned it and she did apologize but come on!!
Highly recommend going to another establishment.
I will never return.

This breaks my heart but after our experience tonight we will never be back to the Red Mountain Café.
First let me say until the last three months my fiance' and I were frequent diners here (6 or more times for lunch a month and dinner 2-3 times a month) we liked the food and great prices.
It was a favorite lunch spot for us and we overlooked the dated interior and less than stellar cleanliness in the front end of the restaurant.
The awesome ladies who served us knew us by our first names and even our "regular" orders when we came.
They made up for any negatives.
In the last few months however everything has changed here.
Service and food quality have gone completely downhill.
When the "Help Wanted" notice for line cooks, dishwashers and other employee's was plastered in the middle of the entrance door when we arrived at about 6:00pm tonight we almost left and should have.
Tonight was the final disappointment.
I'll keep this short...I tried something new and relied upon the menu that described the dish.
My "Pork Tenders" dinner came out as an overcooked chewy frozen preformed pork patty.
It was not an actual "pork steak" as described in the menu that was hand breaded and fried.
The Mexican Corn side dish that came out with it was cold, the canned brown gravy was barely warm and almost congealed.
The only edible thing on my plate ended up being my baked potato and although it was small I made that my entire meal.
My fiancé's Ground Sirloin Dinner was a bigger disappointment if that is even possible.
He ordered the meat cooked Medium Well to Well.
When it arrived it appeared alright on the outside however upon cutting into the serving the outer edges were medium and the center rare.
Again our server never came back and finally since we were in the front of the restaurant I called the cashier\hostess over 20 minutes later because I could finally get her attention and complained heartily sending the remainder of both meals back.
The cost of my meal was removed from our bill by the owner as it should have been.
When the owner INSPECTED my fiance's half eaten meal he had the server come and tell us since he had eaten the outer somewhat cooked edge of the meat (out of hunger) that meal was "half eaten" and we would receive no compensation.
No offer of a dessert on the house, or for something else to be prepared.
We paid the remaining bill and we both left the restaurant hungry and stopped and got a sandwich on the way home.
After previously finding hair in the salad served to us three months ago and other issues we will not return here again.
We found out our server was actually a line cook that had worked at the café for three years and he was in the dining room working as a server.
God knows who knows who was actually cooking!
Since he never came back after he finally delivered our food we could not lodge a complaint early on or get drink refills but it would not have mattered.
The owner obviously has lost control of his kitchen and food quality standards.
The restaurant will go on serving mediocre food at best and will stay busy due to the "Winter Visitor\Senior" regulars that come in during the winter months but after Easter when times get lean at this small café they will have to do with two less year round regulars who help carry them through the summer months.
I am sad and angry all at the same time over our treatment this evening.

I really like this place.
A good variety menu and low prices.
But, today's  corned beef and cabbage was not their signature dish.
I was disappointed.
But I will return because their meat loaf and chicken fried stead are very good.

Came here on a Tuesday morning for breakfast.
I ordered the Morning Mix-up, which really hit the spot.
Just enough food to fill you up without overeating.
The wait staff was very attentive and we got plenty of refills on our iced tea.
The décor was nothing special, just some hometown Michigan university and Big Ten in general pennants and license plates.
We will definitely go back here for breakfast again.

Would give this place no stars if possible.
Went on a Friday night for all- you-can-eat fish fry.
Put in my name for 15 minute wait for a table.
After half an Hr wait my husband went to check on our table only to find that they had scratched our names and given our table to someone else.
After another wait we were finally seated.
Took another half Hr to get our food...the special for heaven's sake.
Fish was dry as shoe leather.
Inedible for sure.
Only thing edible was the baked potato.
Guess they started the food when we signed in for the table & just kept it warm until we were allowed to eat it over an hour after entering their establishment.
We were charged full price, no offer of free dessert for our inconvenience, no apology, just business as usual for them I guess.
We were also told that they made true yooper pasties.
Other than no rutabaggies, they were great, you just have to order ahead.
No problem, except they stop making them in March so when I called ahead last week, I was told they aren't making them anymore.
News flash...all eating Arizonans don't flock north for the summer.
Some of us ex yoopers are here year round & support local restaurants all year!
Poor customer service, poor food quality,  this place has been one disappointment after another.
It's definitely a pass for us, we won't be back.

My coworker and I come here enough I think by now to type up a solid review.
We normally order take out during breakfast hours to eat at work when we are starving and loving everything from this establishment.
The prices are crazy reasonable and will come back because of the fact.
It is worth every penny and it's nothing to say wow their food is amazing, but for the price I will come back time and time again.
My coworker and I get the same thing every time.
Steak and eggs with has browns for me potatoes for her and I always get the raisin bread and she gets the pancakes.
The pancakes are pretty good even if they are cold and have been sitting for a bit.
I know that sounds a bit gross but when you work in a high volume place with no breaks except a 30 minute lunch in between it's nice to have little bites every once in awhile as a snack.
Before going to work today we decided to stop and eat there for once since we had a little bit of time.
Everything went fine, fast and smooth and no complaints what so ever.
The staff was beyond pleasant and that's always nice to have eating out.

We went to this restaurant because of the four-star rating.
The first thing that I noticed when we walked in was a huge stain on the hostesses shirt.
The restaurant to split into two sides.
Both sides have very old outdated booths and freestanding tables.
The hostess wanted to seat us next to the door when you first walk in bad choice !!!!!
First of all this is Mesa Arizona, every time that door opened 110 of heat came in.
Not a good way to keep customers happy.
We move to a booth where when I sat down there was basically no cushion.
My bottom hits the hard flat surface that the cushion was supposed to protect you from.
Our waitress was nice served us our coffee very fast but then decide to scream across the restaurant to tell a customer she had in the past about her masters degree she's getting over the Internet.
The food was average, I really liked my coffee and my toast.
My omelette was semi-warm.
my husband liked his breakfast, but he is a goat and will eat anything.
I don't think we will be going back.

We went to this restaurant because of the four-star rating.
The first thing that I noticed when we walked in was a huge stain on the hostesses shirt.
The restaurant is split into two sides.
Both sides have very old outdated booths and freestanding tables.
The hostess wanted to seat us next to the door when you first walk in, bad choice !!!!!
First of all this is Mesa Arizona, every time that door opened 110 degrees of heat comes in.
Not a good way to keep customers happy.
We move to a booth where when I sat down there was basically no cushion.
My bottom hits the hard flat surface that the cushion was supposed to protect you from.
Our waitress was nice served us our coffee very fast but then decide to scream across the restaurant to tell a customer she had in the past about her masters degree she's getting over the Internet.
The food was average, I really liked my coffee and my toast.
My omelet was semi-warm.
my husband liked his breakfast, but he is a goat and will eat anything.
I don't think we will be going back.

Average cafe.
Small not much seating but great lemon meringue pie!

