A nice little casino lobby Starbucks with never much of a waiting line.
That is a rarity these days...being able to go right up to the counter and place your order.
The staff here is always very nice and they always get your order right.
They also offer some pastries and goodies that most of the other Starbucks locations don't usually stock and offer, so that's another plus.
The prices here, along with the food court one, are a tad bit higher than your usual run of the mill location.
But that's what one should pretty much expect when inside a nice casino.
There's no seating, you just get your coffee and go.
But that's fine with me, I'm usually here after getting a meal or before hitting the casino floor to do a little gambling.
In either case I'm ready to grab my cup and go.

Every casino food court needs a Starbucks, and this one in Red Rock's food court does not disappoint.
You'll find all your familiar and favorite drinks here, and their pastry section is actually bigger and offers more than most other Starbucks.
The prices are a little more, but it's in a casino so that's just part of the game I suppose.
Sometimes the line gets pretty long...it's in the heart of the casino and food court so that's pretty much to be expected I suppose.
But the workers are all nice and efficient so they keep the line moving smoothly.

I have to give this place five stars coffee is great service is great and there always right on top of everything.
Would I recommend it to friends and family of course next time your at the red rock stop by and experience the same.

Its in a good location for a quick pick me up.
But its pricier than other Starbucks.

I am a Starbucks fan for sure, but this location is certainly not worth your time!
Eek!
I visited this Starbucks and ordered my usual drink...Big mistake!
Bad customer service, nasty employees, long line and massively over priced!
The employees roll their eyes and sigh, the female employees often run around with their hair sloppily falling out of ponytails or braids.
The employees seem annoyed that they should have to take your order.
I would suggest purchasing your Starbucks before or after your trip to Red Rock Casino.
1 Star.

I was so tired and just wanted a green tea latte instead of a cocktail, and lo and behold, there was Starbucks, like a green beacon of light with her mermaid tail shimmering in the sea.
The workers were both really nice and made my drink perfectly to order and nice and hot.
It kept me awake while watching a four hour baseball game in Yard House.
Yes, it is a little more expensive here than freestanding Starbucks, but what are you going to do?
Located off the casino floor and pretty convenient to the rest of the place.

A lot quicker than the Charleston location, minus a drive-thru.
Very nice people working, with each time I've gone.
Might stop by more often.
It is my nearest location...

I'm grateful for this Starbucks location especially if I'm going to the movies after a long day at work, I need the caffeine.
The down side is the staff isnt very friendly.
The barista gave me the death stare.
Umm sorry you're having a bad day mr. Barista man?

This is not the most efficient location, as far as getting the drinks out in a timely manor, but it will do.
It's located close enough to the sports book that you can load up on caffeine while your watching the game.
Oh, as usual, you should expect to pay more because this location is inside a casino.

So awesome to have two Starbucks in the same casino!!
Talk about heaven!!
The line can get pretty long so I would go there early.
The workers are polite as in all Starbucks and my tall no foam latte was perfect as always.
One thing is that they have pastries but no breakfast sandwiches so I was bummed about that.
I try to do a high protein breakfast and I got none of that in this Starbucks.
But I still love them!

I don't even want to give this star.
I'm a local here and couldn't believe the people they had working here.
I went down to have some coffee before hitting the spa this morning.
I wanted to refill my gold card but I didn't think they could do that so I asked anyways.
Always better to ask, right?
Well the lady who helped me had said no and the the lady next to her proceeded to mock me in front of me!
I thought to myself oh well I would hate to be up this early and dealing with tourists.
But as they were making my coffee it seemed to be every customer was getting very poor service.
In the end my coffee was completely wrong.
And i do understand it's a "fast" coffee place but being a gold card holder I have been to many Starbucks.
Aria Starbucks workers know me by name and order.
They are absolutely wonderful!
So I am inclined to leave my review because it was pretty horrible.
Be warned!

