Just wanted to send a shout out for the guys at this location....because I noticed it wasn't on the yelp page here....so now it is.
Hey yelpers the guys at this place are totally awesome....and if you go there and give them your business you will be real glad you did.
They are fairly new in this area....and they may get overlooked at times because the are in a shopping area right off cactus road near the Wal-mart.....but trust me they do good work....and the customer service is top notch.
So if you are having car problems or just need an oil change....give these guys a shot.
Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!

We took our Jeep Commander into these folks, based on shopping around.
We looked at everyone and for tires, they were absolutely the lowest.
The location was amazingly clean and well layed out.
They had the biggest tire selection in the area.
They were running a special to include 4 free oil changes too!
If all this wasn't enough, we went in and requested the wrong tire size, they cautioned us and installed them as requested.
Then we realized they were rubbing and went back and they immediately without any questions changed them to what they should have been.
The service we received was amazing, best I have ever gotten for auto repair.
Prices were reasonable and the location is very convenient.
They get busy, so get there early, but you can't go wrong here.
Oh and I shot an email to corporate and Jerry Fletcher Jr. personally responded!
I have a new home for all my auto care.

I've been a good customer at Fletcher's and when my 2002 Explorer wasn't handling properly I took it in.
I told them that I was tight on funds and just wanted things made right as inexpensively as possible.
They told me I needed new struts all around and new control arms.
$1700+.
I took it to a friend and he pointed out that the control arms are fine (he showed me how to tell) and he pointed out that the rear struts are strong (there was no excess rocking or bounce!).
I did some research and he was right!
I ordered the front struts and installed them myself for $240.
Thanks Fletcher's for your crap estimate.
I won't be back.

Groupon Groupies Beware!!!!
Good luck getting a simple oil change at this location.
I'm cheap so I want to use my Groupon for 3 oil changes.
First they ask that you call in first thing each day in the  morning which i did, several times, same answer "were booked" but if you drop your car we will get to it.
So I finally decided to drive there and drop my vehicle off, this time the guy said, oh, we are not taking any more today.
WTF?
So I asked how long does it normally take if they do take my car.
Answer: 1 to 3 hours.
Really?
for an Oil Change?
BTW I drive a car not a Semi.
Hopefully Groupon can refund my $$  from this jokers.

DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE!!
They put 4 new tires on my car instead of 2 and it took 5 hours.
Instead of crediting me or fixing it right then, because they did not have time, gave me coupons for a free oil change.
I brought my car in for an oil change at 8:30 in the morning and at 10:30 it was still parked in their lot untouched.
They lack professionalism and are extremely rude to customers.

Came in today and Jacob hooked us up on fixing a flat when we thought for sure needed a new tire.
No charge!

Just wanted to let you all know that CORY is back.....wohooooo....I didn't mention him by name when I wrote my original review.
He had left for awhile to go and manage another location and the service level went down just a notch.....I still continued to let the other guys do work on my trucks because they are very good at what they do.
However with Cory back there is a just a whole new confident feeling that once you leave your car....truck.....SUV....motorcycle.....etc.....you know it will be properly taken care of.
So if your in need of ANY repairs....Cory is the guy to see.
Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!

A fan of Fletcher's Auto but love the educated mechanics on staff there!
They really know their stuff.
Occasionally they are short staffed, but they always get the job done right with the correct part.

Glad to be another good review.
More business coming their way as they were friendly, offered solid service recommendations and didn't push the up sell.
Was very easy to use my Groupon.
Make sure you read the 'fine print' since Groupon and the location let you know of 4x4 and other up charges ahead of time.
Great Groupon got me oil change tire balance/rotation and a complete single axle brake job for $69.
Upcharges brought about $75 more out of pocket, but you'd pay more than that $144 just for the brakes alone.
Long and short of it is, this place is the real deal.

My boyfriend has been a long-time customer of the cactus location, working with Larry and his crew.
But he had an older Honda (out of warranty) and I have a two-year old Kia Forte 5-door, so I figured I'd have to keep going to the dealer (Mark Kia) for service or run the risk of voiding my warranty.
Wrong!
After driving too far, paying too much, for service I wasn't even sure I actually needed, I decided to give Larry's place a try.
From the first phone call, he answered all my many questions and concerns.
I came in on a Friday afternoon and left my car there for Saturday.
They did an oil change and air filter change.
Larry informed me that if they ever found anything big that was covered by the Kia warranty, they would tell me so I wouldn't have to pay for it.
Perfect.
Because of Mark Kia spraying a replacement cabin filter last May with some kind of nasty disinfectant that made everyone cough and gag, I had to throw it out and had nothing in there.
Larry said I really needed one, he and his crew put a new one in, no sprays, and it is great!
They checked the car from top to bottom and gave me a true idea of where everything is at, service-wise.
Cory, who checked my car in and out, was courteous, smart, kind and very professional.
Could not have been a better experience a the desk and with the work itself.
And I didn't have to sit and smell stale popcorn and listen to receptionist's blather either (like at Mark Kia).
Thank you  Larry, Cory, and crew!!!
When the time comes for more service, I'll be back!

If their customer care in person is like how they DO NOT answer their phones at all, buyer beware You wont be able to reach a human.

I believe that finding a great mechanic with quality customer service these days is like finding a needle in a haystack.
Driving to Phoenix from CA my check engine light came on somewhere out in no-mans land.
So scary, yet I somehow managed to make it the rest of the way there and just days before Christmas, when I needed my car the most, I had to leave it to be fixed.
Because it was a diesel, my options were limited.
I chose Fletchers because I've done business with them for years and my father for years before me.
Cory, the manager, is one of the most honest people I've come across in the business.
He has high integrity and will do what is right for his customer.
That is such a rare and valued quality and I'm sure his principles trickle down to the rest of his staff.
I so very much appreciate the customer service at this Fletcher's location.
I brought my car in early on a Saturday morning and was told they'd have to order the needed part and that I would get it back by end of day Tuesday, Christmas eve.
I was so bummed not to have the car over the holidays.
And much to my surprise, they not only fixed what was needed for a fair price, but finished it a day early.
NOW that is something to write home about, under promise and over deliver.
I left a very happy customer indeed.
And a special note for all you friggin' cheapos out there giving bad ratings because you didn't get through on the phone on an off day or complaining about your damn Groupon coupons - wake up and get a life.
We all work hard for a living.
Even companies like Fletchers have to earn money to pay their bills and their workers!
Buying a coupon doesn't entitle you to to have a business drop everything for your oil change.
Put it in perspective people - put yourself in their shoes and think how you'd feel if you were the shop accepting all the coupons, doing great work for a fair price and having dirtbags like you complain about it!

Came in for $250 worth of work and an inspection.
Came in the check engine light on and left with it still on.
It was over looked they said sorry.
And now I'm right back here looking at spending more money.
I'd rather they didn't rush and get the work done right!

Zero stars.
They will scam you for every dollar they can.
Groupon is useless if they charge 3x as much as else where for a brake job!
Beware amd do your research.

The team there really takes the time to fix things right the first time.
This is not "quick" repair place, give them the time they need to repair it right the first time...
So many impatient people reviews here

About as good an experience as car repair can be.
Clean and comfortable waiting space (with free WiFi!
) and straightforward, honest price on a window repair.

