This is a newer LA Fitness and located on the corner of University & Stapley.
I regularly go to 6 different LA Fitnesses each week and this is the best of all of them.
The machines are top of the line with an entire row + of treadmills.
Each has a digital readout and a television if you want to watch while running.
The spin room is amazing with the instructor on the floor and multiple rows of bikes in a stadium seating layout.
I go for the Tuesday 5:45 zumba with Scheyla.
Get there early because the room gets filled to capacity each week.

Pros: spacious, state of the art equipment, multiple pieces of common equipment, clean work out floor, clean locker rooms, affordable Cons: single story, no "big tire", no kettlebell weights, cold room temp Overall a great gym for the price, just wish they had a tire and kettlebell weights.

Typical big box gym, no kettlebells no bumper weights just the traditional stuff, can't fault the price and they have a pool.
Cant justify spending lots of $$ on a gym membership.

I guess this place is decently clean, and not overly packed.
I can always find a machine.
But...I don't like being watched when I'm doing some stupid move in a class, so booo for the open glass classroom.
I've never really had anyone look up from the desk to greet me when I walk in the door.
There's always a few people up there chatting instead of greeting members.
And when I tried to call and cancel, I have to come in between 9-5 (I work 8-5) or you have to print out a form & mail it in.
What happened to technology or convenience?

Customer service at this location is atrocious.
After a work out session my work out partner and I were stopped and questioned by a manager with headphones, t-shirt and shorts at the front desk regarding whether or not my partner (we are both members) was training me.
He was aggressive and we both felt quite embarrassed.
We asked to have the conversation in his office since there were members coming in and out of the club.
He refused.
We have since canceled our membership.
In addition the club is dirty.
There was a banana peel by the squat racks for nearly 2 weeks.
The women's bathroom has not been cleaned in a long, long, long time.
The staff is usually talking and texting at the front desk.
Poor customer service usually stems from bad management and lack of accountability.
Avoid this gym if you can.

This is a must read   This place Sucks!
If there were a zero rating it would be deserving.
My Roommate and I were greeted at the door with an employee named Griffin.
Introductions were in order  we sat down and at this point  I just wanted to take a look at the gym to see what was available.
Griffin was not having it!
He ignored my request and wanted to continue with my goals.
Told him  I just wanted to do cardio and to lose weight.
I asked to see the gym before we discussed prices so I have a better idea what I was looking at.
Griffin was not having it.
"I want to get to know you" I asked" Can you get to know me after the tour?
"  Griffin was not having it.
I told him you are not listening to your guest or your customer.
He did not care and still wanted to continue with his scripted speech and still wanted to still get to know me.
It was not until I stood up ready to leave  that he said OK you can go ahead and take a  look yourself.
I went on a tour of the gym myself and roommate with no help from Griffen.
Came back and he wanted to know our height and weight and we just wanted to know more about prices.
Finally having enough I got up to leave because he wanted to do what he wanted ,and not the request of his guest.
My roommate stayed behind and thanked him for his time.
I waited in the lobby having lost patients with Griffin  when Griffen said to my roommate.
"He is pretty hostile, referring to me " and asked "ARE YOU GUYS GAY?
"  I could not believe anyone would say such a thing and to make such a remark.
I told Griffin he had not heard the last of this and was going to contact the manager.
(Nick by the way) I am wondering what manager would ever have anyone representing his gym in such an unprofessional manner.
This guy was not cut out for a customer service position at all.
It would be a cold day in hell before I recommend this place.

LA Fitness is all about the hard sell.
You can't use a free trial without first being pushed into a contract by their vulture-like high pressure sales team.
They usually require an "orientation" before letting you use the pass, which consists of you sitting through the pitch, and then being required to disclose your personal info so they can continue to solicit  should you choose not to sign up.
They truly try to bully you into an on-the-spot no contract reading sign up.
And once signed up, they only allow you to cancel by mail.
After you've passed this first hurdle, expect to see them circling again soon after to sell you on PRO Results personal training.
They market it as a complimentary training session to give you pointers to better your experience, take your body composition, and help you set your training goals.
However, in reality, it's just another high pressure hour long sales pitch.
Honestly, their incredibly high pressure tactics are worse than any dealership I've ever been to.
It's a decent gym, but it's hard to feel good about going there when you're shamelessly bullied into it.
Thinking things over or taking your contract home to look over are just not options here.
Be sure you've done your research and committed before you even walk in the door.

Terrible gym horrible staff I HAD TO CANCEL MY BANK ACCOUNT TO STOP RECURRING DUES.
I'm 40 Lbs over weight and the manger asked me if I was a trainer and Harrassed me for showing MY WIFE what we needed to do that day.
Always feel uncomfortable there I live across the street but I'm going to 24 hour fitness off Dobson now and couldn't be happier.

This place is amazing!
I have been coming daily since the club opened, and have never met a more friendly or amazing staff.
The club is always clean, and I can count on the front desk for help with anything I need.
I'd recommend this place to everyone!

Not a bad spot to go too...  Staff is nice very spacious single story gym hardly ever busy weights and machines are new up to day and they the sickest juice bar there ran by a nicest lady named Stephanie.....
Better priced (5$ any shake!!
) then most juice bars at other locations and quick when your on the go!

This place is alright.
Its not the best but its not bad.
I think what i hate the most is when the staff harasses you about getting a trainer.
Its like, damn not everyone can afford one, or sometimes people just wanna do their own thing.
Anyway its not too crowded and its pretty spacious.
Love the classes and the machines are new and up to date.
As long as you know how to avoid the harassment of getting a trainer, this place is pretty good.

I'm pretty far from Mr. Universe but I actually think this gym is great.
I've belonged to a lot of gyms over the years.
Gold's.
24.
Little neighborhood gyms too.
I've even checked out other LA Fitness locations but this is my favorite gym.
It's got a mixed crowd, lots and lots of space, I've never had to wait to use any of the equipment, and I've always found the staff to be really friendly.
I've been going here for 5 years but I just started taking some of the classes and I have to say Im impressed.
I thought I would have to pay more in addition to my membership to get something really high quality but that's not the case.
I prefer to go to the gym in the morning but I've been here late at night too and although the crowd changes throughout the day I've never felt uncomfortable here.
I would recommend this gym to anyone - whether you're a bodybuilder or someone who is just looking to use the pool.
They have everything here, including a good atmosphere.

