Hands down the best dental office in Tempe!
My uncle was my dentist growing up so I was super spoiled by great care and attention, so when he retired it was difficult finding a place I liked as much and felt I could trust.
Dr. Young is so easy-going and not pushy like other dentists can be.
His team is super nice, they treat you like family.
So far I had one small cavity filled there and it took a total of 20 minutes--repeat, 20 minutes--from start to finish, and I haven't had any issues with it.
I have referred no less than 5 people to their office now and every single one has had a great experience like mine.
I know so many people that just stick with their dentists because it's what they know, that comfort factor.
But if you are the type of person that values your time, likes modern conveniences and still wants that element of a "hometown" feel, this is your place.
TAKE THE LEAP--IT'S WORTH IT!

Excellent dental hygiene service and comfortable with NO novocaine injections, yeah!
The staff (dental hygienist, dentist, receptionist handling dental plans) explained very well the course of action I can take prioritizing what teeth needed immediate action and which ones I could do later to pay within my means.
I had not been to a dentist in 7 years so there were so many pleasant surprises to make the cleaning procedure comfortable.
And you can't beat the $39 general cleaning price!
So, after my problem tooth taken care of, I'll definitely be coming back every 6 months for a general cleaning to avoid having problem teeth or gums in the future : )

I love this office!
The customer service is incredible.
The front desk staff is very friendly, make a real effort to get to know each patient (Ponica, one of the main front desk staff people, is especially wonderful; she greets people by name when they walk in, asks how you're doing and remembers things about you from last time to follow up, making you feel like they really care about you).
The other staff are wonderful too, very friendly and great at making you feel comfortable.
The office uses modern technology; just about everything is electronic, eliminating paper waste and streamlining all of the services.
The x-rays are digital, using 90% less radiation than old-style x-rays, as well as pictures that show up real-time on a screen in front of you, and the staff encourage you to ask questions and are great at answering them.
They also have computer aided techniques that ensure greater accuracy, as well as making all of your past history easily accessible so they can click on your appointment years ago and see what was done, instead of having to search through a paper record.
You also get to see it on the monitor in front of you, which means greater transparency and opportunity to ask questions, which they always answer.
Heather, the hygienist, is AMAZING.
She is very friendly, also makes an effort to get to know you and make you feel comfortable, and is GREAT at what she does.
She explains processes and reasoning for things to you, makes accommodations to make it pleasant for you, and doesn't guilt you about not flossing (she does her best to encourage you without making you feel bad).
She is very sensitive to what might cause you discomfort, and finds an alternative way whenever possible.
I feel that she really cares about my teeth, and her passion translates into great quality work.
Dr. Subramanian is a kind, soft person.
When I first started with her, she seemed a little stand-off-ish, and I didn't feel as personally connected with her.
However, after a few appointments (possibly due to her getting used to the place and increased comfort with patients) she became very friendly and interactive.
She does a fantastic job of explaining how dental things work in a way that a layman could understand, and makes sure she explains until you understand, never leaving you unsure.
The office is sensitive to the financial burden that dental work can pose, so they really help prioritize work that NEEDS to be done and others that should, but if you can only afford one, do this even if it's not the more expensive one.
I never felt that they used superfluous procedures to get more money.
Any procedures are well explained and they don't pressure you to do things you don't want to or can't afford, and they will make clear if you really need it.
They were also accommodating to my financial situation and allowed me to split a payment over two months to help ease the burden.
The CAD/CAM process for cavities and other problems is incredible; instead of using terrible silver amalgam fillings, they will use a tooth colored ceramic composite for smaller cavities.
For larger cavities in which they have to create a large space, or for replacements of problematic amalgams, they use computer-aided drafting/computer-aided machining to carve a piece of resin that fits perfectly into the space, looks exactly like a real tooth, and will not cause problems like amalgams do.
The process was FASCINATING and they do it in front of you, and Dr. Subramanian was gracious in answering my many, complicated questions.
Any issues I had with fillings not fitting right, they adjusted right away and follow up each time to make sure there are no problems.
As a Smile Generation approved office, they have financial options like the dental plan where you pay a fee and then get services for discount, which is great for people that don't have insurance.
Some of the procedures are still expensive, but I had the plan for a year and ended up saving more than the fee I paid, so it was worth it.
They also accept insurance, and most of my procedures are covered now with no or little cost to me.
They often have deals and coupons, for certain procedures, which is really nice if you were planning to get a filling done, they'll tell you if next month it will be on sale, and have you schedule for that month.
The coupons aren't because they're sketchy or questionable, you still get the very high quality services.
This office, with its amazing staff and wonderful technology, really make you feel like you belong there.
I would never go to another dentist if I don't have to; I live in Central Phoenix and drive out to Tempe just for these appointments, because the experience is worth it to me.
I absolutely recommend this office!

Competent dentists and technicians, but disturbing dishonesty and bill padding.
I had two small fillings required.
They wanted me to pay over $1,000 after insurance for custom made Cerec inserts.
I asked them why, and they told me that they refuse to do amalgam because of the mercury content, and that best practices today are to not use amalgam, which I could confirm at the ADA web site.
Well, I refused the treatment and went home and looked it up, and here is what I found on the ADA web site: "Dental amalgam is considered a safe, affordable and durable material that has been used to restore the teeth of more than 100 million Americans"..."Dental amalgam has been studied and reviewed extensively, and has established a record of safety and effectiveness".
Full web page at: http://www.ada.org/1741.aspx

I love this dental office.
The staff is efficient, the technology and dental techniques are state of the art, and all of the procedures are explained prior to beginning treatment.
I have had a root canal, crowns, gum grafts, cleanings, and fillings replaced, all with precision and proper pain management.
I believe my oral hygiene is the best it's ever been...and I'm pretty particular about my teeth.

I was having tooth pain & needed to find a better dentist than my old one.
Boy was I lucky to find these folks.
I have a freakishly small mouth plus TMJ & tight jaw muscles... dentist trips have not been pleasant in the past.
However, I was able to find very patient, understanding staff here who worked with me on giving me breaks to rest my jaw & never seeming bothered by it.
Candace is very knowledgable & thorough, talking me through each step.
The office manager, Jason, is incredibly friendly & helpful regarding payment options.
And my favorite is Dr. Payne- while normally doctors are arrogant & aloof, Dr. Payne couldn't be further from that.
I nervously recited all my fears and concerns to him & he was gracious & understanding.
He even custom made a tool for my small mouth, showing excitement rather than annoyance at the task.
Their equipment is clean & "modern.
" Do yourself a favor & see them asap.

I don't like writing reviews and I never take the time to...so just trust me, book the appointment and let them show you why I took the time to do this- mark my works, you'll be impressed

I am so surprised at the good reviews for this dental practice!
My husband and I had the worst experiences.
I have never written a bad review, but would like to stop someone from this mistake.
We both went in for yearly basic cleanings.
My husband's appointment was a day before mine.
At 6 at night they tried to talk him into a root canal that night!
He had not had any pain mind you.
He called me and I said it was fishy they were trying to talk him into it that night.
He said no to that but they did talk him into a deep cleaning.
He did half that night and was supposed to do the other half the next day when I went in as well.
For my appointment, they took tons of X-rays then sat me in the chair.
The doc came in and went over all the procedures they thought I should have.
My 2 remaining wisdom teeth pulled, five cavity fills and a deep cleaning.
I consider my teeth in very good shape and have had no pain whatsoever.
As they were going over their recommendations I noticed on the computer screen everything had "patient accepts" next to it.
I said I did not want anything except the basic cleaning that was covered 100% by my full dental insurance.
They then went on to lie to me and say that since I "needed" deep cleaning that my insurance would not pay for a basic cleaning.
I could not believe it.
I walked out with nothing and called my insurance company.
They said they've never heard of that and that I am fully covered for one basic cleaning a year and they'd never deny that.
I was shocked.
I could go on and on but the short of it is that we ended up with a $400 bill for my husbands deep cleaning AFTER insurance paid another $400 hundred dollars!!
They are major scam artists!
They take your electronic signature and transpose it onto receipts!
Never sign anything electronically while lying in the chair getting the procedure done as they had my husband do!
We went to AT Stills since then and the professors told my husband they had even botched his deep cleaning!
Please re-think choosing Tempe Modern Dentistry!

I had previously given this dental office a rave review after receiving exceptional treatment and care from the doctors and staff.
However, my experience with the billing department of Tempe Modern Dentistry has left an extremely bad taste in my mouth and has literally ruined Christmas this year.
Let me start by saying that I paid according to my agreement, on time and in full, each and every month.
I even paid the final balance EARLY.
Allow me to recount the issues that started almost right away:  1.
)  I was told at the time I signed the payment agreement that if I called in to make any additional payments toward the balance owed, the amount of the next automatic payment would be reduced by the amount I paid.
The 2nd or 3rd month I called to do just this and was assured my next payment would be less that amount.
Auto-payment day rolled around, and the payment taken out of my account was twice what I had expected.
I live on a tight budget, so this caused some overdraft issues in my checking account.
I called the office to find out what had happened and was told that the company who manages the payments changed their policy to subtract additional payments from the OVERALL balance, not the next payment, as I was originally advised by two different people.
An apology was given and a credit was issued many days later.
I continued making payments on time and in full until the beginning of December.
)  I called the office on December 2nd to verify my final payment amount and have them take the payment from my HSA so that I could use the funds normally drafted from my checking account to buy Christmas presents and dinner.
I was advised that the account was paid in full and assured that no additional payments would be drafted from my checking account.
Feeling elated at paying the bill off, I continued on my merry way.
)  December 12 rolled around and I received a notice from my bank that my account was again overdrafted.
With an angry husband and my own heart hammering in my chest, I checked my bank account.
When I checked the pending transactions, lo and behold, another payment of $354.00 was taken out of my checking account.
I immediately called the office and was advised a credit would be requested ASAP.
)  I called back on December 16th to ensure that the credit was going to the correct account.
I had so many previous issues that I didn't trust that my checking account was going to be credited.
The office manager got on the phone and admitted he had sent the credit to my HSA, but that it was early enough that he could correct this.
I confirmed my checking account information and was advised to allow at least 3 - 5 business days for the funds to credit back.
On Saturday morning, when I realized I STILL had not received the funds back, I called the office absolutely livid that now my Christmas budget was drained and my bank account was still empty with Christmas only a few days away.
The manager called me back within an hour and apologized for the hassle.
He was very reassuring in promising he would take care of everything on Monday, even if it meant paying me the money back from his personal bank account.
I asked him if I was the only patient who experienced these issues and he admitted that this was not the first time such errors had been made.
Perhaps this should be a warning to anyone unfortunate enough to have to set up a payment plan with this office.
So on Monday, I received a call again from the manager who was very excited to inform me that the credit had been expedited and that my bank would receive the funds by 5 PM Monday evening and I should be able to call the bank to confirm the credit on Tuesday morning (today) at the latest.
Surprise, surprise, when I called my bank this morning they have not received any credits to my account and didn't see any future credits pending either.
So now it is Christmas Eve, my bank account is completely empty due to a mistake beyond my control, and there is nothing I can do but make the best of this entire rotten situation.
To put good patients who pay their bills in full through this runaround and then admit that it happens fairly frequently is NOT good business.
Unless you are fortunate enough to carry $2600.00 in cash for a root canal and crown, I suggest you go elsewhere for your dental care.
No matter how friendly the staff or competent the doctors are, their billing company stole money from my account before Christmas, and of course, are taking their very sweet time returning it to me.
I DO NOT recommend using this dental facility if you are looking for a new dentist.
They are happy to take your money but not very happy to fix their own mistakes in a timely manner.

Let me begin by saying that I am terrified of the dentist.
I mean TERRIFIED!
So terrified that I waited 11 years to make my next appointment.
(BIG MISTAKE!!!
) I am 18 weeks pregnant and have had horrible pain in my top left molar and I told my OBGYN about it.
He told me that I had to make an appointment with a dentist immediately or the infection in the tooth could possibly harm the baby.
(UGH!
NIGHTMARE!
)  I searched for dentists in my area that were in my insurance network and then started doing my research looking at reviews online.
I was very impressed with the reputation that Tempe Modern Dentistry had and I called to make my appointment.
The staff on the phone was very friendly and completely understood my fear.
I showed up to my appointment and explained my situation about being 18 weeks pregnant and receiving a clearance letter from my doctor to provide me with dental work and oh the fact that I haven't been to the dentist in 11 years!
Elise (I think that's her name??!!
I was so scared her name could have been Tom) was so friendly and understanding.
She made me immediately feel at ease and I was so grateful for it.
I then met Dr. Payne who was AMAZING, AMAZING, AMAZING!
Absolutely the most gentle, patient, and hilarious dentist I have ever met.
He told me that I do have several cavities but he wants to only focus on the tooth that is bothering me right now and make sure he gets me out of pain.
Most dentists would try to take all of my money and talk me into tons of procedures!
I ended up having a root canal done on Tuesday and a crown done on Wednesday.
Dr. Payne and his staff were so amazing and I don't think they will ever know how grateful I am for them!
I will be going back for more service and will NOT be waiting 11 years EVER again!
EVER!
Thank You!
~Danielle

Due to the lack of dental insurance and a deep-seated fear of dental treatment I had avoided visiting a dentist for at least 5 years.
During my grand-daughter's visit I couldn't resist biting one of the gummy type candies I had bought for her and immediately lost a filling from behind a front tooth.
PANIC!!!
My neighbor recommended this office and so I called and booked an appointment for the next day and then spent a sleepless night worrying about it.
Natasha and Amanda are such a refreshing change from the usual front desk personnel.
They were informative, super friendly and understanding and this went a long way in alleviating my initial anxiety.
I took advantage of both the $59.00 X-ray, cleaning and examination special and their discount plan.
The friendly hygienist, Heather, did a thorough and painless cleaning of my teeth.
A zillion X-rays were taken with modern machinery that emits far fewer damaging rays.
Dr. Payne (no kidding) then explained what was needed in order of prioritization using the X-rays and photos right in front of me on a screen to point out the problems.
He filled the missing filling and one other and then explained my options for 2 caps that would be needed on following visits.
Before my second visit, I got on-line and researched information on cap materials.
Armed with this information and thoroughly undecided I arrived for my second visit and relayed my trepidation to the front desk gals.
No problem!
Dr. Payne very patiently gave me his recommendations again with the reasons why and quoted studies that backed up the information.
He has a wonderfully calming demeanor and supplies information in a way that builds trust quickly.
I really got the impression that he was giving me my best options given the work that was needed and my financial situation.
During the drilling that followed, I got cold in the air conditioning and the assistant brought a blanket in to me.
The caps are made in house using technology to custom fit the caps.
Its an amazing process!
Jesus, another assistant was very gentle and talented in fine tuning the fit and finally Dr. Payne attached it permanently.
I would highly recommend this office.
Dr. Payne is the best!
Patient, gentle, friendly and informative in a non-condescending style that is very reassuring.
His staff is great.
Thanks to all for a first class dental experience!

I want to start out by saying this office has a fantastic way of making you feel welcome.
They are very personable and friendly and professional.
The entire staff makes you feel like you're welcome and that they are happy to see you.
With that being said, they are terrible at follow-up.
I work in a medical field and I know follow up is VERY important to help establish new patients and existing ones.
Even an automatic email asking you how the visit went is better than getting absolutely nothing.
This makes me feel like once they take your money and your insurance's money, they're done with you.
I've left emails and called several times and no answer nor response.
The phone line just kept ringing until I had to hang up and try calling again.
I've tried in different hours in the day because I know how offices can get tied up on phone calls, but still no response, nobody picking up and saying "can I put you on hold" or anything.
I need to get an itemized receipt (which they didn't give me at the time of my visit) for my FSA.
My FSA company keeps calling me for that receipt and it's impossible for me to submit anything when I can't get a hold of anybody in the office.
This has been a week, and I have my call log to prove that I've been trying to call them.
Once I get my itemized receipt I will not be returning to this office again; I have one closer to my place.

The owner of the practice called me to apologize.
I appreciated the fact that he cares about upset patients and the pride he has for in his office.

The location is great.
The staff present as competent.
The issue is the office presents to care more about payment arrangements even if they botched what you went there to fix.
I felt like i was at a car dealership.
In addition the arrangements that were set up were botched by them all the way past the last payment.
I do not recommended this dentistry.
Inept accounting self serving charities and less than optimum treatment overshadow some good staff.
Since dental care is expensive I would rather pay for care and not glitz wrapped in kindness.

