Called them and told them what I wanted concerning SEO and online marketing.
They asked me to come inside for a consultation which I did.
I was EXTREMELY impressed that what I walked into was that, a consultation, not a sales meeting "gosh those get old real fast"!
I met with the owner and an employee of his "Jo or George I think his name is/was :/ ".
I REALLY appreciated how honest they were; no fluf, no "ehhhh welllll you see" b.s.
I've met with a couple SEO guys before this business, and I have a couple to meet with still, but I was very impressed that not only did they make suggestions, but they had solid information and knowledge to back up those claims as opposed to "we're just going to get you on the front page with the most competitive key words out there".
As lame as it sounds, for me, knowledge is power and these guys showed that they have the knowledge/tools/training to back up their claims.
My business is in a very competitive field and I have a semi-unique business model.
Ryan gave me a strategy that integrated SEO and other online marketing ideas that really impressed me.
Some of the stuff he consulted with me about really struck me as "wow, I've been doing this a long time and this guy is showing me new stuff"  They went through my website, said good things about it, things that needed improvement, and gave me some, as you would guess, consultation.Like I said earlier, I still have a couple more people/business's to meet up with SEO, but I am extremely impressed with how professional, knowledgeable, and personable these guys were.

We had local work marketing do our seo for years for multiple states and sites.
They are a great company and I really think they have great people working there.
Sharp staff.
Used them for SEO Work for 5-6 states for a few years now.

When our business moved, our google places and google plus pages got stuck in google's merge, and we had someone tag us at our old location as 'closed'.
I needed help with my online presence to make sure people still knew we were there.
Ryan and his team helped us out A LOT!
They made sure our yelp, google and other listings all had our new contact information correct, and worked hard to make our online listings as effective as possible.
Then months later, our marker on google maps disappeared and they helped get that rectified even though we're no longer a current paying client.

