LOVE THIS PLACE!!
No matter how busy they are they always give great service!

I had the Philly Cheese steak with onion rings...it was pretty filling and good.
The service so so and the waiters must have been new or really forgetful.
Over pretty good.
I did notice the blueberry pancakes just had them on top, not in them, kind of disappointing.

Average food with an average menu

After going to this location over 100 times over 8 years they finally did it.
Made a bad enough experience for us to never go back.
Service was good, but it did take a long time to get our food(25mins) for not having every seat filled.
Only waited that long for food here once before.
Iced tea was old and tasted bad.
Correction: I was told they were gonna make more.
They didn't and I drank water.
Must have served the rest of it to customers that didn't say anything.
Stuffed french toast was made with stale bread Correction: Manager that rang us up told us that they sometimes put stale bread in by accident.
No comp, just "I'm sorry" 5 times.
Bacon was a joke, thin and fatty.
Didn't complain because thats just the crap they serve everyone.
Should have just went to Bill Johnsons across the street.
Bacon is better and of all things, the pancakes are better.
See ya IHOP

Service here was awful!
Waited 15-20 mins for our drinks.
Ordered our food and waited 50 minutes for our food.
I almost walked out as we got too tired of waiting.
Food was cold, stale, and tasted like crap and they messed up on my order too.
They had some shady characters there too.
One kept drinking his coffee and kept staring at us.
He would talk to himself and would all of a sudden start laughing at us for no reason.
It made our experience VERY uncomfortable as the place was not crowded at all.
We were just hungry and wanted some night time breakfast!
In the end, the manager gave us our meals for free.
Will I come back?
Definitely not.

Quick service, quick food.
Marina was a great server!
She was friendly and efficient!

We normally get good service and the quality of food is what is expected at an iHop.

My partner and I were hesitant to go to another IHOP after receiving such horrible customer service at the location on Northern Ave near I-17, but decided to give this location a try with hopes that the experience would be a positive one.
Well, we were wrong.
We showed up at noon today(4/13/14) and there's was one small family ahead of us.
The hostess was not at her station and the cashier didn't even acknowledge us with a hello or "the hostess will be right with you.
" The hostess came back and didn't acknowledge us or ask if we had been taken care of.
Two families walked in and she immediately said hello and took down their names despite my partner and I standing right there waiting to she if she was ready to start taking down names.
My partner and I were so appalled, that we just looked at each other and walked out.
I will never eat at an IHOP again.

