This is my families go to place for pizza.
Its always taste great.The pizza has a nice thick crust and the sauce is very yummy.
And its very a fairly cheap price They always have coupons coming in the mail.
We can happily feed 9 kids for $30.The employees are always very friendly.
And the delivery is fast!

This review is only on delivery and customer service.
I live in Oklahoma, though I grew up in the valley, and grew up on Barro's Pizza.
My kids are in AZ visiting grandma for the summer, and I wanted to surprise them and order pizza for them after a long day at the pool.
I called Barro's and explained what I wanted to do.
The girl that helped me was super friendly and said it was no problem.
I told her how much I wanted to add for gratuity and that all I wanted was for someone to be able to sign for the order.
She said "no problem" and even asked if I wanted to include a message.
She was great.
The pizza arrived within 40 minutes and my kids were super surprised and called to tell me how delicious it was.
They got my message and said the driver was really nice and told my daughter all she had to do was sign the credit card slip.
The order couldn't have gone any smoother.
I am so happy that my favorite pizza place could help me treat my kids!
They were so great!

Good pizza.
Great garlic cheese bread.

Amazing pizza!
They have the best lunch special a slice of pizza, salad and soda.
Great price and great food.
Staff very nice and the restaurant very clean.
Can't wait to go back.
Delivery service also great and speedy service and have used that many times.

pretty dang good, I was pleasantly surprised with the wings!
they were crispy and well fried, the way I like them.

Order Delivery tonight.
First off when I called I was asked if I could please hold ad before I could even answer I was put right on hold.
I held on hold four And a half minutes.
I placed my order and was told it would be 45 Minutes to an hour before It Would be delivered.
No problem I expected that on a Saturday night.
The pizza was awesome.
So it makes it worth the hold time.

I'm a big fan of Barro's Pizza!
Great pizza!
Great service!
Great all together at this location!
They even deliver very fast!
The crust is awesome!
Cheese is awesome!
I enjoy going there as well!
Get my favorite booth and watch the game!
Why wouldn't you like this place?

My favorite pizza in town.
Decently priced but if you're looking for cheap pizza it's not for you.
Definitely worth the money though!

Went in because they have gluten free pizza and those that needed it were impressed.
I on the other hand prefer my pizza with extra gluten and I really enjoyed it.
The crust is nice and crisp and the toppings are plentiful.
They have an area where the kids congregate so I would stay away from there unless you have kids with you or like watching parents let their kids roam free.
The pizza is good though so stay away from the kids area and you are good.

Messed up my order and delivered it 2 hours late.
This was from the Powers location in Mesa.
Is it really that hard to make and deliver a pizza.
Obviously this place is in need of new management.
I think his name was Rocky.
Never ordering from this place again.

