PT Allen Gruver (PT, ATC, PRC, CSCS) came highly recommended from a family friend - was extremely meticulous and thorough in diagnosis and treatment (knee/ITBS rehab).
highly recommend for those looking for a skilled, reliable PT.

Last summer I was injured in an ATV accident which required knee surgery and a great deal of Physical Therapy to repair.
I went to a local Physical Therapist near my home in Queen Creek for treatment and was extremely disappointed in the staff and treatment.
I spent 95% of my time with assistants (college interns) who were usually more interested in whatever game was on the TV than my treatment.
I rarely ever spoke with or was treated by an actual therapist.
Additionally I didn't feel the treatment I was receiving was anything that I couldn't very easily do myself at home.
Why did I continue going?
I didn't know any better, and thought that this is how physical therapy was to be received.
To top it off, as soon as I finished my treatments I was informed that I owed a substantial amount of money that had not been disclosed to me prior to or during my treatments.
Very soon after finishing my knee rehab it was discovered that several major foot and ankle issues I had neglected for years would need to be addressed soon, or I might suffer long term major damage  Another very extensive surgery with multiple procedures would be required with a great deal of additional rehab.
Because of my previous physical therapy experience, I decided to seek out a new therapist.
Foothills Sports Medicine was recommended to me by several individuals including my orthopedic surgeon.
While a bit out of my way, I decided to make certain that I got the best treatment possible this time around.
I was immediately impressed with the staff and my treatment for many reasons  including:  * The number of actual therapists I saw working with patients * The number of professional athletes who had trusted their treatment and careers to the staff at Foothills Sports Medicine * The attention I received from and actual licensed physical therapist * The treatment itself  My primary therapist has been Rob Henert, and he has done a fantastic job.
My treatment has been first class and the ratio of physical therapist to assistant treatment is the opposite of my previous experience.
Rob takes care of my treatment while the assistants are there to do just that, assist.
I have also worked with several other members of the staff, and they all have all likewise been very skilled, knowledgeable, and attentive.
I have only been receiving treatment for two weeks now, but am already very pleased with the progress that I have made.
My foot and ankle are already feeling better and looser than before the surgery, with a lot more improvement to come.
If you are in need of physical therapy you can you can feel confident that you will get the best treatment available from the therapists at Foothills Spots Medicine.

Both my wife and I have worked with these guys on numerous occasions and can't recommend them enough.
From ACL reconstruction to Rotator Cuff surgery as well as numerous running injuries, we keep coming back and are always very satisfied with their services.

I've been there 3 times over 4 years and they are a fantastic group of Therapists and assistants.
Rob, Allen, and Lindsay have helped me to recover from injuries where I thought I would not regain 100% functionality.
They are caring, thorough, and so capable in their diagnosis, treatment, and suggested home exercise plans.
Two of my daughters have been here for sports injuries in HS and they too were "cured".

