Great crew.
Awesome alternative to ice-cream or frozen yogurt.
Crazy good flavors.
Never disappointed.
I may need a second job to support my Tasti D-lite habbit.
Well worth it people.
Robert Pfeifer

I've been disappointed lately with the daily flavors....they don't have enough flavor to them anymore.
The staff is great but they need to LOWER the prices and add more flavoring to the daily soft serve flavors.

they do have a wide range of flavors.
I got the chocolate peanut butter and it wasnt that great....I don't think its worth the price.

Neat little frozen yogurt place.
The flavors change all the time from what we found out.
I would recommend trying the flavors to make sure.
I had the NY cheesecake and it was very good.
The prices are a bit high, but they have specials that make up for that.
Free WiFi also made it a nice little place to hang out.
The only downside were the chairs.
They need to have some type of stoppers on the bottoms of each as the noise from the chairs sliding on the floor was grating.

Great little place!
Good treats at good prices.
I'd go back.

Of all the flavors I have tried here the best is the vanilla.
It is tasty but way over-priced.
I couldn't believe they actually charged an extra 75 cents for sprinkles.
Ridiculous!

Some of the best frozen yogurt ever.
Lower in calories, good quality natural ingredients.
Very refreshing on hot day working deliveries.
Didn't get that over sugared feeling.
Another huge plus, daily specials.
Customized flavors to create anything you'd like.
Great supplement and smoothies options.
My number one choice for a frozen treat!
Price well worth the quality, especially for a foodie that practically lives at the farmers markets.
I returned today 8-1-12, 2nd time this week, with family in tow.
Really good again.
The creamiest ever.
I also noted mistakes by other reviews.
Dry toppings are only $  .50, fresh fruit is $ .75.
10 varieties of fresh fruit.
Very reasonable.
Some other chains are more.
Flavor and quality excellent.
We tryed two other frozen yogurt self serve chains in the last year, once each and never returned.

This place is awesome and the customer service Kellie provides is second to none!!!
The store is so clean and just is a great place to sit and relax with something good to snack on!

Great spot for fro-yo in the East valley.
Family run joint and the last of the Tasti D-lite's in AZ.
Would definately go back if I am in the area.

WIth so many options for frozen yogurt and ice cream within a three-mile radius of this location, Tasti-D-lite is pretty close to bottom of the barrel.
What promised to be a unique idea turned out to be rather pedestrian.
The actual store's hours did not match their websites -- which is a bummer if you walk there and find them closing when you should have had another 30 minutes or hour.
But maybe they were closing because they had no customers and just didn't want to stay longer.
The frozen ice cream/yogurt (whatever) they sell does taste pretty good, but doesn't explain why they charge $4-to-$5 for a cone.
This is Chandler, not Scottsdale.
And for that matter, why would a cone cost that much in Scottsdale anyway?
Healthier dessert options are to be applauded, but I'd really like to see stores go out of their way to serve our wallets as well as our waistlines.

Do I have to give a star?
Zero stars is my true rating.
Horrible service.
Not a tasty product.
Way too expensive.
Nothing positive to say about this place.
We spend our money at Frio Mio and Kokomo - much much better options!

