Wow.
It's rare to give a hotel 5 stars.
I'm the type to check under the bed, between mattress and behind the headboard.
I will definitely return to this clean and well run hotel.
The room is well worth much more what I paid.
I hope it doesn't change.
Price: super cheap via hotwire.com.
Scary cheap because it was last minute the week of CES.
I was a bit hesitant in confirming my reservation.
Rooms: Super clean.
I think I can smell that new room smell.
They only give you one bar of soap but I guess they need this is how they can keep cost down.
Staff: Super nice.
Michelle, front counter, is very kind and great problem solver.
Hotwire had only sent confirmation for one of the two rooms I booked.
Michelle took care of the problem and had the second room waiting for me when I returned from CES that day.
Restaurant: it's a sit down restaurant with menus but it's not open all the time.
The pricing was very reasonable.
Note:  The first time I drove by this place since the sign was covered up.
They told me that they were in the process of changing their name and may change it again.

Our soccer team stayed here for the second year in a row and it's only gotten better.
This place is clean, affordable, easy to get to, with incredibly COMFORTABLE BEDS and nice decor throughout.
The staff is great- friendly and very helpful.
They've added a free breakfast buffet this year which makes it even better.
Stay here!
It's great.

Found this place on hotels.com because we have business in Henderson.
What a find!
It's definitely a step up across the board from the cheap hotels on or near the Strip that we usually frequent.
First and foremost, everything is clean if not new.
The TV is a flat screen that can pivot, and the remote isn't a simplistic piece of junk.
There's a thermostat and not some wall-mounted junk for the heating and A/C.
There are plenty of power outlets for charging your stuff.
The refrigerator was very useful.
The microwave in our room was busted, however, and the Internet (in the entire building) was on the fritz for an entire day.
As for the rest of the hotel, it's nice to have a fitness room (really warm to get a sweat going) and a pool (which is outdoors), but the free breakfast is the best part.
It's the standard continental stuff, but there's also hot food from the kitchen including eggs, toast, waffles, biscuits, bacon, and sausages depending on the day.
The lobby has nice seats if you need to wait around, and also computers with a printer if you need to get directions or a boarding pass.
They actually still have the screen saver from the former Holiday Inn (old management).
Definitely would come back again if I could.

Well just a couple things to say.
Yay for the free breakfast!
Yay for the service!
I will be coming back.
Good location and price!
I paid 100.00 less for two nights in a worse hotel in Chicago!!

I have not been back here yet, but this place was known as Henderson Hotel and Suites when I stayed here.
Just wanted to mention that with the change in ownership/branding, some old info might not apply.

I wanted to visit Las Vegas without being overwhelmed, so I chose this place a few minutes out of the city.
Everything about it was great - nice rooms, good breakfast, quiet, and most importantly, a great price.
There were lots of families staying there (there was a pool and an exercise room).
The location of this hotel isn't anything special in itself, but it is perfectly located to engage with Las Vegas at your own pace.

I was running a race in Lake Las Vegas, and I hate Vegas, so I took my chances with a place in Henderson.
Really happy that I picked this place.
I was a bit apprehensive driving through Henderson as it's quite run down, but the hotel itself is in great shape.
Rooms are clean and spacious, staff is friendly and helpful, and rates are very reasonable.
Free continental breakfast, free parking.
I was there for less than 12 hours, but had everything I needed.
The rest of the places in Henderson look rather iffy, but you can have faith in this one.

The rooms, beds and building are comfortable and clean and we would have had a great experience were it not for the stupid Air Conditioning switching off all night long.
The thermostat was on some sort of motion sensor and as soon as we fell asleep it would shut off and let the room get up to 78 degrees or so.
My wife and I woke up numerous times in the night and had to walk over to the thermostat to re-set it.
Tried calling the front desk at 2AM and got no help.
We used Priceline and were put in a handicap accessible room, maybe that had something to do with it but still was frustrating.
Mentioned it at check out and didn't get any help or sympathy either.
We would have had a great experience were it not from this, but waking up several times in the night because your room is too hot kind of ruins an otherwise good experience.
The hot breakfast was average to above average.
Family friendly.

Comfy, clean, and friendly.
This place was $20 more than the shithole Motel 6 we stayed in the night before.
I've never been happier to spend an extra $20.
Everything in the room was clean, the beds are ridiculously soft and comfortable.
With free wi-fi and free breakfast, and laundry facilities, this place is well worth it's price!
I'll be keeping an eye out for more Best Western Plus's.

I stayed 5 days during the ConExpo show and on the 3rd night, the fire alarm and strobe light went on at 3:30AM and stay on for an hour.
Although it was a minor false alarm, it scared the living daylight out of me.
Management wrote a letter of explanation under our door to explained what happened and extended the free breakfast so we could all get some extra sleep.
Whenever I travel, I usually spend the night at a Best Western Hotel and I'm always  pleased with the clean rooms, friendly staff and free breakfast.
The reason for my 5 stars is because of the minor inconvenience, the night of the false alarm, management comped the night which proves they do look after their guests.

Horrible place.
We usually have great luck with Best Westerns but this was the pits.
It's in a seedy area around a lot of auto repair shops, no restaurants nearby.
Our non smoking room reeked of cigarette smoke.
It was 109 outside, great for a dip after a long drive, but the pool was broken.
We went to talk to the front desk, but there was no one there, just a loud youth group convened in the lobby.
We used Hotel Planner for this one and never will again.
We were on the road for 14 days, and this was the only hotel that we had to leave.

Not the best area but its Vegas, Friendly Staff, Great complimentary Breakfast, (Eggs, Biscuits and gravy, sausage, waffles, fruit , cereal , coffee, etc.
)  Do not let the bad reviews scare you off, I was worried about the location, yes it could be better but it could also be a lot worse.
Our room was HUGE and clean, Microwave, fridge flat screen, etc.
I would stay here again, no problem.

This Best Western is nice overall, but compared to all the others we have stayed in, it gets one star because of it's breakfast policy.
Stayed here with my family on our way back from Montana to California.
There are five of us, my mom and dad, my two brothers and I.
There is "free" breakfast, but they only gave us two breakfast cards, and my younger brother eats free since he's under 12.
If you want breakfast, and you don't have a breakfast card, they charge you $10 a person.
What kind of BS is this?
We have stayed in many Best Westerns in the past, and it has always been free breakfast for all guests, no need for the stupid breakfast cards.
( we stayed in a Best Western in Idaho Falls on our way up to Montana, and they didn't do this stupid breakfast policy) We already paid over $100 plus $20 for my puppy.
( the only reason we stayed here, because they were dog friendly)  never staying here again.

