I have used Blue Ribbon Pool Service for about five years.
Jeff is knowledgable and his work is excellent.
At times I have asked him if I  needed to replace my equipment or change out my filter system and he encouraged me to wait and get all the use out of my pool equipment that  I can--even though changing it out would have benefitted him.
I really appreciate his honesty.
On several occasions, I have called Jeff panicking about my pool and thinking I would need a service call.
He has has taken my phone calls and walked me through the things I could do to take care of the problem myself.
He is honest, trustworthy, competent, kind, and beyond fair.
I feel completely comfortable having him work on my pool, even if I am not home.
I highly recommend Jeff for any pool service you need.

Thank you to Jeff and Blue Ribbon Pool Service.
After trying a number of other pool companies, Jeff was the only one willing to come out to fix my pool leveler.
He was on time (actually early) and fixed everything in 15 minutes.
It's really nice to have companies that give good customer service and know their stuff!
Price was more than fair.
I highly recommend Jeff and his company.

Jeff at Blue Ribbon Pool Service is fantastic.
He's responsive and professional, and we can't thank him enough for his help.
We recently bought our first home and knew very little about pool care; we knew there were some issues with the equipment based on the home inspection and originally had another company that was highly rated on Yelp come check it out.
While they were great at first, after a dozen emails and finally asking to have someone come out to perform the needed service, I never heard from them again.
Jeff has helped us with everything from a green pool and drain/refill, to a new cleaner and new pump.
We're excited to have much more efficient equipment that our pool needed, and Jeff was able to do everything in a very timely manner.
We are now able to enjoy our pool thanks to Jeff's hard work and professional advice.
I would highly recommend Blue Ribbon for the responsive, reliable, and friendly service.
Thanks Jeff!

Jeff at BLPS is awesome!
Before he even came out he tried to help me fix my issue over email.
I really appreciate his honesty, and integrity, you will absolutely not find a better pool service company in this state.

Jeff at BRPS just left my home after installing a brand new Hayward Pool/Spa Heater.
I originally found Jeff from reviews on Yelp.
He definitely lives up to all my expectations.
Great service from the first time he was here to look at the work that needed to be done, until the time he left asking me if there was anything else he could have done better.
As I am generally very critical I could not come up with one thing that he could have improved on.
Timeliness, cleanliness, knowledge of product and service were all in place.
I don't normally take time to write reviews but had to in this case.
Forget the big, well known companies who charge way more and don't have the personal service and personality that Jeff does!!

I highly recommend Jeff at Blue Ribbon Pool Service for any pool issues that arise.
He is very knowledgeable, ethical and reliable.
I called Jeff for a second opinion after my home warranty company unjustly denied my claim.
He came out and performed a thorough inspection on my leaking pool heater.
He provided the home warranty company a verbal and written diagnosis that they agreed with.
The following week he had my new pool heater installed.
Thank You.

