Fun place to get your dance on!
I've been to many country bars and this one is great because the floor is actually big enough to really dance.
They have great drink specials too.
My only complaint is there is a DJ most of the time.
I've only seen a live band once.
The DJ is great...but for country, I like a live band.

Poor customer service.
They don't seem to care about their customers, from doormen to management.
I was excited to get some real night life in Mesa, but this was just a disappointment.

That's funny....when they had Denim and Diamonds years ago in East Phoenix, Thomas rd., almost in Scottsdale.......it was a great place.
Go early, no cover, great drink specials.
free dance lessons.
Older crowd?
More like a Mixed crowd, all ages.
TOO Big?
how can a dance floor ever be TOO BIG?!
If you're a barely 21 preppy looking for packed-like-sardines dance floor because all you're gonna do is the amateur Titty Bar dance with your hair while you bring your drink on the floor with you and you're too cool to go out before 11PM, so then there IS a cover charge......well, I guess this isn't for you.
Come here to do REAL Dancing, maybe even with a partner...duh.
or you can find one here.
Stags are welcome.

Free dance lessons.
Something for everybody here.
Mostly (all) country until 9:30 - 10pm or so then a younger mix of people show up - with great energy and fantastic dance skills.
It's worth staying and watching for a while.
Lots of experienced dancers but you don't have to know what you're doing.
Just show up, have a few inexpensive drinks and have fun!

Love this place.
I love dancing and women.
This place has a ton of both.
Big dance floor and women everywhere to look at.
Country music all night long.
They got beer specials till 1030, this place is fun to hang out at.
The east valley needed a place like this.
They surpassed all my expectations.
You can easily drop 120 bucks a night here and thats what i usually blow.
Its well worth it though.
Anyone can have a blast here, mostly old people till they have their warm shots of milk at like 800 and then it gets filled with the younger crown.

Good music and nice people.
Everyone sure looks like they are having a great time.
Good specials.
And clean restrooms!
What a concept.

$0.50 drinks for ladies on Weds nights.
I have only gone twice, but both times I have had a great time with cheap drinks.
The dance floor is huge and even if you've come alone, it's not hard to find a dance partner.
I didn't have any creepy guy experiences there either.
There is nothing worse than when you're trying to enjoy some drinks with the girls and some random scumbag starts grabbing your ass.
I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 stars because the last time I was there, they were out of sour, sprite and few other things that I liked mixed with my liquor.
All around pretty nice place for a night of dancing and drinks.

Denim & Diamonds is a funtastic place to hang out!
Fabulous 50 cent drink specials, great mix of music, friendly staff & often visited by KMLE Country with good giveaways, and fun DJs & an occasional free concert!
Finally a place worth going on the East side of town!

Dance all night long, and the beers are seemingly CHEEP!

Who knew this little gem was in East Mesa!
Such a fun country bar and Wednesday night brings in quite the crowd... $0.50 beers?!
I thought they only did that in college towns.
The crowd is diverse.. making it comfortable for anyone to go and have a good time.
There is a big dance floor and a good number of seats in addition to other open areas, so there is room to breath when it starts to get busier later in the night.
Even if you are not a dancer it's fun to watch and enjoy some cheap drinks.. but let's face it you'll find at least one dance partner by the time you leave.
This place is worth checking out at least once!

So before going here all I heard about was how trashy this was and how everyone was bitchy.
In short, I did not see this on the Saturday night that I went.
It was like any other country bar - mostly country plays and then they mix in some hip-hop/top40 for us that don't know how to country dance.
Psht  - I really need to learn how to country dance!
Cheap beers.
Until 11pm it was 0.50/drink.
Yikes, that is cheap!

I have just moved to Arizona from California and I am looking to replace the Country bar I went to in California.
This was my first country bar I had been too and driving up the fact that it was in a strip mall I honestly did not know how it was going to turn out.
It was a Saturday and for the time that I was there I did not have to pay to get in which I liked of course.
And you can't beat the 50 cent long necks or wells.
However I wanted a jack n coke and found out that was $5.00.
I then asked for the well and got two different drinks when I went back for a 2nd...
So that threw me off.
It has a good size dance floor but for me I think there is far to much two step compared to line dancing.
They did play the dances I knew so I was able to experience it which was great.
But really that's the biggest complaint for me is they need to make it even between dances.
They also started playing hip -hop rap fairly early in he night I don't know if that's normal for the time frame but for me if I go to a country bar I want to listen and dance to country.
Leave the hip hop for late in the night.

They have great deals on drinks!
Always some kind of special going on and a really fun environment!
If you like country music you have to check it out!!!

50 cent drinks till 11pm on Saturdays, man that's a good deal.
The place has a pretty big dance floor, but man it sure does get crowded around 11pm.
$6 cover for guys, women are free.

It's a Sat night, funds low but the want for a good time is high, my friend told me Denim and Diamonds is free for the ladies till 11 and the drinks are 50 cents so off we went!
D&D is a fun place to go, they have plenty of dancing room for ya 2stepin fools, and they play a great mix of music too!
Even get a line dance in a time or 2.
Great for people watching too.
For a Sat night, it was pretty packed and yep the drinks were 50 cents!
Also learned that they have free dance lessons at 6 or was it 6:30 on wed and sat nights too!
Had a fun time and look forward to going back!

We saw Randy Rogers band here on Friday night.
It's a 50 mile drive for us, so we were glad that the venue was so huge and entertaining.
They don't open the stage area until a few minutes before the show, which is absolute genius because I hate standing there forever trying to keep your spot in the front.
That way, everyone could dance and drink and take a seat and enjoy life instead of worrying about their spot near the stage.
The beer selection is pretty pitiful.
When I asked what beers they had that weren't like the color of urine, she said they had shock top and fat tire.
The rest were Bud Light caliber.
Bleh.
I guess cowboys wouldn't know craft beer if it rode in on a horse.
I'll put up with crappy beer for a sweet RRB concert though!

Can you say Ghost town?
Hated it.
None of the reviews explain how I feel about this place...
Someone commented clean restrooms?
That was clearly a joke.
Good service, even funnier!
I can agree that the drinks are cheap, but I didn't even know that until I was already there.
The first time I went was on a Thursday.
My friend and I went together, there were 4 couples there and a guy playing pool by himself.
The bartender must have know the couples at the bar because my friend and I could barely get service when we walked up throughout the night.
The place was empty!
I decided maybe Thursday night wasn't their thing and went back on a Friday.
There were lots more people, but mostly people watchers (like in other reviews.
) I'm sorry, but if I have to be 21 to get in, I'm pretty sure you can keep "shit" in the song and not bleep it out.
Also, maybe it's because I just moved from a military town, but our favorite thing is to yell "FUCK THE ARMY" at the top of our lungs during Copper Head Road.. Is this foreign to everyone here?
Get it together.
This place is for old fogies.

$0.50 beers until 11pm?
Plus line dancing, beer pong, and cowboys!
Yeehaw!
Oh and $0.50 well drinks for ladies - dangerous!
Even after 11, some of the beers are only $2.75!
They also had a beer long tournament with a $5 buy-in.
There was water in the cups instead of beer, which I liked because I was more in control of my alcohol intake.
Most of the girls here were in short jean shorts, jeans, or skirts  and cowboy boots.
I loved people watching here - so entertaining!
I still don't know how the line dancers knew which dances go to which songs.
We didn't stay for all that long but we had a good time.

Just moved out here from Jersey and a me and a few friends went here lastnight for ladies night and had a blast !!
Cheap drinks, bartenders and security were very friendly.
Definitely gonna be my Wednesday hotspot from now on !!

How to have a good time:  1.
Put your cowboy boots on 2.
Have $3 dollars worth of $0.50 well drinks 3.
Request Alan Jackson's "Good Time" 4.
Ask one of the old cowboys to swing you around on the dance floor 5.
Repeat  :)

