Joyce from Privy Skin Care uses a fabulous line called Rhonda Allison!
The products are effective and they smell so good as well!
She is a knowledgeable and caring esthetician.
Sharon Williams - esthetician

Joyce has great energy.
She ensures that you walk away from a treatment feeling completely refreshed.
Both my skin and mind were happier from my trip to Privy Skin Care.
Highly recommended!

Fabulous experience.
Very gentle touch and SO relaxing.
Joyce is highly knowledgable in her field and very caring as well.
I highly recommend her!

I bought a Best of Las Vegas coupon and got, hands down, the best facial!
Joyce was great.. knows her stuff.
I highly recommend her to anyone that needs a facial.

Joyce is very knowledgable and kind.
Facials are very relaxing and I always leave feeling refreshed!
Very happy I started going to her...you will not be disappointed!

I had a friend refer me to Joyce and couldn't be happier!
She so knowledgeable about skin care and takes the time and effort to make sure your experience is a great one.
I have recommended her to all of my friends and wouldn't let anyone else touch my skin (or my eyebrows!
) Fantastic!

Excellent!
I used a groupon, but I will be back on a regular basis.
Joyce was on time, pampered me, entertained me and treated me wonderfully.
She did not up sell, or criticize my previous routine.
Nor did she push her products, or services.
She was genuine and knowledgeable.
I will be a new customer from now on

Joyce is the best at what she does.
I go to her to get my eyebrows shaped and she goes above and beyond to get them look the way i want them and its a very challenging task given that my poor brows have been thru some unprofessional hands in the past 3 years.
But shes done her best to get them to look as good as they did on my wedding 5 years ago.
I highly recommend her.
She is patient but a perfectiomist.
Thank you Joyce!

I've been all over Vegas for a deep clensing facial because I have bad breakouts and cystic acne.
Joyce by far is the most knowledgeble and gentlest esthetician.
She takes her time with the whole process and I like how she recommends better habits to keep my skin clear.
I've been going to her for a year now, and I've noticed my acne spots and breakouts have reduced.

I will keep coming to Joyce.
She is very knowledgeable and loves what she does.
My skin looks and feels great!
Highly recommended!

Joyce is awesome.
She really cares about your skin and knows what to do to make it better.
Sorry I had to move away from Vegas and her services.

I love getting my facials at Privy!
My mother and I go once a month.
Joyce is very professional and our skin is always perfect when we leave.
comfortable office with convenient location near 215/tropicana-- everyone should REALLY give her a try!

I found Joyce here at yelp and went to her because of my acne that is out of control since moving to vegas.
She is simply awesome!!!!
I have gone to so many people over the years since I was 14, never once did I meet someone who understood skin so well.
She knows her stuff, carries great products that make your face feel good and really cares.
The reason this review is so long is because she is worthy of it, today I left her office past 8 pm, she closes at 7.
I have recommended her to my coworkers, after just my second visit I feel like my face has improved 20-25% already.
I could go on and on but im just going to say go visit her and find out for yourself that she is amazing!!!

Went to Joyce for the 3rd time, very happy because my skin has been improving and people at work have  noticed.
She has helped me so much and is simply amazing, provides a wealth of knowledge on things to do and things to avoid.

Joyce is AWESOME!
I have been going with her for the last 3 years.
I loved how she makes you feel comfortable from the first day.
She is very knowledgable in skin care and really takes her time when she works on you.
I have worked in kitchens for years and she was able to reduce my pores and overall give me a better skin routine.
She is very professional and takes her job and clients seriously.
If you haven't tried her your missing out.
Trust me, you will no be disappointed....EVER!

Joyce is the most experienced aesthetician!
She is kind, soft spoken and gentle.
She takes each client's needs very seriously and works very hard to help them solve their skin issues.
I wouldn't  go anywhere else!

Worth the drive.
I now live in San Diego and make it a point to go see Joyce as often as possible.
Meticulous !!!
I just love her facials.
She is so in tune with what your skin needs.
There is no wipe on wipe off standard treatment, like you get and some of the salons.
She gives you the facial YOU need.
She leaves no black heads on my face.
I clean and younger when I leave.
The place is relaxing and spotless.
No hustle on the sales.
Thank You Joyce, now please move closer to SD.

Been going to Joyce for a year now.
My skin has gotten so much better since I started.
What I love most is that after a year, she's still consistent in providing the same friendly, professional care clients expect.
Still gives 100% of her time and attention during my facials.
I am truly blessed I found her and have her as my skin guru.

Joyce is incredible and has some very great information and ways to upkeep my skin.
I came in for a Acne Treatment, and she was very thorough with my skin and making  sure of my history.
My after appointment my skin felt incredible and a lot better.
Thanks again Joyce!

