For fast food burgers, this is indeed quite good.
This location is a welcome shot in the arm for Metro Square and the MetroCenter area.
The burgers and fries were good, the service friendly and quite fast.
Four and a half stars, but I'm bumping it up to 5 because the staff was able to manage the madness of opening day well - including the long queue of cars at the drive-thru.

New location at Metrocenter mall, just like iain B. said....this area needs a stimulus in a bad way.
It is close to my office as well so I am happy to have this location nearby.
The burgers here are consistently great for the value.
I actually crave the consistent flavor of the special sauce, I tried the double burger yesterday but I have to say that the single patty isn't much meat but it is a perfect amount because it tastes great and of course I am consuming less red meat....which my wife tells me I have a problem, ha ha.
Anyway, great food, great service, great value ($5 combo meal), and now close to work.
Yippee!

Woot!!!
So excited to have a In and Out close to the house!
The hubs went by on Friday night and picked up some burgers and fries for dinner!
So Yum!
Everything always tastes so fresh!
I am a huge fan of the fries!
I think its great that they put an In and Out in the location they did, Metro needs some new life breathed into it!
Plus its right off the I-17 which makes sense for the long distance travelers to swoop in and grab something to eat.

So about once every 2-3 months I get a craving that only In n Out can satisfy.
A # 2 or # 3 Animal Style with grilled AND fresh onions, with a root beer to drink.
Occasionally I'll order the fries well done but usually just let them cook them normally.
Ohhh man...while not the best burger ever, when given the choice of fast food burger joints I will choose In n Out at least  90% of the time.
This location is one of the newest in the Valley and conveniently located off I-17 on the North side of Peoria Ave.
The service is as friendly and professional as any of their other locations.

So there is only one thing that stops me from being a Vegan- Wait for it, Yelp, you guessed it- hamburgers.
Ok, maybe not just one thing but burgers are certainly high up there on the list.
Love me a good burger.
Sorry cows.
Yes I do love animals but my willpower fails me when it comes to a great juicy meat patty.
But I digress.
In regards to INOB Frankly, everyone raves about this place and I never got it.
There are so many better hamburgers in town.
All the times I went here did not leave a memorable impression in my brain, good or bad.
sooooooooo, when I saw they opened one more centrally located I decided to go again with the soul purpose of writing a review.
(Hmmmm that's a switch for foodie Mary here who usually only goes to eat first and write second)     INOB is known for using real meat and not processed patty garbage- so give them a check on the positive.
( And they might be one of the few fast food restaurants that uses real food) In N Out is know for their wonderful hiring procedures and employee and employer relations.
(gotta love that in today's day and age) - another check- INOB burgers cost under 5 bucks and a little bit over for a combo- WOWZA checkmate!
(Mary does not like paying 10- 15 dollars for a good hamburger.
She will, haha, but doesn't like to)     Ok, so now onto the negative-( Sigh, I know but I have to share)  Crazy busy places make me nervous and messes up the shopping center parking lot when I need to got to Michael's- check minus for almost getting hit five times getting there today.
French Fries-ewhhhhh!
Why were they cold if they serve them fresh?
I know I am very picky about temperature and fries.I don't eat fries to much anymore so I want them to be really good when I indulge because I hate to throw them out and waste food and money.
They just aren't that good here- check minus.
And now onto the golden reason I liked today's visit the best----- It was the customer service!
( big roar in the background inserted here)  Jeepers Kreepers INOB staff members can ya keep the smileage down please?
Do you have to be so nice?
LOL!
I swear they send the staff to happy, friendly, excellent customer service college.
They are all very nice and give service with a smile.
Eye contact and everything.
(Makes the longer wait a little but more manageable)  It is amazing how they beat out the others by a mile in this dept.
Even better than some fancy restaurants.
So in conclusion, is INOB the best burger in town- no far from it.
Is it good- yes.
Is it the best burger for fast food under 15 bucks -HMMMMMMM, well you decide.
I'll never tell.
But to tell you my secret It is in my two top favorites.
You will have to guess which one I like more.
I do admit my favorite though comes nowhere close in the Customer Service dept and the Phoenix locations can't match the back east versions.
So with that said many of my Westerner Peeps might end up picking INOB as their first choice.
So, enjoy and be happy there is finally one more centrally located.
And from the line out the door I think it is about time.
PS- you might want to tell them to hold the onions though.
Wehhhh 6 hours later and my breath is still reliving the experience.

My husband says, "Can you write a review when I brought you food and you did not go to the restaurant?
" I replied, "Yes I can!
" Love In and Out!
In fact, people who live in states without In and Out are jealous of those of us who are able to enjoy the succulent burgers whenever we want!
The burgers are juicy and yummy.
I am not a huge fan of the fries, but because the burgers are so good, the fires are really an after thought for me.
I wish they would embrace the idea of a curly fry.
No one really offers a good curly fry any more.
Other than Chipolte, this is the only fast food my hubby and I eat, and we eat it rarely, but now with the new location, we are becoming regulars.
So glad they are breathing new life into this area which is our part of town!

This burger place recently opened up in our neck-of-the-woods and we couldn't be anymore delighted.
For us, it's our brunch-date, just us two while we are out running errands.
My husband is a vegetarian so this may not seem like a place he should visit.
Unless you know that they have grilled cheese on the "secret" menu.
Oops, maybe I let our a little secret, but that sandwich is damn good!
It's basically a burger (yup all the toppings) without the meat.
We get ours with grilled onions....YUMMY!

Great burgers and fries are okay.
I have to try that animal style :) the bad thing about this place is there's not that much room to eat and you'll be waiting on your car to the outside for a bit..it gets packed afternoon.

It's been a while since I've had In N Out, so yesterday I decided to stop by for lunch.
I had been to the dentist earlier that morning & my teeth were still hurtin, so I decided to avoid any long drive thru lines & go after the lunch rush at about a quarter till 2pm.
When I pulled up there was still a bit of a wait, about 6 or 7 cars were in front of me.
I can only imagine how long that line gets at noon!
Any way, I ordered a #2 animal style with a dr. pepper.
Everything was so tasty & I finished it all!
Total for a cheeseburger, medium drink & fries was less than 6 bucks, so awesome.
Best fast food burger by far!
P.S.
I love how pleasant the employees working at In N Out are, it's very refreshing :)

You know when everyone seems to love something, but then you experience it for yourself and it's very anticlimactic?
Well, that's how I feel about this joint.
I just don't get it.
It's so average, nothing special.
Still people rave like they're having an orgasm.
I'm sure this will sound like am an elitist, but I guess if your only options were Burger King, Wendy's, or McDonalds this place might deserve 3 stars.

I was afraid the myth and the legend of In N Out Burger would be hard to live up to, but I am pleased to say that it did live up to the hype.
I've heard people proselytize In N Out, I've seen the long lines of cars waiting for a chance to revel in its sanctity, and I've wonder why there is so much praise for an inglorious bun and and meat patty?
The answer is that they keep things simple and fresh.
Nothing fancy, nothing over the top.
Just a bun, a good sized patty of ground beef, cheese, lettuce and a slice of tomato.
That's it.
No fussy, no trying to redefine the hamburger, and no feeling like you just ate a bun full of grease.
And, the french fries?!
I guess I never knew what real french fries, straight from potato to oil to basket, tasted like.
They are fantastic!
I wish it hadn't taken me so long to discover In N Out.
But I am glad I finally got to see what the fuss was all about.
I'm definitely a convert now!

This is very much a review of this location and not the chain.
It would be nice if the busy periods where they have an order taker outside was done with a bit more courtesy,"what do you want"  wouldn't be it.
Small enough to ignore but add in the fact diet soda has never been root beer, my kids hamburger with only ketchup/tomato now = cheeseburger.Nice one.
Also these have to be the worst travelling burgers re their heat retention.
I live pretty close and it wasn't remotely as good as eating it right there, e.g, 3 minutes is a long time in the desirability of this food.
So that's 1 order, 3 things wrong it's like they think they are fricking Wendy's or something:)

This location is fine.
Not the best I've been to and not the worst.

I know there were others before me in the diner, but 15 mins for JUST cheese fries?

Always friendly and great food but the person working the last window through the drive-through messed up....he just gave me my order and didn't repeat back what it was and seemed in a hurry to do something else than take the time for the customer at the drive-through.
Otherwise I would have given them 5 stars.

I am an animal and I can prove it because I ate the whole animal style burger and the fries.
It was so good and now I am way too full but happy.
I am glad we don't have them in Denver.
Wait no I am not.
I wish I had a burger and fries from In N Out now.

Excellent fast food burgers !
First experience with in-out burger.

When this place first opened I was a bit concerned because the level of customer service at ANY store near or inside Metrocenter usually leaves much to be desired.
However I must say that IN-N-Out has defied the odds and continues to impress me with the way they run their business.
Friendly employees, fresh food, and great service are the reasons I continue to visit there (even though I loathe Metrocenter overall).
Think about this; they dispatch a person outside to take orders if the drive thru line is too long to make sure your order gets in and you don't leave frustrated.
Really.
Would ANY other place do that?
Not a chance.
Also, out of all the times I have been there, they have NEVER gotten my order wrong.
I am a bit picky with my food and I never have to worry, I can trust them to get it right the first time.
The employees are CLEARLY paid better wages than other burger joints which means something to me as well.
They are happy to be there (for the most part) and this is evident in the level of service they provide.
My ONLY, and I mean only critique of this In-N-Out Burger location is the shall we say, interesting, way the drive thru is set up.
Series of cones to direct you in and when you get out you are in a parking lot of Burlington Coat Factory with many people (usually) walking in the lot.
Other than that, this place is a great place to stop in and grab a burger.
Oh and the inside is constantly being cleaned up and I have not seen a "bad" time to go there.
Obviously pretty much always busy, but that is to be expected for the service they provide and the excellent food they make.

27th Ave and Peoria....
This area really needed the In N Out boost!
This one is right around the corner from my house.
On multiple times I've order my usual:  Double double animal style, extra lettuce, extra tomatoes, extra spread, chopped chilis, buns extra toasty, extra spread on the side Fries EXTRA well done  Not once, not even on their most busiest of days, have they tripped up my order.
I'm no fool.
I would *NEVER* take such an order to go.
The spongy bun is meant to be eaten immediately, while the burger is hot and the condiments cold.
Always reliably fresh.
Always reliably friendly service.
Always reliably clean.
LOTS of love for In N Out, especially for bringing a bit of So Cal to my neighborhood.

Great if you need food now.
Simple menu.

Employees are very nice the food was ok

Good burgers but the fries were quite soggy.

The hype was right.
At 32, I had my first In N Out experience.
All you west coasters are right to be uppity...their burgers are hands-down the best fast-food burgers out there.
I had tried to go to In N Out while I was in San Diego in December, but there aren't any there.
When I went to Arizona in March, "eating an In N Out burger" was first in my list of things to do.
I almost didn't get to!
We were only in Phoenix one day because of the rain storms (wtf, right?
) and then went to Sedona.
Where there are no In N Outs.
On the way back from Sedona (the only day of sunshine was the day we flew out), I frantically searched Yelp, 4Square, Google Maps, and the In N Out website to find one that was on the way to the airport.
This is it!
"It" meaning the closest In N Out to the Phoenix airport if you're coming from the north.
My double double was perfectly cooked, had exactly what I wanted on it (and nothing I didn't want), the cheese was gooey and delicious, and the fries were very fresh.
I only wish I hadn't had to wolf the food down to make my flight.
I chanced missing my flight to eat this burger.
What a sad fat-kid moment that would have been.

The food; really good, especially for the price.
I noticed a few "yelpers" prefer McDonald's over this place.
My only comment to them is that these same folks would probably eat dog crap if you put syrup on it and call it tasty.
Those people obviously have never had a good hamburger.
McDonald's is the bottom of the barrel guys, IN-N-OUT is the creme de la creme.
Anyway, I always order mine special, (no sauce, add mustard and extra mustard on the side).
It's always correct.
The only drawback is the parking lot and not enough tables inside the restaurant to comfortably seat everyone at the busy lunch time.
(Saw some folks waiting to find a table and they ended up eating outside due to nowhere to sit inside).
IN-N-OUT might want to make the restroom area smaller and increase the inside dining area.
Other than that, the food was great and the price was more than reasonable.
I also appreciated the good customer service.
Very rare these days.

Ok, so far in my life and all of the burger joints I have been this was takes the cake.
In and Out is a trifecta great taste, top of the line ingredients and amazing prices.
When you walk in the door it is extremely clean and the staff are wearing the burger uniforms of olden days.
Walking up to the counter you will find a menu with minimal choices but not bad choices.
As you order you can visibly watch them fresh cut the fries and make your mouth watering burger.
I lived in Arizona for two years and now the I'm back on the East Coast, I really wish we had them here!

I should probably start by saying..
I am pregnant and had been looking forward to this CHEESE burger all day.
I ordered ONE CHEESE burger WITH onion... And a French fry.
Lady asked if I will be eating in the car, I said No.. She says "okay we will bag that for you.
" Great.
I get to the window... Lady tries handing me a box of food.
I said no...
I need that bagged.. She acted put off By it.
I get home..
Still excited.. Open my burger...
It's a patty, bread and lettuce..... Clearly not what I ordered.
Receipt CLEARLY says what I ordered.
I'll keep driving a little further to bell rd.
I attached a picture for a visual.
Ha.
Not happy

Finally made it around to this In-N-Out location for lunch today.
Of course the place was packed since I arrived at 12:20 but the ordering line moved along at good speed & friendly Anthony took my order.
After ordering, all the seating was taken at first, but soon a table came up a charged over to it, as did a couple visiting from Chicago.
We agreed to have lunch together & it was fun for all.
:-)  I got to share that an In-N-Out burger was the first thing I ever ate outside of my parents & relatives' houses.
It was Sept. 6, 1950, I was 3, & my dad had just surprised my Mom with a brand new Powder Blue '51 Chevy convertible for her Birthday, with the top down & a big red ribbon across the hood.
She dropped me into the passenger seat & off we whizzed down Baldwin Avenue & east on Highway 66 a bit to to In-N-Out in Baldwin Park, California.
(See photo.
)  Amazingly, Highway 66 has fizzled down to being the service road for the 10 Freeway, but In-N-Out is still there, howbeit remodeled a bit (to speak in 1950 English).
:-))  I loved my first Cheeseburger (except for the onions...
Mom took them off.
)  Also, amazingly, the food is still exactly the same as it was then, except that they have expanded the menu some to include the Double Double, and the "secret" items.
:-)  Today I had a Double Double Burger with everything & of course it was great, as was the generous serving of Fries, which I always order well done.
That way they're nice & crispy but retain the great potato-y taste that we get from In-N-Out fries because they don't blanch them!
They just put them through the slicer, right into the hot, fresh oil & cook them straight through until they're done.
No seasoning except a little fine salt to bring out the pure potato taste.
Yum!
Prices?
Still great!
Double Double $3.30, Fries $1.50.
5 Stars?
Of course!
:-))

I have always loved their burgers, maybe it is their fresh ingredients they use or just the taste of the burger compared to other fast food places.

I didn't mean to do it.
I created a monster.
The Buddha asks for In n Out at least once a week now.
Animal fries, shakes, the whole shebang!
It's cool though.
We don't eat fast food too often and I love it almost as much as he does.
Plus this is kind of our drive in movie staple.
We always order the same thing and we always get way too full.
The service here is touch and go at best.
Everyone is friendly enough the majority of the time...    Aside from the service, I can't differentiate much on this location from others.
They are all relatively the same.
Pretty consistent on preparation and store design.
Yum.
I want animal fries now.

What a great place!
Double double animal style with fries; really nothing on earth can beat that.
Service is prompt, food came out hot and delicious and the restaurant is clean and spacious.
Definitely a great place to grab a burger!

Love the burgers but hate the fries.
What more can Only say?
It is what it is...
I wish they used real potatoes that don't taste like you are eating a towel.

This In N Out Burger is the best thing about this rather depressing part of Phoenix.
I stayed in the area for two nights solely based on the proximity to an In N Out Burger.
The place is spotlessly clean, and everyone is extremely friendly.
We ordered cheeseburgers and fries and chocolate shakes.
Everything was great, I was stuffed.
It's always fun to eat fast food you can't get at home.
A great first time visit!

I'm made because they're not open right now, but it's also 6 A.m... Their food it too good to get anything less than 5 stars.

What's the big deal about this place?!?
The burgers taste the same like any other burger joint.
The Fries are nothing special either!
The food is priced well but what's all the hype about?
Am I missing something here?
This is a normal burger joint and almost everyone is saying this is the best burger ever?
Really?!?
Sorry, nothing special here.

After a long day watching the Dodgers at Camelback Ranch and watching a movie at the Glendale Drive-In, you'll get hungry!
With me being hundreds of miles away from Los Angeles, there is no better place to grab a late night snack than at In-N-Out in Phoenix.
Located on the shopping center with Michael's and Staples on 28th & Peoria, you'll find SoCal's famous In-N-Out in Arizona.
A couple hours earlier, there was a car crash and on that intersection and tons of local law enforcement.
When I came back around 12am, there were a lot of Arizona Highway Patrol cars at the In-N-Out.
It looks like a lot of them were taking their break.
There were even more when I left.
I didn't eat in since there were more coming in.
I guess you can call this a temporary HQ for the Arizona Highway Patrol.
It had been awhile since I ate anything at In-N-Out.
So, I ordered what I use to order: a 3x3 Burger ($4.35) with everything on it and Animal Style French Fries ($3.50).
I didn't realize that the Animal Fries was put into the microwave with the cheese.
If I have to describe what it tastes like, then you really need to add In-N-Out to your bucket list.
Yeah, there are tons of Sonic locations, but if there is an In-N-Out, you know where my priorities lie!
I still dream of a 100x100 challenge, but I am not sure if I want to add that to my things to do.
Maybe I'll keep trying out more of their not-so secret menu.
Do you think I write too much?
Well, you can call me a Yelp-O-Holic!

Went on Saturday around noon.
They were slammed (drive thru and inside)!
Well run establishment!
Approx.
15 workers in back doing an outstanding job getting orders taken and served.
Happy workers!
With the limited menu it was easy and so fast!
Good food.
Fresh.
Thin meat.
Peppers were pleasant surprise.
Nice.
Fair price.

We were visiting from out of town and had to introduce In & Out to the kids.
Big hit!
Great place for the occasional, but always pleasing, burger and fries.
Only gripe is the small size of the burger patty - adults should probably opt for double patty.
We love the simple menu, fresh cut fries, and service.
Plenty of staff on hand.
Clean store.
Build some in Atlanta!

This place is always, always packed.
I will not ever take the drive-through because it is forever.
When the customer line is long they will/do put additional persons at the registers.
The burgers are served freshly-made and the flourishes are very fresh.
There is a member of my party who refers to this place as his 'church' (silly boy).
It has always appeared clean to me, even the water closets.

