I am VERY picky about my eyebrows and hardly let anyone touch them.
(Past experiences left my brows looking like strings!
) But here, here is a different story.
I come here for both my upper lip and eye brows.
They really take the time to listen to what you would like and even have different ways of threading, more hygienic ways.
I took a friend here from out of town and she was amazed, so was I at what they could do for her brows!
hehe The girls are great and extremely friendly.
I would definitely recommend this place for threading.

Extremely caring ladies who use hygenic methods for quick threading!
I love this place along with my WHOLE family for everything from skin care to gorgeous accesories.

the ONLY place to get your eyebrows done!!

Owner is very friendly.
And they always do a great job on my eyebrows.they clean up and not make me look gay.

Best threading place in the valley- she has invented her own device to help threading.
Instead of holding the thread in your mouth they put it around a necklace.
Way more sanitary than the other places- great service great quality overall a fabulous place to go.
The girls are very thorough when they see you.
They have a stamp card too!

Sajoona is the BEST!
I've been to many places to get my eyebrows groomed in various ways but none of them have kept me going back.
Even my older sister who is a self proclaimed "brow snob" absolutely fell in love with Sajoona's personality and knowledge of good brows!
I highly recommend anyone who is looking to really kick their brows back into shape to go here, the prices are reasonable and the threading artists are friendly and quick.
I always go in without an appointment but both women are very accommodating!

Jana is amazing!
I'm very picky when it comes to my brows and she did an outstanding job.
They don't use their mouth when using thread they use a necklace!
Way cooler, better and less painful.
They charge $11 and I know everyone usually charges $10 for their brows but it is worth the extra $1!!

