I really needed to get my eyes checked, and since I no longer have VSP, I like coming to Lenscrafters since I get a discount through AAA.
They took $10 off my eye exam and 15% off my lenses (I think it's 30% off if you get a full pair of glasses).
The staff were really friendly and helpful.
They did a great job at taking care of each person's individual needs.
I really liked the woman who checked me in, did my initial exam, and helped with my lens purchase (I think her name was Sharon?
) The optometrist I had was very nice and he was able to help me figure out why I had problems with my vision that it seems no one in the past could figure out even though I told them.
They got my lenses put in after about half an hour which was great.
It's also nice having it in that new shopping strip since H&M is across the way and it didn't seem like too long of a wait.
Great place and service!

I went here because my new vision insurance covered Lens Crafters and this was close to my house.
I was so pleasantly surprised.
Not only was the doctor knowledgable and very nice, but the office manager there was AWESOME!!
She helped me navigate my insurance to get the most bang for my buck and when I screwed up and gave my regular debit card instead of my HSA card (forgot because we were laughing and chatting so much) she rerang everything the next day which included contacting my insurance to make sure it was resubmitted properly.
I would recommend this office to EVERYONE!
Great experience!

I have been having trouble with the LensCrafters in Fashion Square for about a week.
All I get is runaround.
I went into get new glasses  with my insurance.
After I picked out frames I sat down with a guy to tell them what I needed.
I gave him the frames I chose and said that I wanted Polycarbonate lens.
He mentioned I should have the anit-reflective coating and I said ok anyway He started figuring the price and said it was close to what I paid last time with the same glasses.
What he did not mention that he included a service agreement for $29.99.
I is my somewhat my fault since I did not read the complete receipt, I took for granted that since the price was close to last time it was the same.
Anyway I called up and told them I did not want the service agreement and Kay said she would refund it.
That was on Monday and should would refund my credit card for the amount.
I waited 2 days and did not hear anything so I called again and was told the Sharon King would have to do the refund since she was the manager and I would be done and I would get a call back, I did not one.
I called on Friday and was told that Devin would be doing the refund Friday and again nothing.
This store is really bad for customer serivce.
I would not recomend them for anything.

I've been going to this location for 2 years now and pretty satisfied.
All of my exams are done very thoroughly and I never feel rushed.
They have quite extensive options for contact lens wearers - especially around Halloween time!
Want to look like a cat, devil or zombie?
Check 'em out!
Only constructive feedback is when you are promised a follow-up call, please follow through on this and actually make the call.
I've had this happen a number of times.
When I've tried asking about this, it's a bunch of finger-pointing at "the other Receptionist".
Tsk tsk...

