Angie is the best!
She was able to help me recover from a serious kink in my neck, and had me feeling better after my first appointment.
The staff was very friendly and easy to work with too.
I highly recommend her!

This is a wonderful practice.
Awesome patient care and customer service.
Dr. Christopher is amazing.
I highly recommend going there if you are having any trouble.

I can't believe the professionalism and wonderful patient care from this office!
It is amazing!
Would recommend to anyone in need of care!

Dr. Christopher is the best!
I have been to chiropractors all over the valley and Dr. Christopher is the only one to really become determined to help me find the source of my pain.
I have scar tissue, car accidents and liposuction behind me, all of which have caused problems over the years.
I am doing so much better finally!
We are working on strengthening so that I can become strong and out of pain, no other chiropractor has ever done this!
Plus her staff rocks!!!
Give her a try, she is smart as a whip and will do all she can to help you!!

This is the second year I have been a patient at Ahwatukee Spine and Disc Center.
Dr. Christopher is the most knowledgeable and caring chiropractor I have experienced anywhere in the valley.
She is realistic about my long term challenges but has also been extremely effective in addressing minor injuries that cause daily discomfort.
I have avoided more invasive treatments because of her expertise.
She employees other professions who also exceed my expectations with the compassion and skill that they demonstrate.
I highly recommend this office and staff.
I am very grateful for the support that is provided by this team for my optimum health.

The billing department does not seem to be adequate.
They keep resubmitting the same claims over and over to the insurance company a year later!
They have already been paid!

I had never been to a chiropractor before going to Ahwatukee spine and disc.
I was skeptical to say the least.
Dr. Christopher and the staff there were efficient, knowledgable and kind.
I went for the first time when I hurt my knee in a road bike accident.
The care was great and the treatment helped.
I also went through my pregnancy for adjustments and messages with the great massage therapists.
I think it will be even better when the practice moves to Ray Road and expands to offer more services.

I know a lot of people have opinions about chiropractors one way or another - but you really have to put those feelings aside when going to Ahwatukee Spine and Disc.
Dr. Rudd and Dr. Christopher do much more than just crack you and say, "See you next Thursday.
"  Their goal is to make it so they don't have to see you next Thursday.
In addition to adjustments, they also provide decompression, active release therapy (a personal favorite), kinesiology taping, ultrasound, stretching, therapeutic exercises to help cure imbalance and weakness, facial stretching, and massage (with they run through insurance!!
)  I am willing to even go as far to say that Dr. Rudd and Dr. Christopher DON"T want to see next Thursday.
Their increasing popularity makes them very busy.
In fact, they have recently purchased and designed a larger space, so that they can treat more patients and offer more services.
In the meantime though, they work through their lunch to accommodate patients.
I had that happen to me two weeks ago - I watched Dr. Rudd literally eat half of a 6-inch Subway sandwich in one gigantic man-bite so that he could give me the time and treatment I needed.
Dr. Christopher is an Ironman finisher, and Dr.Rudd is a lifelong runner (in his heyday, he even beat an elite track star!
She was a girl, but that is aside the point).
The point is that they understand how it important it is to feel good and empathize with their patients.
Dealing with scoliosis my entire life has led me into the doors of many chiropractors.
Some where good, some were bad...but none of them left me feeling like they really cared about me.
However, that is how I feel when I go to Ahwatukee Spine and Disc.
I know that Dr. Christopher and Dr. Rudd want me to be pain free, running fast and feeling my best.
In this day and age, it is hard to find people who truly have your best interest, which makes Ahwatukee Spine and Disc a diamond in the rough.

