Without a doubt the best auto detailing anywhere.
All work is done by the owner himself with exceptional attention to every detail.
My car was in need of a lot of work and I am amazed that it looked so beautiful when it was done.
My car never looked this good.
Mobile service is available and  all power and purified water is supplied,  and prices are very reasonable .
I highly recommend this auto detailing service.

Yes, it did!
I'm proud to say I'm a football mom to a very messy 8 year old.
My Toyota 4Runner is the typical "Mom" car with toys in the back and food crumbs everywhere.
Randy with Let is Shine has turned my very used vehicle into something that looks brand new!
I have had my vehicle detailed twice now and each time I'll say...No more eating in my car!
Well, it only lasts for awhile, but I'm glad to know Let It Shine can have it  Shining again in no time.
When I get my car washed, I always get in back with streaks on the windshield.
When I get my car back from Let it Shine, no streaks and when you look under the hood you'll be amazed how it sparkles.
Think about it, your engine is dusty and do you really want to touch your battery?
After having your car detailed with them, you'll be showing it off to family and sad once it gets dirty again.
Check out his before and after pictures for yourself on facebook.
Like they say,  a picture is worth a thousand words...your car can be worth thousands more after a Let It Shine full auto detail.

Don't get me wrong, he is a very talented guy, just not much in my opinion when it comes to basic business ethics.
We agreed on a price for a complete detail..I even paid him an extra $50 to clean the haze off the headlights...we shook hands.
When I picked up the car the engine, trunk even the console glove compartment were untouched and dirty.
When I asked him about it he said said he realized he had charged me too little for the job and thus didn't do a complete job.
I know,...can you believe that???
Anyway  I found another guy to do my other car for a lot less and with GREAT results.
He also did what Let it Shine didn't do for free.
Anyway a cautionary tale for "Let It Whine" Auto Detailing.

I just read this guys comeback to my review.
First, I only used his service one time before not twice as he claimed...
He did a good job on the whole car (for less than he billed me for this shoddy job).
Then I didn't have to point out obvious  things like vacuuming the trunk and center console, he just did it.
Things I didn't notice until I got the car home.
Those snotty texts he is referring to is me telling him that those full service down and dirty car washes he made fun of during his sales pitch, do those things and don't have to be "taken by the hand" for the painfully obvious.
Again, the same type of businesses he made fun of when he explained his services to me.
Not looking for much, just to be honest and upfront from the start.
yes I did leave him another car, but made a bee line there to pick it up once I saw how his standards went down hill and his prices up.
I wish him, and you well.

