Nice trendy bar which is frequented by locals and students alike , good food at reasonable prices , students get good deals , loads of plasma tv's showing sport all day.

I'd been wanting to go to the Kilted Pig for ages, simply because I think it has the coolest name for a pub, ever.
I finally had my chance last week when a few people from work headed there for Friday beers.
I was surprised when I walked in because it has the feeling of being too bright and cluttered with tables, while not terribly busy.
I think they tried to fit in too many tables without considering people moving between them - I noticed the wait staff struggling to get around to pick up glasses.
I don't really have much to say as a pro or con about the place other than I didn't feel comfortable or enjoy the vibe.
It didn't make me want to stay and have another pint, which I would have thought would be the goal of a pub, no?

The Kilted Pig is near my workplace so sadly we sometimes go for drinks or lunch (no longer) with colleagues.
I say sadly because I'd rather avoid the place.
The food.
Or rather what they call food.
Best avoided.
For instance, I had the worst Ceasar salad ever (I mean, how difficult is it to make a Ceasar salad?).
The burger appears to be only safe option.
So if you happen to be there for food, stick to that.
It's quite a gathering for sports watching, so best avoided when there's football on.
Because there is far too much furniture is this bar, it makes it difficult to get to the bar or to the toilets.
The drinks are city centre prices.
And no, I don't want to pay £4 for a G&T in that part of town, sorry!
The only upside in summer is the outside sitting, a very sunny spot at 5.00pm, don't forget the sunglasses!

Came here with some work colleagues for a quick lunch.
I've been for drinks a few times and I find it a reasonable local pub but wondered how it would be for lunch.
The Kilted Pig do a reasonable lunch menu of light bites (I think priced between £3.50 and £8) and includes soup, sandwiches, baked potatoes, fish pie, risotto and stovies.
Plus you are still able to order off the normal menu.
We all ate off the lunch menu and although nothing fancy, everyone was impressed with their portions and enjoyed the food.
We were just over the £50 for 6 lunches, a bottle of wine and 3 soft drinks so we couldn't complain.
I had booked a table a couple of days before.
After explaining we needed a quick turnaround, I was given menu's away with me so we could phone in a pre-order before heading down so good service too.

well I think this place is ok.
I come here every year for christmas eve and get drunk with my crazy family,the jacksons are somewhat famous in this place.
the food is quite good!
its a shame Nel J had such a bad experience!!
drinks are too expensive though!

A pub in my time of need.
I was looking for a place to watch some Friday night football and the Kilted Pig performed admirably.
It's a suburban place and from what I could see (when not enjoying an entertaining 2-2 draw) it has a loyal clientele.
Regular drinking buddies meeting up, blokes clustered round high tables, couples meeting up with other couples.
The staff are attentive, buzzing about the place in a higher ratio to customers than many a bar in Edinburgh.
I had a bite to eat too, taking the bar tender's recommendation.
He recommended the blue cheese burger, which isn't on the menu, but it was duly served up and went down a treat.
The usual array of chips, salad and sauces were par for the course and saw me well supped by full time.
Now, I'd eaten in here many years earlier and been heartily disappointed by the thin patty of meat that was served up luke warm... the time's they appear to have been a'changed however and I'd be happy to return for more.
Why no more stars?
It's a fairly standard place that does what it does well with few bells or whistles.

