I was looking into doing a short sale or foreclosure for my home but wasn't sure which was the best option for me and my family.
Becky Cholewka sat down with us way after closing time and helped educate us on the different options.
She was extremely thorough in going over each one and was super patient, friendly and accomodating.
She never made me feel like I was asking the wrong questions and never pressured us to leave even after we had taken up quite a bit of her valuable time.
I will personally use her for all of my attorney needs going into the future because of her professionalism and willingness to help.
Find a trusted attorney before you need one.
Becky Cholewka of Cholewka Law has my business, and will get a recomendation to all of my friends and family.

I was so fortunate to have met Becky before I needed an attorney.
She has been so great with her advice during a very hard time in my life.
I would always recomend and trust her with my family, friends and strangers.

I never thought I'd find myself needing a family lawyer but that is life and it was nice that this place was seconds away from home for me.
Really though, if she was located in downtown Phoenix I would have still made the drive to meet up with Becky.
I'm so glad I did set up a meeting with her.
I have a pretty simple legal procedure I needed to take care of, and during my initial consultation ($100/hr) she was able to tell me everything I needed to do on my own.
If my case was any more complicated I would have for sure used her and I hope to use her again in the future for some of her estate planning when the time comes.
I honestly didn't expect her to be so helpful since that would be the same thing as a client coming to me for making a video or a photo shoot, and I show them how to rent a camera, find someone and do it all on their own for free instead of me making $100's of dollars for my services.
It gets better, I'm working on starting my own business and briefly mention it to her, turns out she is on the board of the small business alliance in the East Valley.
She recommended I attend their networking events and gave me some business card contacts.
So I certainly do plan on getting involved in that too.
I've never had to work with a lawyer before, but if all are as great to work with as Becky (I somehow doubt it though) then I should never have to worry.
Oh, as far as her office, it's downstairs below the Euro Cafe.
Very nice, professional office that I had no idea even existed there if it weren't for Yelp.

We were seriously overdue for updating our estate plan, so when we received a mailer from Cholewka Law on the subject, I set it aside.
When the time was right, I contacted the office and got an appointment within a week.
Becky and Whitney were so thorough and helpful, and dare I say fun?
We are very confident in our new Trust and how it is tailored to fit our particular needs.
It is such a stress reliever, knowing that our children's well being is provided for, with no legal loose ends.
Our boys are young adults, so we scheduled time at our signing to have a "family meeting".
Becky said few people take advantage of this, but I would highly recommend it.
She gave them an explanation of how a Trust works, the specifics of our plan, why we made the decisions we did, etc.
I know that when the time comes, they will feel comfortable contacting the office to get assistance, and I am very confident that they will be treated with kindness, patience and respect.
If you are near Gilbert and looking for a great family lawyer,  I would highly recommend Cholewka Law.

My husband and I wanted to make sure our families won't have to worry if anything were to happen to us.
The best way to make that happen is to have a qualified attorney help us with our estate plan.
We are so impressed with the level of expertise, combined with compassion, that the team at Cholewka Law has shown us.
Our wishes are clearly expressed, so no one will have to make difficult decisions for us.
We've made the decisions, we've prepared, and now a serious and important plan has been put in place.
Our friends at Cholewka Law listened to what was important to us, and helped create one of the most important legal documents of our lives.
Becky Cholewka, and Whitney Paci are thoughtful and intelligent attorneys who show an unbelievable amount of care when guiding their clients.
We are so happy!
We would recommend Cholewka Law to anyone who takes planning for the future seriously.

I am SO glad that I met Becky, Rick and Whitney a few years ago.
I have recommended several clients to them and I know that they will be given exactly the will/estate plan that they need and nothing that they don't.
They do a GREAT job explaining the WHY and the HOW around what could potentially be a difficult conversation.
I know from personal and professional expierence, however, that this conversation and having the right plan in place is worth it.
If you don't, your family could be put in a horrible situation and/or loose a good chuck of your estate to taxes and legal fees.
If you don't have a will - call them today!
You'll be SO glad you did!!

In searching for an Attorney to create our estate plan, we went to a free seminar put on by the Cholewka law firm.
This was the best thing we could have done.
The information was detailed enough but you didn't feel pressured or rushed into making any decisions moving forward.
As a result, we chose to give them a try.
We had several appointments with Becky and Whitney and paid for their service.
What we got was an incredible experience.
They are both extremely pleasant to deal with, professional, and thorough!
They handle the estate plan with simplicity and ease, while making you always feel comfortable and protected the whole way.
Our plan included trusts and wills like many who come here.
In doing our research, we found out that this firm provided one of the most valuable assets of this process.
They actually make sure everything is funded before they conclude with you!
If you don't know what this means... ask others.
Nothing we accomplished would be worth it if this didn't happen.
I am a tough reviewer, but this was easy.
I would highly recommend you use this firm for your estate plan.
You won't regret the service and the hospitality.
It doesn't feel like a law firm.
It feels like well informed family trying to help you with a difficult process that no one wants to tackle.
I promise, they will make it easy!

