Staples at Town Square...when I saw you open up, tears welled in my eyes.
You see, I am a stationary junkie.
Pens, paper, notebooks, folders...these things bring me happiness.
And this Staples just lets me get to my two favorite obsessions within a few yards....stationary and natural foods (Whole Foods).
This Staples makes 5 stars just for it's location.
But then, there's so much more.
They have some killer deals on laptops and netbooks.
The pens I love were Buy 1 Get 1 Free!
I've literally never seen these pens (Pilot G2 Bold) go on sale and this sale was just out of this world.
I had to check with the sales staff to make sure my eyes weren't going crazy.
Oh, and the sales people were great.
Friendly but not annoying...a fine line and they didn't cross it.
Of course, Staples is one of the only brick and mortar (Target is the other) store that sells my next favorite obsession...the Kindle!
Staples is the only large retailer that has an extensive range of eco-friendly office products (sugarcane based paper, recycled plastic bottle pens etc).
Staples is a rather strange addition to Town Square but I know I'm a happy camper.
You can roll your eyes thinking of me obsessing over the new notebooks I purchased today but I'll be having a happy week getting all organized and exploring my penmanship with the multitude of pens that I purchased on sale!

Since no one in this town seems to carry high quality memory cards, we ended up here after 5 stores.
I needed a new card and didn't have time for shipping of a better priced one of higher speed.
Staples had one that would work (well, it had the file transfer speed but not the size I needed - so I got 2).
However, the girl at checkout knew nothing about the return policy and stated "I think you can return this..." um, ok?
Then we swiped our credit card and it didn't read the card and we had to reswipe - the last time we had this happen the card was double charged.
So my bf and I laughed and asked what we do if it gets double charged.
Again, she had no idea and said 'um, call the store'  The store was clean, well organized albeit empty.
We didn't look around as I only needed my memory cards but I am sure there were lots of great things there.
I just would like staff a bit more knowledable or at least pretended to care.

Not really crowded (except for grand opening  had a 1hr wait)  Has Keurig pods with the same price as everywhere else but with less line, hassle, & can take & go  Great sales on copy paper or other things in circular / ad flyer

Are you ready for the Nerdy Dancing Event?
No, then get to Staples to find some essential nerdtastic items.
I picked up a three pack of pocket protectors for .99 cents and will have extra to share with my high water pants wearing companions.
The associates walking around were quick to ask me if I needed help, then guided me towards what I needed.
It is not crowded so they are quick to act if you are remotely looking lost.
Not only can you get all your back to school needs, but Staples can double as a cheap costume store for the geeky or creative.

Clean store.
Well stocked.
Nick, the sales associate was very helpful when I needed info when buying a new printer.
I'll be back for my teaching supplies.

Went on line and found an office desk I really liked.
Did the "reserve & pick up" which states that they will contact the store who will check to make sure the item is in stock and have someone contact you within two hours to pick up your item.
Never heard back anything from the store.
Went back on line the next day to "reserve & pick up" this same desk and it had gone up $110.00.
I contacted the 800 #, after waiting over 8 minutes on hold, I was told, by "Bob" who barely spoke English, that I would have to contact the store and resolve the issue with them.
I didn't bother upsetting myself anymore than I was already upset and  gave up and didn't contact the store.
I can't imagine how well the store would help me or "resolve" the issue since they couldn't contact me the first time.
Went on Targets website and purchased something similar with free shipping and a discount of almost $30 AND I don't have to go pick it up.
Staples needs to step up or step out.

Customer service in their printing department needs some work.
So I see that they are helping someone and that's cool.
So I walk around the store to kill time and when I get back she is finishing up the customer.
Oh and the store is dead.
Just a few customer and I was the kinky one after the customer she was ringing up.
So I wait politely and she walks away and shows someone who works there how to use the punch hole machine.
Ok so I think I waited long enough and she could train him after I leave.
He wasn't even a new employee which I would understand for job shadowing but come on now.
You had me waiting for awhile and tell me to wait a minute.
Ok see you later alligator.
I'm taking my business somewhere else.
PEACE!
Customers first.
Didn't they teach you all that in training.
Come on now.

This place is right in with The Town Square Mall.
Not the biggest Staples store by any means.
I think it gets lots of tourists/convention people who need something while on their trip.
Friendly staff and had my stuff in stock.
Will return if I'm in the area and in need.

After a rocky Fry's experience culminating in not finding what I needed for a trade show, I walked into Staples in a hurry and already frustrated.
Looked around for what I needed, and a very nice (and brave) sales associate approached me to ask if he could help me.
When I told him what I was looking for, he escorted me to the aisle and the selection of merchandise that I was seeking.
He asked what we were doing with it and gave some suggestions on the type and size.
Wow...
I was in heaven!
I took a few more minutes to decide, picked up some tape, and headed to the cash register.
A customer who was being helped at the only register open turned to me to say "This is going to take a long time.
Find another register.
"  I was a bit taken aback and started walking to another register, although none were open.
Another sales associate sprinted over to open up a cash register and, smiling, asked me to step on over.
Wow!
Delightful experience, especially in stark contrast to Fry's.

