In consistent with my dancing venues, this has been a favored cabaret lounge to get me sweating and doing my random dance moves on days my body aches for the exercise it needs, via dance.
Dancing is my exercise since I was a child, early trained at 5 years old in ballet and hula, then jazz, other forms of dance including bellydancing and ballroom dance.
No risque or lewd dance forms for me!
Besides, think about the calories burnt by dancing alone http://www.dietbites.com/pyramid-diet/calories-burned-dancing.html It's enough to get body active.
Ravello is housed inside the sleek and chic M Resort at the far end of Las Vegas Boulevard's Southern section of "The Strip".
Never a problem in finding a parking space in in its tiered parking lots.
Well-lit surroundings of the hotel grounds.
Elegance in this newly-built hotel streams abound and as visually pleasing it is inside this lounge where music and a well-mannered mid 30's and above-aged group crowd revels in music, dancing and cocktails.
Service from an oval bar of Drink Specials and $2 wine or beer, is a plus.
As for the bar and lounge services, it is attention without a long-time wait and with courtesy.
The dance floor is not as crowded to dance in.
There's enough space for the dancefloor crowd without bumping into each other.
Another  feature it boasts of is a beautiful view of Las Vegas especially at night from its picturesque glass window wall.
A live band plays on a stage with music ranging from rock and roll to latest music dance hits.
Best nights to go is on Thursdays through Saturdays.
Seat on the plush contemporary seating area that offers abounding view of the dancefloor and stage.
If not, there are comfortable seats surrounding  the oval bar for bar "hangers".
Is that how bar clients are called?
There's nothing for me to stop me from frequenting this lounge except that it is a drive for me from the center of Vegas.
However, it's an amiable atmosphere to have a good, classy, fun night out with friends in this lounge.
No dance partner needed.

Sound is a bit bouncy & shrill here.
SouthPoint south-most bar has great football sound.
From Super Bowl Sunday...

Talk about a good old time...
The Ravello is a lounge inside of the casino.
They have a live band on the weekends and these guys are GOOD!!!!
Bartenders are heavy handed (although I was only sipping wine).
locals and visitors are very social approachable.
It is hard not to get on the dance floor.
No cover charge.. My secret get out place.

Nice seating, comfy atmosphere and relaxing!
Thursday night has a nice jazz band that you can enjoy.
There's a regular group that must go every week and have a dance routine...
So much fun...
I want to have that much fun at their age!
There is a two drink minimum and it can be alcoholic or not.
The servers aren't the friendliest but they are attentive.
Nice evening, they even have televisions so we didn't miss the basketball game at the same time!

Ravello Lounge is open, spacious, & beautiful.
It has a nice deck with great view.
Went to Vegas Oct 4-6 and looked into Ravello.
A DJ was scheduled Fri & Sat.
We went on Fri.
The DJ's playlist was good, but Ravello was a dead zone.
A small group of 8 and 2 more tables of 3's were around with a few people bar-side.
Not sure if it was the month or the day of the week but there was next to no one there.
It had all the potential to be a great night, but we left to find a better crowd.
Ravello is inside the M hotel.
The M hotel was beautiful and elegant but no one was in the casino either.
That's my review, that's why it gets 2 stars.

