I went to abuelos tacos for dinner with my family.
The service was awesome, and the food was even better!
The tacos and salsa were the best!
We cant wait to go back!!!

I tried this place for the first time last weekend, and I was happy I did.
The staff was super friendly I ordered the carne asada tacos, delicious hand made tortillas.
Great portion sizes.
I definitely wanna go back and try the other menu items

The area is sketchy but the inside is nice.
It is located in Sahara and Lamb so don't be surprised on the cop cars always driving around.
I had a Groupon to spend at this place.
It's totally out of place for me.
I ordered the #1 combo that comes with two tacos, a drink, and chips and salsa (or you could get rice and beans).
I ordered another taco cause I thought two wouldn't fill me up.
I got two asada tacos, and one lengua tacos.
Man oh man, the tortillas are defo homemade and handmade with love.
I took a bite out of my asada taco and surprise in the bottom, refried beans!
I wasn't expecting that!
The chips and salsa...well the salsa was also unexpecting full of sweet and spicy.
The tomatoes were cut not into diced and square norms but smashed.
I actually enjoyed it.
It had a taste of sweetness from the tomatoes and actually spiciness of it being a salsa.
I definitely recommend Abuelita's when you in the east side of Vegas looking for some good Mexican food.

Are you kidding me?!?
This place is so deliceouso!!!
I ordered the carne asada taco combo and this guys are official!
Packed full of asada, pico & tasty-ness!
I'm from san Fernando California so I've had my fair share of legitimate authentic tacos and this place brought me back home.....- the gang fights.
I was also really impressed with how sparkly clean the bathroom was!
(sorry, I'm a girl that's all about a tidy & cute bathroom) Anywho ifyour ever in the area (ie::cgr getting your glass fixed ) Do yourself a solid and get in here!
Great food, great staff and nice clean bathrooms, what more can u ask for??

Abuela's Tacos is awesome!
The handmade tortillas are the bomb and totally make the taco.
The nacho's were really tasty as well.
Everything tastes fresh and authentic.
The environment is nice too.
I'm pretty sure the owners 17 year old daughter was running the place, but she was so nice and professional.
All the food was served quickly and I can't complain!

I cant believe all the reviews on here that are talking about this restaurant being in a bad neighborhood.
I've lived on this side of town my whole life, I mean its no anthem or summerlin, but I promise you have no reason to be afraid to get out of your car!
I hope that those comments don't deter any one from trying this place.

Good food and it look clean... i will go back again

My husband and I were visiting for a convention and I decided to get the groupon just as an excuse to get away from the strip.
We are from San Diego and we have pretty good Mexican food in SD, but Abuela's totally topped anything we have ever had!
The hand made tortillas were so fresh and had amazing flavor.
We had the carne asada, fish and shrimp tacos.
The fish was good, but that is the only one I would say San Diego has anyone beat on.
The meals were not overly salty, all the ingredients went together so well, we are very impressed.
A day later we were craving Abuela's tacos again, but this time I had one of each flavor to go.
oh my talk about deeeelicious, and The barbacoa was AMAZING!
We ended up going back one more time for our drive back, for total of three visits in our six day stay.
We are definitely going to have Abuela's on our list when we come back.
Mary was so nice and made us feel at home.
All three times I did not find the restaurant to be in a dangerous area, maybe just a little bit of an older neighborhood, especially if you compare it to the strip.

Ok, had a groupon so I decided to take my best friend tonite and all I can say is YUM!
We both got carne asada burritos and chips and salsa...then the sweet/beautiful owner brought us a side if beans for our chips...complimentary!
We both absolutely loved all of it and then I also bought us churos... Scalding hot but couldn't stop eating lol.. Love fresh hot yummy food and dessert!
And everything was super clean especially the bathroom!
Sooo going back soon to try the shrimp tacos...oh and they are very reasonable priced!

1st off its crazy all the comments about the neighborhood it is not a bad at all...its older but no reason to pull out the bullet proof vest ....anyways I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT.....FOOD IS GREAT...tortillas are real good...are home made and just so good , I'm not a big fan of corn tortillas but of the ones here I can't help myself..meat has a great flavor ....fish tacos are yummy and  menudo tastes just like my abuelitas.....
Very clean..everyone is friendly....
If u haven't eaten here yet u really need to try it....u will not regret it...

Asses quesadillas were great

OMG the best shrimp tacos in town!!
When we got there it wasn't much but the food makes up for itself.
The service was friendly and comforting.
The prices are amazing.
I was in Vegas for the weekend and I ended up going there twice.
Their shrimp soup is good!!
It had a lot of shrimp.
The owner was so friendly.
Their tacos, nachos, and quesadillas were also good.
My friends and I were all completely satisfy and amazed.
I love this place!

What can I say, simply good food!
The salsa is really good you can just drink it.

A rating of 2.5 would most appropriate.
The family that owns this small, casual café-style Mexican restaurant makes everything from scratch.
We had some difficulty deciding what variety of tacos to choose - eventually settling on (2) shrimp, a chicken and a Barbacoa (beef).
While waiting for our tacos, we enjoyed the complimentary salsa (spicy) and chips.
The shrimp tacos were by far the best though the others were very good with each being served on a homemade tortilla.
Prices are bit higher than the comparison.

Wow the tacos very good, love all the food and the price nice thank you Mary Jose and Robert from Binghamton, ny

How do I love thee?
Let me count the ways!
1) Fabulous tacos....carne asada, fish!
2) Homemade corn tortillas, soft,moist, delicate.
3) Homemade salsa, I could lick the bowl...oh yeah...I did!
4) Chips fresh and hot.
5) Rice and refried beans are tasty, not just a plate filler.
6)  Great prices- Combos- $7 includes 2 tacos (your choice of meat) rice and beans or chips and salsa, and a drink.
7)  Friendly owner- I felt like family.
The way she cooks...I wish I was!
I love thee to the depth and breadth my tummy can stretch!
And Yes, I am leaving fat and happy and truly in love with Abuelas Tacos, you will be too!

Although, it's all the way on the east side - a pretty good haul for me, I've been here a couple times with my son for carne asada burritos.
Great flavor all the way around.
The only reason I'm not giving more stars is because the asada was really tough and gristly -- both times.
They use cheap meat.
Great horchata & great salsa!

Best Mexican food I've ever had!
Everything was just awesome!!!
And yes, bathroom is as pretty and clean as mentioned by others.
Will be back very soon!

Tried them based on Yelp reviews and got to say I was not disappointed.
Very friendly atmosphere.
Got to say probably the best Mexican food I have had in Las Vegas.
Order taker was an older lady, extremely friendly and helpful.
The lady in the back was pressing homemade tortillas.
Had the Carne Asada burrito combo.
The meat was tender and well seasoned, the rice & beans were good.
The tortilla since being homemade was soft and flaky and not real doughy while taken an excellent char.
Their fire roasted jalapenos and green onion were perfect.
But the best....Their salsas.
The pico de gallo style with the chips was hands down, excellent.
They also have 3 "taco" sauces, of which 2 I liked a lot (the green and the darker red, the lighter red was good, just not a lot of flavor, but a lot of fire).
Since I'm a midnight muncher, this location could have better hours, but it is family run, so its a good ---- scratch that, a great place for lunch or an early dinner.
Think they close at 8 or 9 pm.
My next venture here will be for next guilty pleasure...breakfast burritos, I hope they are as good as the carne burrito was.
Definitely a go-to again.
The area for some might seem a little seedy, but I have had no problems.

OK, the parentals came up from Southern Cal for a visit on the way up to Salt Lake.
They wanted something quick to eat but not fast food (you know, the Taco Bell / Burger King crap).
I recommended Abuelas since its down the street from the house.
They said OK.   (Now just a primer here -- My dad is a semi-quasi professional chef (has pro training but just uses it at the house) and a very finicky palate - junk food just doesn't cut it.
My mom likes the finer things in life but will eat Taco Bell and such if forced)  So we arrive on Taco Tuesday around 3p, a few people inside.
Pops was kind of thrown off by the walk up and order from the counter (as he is a menu and full catering type), but the lady by the counter was extremely friendly and had Dad communicating.
Mom was in awe that the gal in the back was actually hand pressing home made tortillas.
The order was 2 carne asada burrito plates (me & pops) and mom gets 2 carne asada tacos, chips/salsa & side of guac.
Mom's easy, plows into the tacos.
Loves it.
Loves the pico salsa that comes with the chips, liked the green hot sauce but didn't care for the red thicker hot sauce.
Guac was good, real avocados but not much else, no problem.
Roasted pepper devoured.
Dad kinda picks at the plate at first and I think, ut oh.
Then he says the beans and meat are very good and well seasoned.
Hurray I didn't disappoint the pops.
Ate everything but the grilled green onion (I stole that).
Didn't care for the rice and chips much, but as he says, those are fillers and he thought the chip salsa was good but a tad too much salt.
Overall - he was impressed and said he would return if/when they come back out.
After 2 hours ago of Abuela's dining and chatting about stuff & life, it turned out to be a real pleasant afternoon.
Thanks Abuela's.

Discovered this place thanks to Now Deals on Groupon, $5 for $10.
Most, if not all the combs were under $10.00.
I had the taco and gordita combo which comes with a drink and a choice of chips/salsa or rice/beans.
You get to select what meat you want and looks like there is no additional charge for shrimp.
I picked the carne asada.
I added the chips and salsa and flan.
All of the food was delicious and reminded me of homemade meals of my grandmother : )  I especially loved the gordita.
Instead of a deep fried thick corn tortilla it was made out of thick flour tortilla.
A way healthier option without sacrificing taste.
The beans were flavorful and the rice moist.
No skimping on the meat, it was lean and it was some of the most tasty, I have ever had.
They also included a grilled green onion and grilled jalapeno.
Although, I live in the Centennial Hills area, I will be going back here regularly and recommend you try it for yourself.

This time I brought my girlfriend.
It was her first time here and she loved it...said she'll bring her boyfriend next time.
Everything was delish as usual!

I like the people that run this place.
Really friendly and it's almost like walking into your grandmother's kitchen.
Unfortunately the cooking's not as good as grandmother's.
I came in with Angela on a Sunday afternoon and the place was empty.
We ordered 4 different types of tacos.
They were all just ok.  Not amazing nor terrible.
But they are pricey.
$2.50 a taco is really pushing it.
That's what you'd pay for a gourmet taco.
What's a gourmet taco?
I don't know but if I was ordering a gourmet taco it'd be $2.50.
So I wasn't too please with the price and honestly, this alone is enough reason for me not to come back though I'd have to try something else on the menu.

Had a chicharron taco, Shrimp taco, and a breakfast burrito.
Didn't really taste the chicharron.
More sauce than anything.
The fish taco was good.
Breakfast burrito had rice beans n chorizo in it.
I like my breakfast burritos with just egg, meat n potatoes.
First time I've had retried beans in my breakfast burrito, wasn't a fan.
The chorizo was tasty, egg was minimal.
Thought the food i ordered was "OK" at best.
I'd rather eat at pepe's tacos.

Clean restaurant and incredibly tasty food.
It's a must eat place for me, even though it's 10 miles out of the way!!

We all stopped in after a day at the driving range and decided to  give Abuela's a try.
I've Taco'd well over 500 times, in various taquerias, roach coaches, and street corners, and any time fresh tortillas are made, it is always a good plus when looking for a tasty taco.
We shared a taco combo which came with two tacos with rice, beans OR chips and salsa, but a few of us didn't see the OR part and we asked for chips and salsa as well...Oooops!
The chips were stale and we just pushed them to the side.
Wifey got an Asada Taco, and I got a Lengua Taco which was very soft and tasty, and the sides weren't bad either.
Don't forget to use your Yelp Check-In offer for a free Churro which is filled with a dulce de leche cream...ALOHA!!!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(270/365) " Gracias Abuelita!

Really great tacos here.
Ordered the Fish tacos and the burrito also.
The ladies there are really nice.
So if you haven't been here check it out.

The asada tacos I ordered were not bad however the only thing worth coming here for is their homemade tortillas.
Also had a bite of a churro which came from the freezer and not Abuelas:( so cant say that's how my abuela would have served them as their slogan reads...
They also need to set up a better delivery system because coming out with plates of food calling out to the dining area "who ordered this" is not efficient.

This place is amazing.
Hand made tortillas and amazing food!
Love it.
Finally a legit Mexican food place.

They made their tortillas fresh and thick which are nice to see.
A bunch of us came by after whacking some golf balls at the range and we took up the entire middle dining area.
I think there were 16 of us all together and we basically put some tables together and made one giant table to accommodate us which was also nice.
I ordered the two asada tacos with rice, beans, and fountain drink combo.
It was good but nothing really stood out except for the tortillas.
There were nice chunks of steak but not a lot of flavor.
The refried beans and rice were also very basic.
They did 4 or 5 different hot sauces.
I like there pineapple and fruit drinks that were next to the fountain drinks selection.
Which I drank a lot of because I was very thirsty and they were delicious.
You might notice a few deals for this place.
1 free charro with a purchase of a combo when checking in with Yelp app, which I passed on at the end, filled with drink.
$5 for $10 Groupon which I also passed on.
They have weekends specials for menudo and 2 other items, I am a fan of menudo.
When making your tacos, burritos, etc you have a choice of asada, chicken, shrimp, tongue, barbacoa, chicharones, and maybe 1 or 2 more meats.

When we hit the east side of town we definitely hit up this restaurant!
Best tacos!
Not to mention the service is always with a smile!

On this side of town where decent food places are few and far between, Abuela's stands out as a total gem.
We went for a terribly decadent lunch choice that involved the asada fries and a steak quesadilla.
The fries were as great as it gets - huge portion, fresh guac, fresh pico.
The quesadilla was also wonderful with it's fresh tortilla.
The staff were older ladies, very friendly.
I can't wait to go back.

stopped in while getting my car repaired very friendly place I had the number 4 combo taco and gordita combo.
Very tasty.

Best tacos ever!
Homemade tortillas, and the owner is really personable.
Fantastic service, food, & overall experience!

After seeing the good reviews we decided to try Abuela's.
First impression when I  walked in was comfortable & welcoming.
The cashier  (could of been the owner, with the passion & pride she showed for ingredients and menu items) was very welcoming, and after quick chitchat finding out we were new customers she was very informative on ingredients and preparation for items we picked.
I wasn't quite sure about the combination of ingredients for my shrimp burrito.
It was great.
It can't be compared to other shrimp burritos I've had in the area because Abuela's shrimp burrito has a different flavor combination that's refreshingly different and it does make other shrimp and rice burritos seem plain.
As for what my family had, I can't remember.
We didn't share and no leftovers.
Lol.
I wish We would've tried Abuela's sooner.

I was really excited about trying this out bc of the reviews...
I ordered the shrimp quesadilla combo.
The price was awesome but I was disappointed in my meal.
It was kind of bland.
Service was great so I'll give it another chance and order something else.

Steak burrito was awesome.
Highly recommend the menudo as well.

WOW!
This place is good.
I found a 2nd favorite Burrito place.
My favorite is Carlito's Burritos but this place ranks right up there.
Its a little cute place and gives off the home feel when you walk in.
They have a basic menu, Tacos, Burritos, Quesadillas, Carne Asada Fries, Nachos and etc.
Very clean and they even make the tortillas fresh.
The staff is very friendly.
Had the Chicken Burrito with rice, beans, cheese and pico de gallo.
So damn good.
I had to stop myself from inhaling it.
I wanted to enjoy it.
My wife had the Carne Asada Nachos.
Them and the Carne Asada Fries are among the best in town.
Just every layer has so much meat, cheese, beans, and im guessing they use Mexican Crema instead of regular sour cream.
So dang addicting.
We been there a couple times and we keep going back to what he had even though we keep saying we gonna try something different lol.
If your tired of Roberto's i say give this place a try.
Nice to have a place that has food that tastes like mom or in this case, Grandma makes :-) Until next time, Let's Eat!!

Were from Cali and we were looking for the best menudo and handmade tortillas was  a huge plus.
The place was super clean girls bathroom was the nicest I've ever seen we will be back

Edit: she made my albondigas and it was great.
5 stars!
No need for Roberto's if you're anywhere near Abuleas.
I mean, the owners Abulea is literally in your view making tortillas.
They always have specials like shrimp cocktail, or menudo.
But their basic daily menu of fresh ingredients impresses me every time.
They have 3 different house sauces, all BOMB.
I asked the boss lady to make albondigas in the winter months and she actually agreed!
Amazing service, small spot, worth the trip for the authentic Mexican grub!

Best Taco's and Ceviche love the homemade corn tortillas this place never dissapoints.
The Service is always excellent very friendly and welcoming.

Love their food!
We tried the tacos (carne asada and Barbacoa), salsa and chips, and a shrimp tostada.
It was all very tasty and we will definitely be back

Carne Asada burrito is the best!
Very friendly helpful staff.
My wife and I eat here at least once a week.

I was disappointed with the chips and salsa - stale chips and old salsa - the tacos were OK nothing great.
Good place for a quick lunch if you're close by but otherwise  I wouldn't eat here.
As mentioned in other reviews the tortillas are amazing but that's where it ends.

WOW!
This is a great place to go, this is another place that I will visit over and over again.
Very authentic, reasonably priced, great service and great atmosphere.
One of us had the asada taco's which were great, the other had the quesadilla which was also excellent, very filling though with the mexican style cheese.
Both were cooked to perfection.

Very good homemade food, guacamole is bomb!!
Kinda cold inside but good makes up for it

I was a bit skeptical in trying out this place.
I can be very hard to please when it comes to food.
I remember someone recommending Tacos El Gordo to me and to my dismay, they were the nastiest tacos I have ever tasted.
I threw my whole order away and walked out.
So when I stepped foot inside this joint, I was hoping I wouldn't have to do the same.
I ordered the asada quesadilla combo and  my husband ordered the asada tacos.
We additionally ordered one shrimp taco, fish taco, and a side of fresh guacamole.
All the food was very appetizing and full of flavor with the exception of the guacamole.
It was too bland for my liking but I shouldn't knock down a star for that.
Overall we were very satisfied with our order.
We will be coming back again to try out the other items on the menu.
The food did not disappoint and the homemade tortillas were a plus!

This place is awesome for a second I thought i was in my grandmas kitchen, the staff is nice and welcoming I will deffenetly come here again:)) all their food is fresh and delicious!

Best tacos in town!
Great service!
The tortillas are sooooo good and freshly made!!
It's not best location but worth the drive to go eat the tacos!!!
Yummmmmmmy

I'm giving this place three out of five stars because I tired five of their tacos and I liked three of them.
Since it was my first time eating here, I ordered an Asada taco, a fish taco, one chicken, one barbacoa and one chicharron verde taco.
First, the ones I liked.
The beef asada taco was amazing.
The chicken was good.
My favorite was the chicharron verde (although it's spicy so not everyone may like it, but I LOVE spicy.
Bring it on!
)   The woman who took my order said they're known for the barbacoa.
I wasn't impressed with it.
It was bland, like it needed salt and pepper.
The fish was also disappointing: pre-cooked and oily with really thick batter and very little fish.
Despite the two so-so tacos, I'll definitely be back.
I was particularly impressed by watching them make the tortillas for the tacos right in front of me.

The best Mexican food I have had in vegas.
I am from San Diego , so I am used to good authentic Mexican food.
I was beginning to think I would never find it here.
Great food, friendly service , I will drive across town to eat here .

What a find!
Small mom 'n pop place with GREAT food.
Lengua and barbacoa were wonderful!
Fresh, housemade tortillas, and great flavors.
Reasonably priced combo plates.
Highly recommend!

Good tacos are hare to find.
Glad this spot (in my eyes and stomach), lives up to the hype.
Handmade tortillas already gave it bonus points.
The good food, service, and decent prices are just bonuses.
Look forward to being a regular and trying several things from the menu.

Oh man is this place good!
Every thing is fresh and tastes slow cooked.
the beans are the best i've had, and the lenga is melt in your mouth tender!

)  5 Star, hand-made tortillas to order.
Ordered myself two extra just for the texture and flavor.
)  All the meats are ridiculously tender and spiced to absolute perfection.
I preferred the Lengua and Chicharrones Verde for tacos and the Barbacoa for the burrito.
To be honest, I couldn't get enough, and the fact that the Abolitas were behind the counter making everything by hand.
I live in Summerlin and was happy to drive my way all the way over to the East side.

Abuela's Tacos has a simple and delicious menu.
Everything is extremely fresh and delicious.
I love the asada fries and I make sure to get a meal there at least once a week.
Delicious, affordable and the owner is the nicest last that you can meet.
A great overall experience.

This restaurant is amongst the best I ever had.
Sauces were great.
Service was great.
Food was outstanding.
Probably more authentic then most.
The place is a must ;)

Traveled off the strip for this one.
Good menudo.
We like to drink and love some good Mexican food after drinking all night.
Looked on yelp and headed here.
Delish!
Thanks yelpers!
Being from LA and Mexican we know good menudo :0) this was awesome!

After reading reviews, we choose Abuelas for lunch on our way out of Vegas.
The whole family loved it!!!
Amazing food!

If you're looking for authentic Mexican home cooking in Las Vegas, Abuelas is it!
I do like the tacos, but I love, love, love the gorditas and pozole.
Abuelas is the only place in Vegas that I have actually found real handmade tortillas (which are fresh and delicious).
Perfect with horchata.
I just wish they had more salsas.
YUM!

So the homemade tortilla's are really good, but everything else is just sort of decent.
But that's not a bad thing.
The menu is pretty basic, so don't expect your standard array of Mexican combo plates, because they don't have them.
You basically pick your poison--taco, burrito or a bowl, with a meat choice and if you combo it for $6-8 you get rice, beans and a drink.
That's it.
My mom really wanted a good tortilla with beans, so I went searching for a place with just that.
She had the tacos with the chicarrones verde and lengua.
She loved them both.
I'm not a meat-eater, so I had their breakfast burrito, which is usually made with eggs, chorizo, rice and beans, but they were very accomodating and made the burrito to my exact specifications.
I only which I would've gotten my burrito fillings in a bowl and just ordered a side of tortillas.
The food is simple and basic, but still very fresh (one HUGE exception being the chips, but you didn't come for that anyways, right?
), affordable and not in the least bit greasy.
Oh and the service was awesome!
The lady working the register was very nice, very attentive, and personable.
It really was just like eating at a friend's place you've known for years.
Do yourself a favor.
Don't come here with super high expectations, because this place isn't trying to revolutionize the taco.
It's not their schtick.
But do still try them if you're in the area, because the tortillas were pretty damn good.
Word to the wise, the red salsa/sauce that they have in a squeeze bottle wasn't that great.
If you must drizzle a condiment on your food, the green sauce was much better.

Tortillas are home made.
You will actually see the ladies in the back making the tacos.
I had the carne asada burrito and carne asada tacos.
Both were really good.
Literally the best part was the tortilla.
Chips and salsa with your meal of course.
This is definitely a must try!

What a great place.
Extremely affordable, excellent, fast service.
Asada so tender, tortillas fresh pressed, beans are excellent.
Had the asada burrito, huge portion.
No way I could finish it all.
Just wish we hadn't found this place on our last night in town.

The food is Excellent!
Fast and great service.
The food is very tasty and the portion or pretty big.
Salsa Verde is one of the best I've had.
Very authentic.
Just like going to grandmas' house.
Definitely a must on your list of places to to eat.

The homemade tortillas are amazing!
I'm glad I came here.
They won best tacos in Las Vegas 2014 and didn't disappoint.
I was blown away by how much the homemade tortillas made a difference combined with the perfectly cooked carne asada!
Nice friendly staff and very clean on the inside.
Make sure you stop by and enjoy!

The tacos here are delicious!
They are bigger than what you are used to if you get tacos from a truck!
It is twice the size of that.
I have tried the chicken and carne asada tacos and both were able to satisfy my hunger at the moment.
The chicken tacos were okay.. it could have had more of that grilled taste, but nonetheless, I would eat it again.
The carne asada tacos were my favorite!
It was filled with a lot of meat and toppings on top!
At the restaurant, they have a few sauces in bottles.
Its fun to just try a whole bunch of sauces, but be careful if you do not like a lot of spice!
The bottles are just red and green and you do not know what the spice levels are!
My favorite dish from this place that I crave all the time like a pregnant woman (i'm not expecting, however..
I just love this dish that much...) is the CEVICHE!!!!
Their shrimp is made perfectly and it is so juicy with the sauces they put on top!
It is dry-- not your typical wet ceviche but for sure..
THIS IS A MUST TRY dish!
It is so addicting.
It does not come with a lot of chips so make sure you ask for extra on the side.
Overall, this place is one of my favorites.
It is a bit pricey, but I think it is definitely worth it!

Nice place quiet polite and attentive service.
I ordered the quesadilla combo which included rice, beans, grilled jalapeno, lime, regular drink (Free Refills) tortilla chips and a large quesadilla with a lot of carne asada.
I paid like $7.50 good deal and hearty serving.
The ladies were very nice and had my food ready in a matter of minutes.
I had the red sauce which was not too spicy but subtle in flavor I liked it and I'm usually a green sauce kinda guy.
I had gone in for the albondiga soup but decided on the quesadilla when I saw it.
Ill be back for the soup soon.

Like everyone else, I really enjoyed the tortillas.
Fresh and obviously made in house, they really stood out.
Also, the size of the tacos and meat portions are refreshingly generous.
Sadly, the flavor of the chicken and asada was lacking.
It was ok, but not over the top.
The beans are decent, the rice is a bit dry and the chips were stale.
Hot sauce selections are good and the squeeze bottles are nice.
the pico de gallo that comes with the chips is pretty much alright, but the chips were stale.
#1 Combo w/Asada (bean and rice option) 4 X Chicken tacos 1 X Chips and salsa  Total was roughly $21.00 plus $2.00 tip.
Not cheap, not over the moon expensive, but not really amazing from a taste perspective.
Tortillas and portions saved the day.

This place is pretty good, just that I order the nachos and didn't really have any meat on them whatsoever.
I am going there again, and if this order so I am going to drop my rating down to one star...

Nada que ver los tacos de asada muy malos y barbacoa pura grasa lo único bueno fueron las tortillas todo lo demás no está bueno yo no lo recomiendo

Great place!
Everything is good, not to big of a fan of the barbacoa though.
But everything else is amazingly good

Very friendly and food was delicious.
I did think they were a bit over priced, but food was good.

