Their sales people are nice, of course.
It's after you purchase that it goes downhill.
A man named Howard, who claims his title is "the man," completely chewed out my husband for calling in to say our system wasn't working right and not wanting to pay $70 plus labor to have someone come out to look at it.
When I went in to buy filters, the women in the shabby office (there is no retail storefront, but you have to buy the filters in person) were arguing and didn't bother to pretend they weren't bickering while I was in there.
I felt awkward and intrusive.
Basically, this company is all about sales and not about service.
It's a shame, because I like our Kinetico system.

I bought both the full Kinetico system and the RO drinking water system from these folks several years ago.
Both systems have worked fine all this time.
A month ago I made an appointment to have the filters changed in the drinking water system today.
Somehow they got the date wrong.
They sent a service tech while I was at work.
They were able to reschedule for the actual day I wanted the tech at my house.
I requested that the tech come in the morning, because I had an exterminator coming in to spray in the afternoon.
The girl said that they can't set a time.
Even Cox cable can arrange for either morning or afternoon.
My exterminator company can set a specific time if you request it.
Why can't these folks?
The tech did a good job so no problem there.

DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THESE PEOPLE.
Their sales people are nice, of course.
It's after you rent or purchase that it goes downhill.
Basically, this company is all about sales and not about service.
Our Kinetico rental system worked great, but was replace twice.
We purchased different unit from a different company and requested our rental to be picked up and terminated.
For 3 months they gave us the run around, and would promise to call us back.
For 3 months they were not able to book a removal appointment because the scheduler was always out and would call us back.
This is the same kind of runaround that you get if you need service on your equipment.
You also have to pay by check.
Of course they kept billing us, even though our unit was disconnected and taking space in our garage.
Finally I called and told hem that I would certify a letter notifying them of demand to pick up, and then their unit would be placed in the street.
They came out the next day.
They are still sending us bills....  DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THESE PEOPLE.

The jury is still out on them at OUR house.
Called them today because our system is overflowing...the only advice that I took away from the interaction is for us to bypass the Kinetico System untill they could see the system.
Just for them to"see" the system, it will cost us $109.00 (service call fee plus the first thirty minutes of labor).
If additional work is needed, then it's $15.00 for each 15 minutes.
I asked about the lifetime guarantee that I heard on KDWN radio and was told that since we purchased our system in 1997 that we wouldn't be covered.
So I ask then, if I'm not under warranty, why should I use your company for service?
I got a, "You can do whatever you want.
We ARE the only company authorized to service our system.
"   I suppose that's a great answer if a warranty WAS being honored.
AND, to top it off, they don't guarantee an appointment time...even though they charge their customers for the visit.
I don't like paying to go to the dentist for maintenance on my teeth, but at least a gal gets an appointment time for THAT service.
I'm astonished at companies (that want to keep my business) would automatically charge me a fee to determine what was wrong with THEIR system.
I would think that they would stop by to see what's wrong first and then determine with me the best path to resolving.
The "service" person wanted to immediately transfer me to sales (probably so they could try and sell me a whole new system)...I didn't want a salesperson, I wanted SERVICE.

I had a system installed in September 2011, which included a 400 gal holding tank to store the purified (Reverse Osmosis) water.
A pump then pumps it through the rest of the home.
They installed a secondary RO system under the sink to purify the drinking water even further.
The system has required very little maintenance, and when it has, Kinetico sent out competent people the day they committed.... typically Danny, the installer.... also a master plumber.
I see alot of people nit-picking on this site about Kinetico's service, but they fail to mention that Kinetico's technology is vastly superior to ALL competitors, and their service people are capable of the most difficult installs and can do custom work when required.
Kinetico and its people have delivered pristine, poison free water to my family and I for more than 3 years from every faucet in our home... and made it look easy.
Any other supplier could not hold a candle to what Kinetico has provided for a very reasonable sum of money.
Danny and the rest of their service department have taken very good care of me... Makes me wonder if some of these other reviews here about Kinetico were written by envious competitors who are languishing in defeat at the hands of superior product quality, innovation and service.
If you are considering a whole-house purification system, ask the sale people about the one they did for me on Purple Majesty Court.
After 3 years as a customer, I don't think it's possible to get better product quality or service than Kinetico provides.

I love the water system..except it cost 6k years ago and I have done nothing but rave  to family and friends about.
I was told no matter  where I live in the country they would in hook system and rehook us up for free.
Now that we are moving they  want to charge me 353... Do not purchase if u intend to ever move

