This T-mobile store has very bad customer service.
Okay so today is Wed.Feb 9.11 My bill is due on the 6th date of every month.
I totally went in on the sixth paid my bill, only find out two day's later that I can't send any text messages, because one of this stores employees by the name of Tierra turned off my messaging plan that I have had for 2years now!
I know wtf right?
So I go in the store super irritated because I had to delay my plans to get my messaging back on my phone, the manager was very rude interrupting me the customer while I was talking, however I left went to another store that had excellent customer service!
I had to drive a little further but I need text messaging on my phone.
So today I'm talking on the phone to a couple different friends of mine, then I go to make a call at exactly 4:12 my phone is telling me your flex account balance is too low to complete this call so I'm like wtf I try like 6X while I'm driving to this whack t-mobile I'm like maybe those same ppl aren't here today or hopefully they got fired...lol so I walk in super calm this very very ugly little black kid with yellow eyes walks up can I help you with something, Of course I'm like I can't make out bound calls on my cell phone can you fix it yes step right over here mam.
so I guess he thought I was lying about my phone having issues.
so he calls the t-mobile store and says sarcastically looks like your phone is making calls to me now you try so I call one of my friends and guess what my phone says your flex account balance is to low to complete this call.
I made sure it was on speaker for this little ugly black kid with a busted grill...so weak right now So I told him can you just fix my ish please!
mam do you want me to help you of course I said yes because I did not feel like going to a different store.
I told him I know you feel stupid you where just trying to be smart when your really a dumb ugly phuck of course I told the little ugly fart after my phone was fixed...Lol I freaking hate t-mobile!

I have been with T-mobile for 8 years!!!
Simply bc of the great customer service I get when I call 611.
Then a year ago I was kind of happy when I saw a new T-mobile going in about a fourth of a mile down from my house in this new ,cute little plaza.
I hadn't had any reason to go in until last October when I needed a pre-paid phone.
I still kept my original blackberry and the same number.
I needed a private line that did not register to my name.
(long story but I had good reasons to believe my blackberry was being tapped) So basically I had 2 phones , one registered in my name and I needed a prepaid phone under a made up name.
I have never had a prepaid phone but someone told me it would be a good idea to get one til the scary drama passed.
So I go into my neighborhood t mobile and needless to say I was very nervous bc of all the be drama that was happening.
When I walked in this sweet girl name Terra walked up to me and could probably feel this stress and anxiety coming from me.
For some reason women to women I instantly trusted her.
She genuinely seemed concern and she knew exactly what I needed.
She helped me pick out a phone and made it so easy for me to understand how to use my new phone and how to protect my identity.
She helped me with my "fake " identity and when we were trying to come up with a good fake name and birthdate she actually made me laugh for the first time in a week.
After she got me in and out I felt confident and much safer.
She gave me her card with the hours and days she works so if I needed anything and since this was kind of a secret issue I could come see her.
She made a bad situation a lot better.
Plus I wasn't too happy having to buy another phone when my blackberry worked great.
Thanks to Terra she made me feel safe and I got thru a very crazy time in my life.
I only needed the prepaid for about 3 months.
Ok so 8 months later my blackberry finally quit working and I was ok with that bc I wanted an Android phone.
I walked in on a Sunday thinking this is gonna take forever.
My husband and I and my 4 yr old was standing there looking at my different options and here comes Terra walking up just as friendly as I remembered.
I told her that my Free Upgrade is still 4 months away and asked her if I could use it a little early since I've been a customer for 8 yrs.
Without hesitation she said "of course".
Then I asked her if there was anyway I could get the promo for new customers they were running that week for unlimited talk,text and internet for $80 and she said "of course" with a cheerful smile.WOW.
I was thrilled.
So I followed her up to the register and asked if she remembered me from 8 months ago and she said something like "of course I remember u.
You would be hard to forget" .she said it in a very complimentary kind of way.
Honestly being a female its hard to get great customer service especially from other females so that's why I am taking this time to give her the props she deserves bc I've never had customer service as great as with Terra.
On top of her giving me a Smokin deal on my amazing new phone she helped me pick out, she is saving me about $30 a month on my bill!!!!!!!!
She was so great to me and my family.
My little girl really liked her and Terra was very sweet to my 4 yr old as well to me.
I must have raved to her to my husband the next Two days and my husband as bad as he was dreading helping me find a new phone he said how cool it was that Terra remembered me and treated us and got us in and out of there with total class.
Terra is the reason I went ahead and signed another 2 year contract with t-mobile.
There r a lot of phone carriers and options and my contract was almost up and I could have went with my best friends company Version bc she is a District manager but I don't even think my best friend would have treated me as great as Terra.
T-mobile is Very lucky to have such a wonderful employee and I hope they know this and give her the same respect and she gives T mobile customers.
Plz call there and make sure Terra is working if u want to be treated great.

awful service - just plain rude on the two occasions we had to go in.
On the first visit they couldn't be bothered to help with a software up-date even though there was over half an hour before closing time.
They sent us down to the Chandler mall for the up-date.
On the second visit a lot of hassle over a warranty replacement.
I was dead against the ATT and take over, but I'm wondering now...
They should fire the manager of the store for such poor service.
The service at the Chandler Mall center is much better.
Any dealings we have had there have been very good.

I guess they must have changed the manager since the service has improved significantly.
Went in to add an extra phone to our plan.
They couldn'y have been more friendly or attentive.
My wife and son still on the T-Mobile plan.
T-mobile reception is overall seems to be very good.
My sons Samsung Note 2 is awesome.

I just went in to switch to this carrier.
I had a great customer experience.
They were able to explain the process and fees clearly and concisely.
Im looking forward to receiving my phone and continuing with this carrier.

I went in today because I needed help with my phone.
It wasn't connecting to LTE.
I wasn't even in the store 30 seconds.
And someone came over to help me.
The fix was pretty easy.
The one flaw in their customer service is the queueing system.
A clerk has to interrupt their session with another customer to acknowledge and add to the paper queue list.
They should have a clerk like Verizon or AT&T has.
You're greeted at the door,  and someone logs you into the computer and your name shoes up on the big screen monitor.
No yelling across the sales floor, no stopping with the current customer.

