Nice atmosphere.
They have a unique range of coffee drinks

One of the best espresso roasts and pulls in Madison.
Surprising given that they're on the outskirts of the city.

One of my favorite coffee places.
The service, atmosphere, coffee, and food are all consistently good.
It's usually pleasantly quiet and not too crowded.

Very happy with my visit.
Service, coffee, cleanliness were well above par.
I couldn't find anything I didn't like about this shop.

I love this place.
Every time I go they serve up the most delicious cup of cappuccino I could ask for.
On top of that, they give me a little bit of art in the foam.
What's not to like about that.
They also make a breakfast burrito that is absolutely to die far.
Skip the fast food in the morning and go get yourself a great cup of coffee and a burrito.
You will be glad you did.

Great café for a quick lunch close to home...
They have great cappuccino and coffee for all of you who can't quite get going in the morning without it...

I come here periodically for coffee as it across the street from my doggy daycare.
The coffee is good.
They used to have amazing scones but unfortunately they had to switch bakeries within the past year.
Pros - only place in Fitchburg I can find a lemon scone (don't expect Lazy Jane quality) - They sell day old bakery if you can't quite rationalize spending full price - They have simple syrup out for you to add to your iced drinks.
Nothing I hate more than adding a sugar packet to iced coffee.
- Dollars towards free drinks add up fast on their loyalty card  Cons - In contrast to other reviews, I have had really flaky service on numerous occasions.
Do I always come the day a new hire starts, or are they roasting something other than beans in the back?
Hmmm...

This place is wonderful.
I love the greenberry shakeology.
So yummy and I love that it's healthy.
I just wish they had another location in the downtown area so I could go more often!

Just spent the whole day studying here.
Great beverages, great service, great food, great Internet, and a great environment.
I had the chicken wrap that came with a side salad and the ingredients tasted fresh.

Great coffee, friendly staff, free Wi-Fi.
A really interesting selection of breakfast and lunch items.
Their loyalty card is also very generous - money spent quickly adds up to free items.
Good place to study or meet up with friends.
Highly recommend!

Great atmosphere and great coffee.
Friendly staff.
Two thumbs up.

