New Homeowner here and I never thought I'd say that my new weekend hang out is Home Depot...
Ask me what isle the sand paper, toilet seat covers, doggie doors are and you'll think I work there; only thing missing is my orange apron with my name artistically painted on it...    Anywho- my review is REALLY all about: Affordable Flooring & More...and how FAN-tastic they are.
Travis, General Manager greeted me in a small and cozy show room.
He let me look around without prodding like those annoying sales people at corporate furniture stores.
His demeanor was so nice, kind, Genuine...He answered my tile questions and introduced me to [Alberto] Gomez who answered my carpet questions.
I left with a 'wow' feeling=warm and fuzzy and NOT the exhausted feeling you feel when forced to answer to sales people desperate to make a sale.
I politely thanked him for his time and continued my research for the best price.
So, back to Home Depot, Lowes, RC Wiley, (Walker doesn't do floors), Handy-man and another smaller company, I don't remember their name... Research complete and confident with my decision, I called Affordable Flooring & More to make an appointment for my estimate= because they were AFFORDABLE!!!
"Sure!
What time tomorrow would work for you?
"  ...wow, tomorrow?
Impressed, I met them at 4pm the next day (day 1).
Travis emailed my quote the following day (day 2), I was back in the showroom (day 3) to choose my tile and carpet and they were pulling the linoleum out (day 4).
It took them 5 days to tile and carpet my 1286 sq.
ft., 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath house.
Gomez called to check in with little progress reports and double check my grout color choice.
To be completely honest, I spotted one tile that was a little lower than the rest (before the grout) and they fixed it immediately when I brought it to their attention.
The end result, a beautifully tiled floor (and bathrooms and washer/dryer area) and a great carpet job!
I stopped back at the show room to pay my remaining 50% for service rendered and Travis told me before I left, that should I spot something I don't like, to call him and they'll come out and take care of it.
It was a really nice feeling to know that they are proud of their work and take responsibility to ensure a happy customer, no matter if it's tomorrow or a year from now.
Lengthy review, but worth every minute spent writing it out!
I highly recommend Affordable Flooring & More.

I took a chance and drove to affordable flooring & more.
When I went in I was greeted by Travis & Alberto and the feeling I got was like being with family.
I knew I was going to buy from them no matter what!
I was right the price, service & the quality of craftsmanship was excellence to none.
I would recommend this company to anyone 5 stars clayton

I can't say enough about Affordable Flooring.
Great price, quality work.
Travis and Jose's professionalism and skills were wonderful to work with.
They exceeded our expectations and the flooring is simply exquisite.
Everyone that showed up yesterday for the Baby Shower were taken back on how well the flooring looked.
Thank you again.
Lance

Shopped for new carpeting at Home Depot and Lowes but were not completely satisfied.
My husband went on Yelp and read the reviews for carpet stores.
We decided to try Affordable Carpet solely based on what we read.
They are professional, efficient and very AFFORDABLE and carpet was installed in less than two weeks and looks fabulous.We highly recommended this business.

Travis (owner) and Mr. Gomez (supervisor) did everything they promised.
They offered to come back anytime that I found something not to our liking.
I did find a small spot on 3 tiles and they came out the next day and replaced them; no questions asked.
They constantly stated, and followed through, with their promise to make us happy with the job no matter the concern.
They've lived up to their claim: fast, fair, friendly service that exceeds our expectations.
Travis was willing to negotiate the overall price and made it come in under budget.
So we added carpet installation too!
Completely happy with this project and especially with Affordable!
They installed 1500 sq ft of tile and 750 sq ft of carpet.
Both done expertly, on time, on budget, and completed 1 day sooner than promised.
Would use this company again and recommend them highly.
Not something I do normally; recommendation.
But this time is different.

Can't tell you what this place is like because THEY WEREN'T OPEN during business hours.
We traveled all the way to this place and they had closed 45 minutes early.
No signage telling us sorry we had to go early NADA, and they wouldn't answer their phone and no answering machine to leave a message.
Obviously they do not need customers.
I'm sorry but my time is just important as yours, and if you are going to close early have some professionalism and leave instructions on the door.

Did all new flooring in the house I just bought.
Did the entire downstairs in 18x18 tile, the stairs and all upstairs bedrooms minus the bathrooms in new Mohawk smart strand carpet, and new baseboards in the whole house.
This place was AMAZING.
I first got quotes from Nulook and Home Depot.
Nulook was much more expensive but had great reviews.
Affordable flooring had good reviews but not as many.
After getting the quotes, we went into the stores to look at tile options.
Nulook was fairly standoffish, didn't offer much help, not unfriendly but not welcoming either.
Affordable flooring was amazingly nice.
Right when we walked in, I knew this was the place I'd get my flooring done.
Staff is extremely knowledgeable on what they do and what they carry.
Travis helped pick the best tile for our house layout and his wife helped greatly with color decisions when we asked for input.
We gave them our budget and they were willing to work with us, they told us exactly what they could do for our price, sent us home with tile and carpet samples free of charge and said to bring them back when we decide.
They were not pushy to do more whatsoever and kept us within our budget for the project.
In addition to being so polite, knowledgeable, and affordable, Gomez and his team did an amazing job.
We had painted the house the week before they came in to do the flooring and they installed the flooring leaving minimal spots needing touch up paint.
Found no problems with the tile, nor the carpet, and the baseboards were done perfectly.
I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone looking to do flooring!
In fact I already have to another person at work who is just as satisfied with the job they completed in her house last week.
This is the place to go for all flooring needs!

I used Affordable Flooring & More to put carpet in my business.
At the time I was just starting my business and I was short on cash so when Travis gave me his quote - it  was great - way lower then the box stores.
I set an appointment and they were on time and finished when promised.
Gomez and his guys were very professional and clean up after they were done (which most people do not) and everything looks great.
I would use them again with no questions asked.

Great company!
I'm a real estate agent and have referred them several of my clients!
I have gotten nothing but the best compliments from my clients on the workmanship, quality, and price!
Will use this company every chance I can!!
Thanks guys for all your hard work and great business

We had the pleasure of using this company to vamp up our outdated townhouse.
We went from 1970 to a new and approved modern look.
It was shocking to see the before and after photos.
We couldn't be happier with the out come.
Everyone is very friendly and helpful.
We didn't know much about flooring but they were there to answer any questions we had eager to make us happy.
We will definitely be using them again and would highly recommend anyone else to do the same.

This is a great company.
I bid them out for all of my commercial jobs and they end up winning the bid 99% percent of the time.
I have had to make very few, if any, call backs.

I will say that dealing with Travis and Gomez was an absolute pleasure.
I was moving into a new house I bought in Henderson and was on a tight time line and not only did Travis and team deliver on time but they also were very reasonably priced.
I can't say enough about them except my wife and I are so happy that we chose them.
They delivered confidence and peace of mind which is priceless.
I almost went with another company that was highly rated on Angie's list but they were no where near the professionalism and competence that Affordable flooring offered.
This was a big project for us (about 2800 sq ft) and we made the right choice.
I only with that they did paint as well because I would have saved a lot of headache.
Do yourself a favor and give them a shot, you will not regret it and you will become as big of a fan as I am.
Thank you Travis and Gomez.
You guys rock!

These people are no joke they are the real thing!
We were selling our house and we were quoted close to $500 from several local carpet cleaning companies to come out and have our carpets deep cleaned!
The worst part is these carpet cleaning companies were going to come in and leave our carpets all wet and I hate it when they drag their dirty machines all over my house!
Then you know that  your carpet looks clean for about a day or so and then the spots just come right back!
We decided to call Affordable Flooring to see what they could do for us and they were wonderful!
They were able to do everything for us over the phone!, we never had to even go into their store!
They sent someone to come measure our house to get the square footage the next day and they were able to come lay new carpet the day after that!
We kept the original padding so all we needed was new carpet and they gave us a great deal on the carpet and installation!
We got our entire upstairs, which included three bedrooms the loft the staircase and a large walk in closet for just $1000!
We even got name brand carpet and it looks great!
And to think we could have paid half of that money just to have them shampooed, which wouldn't have helped at all!
The installers were great and quick and cleaned up when they were done!
We listed our house and it sold in 5 days, and guess what, the buyers didn't ask for a carpet allowance ;-)

It is rare when you find an owner of a company who is truly sincere in caring about his customers.
Travis is that person.
He will care for your home or property as if it were his own.
He will bend over backwards to ensure that you are satisfied with the end result.
We had our entire home tiled with a tile called "African Silver".
It is gorgeous.
I will post photos.
You will not regret giving Travis your business and trusting him to see that the job is done right.

We moved to Henderson in April and were shopping carpet weeks ahead of time.
We got several quotes with one guy promising that "no one could beat his pricing!
" well Travis did!
Affordable Flooring came in $5000 under that quote with the most beautiful carpet they carried and they were even able to make our quick turn-around times.
Travis and his wife were kind, gracious and such a pleasure to work with.
I wish we had another home to carpet just so we could work with them again!
I cannot say enough great things about this company.
Use them, you will not regret it!

I had a fireplace surround completed by the guys Affordable Flooring.
What a great job they did!!!
See the pictures that I posted.
Affordable Flooring is not just for flooring.
They do walls as well!!
My wife and I could not be happier.
Between the floors and the fireplace surround, they have transformed our home.
Better quality than the model by a long shot.

