I tried this place for lunch today and really enjoyed the food and the pricing.
The owners' little girl opened up the door for my wife and I.
The whole family seemed excited to see customers and was very hospitable.
This place occupies the old Meatballz (next to Habanero's) and is very modern and has pleny of tables and elbow room.
They cook the usual assortment of Chinese dishes and serve Sushi as well.
This place is fast food that is cooked to order.
They probably have over 30 dishes that they prepare.
I had the Sesame Chicken, which was served with fried rice and  a vegetable egg roll.
There was a heaping portion of chicken and it was delicious.
My wife had an out of body experience with the Shrimp Lo Mein.
She couldn't believe how many shrimps there were plus she was raving about how tasty the noodles were.
All of this for about $8 per person (we had one soft drink).
Also they have Diet Dr Pepper which is a major selling point for me.
Needless to say, we will be back to try the rest of the menu.

Fast!
Fresh!!
Perfect!
And that was just the food.
The service was excellent as well.
I'm very picky about my fast food Chinese and don't normally comment, but this was worth it.
The girl friend said the Hawaiian was really good too.

This place is awesome on all accounts.
I went there today with my wife for lunch and we were both very pleased.
They have a good sized menu with a lot different styles of food.
I had the General Tso's Chicken, and my wife, the Curry Chicken.
Both were great, and reasonably priced.
It was less then $20 for the both of us.
The service was also excellent.
Not only are the staff very friendly, but we had our food in less than ten minutes.
I will be going there again, maybe tomorrow.

3.75 stars!
Just finished putting away leftovers from a take-out order I placed via phone six minutes before closing time.
Mom was hungry, so I asked, would you like some pizza or Chinese?
She said Chinese, and as I started to look for the Flo's menu I had in my purse, she mentioned the pamphlet we received in the mail from Asian Island.
While she pored over the menu, I checked for Yelp reviews and found only one of significance (by that, I mean those reviews written by elites-- real photos and names), that of Scott D.'s.
Mom gave up looking, disgusted at seeing the high prices.
"What do you mean the food's expensive?," I asked.
I looked at the menu, and I didn't see anything over-the-top ($9 chicken; $10 beef and pork; $11 shrimp), so I decided I'd go w/ Scott D.'s wife's selection of Shrimp Lo Mein for Mom, and the Twice-cooked Pork for me.
I'd requested that they omit carrots, celery, and, if any, corn and mushroom.
The woman on the phone repeated these veggies TWICE, so I gathered that she was taking careful notes...
The food was very tasty!
Mom said the shrimp dish was "good!
"  I asked "Good-good or good-because-you're-hungry-good?
"  She said "good-good, but not 'out-of-body experience' good.
"  (To quote Scott D.)  LOL  My twice-cooked pork (bbq pork sauteed w/ CARROTS, bell pepper, water chestnuts, spring onions, CELERY, and onions, among other things, was also very tasty!
Mom liked the dish, as well, but, when asked, preferred the shrimp.
I had also requested a side of egg noodles (loved the bean sprouts!
), instead of rice, and I really appreciated that they obliged!
Other restaurants would've forced me to take rice, which I cannot have, and then make me pay for a side order of noodles.
This alone deserved a star!
Easily 4, 4.5 stars, which isn't bad for my first take-out meal from here, and I'd have given 5 stars if my request for certain veggies to be omitted was followed.
I will return to try other items, and, hopefully, they'll be more mindful about my food allergy concerns!
Lunch options look tantalizing, and sushi and Hawaiian dishes are also available!

Have eaten here twice in two weeks.
First time we hade take out and it was great.
Keep in mind that nothing beats fresh out of the kitchen, but it was great take out.
Liked it so much we went back to eat at the restaurant and loved the food even mire as it was served hot out of the kitchen and delicious.
The quality was top notch, white meat chicken only, high quality beef, and super fresh veggies cooked perfectly.
We have tried the Mongolian Beef, Szechuan Beef, Orange Chicken, Dumplings, etc... and all were top notch.
This food blows away any established Asian place we have tried like Jade Palace.
The only thing this place lacks is atmosphere as it is mire of a fast food type of atmosphere but the food is first rate tasty and fresh.
A small family establishment just getting started and doing it all right.
Lets make sure these guys stay in business as Scottsdale needs this quality of Chinese food at the affordable prices they offer.
Loved it!
Going back for more.

We love this place.
The Sushi is very good.
The staff is very friendly.
We try to go every week.
Like the Hawaii Fried Rice, lots of shrimp.
Lots of pictures of the food so you can see what you're getting.
A real neighborhood feel.
My wife wanted the Berry Roll and they were out of berries.
They offered to go get some.
Next time we came she remembered and told us she had berries today.
It was very good.

Asian Island has become my favorite take out place.
They have Chinese, Sushi and Hawaiian BBQ, so if I'm in the mood for sushi and my husband wants fried rice, we're both happy.
The food is really good, with very fresh ingredients.
The restaurant itself is nicely decorated, very clean, and the people who work here are friendly, nice and helpful.
We try to go once a week for my sushi fix.

Just had dinner there w/a big group (4 adults & 6 kids).
Our bill came out to $84 for 2 plates of sushi & 6 large size entrees (orange chicken, veggie lo mein, house lo mein, veggie & garlic chix, mongolian beef, hawaiian fried rice).
What a great deal & everything was great!
Even had some left overs!
Located near the Scdl Gun Club.
Give this place a try.

If I could give a place 6/5 stars, that would be this restaurant.
You know those times when you want take out and you want Chinese food but you could be swayed towards sushi, or even maybe even Hawaiian?
Go to this place and just stare are the MANY menu boards.
It's all good.
I've had their sushi (Tiger roll is my current favorite here), their chinese combo lunch plates (which are outrageously cheap), and their fried fish hawaiian combos.
Everything has been great and way more food than I can eat.
Their service is great as well.
They bring the food to your table if you are eating in and start you off with crispy wonton strips and sweet & sour sauce.
Then your food comes, fresh from their grill, and it is just wonderful.
They even offer to top off your drinks for you, and bring you anything else you need.
You could come here for lunch every day, try something new, and never run out of choices or variety.
On top of that, their hours are amazing, something like 10:30 AM to 8PM.
Early lunches to late dinners, and they deliver.
I can't think of anything to complain about.
Maybe they could offer soup.
Really.
That's my wish, not even a complaint, because I probably could not eat wontons, soup, AND a dish.
But I would try.
--- UPDATE - They DO have soup.
It's not on their big boards but is listed on their small takeout menus.
So, there you have it.
It's all good!

I finally tried this place today, after a bad experience at Ono I wanted to give Hawaiian another chance.
However when I waked in here today I ordered the Orange Chicken on auto-pilot - Why?
I really don't know...
It was decent but likely the lamest dish I could have ordered.
The staff seems to be on the ball and the place is really clean, so I intend to return and fully explore the Hawaiian menu.

Crab puffs...very good, spring roll...very good, mongolian beef dinner...great!
I was very skeptical of the reviews at first, so we tried the food.
It is deserving of 5 stars for the quality of the food and the price.
My wife's meal was great also, as I tried her dish.
The food was not overally greasy like most places.
The cook used all fresh vegetables and ingredients as I watched him cook everything fresh.
This seemed to be a family run business as well.
If Asian Island reads this...keep up the great food quality and prices.
People will find you if the food continues to be good and my wife and I thought it was great.
We recommend yelpers to do take out.
We did not eat inside, but did take out only.

When I think of Asian Island, many things come to mind...
Delicious, and I mean everything.
Fresh ingredients that are prepared-to-order.
Great service.
Many menu options.
Forever.
As in, it takes FOREVER to get your food here.
If you are in a pinch and need lunch quickly, call ahead or plan to take your meal to-go.
This kind of deliciousness doesn't happen fast.
Dine in customers (and often customers waiting for takeout orders) are treated to crispy wonton strips and dipping sauce to prevent them from eating one another during the extended wait for food.
But fret not, my friend, for once the goods are placed before you, you can't help but forget the agony you endured waiting for it.
This is top notch fast-casual dining.
Sadly, I have to deduct a star for the slow food service.
If they can get moving in the kitchen and start turning tables over a bit more quickly, they'd have no trouble getting a five star rating out of me.

I can't believe I'm recommending a place that serves Chinese, Hawaiian and Sushi.
And I'm still having a hard time to believe I summoned the courage to try the place.
I would usually turn tail and run, but I trusted my fellow Yelpers and gave it a shot.
They were spot on!
There were six in our group (2 adults, 4 kids) and everyone's dish was legit - and a great portion for the price.
I'm still thinking about the Mongolian Chicken I ordered.
Wow!
Asian Island, I'm so glad I don't need a boat to get to you cuz I'm coming back!

We've eaten here quite a few times and I must say, this is the best Chinese we have had here yet.
I planned to try different things each time but I can't get past the Kung Pao Tofu, it is absolutely awesome.
Fresh veggies (pepper, onion, carrot, baby corn, celery), firm tofu, and a delicious spicy sauce that has become one with the tofu and will be quickly absorbed in their nice sticky rice.
The peanuts put this dish over the top.
Husband has tried the sweet  & sour chicken, Hawaii fried rice, General Tso chicken, Crunchy Shrimp Tempura roll, and the crab puffs.
He had rave reviews for the Tempura roll and thought the other dishes were great as well.
You've got to love a family run place where the youngest kid is sitting up front doing his homework under the watchful eye of everyone working there.
Excellent food at a reasonable price with great service.
Another Yelp recommendation that was completely on target.

I found this place through Yelp!
yesterday and ordered some delivery while I was working at-home.
This place wasn't amazing but it's pretty good for American Chinese food and I will def.
be ordering again.
The menu is really varied which is awesome and they include all of your standard, traditional favorites.
The delivery was fast (about 20 minutes).
The only downside was the lady who answered the phone could barely speak English and had a really hard time understanding me on my phone number, address, and credit card info.
But...it was totally worth it.
I ordered the sweet and sour chicken, spring rolls, and steamed rice.
All yummy.
They even put the sweet and sour sauce in a seperate container which I love because it gives you control over how much sauce you want (hey, sometimes I just want the chicken without the sauce) and is great for leftovers.
There is no other good Chinese food delivery in the area.
A great find.
Try it!
You probably won't be disappointed or greatly impressed.

We have been searching Scottsdale for good Chinese for almost two years and finally we can stop.
We got some traditional Chinese dishes as well as some sushi (Tiger Rolls are amazing).
Everything was excellent and plentiful.
By the time it hit the fridge we barely felt like we had dented it.
All in all it is the best Chinese food in Scottsdale for our money.

this is a typical americanize version of jack of all trades.
hawaiian, chinese and japanese food all in one place.
went here for local yelp get together.
wife had a chinese food and I tried the japanese food (sushi).
if you come here for the sushi.
skip if you come here for a quick chinese food, this one will be fine.
I wouldn't call it authentic chinese food though.
its more like your typical chinese fast food @your local mall.

Searching Yelp for a locally owned place to eat lunch in this area and the Asian Island popped up.
Hawaiian and Chinese cuisine with sushi, prepared and served restaurant style but in a place that looks somewhat like a new dinner/fast food-ish.
I had their Kung Pao Two ~ with chicken and shrimp.
The portion was large and it was delish!
The fried rice was a little dry, but still tasty.
My friend had the Hawaiian Seafood Mix with fried shrimp and BBQ short ribs with a side of rice.
He really enjoyed his meal.
The Hawaiian BBQ short ribs were his fave ~ he gnawed on the bones!
The service is very friendly and eager to please.
If you're in the area looking for a great lunch, the Asian Island is a solid place to go.

Tried the mini version of coconut shrimp.
Wife loved it  I had Kung pao two.
Lot of food, spiced just right.
Service friendly.
Try it for lunch.

Those who desire home delivery beware.
After 1.5 hours and several phone calls regarding status, we finally gave up and called to cancel the delivery.
We were told it would have taken yet another 20 minutes.
We have eaten here numerous times and this is too bad - the food is decent, but the home delivery is not at all reliable.
If seeking delivery, move on to a different restaurant.

I'm born and raised from Hawaii, and this did not taste like anything back home.
I asked the owner if they are from Hawaii, and they said no, they haven't been there.
That was sooo disappointing.
I won't go back.
The service sucked too!

I haven't tried their sushi or Hawaiian selections yet, but this is a great place for your stereotypical Chinese food.
I live close by so I can utilize their delivery service, and they are always speedy.
I'm to the point of obsession with their shrimp snow pea!

When I think back to my past lunches at Asian Island the first word that comes to mind is "value".
The second word would be "kuàisù" which is Chinese for "this was a good meal that didn't take long and they have a soda fountain with free refills and each table has a bottle of sriracha which is also pretty cool"

We have been looking for a good Asian style restaurant that fit our needs since we have moved to AZ.
We heard about Asian Island through a friend and we decided to try it.
The not only had all our favorites, but the prices were reasonable and all the food was very fresh.
Everyone was very friendly and the overall atmosphere was very comfortable.
I would recommend this to anyone who loves Asian food.
I will definitely eat at Asian Island again.

Great plate lunch!
Stopped by for the first time tonight and had the BBQ beef plate lunch.
It was right on target - sticky white rice, mac salad, sweet thinly sliced beef.
It was a very filling meal and tasted great.
Nice prices in the place too.
I will certainly be heading back.

I eat there four or five times each week.
I love the Chinese food the best, but my wife like the sushi as well.
Today I had the Hawaiian BBQ pork.
The flavor was delicious.
The restaurant is family owned with fast tasty home style food and friendly service.
The portions are large with fair prices.
I have tried most everything on the menu and I enjoyed every meal.
You can't go wrong eating there.
I highly recommend Asian Island.

Welcome to Asian Island, home of some of the best Chinese take-out in Tucson--uh, I mean, home of some of the really good Chinese take-out in Phoenix.
For SEVEN MONTHS, I have been deprived of fan-worthy Chinese food.
Good grief.
T-Town should come with a disclaimer: "The city of Tucson lacks 4 and 5-star Chinese restaurants.
" I've been hunting around for a while now, and then on my first attempt at Chinese in Phoenix, I experience a satisfying victory.
For Americanized Chinese food, this place is freaking good.
They have $8 dinner combos for the win, which come with a super-portioned dish, a spring roll, and two crab cakes.
The crab cakes are delicately formed as bite-size pieces of art, with crisp upward facing wings.
Fresh-fried bites of love with a comforting, creamy, white inside.
The spring rolls are likewise fresh-fried.
They have a juicy inside and a wonderfully flaky outside.
Mm.
And the General Tsao's is (a) huge, HUGE (portion) - too much for one person, even if said person has a hefty appetite.
It's not as saucy as hubs prefers, but it sure is tasteful.
Like so many other places, the chicken is tenderly excellent, while it's breading is slightly too saturated (missing the crispy oomph).
I especially appreciate Asian Island's transparent kitchen wall, which allows guests to peek in while the cooks do their thang.
So get on in there and watch how they fresh-fry all their shtuff.

Fresh and inexpensive

My family orders delivery from Asian Island every few weeks.
It's so convenient, and no extra charge!
And we LOVE the pan-fried pot stickers and Mongolian Beef.
The rice is nice and sticky, just the way I like it.
The price is right too.
This is definitely our favorite traditional Chinese place.
We haven't ventured beyond the Chinese food menu to try the sushi.

I was a little early for a Trauma first aid class at nearby Scottsdale Gun Club.
Saw this restaurant a few doors down and stopped in for a quick meal.
Was in a bit of a hurry so ordered something fairly safe - sweet and sour pork.
The test of a good Italian restaurant is their bolognese sauce.
If they don't offer it or it tastes canned, don't bother with anything else they offer.
Fried rice is the real test of a good oriental restaurant.
Get that right and everything else is also probably good.
Asian Island makes great fried rice.
It has that background smoky flavor that says the cooks know what they are doing.
The sweet and sour pork was good along with the spring roll and crab rangoon.
Much better quality than I was expecting.
Asian Island just went to the top of my "where to eat" list when I visit Scottsdale Gun Club.

Really good.
Had beef fried rice and coconut shrimp.
Both really tasty and reasonably priced.
Very friendly service for take-out.

You HAVE TO try the Hawaiian Barbecue Chicken!!
My husband, 16 month old daughter and I go 1-2 times/week for lunch and get it every time.
We love the simple, well cooked chicken and our little one loves the sticky rice and the friendly attention she always gets from the staff.
With so many lunch choices in the Scottsdale Airpark, it's rare we become regulars anywhere.
With their consistent quality, fast service and super friendly staff, Asian Island has gained a lifetime customer.

i seriously love this place.
Their always so friendly and the food portions are huge.
More than enough to split is you want.
Its so cheap and so good and they deliver!
What more could you as for!

Really hard for me to rate this place.
I was a bit apprehensions going in for sushi as it's kind of a small hole in the wall place that has serves everything plus some sushi.
My experience has taught me to avoid such places.
Nonetheless i gave it a go and ordered about $70 worth of susi.
The place was absolutely empty and it took about 35 mins to make the 7 rolls I ordered.
The place was clean and simple.
It's more someplace I'd run in to get a quick rice bowl versus having dinner.
The folks that were working there were very kind and brought us won-ton's and sauce while we waited and offered us a soda.
Nice touch.
The sushi was ok.
It wasn't bad but it wasn't necessarily very tasty either.
It just was.
Had it not been for the nice service I'd probably give 2 stars but as the saying goes - kill em with kindness.

Chicken Katsu was terrible.
It was extremely fatty and tough.

I called an hour ahead for take out and my order was ready when I picked it up.
The Kung Pao Chicken was delicious with a little kick to it.
My kid loved the Mongolian Beef which was a generous serving.
It came with a side of rice, and all for $20.00.
It easily fed 4 people.
I have been coming here regularly and have never been disappointed.
The husband and wife who own the place are always smiling and happy to see customers.

I've had meals here, and food taste great.
Prices are god, and if you go for lunch you should get the combo.
Try their Garlic Shrimp and Teriyaki Chicken as well as the Hot & Sour Soup.
Sushi is good too and at very reasonable price, my daughter loves their mango smoothies.

Tried the mini version of coconut shrimp.
Wife loved it  I had Kung pao two.
Lot of food, spiced just right.
Service friendly.
Try it for lunch.
Went again.
Had Kung pao veggies for lunch.
Friendly staff.
Do it.

Yelpers you were right again!
Had the combination dinner of mongolian beef, fried rice, spring roll & wontons.
Everything was delicious and although the fried rice was meatless it was flavorful--some of the best fried rice I've had in the valley.
Hubby had the egg drop soup which I thought was absolutely delicious but he thought it was a little salty (but what does he know?!
) .
He did like the flavor, but you know, always a complaint.
He had the orange chicken with brown rice which he liked especially because the crust was not heavy and they spiced it up the way he likes it.
Prices are very reasonable.
Service was attentive since it was a rainy day and we were the only ones there.
Their delivery business seemed brisk (although not to my area.
)   I'll have to drive there to pick up my orders but I tell you, it will be very much worth it.
I definitely will be back.
Thanks to Yelpers who give credit where credit is due.

Terrific lunch specials.
Super friendly staff and the food is awesome.
One of those places that you can get a great meal and feel good about patronizing a local family run restaurant.

Ordered Mongolian beef, good flavor but was overloaded with onions and not enough protein.
Prices are fair, it's decent but nothing special.

This is a good restaurant to go if you work near the area and you are in the mood for some cheap chinese food.
The plates are cheap and the quality is what you pay for.
As long as you don't go expecting amazing chinese food for 6-10 bucks, you'll enjoy the place.
The people working here have always been friendly when I've gone.

Love this place great food.
Nice people.
So fare everything has been very good.

This food here is pretty good.
I give it 4 stars because I have had better Chinese food in other cities, but for Phoenix (which lacks quality Chinese food in general) it is actually quite good.
The fried rice is OK, could be better (more fried)....it tends to be a bit more on the steamed side.
The Mongolian beef is good but it's not seared/crispy the way I like it.
The flavor is still very good though.
The Lo Mein is quite good as well.
The fried spring rolls that come with the lunch specials leave a little bit to be desired.
Overall I do enjoy the food here very much.
For Phoenix, it is quite good.
Prices are reasonable as well.
I recommend it.

wonderful mom and pop pan asian place.
came here to treat myself to comfort food after finishing a skating competition.
i opted for the mongolian beef combo plate, given the stellar reviews on yelp the beef was nice and tender, not gristly at all, nicely seasoned and had a hint of spice.
the fried rice was good as well.
the egg rolls were crunchy and warm.
perfect meal to make one happy.
price very very decent.

Holy crap this place is amazing!
The food is super fresh out of the kitchen so I highly recommend eating in the restaurant rather than getting take out.
They've got some awesome hot mustard sauce too.

It's been a couple of years since I last reviewed this place.
Thankfully, Asian Island is still standing tall and cooking up delicious and fresh food at a great value.
The chefs are very talented as they wok and roll cooking up their culinary masterpieces.
They have free delivery which I have used on occasion, especially when the Blackhawks were making their most recent Stanley Cup run.
No way was I tearing myself away from the game.
But I usually drop by to eat at the restaurant.
The families that run this place are really friendly and care if you have a satisfying meal.
If you want more bell peppers and less onions, no problem.
So don't be afraid to speak up for substitutions or if you're not digging your entree.
And of course, they are appreciative of positive feedback as well.
As a side note, one Yelper mentioned that there was a lack of protein in his Mongolian Beef, I find that hard to believe.
I actually ask for less meat for my signature dish of  Mongolian Beef and get a bunch of broccoli added.
All dishes are served with ample amount of food.
Some other favorites include the Orange Chicken, Egg Drop Soup, Chicken Lo Mein, Shrimp Lo Mein and Happy Family.
I'm not a Sushi eater so I can't attest to that part of the menu.
But I have seen a lot of Sushi orders in the dining room.
These guys don't have the name recognition of a couple of other Asian restaurants in the general area, but they are truly the tastiest option.
Believe me, I have tried them all.

We decided to try Asian Island because of all the nice reviews it got.
This is a little mom and pop place that reminds of those little shops in SF Chinatown.
We decided to eat there and they started us off with fried won ton strips with sweet and sour dipping sauce.
Won ton was stale.
I ordered the pan fried noodles and my wife ordered the hawaiian BBQ chicken.
The BBQ chicken seemed like it was marinated over night and was very juicy and tender.
The noodles was pretty good and had shrimp, chicken, and a bunch of veggies.
I thought the food was good and I've tasted better that's closer to us.
So we'll see if we visit again

Surprisingly good place.
It's kind of tucked away in a strip mall area, but the food and service are great.
We've gotten take out and delivery (they'll deliver within 3-4 miles of their location near Frank Lloyd Wright and the 101) with several different dishes and each dish was good to great.
The prices are very reasonable.
I've been searching for a really good "dive" Chinese restaurant in Scottsdale since I moved here 4 years ago and I've finally found it.

Wow !
We will be back for Take Out !
We wanted to try a new Chinese Restaurant in Scottsdale for Take-out today.
What a pleasant surprise )  The service was great.
Delivery was a fast 25 minutes.
The food was really good and hot !
The order was perfect.
The portions were large and generous.
All around Value was terrific !
Next time we will try the Sushi - the reviews look really good.
Ohhhh - we like 'old school' chow mein ... and could have been further delighted with hard crunchy noodles.
We eat frequently at Jade Palace, NaRai Thia and Big Eye Sushi.
Jade Palace has great Egg Foo, NaRai has really hot hot red chili paste for their awesome lunch specials - large large portions - and Big Eye service is excellent and has a -huge- spicy Shrimp dish that is presented like a volcano - heavenly creation.

I ordered General Tso's chicken.
I was served sweet and sour chicken, extremely sweet with green peppers, onions, and carrots.
I asked one of the servers after I tasted a few bites, "Is this General Tso's Chicken??
"  Was told by the woman behind the counter that it was, just with spices.
I did not taste any heat and it was not a Tso sauce.
My belief was that the kitchen made a mistake and no one dealt with it.
If this was Tso's Chicken, then the chef needs to check some recipes for the dish.
Directions In a bowl, whisk together egg white, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons rice wine, 1 tablespoon soy sauce.
Add chicken and toss to coat.
Cover and marinate in the refrigerator up to 2 hours.
Recipe #1 Sauce: * 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce * 1 tablespoon rice vinegar * 2 teaspoons Chinese rice wine or dry sherry * 1 tablespoon granulated sugar * 3 tablespoons chicken broth or water * 1 tablespoon minced ginger  * 2 teaspoons minced garlic * 2 teaspoons cornstarch for thickening sauce, optional  Recipe #2 Sauce: * 1tbsp dark soy sauce * 1 tsp rice vinegar * 1 tbsp Chinese rice wine or dry sherry * 1 tsp granulated sugar * 6 tablespoons chicken broth * 1 tsp minced ginger  * 1 tsp minced garlic * 2 teaspoons cornstarch for thickening sauce * Sesame oil  Recipe #3 Sauce: * 14 cup chicken stock * 1 1/2 tablespoons tomato paste * 1 tablespoon soy sauce * 1 teaspoon chili paste * 1 tablespoon rice vinegar * 1 teaspoon hoisin sauce * 1 teaspoon sesame oil * 1 tablespoon sugar * 1 teaspoon cornstarch  Remove the chicken from the marinade and carefully slide into hot oil in a large wok or pot, 350 degrees.
Fry the chicken until golden brown and remove to drain.
Prepare the sauce in the wok.
Add the chicken and stir for 2 minutes, until the sauce thickens.
For sauce, discard extra oil, leaving 1 tbsp oil in wok.
Add chile peppers and stir-fry.
Add the garlic, ginger, red pepper flakes and 1/2 cup green onions.
Stir-fry  15 seconds.
Add chicken stock sauce, boil until the sauce thickens.
Arrange the chicken on a platter and pour the sauce over it.
Sprinkle with chopped green onions.
Serve with hot rice.

I wasn't wild about this place but it was perfectly okay.
It's kinda a generic Asian restaurant that does not specialize in any one thing in particular.
More Asian than island.

Came here for dinner with the family and this place was great.
I ordered the lemon chicken and was very pleased with the food and the potion size.
The price was great too.
The woman and the man who work here are very very friendly.
I would come back regularly if I lived in Arizona.

Grabbed a burger (yes a burger :P) and some spring rolls for lunch.
Was pretty delish!
The burger was super tasty and a great price and the spring rolls yummy too.
The gal working the counter was friendly and quick so I was in and out of there in a matter of minutes.
(they don't always have a great English speaker but it's really all about the food anyways, amirigh?
:) )  The only "eh" part about lunch was the duck sauce they provide.
It was a little too thick  and color and consistency were not attractive (seemed like very cheap sauce).
Look forward to my next meal there!
(minus the duck sauce :P)

Friendly staff and solid Chinese/Hawaiian food!!

Bland-- lacking spice, garlic, ginger...you know, the ingredients that make you crave Chinese food.
This is typical Valley Chinese.
I wouldn't bother coming here on my own time/dollar.
Can't speak to the Hawaiian dishes.

Asian Island is one of my favorite places for chinese food in the valley.
Although I've never actually eaten in the restaurant the take-out is always great.
It is one of the few places I've not only found Happy Family on the menu but it also tastes spot on.
The Kung Poa chicken and fried dumplings are really yummy too.
I normally grab a bag of wonton chips with each order as well.
When I order take out its always quick, easy and ready when I get there.
The family that runs the restaurant are always very nice and friendly as well.
I highly recommend!

It's not often I venture away from my desk for lunch during the week without having to bring it back and eat all alone.
So I was quite excited to actually get a lunch break...
Since other Yelpers keep checking in here, I thought I'd give it a shot.
The place is nothing spectacular to look, but the service was great and the food was good.
What I was in the mood for, wasn't on the menu so in a hurry I just spit out "General Tso's Chicken Please".
After we ordered and paid I walked away wondering how they will get the food to me since I didn't give them a name and they didn't give me an order number.
Oh well, they'll find us....I hope.
We took a seat outside and waited about 5 minutes before some lady brought our food right to us with wonton chips for FREE.
For $12 (no drinks) for two, I was happy.
I'm not in a hurry to get back here but they met all my expectations and I'll add it to my list of places to eat when I'm craving Asian food in North Scottsdale.

I have eaten here many times and I love the food.
My favorite dish is kung pow chicken and I also get the spicy tuna roll I would recommend this place to anyone

schezwan chicken i ordered was boring and not very good- too bland.
wont be coming back.

Whenever I'm having a night where I just want delivery instead of going out, this is my immediate go to.
They have a really big menu and for the price you get a LOT of food.
The drivers are always very friendly also.
Good Chinese delivery for a great price.

Got a burger with spring rolls for lunch on Monday, spent all Monday evening being sick and am still recovering from food poisoning.
I am NOT a happy camper.

I would give Pei Wei 3.5 stars if I could.
The service was friendly and the dining area is clean and comfortable.
I had a cup of hot & sour soup, 2 wontons, 2 pot stickers and sesame chicken on brown rice.
The soup was pretty good, not great.
I would order a cup again but it's not good enough for a bowl.
The crab wontons were surprisingly tasty, next time order more.
The sauce was good as well.
The pot stickers were terrible, I would rate them a zero.
They're deep fried vs pan fried, so overcooked they were crunchy and hard.
And the sauce was awful as well.
The sesame chicken was pretty good, it has a nice fresh flavor and respectable amount of heat.
Overall I am satisfied with meal.

Excellent!!
Good quality chinese.
Large delivery area.
I will definitely be ordering again!

This place is awesome.
I always order here when I get the chance.
I think my favorite has to be the sweet and sour pork... and the mongolian beef.
Wait, I changed my mind.
The katsu chicken and teriyaki chicken was AMAZING.
Yep, those are my favorites.
haha!
The portions are good.
It does taste more authentic than some of the Chinese places around the area.
And the fact that it's Chinese people that own the place kind of confirms it.
Good place for lunch.
They also have some Korean and Japanese and Hawaiian style food here too!

Just moved to Sdale from the N. Valley and after reading the recent Yelp reviews for this place (and the 4 star overall rating), I thought I would try it for delivery.
Took about 1 hour to get the food and wasn't impressed at all.
Blah Moo Goo Gai Pan and my roomie didn't like his Chicken Lo Mein much either.
Hot and sour soup was so so as well.
I did like the fried wontons they give you for free, thin and crisp unlike most Chinese restaurants.
Throwing the delivery menu in the trash and won't be ordering from them again.

