I had a great experience with Homer the Handyman!
I was quoted $340 to fix a leaky bathtub faucet, patch and paint a hole in the wall, replace and paint a broken door, re-caulk two bathtubs, and fix various broken drawers around the house.
The man who did the work, Evelio, was extremely competent, courteous and professional.
I always feel like i'm taking a gamble when it comes to using a business like this- you never know what you are going to get from a google search... but I guess I lucked out.
I would recommend Evelio at Homer the Handyman to anyone.
He truly knew what he was doing and made the work seem effortless.
The paint and texture of the patched hole in the wall matched perfectly and you couldn't even tell it was there.
The new door was perfect too.
No more leaky bathtub faucet either.
I was very satisfied with the work done and pleasantly surprised that I was only charged what I was quoted for the work and not a penny more, despite running into a few speed bumps in which Evelio was quickly able to adjust to.
I will definitely be calling Homer the Handyman again when the need arises!

+1 star for having a strong website with a request-a-service form so we phone-phobes can avoid calling +1 star for BBB accreditation  +1 star for sending Angel, a technician who lives up to his name, to the house within 24 hours of the email to give me a free, WRITTEN quote -1 star for not having availability for the actual work until 3 business days later +1 star for providing a one-hour service window and sticking to it +1 star for taking credit cards on site (they have iPhone Square complete with signing stylus) and sending me a receipt as I stood there  Angel is an amazing technician with vast and varied experience.
My work included a dishwasher installation, two toilet leak repairs, and two faucet mixing cartridge replacements.
All told, $525 but both toilet tank innards were completely rebuilt including the seal holding it to the base of the toilet.
Angel worked with an emphasis on QUALITY and CLEAN work, rather than fast and "good enough.
"  He kept a blanket down to prevent any damage or dirt from the surrounding area and took great care to install everything thoroughly.
They guarantee their work for 3 months and I put this to the test when I heard a dripping from inside the wall after the faucet work was done and I thought something might not be tight.
He returned within 48 hours of the call (again, the - star part above about timeliness is my only concern with this company, but they're worth the wait if your house isn't falling apart) and not only verified it wasn't coming from his work, wouldn't rest until he found the source of the leak (a good 10 feet above the faucet in my high-ceiling bathroom), went to the part store, and returned to stop the leak.
He then tidied up the drywall cut outs to prevent drops, removed the plastic tarp he'd put down, and told me to call when I'd had another company come out to do the dry-out of the carpet and walls (flood restoration - I'll review that company when done).
I was surprised by the quick repair done on what could have been, to him, just a quick check that, "nope, it wasn't my work.
Have a nice day.
"  Very much enjoy this company and would recommend to any and all!

Angel came out to install a storm door but had to do a bit of work around the frame to get it installed properly, with some new moulding and widening of the door area.
He did a great job and it looks and works really well.
I was quoted 5 hrs for the work and it actually took him about 5 and a half, but I was only charged the original estimate.
I'm not sure if it's standard in the industry to charge by the hour or by the job so can't say whether I got a good deal on cost or not.
$75 and hour seems high to me but I can't fault the work.

