They say Smiths is Kroger equivalent around here, so it was the perfect place to stop for some Distilled water for my CPAP machine.
They had what I wanted.
While this in no way contributes to the review, It still takes a little getting used to that even the Grocery Stores in Las Vegas have Slot Machines!

One of my local grocery stores that always has what i need no matter what!
it amazes me that its open 24 hours for the late night cravings of stuff you can only get at the grocery!
The rewards program is great and love the discounts i am able to get with one little swipe.

Smiths in North Las Vegas by Aliante Casino is a newer store, size wise fairly large with lots of variety.
It's located in a very well manicured, tree lined neighborhood.
Prices are like Albertson's on Ann and Simmons, but when they have sale items, it can be a really good deal if you have a Smith's rewards card.
I stopped in here to pick up some groceries for my relatives.
I didn't have a Smith's card, so I aksed the cashier at the self serve area gave me an application.
Shoot me, but I didn't fill it out, I just took the cards and hoped it would give me the sale prices without giving away my email address - and it did.
They are open 24/7 but so is the Wal Mart neighborhood store a mile away at Ann and Simmons and Winco and the big Wal Mart nearby off the 215 west.
What makes this Smith's stand out from the two others in North Vegas is that this feels like a safer area, well maintained, and fairly well stocked, My brother who lives close to the aforementioned Albertson's prefers to come here whenever he shops.
Same with me during my at least monthly trek to visit.
The entrance puts you right into the produce area, very bright, well laid out area.
It's not Smith's fault, but the produce in Las Vegas are mostly trucked in from LA, so they're not often that fresh.
But I really think their produce is better than most places.
I often see produce employees throwing out older produce that other grocery stores keep here in V egas.
This being the fall season, there were about 7 varieties of apples, 4 varieties of pears, several citrus, and the usual vegetables, including some Mexican/Asian ones like Jicama and macho/burro bananas, greens, melons, preserved fruits (cranberries and blueberries) and nuts galore.
In the late fall, I see things like Concorde Pears, a rarity that tastes like the expensive mail order dessert pears but at $2 a pound.
Their meat prices were excellent this week with some rib steaks at about $4 a lb, some chicken legs/thighs at $1 a pound, and several other decent bargains.
They have their in store K (Kroger) brands in sodas ($3 a 12 pack), veggies, etc.
and this generic is fairlycheap compared to its name brand equivalent.
I got some Russel Stover 1 lb.
candy for $7, compared to $10 retail, The had lots of vitamin supplements at 2 for 1`.
Everything was well until two fire fighters came in and did their shopping.
A few women gushed when they walked by.
It was fine with me, The women on the way to the cashiers stopped just long enough for me to pass them by and get checked out before them.
Too bad Smith's moved out of OC and LA about 20 years ago.

this has got to be my favorite Smith's in town, I even drive a bit farther just to not go to the ghetto one on Nellis.
This store is always clean and well stocked, have always had good service.

Wow!
out of the 5 reviews I see on here, only one is from a local!
So now I will make it 2 local reviews.
It's amazing how we take the little things for granted.
You know, like gas stations and grocery stores.
That's what makes Smith's special.
24 hour convenience!
You never know when you might need milk or eggs or gas or medicine etc, at 2 in the morning.
Since I live here, I didnt realize how many times I go here for not just the common things, but also for some of the oddest random things.
Like one time my wife was craving pepperjack cheese at 2 in the morning and no she was not pregnant.
In most cases, I not only get what is needed, but I also tend to get things that look very appealing, especially when it's on sale.
Like namebrand cereals.
Sometimes they have them 2 for 5 bucks.
Hay, who doesnt like Coco Pebbles, Captain Crunch and Frosted Flakes?
Regular prices are usually 4 bucks a pop!
So when I see it on sale I stock up!
Of course to get the discounts you gotta get a Smith's card!
It's easy to apply cuz it only takes a couple minutes.
You not only save money but all the money you spend equals points towards discounts when you gas up at the Smith's gas station adjacent to the store and yes its 24 hours as well.
With gas prices the way they are, it's comforting to know that you can get discounts off of gas just by doing what you normally do by shopping.
A special shout out goes out to the people that work here especially the swing and grave shifts.
Most people dont want to be shopping for things at 2 in the morning let alone working all night!
So overall, I appreciate you my dear Smith's.
I am proud to call you my store cuz you are always there for me 24/7 and I mean that literally!

Great store that has nearly everything.
I have found some products almost half the price of Some of Smith's at the Wal-Mart Neighborhood market.
Still, Smith's is a better store then Walmart by far.
The layout is really well done, it's clean, and most of the staff is very nice.

This Smith's kind of grew on me.
Initially I really detested going here because I don't like the attitudes of some of the workers here.
However, Smith's was the one place there for me when my fiancé got really aggressive stomach poisoning and requested Sprite, Gatorade, and chicken noodle soup at 2AM.
I have also started frequenting Smith's more because I love their organic, gluten-free, nu-wavey food aisle.
If you're looking for a specific Asian or Mexican item however, you may not find it here.
They try their best to carry speciality items, but only serve the most prominent items of that ethnic food group.
Prices are always decent, it's open 24-hours, and there's a self-checkout aisle so you don't have to interact with any staff.

Went in looking for steak!
I wanted petite sirloin however there was only one two pack left and they were not good cuts.
There was a man restocking the meats that approached me asking if I needed any assistance.
I asked if he had any more two packs of petite sirloin and pointed at the only one left stating it didn't look good.
He agreed and immediately took it off the shelf and grabbed a family size of petite sirloin and said go ahead and pick the two you want and I will separate it for you!
Super great customer service for a supermarket.
Usually if something is missing there is no more!
It was great to see him go out of his way to open a family size package and re package it just to get the two cuts I wanted :-)

I really like this Smiths.
The staff is always helpful, parking is good, produce is fresh (usually),and I never have an issue with lines.

Awesome SUSHI with sushi chefs.
One biggest turn off about this place is the price of their fried chicken!
Over priced for overall!

Great grocery store.
Been going for years.
Super nice people and clean.
Baggers even refuse tips for taking out groceries.

I have to do a review for their bakery department!
I went to them for convenience but ended being surprised with their dedication for their customers.
I placed a special cake order to reveal the gender of our unborn baby.
My requests were simple.
But they took that request and blew me away.
The time and effort they put into the cake was amazing!
Very very happy and I will definitely be back for any bakery needs.

I've been shopping a lot at Smiths lately for it's by far the best grocery store in Vegas.
I get off work late at night and Smith being 24 hours is really convenient.
They have absolutely everything I could ask for from a grocery store.
Recently I wanted to get flowers for my girlfriend, it was 8pm and every florists was closed.
I ended going to Smiths and one of the workers help put together an arrangement for her.
The customer service was on point.
It ended up perfect.
Smiths will continue to be my grocery store for everything!
-Joe

