With a BOGO coupon in hand, I showed up at their Grand Opening and laid down a to-go order for a Cheese Steak and a Chicken Parmesan sandwich.
Excitement was in the air, and the employees were very accommodating and friendly, offering me a complementary beverage while I waited.
Entering the homestead with a fresh crisp Planet Sub paper bag, the family gathered round for the unveiling of goods from this long anticipated sub shop.
I harvested 2 foil wrapped sandwiches and a free chocolate chip cookie from the sack.
Salivating, as I unwrapped each sub, I laid them on the kitchen island, deferring the first bite to the wife and daughter.
Here are our critiques.
Planet sub only offers a 'made from scratch' whole wheat bread for their subs.
The Cheese Steak sub was more like a fresh version of a cheese steak sub, with raw green peppers in place of sauteed ones.
I'm not hating, but the Chicken Parm sandwich had a very strange chemical taste to it.
After nearly ten minutes of deliberation, my daughter accurately identified it as 'tasting how a sharpie (or dry marker) smells'.
My wife thought the cookie had a similar chemical taste to it as well.
I look forward to returning and ordering a style of sandwich more inclined to a whole wheat roll.
They do offer 9 different veggie subs as well as salads.

Had a nice lunch at Planet Sub that just opened up South of my house.
My Fiance and I have both worked for Planet Sub's in Wichita and Kansas City and were very sad to move away from great oven baked subs!
I got word that P Sub opened up in Chandler and went down for lunch and had an AMAZING southwest chicken sandwich and my fiance had The Torpedo.
Everything was as i remember it 4 years ago.
nothing beats Fresh Baked Bread made IN THE STORE and that chicken is to die for.
if you are in the area then be sure to stop here for a sandwich!
i hope Planet Sub expands down here!

Within 48 hours of my initial review, I received an email from corporate, saying the situation mentioned in my review was rectified, and offering me a gift card for my troubles.
Shortly after that, I received an email from the local Planet Sub apologizing for the 'sharpie' taste and offering a complementary order.
This company pays close attention to the customer and works to resolve any problems.
They display exemplary customer service and I look forward to being a loyal customer

My wife and I have eaten lunch here about 5 times since it has opened and every sandwich we have tried has been fantastic.
The first thing you will notice is the fresh baked bread made from scratch daily.
It is so good we even picked some up last night to eat at home with my wife's homemade Italian Beef.
The next thing you will notice is the infinite amount of choices.
When was the last time you were at a sub shop where you could get artichoke hearts, sun dried tomatos, sprouts, and portobello mushrooms.
I highly recommend the planet sub, Dagwood, and Southwest Chicken.
There is also a portobello mushroom sub that I added chicken and jalapenos too which was amazing.
Don't remember what it was called but it was under the veggie subs section.
My wife gets the same thing every time which is a build your own with chicken, sun dried tomatos, and artichoke hearts.
The other great thing that was mentioned in one of the other reviews was the service we receive every time we are in there.
It is owned by a mother and daughter who are in there everyday and are always making sure that we like our sandwich's.
It is a welcome change from the usual sandwich shop.
Welcome to the neighborhood.
We look forward to being loyal customers.

Another great spot in my neighboorhood!
I had never eaten and a Planet Sub so I perused the menu and the gentleman behind the counter offered some advise.
I settled on the Chicken Parmesan sub and a cup of Chicken Enchilada soup.
My daughter got the kids meal with a grilled cheese, chips, and a drink.
The total was just under $14.
Great value!
My sandwich was delicous!
And the soup was tasty and had just a little kick to it.
My daughter loved her grilled cheese with all the yummy melted cheese and fresh baked bread.
While were were finishing up one of the gentleman that was working in the back came out to ask us how our dinner was.
He was in from Kansas helping the store with some minor issues.
It appears those issues have been fixed because I told him everything was great and we would definetly be back since we live close by.
Who doesn't like fresh baked bread and fresh ingredients?
They also have a punch card so that's another great incentive!
YUM!

My boyfriend and I came in for lunch the other day and while I realllly liked my sandwich, he thought his was just "okay".
I ordered an untoasted 6" turkey club and added mustard instead of mayo and a side of potato salad.
He ordered a footlong buffalo chicken sandwich.
I *think* the reason he thought his sandwich was just "ok" is because the buffalo sauce isn't very spicy.
I personally thought it was delicious.
I wanted to try his sandwich to see what it tasted like, and I liked it better than he did!
The turkey on my sandwich was fresh sliced off a deli slicer and they didn't skimp on the bacon whatsoever.
The bread was really tasty too.
On his, the quality of the chicken was super good and to ME the buffalo sauce/flavoring on the sandwich was great.
The potato salad was decent too.
I'm unsure if there are special deals per days/etc but if not- I'd totally come in at least once a week!

Decided to try this new sandwich Shop on Dobson and Germann.
Since opening we have been at least twice every week!
I love sub sandwiches especially the specialty sandwich Shops like Fire House Subs and Jimmy John's.
They have a large specialty menu of sandwiches as well as a build your own.
They also have a ton of add on's like sundried tomatoes, artichokes, cream cheese, guacamole, etc.
AND the best part is they are baked to perfection!!

My experience with Planet Sub was an extremely positive one.
My family visited at the recommendation of a friend and we were glad we went.
First of all the location is wonderful.
We live in Clemente Ranch which is basically across the street and we actually come over on bikes.
The inside of the shops rivals any Subway I have ever been to.
The wife ordered the Green Turkey, I had the Pesto Bello Combo with turkey, and my 7 year old had the Kids Meal (cheese sandwich).
Upon our first bates, we thought we'd died and gone to sub Heaven.
You could taste the freshness, and they immediately went to the top of the sub food selections for us.
They play 80s music,which works for me  The only thing preventing them from me giving a 5-star review are the prices.
Although higher prices are certainly justified they still seem a tad too expensive.
With my above order plus a drink we were in a $16.
The guy who took are order was more than polite, and I can see recommending the venue to friends.

Love this place!
Unique and yummy subs.
Great service and great food!

The subs here are GOOD!
This was my first time dining at Plant Sub.
When you walk in the menu is a little overwhelming.
There are so many choices!
I recommend checking out the menu before going.
I decided on the Green Turkey (turkey, bacon, guac, salsa, cream cheese, onions, sprouts and tomatoes).
I asked to have it on wheat bread and the staff told me all of their bread is whole wheat...nice!
They handed me the Queen of Hearts playing card (fitting I know) and that's how they found me when delivering my sandwich to the table.
All subs here are served hot unless you ask for it cold.
I normally don't like hot subs but these are ridiculous.
The bread is what really makes this place stand out.
The fillings are delish too, but really...it's all about the warm fresh bread.
My goddaughter (very picky eater) inhaled her sandwich and said she never wanted to go to Subway again, that this is her favorite sandwich.
Seating gets a little tight during the lunch hour.
A few tips...  Tuesday = $2.50 any Turkey sandwich  Thursday = $3.00 any Veggie sandwich  They also have a stamp card to earn a free sub.
Go get some lunch!

Been here a few times.
The subs are all delicious.
The service is fast and friendly.
You can call ahead and pick up or order in store.
The restaurant is clean and the seating area is nice with a couple TVs in it.
Definitely a good place for lunch.

Good sub,  decent prices.
A notch above the regular chains...
I'd definitely pick this place over them.

Went here for a late lunch today.
We had a recent Living Social coupon, so it was a good opportunity to try the place.
Simply put, excellent.
I had the Pastrami Melt (pastrami, pepperjack, kraut, mustard), and my wife had the Dagwood's Dream (don't ask me for the list of "stuff" on it!).
Very flavorful, lots of meat.
We would (and will) return.

What can I say - it's OK...
I picked up a tuna for the hubby and it wasn't what we expected.
It was a tuna salad - with pickles and all that other  rubbish!
I didn't like it - just tuna and mayo folks simple is better!
Maybe we will have a better experience next time - but with the sammies being a bit more expensive, I guess I thought it was going to be super good!
It wasn't ...
Drag!
It's so close to home - I will give them another try - their menu is pretty extensive - I have to find something we like!
Update soon Yelpers!

Too expensive!
I prefer other sub places like Port of Subs for the same price.
I like picking out my toppings and seeing what they are doing...
The staff was excellent though.

The subs are fantastic and fresh.
Great shop and great customer service.
My husband and I go all the time.
We are life long customers.
My favorite is the Torpedo and my husbands favorite is the Smokey Southwest.
Mmmmm...delicious!!!
I would strongly recommend trying Planet Sub for yourself.

We started coming here for work as an option other than Port of Subs.
The staff is very friendly and it feels like a family run business.
I have tried the italian (delicious), the pastrami (delicious) and the philly cheese steak (delicious) but my favorite is the grilled chicken.
Seriously I think it is all due to the baked fresh and toasted bread.
The dining area is small so if you come when the Intel hoard is there expect to wait.
Make sure to get a stamp card and take advantage of Double Stamp Wednesdays!!
This is my new favority sub shop.

It was OK.
But the bread is what made me give it four stars

Pretty good baked subs.
Had a Ham n Swiss, and then the Bacon Mushroom  melt..  Clean location, Little over priced, 1- Footlong 1- 6" and 2 drinksn chips 20 bucks..
Probably drive up to Krazy Subs next time, but think they are closed Sundays...  :-)Rank 3.5 but cant do half stars.///

With there fresh baked wheat bread and all there fresh toppings all toasted together, what sub place could be better!?
?They have there famous Turkey Tuesday and Veggie Thursdays.
So yummy!
I'm there at least 1-2 times a week!!!
My family and I love them.
They just added home made fresh Bread bowls for there soup!
There service and customer service is great!!!
A must try!!!

A lil $$ but it seemes all subs shops are getting there.

This place is a family favorite.
If I were to compare it to Subway I don't think they'd even be in the same world.
It's THAT good.
Everything is extremely fresh and you can tell.
They have numerous sandwich choices you can order hot or cold but their toasted subs are what they're known for.
I'm always impressed when we come here.
So happy they're expanding to new locations!!
The kids meals are also a great deal, so inexpensive!

I was thoroughly impressed with this sandwich.
The girl behind the counter was awesome in helping us on our first time.
Ill be back for something a bit different next time.
EDIT: I have been back three times now.
2nd time was AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
but then the 3rd and 4th time was not so good.. little meat, not such a great choice of the sandwich on my part..
I still give it a 4 because the awesome customer service (even with a new guy.
) and the amazing sandwich i had the 2 times.

This is by far my favorite sandwich place in Chandler.
The fresh baked wheat bread is mouthwatering.
My coworkers and I make Planet Sub our lunch stop at least once a week.
The creamy club is definitely my favorite.
They have a lot of different sandwiches to choose from and you can turn any sandwich into a wrap.
The other sandwich places in the same vicinity don't have anything on Planet Sub.
My only request is that they would open more locations in the valley.
This location is very easy to find and the service has always been superb.

I am a creature of habit and sometimes miss good places while I frequent places I'm familiar with.
I used to go to Firehouse Subs when I was craving a sub, but finally drove on Dobson instead of Alma School and realized there's a Planet Sub over there at Dobson and Germann.
Now that's our goto place for subs.
I still like Firehouse a lot.
Their brisket sub is mouth-wateringly delicious, but every time I go there it's a total C.F.
and really crowded and I'm more stressed out when I leave, so I save that one for when I'm already stressed out and sweaty.
The service is always top notch at Planet Sub and I like the daily specials like a $2.50 turkey sub on Tuesday and the double stamp day for the punch card on Wednesdays.
We've tried the Yello Sub, Torpedo, Pesto Bello Combo, Big Dipper, and the Meatball Grinder.
All amazing & made with fresh ingredients on toasty, crusty wheat bread.
I want to try the Smoky Southwest Chicken because that just sounds wonderful.
They are not fast food and definitely worth the wait (which is not long).
I like that we can call the order in and it's ready when we get there.

Best sub place ever!
I started eating these subs back in Lawrence KS where they originated from and was so excited when they decided to move to AZ!
Great food, great service!

Although its not the least expensive, I believe that they offer the best sandwiches available.
Big meaty sandwiches, fresh bread, made fast.
Always a win.
Dagwoods dream is a must try.

Pesto Bello yumm :)

Decor is schizophrenic and low budget, staff is friendly.
Order half hoagie... it is hot and tasty.
A bit too much dressing but better too much than too little.
Bread is good and fresh could of used toasting on the inside (open face) before being dressed to add crunch.

This sandwich shop is amazing.
The portion is just right--not giant, yet not too small of sandwich.
The ratio of meat/veggies to bread is perfection.
This is one of the best sandwich shops I've been to, and I've been to a lot.
You can tell their bread is baked fresh every day.
It's mouth-watering!
Service is great, location is always clean, and prices are fair.

PS has been getting a lot of my lunchtime business lately.
Usually go for the sub, but on a whim, decided to order a Chipotle chicken wrap.
Why do they call it a wrap, because essentially, its a sandwich, in a burrito.
I'd much rather be eating a "Sanrito", which makes me think of Hello Kitty.
Conversely, the "Burwich" makes me think of Burma, now called Myanmar, which makes me think of self-immolating monks... which brings me right back to the roasted chicken in this here wrap.

Great customer service.
I got mega roast beef sandwich.
It looks and taste good.
I would buy that again.
So much selection.
I have to go back to taste every one of them lol.
I would come back for another sandwich next time.

I love coming to Planet Subs.
It's right by my work and every time I have came in for lunch I'm in and out and don't have to wait long to get my food.
The sandwiches are fresh and lots of variety to choose from.
On certain days they have specials and the sandwiches are cheap.
On Tuesday they have turkey sandwiches for under $3 and on Thursday they have veggie sandwiches that are around $3 :)

I avoided this place for the longest time because I thought it would be "another sub shop" but I was wrong!

I opted, by recommendation, or Dagwood's Dream, pastrami, roast beef, ham, mozzarella, onions, lettuce, tomato, and horseradish.
All sandwiches are warm, at least, that's how they recommend them.
All in all, I'd say a great deviation from the regular sandwich place.
Check it out!

Wow.
Crafting a good sandwich really isn't that hard, I'm not sure why so many places around here can't do it.
But this tasty joint gets it.
I ordered for delivery and like most people I was terrified that I would receive a soggy ball of mush.
Instead, the bread was perfectly toasted, the tight wrapping around the golden torpedo allowed the party of flavors to dance in warmth and the delivery was perfect.
Quick and friendly.
If and when I meet Neil Degrasse Tyson I will look him in his galactic eyes and say "Fun fact: Planet Sub is the newest edition to our Solar System.
BOOM... How bout dem bosons"

Best toasted subs in Chandler!
Try the Torpedo or the Planet Sub.
It all started one spring day in Arizona...
Laying on the table in front of me, someone had bought me a six inch roll of aluminum foil that looked strikingly like a Chipotle burrito.
It wasn't.
You could tell it was a sub based on shape and smell.
I was informed that it came from Subway, but after one bite, I knew that it couldn't be Subway.
The foil should have given that away.
And, boy, the sub was tasty.
Freshly toasted, spongy bread, Salami, Pepperoni, Pastrami, Swiss, Black Olives, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Dijon.
The best Italian sandwich I'd tasted in a while - and I'm not an olive guy.
I HAD to know where it was from, but the mystery lunch provider was gone.
Weeks later, I stumbled upon Planet Subs on Yelp and recognized its proximity to my house.
Doing some detective work, I noticed the all-too-familiar aluminum wrap.
The ingredients checked out too.
I was reunited with the Torpedo, one of the best items on Planet Sub's menu!
Quick Note: The location on Arizona Ave has really funky hours (I think it caters to a lunch crowd).
I've gone several times, only to be disappointed by dark lights and a sign redirecting me to this location on Germann.

The scene: It's the day before my wedding, and there are people and flowers EVERYWHERE.
No room, no food, no time.
With about 45 minutes until our mani/pedi appointments, the GrubHub app came out and we picked a random sandwich shop.
My helpful father picked up a variety of salads and sandwiches, brought them back, and we devoured them en route to the salon.
I had a chicken Caesar salad with tender grilled chicken, banana peppers, bacon, parmesan, hold the onions please.
The dressing to salad ratio was perfect, which is a big deal to me.
The best part was the little roll of bread that came with the salad.
I figured with a side roll that good, the sandwiches had to be pretty good.
I was right.
On our first dine-in experience I tried the veggie sub and was not disappointed.
I usually dislike subs for two reasons: boring deli meats and plain, tough bread that cuts my mouth when I bite in.
These sandwiches fit neither!
The ingredients are fresh, flavorful and in delicious combinations.
The bread is soft, doesn't overwhelm the sandwich, baked in the shop each morning.
I'm impressed.
The service is top notch.
Someone has said hello or goodbye every time we walk in, with a genuine "thanks for stopping by!

Since we moved to our new office in Chandler Planet Sub has been our go to place for lunch!
They have a ton of different options and their staff delivers to our office.
Very helpful as we don't have a lot (or any...lol) free time to go to lunch.
Great little lunch spot in Chandler!

I tried this place out for the first time about 4 wks ago when my office moved into the area.
I have had three different sandwiches (Crab Californian, Big Dipper and the Pastrami Melt) and everyone of these were AMAZING!
Very fresh, flavorful and no after tastes as I would get from JimmyJohn's.
I also keep ordering their Garden Salad that is made with wonderfully fresh vegies!
AND THEY DELIVER at this location.. SUPER PLUS in my books.
I wish they had a location in Gilbert too!
The employees have always been super nice on the phone and during their deliveries.
LOVE THIS JOINT!

I had the Turkey deli sandwich.
It was good, the restaurant was very clean and service was great as well.
Going back.

this sandwich joint is honestly one of my fav sub joints.
the subs are great and they make their bread fresh every morning.
I suggest the cheese steak.
fair prices and great food.
I live right next door and I ride there weekly(:

