Here's the problem I have with this review: THERE ARE NO REALLY GOOD CELL PHONE COMPANIES.
Period.
Every one I've dealt with or discussed with other people use the same tactics to pad their accounts: They use hidden charges, or mysteriously add links, or don't disclose fees, etc.
etc.
Now this place is no different.
I had the bad luck to add insurance, but not be notified it was a charge to EACH phone.
I was told if there was any problem to my phone to bring it right in.
And I did.
Only to be handed a business card for the insurance company that was actually supposed to handle the problem.
I wasn't informed there would be a deductible on the insurance as well.
Surprise !!
There is!
Forty Smackers.
ouch.
But the store is clean and the employees aren't too pushy and they are better than the last carrier ( Sprint ).
And the phones they provide are nicer, but still not very ergonomically designed.
So why not drop them to a one?
Because all they rest are worse.
And you can't go lower than a one for them.
So I'll be generous to them here.

Now I find out they "gave" me a promo, unbeknownest to me, and now I have to pay an extra $14.95 PER PHONE PER MONTH until the contract runs out.
And it was for 4g service for a 3G phone??!
So infuriating it is unbelievable.
And when you call them up---All they want is your money and are unable to fix anything.
The thing that gets me is that sometimes you get a decent person on the phone and sometimes you don't.
Obviously J.D.
Powers didn't interview me on how well customer service is and isn't.
HA HA.
I just noticed the ad was right next to my review.
Probably won't be there when you read it.
So just imagine it being there.

Very helpful location, employees are friendly, phones are great, service is better.
i have never encountered a problem here or at any other T-Mobile location.
I  am a little upset to hear AT&T may buy T-Mobile because AT&T sucks, but other than that I would recommend this location to anyone.
I've always had a flat fee for my service and the people here have always been direct and got me what I need.
Good service is the most imporant thing to me when is comes to phone service, and T-Mobile is one of the best.

I always despise going into a phone place.
It's almost as bad as going to a car dealership.
Luckily, I had a pleasant experience with my last visit.
I came in with a standoffish attitude, but left as a brand new owner of a Galaxy S iii.
Pros: * Very good customer service and informative sales representative * open layout with hands-on setup throughout the store * non-pushy sales associate and patient too  Cons: * numerous attempts at upselling, but hey what do you expect...it's part of the job.
* with all the technological advancements in this day in age, one would expect that mail-in-rebates are no longer in existence.
Why not do away with this and just offer the rebate upfront?
Things would be so much simpler!
Overall:   I'm a happy customer.
He told me about my warranty, went over map coverage, talked about hidden features, went over the phone's basic functions with me, transferred over my contacts, explained warranty, and plan coverage.
He asked me numerous questions to see which plan was most suitable for my needs, but never pushed me into anything, which I appreciated.
Tips: * if not offered, make sure to have your contacts transferred over.. it's free * Assure that you totally understand all the fees and charges.
if not ask questions!
* Keep your paperwork for future reference... trust me it helps for future issues if any.

The guys and gals here are great, always helpful even when overwhelmed.
It's a fast paced business and its quite a challenge to juggle the multitude of personalities and problems that come into their location.
The are always professional and personable.

Went there to upgrade the ladies was nice and kept a conversation going since everything was taking so long to transfer.
Then this guy took over because one of the ladies had to go on break.
I told the guy that I wanted all of my pictures transferred and he didn't do it.
He told me to do something else when I got home but that didn't work neither.
Now I don't have all of my pictures from when my son was born I was very disappointed and I still am :/.

Quality of calls and service area coverage are inconsistent.
Customer service reps always seem to be helpful, but that doesn't make up for dropped calls and no "G" service areas.

