My experience here was pleasant and comforting.
My doctor was knowledgeable, professional and friendly.
Pam, her nurse, whom I had a lot of my visits with shared personal experiences and always made sure that my health and well being was priority.
They offered many services as well as packages to save money.
I took advantage of some cleansing and weight loss packages, just to get on track and feel more healthy.
I learned about nutrition and healthy eating and what methods to use for quickly and safely dropping a few extra pounds.
Even if you don't know exactly what you are looking for or where to start, I think the staff here can guide you.
Their B12 shots and recommendations for fish oil and B Vitamin consumption seemed to help me and I will be replenishing my supply soon!
If you're in this area, or even if you're not (I drove up from Chandler on my lunch hour!
) check them out to see what products and services they can help you with!

The first treatment worked wonderfully and I was happy to show off my legs on the beaches of Costa Rica.
Today, I'm back again from another treatment  and Dr. Nelson does a top notch job.
The staff is very friendly and call to remind you of your appointment.

Went here because the prices were relatively cheap compared to some of the other health spas in Phoenix.
My roommate and I started the 3 week HCG program together (both of us having done it in the past and knew how it worked.
)  After a full week of the injections, we were still starving, shaky, sick, lightheaded at even the slightest movement and had only lost 2 lbs each.
We had followed the Pounds and Inches protocol exactly, yet the HCG wasnt working like it was supposed to.
So i called the female Doctor, and she told me we werent doing something right and just blamed us for it not working.
She was very rude and continued saying her program wasnt to blame, it was something we were doing wrong (cheating on the diet, ect.
)  Which we didnt.
So we tried an experiment.
We continued to take the daily injections, and decided to have a "cheat day.
"  We ate Sushi for lunch and pizza and beer for dinner.
Knowing how HCG works, this should have made us gained atleast 3-5 lbs overnight.
The next day we weighed in, and DIDNT GAIN ANYTHING.
Im convinced they sold us bad hcg.
They refused to give us a partial refund, or even switch the HCG for a fresh bottle.
They insisited it was our fault and there was nothing they could do for us.
AVOID THIS PLACE!
They were nice enough, until we left the clinic.
Then we were on our own to figure out whatever it was that we were injecting into our bodies.
Spend a few bucks more and go to a good quality Spa.

Had an appointment with Dr. Nelson who was friendly and professional, as was his staff.
Other patients in the waiting area were also very friendly and helpful.
Would definitely recommend you try them out, definitely my best Groupon deal to date!
;-)

