Vonn, is an amazing hair stylist.
I know that whenever I go to Vonn I am in good hands and will never leave disappointed.
If you want a hair stylist you can trust and has a great personality go check out Vonn!

I travel a long, lonnggg way to get my hair style and face shave at Vonn Wynn's Studio.
I think that says it all.
Men, if you have never tried a face shave, give it a try.

Love VONN!!!!!
She will have my business for as long as I have hair.
ALWAYS friendly and in a great mood.
I look foward to seeing her every 6 weeks!!

I've been seeing Vonn for a year now and I can honestly say she's the best stylist I've had!
She gives great recommendations and the outcome is always top notch.
Plus she's super friendly and a good conversationalist.
I feel like I'm seeing a friend every time I get my hair cut.
I highly recommend!!

It is always a pleasure to visit Vonn.
She gives great haircuts and is a nice conversationalist.
Her shaves are always a treat!

AWESOME, AWESOME, AWESOME.
I've been going to Vonn since I moved to AZ almost 3 years ago, andI made the transition with her from Floyd's when she struck out on her own.
Always very professionla, coutreous, andup to date on the newest products and cuts.
I would recommend her to anyone.
Love the text reminders and monthll newsletters!

Vonn is awesome, she knows exactly how I want my hair done!

First came in entirely by accident several years ago; I've been coming back to Vonn ever since.
In fact, I left my stylist of 5 years and switched to this studio.
I always feel like I'm visiting a close friend and I always leave LOVING my haircuts.
I am incredibly picky when it comes to my hair (Yes, I'm so vain, and I probably think this song is about me).
I like my haircut detailed and I often switch up my style (even in the middle of the cut sometimes)...and Vonn delivers every time.
She never says, "your hair can't do that" like some other stylists that I've been to in the past.
Why?...cuz she's THAT TALENTED.
Skilled, meticulous, patient, and a great conversationalist.
She's worked at both of the top two high end salons in the Valley, so I like knowing that I'm getting an experienced, high-end stylist at an unbelievable price.
Vonn's always got a genuine smile, a great attitude, and she treats her clients so well.
I never feel rushed.
I've treated myself to a face shave a couple of times: my face was smooth and refreshed--it was so incredibly relaxing that I fell asleep the first time.

I was looking for 10 more stars....Vonn is the best, she is a talented Styler....and the experience when in her Studio is wonderful.
Vonn is always a pleasure, I always look forward to my visit.
Vonn is the best!

