I have a few bettas and one had some weird cottony fuzz going on with the tips of his fins.
I'd not experienced this before, so I looked up where to find a specialty fish store.
The folks at Petsmart/co weren't cutting it.
Their knowledge tends to be pretty broad-spectrum and they usually aren't fish gurus.
So, after Googling various fish forums,  I took a jaunt up to Blue Reef to ask for advice, equipped with photos of the fish and its offending fuzz.
I'm an experienced fish owner, so I was really expecting to talk to the fish professionals.
But, despite being very kind and personable, I was surprised that the guy at the counter turned to his laptop and googled the fish symptoms!
That sorta surprised me.
But, whatever.
My boyfriend says I should cut him some slack (and I do, I mean, he did help and this is a 4 star review).
But call me crazy, when I go to the butcher, I expect the guy to know about steaks.
When I go to the specialty fish shop, I expect the guy to know more than I do about it.
But, the bottom line is, Google or no, he really did help me resolve the issue and my fish is on the mend.
:)  So thanks for that!

This is a super great place to go for your salt water needs.
They were super helpful and really chill.
I also loved that the store was super clean and all the fish were color coated so you knew what was reef-safe and what wasn't.
All the coral looked pretty spectacular and all the tanks for sale were top-notch.
We're just getting into the salt water aquarium hobby and these guys just made a customer for life!!!
:-) Please go here.....................it's totally worth it!!
:-)

These guys were awesome!
They had a very knowledgeable staff that helped to answer all of the questions I had (believe me, I had a lot).
The store is an awesome set up too, and its very easy to see all the product they have to offer.
I will definitely be back to pick up more corals!

Never again will I ever come back.
I'm sure that the staff is knowledgeable.
This place even had what I was interested in buying.
My issue is the service, which to me is most important.
Been here 3 times in the last week.
Not a single employee attended to me the first two times.
But it was super busy and figured that their interest was with customers that were either buying something or are regulars.
I decided to come when I thought it would be slow enough to get service.
Came in for the 3rd time around 6:30 pm on 7/5/12.
Once I walked in, I noticed no customers.
Sweet!!
No reason someone can't help me.
But to my surprise, not even a hello.
I get in these spending moods and today was one of them.
Interested in purchasing a 150+ gallon tank and a California Stingray.
Walked around the store 3 times and thought maybe I will at least be asked if I needed help.
Yeah right!!!
Not even a goodbye when I left.
At least they are consistent.
To anyone, even other stores, reading this post I need advice on another  exotic fish store.
I have couple of friends driving out here from California because I told them about the selection of tropical fishes.
Now I need to apologize to them and tell them to go elsewhere.
I don't know what the problem is.
Do I have to have a certain look to get any service?
Never again.
I'm sure to tell anyone that's willing to hear, don't come here.

I'm new to salt water tanks.
They walked threw everything with me.
Told me what's good with each other what's not.
Tested water for me.
Hands down best place I have been for service and help.
Pretty good prices too, I would still go here even if they are a bit more because of the fantastic service!

Wow.
I am new to the area (from New York City), and had to take care of my boyfriend's jelly fish tank.
I know NOTHING about fish, and even less about jelly fish.
I called ten - TEN!
places and no one could help me.
Although they're a bit of a hike, I called Blue Reef, rather desperate.
The staff is amazing.
They spent so much time with me and were very patient, as I was eager to learn.
I will be back, and will be buying lots more stuff.
They are awesome.

AVOID THIS STORE!
(Since they'll avoid you after they've got your money..)  Okay, I'll admit that I was (still am) a beginner at fish keeping.
I had a nice little cylindrical 10 gallon freshwater tank that had 2 small live plants and a small angelfish.
I had come in for a new plant to replace one that was starting to wilt away.
The staff is very pushy in offering products and livestock, and I was talked into a pleco before I left.
I  was a little hesitant but felt good about the advice I was given and my subsequent purchase, until I came home and realized the angelfish was aggressive towards the pleco (staff assured me that the angel wouldn't notice the pleco- hmm).
I put in a couple hiding places for the pleco, and hoped for the best in the morning.
About a day later, I noticed that my angel was acting a bit sick- the shop was helpful in testing the water (with purchase, of course) and told me everything was okay.
Both fish died within the next 24 hours.
I tried to email them, wondering what it was that I had done, and they read my email and ignored it.
It's likely that the pleco was diseased when I purchased it, which I can't hold against the shop- it's unlikely that they could tell either.
My issue was their carelessness post-purchase, which will keep me from ever stepping foot in their shop again.

Just found this place today, and I love it!
Great selection of fish (freshwater and salt water), large variety of supplies and knowledgeable employees!

My Fiance and I really like this store a lot as we bought our dragon fish from here about five months ago.
Why I am now just completing my Yelp review is beyond me I suppose out of sight out of mind perhaps?
The selection of fish is really good since they remodeled and added more fish, tanks and merchandise.
They have a great selection for fresh water and salt water fish!
I like that the store is divided in half with both types of fish.
They have a great variety of coral and live marine for fish and tanks.
The quality of fish is great and the prices are fair.
They have everything it seems, seahorses, shrimp, hermit crabs, eels, sharks and a huge inventory of fish!
The staff is nice and always available to answer questions and seem very knowledgeable.
They have a great selection of tanks both small and large.
We stop by when we are in the neighborhood which is not very often unfortunately.
This is a full service aquatics store, if they don't have it then you don't need it!

Fantastic customer service.
Cleanest reef store in Vegas Valley.
Only comparable store is reptiles and reefs in henderson for cleanliness.
Good selection and will order custom tanks if they do not have the setup you want.
Highly recommend this store, even just to see some great reef setups.

When my wife and I walked in we were blown away.
The layout and design of the store is top-notch.
That's where my excitement ended.
The friendly-ness of the staff is 50/50, at best.
We've gone in there about 5-6 times and a couple of the younger guys are always super-helpful.
But wow, the older guy and young lady that work there, I just walk in expecting to be ignored if I see they're the only ones working.
I requested a quote on a pricey item and never got a call back.
So their competitor got the sale.
As far as the fish go....for spending so much money you'd think the fish would be better.
A lot of dead and even more unhealthy looking fish.
They turn over a lot of fish so maybe I go in on the wrong days.
I'll probably go back but it won't be my first stop, by any means.

Still one of the best selections in town...customer service is sketchy...really depends on what mood the owners are in.

I've been in all the stores and have purchased fish and dry goods from just about all of them.
Was in the hobby 15+ years ago and when I first got back into it, I visited all the shops.
Even though a new shop opened up 5 miles from my house, I still travel 30 minutes each way to this store.
Their level of personalized service has been outstanding.
I'm not a guy from another store, nor have I been put up to this by anybody.
I was looking for their hours of operation and looked at the reviews.
Thought I would throw my 2 cents in.
I was buying fish from everybody.
The tank crashed and I was always messing with it due to it being unstable.
Once I got back up and running I decided to patron one store.
Blue Reef is my store.
They are layed back and always have time for my (seemingly hundreds) of questions.
Unlike other stores that will tell you to definitively do this or that, they are realistic and simply try to steer you in a positive direction.
Make no mistake, salt water tanks take a good deal of attention and work.
AND, it's not an exact science.
Once I started to isolate my purchases (especially on live stock), everything changed.
I have a few fish at are very costly and some that aren't all that expensive.
They are all fat and healthy... All from BLUE REEF.
Thank you to Donna and Greg for their tireless efforts and the fair pricing.

Owner is shady and only pays attention to you if you have money or if you have the appearance of having money.
The store is nice and the selection is decent but this owner has a bad habit of spamming Craigslist and trash talking other stores and their owners in town.
Won't step foot in here as long as it's in operation by the current owner.

Customer service has gone down considerably since they no longer have a couple of their good employees.
I would personally rather go to Desert Reef where the customer service is absolutely amazing.

Nice, smallish store that has a good selection of fish, but better yet, live corals and polyps.
It does cater to salt water tanks, but the prices seem about par for the course.
I noticed that the tanks are well quarantined and well maintained.
Though a bit small, the selection is pretty good and the tanks well lit.
A little out of the way unless you live off the 215 in North LV, but if you're an enthusiast, you have to check it out at least once.
Haven't had a problem with the help myself, but I'm rather easy to get along with.
Short little review for a decent mom and pop store.
Right up my alley.
Will check out again when in the area.
And will definitely keep in mind when stocking a tank or looking for that hard to find anemone or fish.

