En Fuego, located inside the Doubletree Resort, is best known for its great buffet breakfasts (06:30-10:00), but we just tried it out for dinner and were not disappointed.
The decor is up-scale, and since there were only four other customers on a Sunday night, the service was great.
The wine list is a bit pricey but agreeable.
Don't expect exotic new cuisine, but the staples were all right on target.
There's a variety of tapas such as jalapeno-bacon-wrapped shrimp as appetizers, and the entrees are classics such as Delmonico steak, chicken breast, char, and a seafood medley.
We had the lamb chops and the pasta with spinach and mushrooms and both equaled anything we've eaten in the valley.
The former came with broccoli sauteed to perfection and an excellent butternut squash risotto.
We also enjoyed the chocolate romance for dessert.

My husband and I went there for lunch and it was plain jane.
The girl that seated us had a bit of an attitude but both the server that brought us our drinks and the man that took our order were the exact opposite.
They were helpful and friendly.
The speed of the service was great and the food came quickly.
The reason for the low rating?
It has to be because of the prices vs the food.
I think $12 for what is essentially a deli sandwhich ( I had the smoked turkey and hubby had the egg salad) is way too much.
On the plus side the fries were really yummy.
Maybe we will try once again but this time for dinner to see if they have a better quality.

Really good food.
Sometimes great service, sometimes poor.
Inconsistent.
Seem short staffed sometime.

The dinner tapas are fantastic!
Try the bacon wrapped shrimps, scallops and out of this world lamb chops!
Seriously, they must put crack in their lamb chops because I want to come back to Phoenix just to have them again!

They are either hiring the right people or training them well.
Staff is so friendly and falling over themselves to please.
Especially, waiters Josh and Christopher, and Hostess Sonia.
The tapas dinner is OMG quality.
I can't try anything else cuz I'm addicted to the jalapeño bacon wrapped shrimp and the mini lambchops.
Served cleanly and beautifully with excellently prepared broccolini.
So surprising for a hotel restaurant.
Love the fireplace outdoors.

We've been to En Fuego three times and practically had the place to ourselves, which I don't understand because it's ambiant, the service is great and the food is exceptionally good.
Husband enjoyed his tapas of short ribs and shrimp; the broccolini was perfect -- bright and crisp.
As a vegetarian, I get a little tired of pasta with vegetables, but all three times, the chef (last night it was Victor) has oblingingly made a vegetable plate that is a delectable work of art.
Garlic mashed potatoes with perfectly grilled roma tomatoes, eggplant, zucchini, young asparagus, and a peppery red onion.
Rebecca played the perfect server, attentive but not hovering, polite and amiable.
She responded to every thank you with "my pleasure.
" Indeed, the evening was OUR pleasure.

Rare that an average hotel has an excellent restaurant, but that is certainly the case here.
The servers were friendly, helpful and attentive.
The ambience was very good and so was my lunch.
I wanted something that wasn't too big, so the server suggested the steak taco trio -- which was just the right size and an excellent choice.
Everybody in our lunch party was pleased with the food and service.
Thumbs-up!

