After a few hours hanging out at the bar, I was in the mood for a Fatburger.
I ordered a Large Fatburger with Cheese.
The wait was the usual 15+ min....standard for Fatburger.
I appreciate the fresh food, so I don't mind the wait.
The Burger was awesome as usual.....it didn't have a chance.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EzUypdlXXX75D_Cj14DnuA?select=ZlevLbfaM4ZX2BkAxIQNow  Return Factor - 90%

Good burgers and good chili fries, albeit everything at Fatburger is quite on the expensive side for fast food.
This Fatburger is located in the food court area inside of Wild Horse Pass Hotel & Casino, so it's convenient if you're staying in the hotel and need to satisfy a late night burger craving.
Service was okay but the employees could have been friendlier.

Great Great Great...
So much so this was my Friday date night with the Wife...  And she was truly happy with the Burger...  She, Said it was the "BEST IN TOWN" and trust me we eat a lot of Burgers...
Wait time was about 7 minutes, as they cook everything fresh and boy were the fries hot... Trust me do the "combo specials" which will save you about $4 bucks...  Also this Fat Burger is not owned by the same group that owns the others in town... Have eaten at 4 of the others here in AZ plus ones in Calf.
& NV...
THIS ISTHE BEST...
The only complaint (this is as a past fast-food owner)  they had 6 people behind the counter... Great for service, but must play heck with employee costs...  Great Food...  XXLDADE  (6"4' 270 and love to eat)

Hamburgers!
The cornerstone of a nutritious breakfast.
I won at the casino so I figured, why not enjoy the offerings of yet another burger chain that we do not have where I come from?
I don't like orange cheese so I was happy to see that unlike most semi-fast food establishments where you have to sign a waiver to opt out of the cheese on the burger, here, you have to ASK for it if you want it.
That "cheese by default" sh*t rubs me the wrong damn way.
F*ck you, Wisconsin!
So, they serve up a tasty burger without cheese, and with all the standard toppings it hit the spot.
The fries were decent but nothing special.
Mind if I have some of your tasty beverage to wash this down?

Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.Went here on 08/24/2013 at about 6 pm and was my first time being at any Fatburger and if all other Fatburgers are run this way it will be my last time entering a Fatburger.
The line to order was painfully long, and as we were standing there i found out why, all the people working there looked like they were on Quaaludes...they were working soooooo slow...like they didnt even care, I ordered the XXL burger and sadly it wasnt all that good , the burger was very dry i also ordered the chili-cheese fries and the chili tasted like Hormel chili from a can....very disapointing  Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.

One of the slowest "fast food" experiences I have seen.
The staff couldn't try any harder not to look more uninterested in serving the customers either.
The food however is pretty tasty for a burger joint, and the prices are what you would expect from a casino.
You can do better, but if a burger and fries are what you crave.
This is as good as it gets.

