I found this company through the BBB site.
Looking for someone with a good setup, and no major complaints.
All I really needed was for someone to mow down all weeds in my yard, and ensure that the weeds wouldn't come back.
After filling out a form on their website,  I was contacted that evening.
We had our initial discussion on what I wanted, and I was able to get an estimate within a few days.
The price was very fair, and they did exactly what I wanted with my yard.
Prompt, concise and fair.
My kind of business.

Really good service.
The man who I talked to on the phone was very friendly and personable.
They had good rates and did exactly what they said they would.
Overall 5 stars, for timeliness and good service.

We started out ok - Dave came out and gave us an estimate to clean up our yard and our mother's yard.
He came out on time, pulled all the weeds and dusted to supposedly keep them from coming back.
We also agreed to pay every month to have him come back and "take care of the weeds" which we took to mean that they'd pull whatever weeds had come up between visits.
When he was due for the first monthly visit, he called and said they were so busy he'd have to come the next week.
Already not a good sign, but ok...
When did they did show up the next week, they pulled none of the weeds and many weren't even dusted.
When he was at my mother's house and she tried to talk to him, he said he was too busy and would call her the next Monday (this was a Thursday).
Never called.
When my mother finally did get a hold of him, he said he didn't tell us he would pull the weeds each time, but he would come out on Thursday (yesterday) and pull what was in our yard.
Never showed up and didn't call.
We were really hoping that we'd found someone reliable, but we'll keep looking.

Darren is a first rate professional.
He not only showed up on time but called later to see that everything was to our satisfaction.
We purchased a short sale home and the lawn was so horrible we considered getting sod  Darren assured us he could get our lawn looking great by May... it is now mid-April and he was right.
We no longer have a weed and brown patch ridden lawn.
Also, when we had an irrigation issue, he referred me to a wonderful company.
I even got a fantastic house cleaning company when he heard me comment on how our other company flaked out on us.
Once again his recommendation was bang on.
We will be loyal customers from now on.
As for the reviews of no call/ no show...
I think they have the wrong company.

We have been happy with the service we've received from Darren.
He is very responsive and the work done was exactly what was promised.
We are on a bi-weekly schedule and his crew has always been on time and efficient.
I would recommend Darren and his crew.

We have been using Darren's ABC Landscaping for a number of years now (at least 4) and have been very happy with his service.
We have a fairly large yard with lots of shrubs and trees and a large front lawn which always look great.
I would recommend this company (and have) to anyone.

