As a resident, this place is poorly constructed.
I've talked to other residents at the pool and come to find I don't have the same opinion.
You can hear whomever lives above you walk around all night long (and it's loud if they have hardwood (laminate) floor, hear your neighbors have sex, residents going up the stairs (which sounds like a herd of animals).
If you get annoyed easily, either live at the top floor or don't live here and live somewhere cheaper.
If you are a light sleeper, live on the desert side as in the middle of the night cars/motorcycles speed on 68th.
I regreted moving in here after a few weeks and cannot wait until my lease is up.
Other residents I've gotten to know hold the same opinion.
Parking is terrible.
Like the other comment says, your friends will have a brisk walk unless you live near the larger parking lot.
I will say on a positive note, the on site staff is very nice and helpful.
Mainenance is quick to tend to replacing the air filter or any other issues.
Other than that, for the price you pay (and it's high), it's not worth the location and it's NOT worth the frustration.

Huge fan of Barossa at Paradise Ridge.
Moved in in December 2010 and enjoyed our stay for a year and moved to the east coast.
After a few short months, we're moving back in for another year at Barossa.
The complex is new, modern and attractive.
Great for dogs with the large open area next to the property and the nature preserve behind it.
The pool and hot tub are nice, we actually used the BBQ area, and the exercise room is pretty nice, too.
The best part about Barossa is the staff.
Stacey, Ron and team really, really impress me.
They've gone out of their way for me numerous times and it's obvious they take great pride in the community.
I'll be frank, no property is perfect, especially if you fail to keep in context this is an apartment complex with a lot of people living in a small space.
Sure, I've hear my neighbors a few times, the parking can get tight on the weekends, but keep it all in perspective.
Rent is reasonable, it's all new and very modern/attractive, you're right in N. Scottsdale, walking distance from Life Time Fitness, close to shopping and parks... if you're not able to own your own home in N. Scottsdale and need to rent, Barossa is a no-brainer if you ask me.
Very happy resident and look forward to returning.

We just moved in here.
So far it's great.
We have a bottom unit.
The staff is friendly and attentive.
We got zero pet fees, don't have to pay electric..
Parking does suck but I don't have anyone over an it's not that big of a parking lot..im in the center of the complex which is why I don't have a problem with parking also.
The one thing that sucks is the people above us have a large dog and we can hear it running around when the owners come home.
Sounds like are stomping or jumping.
And we need more grass!!
I love the location, gym, Starbucks, whole foods, yoga, dry cleaners..though all the restaurants near by suck..

I've been here for almost 2 years and love our little community!
It's been the perfect set up and the views from our balcony on to the desert are incredible.
The community is quiet for being an apartment complex and the staff is incredibly friendly.
I don't think I've ever waited more than 24 hours for a maintenance request to be completed and the management is incredibly considerate of their tenants.
We have a 2 bedroom with hardwood floor and everything is holding up incredibly well and I'm constantly complimented on the space by visitors.
The rent is good for the location!!
You are right next to Whole Foods, Lifetime Fitness, 10 minutes from DC Ranch, and 5 from both Kierland and Scottsdale Quarter.
Oh and you're sharing a road basically with the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess.
This is prime real estate.
We're moving in to a house to accomodate our growing family in a few months but I'm going to miss this place!

