The Sky Bar opened to the public for the first time last night :  http://www.list.co.uk/article/32592-point-hotels-stylish-new-monthly-pop-up-sky-bar-opens-in-the-penthouse-suite/  As the article says, it's open to us normal folk on the last Thursday of every month in 2011, from 6 to midnight, I believe.
When I walked into the Point Hotel I saw signs for the SKy Bar and followed them to the lift.
As I walked past reception I was stopped by the guy there who (as nicely as possible) demanded to know where I was going.
Um, to the bar?
Oh right... well... it's cash only.
Um yeah fine, whatever.
I rode the terribly small, not too clean, slow and wobbly lift up to the 5th floor where the bar is located.
I walked out into what was a room which had probably about 30 to 40 people in it (capacity is 90) most of whom likely work nearby or know someone involved in the bar.
The view is, of course, stunning, and the majority of people were standing by the window enjoying it.
The other half of the people in the room had either gotten there early and snagged seating (enough for about 10-15 people, if I'm remembering correctly) or had gotten there a bit later and were left like us, standing in the middle of the room with no place to put our drinks.
We all agreed that while extra seating is not essential, tall tables to gravitate around and set drinks on, would definitely improve the space.
As it was, there was just a large empty area in the middle of the room which was just wasted space.
Then there was the band.
They were in a prime location for more seating and man were they hokey.
Hokey hokey hokey hokey hokey.
They probalby sang "I just called to say I love you" because they were that kind of hokey.
I enjoyed my cocktail, despite the annoying name - something about flying high in the friendly sky.
But, none of us really felt like we wanted to stick around for a second drink so after only about 40 minutes there we took off, in search for a more comfortable watering hole.
It was fine, but I don't see myself going back.

This bar is a great venue more than anything else.
I could see private parties or a wedding reception being held in this space, but as a bar, it seemed like I was intruding on a private party really.
My friend and I decided to check it out as it's open the 1st Thursday of the month to the public.
We entered the reception and staff were very helpful in pointing us in the right direction to the bar.
The lift is incredibly tiny and I'm not sure why.
The mirrors inside it make you think you're in a much larger space than you are, perhaps exacerbating claustrophobia.
But once you get to the right floor, the space is incredible.
Stunning views of the castle and city that you can't take your eyes off of.
My friend and I managed to snag a table by the window.
Many of the tables were reserved from the opening time at 6, but by the time we arrived around 9 most of those people had left.
It seemed that the majority of people there were in groups, making for more of a work colleague vibe.
This would be a great place to bring a group of colleagues or friends for some drinks, but not really if you're on your own.
As far as the drinks went, they were pretty standard.
Lots of champagne options which is always good, but you can tell it's a temporary bar.
It's definitely worth checking out the one day a month it's open, but be sure to bring a good group of people with to make it a worthy night out.

