Real Mexican food.
REAL.
I ordered en Espanol.
Street style tacos:  Handmade tortillas, deliciously seasoned meats (listed below), onions, cilantro, lemons, salsas, radishes and pickled jalapenos on the side.
Gordita:  Like a tostada sandwich full of meat, lettuce, sauce, cilanto, onions  Burritos:  Any meat choice including Lengua, Cabeza, Tripas, Carne Asada, and more.
The real deal!
Amazing complex flavors.
Atmosphere is down-home, clean, but looks dirty because it is in a rundown strip mall.
It is a sit down after you order from the counter type place.
Be forewarned, its run down, and not in a charming way.
Totally worth it for the food though.
Not fast food.
It always takes them quite awhile to prepare everything, and it shows in the results.
Cash Only.

I agree with everything the previous review said.
This place is as authentic as it gets on this side of the border.
My regular order is two tacos al pastor and a manzanita.
The people here are friendly and helpful.
They used to be open until 3am on the weekends but I think that has changed.
They also operate a food truck on McDowell between 24th and 32nd Street on the North side of McDowell.

This is seriously very authentic Mexican food!
Me and my boyfriend are regulars and usually order carne asada tacos, chorizo tacos, sopes, quesadillas, tostadas, or burritos.
Those are all super duper good!
The salsas are spicy and tasty, just like they're supposed to be!
Don't be fooled by the sketchy outer appearance of the building, you will not be disappointed!

I call this place, Little Mexico to my friends and coworkers because it is so authentic.
I've been going there for about a year, mostly because its less than a mile from my work and on my way home.
I've never been disappointed either.
I brought some carne asada tacos and a bowl of beans back from work with me and now all my coworkers are addicted.
We even did an event with 15 people, so I stopped by the day prior to ask how to handle it.
Just had to call in order early and it was all ready and organized on time.
Great service!
It can be a long wait for your order if they are busy, so just fyi.
Salsa is very spicy, very flavorful!
Great stuff all around.
They now have horchata too.
Haven't tried it yet though.

The tacos al pastor were incredible, and the place definitely has "authentic" written all over it, but the sope and the tostadas with carne left something to be desired.

In search of Tacos de tripas I was guided to Tacos Sahuayo by Yelp.
This is not the best looking place but its comfortable the people are nice.
The Tacos are even better.
I had one of each, un taco de lengua, uno al pastor, uno de cabeza y uno de tripas.
They are big and are served on two tortillas along with a bowl with limes, cucumber and radishes.
They were delicious!!!
Its hard to find a good place that has Tacos de tripas and this is one you must try.
(Cash only)

A dive but friendly service and great  tacos

Found this place on yelp - thank you Yelp!
It is not a place I would go to without the recommendation of others, but yum!
I recommend the street tacos!
$1.75 each and filling 4 is enough for a man two was more than enough for me!
Pollo and pastor for meat (everything is in Spanish so ask questions if you like to know what you are eating.
I got a mini quesadilla too but it paled in comparison to the tacos, will eat there again!
Super friendly staff, I live supporting small kick butt businesses!

This place has EXCELLENT street tacos.
The Carne Asada taco is one of the best I have had perfectly seasoned, grilled and perectly tender.
FYI- for anyone who hasn't gone yet- when you are looking out for the restaurant the first time you go, make sure you look for Tacos Saguaro (that is what the sign says- for some reason Yelp has the name spelled wrong.

A hidden gem.
Without a doubt, the best street tacos in Phoenix.
I usually don't go for street tacos because that's just code for baby sized tortillas with skimpy fillings.
Not so!
Small (not tiny) tortillas come loaded with the good stuff.
Fresh toppings and your choice of meats-- asada, carnitas, and many more.
They do chicken right.
I can't remember the last time I had chicken at a Mexican restaurant that wasn't that plain boiled shredded white meat.
This place serves chicken chunks crisped up on a griddle and lots of seasoning and a hint of lemon.
You can mix and match your tacos, and four tacos makes a big meal.
The burritos have the same meat choices.
Great tortillas again.
Another bonus is that the burros aren't massive- hear me out.
A burro is supposed to be hand-held food.
When it's so overstuff it splits apart or squirts out, you're making eating harded.
These are very well crafted-- good shape, size and ratio.
Not too much tortilla (I'm looking at you Azteca), not too much stuffing (Rito's).
Plus, the price is right you can just get two burros and still be out the door for $10.
The staff is very friendly and accommodating of gringos like myself.
Open late.
Alas, no breakfast burros.

First time there after finding them with yelp.
Tried the street tacos they were good not the best I have had but still very good and the price is right.
The cute young lady taking orders was very personable and helpful and lead us to what we should try first.

Best tacos ever!
Period.
Better than any tacos I've had in AZ,CA, even Mexico.
Cash only.

We got the pastor burrito and 3 tacos - pastor, asada and carnita.
The food definitely tastes more authentic.
They also give you sliced radish, cucumber, lemons, and pickled carrots to accompany your meal.
The sauces they have are delicious as well - I liked the darker one in the squeeze bottle but needed the stuff they gave us in a bowl for heat.
I'm not positive that it was asada, but one of the tacos was particularly amazing.
Definitely the best carne asada I've ever had (if that's what it is).
The flavor is complex without being salty.
Its awesome.
Definitely a must try!

Carne Asada plate is awesome with fresh chopped onions and cilantro with hand made tortillas... can't go wrong!
Don't forget to bring cash!

I go here at least once a week.
Best tacos I've ever had!
Who cares if it's a little dive-y?
The best places are!

I really cant say much about a non pretentious, low key hole in the wall that is mostly frequented by a Mexican clientele.
This place makes tacos just as good as youll find on a street cart in Mexico.
I had the four taco plate, 2 lengua, 1 cabeza and one of chorizo....all were pretty tasty but the cabeza taco stole the show for me.
Their homemade salsas were bomb too!
Im definitely going back here again!

Only slightly frightened when I walked in the gal came out of the back and seemed to have a coughing fit which concerned me a little or maybe a lot  but when the pollo taco and tostada arrived they looked and were muy bueno and the mama brought me some deep chile red hot sauce that warmed my heart and maybe other places still to early to tell.

This place is a dive, in the best sense of the word.
Truly basic interior, swamp cooler (you'll fall asleep if you sit at the table under the blower on a summer day) and pretty basic menu, but with treasures that rock - the only thing I've ever tried is the Al Pastor, which is the best I've ever had.
On gorditas, or in any other form, it is awesome.
Cash only, no soda fountain - bottled drinks only (but good selection of Mexican sodas and juices).
Occasionally they have some Horchata brewed, but not very often.

Really delicious food, freshly prepared.
Ambiance is very low key.
Large picnic style tables with plastic tablecloths and a TV with Spanish programming in the corner.
A cute Mexican family was having a post-church lunch during my visit.

Great street tacos.
Warm corn tortillas, filled with a plentiful amount of Carne Asada, with cilantro and onions.
Hot sauce was great.
The hot stuff is REALLY hot though.
It's not in a great area, but don't let that keep you from trying this place.
Also the staff is super friendly.

Tacos and tostados were absolutely delicious.
Delicious meal, loved the vegetable tray you get as an appetizer.
The place definitely looks a little sketchy outside, but the inside is nice.
Highly recommend squeezing some lime on the tacos!

In Phoenix for work, checked this place out and came back, several times.
The tacos are fresh and so tasty.
Nice to be able to have Jarritos soda.
I tried the asada, pollo and carnitas; everything was great!
Lots of food, i never left hungry.
Fast service.
Only downsides are they are cash only (not a big deal but know before you go) and parking is tough.
There is additional parking in the alley out back, but it is the alley out back.
I definitely would recommend this place to any fan of street tacos.

This place is my favorite Mexican restaurant the food is excellent and the service is as well!
Today I asked for a order of chips and salsa they looked at me like I was some sort of gringo but came through by frying up a couple of tortillas and serving it with there yummy salsas no charge the tostadas are the best

Best sopes ever!
Carne asasa torta is also delicious!
One of my favorite mexican food restaurants!

We were just a few miles away from this place, and we were hungry.
Yelp showed good reviews, so we drove over!
First, the parking is tiny.
At least in front.
They say "more parking in back", but it's not immediately obvious how to get to the back.
The building is run down.
Inside, the place is a dive.
Not exactly "dirty", but not what one would call well-maintained.
On the wall is a small menu,  Actually, the sign is large, but there are only a dozen or so items on it.
The primary choices are "tacos" and burritos.
The tacos are soft open tacos, sometimes called "street tacos".
Several meats available.
Asada, pastor, lengua, chicken...
I opted for a combination plate which had some decent refried beans, rice, pastor (pork) and asada (beef).
Normally I give a pass on the beans, but these were tastier than most (I got a sample), so I went with it.
The rice was very good.
The meats were served with warm tortillas.
They were simple, but very good.
From what I know this is really authentic fare.
Not Americanized, just what ordinary Mexicans have in their homes.every day.
It's a bit far from my house in the east valley, but this has made the list of places to go when I find myself in Phoenix.
Be warned, it is cash-only here.

delicious carne Asada beans and rice, got the burrito with cheese and a 1/2 liter Mexican coke for 8.50 well worth it.
cash only, parking in back, you'll know you're at the right parking lot in back when you see the Mexican Coke bottles.

Excellent tacos!
Great service!
I've only found two other spots in the valley with good tacos.
I've done my research too!!
The tacos here definitely made the cut!
Fresh garnishes, tasty meat, perfectly crisp tortillas, yummmm!

