Got all three of my dogs vaccinated here and it was SO much cheaper than if I had taken them to my vet!!!
I would have paid more just to see the vet.
Didn't have to make an appointment.
They are also a rescue so I like that I gave back to homeless animals.
They do cats and microchipping too.

Took our puppy in for her updated shots and she was so thrilled to go in there.
I have never seen a dog so excited to walk into a vet office.
But the truth is Home Fur Good isn't a vet office.
It's like a family that wants to take of your pets.
Kaia was so excited to see all of them that she was spinning and circles and peed on over one of the women there.
But she just laughed and said it was okay and continue to  love on her.
I was so happy that Kaia was so comfortable there that I would pay an arm and leg for a visit that didn't traumatize her, but I walked out paying $28.
This place is wonderful and I would recommend it to any one with a pet.
They are a shelter too so by going to them you are helping out tons of others animals that need a great home.
Its a win win.

Have been looking for a new dog to join our family and was really impressed by how friendly everyone there is.
Ended up volunteering at the shelter as well and WOW they are highly organized and all the volunteers are so nice and the fundraisers and adoption events are all so fun.
Will be taking Cayenne and Pepper back there for shots for sure, and hopefully foster a pooch soon.
Have never fostered or adopted but the staff has made me feel really comfortable about the process and learning the dogs' personalities.
Stop in and say hi to the pooches and cats!

This non-profit organization is a great place to adopt a dog or cat!!
They take their business very seriously - when 1 animal gets adopted they make it a point to rescue another pet from being euthanized.
They also have a very friendly staff dedicated to the mission of the organization and they offer a low-cost vaccination clinic onsite.
Highly recommended!!

Got my dog's shots and micropchip for a great price at their low-cost Sunday clinic.
Terrific experience!
Lady at the desk was really friendly, staff was great with my pup, and it took no time at all!
Price was great.
They sell donated items for great prices, such as treats.
I bought a huge bag of treats for $2.00 and all the money goes to the rescue!
Great idea!
Wonderful experience!

Home Fur Good is not the first shelter with which I have volunteered, but I definitely foresee it being the last if at all possible.
Never have I seen an organization with such an amazing group of volunteers and staffers.
Everyone truly cares about and enjoys what they do - and it shows!
The facilities are impeccably well-kept, the furry residents get tons of care & attention, and no one ever seems unhappy to be there.
I cannot stress enough how thoroughly this shows in the overall temperament of the dogs and cats!
It's no easy task to make an animal feel loved, cared for, and appreciated while spending time in a shelter, but I think Home Fur Good accomplishes it - or comes about as close as it gets!

