I dropped in to ask about hydroponics, as I was totally clueless.
The guy holding down the fort offered me a very large compendium of gardening that included a very informative section on hydroponics (but was very helpful in most every other area of gardening).
The book cost about $20.
This is a very large warehouse that should satisfy the needs of every contractor or landscaper.

I bought a book at closing and it was the wrong one I called the next morning and was treated worthlessly and Walter said 'fine bring it' and hung up.
I came in and asked if I had talked to him then he became hostile/rude then kicked me out and said I don't want ur business bc I had asked about a book for marijuana and that was out of line?
For your store.
RUDE!
Go to Amazon and get it 25-50% cheaper trust me.
And u don't have to be abused.
Ps the book was for my brother with his med.
card in cal.

For almost a year now I have been  dealing with this store (Primarily the one on Dean Martin).
Throughout my endeavors the staff has been kind and helpful.
I have enjoyed very fair pricing and vast supply inventory.
Last night a digital ballast failed.
Having thrown out the receipt, I was in a bit of a panic.
When I called, the gentleman told me to bring it down.
When I did he tested my burnt out unit, went behind the counter and handed me a different one.
That's it.
No hassle.
I mean that is what I wanted, but how often as consumers do we actually get it?
I love this store.
If you are interested in the hydroponics world, this is the best place to go.
Thank you Advanced Gardens!

John helped me and my wife out were having twins and want to try hydro gardening here in the desert, SNWD sprinkler limitations makes it hard to do a traditional one, so we recycle our water each week in a soilless mix and it's working, until we found out the hard way you need to nutrient the water in a system like ours hum?
Guess that was a f-up on my part but thanks to a visit here John helped us out and we didn't loose any plants but probably stunted their growth a little.
But at least we are growing our own food in the desert heat cool

