Best service in town.
Very thorough.
Always on time.
Jay is a very hard worker.
Has a great personality.
I have never meet a harder worker in my life and he is always willing to give you a fair price.
He uses spot free water and a foaming machine that gets your car very clean.

HOLY CRAP!
Ok I'm a mother of two and my kids destroyed my car it had apple juice,root beer, ice cream, coffiee, pot roast, PEE!
And to top it off my daughter turned into the exorcist and vomited all over the back and the front!
So I cryed a few days than I found jay's.
So he got all the stains out he did the tiers and some how all my sun warp black trim on the outside looks new!!!!!
Nicest guy I have met words can't explain how happy I am and his prices are amazing oh did I mention he came to me?
Yep yep!
thank you soooooo much!!!!!

Just had my E-350 van cleaned by Jay.
I could cry I'm so happy.
With five kids and what they had done to it I didn't think it was possible for the carpets to get that clean.
It's like I have a new vehicle.
Good price and excellent service.
Will definitely be calling again.

After vacating renters from our home and discovering the nightmare of a mess they left in our home, we called Jay to come and clean some mattresses in our home after our tenants moved out.
We thought they were ruined until Jay came and left them spotless!
They were like brand new again!
We learned about all the services he provided and were so pleased with his work we knew we would call him again if we needed anything.
To date he has helped us with various things including grout cleaning for our 5,000 square foot home (that grout was so heavily soiled it was almost black...needless to say it is now white again), upholstery cleaning, carpet cleaning of an almost unsalvageable custom rug.
His jobs are complete from beginning to end.
This luxury property is now back to tip top shape and ready for rent thanks to all his hard work!
He has also washed and detailed our high end vehicles--Maserati--car show presentable and Lexus' as well as our water crafts.
Is there anything this guy can't do?!
He is reasonably and competitively priced, incredibly hard working, OCD meticulous, friendly, personable, reliable and trustworthy (we live in California and have been able to call him to care for things even when we have had to be away from our LV property), generous with his time and knowledge, and one of the best things about him is that he is available day or night!
He has been invaluable to us.
We would highly recommend him for literally *anything* you need done!

