I expected to find great pizza when we visited New York, but Arizona?
Ironically, we had better pizza in Arizona than in New York, thanks in large part to Taste of Italy Numero Dos.
Our friends live two blocks away and are enthusiastic about this place.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/r64n5_4dwTJ-qHZJgJGz1w?userid=fDny65qdxn3EJH0PZbCxIw  We got takeout:  * Half Caprese Pizza (Fresh Homemade Mozarella, Tomato Sauce, Fresh Garlic, Fresh Basil, Pecorino Romano & Freshly Sliced Tomatoes) - I didin't see tomatoes, but I didn't hold it against them.
I think we may have gotten the Margherita instead.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/r64n5_4dwTJ-qHZJgJGz1w?select=k6KdshrFJ1aX3_c36fHtpw * Half Cheese Pizza * Meat Lovers (Pepperoni, Meatball, Sausage, Ham, Bacon, Extra Cheese) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/r64n5_4dwTJ-qHZJgJGz1w?select=ZS6DxijAx51SqPI-4ZY7qg * Salad http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/r64n5_4dwTJ-qHZJgJGz1w?select=-zSvKvsXY6-Ih7KYhuGDNw  The fresh homemade mozzarella on the caprese (or margherita) was fantastic.
That, the tangy sauce, and the fresh basil elevated the pizza to the elusive 5 star status.
The crust was a little chewier than I prefer, but this is truly one of the best pizzas I've had (and yes, I've been to Italy).
The cheese pizza was delicious and well-balanced, adult and kid-friendly.
Mr. L and our friends enjoyed the meat lovers special.
The meat toppings were very generous.
Our salad was fresh and tasty.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/r64n5_4dwTJ-qHZJgJGz1w?select=JLSU9y1uIHG-2QHJp-SbOQ  This is a family-run business and our friends say the chefs are from Italy.
I didn't confirm if they are from Italy, but the pizza sure tastes the way I think it should.
On our next visit to Goodyear, I will be happy to return.

It's a rare restaurant that can actually make the food they serve look exactly like the glossy pictures on their menus.
And to top it off, it's the best Italian food I've eaten in years!
Does not disappoint.

I love the strombolis here they are delicious.
The pasta is also very good.
The pizza is ok, sort of average for my liking but i've only tried the meat lovers.
This is a family owned local business and that says a lot since there aren't many local places on the west valley.
Try it out!

Good Italian food just a couple of blocks from my house.
They have comfortable ambiance a little nicer than the other original restaurant.
Other comments about the food are on point.
However, I have gotten soggy pizza and watery salad in take out orders.
Hopefully this is just growing pains.
Consistent quality is the result of good leadership in the kitchen.
I will continue to visit, but for now, my first choice is the original location that is a couple of miles away.

Just moved here from Chicago and was nervous I would never find good Italian food or pizza like we had back home.
I was blown away by Grandma's Sicilian pizza - you must get it!
Their pasta with red clam sauce is to die for!
I'm so happy this place is just minutes from my house.
What a gem!

Pizza is really average might as well get papa johns across the street for the price

I've had the Sicilian Pizza, panzarotti, and an antipasto salad.
I too, being from Chicago, was looking for a good pizza place in the area.
I chose the Sicilian becasue it was the closest thing to a Giordano's stuffed pizza, (which I was craving), and I'm not really a fan of thin-crust pizza.
Pizza was pretty good, but I didn't like it as much the 2nd time I had it.
(Maybe I was "jonesing" too badly for that stuffed pizza the first time?
)  I should give the thin crust a try though- it is their specialty and lots of people were ordering it- even the Goodyear police officer in line.
The panzarotti was really good- (4 stars).
It was baked and stuffed with cheesy and saucy goodness!
Antipasto not good.
They cut paper thin pieces of lunch meat/ cheese on top of head lettuce.
More like a cheap salad.
Don't waste your money on this one.
Also- no giardiniera?
What's up with that?
They never even heard of it?
Is that just a Chicago delicacy?
I would definitely check these guys out if you live in south Goodyear.
They also have pitchers of beer/pizza specials and a couple of tv's with some sort of sporting event on.
I'm just not sure if they're really Italian, (never heard of giardiniera?
) but hey- as long as they cook like it.

You really can't go wrong with the food here.
We've tried almost everything on the menu.
Our regular picks usually end up being pizza and wings, but when we have guests over, we mix things up with a variety of salads and pastas.
Staff is friendly enough given how busy it can get at times.

Super yummy!
Always happy with the service and the food.
:) Favorite: Spaghetti & Meatballs.
Simple - Yummy.

Great service, great pizza.
Nice place to have in the neighborhood.
We arrived late one night for pizza and wine.
The guy at the counter happily served us and insisted we dine in anyway.

I love having this place up in Estrella.
I am not a fan of PJ across the street and don't want to go far for a pizza.
This place has great pizza and more.
I like the fett.
Alfredo and it was good but needed a little more alfredo IMO.
I do wish this place was more of a sit down for service kinda place rather than go up to a counter to order place but I am thrilled to have this as a place to eat up here in Estrella!

This place has always been consistently good.
Never been disappointed with the food.
Menu is not real big but what they serve is top notch

Good pizza, salads and wings.
It is nice having it close by when we don't feel like cooking.

