For a small new studio, this place is tops.
I love the location because it offers a choice to the pricey Yoga Pura close to my house.
There's enough parking and it's really easy to find.
The classes are small but the experience is extraordinary.
The teachers listen to your needs and injuries and address them.
They even take the time to learn your name!
I really loved this place and plan on making it my regular studio.

Thanks to Humble Monkey, I am now a yoga addict.
I was having issues over the summer with depression and self esteem.
I also was having back problems and issues with asthma.
I needed something to help and someone suggested yoga.
I had been to a small handful of yoga classes before, a couple at Yoga Pura and some at LA Fitness.
I didn't have a good experience with either place.
Humble Monkey had a great trial program to see if the studio is right for you.
Free first class and only 20 for 2 weeks unlimited.
I was definitely hooked after the trial.
The studio is beautiful and intimate.
Meghan, my instructor, is patient, helpful, playful, and insightful.
Her classic class is perfect for all levels and she makes sure everyone gets an experience customized to their ability.
I am now stronger, more flexible, more peaceful, and have better posture and self esteem then I did before I started yoga classes at Humble Monkey.
And I am so grateful...

Humble monkey is an amazing place for yoga.
The teachers get to know your name and your injuries.
This is one of the first studios that took the time to correct postures that I've been doing wrong for years!
Monday night Flow is one of my favorites.
Also, I like that the teachers take time to tell personal stories and set an intention before the class.
It's a great small studio that takes yoga seriously!

Humble Monkey is a fantastic yoga studio and by far the best value for yoga in Phoenix.
It is a "down to earth" studio with a comfortable, friendly atmosphere.
Meghan, the owner, is an extraordinary yoga teacher and extraordinary person.
She has the rare gift of being able to say a lot without saying much.
All of the teachers are extremely competent and thoughtful.
The studio is simple and elegant -- just a small entry way and a simple room with hardwood floors, because that is all you need.

I wish so much that this were closer to my home.
I would go here several times a week if that were the case, but my current life schedule won't allow it at this distance.
That being said, this is the studio that I have been looking for since I moved here.
These people are in it for the yoga, and are the real deal.
I attended a community donation yoga class with Rachel and yearn to go back.
She is an excellent teacher who is clearly in touch with a source outside of her own ego.
Big gratitude for this place.
If I can get childcare worked out and some other ducks in a row, I will be here more often.

I came to the free Sunday morning community class with Meghan and had a good time.
There were 15 people in class, which fit comfortably in the room, although 20 or 25 might have been really tight.
The space is clean and well decorated with lots of props and free water and tea.
It seemed a little weird that the bathroom was right off the back of the yoga room, but it was convenient for the students who needed a restroom break during class.
Meghan was very welcoming, clear in her instructions, and encouraging of us to be present in the moment, which I loved.
It was a gentle, somewhat slow paced class that didn't get me sweaty.
They have several other free classes during the week, although the prices are some of the most affordable I've seen in the area already.
They also collect canned food for a local food pantry and give a discount off class fee when you contribute a food item.
It's a really nice little space and community where anyone could feel comfortable to begin or grow a yoga practice.

The studio is just one large room (only one class going on at a time so it's not hectic with multiple classes like other studios).
first class is free which seem to be the norm in the valley.
The studio is very clean.
I took a class with Meghan and she is really nice.
They offer kirtan with some famous kirtan band (or so I was told.
I'm not a kirtan expert).
They also offer hatha gong which is difficult to find in the valley.
They take food donations for a local food bank and if you bring in food they'll knock a few dollars off a class price.
Helping people and saving money at the same time.
Not bad :)

