Adam (aka The Fight Dentist) has a great business.
Mouthguards are an essential part of any sport, but a custom mouthguard is the best way to go!
But Adam took a rather mundane piece of protective gear, and made it stylish with the custom graphics!
They also found a great niche with the MMA (UFC and The Ultimate Fighter).
While a review of a stylish mouthguard sounds strange, Adam is also a very serious professional that takes his fighters safety seriously.
He understands dentistry, making sure of the fit, etc.
I like that they are expanding to other sports.
Watch out world - FD is coming!

Dr. Adam and his lovely partner work on the upper echelon of fighters and make those little chicklets that get knocked out regularly in fights look presentable for their sponsors and the general public again.
I hear they make super bad ass custom mouth guards for fighters and sports athletes alike to protect their hard-work.
I personally have gone in just for a regular check up after MY OTHER dentist botched my wisdom teeth removal and left me with dry socket.
These guys are top tier in their work, they have awesome merch, and I can watch the best of the UFC sometimes (respectively with copyright and all that) when I get my teeth worked on.
For once...
I look forward to going to the dentist.
I drive from L.A. to go here and LOVE IT!
They have great merchandise and Dr. Adam is pretty straight forward.
Finding a good dentist is about as difficult as finding a good mechanic, and I've definitely found mine!
Keep up the good work guys!
And I'll be coming back for those custom fangs in platinum ; )  As far as pricing goes: Depends on your insurance of course, lol...
Dental work ain't cheap unless you go to Tijuana or some 3rd world country for some questionable work, but they'll work with you and find something that works for you.
-Mike with TapouT Watches

Anyone reading this could not even imagine what Dr. Persky just went through to fix just one area of my mouth!
Not only did he take away the pain I was having, but I CAN BREATHE TOO!!!
As a patient I can say Dr. Persky is one of the top in this town known as the Fight Capital of the World.
As a business man, I can say this man knows his industry and craft.
As a friend, I can say, "Thank you, Adam, for taking care of my health".
The local is wearing off, and I have the regular "just been to the dentist pain", but I know on the other side I will be able to go through the day without constant pain.
See you next Tuesday for the follow-up!
Even if you don't need a dentist, get in there and shake Dr. Persky's hand.
Just wait until he's got a moment out of someone's mouth!
LOL!!
WAR FIGHTDENTIST!

I have now had two bad experiences with the fight dentist.
In July of this year I ordered a custom mouth guard.
I was told by Dr. Adam (the owner) that I would have my guard in 2-3 weeks.
I didn't receive my mouth guard until September.
When it did finally arrive, it was WRONG!!!
During the wait time there was NO communication from Adam.
My wife and I left several messages and sent a number of emails trying to find out the status of my mouth guard.
Adam only responded once I posted a negative yelp review.
September 17th, he offered to remake an additional mouth guard free of charge to correct the error in the first guard.
Rather than demanding my money back, I agreed.
A full month went by with no updates from Adam on where the mouth guard was.
On October 17th, after a number of emails, Adam responded that he had a number of mouth guards in his possession waiting to go out and believed mine was with those.
The mouth guard was never received.
November 21st, we sent ANOTHER email asking for a status update and highlighting the ongoing issue of NO communication.
To this he responded that my guard hadn't even been made yet but he would be sure to get it perfect this time around.
It is now December 21st and despite our emailing, leaving a number of messages, and reaching out on Facebook, we have still heard NOTHING from Adam or anyone in his office regarding my mouth guard.
Since the only way he seems to respond is by negative yelp reviews.
I now post this one (I agreed to take down the first one since he said he would make a new guard for me).
While he makes a good product (if it comes made correctly) I would not recommend this fight dentist to anyone based on the poor customer service.
There are a number of dentists that make a similar product with a fraction of the hassle.

We always have the best experience when we go to Fightdentist whether it's for a routine cleaning or for a more complex procedure!
Dr Persky has been in the business for years and there's nowhere else I'd rather go for dental work!

