I've just checked out the pictures of this place which make it look halfway cool.
It's not.
Yesterday, The Man asked me what I wanted to do for the day (because two of the three houses we were supposed to view are now under offer, sadface).
I responded "get drunk.
"  He laughed and asked me again, and got the same answer.
This house hunting business is stressful, you know.
So, about late afternoon time we took a walk down the canal to Leith.
We wandered around a bit because The Man wanted to go somewhere new, and we ended up on Constitution St which has a few places which looked good.
We started in The Constitution Bar and the minute we walked in we knew it wasn't for us.
The Man described it as "soulless" and I thought it looked like an upmarket canteen.
The dining area actually had nice dark wood tables and chairs which, if they were in the main room, would make the place look a bit more interesting than the sterile blonde wood does.
They were playing football through some dodgy (probably illegal) foreign channel which had drawn a few people in, but the minute the football was over, the majority of people left for more interesting pastures.
There is nothing actually wrong with this place, the staff weren't rude and the beer wasn't off, it just wasn't an enjoyable place for a pint and I would definitely not go back.

Kind of a strange big pub, very clean and Tidy and nothing really that I could say was wrong with it.
Food was good and beer was fine.
It all just lacked a bit of depth, bit like a window display.
The place is sectioned into a room through the back with a few tables, a main pub room and a dining room.
We chose to eat in the pub area which was showing a footie game on a huge screen.
Reasonable bill at the end of it all.
I'd probably pop in again if I was in the area and wanted a safe bet.
In saying that there were a couple of other places nearby that looked worth a visit.

Giving this a three just now as on consideration I'd not rush back in the near future.
The food and drinks brook no complaints as the steaks we had were both of a good size and well cooked as were the roast veg & chips, whilst the wine was well priced and the french martinis tasted as expected.
The service though, as noted by other reviewers, is where the place lets itself down.
On arriving we didn't even have to give our name as the waitress merely asked if we'd booked via Groupon and then seated us.
Both she and the waiter were polite though and the time between ordering and having the food in front of us was by no means excessive but the fact that they have 2 or 3 different deals with discount sites on the go seemed to be causing a bit of confusion (we were offered dessert as inclusive despite it not being part of the deal we'd bought) and by the time it came to get coffee (which was in the deal) we'd seemingly become invisible and so just left cash on the table to cover the wine & side orders.
The deals are obviously increasing the custom here but possibly to no great effect if folk are put off from returning.

There's nothing particularly wrong with The Constitution - it's just a bit mediocre.
Whoever designed the decor obviously went for "modern and stylish", but fell quite short of the mark and ended up firmly in "hotel bar" territory.
It's not offensive, just a bit dull and soulless.
The food is adequate but not amazing (they do a decent burger), as is the drink selection (although they do have prosecco on tap which is more odd than bad).
The staff are friendly enough, but try as they might they don't manage to lift the pub out of the doldrums.
Visit on a weekend evening and there's a haircut in a t-shirt at the end of the bar pumping out the same repetitive beat on a loop for hours from his macbook.
Unsurprisingly, this does the precise opposite of livening the place up.
It's not a bad pub - just not a particularly good or interesting pub.
If it were a band it would be Coldplay, and if you asked me to review it with a gesture it would be a shrug.

Been here a few times for lunch and have enjoyed this place!
Service is really good also!
Had the chicken club burger was nice, cant go wrong with that though really can you?
Also tried the mussels, great portion size only complaint no bread on the side!
Also been in at the weekend for a drink, my negative point of view would be they allow children in and there was about 4 or 5 yound kids running about screaming - not really what you expect on a saturday night in the pub!
Drinks reasonably priced!
Prosecco on tap, seen as prosecco seems to suddenly be all the rage!
Overall though, really like this place!

BURGER WATCH!
Had the Edinburger: Beef burger stuffed with Whisy Sauce, topped with two Haggis Fritters and served with an Irn Bru Ice Cream Float.
Wasn't interested in the float so swapped for a Diet Coke, but the burger was rather impressive.
Fresh homemade patty, exploding with whisky sauce, stacked very high with its haggis fritter double whammy.
Very messy stuff but very enjoyable.
Only cons were that the patty, although amazingly thick, juicy and tasty, was a little small for the bun, which in turn was dowsed so much in burger juice and whisky sauce that it began to break apart in my hands.
A wider patty would have been more accessible to being cut in half, facilitating a less messy feed.
Good burgers to be had here.
Good range of beverages and really polite and sociable staff.
Very accommodating and reasonable.
This is also the official Edinburgh Arsenal Supporters Club match day venue so they get an extra point for that - because they always have the game on and are fantastic hosts (lost the reception for a matter of seconds but apologised by way of a few bowls of chips - very toughtful).

