I've bought 2 sets of golf clubs from Custom Golf and I had 2 complete opposite reviews.
The 1st time I placed an order was about 3 years ago.
They, James was very helpful.
They called me to discuss the measurements and loft and so on that I submitted.
We went over things and confirmed everything.
The order shipped out timely and I was and still am very happy with my purchase.
My 2nd order was for my son and felt very confident this would be handled in the same way as my previous order.
WRONG!!!!!!
I specifically asked and noted on my order to give me a call to discuss the particulars before shipping.
This did not happen.
I called, sent emails, called some more and left messages to please give me a call but NOTHING!.
The order did not ship as stated but about a month later and I never received a call.
My son received his clubs at college and the #4 Iron is missing.
I called my credit card company and had the charges reversed.
A week or so later I noticed the charges were back on.
During this time I have yet to receive a call from James or anyone else at Custom Golf center.
James mail box is always full and nobody has contacted me via email or otherwise.
Even with leaving multiple phone numbers to contact me on his pager has resulted in nothing!!
The clubs?
Yea they seem good but really!?!?!?
No service, no contact period!
This will be the last order I place with them nor will I suggest to any of my friends to go through them either as I have in the past.

Can't believe that someone that is so unresponsive can still claim to have a business!
Cannot seem to get my husband's driver back that was broken.
We don't even care if it's still broke.
Just give it back as it was custom fit for him.
Have left tons of messages and even notes at his shop.
Very disappointing!

I've bought 2 sets of clubs from James at Custom Golf Center in Tempe, AZ  and one for my wife.
With the second purchase we had several issues with customer service (James didn't return calls or emails) but after a long ordeal we loved the clubs.
These clubs were stolen out of the trunk of our car  and have tried to reorder the same clubs from Custom Golf Center but after over 3 weeks of calls and emails......
NOTHING.
So James and Custom Golf Center is either out of business, dead, hiding, in jail...... who knows but certainly avoids someone wanting to spend money.
Avoid this company.
Jim N  heyyobuddy@cox.net  Scottsdale, AZ

