A great new addition to the DeMarco family of ventures.
This was a pre-opening tasting, so they're still working on all of the fine points.
Nonetheless, it is a terrific spot.
The structure itself is very appealing, as they restored a 1940's-era building and exposed its beautiful brickwork, which is complimented with a stained concrete floor.
The bar is a proper one with a wide array of liquors and fairly ample seating for the size of the space.
The patio definitely will be the preferred seating choice so long as the weather cooperates.
We tried macaroni and cheese as well as the cole slaw starters; for $3 each, you could make a delicious, reasonably-priced meal from a collection of the starters.
The double dip starter (cobb dip and posole salsa with chips) was very good, though I almost preferred the dip and salsa without the chips because they're so flavorful.
The mixed grain salad was a good choice, too, though I might try to find something other than the orange vinagrette to put on it.
The wine on tap was tasty, and they'll also have a small list of about 8 bottles.
Again, the official opening isn't until the 25th, so they're still honing the fine edges.
In any event, we'll be there far too often for our own good!

I went for lunch today with my parents and my 22 month old daughter.
The staff was gracious and the food was delicious.
We had the kale chips as a starter and for meals we had the chopped salad, the quinoa salad, and the kebob appetizer, plus my daughter had the kid's cheeseburger meal with fruit of the day (sliced apples) with the option of milk or soda, though she only drank water.
The food was really delicious and at a very good value given the quality and portions.
The kid's meal ($3) was very generous portions with healthy sides like fruit or veggie of the day (today was roasted asparagus with parm).
I loved the ambiance and will definitely be returning on a regular basis.
My only complaint (and it is minor compared to all the good things about this place) was that the staff made us feel a bit rushed at the end of our dishes.
The service was great with drink refills, greetings, and general hospitality.
A server even followed us to the valet stand to return a my daughter's forgotten sippy cup.
So overall, it really was great service.
But three times servers attempted to clear plates before we were finished with them (and they weren't empty).
We were only there for 45 minutes, and my daughter was on her best behavior.
Why the rush to get us out?
There were other tables available.

What a great new restaurant.
Cozy booths inside and nice patio seating outside.
Gourmet menu items at great prices.
Multiple salads with different ingredients (kale, corn, etc), fresh bean side dish, so many choices to try.
Staff was extremely friendly and we were even pampered with valet parking  We will be regulars.

They did a great job remodeling that old building.
The restaurant is built around a rectangular bar with comfy looking booths along the outer wall, and some tables up front.
Behind the building is kind of like an open corridor space - across from which is a patio structure.
They have a well-stocked full bar with 7 or 8 wines on "tap" and a whole bunch of craft beers.
The menu is comprised of a few appetizers, salads and sandwiches, everything priced below $12 or so.
Unfortunately for me I try to avoid carbs which means ordering a salad for dinner, not something I do often.
I settled for the halibut sandwich - and took off the bun.
The fish, fancy mayo and veggies were a perfect blend, fish was cooked perfectly...  BOTTOM LINE: I'll probably make a habit of drinking here and dining elsewhere

Don't worry Windsor, we'll get to you.
First though, I need to talk about your assets.
The brown tartan patio chairs.
They're perfect.
Brown's not used enough in decoration and I think it's usually way better than black any day.
Now.
Let me just say you are a fantastic host.
The fact that the rectangular bar and the patio are the two main focal points really makes my day.
Too many establishments focus on the indoors.
The decor is exquisite, and nearly as good as what I'd do :)  I insisted on being seated on the patio and do not regret this decision for one minute.
I hadn't quite decided what I was going to eat as a main course or drink that evening... but I knew I was devouring the shit out of that cheddar fondue.
And I was right.
There was a lot though, and I'm glad I had a friend to help devour it.
I think we both agreed it was the best pretzel bread we've had.
The pork and the sausage were great additions and I'm a sucker for apples and cheese.
Another point for you sir.
The server kindly agreed to allow the flavor of the ginger in the no.
89 to rise above the pear and I appreciate him for that.
It came out in a cute glass and lasted me through my courses.
Not too strong, not too weak.
I was saving room for Churn (how can you not), so I settled on the Waldorf chicken salad for dinner.
However, the layout of your menu confused me.
In the same space below it, it listed different additions such as salmon, shrimp and chicken so I thought I needed to clarify I wanted chicken.
Then I confused the server.
Apparently, those options are for the other salad items.
But the layout of the menu layout implies the opposite.
You may want to reconsider the organization of the salad section.
One of the best Waldorf salad's I've had though.
Great presentation.
My date for the evening had the Windsor burger with mac & cheese, of which I sampled the mac & cheese and one of the wine smothered onions.
That will be my next attempt.
Everything's pretty reasonably priced and there's a great selection of beer and wine available as well as well thought out cocktails.
I had a few different people at the table that night, refilling waters, taking plates.. and it took a little while to get a bill.
I wasn't sure if I could ask anyone.. did I need to wait for my server who became a little more scarce?
I don't know.
Overall though... amazing.
You are very rapidily climbing the charts.

Great vibe.
After you valet the car (you have to- it's the only option) you walk into an outdoor area very similar to postino Arcadia.
Head inside and be greeted by a lovely hostess.
We sat at the bar with a carafe of wine.
All wine is served in a carafe, ala on tap style.
I like this.
The bar is in the center of the restaurant in a super chic way that you can observe what is going on around you and kinda hideout or be seen- the choice is yours.
We were seated in what I think was the best seats in the house.
It was in a corner booth that was right at the corner of the restaurant.
Once we all slid into our booth seats, we all agreed it was like hunkering down in a basement somewhere on a leather couch.
We were introduced to Dan, the super slim, urban hipster server with a nice face and a witty personality.
When asked if my burger would be better with fries or mac n cheese, he asked me how often I eat burgers with mac n cheese?
uhh, so yeah, I ordered the mac n cheese--- GREAT choice!
We started with the Smorgash board that had pita, cheese, the most kale chips and largest kale chips I have ever seen, hummus, some veggies and smoked salmon-- it was interesting enough, but I probably won't be ordering that again.
But since they just opened, I am happy to try anything on the menu!
Entrees included the waldorf salad that was only so-so, it was called "a bit too much" by a friend, the Barley salad was a huge hit as was the corn chowder.
My burger was good, I recommend going easier on the caramelized onions.
I felt like it started to taste more like a dessert before I even got half way through it.
After we ate, relaxed and Dan check on us the perfect amount of time, we walked through and headed next door to Churn for dessert.
We passed the bar, said hello to a few friends we ran into, observed the outdoor seating one more time, and then walked though a hallway decorated in old cassette tapes, that was awesome!
At the end of the hallway was a bathroom marked "ladies and gents"- I absolutely despise shared bathrooms.
So that grossed me out thoroughly.
But as we made the turn, I saw the candies and ice cream that awaited me just around the corner....

yep, i know the owners so shoot me, T.O.S.
i can rhyme, unbiased this place, one of the best taverns in the valley hell, let's just say the state Windsor winner, chicken dinner it's burger flippin', great for beer, for a pork belly for wine out of a keg for music and for ambiance don't cost an arm or leg but brace yourselves, the parking and brace yourselves, the hoards of cenFolk, urban hipsters downtowners, all on board with dimarcos' concept whatev, still down with it Windsor won't loose, just sayin' think this joint is the shit

Good food, reasonably priced, great vibe--what more can one say --other than so glad you are in the neighborhood!
lots of folks biking or walking over for dinner--outside patio is terrific--we got there at six--lots of families--by the time we left at 7:30 transitioning to more adults.
I hope to be a regular.

Across the street from Postino, next-door to Churn - downtown's answer to ice cream after many years without (been talking about this forever!).
Saturday's happy hour included $5 draft pitchers of craft beers, including seasonals from across the country - this pleased me.
Happy hour had no food specials, but no real complaints there, honestly.
Loaded chips are seriously loaded with taste.
Chicken sandwich looked delicious, and I was happy to see a fresh made bun/roll that WASN'T egg washed - sheesh.
Tons of seating, in or out, or at the bar.
Hip music the entire visit, as with servers / staff.
Valet in the back, as with bike parking/racks.
This place says, "Phoenix *is* a food city.
Recognize us!

Popped in for a lunch visit the 2nd day they were open.
Very cool patio & outdoor area, diverse menu, cool vibe.
I tried the grain salad, which was loaded with tons of tasty grains & veggies and drizzled with a citrus vinaigrette dressing.
It was a ton of food and totally filled me up.
We wanted to try one of the other dishes with pita bread, but our waitress informed us that they don't have any vegan bread whatsoever.
Please start offering some vegan bread, Windsor (and more vegan options)!

I had a fantastic meal at Windsor and cannot wait to go back!!
The problem is, they do not have very many vegetarian entrée options.
I think their only entrée is what I ordered - a veggie filled pita.
It was amazingly delicious, but I wish I had more options than that....or a salad.
I appreciate that this restaurant uses lots of kale and quinoa in many of their dishes - they are two of my favorite foods and are highly underused!!
The No.
89 is one of the smoothest cocktails I have ever had and would visit this place just for cocktails.
They also have wine on tap - which is supposed to be more environmentally friendly.
The music was too loud inside and the waiter could have been more attentive - but it was their opening week so I will let that slide.

Walked by this place on Saturday evening and thought, hmmmmm there looks to be a new place open!
So, Sunday my gal pal and I walked down for a few beverages and dinner on the patio.
Minus a few screaming babies, the atmosphere was good and the place was hoppin'.
My only complaint is that I wish the bar was built onto the patio as well.
We had a hard time deciding what to eat because many things on the menu looked interesting (in a good way)...we ended up opting for an appetizer and splitting an entree.
The fondue platter and the halibut sandwich were pretty good.
We approved of the wine on tap as well.
The service was outstanding and the 'water boy' as we were calling him was very informative :) He told us all about the place and the menu (hopefully he will be there if you go)!
Also if you like alt rock, you won't be disappointed with the music and it is quite loud, which I didn't mind...it helped drown out the screaming baby next to us.
Another bonus is the neat ice cream shop next door for dessert afterward!
I will be back again for sure.

Oh Windsor, how I wanted to love you!
With Postino being one of my favorite restaurants ever, I had high hopes for Windsor.
It feels, well, like Postino.
But not as good.
The patio is comfortable.
It was a PERFECT evening so that made it super nice, and the chairs are cute, but it's kind of plain.
Again, like Postino, but without that extra something special.
Although the perimeter fence is cool, with the different widths of wood.
For starters we got the fondue, which was good.
Just good.
The cheese - although piping hot - was kind of gritty (which happens with pure cheddar).
Maybe mix something creamier in there?
I got the chicken sandwich with a side of mac n cheese.
The mac was yummy.
The chicken sandwich was bland.
And I love me a chicken sandwich.
Even of the plain ole' breast-bun-lettuce-tomato-mayo variety.
Boyfriend and boyfriend's mom got the halibut sammich, which we had heard was bomb.
Again, good.
Not great.
Disappointing for a Postino affiliate.
Kale salad was fine.
Coleslaw was fine.
Nothing knocked our socks off.
Our service was initially really slow.
We didn't get noticed for a while, and then our drinks took ages.
Everything after that was right on key, and our waitress was well informed and friendly.
My favorite part of the meal was my cocktail - the No.
89.
It was the perfect blend of strong and refreshing.
I would definitely be back for beverages!
I'd really like to try the wines on tap as well.
All in all, it kind of seems like they built Windsor for all the Postino overflow.
"Hey, your wait is going to be an hour, but if you go right across the street there is a Postino Jr. consolation prize.
"  I'll definitely give it another go after they've had some time to get settled, but until then, I'll be back for drinks, and eat elsewhere.

I've been to Windsor twice in the week or so that they've been open.
Once for food and once just for drinks.
The No.
89 has been getting a lot of mentions but I must say, the No.
1 is first in my book..  a watermelon vodka concoction that is as refreshing and summery as it gets.
I had the fattoush salad, which had pita mixed in with the salad.
It was tasty and filling, as well as inexpensive.
I will definitely be spending quite a few summer evenings on the patio at Windsor!
Welcome to the neighborhood.

My girlfriend took me to windsor for my birthday last night, I was very impressed.
The look of the restaurant was very clean and modern, the service was incredible.
The food was delicious, I got a pulled pork sandwich.
The cocktails were also very tasty.
I don't usually give a place 5/5 stars, but this place is definitely up there and worth going to over and over.

Wanted to love it...and I did!
First and foremost, love the decor, love the vibe.
Mid century vintage lighting, paired with an entire wall treatment made out of old cassette tapes...whats not to love?
Killer music.
We started with two ice cold no.89's and they hit the spot, very smooth, mild pear taste, perfect cocktail for a summer night.
We also chose to sit inside.
Our first item was the double dip, very good!
I hate eggs, but I liked the Cobb dip anyway, it was that good.
The posole salsa was delicious and my fave of the two, paired with the kettle chips it hit the spot.
For our entrees we selected the mixed grain salad (excellent vegetarian option) and it was light, but substantial enough to be a meal.
The orange basil dressing is fabulous without being too sweet.
I also order a side of the house smoked salmon which was incredible, best I've had, my only complaint would be the portion size, very small, but maybe my opinion is skewed because I enjoyed it so much I wanted more... We also ordered the Porkwich which was very generously portioned!
Holy smokes it was large, wasn't sure how it could be maneuvered to get a bite, but we managed and thoroughly enjoyed it!
Here's a tip: once you have picked up the Porkwich, don't put it down!
You wont be able to arrange it properly again :) Also opted for a side of mac & cheese, it was good, and a nice departure from typical "side" offerings.
Great staff from host to server!
The only element missing from this picture are fabulous deserts...coming soon I hope?
All and all great new spot, next time, and there will be a next time soon, we're sitting on the patio it looks fab :)

My taste buds got a sneak peak of Windosr back in March.
I was a cocktail judge for the Arizona BBQ Festival and the friendly folks from Postino's introduced Windsor as a contestant in the whiskey competition.
As I sipped a refreshing cocktail with only a subtle hint of whiskey, I made a mental note that as soon as Windsor opened their doors, I'd hop, skip and jump there as soon as possible.
So with that, today was the day I made it through the whimsical doors of Windsor.
I met fellow yelper, Christina P for a patio lunch at this new Central Phoenix restaurant.
Similar to its neighborhood brother, Postino's, Windsor's architecture has the same modern and minimalistic feel to it from the exterior, but once you walk through the doors, you enter an entirely different world.
Parking is extremely limited at Windsor, but I decided to risk it and found one last spot on the side of the residential street.
However, I don't think this residential parking will last long, so I suggest saving yourself a possible ticket and valeting it instead.
Atmosphere:   Like I mentioned above, Windosr is completely unassuming from the outside.
I had no idea that it was so open and airy throughout the interior of the restaurant and they also have two patios in the back.
One patio is smaller and more intimate, and the other is a little larger and seats more.
Both are quirky and fun as well as airy but protected from the sun by an overhang.
I felt like I was lunching on the back patio of a stylish friend's house.
The tables are close together, but I never felt like I was in another table's conversation or they were in mine.
This is a great restaurant for patio dining and I could see it not being too hot in the summer should I crave an outdoor lunch.
The staff was also friendly and attentive and consistently refilled my diet coke, which is always a plus in my book.
Decor:  I love the decor of the Windsor.
Think retro chic.
Everything is very clean and minimalistic but once you look closer, you see how retro and fun everything is.
Take the cassette tape wall for example.
Yes, it's an actual cassette tape wall and all of the cassettes are authentic and awesome.
They have everything from Genesis and AC/DC to MC Hammer and homemade workout mix tapes.
It's almost like a memory wall for those who are products on the 80s or earlier!
The bathrooms are funky, the walls have funky writing on them and the whole decor resembles a classed up garage that's been converted into a bar/restaurant.
Food:  Now moving on to the food.
The menu is just as retro as the decor in the sense that they have classic items with a twist.
They have everything from hot dogs and a crab cake BLT to pastrami Reuben and of course plenty of salads and starters.
I am excited to go back and continue to try items off the menu, but today I decided to go for the Brown Bag Chicken Sandwich which has pulled chicken with oven dried tomatoes, toasted hazelnuts and herbs topped with avocado, watercress & green goddess goat cheese.
Yes, it was as good as it sounds, but note that this is a cold chicken sandwich and not warm.
It was a tasty sandwich but I think it would have been better heated.
We also tried the Kale leaves as an appetizer.
If you are a fan of Kale, you'll probably enjoy them.
They also come with a chive mayo sauce that tastes a lot like the sauce you get with artichokes.
Between the food, atmosphere and decor, I really like Windsor and plan on adding this to my Central Phoenix rotation.
Between Postino and Windsor, I am one happy camper!

I am really, really loving this new restaurant and must admit I am kinda addicted.
That being said, this review is probably a little altered.
Honestly, I am not sure what I love the most.
I have been there three times now, from a weekday to a Happy Hour and I haven't had any issue with parking.
The wait for a seat was minimal, and the patio was inviting as the bar was fun, and the tables are sooo cozy.
The cocktails are GREAT.
I am addicted to the one with Ginger, but I can't remember the name of it.
I love the wine being on tap, it's eco-delicious.
I enjoy the company of everyone at the restaurant and I seem to see people I know there most often.
The bartenders are a delight, they introduce themselves and talk a lot about the menu and choices, etc.
Even the owner/manager person (whoever she was) came by and asked what we thought of the meals, drinks, atmosphere, etc.
I also love the wall of tapes, and watching families bike in and get ice cream and sit in the floral decor of the comfortable patio with cute kids...very inviting.
I could see bringing a date here (alas I am married now, so my date is my hubby), but I would also bring my parents and my son here.
I loved the Halibut, the Kale Salad, the snacks, the Sausage Sandwich and I can't wait to go again and try more.
With the closing of Bomberos/Verde/My Florist, the burning of Richardsons,  the crowds at Postino, the valet only at the Vig, the lack of fresh salads at the Garage, cold (warm) food at Local Breeze and the disappointing service at Arrogant Butcher - this place moved quickly up to a top choice for dinner and drinks.
Move over Hula's, SENS, Hanny's, TMI, Rokerij and CIBO!
:-)

I CAN ONLY SAY ONE THING...
YUM!!!
Crab cake sandwich makes you feel like you are at the beach.
and the Number 1... Just go in and ask for a Number 1

This restaraunt is Postinos cousin, and seeing as how I love Postinos I went in with high hopes.
The staff is nice and attractive, just like at Postinos, but the food lacks a central theme and left a lot to be desired.
The music was an odd compliation and at times I thought someone might be playing a 'mixed tape' from the early 90's.
The volume of the music was adjusted up and down all evening.
The full bar is appreciated but the wine is all 'on tap'- so the red wine comes out cold.
Also there is not a pinot grigio on the wine list simply a white 'blend' (no thanks!
) The prices of food and drink at the Windsor were higher than those at Postino, and I think next time I head out I will just travel a little further South on Central and go to Postinos.

LOVE LOVE LOVE!
Good food, Great Service, even better specialty cocktails.
I've read several other reviews of Windsor and am SO sick of hearing people complain that "it's not Postino"...um hello, it's not supposed to be.
Fun Fact, restaurateur's do occasionally open restaurants with different concepts, this isn't a cheesecake factory people!!
The #29 cocktail is totally unexpected and I may have a small addiction going on, and I drool over the Fattoush Salad (ps, I add chicken and Skrimps :), yes Skrimps), and the vibe there is just so fun and laid back.
All the servers couldn't be nicer, and my server last time, Lisa, was the best...on top of things, friendly, and FAST.
My new fav hang out, and no, no intervention necessary please!

The newest Craig DeMarco (Postino) creation is here.
I made the mistake of eating elsewhere before arriving so only had the No.
29 cocktail which is Gin, celery bitters, celery soda, and lime.
It's got a lot going on but is very refreshing to drink, I highly recommend this if you're not looking for a sweet drink.
The red velvet cookies at Churn make a fantastic ice cream sandwich.
Windsor is a lot like Postino but for liquor and beer but of course with much more depth to the menu.
The atmosphere is similar to that of Postino with exposed brick, dim lighting, and a swanky yet casual feel not to mention their wall of cassette tapes, very cool.

Comfortable and stylish, Winsor is brought to you by the same folks who run Postino's and it shows.
Although I did not see a brushetta in sight, the restaurant has the same open feel to it and also the same valet parking set up.
Our 3 person party's visit was on a busy Saturday night but fortunately we only had a short 5 minute wait.
After being seated at a corner booth, we started our meal with their Cheddar Fondue, $11.
It featured pulled pork, apple slices, caraway bread, sausage and a white cheddar for dipping, yes it was a good as it sounds.
For our main dishes we ordered the Porkwitch $12, pulled pork ham & smoked bacon with coleslaw, A country Vegetable Chop Salad $9, with greens, Kale, brussel sprouts, corn, snap peas with a ranch dressing and a Banh Mi Halibut Sandwich $13, with grilled halibut with honey soy glaze.
All were tasty but the Bahn Mi Sandwich was the best of the three.
It has the perfect spiciness and crunch from carrot and cucumber.
If you enjoy comfort food, you will like this place, and don't miss their sweet shop connected to the restaurant that features house made ice cream.

First visit...wait staff slow, non-attentive, food not cooked to request, med well hamburger, raw...they did comp the meal.
Was by no means fantastic for the price asked $10.00 (too much).
Disappointed with Mr DeMarco

The Good:  - The service was excellent, and the real stand out was the hostess.
She was friendly, patient, and took good care of us.
- The patio is awesome!
- the specialty drinks are delicious.
Not too sweet, and unique.
The menu is limited, which can be both a good or bad thing.
Frankly, I prefer a menu that isn't pages and pages long.
It makes me wonder about the freshness about the food when there are 500 dishes.
I tried the potato chips with blue cheese.
They were a-amazing!
My only suggestion was to be sure to split these with at least two other people.
The Not-So-Good: I didn't care for the skewers.
I found the spices to be bitter, and the spicy chili side bland.
I also found the beef to be especially tough and gristly.
Overall, I would go back with friends, and possibly bring a dog or two, have some tasty drinks, and split some chips.
Another good social restaurant from the people that brought you postino.

Why, oh why, can't someone put any cool restaurants like the Windsor in North Scottsdale?
If it wasn't a 40 minute drive away, I would be living at this place.
Seriously.
Maybe I should just ask them to let me throw a cot on the patio, get them to promise to leave the misters on during the summer, and I'll pay their rent.
Where to start?
The restaurant is housed in an old 1940s (I think) building that they remodeled to - get this - look like a restaurant that has been there since the 1940s.
This is not to say that it feels old, just worked in and comfortable like a catchers mitt from little league.
I have no idea how they accomplished that feeling while working with new materials.
The bar is a horseshoe in the middle of the restaurant with a mahogany top and a "floating" box for liquor storage.
Although I have not had a chance to sit in the booths, they are black leather and look inviting and cozy.
The patio is unreal.
A wall of windows next to the bar collapses and the entire restaurant has an inside-outside vibe.
There are plants everywhere and I truly felt like I was hanging out in a friend's backyard - sans pool.
Once we saw the patio my date and I immediately decided to wait for a table out there.
We stepped aside and servers were immediately asking us if they could get us a drink while we waited (which was very nice) and we each ordered one of their custom cocktails.
I had the No.5 which was tequila based and the date ordered one with watermelon and Tito's vodka (I can't remember the number).
Both were incredible and helped set the stage for a wonderful night.
Our table opened up in about 10 minutes, well within the time quoted.
I ordered the corn dog poppers (I really am just a big child) and the pork sandwich.
Both were out of this world good.
The poppers were just the right size and I am still craving that mustard.
The porkwich was as billed, three different kinds of pork topped with slaw and gold sauce on a fresh bun.
I think I overheard someone say that they were thinking about calling it the "pork threeway" - too funny.
My date ordered the mixed grain salad and let me snag a quick bite before she scarfed it down.
I can't remember everything that was in the salad, but the quinoa and zucchini went perfectly with the dressing.
That salad was an all star, and I never eat salads.
To wash it all down we each had a couple of glasses of the wine on tap (a very cool idea).
Service - the service was great - not overbearing but always available when we needed them.
Our server Morgan was very attentive and It looked like they operated on a team service model.
It is nice to not have to search for your server if you need help.
In all, this place is amazing.
You won't be disappointed.

Moving from LA to PHX, I was hoping I'd be able to find some great restaurants here that would help me miss the food of LA a little less.
I heard Windsor and Churn were opening up and I always love to check out a new place, especially when it is owned by someone with a good track record.
When we pulled up I knew I was in love.
It's the ambiance and atmosphere of a restaurant that gives you a certain feel, a certain experience.
Between the friendly and stylish staff, the people, the stung lights on the patio, and the wooden benches surrounded by catci pots they nailed it.
The wall of cassette tapes and the saying son the walls were also a great touch.
Our wait on a Fri night was surprisingly short and we had a cocktail waitress take care of us in the meantime.
The drinks are kind of expensive but the No.
11 was tasty enough to warrant the price tag.
My boyfriend and I got a great seat on the patio.
Privacy.
We shared a kale caesar salad.
Usually won cannot be all too wowed by a salad but damn was this good.
What a long way a clever idea like cheddar croutons can go.
Then we split a the brown bag chicken sandwich with friend okra.
Tasty.
A perfect amount of food for a meal, you know the portions everywhere but American serves?
lol.
Everything was great and going next door to eat Banana ice cream from Churn was the cherry on top.
Cheers to your success.

We made our first trip to the recently opened Windsor tonight in North Central Phoenix.
Very enjoyable!
The influence of the Postino's ownership is felt when you enter the restaurant.
Cozy indoor space opening up into a well shaded patio area.
The menu selection is limited...think salads and bar food.
Drink options are plentiful.
We had the Halibut and Crab Cake BLT sandwiches, with good side choices beyond just the standard french fries and fruit salad.
Excellent and well recommended.
The only negative tonight was the waits at times once seated.
It certainly wasn't for lack of the servers' efforts, as they were clearly diligent and keeping busy for too many tables.
Hopefully this ratio is just a blip in opening, as the food and setting are definitely there.
We didn't try the ice cream options at Churn next door, but they definitely looked good.
We'll be back.

This place is wonderful -- great drink and food menu.
Where to begin, the gin/blackberry drink with the naked lady swizzle stick was both tasty and entertaining (nice added detail with the stick).
The patio is great -- misters were a little heavy, but in a few weeks it won't matter!
The crab cake BLT was delicious -- perfect amount of mustard remoulade.
We also had the smorgasboard -- perfect amount of salty snacks before our meal -- loved the kale chips!
The laid back atmosphere and comfort food theme worked well for our date night.
Would love to take friends for a happy hour soon!
Another hit for Craig DeMarco!

Awesome!
I highly recommend this place!
Incredible atmosphere inside and out, the bar design is superb and the patio is the perfect spot for relaxing and enjoying drinks with friends.
I went for the second time recently and have to give this place a stellar review.
The menu is innovative and fresh!
The mixed drinks are killer and the wine on tap was an extremely pleasant surprise.
Plus, you can't beat their happy hour seven days a week!
I have had the crab cake BLT and the halibut sandwich, which were both out of this world!
Everything I saw coming out of the kitchen looked amazing and I can't wait to go back and try all the others.
The servers were great and knowledgeable about their menu which is always a big plus!
As a parent, I love that this place is a perfect day/night out spot for a date or hanging with friends but also a family oriented neighborhood joint where I can bring my kiddo along!
Love that Churn is right next door to get some yummy dessert after an incredible meal!
The design is spot on for this area!
Great job!

We went to Windsor during the first few weeks they were opened.
Thank goodness for the free valet, because the place was packed!!
Luckily, we got sat within 5 minutes because they people ahead of us preferred to stay at the bar.
We sat in the patio area which was really nice and open.
Our server was really nice and on top of things.
We got our drinks in a timely manner, and they weren't too expensive either!
They have a pretty decent selection of wine and beer, of all price ranges.
Being that it was right after they opened, delays from the kitchen were to be expected.
After waiting a decent amount of time (at least 20-30 min), we had not only our server, but also the manager and another employee, come up to us and apologize genuinely and profusely.
I think it was worth the wait!
I had the chicken sandwich with mac n cheese, which was absolutely delicious!
My dad had the burger with okra, which was also quite yummy!
To top it off, because of the long wait, they comped our food!
It was totally unnecessary, but definitely solidified that we'd return!
Can't wait to try Churn next time!

I love this place!
The atmosphere is beautiful, trendy and comfortable.
The food was incredible!
I had the crab cake sandwich with the Kale salad as a side.
The Blackberry gin drink was amazing.
Love the swizzle stick with the blackberrry skirt.
Nice detail.
There are many healthy offerings like a grain salad and fun sides for $3.
The service was also wonderful.
The waitress was very attentive during a busy lunch and moved the sun shade on the patio to make sure we were comfortable without even asking her to do so.
I can't wait to go back and try more wonderful items and just relax in the fun atmosphere.

Best Mac-n-cheese I've ever had.
Plus, they have shorty's of draft beer for lightweights like me.

After a few trips to Churn, I decided it was time to try Windsor.
I'd gotten a few tips from friends on what to order and everyone really enjoyed their food.
Kammie K was my lunch partner.
When I got there, she had a bowl of pistachios in front of her.
In.
The.
Shell.
I love that!
Good food always takes a little work, right?
As we munched on the nuts (hahaha I am a nut muncher!
) I saw something on the menu I'd been wanting to try for a couple months: kale chips.
The chips came with a ranch dipping sauce, but I only tried a little of it.
They were perfect on their own!
Garlic hunks and sea salt peppered each leaf perfectly.
I can't wait to learn how to make them at home!
I also had bite-sized corn dogs.
They were pretty good & came with a side of mustard, but some of the batter didn't cook all the way on a couple of the pieces.
The patio here is awesome.
The misters really keep the temperature down, though I will have to really judge that in July.
They have the BEST soundtrack playing, too.
It's a mix of awesome 80s music.
Oh, and their wall is covered in cassette tapes.
Some of them are mixed tapes.
FTW!!!
(Bring $5 for the valet.
There is street parking, but it's hard to come by.

I met a friend for happy hour here earlier in the week.
We sat on the patio, which was really nice.
Along with some wine and beer, we shared the fondue.
Very yummy--particularly the pretzel pieces.
But then again, I love anything smothered in cheese sauce.
We didn't try anything else on the menu, but everything going by looked tasty.
The only reason for one fewer star than I would normally give is the parking situation.
It's bad, particularly if you come earlier than 6 pm.
Valet parking/the regular lot was full, so I was directed to park on the residential street behind the restaurant.
There were already about 30 cars parked on the street, and let's just say it's clear the neighbors are hostile about having their once- quiet street turned into a parking lot.
There are garbage cans along the curbs with signs that make it clear that they don't want you parking in front of their houses, and frankly, I don't blame them.
When I parked and got out, one of the homeowners confronted me verbally (while holding a hose and spraying water).
Again, I'm symphathetic.
I wouldn't want a bunch of people driving through my quiet neighborhood, but I also didn't want the smack talk I got after parking.
The Windsor/Churn owners need to resolve this problem before it gets uglier than being threatened with a spray of water.

I wanted to love Windsor because we love Postino.
But, there's a different vibe even though it's right across the street.
Service is more flippant and dismissive, the seating options are either too sunny (and hot) outside or too dark (and freezing) inside.
blueberry lemonade is a great concept, but strain the blueberry skins out....nothing like a straw-full to keep you from enjoying your drink.
loaded chip app with caramelized onions, bacon and blue cheese could have been amazing, if chips weren't greasy and overdone.
the pastrami reuben was good (wet, but good) but not anything out of the ordinary.
chicken salad sandwich was a unique mix of chicken, avocado, nuts and sundried tomatoes but it just seemed like it was trying to hard.
odd service...went from friendly waitress to unfriendly waitress to other food and drink deliverers who had no idea who ordered what.

In short, Windsor is everything I wanted from St. Francis and didn't get, offered at a fraction of the  price.
The Reuben is magical.
The Salmon Ceasar is great.
The fries and mac & cheese... yum.
The $5 happy hour pitchers of solid, amazing beers...  forget about it.
Cool, friendly staff who care and make good recommendations, you say?
Managers like Tory who care enough to stop by, say hello and get excited when you say how good everything is?
This restaurant gives Postino a run for its money and puts places like St. Francis (on the high-end) and Main Ingredient (on the low-end) to shame.
$10 - $12 for this caliber of food in Phoenix is both refreshing and rare, unfortunately.
Thank you for being a breath of fresh and amazing air, Windsor.
It's been a long time since I was this pleasantly surprised by a Phoenix restaurant.
NOCA, you will always be the best for dinner but Windsor is my new favorite spot for lunch or less expensive dinner!!

We were so excited to have another choice restaurant in North Central.
It has a great bar and patio, but I found the menu lacking.
I so wanted to love this place.
The hamburger I had was good, not great.
Did enjoy the fried okra, but found the mac and cheese dry and tasteless.
The wait staff was nonchalant and seemed to be more interested in each other than in waiting on tables.
Also, my daughter and her friends went there for a late dinner (they are all 24-26 years old).
They were carded but the waitress didn't believe them.
She sent the manager over who actually sat down at the table and had them each produce three more cards, which I thought was above and beyond.
After they had emptied their wallets, they did get their drinks, but the waitress, having been shown up, was rude to the girls after that.
It is a shame that this group of young women, who are all med students and law students, were subjected to this treatment and all have vowed never to return.

Hey hipsters.
Join the lines at Windsor.
And they are pretty much worth it.
The wait for 4 on a Friday night was about 30 minutes, not horrible.
We were seated in a big booth with plenty of room.
THE FOOD: We ordered the cheese fondue appetizer.
The bread and apples were great in it, but we were a bit confused by the pulled pork on the side.
Should we stir it in?
We ended up putting it on top of the bread after being dipped in the cheese.
I had the Windsor burger.
I have read reviews treating it like it was the second coming.
I wouldn't go that far, but it was a good burger.
Juicy and obviously hand formed, with smoky carmelized onions and the rest of the fixins.
The fries were suprisngly tasty, not just a throw-away side dish.
Others at the table had the pastrami sandwich which was proclaimed "interesting", but very tasty.
THE SERVICE: Adequate.
Not great, not bad.
THE DECOR: The wall of cassettes is amazing.
Look at my pic, that is my favorite.
I have become obsessed with what I think might be on that mixed tape.
Will I go back?
Sure.
But I'm going to wait for the frenzy to die down a bit.

Be prepared to be WOW'd!
Windsor is one of the best spots in Phoenix if you are looking for amazing food, great drinks, awesome atmosphere, and possibly the best staff there is.
It is great for date night, or just getting together with friends!
The overall experience for me was one of the best there is.
I had the pork sandwich and it was more than enough food and was so good.
My friends both got salads and they absolutely loved them.
I think that one thing that sets Windsor over most other spots in Phoenix is the staff!
Like Postino before it, Windsor's staff is awesome and make you feel like part of the family the second you walk in the door!
I have and will continue to send people to Windsor!
So far every person I have told to go there has text or called me the next day thanking me because they loved it so much!
Go... you won't regret it!

I was excited to try Windsor since I'm such a huge fan of Postino, and didn't know what to expect.
I ordered the corn dog poppers as an appetizer and the burger as my entree.
The sandwich was satisfying and what I expected, and I am looking forward to getting one of Windsor's signature cocktails when I go back.
They have a nice open patio I plan on enjoying this summer with bigger groups of people, and Churn next door looks amazing.

Looking for a great place to take someone on a first date?
Bam.
Done.
Windsor is the perfect "get to know you" place by offering a great atmosphere that is filled with amazing music, comfy seating, interesting decor and great food.

This place is fun, filling and delicious!
I like the outdoor/ indoor hybrid sort of space with the fun patio and interesting decor.
Careful ordering - everything is super massive and filling!
I normally get appetizers because I don't eat meat and their vegetarian entree is a little strange for me.
But Windsor's Mac and Cheese is killer as are the other sides I've tried.

Good quality for what it is...
Doesn't touch Postino, but full bar, hip surroundings, and cool music are a plus.
Try the crab cake BLT or the Bahn Mi.
Avoid the fondue and the grain salad.

Windsor is as good as it gets.
Great design, great atmosphere, great service and great food.
The place is very cool.
It has a square, horseshoe style bar in the center of the restaurant.
These are always the best designed bars.
Great for comfort, for conversation and people watching.
One of their walls is full of old cassette tapes.
Very cool idea.
The owners of Postino own Windsor.
They obviously know a lot about the business, because they did an amazing job with Postinos.
And one of the best things about Windsor is it is nothing at all like Postino, yet another amazing job.
I love the healthy menu.
Lots of vegitarian choices, and salads.
I have tried the Kale salad, Grain Salad, the Vegitarian Stack.
All great, fresh ingredients.
I also love that they offer some small bar snacks.
These are great salty items, that are good to offer people while sitting at the bar.
Another thing I love is they have wine by the glass on tap.
This is great for a glass of wine, if your not sharing a bottle.
And it helps the environment.
The staff is  very friendly, and well trained.
They have remembered me the few times I have been there.
Which always makes me feel welcome.
Windsor is by far one of my new favorite hot spots in the neighborhood.

I went to Windsor w/ a group from work at lunch time.
We were greeted promptly and seated outside on their shady patio.
Our waiter came to our table quickly and took our drink order.
He also answered our menu questions and gave his opinion on a couple of dishes.
The food came out quickly and hot.
All I can say is "AMAZING".
I had the halibut sandwich with mac n' cheese as the side.
Very good taste to the halibut w/ a little kick that was unexpected, but loved.
The only suggestion I can give for this sandwich is to lighten up on the greens and please, please, please, take the stems off of the cilantro!
I am in love w/ the taste of cilantro but the texture of the stems was off putting.
Overall, this was a great restaurant w/ wonderful atmosphere.
Service was good and we left satisfied!
The 4 stars is just b/c the talented chef should consider reducing the amount of greens on the halibut sandwich and make sure to take the stems off the cilantro.
Well done!
Can't wait to go back when I can indulge in some adult beverages!

One word: Porkwich.
Okay, well, here's some more words, provided courtesy of The Oatmeal, "I will never forget you, porkwich.
I will love you until the end of time.
You are my oily pigflesh soulmate.
" Pair that porkwich (ham, bacon, and pulled pork with coleslaw and sauce on a yummy bun) with the perfectly seasoned mac and cheese, and add a $5 pitcher of Dogfish Head Ale (pitchers are $5 until 5 pm, and you get a little more than two full glasses), and you have a recipe for happiness.
Or a heart attack.
I'm going with happiness.
I hadn't heard about the "rad" campaign, but it's funny that I used that word specifically to describe the environment.
Well, it is pretty rad.
I'll be back!

Everything was a wonderful experience from the valet that received my car to the ice cream lady at Churn.
Service was friendly, prompt and professional.
The atmosphere was warm and inviting and it just has a great vibe.
Now to top it all off the Reuben was the best that I have ever had.
Kind of funny when you think about it.
How good or classy can a Reuben be?
This Rueben takes you beyond the typical greasy low quality experience.
The pastrami is some of the best that I have ever tasted, The sandwich was elequently done.
I would highly recommend this place for a lunch with really good friends.
It just adds to the experience of being with the ones that you love.

Bahn Mi oh my, what a flavor explosion.
Luickly I was seated outside for this blast of flavor.
I visited the Windsor at 8:30 on a weeknight and it was surprisingly busy, but there was no wait.
We opted to sit on the patio, which ot my surprise was nicer than the inside dining area.
Wooden booths and tables, padded chairs and corrugated metal shade complete the contemporary urban patio  The menu has salad, and various burger like sandwiches on the menu, which on the surface is nothing interesting, the sides list is quite eclectic, there is the traditional fries, and the less traditional,  Kale chips, fried okra, mac & cheese, sweet cabbage salad and more.
at $3 each I think 3-4 may be a fun snack meal.
I went with the Halibut Bahn Mi, ($13) Their take on a Vietnamese favorite.
S soft round bun housed a perfectly cooked piece of halibut, an assortment of greens, and a flavored mayo.
It was spicy, fresh and hearty, I highly recommend this.
With any main dish you also have a choice of side.
I went with the fried Okra, which was delicious, crispy, not soggy like Okra can easily be, and the batter had a great flavor.
It was in perfect bit sized pieces too.
My table also got a salad ($9) with salmon ($3) note the salmon is smoked.
This was good but nothing too special.
A small dish of pistachios is delivered to the table as a complimentary app, it is a nice protein packed treat.
The service was also great, I had just finished a spin class and was drinking water faster than a elephant, however my glass never went lower than 1/3, even after 10 refills.
This was even more surprising as usually patios are the black hole of service.

Judging from one lunch experience, I have to give this place 5 stars.
First off, it definitely had a "Postino" vibe...from the outside patio dining to the uni-sex bathrooms with stocked, stamped toilet paper.
The hosts were friendly when I entered the restaurant.
That was a good start.
Nothing worse than a snotty host who ignores you until you ask for service.
Our server was really sweet and attentive.
He won me over right from the start when he complimented my sleeping baby.
He was a tall, thin guy with some tattoos, most notably one on his neck that looked like bones.
He was very patient and had a sense of humor...something you need to have when waiting on a 10-top of ladies at lunch.
The menu looked incredibly appetizing.
A variety of bar snacks, apps, salads and sandwiches and unique sides like fried okra and chilled bean salad.
I was going to have the country veggie chopped salad, but then I spied the Porkwich Sandwich and had to have it.
This is what was on it: Pulled pork, Tenderbelly braised ham & smoked bacon layered with gold sauce & crunchy coleslaw on a buttermilk bun.
How delish is that?!
You can add any choice of side, and after inquiring about Jo's Church Potatoes, I had to have those to accompany my indulgent sandwich.
They are basically like "cheesy potato casserole.
" Creamy and rich and filling.
While the other gals who ordered the porkwich used a fork and knife to eat their sandwich, I said "What the hell" and picked it up with my hands and sloppily ate it.
Yes, it was messy, but the flavors all came together in each bite and I was in pig out heaven.
After half the sandwich was gone, I decided to be a bit more lady-like and ate it with a fork.
Not as tasty that way...you can't get all the flavors together in one bite.
We were celebrating my birthday, so I got a cute little ice cream sandwich as dessert.
It was two soft red velvet cookies sandwiched between some great french vanilla ice cream.
I'm assuming this was a dessert you could get next door at Churn too.
I'm looking forward to going back again soon and trying more on the menu and hoping my opinion of the place stays at 5 stars.

Postinos little sister!
Went here for lunch very good!
The staff was friendly and the prices were good!

In my best Charlie Sheen, "Windsor.
Winner.
Windsor.
Winner!
"  I had the MOST attentive service from our greeting at the door, to our seating in back, to our beverage service...ooops, then a small lapse in service...no biggie I was enjoying the vibe and the ambience.
Ordered the Double Dip...sadly the name reminded me of my buddies in college when they would chew tobacco, sometimes they would "double dip"....gross I know.
The concept of this dip is a cobb salad made into a dip served with a chipotle salsa (didn't get much smoky chipotle flavor however...which is fine since my little petite self is sensitive to spicy food...I mean my mom would serve potato chips and ketchup and called it chips and salsa...but I digress).
I would order the dip again, but I have to say it really tasted just like egg salad.
And fortunately I loves me some egg salad!
My rueben sandwich was OUTSTANDING and I chose a side of mac n cheese which was total bliss (NOT plugging a restaurant downtown btw)....that was the word I said as cheese and a chunk of elbow macaroni slid down my chin.
Pleasant, I know.
My friend was doing the Meg Ryan orgasm scene as he enjoyed his bbq pulled chicken sandwich.
I'm sure we looked ridiculous.
But we were ridiculously happy.
Welcome to the neighborhood Windsor.
Let's totally hang out more often!

Really, really wanted to fall in love with the place and have it be my "new hangout," but sadly...the service was lukewarm as was the temperature of my porkwich with a side of mac n cheese.
As for the "vibe" -- it was just that.
Tried a little too hard for my taste.
On the positive side, the patio looks lovely and the ice cream shop next door is exceptional --- best salted caramel sauce ever!

This is an elderly gentleman's backyard grill and resort casual cocktail party.
We got the double dip appetiser - nice, but not stunningly memorable - and I had the burger.
It, too, was nice, but I cannot recall anything about it that stood out.
Like a Delux burger except with decent meat was a thought that raced through my head.
Note on the menu: it's simple, focussing on salads, burgers, mac & cheese, etc.
Again, elderly gentleman's backyard grill.
I felt left wanting for something a tad more creative outside the appetiser section.
Service is where the ding comes - wait staff was excellent, but I was ignored for a good amount of time while waiting to be noticed to be seated, this being after I was told where to wait to be put on a list to wait to be seated (no gripes about the wait - was quick and we were offered drinks to pass the time).
The best part is by far Churn, the ice-cream shop next door (owned by the same owner).
Wouldn't object to coming back, but wouldn't suggest it either.

First off... needs better signage.
I walked past all three doors in front looking for a way in... felt kind of stupid.
Entrance on the side.
Very hip feel, good energy and very busy.
Wished they had a few more general beer selections.
It's nice to do local and different, but I found both my picks to be not be what I was looking for.
Like that someone walks thru the waiting crowd and gets drink orders, saves fighting at the bar.
Had the Kabob appetizer and the Church potatoes as my entree.
I make these same potatoes for every holiday meal.... they were good comfort food.
The Kabobs were a selection of meat, shrimp and veggies (one of the veggies I had no idea what it was, although good) I wasn't thrilled with the dipping sauces though.
It was a bit like a twist on mustard and ketchup with other things mixed in.
Hard to describe, but would have rather had a good peanut sauce, or a spicy tereyaki like dip.
Didn't do Churn next door, but will save that for a visit of it's own!!
Hate the whole valet thing, although I understand it here since there is virtually no parking.
But I did find a LEGAL spot in the neighborhood.... please be respectful of the folks who live nearby.
All and all, I'll be back... the sandwiches at the table next to me looked wonderful, and I didn't get to see the restrooms (a strange quirk of mine)

Great local eatery, service is good.
well thought out etc.
the drink menu is very interesting, great selection of scotch and bourbon.
I just wish they would change the menu although the food is good, the menu is very limited wihich is ok i just dont want to eat a pastrami sandwich for dinner.
with a little change easily a four or five star.

Saturday afternoon happy hour!!
The atmosphere is great.
The food is fun and delicious and did I mention great drinks!
The is diffinitely a spot to check out.
After you do, I am sure you will go again and again

What a pleasant surprise!
From a relaxing, eye-pleasing decor, to misted outdoor seating, to a cute little ice cream shoppe in the same building, to the clever "wall of cassettes", this place has lots of charm without overdoing the kitsch.
Servers are topnotch, friendly and attentive.
But the food is what won me over... these guys are onto something.
In two visits my two sandwiches were both wows.. the Burger, Windsor style, is amazing with caramelized onions, a garlic aioli and cheddar on an artisan roll.
There are lots of places that smother sandwiches in lots of ingredients, but they don't always work out... this one does.
Today, tried the Porkwich.... was almost brought to tears by the "Tenderbelly" bacon over two other kinds of pork, cole slaw and "gold sauce" (no idea what's in the sauce but I liked it and you will too).
Got mac and cheese as the side dish and it was really special, creamy and flavorful.
I will be back... again and again!

Happy hour ENDS at 5pm?
Totally lame.
The food was ok, but nothing really great.
I had the halibut sandwich which sounded amazing and looked great based on the Yelp pics I saw, but it left me disappointed.
Split the kabobs with the table.
The shrimp was the best part, the pork was dry and chewy, the chicken just ok.
The mac and cheese, good not great.
The Jo's Church potatoes were not as good as expected based on the pics I saw.
Overall, this place was just ok and way over priced.
I don't have interest in going back here.

I've now been here a handful of times and each time I am impressed by the tremendous level of service I receive.
The food is always great (who doesn't love fondue?
) but the service is the stand-out.
This time I had the pulled porkwich and I have to admit, with all the hype I was prepared to be disappointed.
Well just like a good Girl Scout, I was prepared for the worst but luckily experienced the best.
It rocked.
The mustard sauce, the coleslaw (which normally I scrap off), the bacon....I mean how on earth could they make this any better.
Previous visits I've had the Crabcake BLT (A-mazing), the Burger, Windsor-style, and the Waldorf Salad.
All great.
Honestly, although this is not exactly a health food stop, you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.

Had the Porkwich the other night, it was outstanding!
Also tried the smoked salmon chowder, really good too!
The great food was complimented by outstanding service.
I will definitely head back to Windsor.

Only one word comes to mind... Rad!

First impressions last, unfortunately for Windsor.
The parking.
Yuck.
Six cars deep waiting for valet, no thanks.
Especially in a lot the size of a fat Circle K.  It was small enough that I didn't even bother trying, I just parked down the street (which I'm sure locals are just in love with already).
Then, while there are indeed like six doors to the place, none seem to be the main entrance.
I finally just went in the one that was open, you know, right by the bathrooms.
All of the ones along the 'front' are knuckle deep in people's tables so those are awkward.
Now on to trying to get a seat.
My friend and I walked up to the bar.
The overhead speaker was going to make conversation a pain in the head so we walked over to what looked like a waiter station.
And then we stood there.
Then we stood some more.
I considered at one point calling them and asking if there was somebody who could come over and seat us.
At least for my ego, after being seated, I noticed several other people walk up to doors, look in side, and then walk away, to finally wander inside and stand around looking for what to do next.
We were finally asked by a young lady, sitting with friends and food at the first booth, if we needed help.
I thought it odd that a customer was asking us if we needed help and I thought maybe I should think of something funny to say because she's kinda cute and I wonder if she's trying to....oh wait, I think she works here?
It turned out it was the hostess who had been letting us stand there, three feet away, gawking like idiots while she hung out with friends, chatting and eating.
After asking if we should just seat ourselves or if there was somebody we were supposed to ask about it or if we were in the wrong place she grabbed us menus and nabbed us a table.
At this point, and I'm only on a passing fancy with snobbery, I was ready to write this place off.
The initial experience was a 'if you can't figure us out, then you probably shouldn't be here' kind of thing.
Not that it's rocket science but, seriously?
If I have to *try* to get a table then next time I'm bringing my top hat and parrot.
Luckily for this place, once seated things got WAY better.
Our waitress was happy, friendly, filled with information and suggestions, and made sure that I knew what was going on for happy hour.
Win, win, win, thanks, and win.
Things were looking up.
The happy hour specials are nice get off early, they don't last long.
The food was good.
Not great, not knock your socks off, but a step up from the norm.
The Russian Roulette Peppers (only one pepper in a dozen is predisposed for heat!
) were a fun app, roasted and oiled.
I'm going to have to give the place another try.
I truly did enjoy myself once I was entrenched.
Both the experience of actually getting off my feet and the unfortunate too cool for my fixie Postino vibe should have been kept on lock down across the street but here's to hoping it grows on me more than the 'duce has.

Finally able to try Windsor after hearing about it for ages.
This place apparently is the new hip place to be seen at it.
It is almost directly across the street from Arcadia Central.
The same folks that frequent that spot probably run across the street to frequent Windsor.
The building is beautiful and has some of the best restaurant lighting around.
A real plus in my book (it makes me look younger and more well rested after all).
The drinks are good, creative and tasty, a little on the smallish side for my taste.
i.e.
they are served in martini-like glasses but come no where near the top.
Beers can also come in "shorty" size a cute concept but they look like the tasting flights that you get for free at some brewries.
The food is tasty.
Much like Chelsea's kitchen and Arcadia, they have good bread and good sides.
I liked the kale salad, their roasted veggies are good but doused a bit too heavily in olive oil.
The mac and cheese was a win at the table, as was the salmon chowder.
The crab cake sandwich was not tasty.
There was crab, just no flavor.
The Chicago dog got good reviews.
I will say, having pistachios on each table to nibble on was a really nice touch.
Will be back, but not when it's super busy :)

I have heard about this place so much that I was excited to be able to try it first hand.
The space is really cool inside and outside.
When the weather is nicer I bet it will be a great place to lounge and hang out with friends.
The people working there are super nice and friendly and will actually make conversation which I really like.
I had the chicago dog and my bf had a burger.
The dog was decent.
The only bad thing was it was so big that I couldnt eat it all together and experience the flavors a true chicago dog should have.
I have to use my fork to eat portions of it which take the fun out of eating a hotdog.
I know they are new and working on things, which will probably make me go back to see if things have improved, which I know they will!

Thank you LGO!
Not only do I have Postino Central but now the Windsor and Churn in CenPho!
Not much in variety for vegetarians/vegans but the food and drink are great.
I really love how they have transformed the space/architecture and I understand that they are going to have a rotating menu...
The fried okra is delish!
More of a bar than a restaurant, expect a long wait on Friday nights for a table, but that's as to be expected anywhere.
Love The Windsor.
"Drinking wine at lunch is not a crime" and I completely agree ;) Become an e-posee member and you will get coupon specials emailed to you!

It is exactly what you would expect from the Postino crew.
Cool warm urban place, big patio (too hot to go out during the day though, it's Phoenix baby), and a great $5 happy hour.
The service was good, the food was hot and tasty, the cocktails they have on their menu were very unique and we tried a couple as well.
Good stuff.
The #1 was very good, I guess i would call it refreshing.
The wall of cassette tapes was vintage and cool as well.
These guys understand what customers want.

One of the best happy hours in town - $5 for pitchers of beer, glasses of wine or cocktails before 5pm every day - amazing!
The atmosphere is great in this place - very comfortable and relaxing.
The service is slow, but pretty good and the cocktail menu is great!

It is a new lounge.
I not impressed by the special drink menu   The food is great and of course the ladies that were eating are Phoenix sexiest.
So if u like food and beautiful people.
I would check it out  Sound Propagation gives it's stamp of approval

Words cannot describe how much I love Windsor.
It's in my favorite part of town, has an ice cream shop attached and has a wall full of cassette tapes that include gems like "Amy's Workout Jamz".
How can you NOT love it?
The atmosphere is an absolute home run.
I just can't wait for it to cool down so I can experience the expansive patio.
The staff are friendly, fun and helpful, the beer is good, and the food is delicious.
On my last visit I had the Banh Mi Sandwich, which was perfect.
The sides are interesting and delicious, and items like the mac & cheese and the broccolini should not be missed.
Windsor is one of those places I can't stop talking about, and with good reason.
It's the perfect mix of location, good food and fun, quirky atmosphere that really makes it a local gem.
Go.
Now!

First visit was a few weeks back.
I was highly impressed with the space but than again Postino family does me no wrong.
We ordered a watermelon cocktail - It was eh.
($9) and the loaded potatoes as an app.
They had bleu cheese, onions, and bacon on them and were handmade cut potato chips.
Huge portion!
got stuffed and decided to share a burger with the hubby.
The burger was juicy and med-rare just how I wanted it.
We got a side of church potatoes which were creamy delicious potatoes almost like a gratin.
I had a glass of wine which they are all on tap here.
It was okay..Definately wanna go back and try some other food options such as the Crabcake BLT and halibut Banh Mi.

Not super cheap and the appetizer menu blows but the atmosphere is awesome.
I haven't sat outside but it looks like there is a nice outdoor seating area.
I noticed a large bike rack and I hear that its popular with bikers in the evening.
The service was good so I would recommend it.

I have worked with the crew that opened this place for years and they hit it right on with this one!
From the classic yet new style menu, to the amazing design and fresh unique signature cocktails you'll love it here.
Every time I'm there I feel like I'm somewhere thats badass.

Had a nice happy hour at Windsor.
Parking was a cinch, good food and drink specials for happy hour, attentive & friendly service and a cool atmosphere.
I didn't eat anything, but I will definitely be back to try more that Windsor has to offer!

First time I went to Windsor, I wasn't impressed.
I thought the menu was kind of weird and drinks were expensive.
Ended up sharing the Smorgasbord.
It was kind of small.
The house smoked salmon was among the best smoked salmon I've had, although kale was totally burnt and there wasn't enough cheese.
Based on my love of Postino, I went back again, and mostly changed my tune.
Porkwich and crab cake blt are SO good, and you have to get the church potatoes, they're unreal.
Drinks are delicious but still expensive.
Plus the space is hip, the bathrooms are cool, the wall of tapes is super rad, and the ice cream next door at Churn is amazing.
Salted caramel please!
Parking can be tight.
Also... come on Windsor (and Postinos) - who can make it to Happy Hour before 5pm???
Please push to 6pm!!

This place is a home run!!!
The food is awesome and seems pretty healthy, with lots of fun choices.
The staff is unbelievably friendly and cool.
The prices are totally fair, especially for kids.
A really fantastic addition to the North Central neighborhood

Unique and interesting menu, although in execution some of the flavors just don't add up.
The whole grain salad, for example, is over-dressed with a potent orange vinaigrette that detracts from the dish.
I also tried the halibut banh mi, but the fish was not fresh, and again the dish just didn't come together.
On the plus side, Windsor has great sides and appetizers, good drink list, excellent service, and always a good crowd.
I'll definitely be back to drink and snack.

We practically licked our plates, so good!
Really good service and our server was very helpful with my gluten free diet.
I had the fresh catch special and hubby had the halibut sandwich which he declared the best sandwich in a long time.
They have wine on tap....had a very tasty Palmina Pinot Grigio....yummy night.
Will be back.

85 reviews in three months...not surprised as this place is teh bomb.
Only been once (so will need to update again when I try more of the food) but loved the BLT crab cake sandwich and side of mac and cheese.
I love crab cakes and mac & cheese and both were just the right balance.
Mac & Cheese was not greasy, not overly breaded, just the right blend of cheesy with the crispy toping.
Crab cake were cooked juuuuuust right, not too much breading, just the right ratio.
Both of these items are good when done well, and dissapointing when not.
Windsor did them perfectly  Everything on the menu sounded good.
The bartenders and hosts were super friendly/accomodating and not in an annoying way.

Yes please!
I could eat their Chopped Kale salad every single day...yes I'm obsessed with Kale.
Besides this delicious and nutritious side dish, I ordered the Brown Bag Pulled Chicken sandwich, which was good too- although it somewhat lacked in flavor.
My mom's side dish was the Fried Okra, which was yummy too.
Besides the food, I love their outside patio- such a cute place to enjoy a glass of wine with the misters in the summer!
Also I like the candy/ice cream shop in the back...I got to stock up on Pop Rocks which I don't see often enough.
I also have to admit that I love their bathrooms, haha I know weird right?
But seriously, the walls were cool inside and they were blasting reggae!
Also the walls leading to the bathroom are covered in cassette tapes- such a cool idea!!
I totally wish I could do that in my own place!
All in all, I would definitely come back when I'm in Phx again.

Such a cool, cozy place to hang out with friends and have some drinks.
They're food is rather tasty and the staff is super hip with a bit of a 'tude.
We ordered the Loaded Chips as an appetizer and I couldn't pry myself away from them.
They were too die for!
I ordered the Crab Cake BLT with a side of Mac n' Cheese and it did not disappoint.
Someone at the table had a side of Charlie Potatoes and they blew me away.
They are pretty much handmade au grautin cheesey potatoes and they are the tastiest things I have ever had in my life.

Since I can now post on here again, I'd like to say that this place is great.
Pulled chicken sandwich.
Macaroni and cheese.
Do it.
Great restaurant.

I have eaten here a few times now and I have really enjoyed everything I have tried.
The first time I got the Crab BLT and the church potatoes.
Hot damn, I would go to that church anytime.
The pickled veggies are really tasty and the fondue is really good.
The second time I had the porkwich, which was a LOT of pork and the warm bean salad.
It was all really good!

I am not even to close fan of this place.
I read the reviews and was super excited to try something new.
This place was super super loud.
The music was so load that people were practically yelling to hear eachother.
I didn't feel like I could even talk to my partner while here.
I did get seated pretty fast.
I ordered the deviled egg dip that was so over salted, I had to send it back.
We also order the cheese fondue that is what made me give this place some stars.
As the main dish, I ordered the Windsor Burger that was just okay.
Nothing really to get excited about.
It wasn't and isn't something to even remember.
Definitely not coming back or suggesting this place to any friends.

Obsessed.
Stopped in for lunch for the first time last weekend and I've been thinking about it (and talking about it to anyone who will listen) all week.
I'm already a regular at Postino, so I had high hopes and Windsor definitely lived up to, if not exceeded, my expectations.
The restaurant is charming from the minute you walk in...I loved the cool bar surrounded by plaid bar stools, and the nice big booths.
Make sure to take a trip to the bathroom and check out the awesome wall o' cassette tapes - it's a nice touch.
I asked my server about a few different wines and not only was he knowledgeable, but he brought me over pours of three different whites to try.
That's some pretty awesome service.
I went with his suggestion, a Riesling, which was bright and nice for the summer, and wasn't overly sweet like many Rieslings.
Plus you gotta love the $5 price tag.
I also followed his suggestion for my lunch and got the halibut sandwich with the kale salad on the side.
The kale salad was light, fresh and interesting, but ohmigod the SANDWICH.
I couldn't stop eating it.
Usually I wouldn't be able to finish a big ol' sandwich for lunch but I was seriously in love with this one.
The fish was delicious and flaky, the bun perfectly toasted, the vegetables a nice crisp addition, and there was some awesome creamy sauce with a bit of a kick.
I will definitely be back....there are at least five other items on their menu that I can't wait to try.
The Postino folks have another winner.
Wasn't too busy when I went there, but give it a few months to catch on and I'm sure it'll be mobbed.
Has an adorable outdoor patio that will be beautiful when the weather cools down.
I love you, Windsor!

We showed up at about 4:55pm on a Friday, so the place was already getting busy.
What made us love The Windsor was everything that happened next.
It stated with the Hostess.
Tatted up and all CenPho, she was outstanding.
Not only exceptionally nice to us, but incredibly sweet to our 3YO daughter.
Even while busily trying to get people seated, she made time to to bring a small ice water outside to Charlie.
While waiting for our table (about 20 min), she offered to get us some drinks as there were only a few minutes left in Happy Hour.
And then every single employee, server manager, whoever, smiled and said Hi on their way by.
Busy as hell, and still cool.
Now for the food, we got some sliders for Charlie, and Sarah and I both had the Crab Cake BLT.
We ate everything.
Happily.
Not "the best thing I ever ate", but still wonderful.
Our super-hostess came by and brought Charlie a treat from Churn next door as a thank you for being such a good girl the whole time.
Again, so thoughtful.
Bottom line is that we are thrilled to have more and more awesome restaurants in our 'hood.
We will be back again and again, and show our friends.

I have LOVED every bite I've eaten here.
The Bahn Mi ($13) sandwich, is filled with grilled halibut that is tender and light on your palate.
You can pick up on the sweet flavor of the honey-soy glaze, although the bread is a little overwhelming (I suggest skipping it or going "open faced").
My new favorite, though, is the brown bag chicken sandwich ($10).
This time, I skipped the bread.
The cold, pulled chicken was moist and robustly flavored.
The textures between the tender chicken, the crunch of hazelnuts and the chewy tomato kept it interesting.
I went with the fresh vegetable which was broccolini and it was cooked perfectly -- still crunchy!
$5 drinks at Happy Hour include the aptly named "No.
1": Tito's Handmade Vodka, Watermelon Agua Fresca, Vanilla-Mint Syrup and Orange Bitters.
You can taste every single flavor note in the description.
It's a great concoction!
I'm definitely a big fan of Windsor!
Looking forward to future visits...

I'm pretty excited that Windsor opened up in our neighborhood.
The latest from Postino's restaurant chain, Windsor offers up upper scale pub fare.
We have been a few times, and have ordered quite a bit from the menu so here goes:  Appetizers: Kale Chips- get the Kale Chips!
Love them!
You almost feel healthy eating them.
Kebobs: Absolutely delicious- could be an entree by themself.
Smorgasboard: pickled vegetables, kale chips, house made smoked salmon, a great plate to share!
Entrees: Halibut Sandwich, Crab BLT, Shreiner's Sausage, Porkwhich- all pretty tasty.

The restaurant was loud - difficult to hear and speak with your guests.
Service was not very good - had to ask multiple times for a beer.
Food was over salted.
Kale chips were atrocious.
But the decor was nice and would probably be a good place for a glass of wine.
We did not try the salads so we can't weigh in but our overall experience was disappointing.

Loved it!
My boyfriend and each had a free bbq rib coupon and they were nice enough to let us use them at the same time.
The ribs were delicious and literally fell off the bone.
The cheddar biscuit was by far the best biscuit I have ever had.
Mac and Cheese was outstanding.
We also got the loaded chips - very different but delicious.
We clearly had a very healthy dinner :)    Atmosphere was unique and fun.
Service was great and the valet was complimentary which is always a nice touch.
We will definitely be back!

Making myself try something different every time we go, and Have yet to find anything I wouldn't order again and again.
Porkwich - decadant comfort food, and never had a sandwich that I find myself daydreaming about frequently.
Bahn Mi - wow.
Brown Bag Chicken - glad the server told us it was cold, huge flavors, so tasty.
Crab cake sammy - best crab cakes since leaving the east coast.
Can't decide which side is my favorite - okra, mac & cheese, church potatoes....  Deviled egg dip and kettle chips, loaded chips, kabobs - even the apps make me want to go back, now!
Service is awesome - have never seen service in a pooled tips environment be so awesome.
Everyone works together to enusure you are well taken care of, start to finish.
When someone comes to your table mid-way through the meal and knows what you're drinking when all that's there is an empty glass, then knows exactly how to split a check (one of us was on an expense report) without asking how to split it - all I think is 'How do they train this?
'  All that and each server still gives personal attention / interaction that makes you want to come back again and again.
Truly conflicted in writing a review - I want this to be 'our little secret' so we don't get locked out by the crowds!
But discovering a great happy hour and super patio - we're happy going early and hanging for a while!
Besides, the timing works perfectly for wrapping up with ice cream from Churn (peanut butter ice cream - who told them that's my secret obsession?
) before heading home relaxed, sated and STILL talking about a great meal and wonderful experience....

some of the best cocktails in phoenix.
food is delicious but not intimidating.

The best part about this place is the cozy atmosphere.
We took our dog with us for dinner, and we were able to sit on the patio.
So if you have a four legged family member, this is a nice chill place, with very good service.
I had the Crab Cake BLT, and although it sounds unappealing, it was surprisingly good.
My better half had the Windsor Burger, but commented that the burgers at Deluxe are much tastier.
The signature drinks are decent, but definitely on the sweet side.
There appeared to be a good wine and beer list, which I will most likely opt for next time.
Bottom Line: I would go back without hesitation.

The bar and patio makes this place !
great atmosphere, host was very nice and professional.
Service was okay.
Food is good, not great .
I would definitely recommend trying it!
even if it's just for drinks at the bar.

Went for happy hour a few weeks after it opened - great service and great patio - the Fattoush salad is officially my favorite salad in the entire city now - and you can walk next door to Churn for dessert.
It def gives Postino a run for it's money.
Only complaint I've heard about this place to date is the parking - we lucked out with a spot right out front, but I know the neighborhood gets pretty up in arms over street parking if you go on a crowded weekend night, etc and valet's full.
Can't wait to go back and try more items!

Love this place!
Went here later in the evening with some friends.
Had great service, AMAZING pulled pork sandwich, cool wine on tap and a neat decoration of cassette tapes on the wall.
Looking forward to going back to try the little ice cream restaurant connected to Windsor.

Not bad....
Think Postino's, Vig, Tuck Shop, and St. Francis in terms of design, ambience, parking, and lighting.
The Windsor's menu is a little different and considerably more sandwich-oriented than the foregoing restaurants, and the servers are a tad more 'edgy' looking, but the Windsor can more or less stand as a lunchtime equal with them.
But I did suffer with a rather serious problem during my visit - strictly related to the food itself.
I ordered the Crab BLT, an intriguing idea on paper, and a very attractive plate once it is set before your eyes.
I selected Jo Church's potatoes as my side dish.
My wife ordered the Schreiner's sausage with cole slaw.
The good:  The Schreiner's sausage was amazingly flavorful and quite well dressed with peppers and the like.
The thick 'Tenderbelly Bacon' crumbled throughout my Crab BLT was perfectly cooked with a slight char.
And the BUNS, oh those delicious toasted, buttered buns!!!
The not-so-good:  They seemed to really just phone-it-in on the side dishes.
The cole slaw my wife ordered seemed right out of a Basha's bag or something in terms of appearance and flavor, and the Jo Church's potatoes (creamy, shredded hash browns) were cold, undercooked, and underseasoned.
Indeed, the potatoes were on the threshold of being simply "bad and bland" which is quite a sad feat considering the taters looked so good.
Also, the music did seem a tad bit on the loud side for a place like this.
The downright FOUL:  I can't help it, I wish I didn't have to say it, but I do....the crab in my crab cakes was absolutely, positively foul.
It was well breaded, well cooked, and well seasoned, so the fault did not lie in the execution, but rather in the senile old grandpa of a crab they used for my cakes.
For such a flaw to be so apparent in what is supposed to be the star of my dish, I must issue the dreaded punitive star rating.
:(   I suspect I will be revising this review in the future, and in an upward direction in terms of stars.
There was quite a bit of good things in the air and on the plate that warrants a second visit, and if I order just right, I suspect I will come away with a very happy, four star experience.

So first, I am a huge Postinos fan and have been for over a decade now.
When I heard they opened up the Windsor, I was excited to check it out.
I finally made it this past weekend and was just as impressed by the staff's friendliness, the chill atmosphere and the eclectic menu.
We were lucky to find a few seats at the bar right away.
The only food we tried were the Loaded Chips.
They were "ridiculously" good too....so good, that we ate every bit of them and couldn't eat another ounce afterwards.
Great excuse to go back for more!

What happens when a great atmosphere, great service and great food collide?
Well, you have to be at Windsor.
If I have a free evening and want to go out to an enjoyable meal in a relaxed atmosphere we just hop over to Windsor and enjoy a porkwich sandwich with fried okra.
Sooo delicious.

Windsor has a great atmosphere, and good food.
But, the best part about Windsor, is the service - which for me, can make or break my experience.
Everyone working makes sure that you are having a great time.
If the water is empty anyone will fill it - not just the person helping you.
They seem to work as a team to make sure everything is perfect.
I can't think of another establishment that operates under this philosophy.
Most are only concerned with their tables, trying for the biggest tips.
Not at Windsor!
I am giving it a "4" because the food isn't "out of this world", but it is good.
And, Sean Minor is on the wine list - which is always a plus!

I'll give this place 2 stars for the atmosphere and service.
I went there with my girlfriend and split a Chicago dog, lentil soup and side of mac and cheese.
The hot dog looked amazing but failed to perform.
We were suspicious that it was precooked because of how quick we received our order.
The lentils were unfortunate looking and tasted worse then their appearance and the macaroni was pale bland pile of mush uncleverly disguised by a meager layer of panko bread crumbs.

Great ambiance and good beers on draft  that are reasonably price, which has made me want to like this place.
Went the first time and tried the loaded chips, which were pretty good.
Second time we had cebiche and a fish and chips sandwich, and I thought that they were very basic..nothing good about them.
My friend had some other plate that he didn't think very highly off either.
I thought of not going back to Windsor (as much as I love that cassette wall)  when I got their email with the free ribs offer during August and decided to try those.
I finally found what I need to eat when I go there.
Those ribs were delicious...some of the best I've ever had.
The mac and cheese, which I got as a side, was very good as well.
So, the ambiance and beers make this place good.
The food, other than the ribs, is not much to write home about...at least from what we've tried.

I like this place quite a bit.
It is clean and full of character.
It's cool but not pretentious.
Happy hour is good and the menu is great too!
They are connected to Churn so you can get your coffee and ice-cream fix as well!
Just be careful not to be seated by the window facing Central at the end of the day.
The sun on your back will make you want to die.

I finally made it to Windsor after I got an e-mail for free ribs!
That was the extra push I needed to make it a priority to visit this new spot.
As I flew down Central I passed up the unassuming building and had to turn around and come back.
The parking is a disaster like at Postino's in Arcadia but they have comp valet!
But I was lucky enough to find one of the few parking places inside of the small lot.
When I walked up I immediately noticed the fab patio and thought it would be a great place to enjoy brunch or lunch one day.
Since it was 100+ outside my and the girls decided to eat inside at the bar.
The place has great ambiance it's kind of dark and has a pub like feel to it.
They have a great group of eclectic servers and bartenders that compliment the place very well!
I didn't order a drink surprisingly but  of course ordered the ribs and the kale salad as a side dish.
The ribs came out and were mmmm mmm good!!
Not because they were free either, lol...they were tender, flavorful and were covered with this AHmazing BBQ sauce... the sauce was sweet, tangy and just plain good.
The chopped kale salad was yummy as well, it tasted really fresh, it had dried cranberries, almonds and some other stuff going on.
Definitely something to think about making at home.
The servers were all very nice and one of the bartenders talked to us about how he installed the purse hooks underneath the bar!
We told him we def.
appreciated his efforts :-)   I'm excited to come back and try some more deliciousness of the menu and maybe I'll even save enough room to get an ice cream sandwich from Churn next door.

Menu isn't the same 'ol.
Healthy, tasty options and unhealthy indulgences.
Modern, casual atmosphere.
Valet parking is pretty much a must, but they're nice and quick.
Still can't figure out where the main entrance is, and what to do to get a table other than wander until someone there makes me stop.
Cool place.

Love all the Postinos/LGO/Chelsea's Kitchen places, so obviously had to try this one out!
A friend and I went for lunch on a Tuesday.
The patio looks wicked, too bad it was 140 degrees out and everyone was definitely waiting for an inside table.
Had to wait about 15 mins but finally got a great table by the wall that says YES.
Lunch cocktails and wine are apparently all $5, so I had a great pear cocktail/martini concoction that was delish.
My friend got the paper bag chicken sandwich (YUM) and I got the quino (I always forget how to spell that word...) salad with a million grilled veggies.
Flavor was a little bland- but it was just grains and veggies and goat cheese- so it was still yummy.
I had to try the mac n cheese (I always do) and it was GREAT!
Service was lovely- really nice waitress and the hostess gets 4 stars for having to deal with customers who appeared to be mad at HER that it was so hot out???
Weird.
We stopped at Churn (gelato place next door) after lunch and it was fantastic.
I'll come back to enjoy the patio, cheap drinks and mac n cheese soon!

I really liked my first experience at Windsor.
My sister and her boyfriend were in town last Friday and we wanted to get our weekend started early with some daytime drinks and a great lunch.
Others have pointed out the decor, so I won't beat a dead horse, but I will say that Windsor stands out from the modern-meets-rustic vibe that seems to characterize many of the newer additions to Phoenix (Parlor, St. Francis, etc.).
While it has some similar design elements, it has some unique touches that make it a striking spot - I'm particular fond of the vivid green color used on the bar and the wall of cassette tapes (remember those?
) leading up to the bathroom.
While I'm glad it was happy hour when we arrived (around 1:30pm), I have to say that the Postino HH window (11-5) isn't a good fit for a place that has a full bar.
Since Windsor has drinks, I would hope that they would introduce a more post-work-appropriate happy hour at some point soon.
That said, again, I was very thrilled to be able to get $5 Bloody Marys and they were made absolutely perfectly.
Our food was also very enjoyable, especially the mac and cheese.
Gourmet mac and cheese has become about as exciting and unique as bruschetta but this mac and cheese was perfection with the perfect combination of savory cheeses and a savory crispy topping.
I also thought the halibut banh mi was delicious (although I can't help but think of the Vietnamese joints where you can get a sandwich like this for ~$8 bucks) and the kale Caesar was crisp and had great texture.
The only real food disappointment was the deviled egg dip which had bacon mixed in, despite not indicating that on the menu.
Sorry, but in this day and age, you really need to clearly label if your food items contain meat, especially if it's pork product.
Finally, I thought the service was enthusiastic but spotty.
There were some things we wanted but didn't get in a timely fashion, so some improvement could definitely be made there.
All in all, though, I really liked my experience at Windsor and will definitely be back.

This place is great and has a wonderful ambiance to it.
The wait staff is friendly and very knowledgeable.
They have a great happy hour on weekends too!
The ribs and the hamburger are delicious.
I will be back!

I was so excited to try this place out!
It's always busy when I drive by, and seems like the cool new place to be at.
However, I was somewhat disappointed with the menu options.
I didn't get much time to check out the outside area, but it looks like a great patio to enjoy some drinks once the weather cools down.
It's definitely a hipster scene, and they nailed it with the neighborhood bar atmosphere.
After being seated, I attempted to read the menu.
I'm all about mood lighting, but it was a tad TOO dark in here.
As I struggled to read the menu in the dim lighting I looked up, and happened to notice two other customers who had whipped out their cell phones to use as flashlights in an effort to see the menu.
As I skimmed through the menu I quickly realized mine and my boyfriend's menu options were VERY limited.
*Quick Tip* If you don't eat pork, your menu options are limited by close to half!
They do serve a Veggie Stack sandwich, but that just didn't fit my mood that day.
I've never ordered a salad as a main dish, but settled on the Country Vegetable Chop with an extra boiled egg and my boyfriend ordered the Backyard Burger (Windsor Style).
I'll admit, my salad was pretty tasty.
I loved the addition of crispy okra on top of the salad, served with the perfect amount of ranch dressing.
The Backyard Burger's carmelized onions make the burger, and pairs well with the garlic aioli.
I was tempted to get an order of the mac and cheese after I saw it at the table next to me, but decided I would save this for another trip in an effort to give this place another try, maybe with the Veggie Stack as my main dish.
Also, the waiter recommended a side of ranch with the fried okra, and I have to agree it was pretty tasty this way, especially for a saucy girl like myself.
I love dipping sauces!
With a very attentive waiter on a busy Saturday night service was great.
Don't forget to head towards the unisex restrooms and sneak a peek at the wall made of cassette tapes!
I'll wait to try this place again once the weather cools off so I can enjoy the outside seating!

It's about as good as it gets for a late lunch - early dinner - venue downtown Central just north of Camelback at Oregon east side.
I almost missed it, being sort of low key there tucked back without a lot of flash.
Just green and bricks and glass.
Easy parking and greeted at the door and she knew immediately who I was meeting.
I felt like I was among a group of very attractive well dressed stylish friends.
Seat was a nice comfy padded bench with a lit candle on the table and subdued lighting... or maybe that was because it was raining gently outside and soft grey skies.
Unusual for Phoenix this summer yes...   Herbal passion fruit tea was delicious and that and water were refilled frequently.
The Country  Vegetable Chopped Salad had kale, pickled artichokes,  avocados, radish, lettuce greens, Brussels sprouts, grape tomatoes, carrots, corn, croutons, breaded fried okra, hard boiled eggs, a creamy mild ranch dressing, and smoked salmon.
Delicious!
It came with a nice chunk of country bread.
My friend Annie had the Salmon and asparagus which she said was divine.
Nice ambiance for conversation, fairly prices and perfect service.
Will be back again!
Went back again on Saturday night.
Parking was ridiculous - 1 block north - 20 minute wait not too bad - very dark crowded and noisy.
But after a bit it settled down but I still could not see my food - eating in the dark while romantic in the right company  is not so appealing.
Same salad as before but somehow a bit mushy this time.
Wish I had the ribs my companion had.
They were good.
Gave me a passion fruit tea to go without asking  - very nice.

The vibe was awesome, the design was very cool and the staff was extremely friendly... the only thing I thought that needed a little fine tuning was the overall menu.
My order was solid, it was the fresh fish and it was done perfectly.
I just thought the sides were a little weak but that was forgotten as soon as I walked into the ice cream / candy shop!
The whole evening was great and would highly recommend it.

Windsor, the newest addition to the Demarco list of hip places in the Valley (until Gilbert Postino opens next to Liberty Market).
Not that I know anything about classic cocktails, but I've begun to dive into this new revival of old school, classic beverages.
Winsdor has a great take on this new trend, and does the "pub food" to match.
I've been to Windsor a handful of times, had every cocktail on the menu and I've also tried a few of the beers and wines.
My favorite cocktail is the No.
35.
The combination of scotch, St. Germain and lemon has an incredible balance and is an easy and strong drink.
The wines at Windsor are all on tap (a new trend in New York and California).
I am a fan of the wines on tap, for the price, quality and the amount of waste (nearly zero) that the restaurant has on such a drink.
The food at Windsor is a little more than elevated bar food.
My fiancée and I love getting the Russian Roulettes for a bar snack, which consists of roasted green peppers.
Most are mild, but you'll get that one that has a bite!
For a little heftier of a plate we will share the Smorgasbord which has a house cured salmon, white bean dip, cheese, nuts, etc.
Those two are perfect for an afternoon of cocktails and snacks.
Like Postino, they offer glasses of wine, pitchers of beer and specialty cocktails for only $5 before 5pm.
Some people like the vibe and decor, others seem to think it's a little too cliche.
I think the decor and design is excellent.
Small aspects remind me of Postino and stick with the Demarco way of restaurant design.
However, some of the themes are reminiscent of the vintage cocktail revival and reminds me of the craft cocktail bar, Craft & Commerce in souther California.
Overall, this is a great place for a casual and quiet afternoon snack and libation.
If it wasn't 35 miles from my house you could probably find me there a couple of times a week.
Nice job Craig, and staff.
Keep up the great work and I look forward to seeing Postino Gilbert open in the beginning of the year.

Everybody that has reviewed Windsor has taken all my words.
I guess that's what I get for waiting so long to visit this gem.
So here's my two cents:   Penny 1:  The weather has cooled off at night, so sit on the patio and enjoy the awesomeness while drinking cocktail No 01.
That's Zero One.
Penny 2:  Eat the macaroni and cheese.
We had the burger with it and they were both fantastic.. We made new friends at the bar and the staff was uber-friendly.
I'm happy we turned left rather than right on Central.

I've been to Windsor enough now to "get it" and to have let them address some of the observations of other customers.
I'll start off by saying that there is nothing fatally flawed in the place, and the concept is quite good.
Combined with Churn and DeMarco's I consider it a hipster urbanist interpretation of a  shopping mall food court for the 30-50 demographic.
Everything in it speaks in some way to those who were in high school or college in the mid-eighties through mid-nineties.
Let me take a moment to gloat: My BROTHERS AND SISTERS!
WE ARE IN THE RICH PART OF THE NOSTALGIA CURVE NOW!
ENJOY!
Anyway, the concept and decor is great and just works.
What's wrong?
Well, the food.
Everything I have ordered off the appetizer menu is either too salty or not quite there in some way.
Portion was too small or was over/underdone.
I don't mind the fact that they don't really have any happy hour specials to excite and entice, but  if there's no discount to convince me that I am somehow getting a deal, the food better be terrific.
And it isn't.
The groups I've been with have left half portions of small plates that should have been wiped clean.
What else?
The service was noticeably slow and a bit cold each time I was there.
Yes, I get it: You're young, attractive and hip and are probably working on a screenplay that will sensitize all of us to the ecological plight of the pygmy eskimo wombat, and working this mind-numblingly-dull waiter job is such a condescension.
Just bring me a beer.
Also, the music is too loud.
I didn't like most of that stuff the first time around, but I'll indulge it for nostalgia's sake.
Anyway, not bad but not quite a destination.
Needs some work.

Windsor is a fun, lively bar/restaurant with a great vibe and good food, all at a reasonable price.
We started out with drinks at the bar while we waited for a table.
Our bartender was great though the drink options were limited.
Frankly I found the cocktail listing confusing with some odd numbered nomenclature instead of standard drink names.
we started out with the kale chips that seem to be popular.
They were just ok.  Kale doesn't exactly make a good chip so it seems like a misnomer.
There wasn't a whole lot of flavor - just a papery texture and salt.
They were worth a try, but I'm more interested in some of their other appetizers next time.
My date and I both had difficulty narrowing our dinner selections because so many sound so good.
He got the halibut sandwich with fried okra while I got the country vegetable chopped salad.
Both were fantastic.
We both appreciated the use of fresh, local ingredients and the attention paid to flavor without overdoing it.
The halibut sandwich had the perfect balance of cilantro and a spicy sambol mayo to make it not your ordinary fish sandwich.
We loved the decor - cozy, not too loud, unpretentious.
Service from the hostess to bar to table service was attentive, friendly, and fast.
The music was fun, and we had a good time trying to figure out how old we were when some songs came on - a nice walk down memory lane.
Definitely will be back to Windsor to experiment with their menu.

I finally got to experience what everyone has been talking about.
Windsor is certainly one of the rather trendy spot at the moment on Central road.
I had the Pastrami Reuben sandwich, which was really salty.
I couldn't even finish it.
However, the Porkwich with kale salad was mighty tasty.
Highly recommend this.
The atmosphere was very laid back and friendly.
The cassette wall was a genius way to recycle old cassettes.

I have been to Windsor twice now, once for happy hour/dinner and once for brunch.
They were voted best Gastropub in central phoenix...
I don't think there's is much gastro or pub deserving qualities.
The food is eh.
We had the nachos (there listed under a fancier name on the menu) and those were actually very good.
The salmon entree I got with the kale salad... not so much.
Salmon was overcooked and the kale salad was well, a salad- not deserving of the rave reviews our server gave it.
My comrade got the white fish banh mih... Now I am a HUGE fan of Vietnamese food and even futile fusion attempts by 'American' restaurants... Don't call it a banh mih if you're not going to serve it on a demi-french baguette.
It was served on the same bun they serve their burgers on...
So what you end up getting is a very SOFT sandwich.
eh.
The drinks are good though.
I would go for happy hour (even though it ends early- 5pm).
$9 cocktail for $5 is a steal and they do execute that well.

Came here over the weekend for the first time.
It's a nice place to come and hang out.
Can't really beat the $7.50 pitcha!
I had the Mixed Grain Salad and it was pretty tasty.
We had a group of 7 and everyone ordered something different and was pretty satisfied.
A small cup of ice cream afterwards at Churn hit the spot.
Definitely be back.

Love this place!
Had the loaded chips appetizer -ah-mazing!
Sounds kinda mundane.
We didn't know what we were getting and the first taste of the chips w/ the toppings was a party in my mouth.
The potato chips are thick and cooked to perfection.
The chips are topped with blue cheese, caramelized onions, bacon, chipotle sauce.
Layers of flavor!
One of the best things I've eaten in a while!
The pulled pork sandwiches are sooo good.
"Different" type of bbq sauce.
Not sweet.
Rather it had more of a mustardy, savory flavor.
My family feels that they could have omitted the ham on the sandwich.
The mac and cheese was good.
Not great, but good.
The wild salmon was good as was the side of veggies.
Overall, great meal.
Great atmosphere.
We sat out back.
Love the trees, the lighting, and the comfy chairs!
oh....service there is amazing!
The servers know what they're doing.
Everyone has a job and about 4 of them wait on you.
Check it out!

I have been here a couple times now and it's a new favorite.
I figured it would be of course being in the Postino family and I wasn't disappointed.
I shared a sample platter of appetizers (best smoked salmon ever) and a burger and each was superb.
There also is a delicious cocktail with rum and orange marmalade syrup.
Not too sweet, just delicious!

So, the little lady and I decided to try this new place out yesterday.
It took a little while to be greeted, but it wasn't a huge deal.
They have tasty cocktails with fresh ingredients.
I suggest the No.11, made with Plymouth gin and freshly muddled blackberries, or the No.89 with organic pear nectar, pear vodka and ginger.
Oh, and the best part is that they are 5 bucks (includes wine and pitchers of beer I think) until 5pm, 7 days a week.
Weee!
We started with the fondue, which was pretty delish (we asked for no meat, so we we give extra apples and big soft pretzels).
For entrees, I had the veggie stack, which was fantastic, with a side of mac and cheese and my girl had a soup and salad combo and a side of their roasted local veggies.
The staff was friendly and kept our drinks full and our table cleared.
I will definitely be going back:)   P.S.
Even their valet guys are super nice!

Dined here this past Friday night... We showed up a little past 8pm and were seated right away, and as if that weren't lucky enough we got a great table on their charming lil patio.
I had high expectations for this place as the owners here are the same as my beloved Postino's.
The food was great and did not disappoint.
Their wine menu contained great options and the food menu contained alot of unique dishes, which I dig.
I chose the mixed grain salad which was perfect, seasonally fresh items which all blended very nicely.
The boyfriend had their burger and mac and cheese which I could tell he genuinely enjoyed, which is not easily accomplished.
We passed on dessert this time, but I've had a Churn red-velvet ice cream sandwich before and it was uhhhmazing!
We will definitely be returning here soon!

I've been here a few times, mostly when they are offering a deal or two through their email list.
The first time, I wasn't impressed.
I remember looking at the menu thinking that I could make most of the entree items at home.
After tasting, I was even less impressed.
There really wasn't anything on the menu that would make we want to come back.
But then we got a coupon for 2 for 1 entrees on Mondays and Tuesdays in October, and since it's right around the corner we decided to give it another try.
I was delighted to find they had changed their menu to include some tasty new items, and I wasn't disappointed with our choices at all.
The Mixed Grain Salad was delicious!
I would definitely get that again.
It is hearty, sweet, and sour, with an amazing blend of textures that make every bite interesting.
It reminded me of a Kashi meal, but so much better.
The next thing we got was the Banh Mi White Fish Sandwich.
While it's true that it's not a traditional Banh Mi sandwich in several ways, the most obvious of which is the fact that it comes on a soft sandwich roll instead of a baguette, it was absolutely delicious!
The fish was cooked perfectly, and it was juicy, fresh, and flavorful.
The side of mac n cheese was just ok.
I don't know why, but most of the starchy sides at Windsor seem overly salted.
I love a good crunchy topping on my baked mac n cheese, but this seemed to be composed entirely of sea salt.
All in all, I'm really glad they offered a deal or I probably wouldn't have returned.
I'm glad I did, and will be going back to try the other new menu items.

Never have I been so disrespected; nor treated with such lack of consideration as I was at windsor.
As zero stars is not a possibility; you have the one.

There isn't a sign out front at all but they must not need it because it's pretty busy.
We only know about it because my husband found it looking up restaurants online.
There are no places whatsoever to sit and wait after you first get there and put in your name.
There is no parking other than valet (or you can risk it with the business parking lot next door, or do some walking and park in front of the neighborhood houses).
There is a really awesome appetizer that I forget what it is called - little tiny green peppers in oil and salt.
Wow, so yummy and unique.
I had a great Mixed Grain Salad that was bursting with flavor even though it was packed with good nutrients!
I remember there being some sort of hash browns covered in melted cheese that my husband had.
Other than there not being any waiting area, there were also hazards.
More than one person tripped in the same tree planter (the one shown in the picture that has the tree trunk in front of a table) and one woman even fell down into the gravel on her knees in a dress.
Staff was ready with a broom right after to push the gravel back into the planter, so you know it must happen all the time.
It's a cramped spot; not planned well by the designers.
What IS cool, as far as design goes, is the hallway with the cassette-tape wall and their fancy-slash-industrial bathrooms.
My husband and I had a long wait to get a table, but the hosts and waiters were very apologetic and nice, and they even comped us our appetizer because of it!

Still great, just wanted to say that if you sit at the bar, Roger makes the best drinks!!

Service Apocalypse To the feather flying', fedora-wearing, I'm-going-to-wear-a-vest-and-long-sleeves-even-though-it's-still-hot-out and-it's-not-1922, hipster server: Go to your local library.
Pick up some literature on proper etiquette.
Might I suggest Emily Post?
Uh Oh.
Too much text for your weary hipster eyes?
Spent all day giving customers the stink-eye didn't you?
OK, I'll break it down for you:  1.
When people sit down at a table, try to greet them.
If you're super tied up between checking up on other tables and checking your appearance in the mirror, then maybe just let that table know that you are busy and that you will be with them shortly.
Because after we were seated at our table, almost 10 minutes went by - no waiter, nothing.
We were beginning to get worried!
We thought perhaps you had been kidnapped!
We called the authorities, but we had little information to go off of since you never came by and said "hi.
" We described you as a tall, malnourished hipster wearing teen-girl skinny jeans, an overwhelming ensemble of man accessories, and air of mismatched cocky arrogance for a 30 year old dude at the lower end of the service industry.
Unfortunately that description did us no good in the neighborhood of CenPho;  but luckily, when we were just about at our wits' end, you showed up hunched over, scowl on your face (if this is in preparation for your costume as a zombie, you are rocking it!
) 2.
When you serve people drinks, let them finish said drinks before hastily removing them from the table.
If they kindly ask you for their drinks back, try not to be an ass.
When customers order dinner, try not to take so long so as to confuse them into thinking it's breakfast.
When the food is served, maybe don't go MIA.
Maybe check back in with them.
Maybe they want dessert for ... wait what time is it now... lunch?
OK I'll stop there.
I know how valuable time is to the pretentious staff at the Windsor.
Those cigarettes aren't going to smoke themselves!
Well congratulations.
From now on, we will avoid your restaurant like you avoid a real job.

Windsor didn't blow my socks off, but it was still solid.
A $5 pitcher of beer before 5:00 is nice.
The pitcher turns out to be 3-4 glasses, so you can't go wrong - just get to the Windsor early to take advantage of it.
And where its sister restaurant Postino's lacks in hard alcohol, the Windsor makes up for it; they have a nice list of whiskeys and bourbons along with mixed drinks.
The food was good.
I really loved the Kale salad (with its dried cherries, crunchy almonds, and tangy dressing, it's hard not to love), and the cheddar fondue was especially sharp and flavorful, but the burger that I ate wasn't anything spectacular.
My friends and I were lucky to arrive early, because after 5:30 pm, it looked like there was a wait time of at least 20+ minutes.
This especially surprised me because it was a Tuesday.
Although, it didn't help that we stayed at our table for so long.
The evening was just too lovely, and the patio too perfect to not stay and chat.

Worst service in town.. and the drinks were next to atrocious!

I'm just gonna say it, Windsor is my jam.
From the first time I stepped foot into this gem I've been hooked.
The drinks are superb: I'll take a No.
1 shaken and poured into a fancy glass, please.
The food total bliss: macaroni & cheese with the porkwich, I die.
The whole place is aesthetically pleasing: more masculine than it's sista Postino but hey, I'm still loving it.
The waitstaff is way laid back yet still attentive, but more importantly, super friendly.
Ladies night is here every week and there's almost nothing more I look forward to than dressing up in some fancy digs, grabbing a seat at the bar, ordering that splendid No.
1, and chatting it up with my chicas and whomever's around.
Seriously, it's the greatest.

I really enjoyed Windsor!
Very cool, urban atmosphere with indoor, outdoor, and bar seating options.
I love the cassette tape wall in the hallway to the bathroom (fun to reminisce while you wait since there are only two unisex bathrooms).
They're labled as a "gastropub", fancy-speak for high-end bar food.
I was curious to try the controversial (some have loved, some have not) mixed grain salad.
I was eyeing the porkwich, but I also appreciate a healthy meal (I love home-made kale chips, if that gives you a good idea of my tolerance for healthy stuff), so my friend and I decided to split a couple dishes.
While I was hoping for a little more (in terms of flavor maybe), I did enjoy the mixed grain salad.
Luckily we were splitting another dish because while feeling healthy, I did not feel full.
For the second dish, we had the veggie stack.
It wasn't quite what I pictured (not really a "stack"), but it was very tasty.
The hummus and green goddess dressing gave it some good flavors.
Definitely excited to go back!

The only thing wrong with this place is: no dessert menu.
O wait ... that's next door ...

So this was my first time here and I must say that it is a very cute establishment.
I went with Ashley, as I do to most restaurants, and we had a coupon for a free appetizer.
We decided to get the cheese fondue.
The pretzel bread was delicious and the apples were crisp and juicy Ashley enjoyed the sausage so I will take her word for it.
I got the Kale Caesar salad with the butternut squash bisque.
The soup warmed me to the bone and was perfectly smooth and delicious.
The salad was full of flavor, minus the avacodo stupid allergies, which was interesting since it was all greens with the cheesy biscuit croutons.
Ashley got the porkwich minus the bacon, yes she is weird, and was only able to eat about half of it.
She got Jo's Church Potatoes as her side and they were fantastic.
The menu doesn't have a huge selection but it looks like they want quality not quantity.
My glass was empty for large periods of time so that is why there are only 4 stars.
All in all I think I will have to go back again.

We had the Windsor burger which was perfectly cooked, juicy and plenty of flavor.
The fiance complained that the caramelized onions were too sweet, but I found it dee-vine.
The mac and cheese was also tasty and I loved the crispy topping.
We also got a side of veg which was spinach and I wish we had ordered two.
It was yummy.
Their winter ale on tap (forget the exact name) was surprisingly good.
This place is fantastic...except for one thing.
It's a teensy bit over priced.
Just a buck or two on each item overpriced.
I'm going to need to find the email/text/yelp deals in order to return as much as I might like...or I could just take up extreme couponing so I can go there every week.

Reuben was good, chopped lake salad was to.
Reuben was good, chopped lake salad was to.

FAVORITE FAVORITE FAVORITE   i love windsor.
i love that i can have a delightful #63 with gin and that everyone is mildly excited when i order it.
i love the glass it comes in.
i love the mixed grain salad.
i think about it when i eat other salads, i feel like i'm cheating on it.
i love every single thing about the artwork here.
really, a chevron pattern with only the word, yes?
yes please.
we love having you here?
thanks windsor, i loved being here.
a neon print that says it all makes sense?
it does windsor.
thanks.
oh and a freaking wall of cassette tapes!?
oh my god.
so freaking darling.
the floor between windsor and churn says, you should, such a wonderful encouragement to eat peanut butter ice cream after 3 glasses of wine.
i love that every time i come here, it seems one of my favorite songs is playing, it feels like home and i love it.
i love the people that work here.
i love the way everyone seems excited i'm there... again.
i held an open house here for my birthday.
we were here for the entire day, well into the evening.
everyone was so attentive and kind and i think most of the staff came to our table to wish me a happy birthday.
this was when i fell in love with windsor and i have been at least once a week since.

I love the design, layout, lighting, etc.
The ambiance is truly stellar.
It's always packed with people every time I go, which makes this feel like a real city eatery and social drinking depot.
The drinks - well prepared.
No.
63 was lip smackin' good.
The food - pleasantly passable.
It somewhat flirts with the palate and does just the trick to soak up a sip or two of bourbon.
I wish I had no more to say...  [She bites her knuckles and hesitates] Boy does it pain me to knock off stars for service.
Mistake me not, this feedback isn't impulsive retribution after one sour puss waiter.
Time after time, I leave thinking "why couldn't they just be nicer?
" I don't need to be spoon fed, have my napkin tucked under my chin or showered with compliments I wasn't fishing for.
I also don't mind if you are cooler, more hipster or read more Kerouac than me.
I just don't want to feel like I'm inconveniencing someone for a meal that comes out of my wallet in the end.
Inattentive and unresponsive.
Regardless of the other positive traits Windsor has going for it, there is still something very unsatisfying when you leave feeling like you were just another annoyance in a sea of demanding diners.

I haven't reviewed The Windsor yet?
Shame on me!
Before you enter, be very careful where you park.
Pay attention to the signs in the residential streets, you will get ticketed.
I almost always valet as I am impatient and lazy.
The architecture is similar to Postinos, it has that old- wood-modern-minimal-rustic-charm feeling.
The patio outside rocks, if weather allows sit outside.
The food is wonderful.
My favorite is the Bahn Mi fish sandwich, second favorite is the ribs, and of course the 5000 calorie porkwich is also delectable.
The Vegetable Chop and Mixed Grain salads are wonderful and so is the Burger (order it Windsor style, trust me)..
The bartenders are friendly, the drinks are stiff and the wine list is hefty.
This has become one of my Cen Pho Favorite Spots.

Dig this place!
Good food-(house smoked salmon, kale salad, and killer drinks), teriffic vibe, and nice staff!
The on-site ice cream is a huge plus, as is the music and  location.

Two bathrooms are shared for men and women (yuck!).
And, it gets worse when a female sits on the toilet in the bathroom where a urinal shares the room and you look across to the mens urinal and see an inch think of urine collecting in the corners floor.
It makes you want to puke!!
And in addition, the urine from the urinal has splashed onto the glass case that stores the toilet paper.
There are NO seat covers so you end up wiping down the toilet seat yourself, gross!!!
And after I spoke with the Manager , Leslie, she mentioned to me that the other restroom has no urinal....so make that one the Women's bathroom and save women from the view of the urinal and the urine on the floor and wiping down the toilet seat.
In addition, Seat covers would be a plus for sure!!!!!
I was really enjoying the ambiance, food, drinks and that good ol local feeling till I saw the urinal collection in such a nice neighborhood hot spot.
Leslie....you really need to clean those bathrooms more ofter before a health code violation comes your way, NO JOKE!!!
Clean up your act!!!!
I will not be returning back, bummer.
But (and that is a big "IF" I would prefer to go into a women's ONLY bathroom!!
Postinos (right across the street) should re-think their bathroom situation as well.

Windsor is one of my favorite happy hour places.
The drinks are great!
I love the #89!
So yummy!
The foods good, too.
Nothing super fancy, amazing kale salad.

So we decided to come back and give this place another  try and it was  a lot better than our first experience!
We had the fondue first, which was more than enough for 2 people to share.
I had the chicago dog, again and my bf had a hamburger.
The service was awesome and our waitress made sure we had more than enough wine!
Looks like Windsor has been ironing out their kinks and really making it into a cool, fun space to hang out and eat!

Good but too much pork.
Really limiting.

I really enjoyed a casual Sunday afternoon at Windsor.
Don't get downtown too often, but really enjoy their sister restaurant Postino across the street.
Someone finally let us know that Windsor is in the same family.
Specialty cocktails was the perfect way to start the meal.
No 29 for the lady, but No 63 is definitely a gentleman's drink.
Bourbon just warms the soul.
Was really happy with the overall quality of the meal.
The chicken sandwich and the Brown Bag Chicken sandwich were great.
Fav sides were the Kale salad and Broccoli with aioli...sprinkled with parmesan cheese.
The interior has an warm cozy feeling...especially since x-mas is right around the corner.
The outdoor patio would be great in warmer weather.
Ordered a 2nd round of drinks and then walked thru the back hallway to grab some cookies from Churn.
Stolled back to the cushy booth to relax with my drink and sweet.
All in all only ran about $50 for 4 drinks and 2 meals.
Wish I lived closer!

What a place!
I recently hosted a 25-person family party there, and both the food and service were impeccable.
The staff were all very friendly and accommodating, even with the dozen children we had in the group.
Leslie was the manager and she paid attention to every last detail, helping me to plan the menu and gauge food quantities for that many people.
The restaurant itself was spotless, from the outside patio down to the restrooms.
Thanks for making our family event such a wonderful success.
Everyone left full and happy.
We will definitely be back!

I just wanted to throw an additional compliment Windsor's way because of the way they handled a situation a few weeks ago.
I made a reservation for 18 people for a triple birthday party and confirmed several times beforehand.
When we arrived, we were split into two tables close to each other but not really close enough to have interaction.
Disappointed by the set-up, I spoke with the manager inside.
In addition to genuinely apologizing for the situation, he promised to "see what he could do" and get back to me.
Sure enough, within minutes, he and his team cleared off a neighboring table and pushed it together with one of ours so we could all sit together and enjoy our delicious food and drinks.
They were also very accommodating when we needed to do separate checks at the end of the meal.
Ordinarily, I'm all about the food, but when service is this great, I have to say something.
Kudos, Windsor!

I'm used to going to brunch after 1pm so I guess you really couldn't call it brunch.
I had just gotten out of church when I received a phone call from my best friend W.  He asked if I want to go eat at Windsor.
I had never been to Windsor and, of course I complained because I didn't think they were going to give me enough food to fill me up.
Remember, I am a fatboy trapped in a skinny mans body.
He promised I wouldn't be disappointed.
As we pulled up to Windsor, my first impression as we walked in the door was WOW.
I feel in love with the way the place was set up.
As we sat down, a friendly waitress came and took our drink and appetizer order.
She brought the drinks but she never brought the appetizers.
Then she came back and took our order.
She brought out our food but never brought out the appetizers.
We asked about the appetizers and she said she was so sorry and brought over her manager.
The manager told us she was sorry for the mishap and would comp our bill $17.00 since they forgot to put in our appetizers.
I couldn't believe this place.
It was like heaven.
Needless to say, my meal left me full and satisfied.
The service was great.
The atmosphere was wonderful, and the staff was amazing.
I think I have found my new spot every Sunday afternoon after church.

I scored a date a few nights ago with a really fine looking woman and I knew I needed to take her somewhere special.
I was out of ideas for good food so I asked my sister in law and she recommended this place, so i rolled the dice and took her to Windsor, it did not disappoint.
The atmosphere was just right for a date, not awkwardly silent, but not too loud to have a nice conversation.
The menu was manageable, yet still had something for everyone.
She had the veggie stack, which sounds terrible to me and loved it.
I got the loaded chips, a hot dog, and macaroni and cheese (I felt like eating like a 9 year old... an overweight 9 year old).
It was delicious.
The service was great too, not one thing to complain about.
I give the credit for this successful date to Windsor.
Needless to say I have already locked in another date.
I will be going back.

I've been here 3 times and it has never faltered once.
Great food at great prices, and an exceptional staff.
I love the Windsor Burger with the sautéed carrots and Barrenjager on the rocks.
What a beautiful mix.
I suggest this for anyone on any occasion

We usually hang out at Windsor for appetizers and drinks.
I don't love the menu for a full meal; its mostly salads and sandwiches.
The kabobs with Gold dipping sauce are fabulous!
The cocktail menu is also awesome.
Try the 63 - Bourbon and Grapefruit juice.
It changed my life!
P.S.
Not sure what Traci A. is talking about - I've never found the facilities to be anything but clean.

I've been hearing a lot of good stuff about Windsor (especially from my biz partner who is OB-SESSED), so finally hit it up for afternoon cocktails and nibblies last week.
Pretty impressed.
Nice selection of beers (with $5 pitchers of Stella on HH!
) and tasty munchies.
We shared the Charcuterie platter which was abundant & well worth the $12.
The pickled veggies are delish!
We also split loaded chips (or whatever they call them).
Tasty and filling.
The bathrooms are unisex & shared with the conjoined ice cream parlour.
Whoever designed them needs to come to my house.
I LOVED them!!
The staff was awesome and very easy on the eyes, as well as attentive and friendly.
The outdoor patio is divine and perfect for AZ weather.
I'll be back again soon!

Of course Windsor is good!
Almost, yes almost, as good as Postino.
My big gripe was the fondue, which was just bleh.
And I'm not the only one who's felt that way.
Our last waitress said they hadn't had complaints about it "lately," so they might have fixed it.
$5 for an awesome cocktail, glass of wine, or 2-pint-pitcher of a decent beer selection has me using Windsor as a starting point fairly often on the weekends.

One of my top favorite restaurant in Phoenix!
It is right across from Postinos and has a much better menu in terms of variety.
The greatest thing about Windsor is there sides.
They are all $3 and are REALLY tasty!
We always get the Fried Okra & Chilled Bean Salad both SO GOOD!
My bf loves the Jo's Church Potatoes & Mac & Cheese.
These are all $3 so you can try tons of them!
Better than apps in my opinion.
My next on my list to try is Chopped Kale Salad mmm.
Ok so to the meals, since I'm a veg I always get Mixed Grain Salad (Black quinoa, kamut, pearled barley, roasted butternut squash, oven dried tomatoes, carrots, zucchini, baby beets, currants & ricotta salata with orange basil vinaigrette --- all this for NINE DOLLARS!
) My bf LOVES the Porkwich $12 (Pulled pork, Tenderbelly braised ham & smoked bacon layered with gold sauce & crunchy coleslaw on a buttermilk bun).
He has tried a few other things but he always says this is the best.
They have wine on tap if you don't want a bottle, I usually get a glass or two of Palmina, Pinot Grigio, Santa Barbara - really good even if its "on tap".
Overall GREAT restaurant, staff is always friendly.
Usually packed which makes it even funner :)

Everything I tried so far has been great!

Went their with friends on Thursday night--not too busy at 7 p.m. when we arrived.
Friendly greeting and went to bar to wait--she was willing to seat us even though our other couple was about 20 minutes late.
We said no--nice bartenders.
Excellent Hoegarden wheat bear--we ordered 2 pints but wish he'd said get a pitcher-better deal.
Food--nothing special here.
Pulled pork sandwich had about a tablespoon of coleslaw, bacon was overcooked/burnt.
Ham didn't taste anything special-best part was the pulled pork; serving of that was light Mac and cheese not much flavor but at least it was warm.
Partner had hamburger--he gave it a pretty good but his hash brown thing side dish he said was undercooked.
Friends had fish sandwich and ribs--nobody raved.
Service was really great and friendly all around.
Would we go back?
Not sure--was not all that memorable.
Maybe our expectations were too high.
At least the sides were included with the main.

There is not much I don't like about Windsor.
The decor hooked me immediately, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the vibe is just a good one.
I have had the cheddar fondue twice and I love the pretzel bread.
The porkwich is amazing.
The mac and cheese is ok, not the best, but better than most, and the church potatoes are a nice change of pace.
The fact that you can round out your experience with a trip to Churn makes this a regular on my list of favorites in mid town.

The cocktails, "shorty" versions of beer on tap, and great happy hour specials make this a great place to chill out mid-day and have a few drinks, especially if you are sitting outside.
I've only had one appetizer there, the loaded chips, and they were great-tasting at first, but were a little ambitious with the ingredients--definitely overpowering.
There were a few menu items I wanted to try, but on second glance, they also look a little too ambitious, so I have a feeling the taste is going to be too rich.
(I cannot eat everything I like as I get older...major bummer!
)  The ambience is a happy medium between a place to chill with friends or have a dinner date.
Everyone who's assisted me here has been superior--especially Rob the bartender.
They should get 5-stars based on service!

I love the beer selection, the service is great, and it's a beautiful spot.
On a mild Phoenix day when they have all the sliding doors opened up its a great place to hang out.
The happy hour isn't bad either.
That being said the food just seems "meh" so far.
I just can't really get into it.
I've been there a few times and I'll probably keep going back but I haven't found anything yet that I just can't wait to bite into.

-1 star for price  Had the Porkwich, which was amazing, and messy.
The mac and cheese could use more cheese flavor.
Great atmosphere, great location.

So.Freaken.Tasty.
I FINALLY convinced the hubs that even though the parking situation here is bleak (we earned this from going to Churn a few times) that we should give Windsor a shot.
Upon pulling up to the valet we learned it was free (Tips only) Woot!
There were 5 of us and we were starved.
We ordered 4 apps!
We got the pretzel with the cheese dip, it was pretty nom worthy.
We also got the corn dog poppers, they were ok, I wish the breading was more dense like the breading at the fair.
We also got the chips, pretty dang tasty oh and also the kabobs which were good, nothing amazing but not terrible either.
Next up the food.
A friend and I decided to split two items so we could taste test.
I got the pulled pork sandwich and he got the burger with the caramelized onions.
Both were great though I favor the burger over the pork.
We also had 5 pitchers of STELLA!!!!
Stella on tap is pretty rare!
So excited about that!
we will for sure be going back to Windsor!

If I remember correctly, all my times at the Windsor I would regale with utter pleasing song and dance.
This is by far one of the stores I keep in my monthly rotation .
I usually visit during the HH time.
Just cause it makes sense, due to there extended HH times it makes it very easy to visit during those time where my scheduled needs to be flexible.
The 5 times I have visited it was enjoyable.
I cant say even think of a con worthy of noting.
Well Done Windsor.
NOte: If you are reading  a grip of reviews, I am sure you noticed the parking here is for the diligent and patient.
Good luck trying to find a parking spot in the parking lot.
This only adds to the persevered intimacy and inclusiveness.

I drove by this place 3 times yesterday trying to find it.
They need a much more improved way of advertising there business.
I came here yesterday during a working lunch.
My first thoughts while walking through this place was gastropub.
The set up and the decor all suggested my initial thoughts.
After glancing over the menu I decided my decision was conclusive.
We decided to sit outside because let's face it one of the pros of living in Phoenix is that you can have lunch outside in January.
It was a beautiful day.
My counter part ordered the Reuben sandwich, which actually looked pretty darn tasty.
I ordered the Windsor burger, topped with caramelized onions and cheese.
Even though my burger was overdone to my request of rare I still ate it anyways because 1.
I don't like to waste food, and 2. it was still pretty darn tasty.
The french fries could definitely use improvement though.
They were just blah.
As far as service goes, my server was a pimp!
Very charming and pleasing.
Although it did go a little overboard with the attentiveness of filling up water glasses constantly, not by my server though.
All around I had a pleasant experience with Windsor and if I'm ever in the area again and want to get a solid bite to eat, I wouldn't hesitate to come back.

They had me at Pappy Van Winkle.
I wish money grew on trees.
Actually, I wish there was no such thing as money and Pappy flowed freely from my faucet--I just assume money growing on trees is a more likely scenario.

I came back for my birthday.
In order to celebrate in true Maribeth fashion, we ordered pretty much everything on the menu.
I'm not exaggerating here.
Everything was good.
EVERYTHING.
You seriously cannot go wrong with anything on the menu and I am a picky eater.
They were accomodating to our party of 12 and on top of bringing drinks and food in a timely manner and they were packed that night.
The staff was always friendly and never looked a bit stressed or flustered, which you sometimes get at busy restaurants.
This place is top-notch!!
The first time I was there, I provided my email address to get updates and they sent me an email on my birthday that I could get any dessert for free next door at Churn.
So awesome!

I came here about a month ago, just randomly on a weekend, because we were looking for a decent breakfast/brunch place.
Luckily, this place was listed in my bookmarks.
The food menu is not huge but it covers the ground in terms of variety.
Their beverage list actually seemed longer.
Anyways, we ordered the deviled egg dip and chips and Russian roulette for appetizers.
The dip was amazing and the mix of peppers in the russian roulette were great.
I suggest taking a small bit to test the peppers if you're not sure.
For entree, we ordered the Veggie Stack and  Porkwich.
Again, another hit and the veggie stack was a pleasant surprised...it was relatively healthy and tasty.
We had a few of the sides but the only one I remember is the mac n' cheese.
If you come here, GET IT!
It is some of the best mac n' cheese I've had in a long time.
For dessert, you can just head next door to Churn with is an old school ice-crean and candy shop.
The prices were on the reasonable/slightly expensive side.
For the food and service, I will definitely be making a drive back to downtown PHX soon.

Great food, bar, service, prices, atmosphere.
Waiters will bring over ice cream from next door.
One time, they gave us cookies that they haven't sold for the day.
The food is great comfort food.
The macaroni and cheese or ruben sandwiches are both amazing with a delicious draft beer.
It's a great date spot because of the slight conversational noise (but it's not annoyingly loud) and the 80s and 90s music they play is always interesting to listen to.
I'll come back again and again.

I love this place, the ambiance, the food, the drinks, and PRICE!, The employees are amazing... Manuel Pena was a great bartender :)....

Tried Windsor last night for the first time.
I was having dinner with a friend and she really wanted something with a patio dinning area because of the awesome weather we've had all weekend.
Thanks to some fellow reviewers we stumbled upon this place and thought we would give it a try.
Well worth it!!
The outside seating section was excellent and got crowded just after we got there around 6:00pm.
Unfortunately their happy hour ends at 5pm but both their beer list and cocktail selection looked outstanding.
For starters, we tried the Cheese Fondue appetizer with Pretzels and Apples.
Amazing!
Very creaming and tasty, could have been an entree on its own if you were in the mood.
For dinner I had the Porkwich, it combines bacon, pulled pork, ham and coleslaw a top a Kaiser roll.
Very Tasty!!!
All of the pork was tender and the crunchy coleslaw added to the various flavors.
For the side dish, I had to try the Mac n Cheese.
A bit more cheese and less bread crumbs would have make them perfect but you can't have it all.
It was all mighty delicious.
We didn't wander over to the ice cream parlor next door but maybe next time.
Yes, it is bit pricey but seemed to be well worth it.
Their happy hour does run all week long including weekends.
Alos, make sure you look for street parking in the neighborhood next to the restaurant before surrendering your car over to Valet to save a bit.

Hands down one of the best restaurants in Phoenix.
We were ecstatic to hear of this opening as we were frequent diners at Postinos.
Everything we have ordered has been fabulous.
Their specialty cocktails are a perfect blend.
They always have different beer selection that is wonder.
Their service is top notch!
If you are looking for some home cooking and great service give Windsor a try!

Went there for the first time.
I shared a crab cake sandwich, which was ok, and a Reuben sandwich, which was very good.
Also shared a side of okra and mac and cheese, which I couldn't get enough of.
The atmosphere is very chicago-like, and our waitress was a doll

I love this place!
Wish there was one in the East Valley.
Here's a tip:  Ceviche and the No.
29.
Thank me later.
Plus, it's just cool as hell.

I have a special place in my heart of this location since I worked as a florist there when it was a flower shop.
The ambiance is great with the nice patio, cool bar and fun wall of tapes for your walk to the restroom.
The food is amazing!
and very good service even when it's packed.
A def must!

I can pretty much sum this place up in one word.......mmmmmm.
Ok, not really a word, and, of course, I can't really leave a review at one noise, but seriously....mmmmm.
I could eat this food all the time...except then I would be super fat, so I won't, but the point is that I could!
I went here on Monday night for my sister in law's birthday/anniversary party.
We had a large group of at least ten people.
Our waiter, Rodger, was great!
He was very attentive, kept our waters full, and even remembered everyone's order correctly without writing it down...pretty impressive stuff.
I ordered the steak frites, but because we were such a large group, I got to try a bunch of menu items.
We started with the fondue (soooo good....I wanted to eat it straight with a fork), the loaded chips (?
), also very tasty, and the mini corndogs, good, but not as good as the other two.
My steak was delicious, it had an herb butter on top and was cooked perfectly.
The fries were crispy and perfect.
The BF got the burger with church potatoes.
The burger was a pretty standard burger....not something I would come here for specifically, but the church potatoes were pretty good.
I tried someone else's ribs.....EXCELLENT!
The bbq sauce was spicy and sweet...the meat fell off the bone...this is something I would definitely recommend.
I think our table had (possibly) one of each entree and everyone raved about the food.
I would definitely come back here again.

first of all... happy hour every day.
how could you go wrong with that?
especially when they have a great selection of beers (domestic and craft from the area) that come in pitchers for just $5.
awesome.
service was outstanding.
everyone was extremely friendly and i was impressed that the manager was so involved in the operations.
he was extremely nice and helped us get settled in to the restaurant (we apparently came in the wrong door) and even sent us over a complimentary pitcher because he felt bad that we were wandering around for a minute or two trying to find the entry kiosk.
so unnecessary but totally nice and really just impressed the boyfriend and me.
food was freaking delicious!
i had the burger and it had to be one of the best i've had since moving to AZ.
it was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and came on a bun that was just the right size to contain all the juicy deliciousness.
the fries were also outstanding... extra crispy on the outside but soft and happy on the inside.
we also had the deviled egg dip for a starter.
it was like a picnic in my mouth.
another great thing about this place is Churn next door.
how could you go wrong ice cream?
i can't wait to come back here and try out the amazing patio for a Sunday Funday.

Windsor has gotten 190+ reviews (almost ALL good) in the short time that it's been open, so that should already say a whole lot about the place...
I can't believe I put off coming here for so long.
What can I say that already hasn't been said about this amazing restaurant?!
My wife and I met some friends here and sat outside since it was a beautiful day out.
The patio is clean and decorated in a simple yet stylish manner.
Inside you'll find a beautiful bar and the famous "cassette tape" wall leading to the bathrooms and the creamery Churn.
The food and service are both top notch!
We started with the Russian Roulettes which was basically a bowl of sauteed peppers... most were pretty mild, but the dish came with the warning that you may stumble upon a HOT one... (thus the name) The porkwich is probably my new favorite sandwich... seriously.
EVER.
The cocktail list here is really impressive, and changes often!
However, they are numbered, so if you don't see the one you want on the menu, you can still order it by number and they'll oblige!
I'll just say it, this has got to be my favorite restaurant in Arizona now!

This is one of those places that I wish you son of a bitches did not know about!
Just kidding, that is what makes this place is the cool peeps (unless I cannot get a table)!
When we arrived, did not want to valet, so we drove to colter and walked over.
Cardio complete.
Had the honor on a Sunday for brunch with a homey.
OK, this is what Sunday Funday really is!
$5 pitchers of beer (good stuff - get at least 2.5 beers outta one)!!!
The Bloody Mary Bar was in full effect and so here is what we ate...  Apps - Gotta have the Corn Dog Poppers, I mean your drinking beer!
They were excellent!
Main Meal - Backyard Burger Windsor Style, Buddy had the Picnic Kebobs - Chicken, pork, shrimp, & mixed veggie with spicy pepper dip.
All really tasty!
I mean really good!
All the food looked really good and my neighbors at the bar were nice enough to give us their favorites list for our next trip.
Look forward to a patio table next time and a chance at the Ceviche!

I met some friends here for brunch which is a recent undertaking for these folks.
I liked the atmosphere.
The service was great.
Maybe a bit pricey but not out of line.
I ordered the crab cake Benedict and it was absolutely delicious!
I wish I had not been going to run machinery afterward as I would have liked to try their Bloody Mary bar.
I did get to try their sausage gravy, ordered by 5 of our party, and did not care for it but those that ordered it loved it.
I also got to sample the pancakes with strawberries and mascarpone and it was tasty but I thought the pancake was a little on the spongy side.
I had heard about the parking problems and parked at the shopping center just a couple of blocks away and walked over.
As it gets better known this will definitely be a hot spot for weekend brunches.

Thursday night dinner for business.
Server was spot on and food was perfect, really could you make the Mac and Cheese better?
I think not!
Here is where things went classy, during our dinner they sat a table of 8 adults and a 2nd table of 6 children.
As parents we understand, but maybe Windsor 7:30 on a Thursday might not be the best environment for the kids, because kids like to run around.
Instead of acting like the kids weren't there, the manager brought over another side of Mac and said thank you for understanding.
He didn't say anything about the kids, but it was understood and it was classy.
To top it off when we did get our check, we noticed a generous reduction- again it was something that they didn't have to do, but it is something that we will remember.
we will keep going back!

This is my favorite neighborhood spot, hands down.
The bar staff is ALWAYS friendly, the patrons are always friendly, and the food is always  really good!
To be fair, they have a limited menu, but that's what makes them good at it...
The attention to the little things exceed what you might find elsewhere... And when you do find a flaw, you really are happy to overlook it because they excel where others don't even try.
They make you feel welcome and as if you're at a friend's place, rather than just a turn and burn restaurant.
They actually love working there and you can tell... Lots of regulars in the place, and yes...
They will get to know you, and your drink order pretty quickly.
Today, I tried the Matador off their New Brunch Menu, which isn't posted on their web sight yet, but I'll post from a pic on their Facebook page ("like" them to get some great heads-ups on specials, etc.
) and it was great!
A friend kept eating bites off my plate too, but I really couldn't complain as it was THAT good, and there was definitely enough to share.
Other meals I've had and enjoyed include the ribs, the corn dog poppers, the Fish sandwich, the Porkwich, and the loaded chips... All pretty unique in their own way and more than satisfying.
I also love that I can go here for their mini pitcher of Odell IPA for 5 bucks, or just 7.50 after happy hour, where some places charge that much for just one beer.
They also have a get set of house cocktails that are all made with fresh juices, herbs, purées, etc.
The Pimms pitcher is an excellent alternative to a Bloody Mary... For which they also have lots of great fresh ingredients!
Not sure what to eat or drink?
Sit at the bar and anyone of their staff will be more than happy to go through what they have as well as take the time to get to know your likes/dislikes so they can make educated suggestions for you from what they have to offer.
The crowd at brunch was a great mix of young adults, small families, professionals, seniors and hungover hipsters... All of whom seemed to enjoy the people watching complexity of it all.
And like I said, everyone feels very welcome and at home here.
The restaurant doors open fully to join their patio to the bar on one side giving a great open feel even while sitting inside.
Though, if you arrive after dark, you are likely going to be on a wait for a table or seat at the bar as it's a popular watering hole for the night life as well.
Like many other Central Phoenix restaurants it has complimentary valet during busy hours so bring some cash for the attendants who are also just as friendly and will save you from having to walk blocks from other public parking.
Locals will also love that it's definitely  bicycle friendly and has often been popular with biking for beers enthusiasts... And light rail pub crawls!
:)   Check it out for yourself...
Sit out by the 70's retro fireplace, the bar, or a high back leather booth with a friend or two, or just go to make new ones.
Coco, Matty, Australian Rob, James, and Claire are some of my favorites to recommend to friends there... Oh, and if yore a tequila fan, try the Del Maguey Chichicapa Mescal, served neat (no lime, salt, or ice)...
But SIP IT SLOWLY!
It's like the best scotch and tequila got together in a night of bliss and created an awesome little bastard ;)   Cheers!

This is THE neigborhood spot!
We love, love, love everything about it.
It's been open a year or so, and we already have those cozy warm feelings like it's our second home.
The cocktails, the fish sandwich, the peanut butter ice cream at Churn -- heaven everytime.
The staff is beautiful, yet unpretentious...a delightful combo!
As a side bonus, I stopped by last week and asked the manager if they might be interested in making a donation to our school's fundraiser.
I'm sure they get a million requests, and I was happy to get a call back 48 hours later that the gift was ready.
A great restaurant that also gives back to the community.
Bonus points!
Go, go, and go again.
If you live within a few miles, hop on a bike and cruise down.
Makes the peanut butter ice cream not so sinful.

The first few times I went to Windsor, I didn't love it.
There was nothing wrong, it was just...
I think this place is a guy hangout.
It feels masculine.
Not in a sports bar kind of way, but more like a place two friends that are guys regularly go to have a beer that don't want to drink bud light at a dive.
Over time, the $5 pitchers of beer before 5pm have won me over.
In addition to the great happy hour, they make some pretty spectacular drinks.
The Number 17 is so refreshing.
Manny is a fabulous bartender.
They also have a few vegan food options - a sandwich and a mixed grain salad in addition to some sides.
All have been fresh and tasty.
I love that during nice weather they can open the place up, and the patio is great.
The bathrooms are pretty cool as well.
The parking is the real drawback.
You either have to valet, which fortunately is complimentary, or try to find a spot on the residential streets that won't end up getting you towed..
Overall I give Windsor a 3.5-4.0 stars.

Go.
Ask for a table on the patio when the weather's nice.
No choice but to valet park so bring some folding money with you and don't be put off by all the suits if you come for lunch.
The vibe is upper crust but it's casual.
Try the Russian Roulettes, but don't order the Fatoosh salad with the salmon which is smoked on premises unless you never want to eat any other salad again.
It's that damn good.
Windsor is also the home of one of the best Arnold Palmers that you'll enjoy at a restaurant in Phoenix.

You never go wrong with Windsor or Postino.
You simply can't beat daily hh till 5pm and good food.

I'm happy to say that I really like the Windsor, which is interesting since the same people own Postino's.
The food is yummy and the kale salad is quite tasty.
The waitstaff is nice and friendly and I feel welcomed.
Thank God because i was getting bummed out about living in this neighborhood with so many food places around and not having a great place to go!
This is not the case here:)

I found this place to be a gem for a Casual Drinker such as myself.
I Love The #1!
Calmer on a Wednesday after work.
And a Joy on Sunday FunDay with the boys.
Brought My Partner's Parents here for a little southern delight and they enjoyed the POTATOES!
WooHoo  I totally forgot the CrabCake Sandwich had a kick to it...
It was a little too much of a kick for "Moms In Law"...
But the wonderful staff was quick to correct with a light sampler of the other items on the menu for her to feel comfortable with.
It was a Wonderful Night!
Thank You Windsor Staff!
Only one thing I would recommend.
More samples of the SWEETS from Churn... Haha the BANANA ice cream was oh so good.
The late night run over to just have a scoop are so fun.

I love Postinos, and I love Churn, so naturally Windsor has been on my list for awhile.
Finally got to check it out and I must say, can the savvy folks that own these establishments do anything wrong?
Windsor was a win.
When we arrived there was a wait, but  the cocktail servers quickly had drinks in our hands ( a 17 and a 63) and we wondered around  the patio area.
The wait flew by as we took a walk down their musical memory lane in the form of the hall covered in cassette  tapes and were told by the friendly hostess that our table was ready.
We sat down in the dim dining room, the atmosphere was fun and light hearted, and our server was there with some water.
She was kind and attentive, and brought us more drinks ( a 22 and sean minor pinot noir) and took our orders.
We opted for appetizers that night, The charcuterie (loved the assortment of picked vegetables), the Deviled Egg dip (this one caught our eye, and glad it did!
), and the loaded chips ( good, not the best we had that night, but good).
Overall we had a great time at Windsor, there was a little mix up with my credit card and another tables tab, but the server caught it before she even set the card down and fixed the issue before it ever became a problem.
Great night, we will be back.

Went here last night with a party of six.
They don't take reservations for parties less than 8 so we had to wait about 20 minutes.
It was pretty busy for 8pm on a Sunday night.
The one standout thing about this place is the service.
All the workers are friendly and go out of their way to help you.
Also, the manager (I think) was just walking around and noticed that the steak of one person in my party had been undercooked (not raw, just not they way it was ordered).
The person didn't have a problem with it and didn't say anything but the manager somehow noticed out of the corner of his eye and offered to remake it then took it off the bill.
It really was outstanding service.
All the food that I had was very good.
Its not phenomenal food but is very good nonetheless.
Burgers, salads, sandwiches, etc.
It's just basic bar food stepped up a notch.
I just wish I lived closer to this place so I don't know when I'll be able to make it back.
However, if I'm ever in the area again I know you really can't miss with this place with it's great atmosphere, excellent service, and solid food selections.

Great food & outstanding service.
I love, love love the Crab cake sandwich, the Hong Kong and Fattoush salads.
The servers are friendly, helpful & knowledgeable.
I am usually fortunate enough to have Lisa as my server, & let me tell you they don't come any better than her.
It has become my go to place!!

They offer weekend brunch now!!!!
Donut holes, eggs benedict, biscuits and gravy.
Life at the Windsor is lovely.

Liked the feel of the place and its hipster vibe.
Food was good and patio was really friendly

Zero complaints!
I'm 7 months pregnant and the bartender made me a super-fancy cucumber/ginger concoction so I could feel like I was part of coctail hour - seriously one of the best cocktails I've ever had, liquor or no liquor!
I HIGHLY recommend the brown bag chicken sandwich; the addition of hazelnuts and blue cheese absoultely makes it.
The mixed grain salad definitely lives up to the hype.
And Jo's Church Potatoes (we call these funeral potatoes or Mormon potatoes in Salt Lake) were to die for (haha, get it?
to DIE for?
Funeral potatoes?
never mind).
I can't wait to go back post-baby and try some of the fabulous boozy drinks!

My new favorite place!!!
LOVE IT.
Service staff amazing and food creative.

Visited Windsor last night for the 1st time.
Excellent!
LOVE THIS PLACE!
It's got a good urban bistro atmosphere.
Seating inside or out.
It was Friday a little after 5:00 p.m. and the place was packed.
The wait for a table wasn't long and both the bartender and server were very good.
Our beers (Stella Artois on draft) were cold and refreshing.
We started with the loaded chips with bacon and they were so darn tasty!
I had the brown bag chicken sandwich since someone here on Yelp recommended it (thanks Jessica W.).
Sandwich was large and the chicken was so tender.
My side was kale salad (never had kale salad before but now I'm hooked).
Husband had the crab cake sandwich.
He said it was excellent and his cole slaw was the best!
I CAN'T WAIT to go back!
Good job Windsor .
see you soon.
Did I mention you can eat at the bar?
Good place for people watching and you can also see the chefs hustling back in the kitchen.

The brains behind Postino strike gold again with Windsor.
My wife and I thank them for introducing us to day drinking a few years ago.
$5 pitchers of craft beer and deep discounts on their wine get us everytime.
Odell IPA is my pitcher of choice and the missus gets whatever red wine that tickles her fancy.
Then the food...awesome.
The burger I had was perfectly prepared, delicious and huge but the "X" factor is the housemade steak sauce...order an extra side to dunk your fries in.
It's that good.
Those pepper things that are kind of like the lottery (there is one super hot one mixed that you can't visually identify but your mouth will let you know) are great and addicting.
Kale salad - top notch.
The building is another great renovation by the owners.
I'm no architect but it has a mid-century look that has been updated.
The outdoor patio is a blast, full of life.
Spend some time with the cassette wall on your way to the restroom, you're bound to find a band from your past.

I can't say enough good things about Windsor!
If I lived up the street I would be a regular twice a day.
I decided to show up for brunch this time.
They have the coolest Bloody Mary Bar with all the accompaniments from , fresh grated horseradish, horseradish sauce , pickled everything , onions, different hot sauces.
You have a choice between Red or Green Bloody Mary drinks.
The Red is traditional with a little kick and Green reminds me of Sofrito for some reason.
I really wish I knew the best way to garnish the Green Bloody Mary.
I had the Eggs Benedict, the sauce ham and poach egg was perfect.
I wish the English muffin and a little crisp to it , but it was still really good.

I love the $5 drinks and pitchers for happy hour.
The Ceviche is delicious and I like trying something new every time I go.
The patio is relaxing and enjoyable.
I celebrated my birthday there recently and we had a fantastic time!

I don't know much more to say to add to the other 216 reviews, but this place is pretty epic.
My mom and I decided to try out a new joint for my birthday lunch and I found this place via my Yelp iPhone application (win!).
This place is located on Central and Oregon (small side street) that we missed on our first attempt, but thanks to the Circle K reference sign, we found our way into the parking lot and found a spot without needing to use valet.
We ordered an iced tea while we looked at the menu and decided we were going to start with the Cheddar Foundue, I was going to have the Mixed Grain Salad and my mom was going to have the Crab Cake BLT.
Our waitress brought back our iced tea, we places our ordered, and then sipped our iced that turned out to be super tastey and was garnished with an orange.
We were already off to a good start!
The cheddar fondue came out next with the tea light candle heat keeping the, generous  portioned, cheddar cheese nice a creamy to dip our sausage, apple slices, and delicious scrumptious pretzel bread.
Anyone that comes here needs to order this app!
The Mixed Grain Salad and the Crab Cake BLT were both equally as enjoyable.
The sandwich came with three small crabcakes ontop of a toasted hoagie roll.
We chose the roasted veggies, that were doused in oil, but that's want made is so scrumptious!
The mixed grain salad was also scrumptious....but on the more healthier side!
:)  The restaurant  is decorated in super cute retro style and there is a very large patio, with misters, to enjoy lunch/dinner/happy hour on.
From beginning to end, our food (and drink) experiences were amazing and we will both be back really, really, seriously, really, soon!!

LOVE the fondue & pulled chicken sandwich!
Such a cute place, park across central down the side road if you can't park in their tiny parking lot!

My last review doesn't quite convey just how much I'm obsessed with everything about Windsor.
You guys, I have been here a sickening amount of times since discovering it only a few short months ago.
You don't even want to know.
Everything about it is so good.
I've never, not once, been disappointed with the service, food, drinks, or crowd.
I've been here with practically every one I know ("Oh you haven't tried Windsor yet?
WE'RE GOING.
NOW), and it's always a good time.
Quality and consistency go a long way, and they nail it here.
Anyway, I'm writing this second review because they recently started offering brunch on weekends.
And oh, is it freaking fantastic.
I think I've tried everything on the menu now and it's all so wonderful.
I'm not even kidding, the biscuits and gravy will change your life.
And the pancakes?
Ohhh, the pancakes.
The menu is varied so as to please everyone.
Vegetarian?
Order the savory and spicy Matador.
Health nut?
Order the quinoa!
Light eater?
Have the frittata.
Still a little drunk from last night?
Order a Bloody Mary and trick it out with as many pickled green beans as you'd like!
Done and done.
Cocktails are superb (no.
91, please), and the Bloody Mary bar is pretty rad.
The hungover-ed and church/family crown doesn't seem to trickle in until after 11, so if you're an early-ish riser you'll score a great patio table.

Very hip feel to the place.
The church fries were great.
Kinda a male vibe to the place, but me and my girlfriends felt very comfortable.
We will be back!

Reminded me of a smaller version of the Vig - Brilliant food, service and vibe.
The deviled egg salad dip was different, and we both loved the skewers.
I suggest you get over here real soon.
Check out the cassette lined walls near the restroom (I think some of those are mine).

Hi Windsor.
Wink.
I think I'd like to keep you.
This place gets even more wonderful every single time.
I've ventured into nearly all of the menu by now, and all of the items I want to try.
When there's a lot of different things on the menu that interest my tummy, that's a good thing.
Don't lose that part of you.
What's my favorite so far?
Probably the fondue for an appetizer and the windsor burger (no tomato) and church potatoes for dinner.
That seems to be the popular choice I make 80% of the time.
So.
What about the other 20%?
BRUNCH BITCHES.
Yes.
There's brunch now as if this place couldn't get any better.
Lovely, delicious, amazing brunch.
Brunch with $5 pitchers of drinks.
Brunches with some of the best biscuits I've ever had with my biscuits and gravy.
Brunches that left the large group of people I came with amazed and full.
The service is usually right on point.
The food is always incredible.
The decor I cannot seem to get enough of, and even though I am not a fan of having to valet, you make it complimentary.
And the valet people are pretty cool.
Is it sad that I'm nearly on a first name basis with them as well?
I beg you to stay, Windsor.
And challenge you to deliver brunch to my house.

I can't WAIT to get back to Phoenix again to explore this little gem a little further.
Fabulous food and cocktails abound.
LOVE the contemporary indoor-outdoor atmosphere; it almost makes you feel like you're in a REAL urban area.
Plus, the local crowd is a great mix and quite friendly.
Try sitting at the bar to do a little mingling (if you're so inclined).
We tried a couple of different cocktails, which were both simply fantastic.
Further, we tried a mixed grain salad, which was simply fantastic.
It was perfectly balanced and the orange basil vinaigrette was PERFECT.
If only all healthier cuisine tasted that damn good!
I'm sorry that we had already eaten.
Otherwise, I can't wait to sample some of their other culinary creatioions (which all looked fabulous).

Second time I have been to this place and I LOVE it!
It's a great, cozy atmosphere with friendly service.
We went for Mother's Day brunch at noon and were seated immediately upon arrival.
It was busy just not over packed with people on a wait.
My only complaint was the mimosa I ordered was more juice than sparkling wine.
So, when I requested a second glass I asked for just a splash of oj and they gladly accomodated.
We started with the cheddar cheese fondue.
It was SO good and I love the pretzel bread, apples, and sausage served with it.
For my entree I ordered the Brown Bag Chicken sandwich.
It was phenom!
I am so happy to find a shredded chicken salad that is NOT drenched in mayo.
I wasn't too crazy about the kale salad, it just tasted like, well, kale.
I will be back many times and look forward to exploring the menu!
Oh, be sure to check out Churn next door!

What I like about Windsor is its unpretentious style.
At the same time it has a great style, great decor for a small neighborhood restaurant.
I like that they have smaller portions (right portions.. don't be afraid you will leave hungry).
Patio is nice and interior is connected with Churn- a place where you get your cookies, ice cream and some fun stuff.
I really like the bar area.
It is large and old fashion in the good sense of the word.
what I would like to see at Windsor is seasonal menu.
changing 4 times a year.
After eating there 10 times you kind of run out of options.

love this place.
great atmosphere, casual enough, and great food.
great place for a date or just friends get together.
loved the salad with crunchy okra!

This restaurant has a cool atmosphere with nice outdoor seating.
Glasses of wine were okay (which is too bad since all the glasses are $9+) but the "pitchas" of beer are a pretty good deal.
The food was alright, but the service left A LOT to be desired.
Servers were slow and inattentive, and we had to consistently beg for water refills, which is a problem when you're sitting outside in 100+ degree weather.
I recommend skipping dinner at this place and just heading next door for ice cream instead!

Windsor has everything I want in a restaurant!
Fun & Tasty Menu Great cocktails Delish beer selection Outdoor Dining AND and ice cream shop next door!
I really love everything about Windsor, namely their ceviche.
It has knocked LGOs off the top of my list.
I love to go (when its cooler) and sit on the patio for their $5 pitchers.
(daily before 5pm).
I just wish I lived closer :-0 Keep it up, Windsor!

So, I really want to worship this place, but somehow can only muster 4 stars b/c the service was so poor this past weekend that it took literally at least 30 minutes before our server took our order and so long for our food to come out.
I didn't keep actual track, but it might have been a hour before we got our food from the time we sat down - and it was NOT busy.
There was a nice crowd, but still plenty of open tables, and no wait.
Food also is 4 stars.
I want to love it, but something is just not right.
My summer salad - new on the menu (yes, for summer)  - had too much of the overly acidic dressing.
The pulled pork which I got to-go on my first and prior visit was dry and bland.
I mean, how do you make pulled pork so-so when it's innately delicious?
Overall, still 4 stars b/c the ambience is oh so cool, the wall of audio tapes genius, outdoor patio inviting, and the kid friendly-ness of the place tops everything else.
You'll understand when you get kids...our other options are places like peter piper pizza.

I really enjoy the atmosphere and the food here.
2 problems with lunch today - flies were extremely prevalent and on numerous occasions our waitress forgot requests (lemons for water, straw for water, box for leftovers).
Granted they were busy and the food was outstanding (kale caesar with chicken + grille dchicken sandwich), but I felt like the cleanliness couldve been kept up better and the attention to detail for the service was lacking.
With that being said... i'll probably be back.

I have been going to Windsor since they opened.
I don't know why it is just now that I am writing this review.
This place does not, and never has, disappoint.
Just like Postinos they have the same drink special, $5 pitchers, special cocktails, and glass of wine before 5pm, but their menu is more extensive.
The menu is always changing, but some staples you will want to try are - Kale Salad (chopped or Caesar), Windsor Burger (if you get fries ask for the Gold Sauce for dipping), Ceviche, whichever platter they have in the starters, and the Pastrami Reuben.
When you are adding sides I would suggest the Jo's Church Potatoes (it is like hash browns mixed with mac and cheese), the Mac N' Cheese is great, and I am a fan of the Fried Okra.
Finish or start any of these with a pitcher, cocktail, or glass of wine and you will leave with a smile.
The Tape Wall is definitely worth checking out if you have never been here, it will bring back memories if you remember what tapes are.
Thank you Windsor.

Another great addition to Central Phoenix!
Stopped in for dinner last weekend with my wife and absolutely loved this place.
Pulling up it didn't look the big, but after the valet took our car and we saw the back patio, the bar, and the dining room we were quite impressed.
We sat in the front room which is great and you can't even tell that you're right on Central Avenue.
I had the Crab Cake BLT and my wife had the Picnic Kebobs.
Both of us found our food to be delicious and the service was fast and attentive.
I want to go back again and try the ceviche and some of the specialty cocktails.
I can definitely see hanging out at this place when I am home in Phoenix.

Came here after attempting to go to the Vig Arcadia (which was way too crowded with a 2 hour wait).
My husband's friend had recommended it.
We were both pleasantly surprised.
We had a 20 or so min wait so we grabbed a couple beers at the bar.
Score!
$7.50 for 2 pints of Stella.
I don't think we've had a beer that cheap since our college days.
The bartenders were really nice as was the hostess.
We were seated outside which is a very nice patio with misters.
They had a great playlist of background music which added to the candlelit ambience.
I wasn't too hungry so ordered the ceviche for my entree and my husband had the windsor burger with roasted veggies.
Omg.
Those roasted veggies were da bomd!
I was upset because I usually pick fries off of his plate....but these veggies were exceptionally tasty.
The ceviche was okay.
His burger was cooked perfectly and prob one of the best burgers in phoenix so far (more so than vinburger, smashburger).
Being this place is fairly close to home with a great ambience, fair priced drinks and good food, we will definitley be back!

I love this place!
Is a totally chill place to grab a bite or drink!
Our server last night Joy was amazing she is perfectly named !

Yes.
B-day dinner...
It was good.
All the sandwiches my table had were delicious.
I went with my family so i got to try everyone's food  (thats how we roll).
All the sandwiches had delicious and fresh ingredients.
I got the porkwich, and that one would say doesn't sound too delicious but i was craving some pulled pork.
The pulled pork + ham + sweet honey sauce/gravy they put ontop was so complimentary to each other.
It was like going to a concert and hearing an awesome 3 part harmony on your tongue!
Then the texture of the fresh coldslaw (which still had crunch) just was the high point.
Mac'n Cheese (MnC)...yess please!
that was my side.
It was baked...thats the way to go, had good texture with some crunch on top (yes i do like texture).
The cheese didn't over power.
It was a nice clean mac'n cheese, not sloppy and soaked with cheese.
It was a good balance, and very light for being a MnC.
The backyard burger...get it..  the whitefish sandwich...get it.
brown bag chicken sandwich...get it..  Other chicken sandwich...get it..  Rueben....not as good as the others, BUT i loved how the meat was soo smokey that it makes up for it.... get it, but its not like that standard rueben you'd get from a deli, so just know that and don't go in with deli standards.
all in all.
I love it and i'd come back..

I have been here several times and have never had a bad meal - all of there food is simply consistently good.
The mixed-grain salad with chicken is one of my favorites - but I also love the chiken salad sandwich, the burger and the reuban....now I just need to make it there in time for Brunch.
Thank you Windsor many pleasant experiences.

Ah, our first trip to Windsor.
Let me tell you it was an exhilarating moment filled with sunshine, rainbows, ponies, and joy.
My boyfriend and I discovered Windsor recently and decided we just had to try their brunch.
We enjoyed The Matador (foodgasm) and the Steel Cut Oatmeal.
The perfect savory meets sweet meal for two!
My taste buds could dance all day.
I enjoyed a warm soy latte while my man ordered a cocktail and of course, nothing short of delicious.
It was a Sunday morning so we expected it to be crazy busy but to our surprise it was slower, we didn't have to wait, and our food came out quickly.
Not too shabby for our first visit.
And the service was just dandy too.

This is everything I have ever wanted in any restaurant.
Our server was sweet, attentive, personable and fast.
And the food...Oh baby Jesus, the food.
I am typically no pork fan, but I ordered a pulled pork sandwich (with bacon and ham on it) and my boyfriend ordered the ribs...every bite was splendiferous for both of us.
Mac and cheese, church potatoes, chicken tortilla soup...all incredible.
Perfect.
The decor is simple, clean, slightly industrial and cute.
Very downtowny.
There was also a good mix of clientele and staff.
And you know when there's a good mix of customers, they are there because the food is good not because of 'the scene'.
House music is a slightly odd mix of things (Flaming Lips then Evanescence?
) but pretty good.
Seating was immensely comfortable and spacious.
(pro tip: sit in a booth or against the wall, you will sink right in)  Drink specials are off the hook.
A $5 pitcher of Four Peaks Kiltlifter?
I don't think you can even get that at the brewery itself!
Wonderful.
But seriously, the food here can best be described as "American comfort food" at it's finest.
The portions aren't obscene, but nor are they lacking in any way.
I left stuffed, satisfied, and beyond pleased with every facet of my experience here.
And with a little left over.
Also, valet parking is free since the parking lot is so tiny and weird to navigate.
I highly suggest you take them up on it and don't forget to tip :)

This is the second time we've been here and this experience was a bit better than the first.
The first time we went, both of our dishes were mediocre.
This time, I got the crab cake BLT and the boyfriend got the burger.
Both tasted really good (especially the burger) but the crab cake BLT left my stomach feeling a bit uneasy for the rest of the night.
The side roasted veggies were also tasty, but the fries could be better.
They were a little too hard for our taste.
The atmosphere is great and the staff friendly.
Maybe we'll try again sometime and get the burger again.

The happy hour specials seem great - but I missed it by an hour.
:(  We munched on the fondue platter.
The pretzels were pretty good, not sure about apples with cheddar, and the sausage was cold and weird tasting...  My friend got the crab cake blt sandwich.
It was a bit greasy.
The fries were almost limp and not salted enough.
The 2 drinks we tried were not the best.
The bitter orange(?
) one was actually decent, but wouldn't recommend if you don't like bitter orange.
It muted the alcohol taste which might also be a benefit.
All in all, I won't drag my feet if my friends want to come here again but I probably won't suggest it.

On our 5-year anniversary, I had hoped for a slightly better experience.
*Plus sides:  Fantastic fondue appetizer Great crumb-topped Mac n' Cheese in a cute silver dish Wonderful Blackberry Lemonade Servers were accomodating to our desire to change seats Charming and open concept patio Cute ice cream shop next door   * Down sides: 1) Valet parking almost gave me a heart attack.
First there was a long wait to get to the booth, where there were pedestrians meandering in the car line.
Then, once we passed off our car to the valet man, we heard an ear-piercing shriek coming from our car as it was being driven away.
My husband guesses that he did not pull out the emergency break.
It was a little scary.
Not a great way to start the evening, although I'm sure it was a mistake.
2) Interior a bit dark and overly masculine for my taste, especially where we were originally seated, crammed into a corner.
Hence the desire to be moved.
3) Music was not very enchanting.
Rather, it was a lot of early-2000's radio hits (think Nickelback or Linkin Park).
It did not match when we were seated in a fancy, beautifully-appointed outdoor patio.
I would suggest something lighter or more romantic.
So, overall: great food but the atmosphere needs a little work.

Atmosphere is fun, great cocktails, I recommend no.
Veggie options, good service.

amazing.
service phenom!

I have visited Windsor twice now and I would describe it as fun, trendy, and a little hipster.
The drinks are great, good combinations with fresh, unexpected ingredients.
I love the 80's soundtrack, my only complaint is that it was a bit too loud at night, so you had to scream to talk.
The food is very good, kind of a modern take on comfort food.
The brown bag chicken sandwich had a lot of flavor and the mac and cheese is done really well, just the amount of flavor and creaminess.
The crab cake BLT was very good as well, the cakes were mostly crab, very fresh tasting.

I do love the food and the servers are wonderful...during the week day, at lunch, the music was so loud that I could hardly hear my guest...the people at the table next to us commented as well....the lunch crowd is not there for cocktails and partying.
The music consisted of a heavy beat and electric guitar..not condusive to a nice lunch background music....went to Switch for lunch instead of Windsor..since the server at Windsor said he 'tried to tell the manager...but...".
Windsor should take a lesson from Switch regarding the background music...love the place and will try again but if the music is as 'heavy and loud', I will make the 'Switch'  and my guests the place for lunch!
Please wake up management and turn the music down for the lunch crowd...!!!

Wow.
I am not a fan of casual bar type restaurants yet this place completely won me over.
From the impeccable service to the fabulous food, all of us had a wonderful time.
I HIGHLY recommend the Mixed Grain Salad.
I was worried it sounded "too healthy" for my tastes but, luckily we had the world's best waitress and she recommended I get the Grilled Chicken Sandwich and to have the Mixed Grain Salad as the side.
MMMMMM!
The sandwich was really good but the salad was OMG out of this world!
Next time I will just get the salad.
Everyone loved their meals and the atmosphere was so relaxed.
Fabulous time and will definitely be back!

Is it possible to be in love with a fish sandwich?
I highly recommend the Banh Mi White Fish Sandwich paired with the chopped kale salad.
If I could give this place 10 stars I would.
My husband got the porkwich.
I guess if you're gonna get pork then go all out with this one.
It was good, but it was no Banh Mi White Fish Sandwich.
Go next door to Churn when you're done and support local businesses.
The only cons I have is the parking situation and the loud music.
There are so few parking spots and they go quickly.
I assume staff takes most of the spots which leaves valet.
I have no problem paying for parking, but I don't feel like I have a choice.

A GREAT alternative to Postinos (the crowded, loud, "popular" bar across the street).
Great bar, and knowledgeble, friendly bartenders.
This place looks like it was furnished out of a Ralph Lauren catalog... and that's GOOD.
And then there is the wall of cassette tapes.
It was a pleasure waiting on queue for the loo, because I found several tapes I once had in my first car.
Great prices for happy hour and the food is top rate for the price.

I've been here a number of times and have never been disappointed.
The food is wonderful, the service spot on, and the ambiance is first rate hipster :)  While I've eaten dinner here a couple of times, my favorite experience was for brunch.
The menu is limited but truly first rate.
I went with three guy friends and we couldn't believe how good the food was.
I had the Biscuits & gravy with sausage and it was the best I've EVER had-hands down (and I've had a lot).
The sausage is locally procured from Shriner sausages and it was off-the-hook.
I actually made a pilgrimage to Shriner to buy some to cook at home.
This place is becoming legendary, try it soon, you won't be disappointed!

The reviews accurately convey the general vibe and food at Windsor.
There was a small, but lively bar area and both indoor and outdoor seating for diners.
It's dark inside...that seemed a bit extreme after sunset.
The fondue is great.
I loved the pretzel bread that came with it.
The side street (Central Ave) sneaks up on you...so be on the lookout--especially if you are going there after dark!

Friends and I had lunch at Windsor last week and were wow'd by the delish food!
...but let's talk drinks first!
$5 pitchers (roughly 2.5 beers) from 11-5 - HECK YES!
Ok now onto food.
I had a burger windsor style - soooooo tasty and the burger was cooked perfectly.
For my side I had mac and cheese which was a nice original version with more of a white cheddar base and bread crumbs - also yum!
Everyone enjoyed their food and the ambience was nothing sort of trendy/hipster - a great place to catch up with friends!
I'd highly recommend Windsor :)

I would give this zero stars if I could.
RUDE staff!!!!

Let me start by saying that I am partial to staying in CenPho for food.
This place is right up the street from me so that I love.
Its got an amazing hipster ambiance.
And little touches of pizazz like the cassette tape wall and the boom box wall paper in the bathroom.
The patio is comfy at night or in the cooler months, and probably better for a larger group.
Yes, yes, I'm getting to the food.
I have been here with friends, with a dude, with my kid, by myself, cuz that is how I roll, and I have tried a lot of the menu.
Burger=BOMB.
pork was amazing, mac n cheese to die for, dang!
I can't remember what else I've eaten here but I have yet to have a bad experience.
Let me know what you think when you go!

This is hip and trendy eating establishment fills up quickly around lunch time.
I did not like the fact that the hostess attempted to seat my companion and I all the way in the back of the restaurant, passing up several unserved tables.
Nope, not on my watch.
We split the fish sandwich and a chicken sandwich.
I really really liked the fish sandwich.
The flavors were layered and intense.
The chopped kale salad was a nice alternative to a traditional garden salad.
The chicken sandwich was a little bland.
Our waitress was on top of it, I think her name was Lisa.
I was not loving the flies buzzing around while we ate, but what can ya do.

Favorite new bar in town.
$5 pitchers of beer and cocktails for happy hour?
Great prices the rest of the time?
Yeah, I'm sold.
Amazing food, better than you should be able to find at a local, laid back place at prices like this.
If its your first time, order one or all of these:  Russian Roulettes - sometimes mild, sometimes spicy roasted peppers.
Deviled egg dip - deviled egg, bacon and home made kettle chips.
Yes.
Porkwich - do you need a description?
PORKWICH.
Bacon, ham, pulled pork, gold bbq sauce!
Bring your cardiologist.
For sides, the Kale salad is insanely good, and their mac 'n cheese is enough to sate this m&c snob!

If you're a fan of Postino, you have to make your way to Windsor pronto.
The central Phoenix restaurant and bar is owned by Postino owner Craig DeMarco (and it's right across the street from the central Phoenix Postino), and the atmosphere and vibe are similar to Postino's.
Windsor also has an open dining room that extends to the patio, the lighting is also dim, and the servers are also hip.
There was a 30-minute wait for my party of two on a recent Friday night, and we sat in the indoor dining area, which overlooked the bar, which was bustling full of people and had standing room only.
The restaurant is located in an historic brick building, and it has a cool wall covered completely in cassette tapes that makes it feel even hipper.
For food, my pal and I started with the Cheddar Fondue ($11) off the mostly-American menu, which comes with pretzels, apples, pork, bread and sausage.
The pretzels were soft and chewy, and the portion was huge.
I would have preferred just the pretzels, though the apples and cheese were an interesting combination.
Definitely try that appetizer if you go-it was super-tasty.
For my meal, I got the Veggie Stack ($9), which was a pita topped with bean spread, quinoa, tomato, cucumber, avocado, radish,  corn and green goddess (I left the pickled beets off).
I thought the toppings were interesting both taste- and texture-wise, and that part of the meal seemed relatively healthy.
I paired it with some macaroni and cheese, which I enjoyed, though my pal and I weren't wowed.
Maybe it's because the cheese wasn't plentiful or creamy enough, but it was still good.
My pal had the Porkwich sandwich ($12).
He said he liked it a lot.

This place was very comfortable with some great food and wine.
The food we had was delicious, and service was always prompt.
Don't think my water glass ever got under half full as many times as someone would walk by and top things good.
The appetizer menu of various dressed chips is well worth an order.
Anything else on the menu for a entree is probably going to be a good choice.

Windsor is brought to you by Upward Projects, the team of superhero masterminds behind the much loved Postino Winecafes.
They sneak into our dreams at night and create restaurants inspired by our innermost wishes and dreamscapes of the perfect urban bistro.
At least that's what I thought when I walked into Windsor.
"Damn, they nailed it again.
I love this place.
They have got to be infiltrating my head.
"  Comfortable but cool interior, great patio, large bar area for some neighborhood camaraderie and a little food voyeurism, and a zigzagged wall that says "YES!
" in big red letters.
Know what I say to that?
You guessed it!
It's YES, btw.
The bartender deserves a gold star for being totally attentive, soooo friendly, and a bonus glittery star for being too darn cute.
Actually, all of the service staff were really, really nice.
Gold stars for everyone!
The mixed grain salad was just one more reason I will be returning ASAP.
I added smoked salmon and, holy moly!
It was like 4th of July in my mouth with all the flavor explosions.
I agree with some other reviews that a  couple of bites were a little overwhelmed by orange zest, but still loved the dish overall.
Seafood ceviche was scrumptious, but not quite revelatory.
The guy next to me ordered a pork sandwich that looked out of this world.
It also looked big enough to have it's own gravitational pull, and on second thought it probably did, because the entire bar area pivoted to stare, mouths agog.
He said  "shish ish sho schmood", and that's a good enough endorsement for me.
I'm coming back.
And I want that sandwich.
Nice wine and beer list, and some very refreshing sounding cocktails with all manner of blueberry this and lemonade that.
Wake me up.
I must be dreaming.

My apologies!
I thought I wrote this review weeks ago...  Windsor is great!
The words "Best meal we have had in a long time" came out of my mouth before we were even finished with brunch.
The boy and I met mom and dad at Windsor for brunch a few weeks ago.
It was hot out, but we braved the patio, their misting system is awesome!
So we were comfortable.
Oh before I forget we got a drink at the bar before sitting down and the menu is great!
several things for $5, I got a pitcher of some great concoction for $5, it was like 4 drinks in one, needless to say I got myself a little tipsy before noon.
Mom and the boy partook in the bloody mary bar they offer, they seemed to like it.
Something interesting I saw, they offer a green bloody mary, I think it's spicier than normal.
Hmmm?
Once we sat down we decided on a few appetizers, the deviled egg dip and corn dog popers.
The dip was fab!
I want to figure out how to make this shit at home and eat is on the reg!
The popers were good, nothing to write home about, but the fried pickles they snuck in there really made me happy!
We all got something different, me the Eggs Benedict and they were great, eggs were perfectly cooked and there was a heaping of ham on top, I tried my hardest to finish it all.
The boy got the Homemade Biscuts and Gravy, they put cheddar cheese in their biscuits, pretty much amazing!
and it came with Schriener's sausage double win!
Dad got grilled chicken sandwich (which I will be having next time we stop in, so obviously it was good) and he got a side of fried okra and mac'n'cheese.
I stool more than a few bites of each because they were just that good.
And finally mom had the Pastrami Reuben, mmmmmm yum maybe that is what I will have next time, I cant decide.
The service was great, everything was just awesome!
I wish I was able to go right now!
I'm hungry!

Have been three times and each was good, but by far, the best was brunch on the patio in March!
Best pancakes in town and happy hour prices, everyone needs a pitcher of Pimm's with their eggs!
Kale salad at lunch was a big serving, a bit of an overload.
Friend's burger looked delicious.
Love the bar, but it's pretty loud in the restaurant when it's full.

First trip to Windsor after driving by countless times and it did not disappoint.
I had the brown bag chicken sandwich with a side of mac'n cheese and it was absolutely delicious.
The service was fantastic which is a big factor for me in my star rating.
We were only there for a bite but it's definitely the kind of place I could hang out for a few drinks.
It looks like they have some pretty reasonable drink specials before 5:30 on weekdays.
Also attached is a candy/ice-cream shop so guys, if you're looking for a great date spot, Windsor will impress...guaranteed.

Try the Watermelon Agua Fresca, vodka and vanilla mint syrup.
What a cool refreshment on a hot phoenix day.
AND its only $5.00.
Our waitress was attentive and helpful.
And the brown bag chicken sandwich was yummy.
Really wanted to try a side of mac n cheese, but opted for the chopped kale salad.
What a nice surprise.
Healthy and tasty.

Awesome experience here at Brunch today.
This place was recommended by a friend, and lived up to all expectations.
We had the eggs benedict with crab cakes and hollandaise; and the el matador- wow!
The food was exceptionally good.
I really liked the decor inside too- especially the cassette tapes on the wall leading to the lavatories.
No negatives here!

What is the meaning of life?
Windsor.
With its sophisticated comfort food (gourmet mac & cheese, delectable chicken salad, and of course the infamous porkwich), amazing atmosphere, thoughtful decor, okay and the booze too, Windsor is where the Earth ends and the great infinite beyond begins.
It is where mere mortals can fuel up with the bread and wine of the Gods and experience greatness, if only for happy hour.
This place doesn't take itself too seriously.
The waitstaff have been carefully tested and selected to be the chillest, most zen people on this side of the great infinite beyond.
Nothing is a big deal.
You're gonna eat, you're gonna drink, you're gonna be merry.
No one is too cool or not cool enough, yet the place is ripped from the pages of the Awesomeness Times.
One of my most favorite details about Windsor?
Tucked away with the packets of sugar and Splenda you'll find cute little papers printed with an invitation to dispose of your gum in it.
There's really nothing they haven't thought of, to include having purse stands at the ready so you don't have to sit in front of your bag or drape it over the chair arm.
Details.
The answer to any question is always Windsor.
Try it.

Sometime long, long ago, I had a wonderful brunch at Windsor.
I remember it fondly.
A No 2 cocktail (vodka, peach puree, prosecco) times 2.
An amazing bloody mary bar, too bad I don't like bloody marys.
Warm donut holes with mascarpone and jam.
A fantastic breakfast burrito with Schreiner's sausage.
And more than one bite of my husband's strawberry pancakes.
Wouldn't have changed a thing, especially when the bill came and it was far less than I would have expected.
Big hug to Shannon M (and an unnamed former Yelper) for introducing us to this gem.

$5 pitchers before 5!
Great deal and love the atmosphere!

I met a friend here for brunch and it was absolutely delicious.
I highly recommend the Matador.
Things I would never have thought of to combine but it was absolutely delicious.
They also have a great bloody mary bar for only $5.
I would highly highly recommend this place.
You can sit indoors or out.
They have misters so even in the heat it didn't feel that bad.
The servers were attentive but not in your face so we were able to sit and talk without feeling like we were being pushed out.
Parking is difficult but they do have a free valet.

This place is great!
I have eaten here twice and have not been disappointed.
The bbq sandwich with pork belly meat is amazing and the hamburger was juicy.
The service is also awesome.
I love their wall of old school tapes.
Plus, it helps you can get fresh ice cream at Churn next door.

Great cocktails.
Good beer excellent food.
The venue is very casual and hip.
Fun place with fun people working there.

This place never disappoints me.
My sister introduced me to this spot, and she usually has the best advice.
I normally get the Veggie Stack with a kale salad and french fries.
Mmmmmmm.
So yummy.
The menu is a lil eclectic...from fried okra (when was the last time you saw fried okra on the menu and you weren't in the south) to a modified version of banh mi (vietnamese sandwich).
I have tried both, the banh mi is just okay.
Love love love this place though.

Was very excited to try this place out, so we went last night for a pre Birthday dinner with the family.
Very cool spot with interesting decor, the service was good but somewhere toward the end of dinner our waitress disappeared and another guy showed up and said he was taking care of us now so maybe her shift ended but it would have been nice of her to mention it.
I had the grain salad totally up my alley as I love all the ingredients but it totally missed the mark for me in taste and texture, taste was blah and I kept adding salt trying to improve it and the texture was so strange I finally handed it to my husband to eat and I was happy I had ordered the side of mac and cheese to have some thing to eat, tasted everyone's meals and all were good, sister got the fish sandwich and brother in law got crab cake blt not sure which had the fishy smell but both tasted good.
Everyone else had the porkwitch and that was good as well, husband regretted not getting the burger after he saw the table next to us receive there's and it did look pretty amazing.
The fondue was the star of the night with the amazing pretzels.
Drinks are expensive if you don't make the happy hour, beer is the only thing that is reasonably priced off happy hour.
Will give it another go but will definitely order something else next time.

Me and the bestie went here for brunch on a Sunday around noon.
We sat on the patio even though it was 100 plus degrees outside, the misters and shade kept us comfortable, but for those who can't handle the heat, the wait for inside was only about 15 mins.
We used the complimentary valet as parking is scarce, and hey, it was free and worth the $5 tip for the convenience.
I ordered the no.
2 drink (basically a Peach Bellini) and the simple life breakfast (2 eggs, homemade English muffin, fruit, and pork belly bacon).
Both were perfect and delicious!
The BFF ordered the Matador (Two eggs over easy stacked with griddled cheddar potatoes, a crispy tortilla, salsa verde & avocado relish) which she also said was super yummy.
We also had the No.
91 (Prosecco, House Blackberry Puree, Crème de Mure) and another fruit heaven concoction I don't recall the no.
of.
The service was stellar, quick and polite.
The drinks were sweet and tangy, cold, and refreshing.
During brunch, only $5 bucks.
Whoa!
They also have a good looking bloody mary bar which we didn't try but can't imagine could be bad!
I would recommend this place to anyone who will listen (or read).
The prices are great for brunch.
A must visit in Phoenix!

Great best place on central

I personally would go to Postino over Windsor, but this place comes in a close 2nd and with Churn the homemade ice cream right next door you cannot go wrong.
It's gloried "Pub" food, but much pricier.
The atmosphere - 10  Food - 8 Service 7 Price - 4  I think they are a bit pricey for what you get and wished they offered discounts on food  during their AMAZING Happy Hour and not only the drinks.
We usually end up with the Pretzel and Cheese Fondue and a Burger or Sandwich.
I love that you can also get Mac and Cheese as a side and not just fries.

Brown bag chicken sammich, mac n cheese, fried okra, and the bourbon drink.
Nuff said.

I am sticking with the original 3 star rating after having my Birthday dinner there last night with my husband.
Here is the good and the bad  THE GOOD 1.
The bacon cheese burger in my husbands opinion was the best he has ever had.
Ambiance, the place is a cool chill place to hang out for sure 3.
Cheep good craft beer on tap yum 4.
Manager removed my meal off ticket with out me even saying a word he just noticed                I didn't eat it and took it off.
How swell was that?
Hostess Ashley and the other girl working were attentive and helpful.
THE NOT SO GOOD 1  Jamie our server 2  Jamie for throwing the kitchen under the bus when she clearly forgot to bring us      our fondue, our entrees arrived at the same time and the fondue was cold.
3  Jamie for abandoning our table after the food came, she was never to be seen again       except to be socializing at the booth down from us when the bartender was eating,            some random girl working there, the manager, and the hostess all checked on us      but we never saw Jamie again at our table except to drop the check off BOO!!!
4  Jamie, we did not stiff her even though I wanted to,  we left her three bucks and       called it a night  Not sure we will be back, probably just stick to Postinos  the service there is always outstanding

We tried this place out after receiving a free appetizer coupon.
The restaurant is bigger than I thought.
We were seated promptly after arriving at 4:30 and learned that it was happy hour until 5:00 with $5.00 drinks, wine and beer.
We ordered two appetizers, ( I cannot remember the name of the appetizer) cheese/meat/veggie and also the pretzel fondue, which included pretzels, apples and kielbasa.
Both were excellent and filling - I had the cucumber drink and my husband had the watermelon drink (very refreshing!).
Excellent service and food - the only negative for some may be that it is very loud!
- Not a place for a romantic meal - if that is something you are looking for try - Aiello's across the street.

LOVED the Multigrain Salad (without the cheese) and my husband was blown away by the Bahn Mi.
The service was speedy and kind, the iced tea is tasty, the decor was nice.
We would absolutely go there again!
The only draw back was how loud it was so it is not the place for an intimate meal but I suppose you can't knock them for being popular.

My hubby took me here for my birthday this year.
We are huge fans of Postino Arcadia and didn't even know this place existed until a friend raved about it.
Decided to eat dinner at the bar, it gave off such a good vibe.
Bar service was excellent and the mojitos were very good.
The portion sizes looked big so we split the Banh Mi whitefish sandwich with a kale salad on the side.
Delicious!
Still hungry so we ordered the fried okra with ranch on the side.
It was just ok.
I did hear the side of mac n cheese is the best so I'll have to try that next time!
Really decadent salted peanut butter ice cream for dessert next door at Churn.
Solid good food in a relaxed, hip atmosphere (check out their wall of cassette tapes...I found Night Ranger and the Flashdance soundtrack).
Can't wait to go back!

This place has been on my radar for a while now and I was able to meet a girlfriend for dinner there last night.
The patio is fantastic and I look forward to enjoying a cocktail or two out there once the heat subsides.
All of the staff we encountered were extremely friendly.
Shortly after I put my name in for a table, a gentleman brought me an unsolicited glass of ice water.
I love little touches like that!
It is a bit loud inside but it seemed to quiet down a bit after the initial dinner rush.
I had the fatoosh salad which was delightful.
I added the grilled chicken which was cooked and seasoned wonderfully.
A few other reviews complained about the music but I rather enjoyed the eclectic mix.
Nothing like being mid-bite and suddenly remembering high school.
The other reviewers are correct - just do the complimentary valet.
The parking lot is wonky and it's so much easier to part with a same tip.
I should note the valets were also extremely friendly.
All in all, a great experience and I can't wait to go back.

Any restaurant that can get kale to taste so delicious has to be amazing.
The kale salad was delicious, on the side of the Brown Bag Chicken Sandwich.
So much flavor and so unique!
I tried my husband's Windsor style burger and I thought it was great...and so huge!
He only thought it was okay.
We had the cheese fondue as a starter and the cheese was to die for!
I could have used softer pretzels, but that cheese sauce just made me so happy.
I enjoyed the ambiance and entire atmosphere very much.
I'm happy :)

Definitely a decent brunch spot.
The parking lot is super small, but they offer complimentary valet.
I absolutely loved the verde bloody mary!
So delicious.
I think I'll go back just for that!
The food is good too.
Not amazing, but definitely really good.
I'd happily go back again anytime!

Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits): 9 Food 10 *Drinks* 9 Service 9 Atmosphere 9 Value  I'm always happy to go to Windsor.
Fantabulous $5 cocktails till 5pm coupled with the deviled egg dip thing and mmmmmmmmm.....
The roulette peppers are also fun, and I've enjoyed the brown bag chicken sandwich.
Their patio is pretty good but, for whatever reason, here I like sitting inside more.
They also have a bike rack which they've placed in plain sight of the patio, which is something we need to see more of in Phoenix.

Windsor makes quinoa taste so good, that I've started turning down things like pulled pork and mac & cheese.
Seriously.
Quinoa over mac & cheese, who gave me crazy pills?!
Seriously, I'd like to take them every day so I can continue to eat this healthy.

Stopped in again on the weekend.
The place is busy as usual and service was a little slow, although it looked like the staff was working their butts off.
We moved to the bar where we find we get a little faster service.
Had some nice cocktails and ordered a sandwich.
Just about when we decided that they must have lost our order, a staff member came out and told us we would be "comp" because they lost our order and our sandwich would be right out.
WOW, how is that for customer service?
We didn't expect to eat free, we could see they were busy and hey s__t happens.
We would have been happy enough with were sorry we will get it out.
Anyway it was very very nice of them.
The sandwich was so good too.
YUM, plus I love the chips.
Thanks Windsor you turned that around very nicely.

Food was great...service...not so much.
It may have just been a bad day for them...will give another chance.

I couldn't say enough good things about Windsor!
Whenever I get a chance to head out for brunch on a Sunday morning or a mid-week, spur of the moment lunch outing, Windsor is always top of my list.
For starters, one look at the patio and you'll realize what a thoughtfully put together place this is.
Brought to you by the man who made Postino a valley-wide hit, Windsor seems to have been carefully designed and artfully decorated.
The wall leading up to the bathroom is paved with cassette tapes: a nice touch.
The chairs on the patio, so I've heard, were salvaged.
What a great find!
I also love the cactus and succulent accents that dot the place.
Inside is a little dark, but has a bustling atmosphere that makes you feel like something exciting is going on.
I have yet to taste something on their menu that I don't like.
For the starters, I highly recommend the Loaded Chips and the Deviled Egg Dip & Chips.
I haven't had a salad there yet, but they all look fabulous.
For sandwiches, nothing can beat the Brown Bag Chicken Sandwich.
A little messy, but the flavors are hard to beat.
Finally, I also highly recommend the Veggie Stack, which is also impossibly messy, but so very healthy, filling, and best yet - tasty!
Cocktails are also terrific here.
I typically get a Pitcher of Pims, but sometimes I opt for a stronger drink.
The No.
17 (cucumber vodka, green tea syrup, fresh cucumber and mint) is a bit... syrupy.
I'm not a big fan of flavored vodkas, so maybe that's why I feel that way.
However, the No.
99 is really creative and has some interesting notes.
No.
06 is also sweet, but less than No.
17 due to the apple cider vinegar.
And finally, No 22 has got to be my favorite (even though is has a flavored vodka, ha!
) because of the intense fruity flavor added with the fresh blackberries in it.
I can't say enough good things about this place.
Go, go, go!
Service is super friendly, and so impossibly hip that no matter what a good hipster you purport to be, you'll feel dwarfed by their coolness.
They all seem to still be terribly nice people.
After you eat, be sure to check out Churn.

What a gem!
Found it on yelp tonight and tried it.
Started with the cheese app good, not as good as Arrogant Butcher but good.
Dinner and staff was excellent.
At one point my daughter and I comment on how nice the wait staff is at the same time.
Very kid friendly!

Met a friend for brunch and about died over how good it was.
All you need to know is the following:  1.
You can get a pitcher of Pimm's Cup.
A pitcher.
Best Eggs Benedict since the old El Chorro on Lincoln.
No offense to the new El Chorro, I just stopped going after you stomped all over your history with the remodel.
Griddled Church Potatoes  I am in LOVE with Windsor.
Probably going to eat there so much it gets weird.

I had been looking forward to Windsor for a long time and was surprisingly disappointed on my first outing last night.
Yes it's got a great vibe and all the cool hip people seem to be gathering there---at least for now.
However, waiting 45 minutes for a table at 7?
Ok fine, it is Friday afterall so I'll head off to the bar for a nice martini while I wait for a table and my friends.
Surprisingly again, it was the WORST martini I've ever had: slightly cold at best and heating up on the 3rd sip.
It was basically a semi cold cup of vodka w/ some washed out olive juice.
I had to ask a bartender for a cup of ice to get it cold again--- yikes.
When my friends met me they ordered wine and the pour was noticeably less than appropriate.
Hmmm.... Dinner was ok, service was ok but it did seem like we were doing them a favor.
At the end of dinner, a couple of us stayed to have a 3rd glass of wine and couldn't get any one to help us until we flagged down someone who seemed to be in a managerial position.
He again gave us a distinct attitude of condescending benevolence to the point that, when he left our table, we all broke out in laughter.
I don't know....it seems to me that the saving grace of this place is the crowd that's going there.
I wonder how long will that last with the trickle down attitude and message that we were all privileged to receive?

This was the first time I'd ever been there.
The atmosphere is stuffy and uptight.
Going to relax at the bar, which was close to impossible with the extremely little space and seating.
Staff was not terribly attentive.
Met some extremely rude regular customers, who were generally just pricks.
Never planning on returning if that's the demographic they seem to cater to.

This place is very cool!
I went here after work with a sorority sister for drinks on a Friday night.
Ended up staying for like 3.5 hours.
Fantastic atmosphere with outdoor and indoor seating.
Lighting is dim and intimate indoors with rustic seating areas and large booth perfect for groups getting drinks together.
The outdoor patio is sectioned off in a covered area with tables and smaller seats while an uncovered area hosted seating for peeps who rode their bikes in.
The drinks are pretty yummy.
If you're into fruity, girly cocktails there isn't much to choose from, but for a more mature, grown-u beverage, you're in luck.
Hit the happy hour (which sadly ends at 5pm).
It gets a tad loud and it difficult to tell the wait staff apart from the customers because they're all in street clothes but they're very attentive and sweet.
We ordered the fondu plate and it was great.
Pretzels, sausage, apples and the cheese... perfect for sobering up a bit from those yummy cocktails.

Love the mini corn dogs!
The best part is the outdoor seating area--nice place to relax and have some drinks.
The cassette wall inside is cool, the ice-cream parlor next door is delish so save room for dessert!
Will definitely go back

Beautiful patio seating, friendly staff and great food.
I cannot say enough good things about their pork products.
Best bacon ever.
Beer selection rocks.
It's become "the place" we take out of town guests.

We tried Windor on a recommendation of a friend and were not disappointed!
The food was so fresh and exciting.
It is so nice to find a neighborhood type place and not get stuck in the chain rut.
I had a salad that was amazing, I wish I could name everything in it but there was so much!
There were beets in the salad which I was very skeptical...I was so suprised at how delicious it was!
We enjoyed the Happy Hour prices for the mini pitchers, what a great deal!
Our 3 year old was with us so we popped in next door for some ice cream afterward and it also did not disappoint!

Really enjoyed the atmosphere here.
Nice and laid back!
We enjoyed our food; it was very fresh.
I had the soup.
I was told it was a black bean chili, but it seemed to be some sort of a tortilla soup.
It was very spicy!
I enjoyed it for a bit, but then it ended up being a little spicy for me overall.
The country vegetable chop salad was very good.
My favorite part was the breaded brussel sprouts (a nice surprise!

We had a bad experience last night.
We arrived about 6.00pm.
Party of 12.
I'll mak e this short and sweet and bullet point my review.
1)  Food,:  Ok  2)  Drinks: OK 3)  SERIVCE:OK .
With a few exceptions.
Our server felt it required to resight the establishments policy in regard to split checks in a very rude and corrective manner.
In short,  we where treated like children.
One statement she made rings in my ears..." OK, Well thats not the way we roll,  we dont do that.
I'll make an exception for this one gut...but thats it.!
"  " Is there anyone else ?
"  As she was ovbviousley very disturbed and put out!
I sat there and was shocked at her tone and delivery.
Then a few others at my table requested separate checks because they were leaving early.
I had just arrived and everyone had just been served.
I saw no reason not to get a separate check.
She then became very upset and said,  "OK,  we dont roll this way.
In the future we cant do this, I'm just saying.
OK?
She was tototally out of line.
From there it was a disaster....DOWN HILL.
When accepting large parties and establishment needs to state policy in writing or verbally on the phone or at the beginning of presentation.
I am willing to give WINDSOR  another try because another server saved the day in the end...but it was very embarrasing for all involved.
And yes that finally split the check after we were scollded.
Thanks

Since they dropped the bean salad and scallops as well as decreased the sizes of the sandwiches, I've had to drop my review from 5 to 4 stars.
Still good food and atmosphere but not as great as the first year it was open.
They must have had a kitchen manager change towards the end of last year as that's when these changes took place and the food dropped in quality.

Had brunch here and I was impressed.
Service was attentive and efficient and the food was excellent.
We will be back!

I've now eaten at Windsor twice.
I love the building and I love what Upward Project is doing with the Central corridor uptown.
I love that they use fresh ingredients.
I love their concepts and menu.
But the food is okay, not spectacular....it is just "good".
What I think bothers me about their food is just a lack of flavor....I think they just need to kick it up a notch.
I've had the Kale Salad and the Mixed Grain Salad.
Both are good.
The fresh veggies they use are snappy and great.
But I think the dressings are a bit bland - if they were just a bit more flavorful, I'd like them a lot more.
Today I had the Porkwich Sandwich - and with the ingredients, I thought it would be spectacular.
But it was just good.
And I had the Kale salad, which was good...but again, could have been more flavorful...really just a bit more lemon juice or zest would have kicked it up a notch and made it great.
I honestly think the Executive Chef needs to beef up the flavors (herbs, spices, etc.
) & he'd have a fabulous menu.
For instance, on the Porkwich....it has pork and pork belly with a coleslaw & a sweet sauce on it.
If the pork had been grilled with a nice flavorful rub, that would have given it just a bit more kick and flavor and it would have been incredible.

I've been here multiple times, and overall really love it.
The food here has almost always been really excellent, and I'll admit, I'm shallow.
So I fall for the hip decor and the fact that the waiters are cool and cute and the waitresses have tats and a wardrobe to die for.
It's great both inside and outside, and their outdoor patio IS dog friendly!
Their Windsor style Backyard Burger is really great.
It's enormous, and juicy and about ready to fall apart when you bite into it.
I've also had their brunch items.
My Easy Rider fritatta took some warming up to, but in the end I fell for the combination of summer tomatoes and tart goat cheese.
My husband had the Matador, and it is incredible.
I don't normally go for that combination of flavors, but just wonderful.
Hands down so much better than what I got, though that too was good.
Also, if it doesn't come with your brunch, splurge on the bacon side.
INCREDIBLE.
There's something that Tenderbelly does to their bacon, but it was smokey and sweet and just whoa.
We've had their cheddar fondue and their devilled egg dip for appetizers, and both are great.
The fondue was smooth and silky, and the egg dip had tons of bacon and gorgonzola.
The chips are fried in house, so if you like thick, crispy, kettle style chips they're going to be a home run.
As for sides, their roasted vegetables are great.
Crisp still, but charred.
A touch greasy though.
For drinks I've had their No.
17, which is good, but my hands down favorite is a brunch only thing.
Their $5 Pitcha of Pimms.
$5.
That's right, a PITCHA.
Omg.
My husband and I both liked their tradtional blood mary, but I loved loved loved how tart, and refreshing the Pimms was.
And that it was in a pitcher.
They also have a neat service style, where their wait staff 1) wear their own clothes and 2) they don't split their floor into areas for a particular server.
This is very good, because it means that anybody who walks by your table is available to help you.
They're all actually very good about making sure you're taken care of.
It does get confusing making out who is who, but the few times I've been there I more or less see the same faces, so it's easy to see who's who after awhile.
The only downsides are that its small and popular, plus it has a teensy weensy parking lot.
They're a lot like La Grande, they have free valet, but still.
You should tip them, so it's not 'free'.
It gets crowded as well, and quite noisy inside.
Plus their menu is a wee bit limited.
I'd like to see things get changed up a bit, as I'm running out of new things to eat going there.
Doesn't change the fact that it's all great though!

Awesome ambiance, and great staff.
Food was pretty good, too.
Had the brown bag chicken sandwich (good), and the fried okra (good).
Also had the bacon cheeseburger and mac & cheese (both pretty good).
Couples next to us ordered a sampler platter of some sort with shrimp - they both raved about it, as well as the custom style drinks.
$5 for a small(er) pitcher of good beers on Sundays - great deal.
Lots of unique drinks, worth a try.
Servers would awesome with recommendations and making their unique drinks.

I LOVEDDD this place!
Went here for a friend's birthday one night and sat on the patio.
It was very nice & intimate.
The waitress was super nice.
The food was fantastic.
The cheese fondue was very fun and the griddle church potatoes...stop it...INCREDIBLE!

I guess maybe I had high expectations about this place with so many great reviews.
Sure, it has local ingredients and a hipster ambiance, but the food just didn't seem that great.
I got the grilled chicken sandwich, my girlfriend got the crab cakes.
The food just seemed, lacking.
I still felt hungry after I left.
Also this is one of the extremely few places in the valley that serves fried okra.
Incredibly disappointing however, I felt like I was practically eating crumbs.
All fry and no okra.
Sigh.
Parking here is just, stupid.
They have complimentary valet which, you essentially have to use if you want to park.
I guess it comes with the territory of being downtown but it's just frustrating.
Good luck having a conversation here too, it's incredibly noisy, and also incredibly dark.
I felt like I couldn't even see my food.
Man, after all the bashing of this place you're probably wondering how I gave it three stars.
Well, the food *is* good, just not anything amazing.
Go here with friends and expect to have a noisy time, you'll have fun.

This is a an excellent restaurant.
Good food, friendly service, and great atmosphere.
Corn dog popper app is killer.
Salads, Chicken Sandwich, and Fish Sandwich help you eat healthy.
Highlight for the kids is going to Churn after dinner for ice cream.

One of the best burgers in town by far, make sure you get tender belly bacon on it though!
church potatoes are easily the best side, ask for them off the griddle!
and always walk next door to churn and get some ice cream.
great place for kids.
and if you go you must you must order the cheddar fondue with pretzels, they are ridiculous good.

After visiting Postinos quite a few times, I had really high expectations of this place.
The food and service at Postinos is fantastic.
...then there's Windsor.
My wife and I ate here for dinner.
We had the Corn Dog Poppers appetizer.
The dough was very dry and would fall off from around the hot dog (sliced as thinly as two quarters stacked on top of each other).
They did not look burned, but had a strong burnt taste.
I had the Porkwich sandwich.
The BBQ sauce I was not a fan of myself, and the pork was dry.
The coleslaw on the sandwich overpowered the pork and sauce.
My wife had the Backyard Burger which was just "OK".
As for the service, it was "meh".
Not attentive, definitely do not seem to really care.
He took our appetizer order, then our entree order, after that we had to waive someone down just to get my wife some water.
The service was below average, the food was average.
Overall the price does not justify the quality or the service.
I will personally never come back to Windsor.
I truly do not see what the fuss is about.
It's dark, it's loud, and the service is poor.
Also, the valet drivers need to learn how to drive, and pay attention when they are exiting the parking lot near the residential street.
Often times as I drive through there they pull out of the parking like fast and don't appear to have even looked, otherwise they would have seen my coming about 20 feet from the driveway!
As a side note, the owners of Windsor opened up a pizza place that is pretty good!
A for Postinos A for their pizza place D- for Windsor

Windsor is AWESOME.
The whole environment is just so much fun, the patio is my favorite!
The morning drinks are to die for, especially the #91.
This is a great atmosphere for people of all ages!

Yes, this place is a hipster haven.
The real cassette tape wall that leads to the bathrooms, the bathrooms with subway tiles, the flannel material on the chairs, the waiters all in flannel shirts,you get the idea.
While the hipster atmosphere is a little much, Windsor does get serious when it comes to their menu.
I had the chicken sandwich with a mango salsa and the macaroni and cheese as a side.
Food was great, service was hit or miss.
My dining companion ordered a tea which the waitress confirmed upon request and then she never brought it.
Requested again and it was brought about 10 mins later.
Was a late lunch and the service should not have been so flaky for such a down time.
I would go back, just hope for better service and their menu did leave me wanting to try more things.

Sunday morning post-half marathon $5 microbrew "pitchas"...deal-o-rama, cheers to day drinking in style :)

Awesome food and awesome atmosphere.
I Loved the the reuben it was so different and tasted great.
The church potatoes were really good.
Will be coming back soon!

I have found a new place close to downtown to eat.
Great place to enjoy lunch and the $5 pitchers are a great enticer.
If that does not get you down here maybe the great patio will get you here or the spacious bar.
I could see myself eating at the bar or one of the super comfortable booths.
As for the eats....The backyard burger, Windsor style is on my list of must eat again, porkwich is a must eat all the time, and the mac and cheese is a great side.
I can't cook mac and cheese like that at home, nice crisp top of melted cheese and uber yummy cheese and pasta under neath.
The Windsor burger and piggy burger were great.
Just ask for extra napkins since you will look like a Carl's Jr commercial trying to scarf either burger down.
They are both messy, but I could not let the sauce and juice go to waste just dip the burger into the left overs on the plate.
:)  Let me describe the porkwich please....
Pulled pork, belly braised ham, cold slaw, smoked bacon, and the yummy sweet gold sauce.
All this on a buttermilk bun which is soft and a great absorber of all that sauce and flavor.
Get you eat on quick so the bun does not go soggy on you.
The backyard burger has a great garlic aioli, caramelized onions, sharp cheddar, and some iceberg shredded up to add some color.
This was a great burger and even though it is a must eat again I am really a fan of the porkwich.
My only downside is parking, really only a hand full of parking and then free valet.
Nothings free, I still gotta tip a guy that has to run down the street to get my car.
That's usually where your car will end up is down a side street adjacent to the restaurant.
I think the valet thing does fix the lack of parking problem and the food is so good it really is not that big of a deal.
If you are ever in the general vicinity of Windsor I suggest you give it a shot, great staff, great food, and great overall restaurant.

A solid 4 star review on my first visit and I'm eager to come back and check out more items on the menu!
We were seated on the patio which is a large, spacious area.
It was chilly last night but the patio was warm and inviting.
The only draw-back is that it's...dark.
Very dark.
Had a hard time reading the menu much less seeing what they placed in front of us but the taste of the food was inviting enough for me to come back in the day-light to get the full effect.
We had the loaded chips to start.
They are FANTASTIC.
The housemade chips are perfectly crunchy and not greasy or oily at all.
The carmelized onion, bacon, blue cheese, were all terrific.
I am not sure if the chipotle crema was on there, I didn't taste it and had it been served in a better lit area, I'd know better if it was on there or not.
What I will say is that the loaded chips are a MUST HAVE appetizer because they were phenomenal.
My boy had the crab cake BLT for his main.
It was very tasty, served on a roll with perfect fresh veggies.
The crab cake was perfectly done...not too moist, not too bready.
The french fries that he chose for the side dish were not anything special at all.
They were typical shoestring fries that I'm pretty sure were frozen and weren't well seasoned at all.
They had salt, but for a place that prides itself with fresh house-made food, I was surprised by the lack of creativity with the fries.
I had the soup and salad combo.
The soup was a loaded potato soup which was pretty nice.
The broth was nice.
Nothing special, but had a nice velvety finish which I like.
The bacon was yum but I think it might have been missing cheese or something.
It just tasted like something was missing.
I wish I could say what.
I added pepper but that wasn't it.
It was salty from the bacon but not overly so.
The salad was the chopped salad which was tasty.
The hard boiled egg was way way too salty though.
The ranch dressing was nice though and the avocado was fresh and firm.
Our server was thorough but not terribly engaging.
It's always been kind of hit or miss with the trendy servers at Postinos so I didn't expect Windsor to be much different.
The decor is fun and I loved the wall of cassette tapes.
Awesome conversation piece.
Bathrooms are very similar to Postinos But unlike it's cousin, Windsor is not yet a 5-star place.
It's got potential but it's not quite there.
I'll definitely be back because they had a lot of very intriguing menu choices and those loaded chips are worth the price of admission all on its own.
Oh and one other note...like it's cousin, parking at Windsor is also a pain in the ass.
Keep this in mind and definitely do the valet.
It'll save you a lot of aggravation.

Why I haven't written a review for Windsor earlier I'm not sure as I've been going there since it first opened but it's a good one so I guess better late than never!
The owners of Postino just can't go wrong I'm convinced.
I'm a long time fan of both locations and was super excited when they opened up Windsor as they have a full bar and different, numerous options for food.
Let's start with the interior, love it.
Modern with some natural elements; very laid back with an awesome patio that I've actually yet to sit on as I'm usually at the bar or one of the comfy booths as soon as you walk in.
The staff is always on point and friendly without being too in your face which I really love being that I am a server and I don't really need the follow up every 4 minutes.
I most recently sat at the bar solo on Wednesday or Thursday and I didn't get the bartender's name but he was really nice without being overbearing.
Food wise?
Omnomnom is all I have to say.
No, the Backyard burger is awesome.
I've only gotten it Classic style but it's delicious!
The meat is flavorful and the portion is generous to say the least.
I'm also a big fan of their fondue and the Brown Bag (??
) Chicken sandwich.
Everything tastes fresh and you can't go wrong with Churn next door for the dessert...best Butter Pecan I've ever had.
This area has some solid restaurants and Windsor is no different.
Definitely a great spot for lunch during the day or a date at night.
Check it out!

Umm, This place is off the hook like a telephone.
I went right before with Jayme, we got a charcuterie (spelling?
), she got the porkwich with kale salad, I got the BLT crab cake sandwich with mac and cheese...
I love my cheese, and this was from what I could taste, several 'spensive ones.
I definitely will be back for Churn...
But just one question I forgot to ask the server.
"Where do you get your bacon?

Had to follow man vs food and come in here, initial impression were actually good.
The bathrooms were CLEAN, tables we all cleared and it looks like they have expanded recently, the service is perfect and everything came out hot.
I of course got the el Rey which has everything and the kitchen sink in it...awesome idea but everything lacked flavor inside :(.
Overall a good experience and I would come back Andy try something else.

The food and drinks were excellent.
The crab cake BLT was off the chain.
The service was slow at first but once the server acknowledged us things went much better.

Oh my...
Delicious!
Lunch plans with the girls led us to Windsor on a lovely Sunday afternoon.
I had the crab cake BLT ... Crab cakes, yum... add bacon?
Amazing!
You have your choice of sides and I had Jo's Church Potatoes.
This was a really yummy potato casserole.
I was wickedly full and incredibly satisfied leaving Windsor (didn't stop me from getting ice cream next door, but that's another review.
)  And like their parent establishments, they have happy hour every day until 5pm.
Woohoo!
I highly recommend this for a CenPho lunch or happy hour.
Yummmeee!

Shall i shall...tis worth the calories, tis.
Ummm...me likes.
Five dollars drinks add up to 50 dollar bills b4 five in a minute.
The 63 goes down like a gatorade.
It's a five star place.
Nice, affordable fun...

Has a good atmosphere, but the food was not good.
Had a bacon cheeseburger with mac n cheese.
The burger was soggy and over cooked.
the mac n cheese was not good either.
Also had a bloody mary, which was less then average.
We do love Postino's, but they dropped the ball at Windsor.

I can't believe it took a pre-bachelorette party dinner to finally try Windsor.
The ambiance is cozy and the food matches the restaurant-bar atmosphere to a "T."   For cocktails, #17 seems to be our party of 14's favorite.
I'm not surprised because cucumber vodka with green tea syrup appears to be a unique yet satisfying blend.
I stuck with my own routine and ordered an Old Fashioned.
It definitely packed a punch here!
'Twas not a bourbon drink for sissies but kicked off the night quite well!
The cheddar fondue appetizer was highly addicting, so I'm glad my friend and I shared this heavenly delight.
Onlookers glared with envy, and said "Now I wish I had ordered the fondue too.
" Screw the carb free diet!
The pretzel bread and cheddar are worth the affair!
Don't even get me started on the sausage that accompanied this power duo!
Pure bliss!
Hello Porkwich!
Pulled pork, sliced ham, and bacon join forces to envelop you in pork ecstasy.
The coleslaw adds a nice texture and flavor to the meaty goodness of this buttermilk bun packaged treat.

Windsor is great.
My boyfriend and I visit every week or two and we both have our favorite menu items.
They do sandwiches and salads really well here!
We like to stop by on weekend afternoons for Happy Hour--five dollar glasses of wine can't be beat--and also to enjoy the patio seating in the evenings during the milder months.
I love this family of restaurants.
Go and enjoy!
:-)

Great atmosphere, great beer/drink selection, delicious food.
Dark @ table after sunset, hard to see menu.
Churn ice cream/novelty shop connected is a bonus!

Really impressive place!
I'm usually very skeptical of trendy joints like this, as they don't generally live up to the hype.
However, I've been here several times and always impressed with the chef...the brown bag chicken sandwich is perfectly balanced.
Wait staff is polite, and their mixed drink menu is also excellent.
Would come here a lot more often if it wasn't a victim of its own success with the wait time always long!

This place is a true gem!
My husband and I try and head here for brunch at least twice a month.
Excellent prices, especially on their gourmet cocktails!
The atmosphere is very fun and everything we have ever tried has been delicious.
We are constantly bringing new friends and family from out of town here.

Great beer selection, delicious food and a very cool atmosphere!
Can't go wrong stopping in here for an hour or two!

I finally got around to having the burger there recently...(kind of a big deal because I only have 1-2 burgers a year).
We sat outside and had a couple of bourbons with them so it was pretty heavenly in general.
The service and food are always stellar but they outdid themselves by calling Federal and arranging to have a bottle of wine waiting for me at the to-go window.
I am still calling Windsor my FAVORITE restaurant these days because they continue to surprise me by raising the bar.

Mmmmm.... Windsor.
I've been here several times and always had an excellent experience.
They have $5 mini-pitchers of beer (Stella!
) during happy hour.
My husband and I LOVE the deviled egg dip appetizer...
I dream about that stuff!
My favorite sandwich is the brown bag chicken, it's a perfect blend of deliciousness that is too much to describe, but seriously, try it!
My hubby usually gets the fish sandwich.
Both of us get Jo's Church Potatoes as our side (I never said I eat healthy here...).
I've also had brunch here a few times and have loved it.
The crab cakes Benedict was perfect and the bloody mary was a great one.
Unless you're lucky enough to find an open spot in the handful they have, expect to valet.
It's free but make sure you tip the guys, they're pretty quick!
I'd also like to mention that a gentleman who I'm assuming is a manager that is always running around is one of the BEST managers I've ever seen in a busy restaurant.
He's hilarious and always two steps ahead of you in picking up plates, refreshing drinks or offering his advice on what you should eat.

This place has awesome atmosphere and great food!
I have been for both lunch and dinner.
I prefer lunch however the cocktails are probably the best part!!
you must try them all!

Had lunch for the first time here and the chopped salad was great!
Fun atmosphere with seating on the outdoor patio and many options inside.
Great bar at the center of the room!
Recently transplanted from San Francisco-the food was as good as the City and nice casual atmosphere.
The wait service was excellent!
Will definitely be going back to try some other dishes on the menu!

I love the pretzel dippers.
I normally order the brown bag chicken salad because it is great and not made with mayo which is great.
The kale salad is great.
My recommendation would be to try everything.
and get there before 5pm for the pitchers .
But it is a little pricey.

I just love this place.
My favorite is the mixed grain salad.
I get it with shrimp (they are large and so yummy).
All o the food that comes out of the kitchen looks so delicious.
The people I have brought here definitely want to go back.
The staff is very nice and helpful when asking questions.

It came a time when I finally tried Windsor for dinner.
My hubby and I went here for dinner last with some friends.
The atmosphere is pretty cool.
They had patio seating and indoor seating.
So, the food was amazing.
First we started with Russian Roulettes that we really good.
Then I had the porkwich that I got recommend from my friend (Reese).
Wow, that is was by far the best pork sandwich I have ever had.
It had pulled pork; Tender Belly braised ham & smoked bacon layered with gold sauce & crunchy coleslaw on a buttermilk bun.
My husband had the Brown Bag Chicken Sandwich that is pretty amazing too.
Our friends had the Windsor burger and the bacon burger.
All I can say is, if you have not been to Windsor you are missing out.
You should check it out if you are ever in mid-town Phoenix.

I love the atmosphere of sitting outside or inside here, but their cocktails specifically no.
6 is a big fashion NO NO.
Seriously it was nasty.
The house made chips are delish.

Oh Windsor, only happy memories.
I came here for the first time for lunch with my Mom for her birthday.
She just happened to be in town so we decided to try out this cool restaurant I'd heard about.
The food was great and the ambience was fabulous.
The servers are all so nice and even the valet people were super friendly.
We were seated out on their patio in the sunshine.
Perfect!
What I really want to comment on is how they helped make my Mom's day really special.
Our server or one of the managers (I forget who) told me I could go to over the Churn (their sister, an ice cream shop) and pick out whatever I wanted for her!
I was thrilled and they even put a candle in the lemon bar and ice cream I'd selected.
Needless to say the friendly folks at Windsor and Churn made my mom's birthday lunch a really nice affair and I can't wait to go back!

GREAT food GREAT service!
Warm hip environment and comfort food for every taste.
The ice cream is made fresh on premises!
YUM!

Probably the best "neighborhood" restaurant in Phoenix......and worth the drive or ride (plenty of bicycle parking) if you don't live in the area.
Amazing specialty cocktails, great selection of beers and wines.....and a happy hour that runs from 11:00 am to 5:00 EVERY day.
Super friendly staff treats you like family....only better.
Not a miss on the menu, everything is top notch....mac and cheese or the church potatoes are both great choices for sides.
Did I mention bicycle parking, well riding your bike may be a good idea because Windsor is attached to Churn.
Churn has some of the best ice cream in town and usually some very unique flavor offerings.
In addition they have "old school" candy, rice crispy treats, and cookies (in case you want to make an ice cream sandwich).
Windsor is crown jewel from the folks that brought you Postino.

After a night out at the ballet, my husband and I decided to stop in for a quick bite.
Windsor has a great vibe about it.
The outdoor patio looks like a great spot to break bread with a few friends.
I decided to order the porkwich after reading the reviews on yelp about it.
I can't remember the last time I ate a burger or sandwich that was so messy.
I felt like an eight year old child with food all over my face.
I was a mess!
It was quite delicious though.
I am looking forward to going back with friends.

Harvest salad = heaven.
It was such an amazing salad.
I am on a hard core "diet" so I haven't been eating out, it is easy to control calories at home.
Well, we were on the run and needed dinner, so we came to windsor.
It was PAINFUL to see the amazing food I couldn't have, it was WONDERFUL to enjoy a very tasty salad, it was EXCRUCIATING to leave STARVING!!
That lettuce wilted the second it hit my stomach and I wished I had added chicken or salmon sooooooo freakin bad!!
I can't wait to come back and order something I really want on a cheat day!
:) haha!!
Oh yeah, the hubby had the salmon, I got a taste, and it was great!
The sauce was his favorite and that celery root pure was amazing!!
Very very kind service as well!

I visited from Chicago recently for my bachelorette party and we made reservations here.
The food was amazing!
All my girls raved about what they ordered.
I had the backyard burger, Windsor style, and it was delicious!
The atmosphere was great, especially if you get patio seating, the service was prompt and courteous and our table was ready right away.
The parking is very limited but they do have valet which is nice.
I highly recommend this place if you're looking for something hip & not a chain.
I will definitely be coming back on my next visit.

Good food.
Very sloooooow service.

First experience was great, looking forward to returning

Nothing seemed to go right here.
The valet parking was a total disaster.
When we were seated we walked all of the restaurant with the hostess not knowing where to seat us.
Sat for a while before a server ever came over, but I have a feeling that stemmed back to the seating issue.
Food was OK, but nothing to pull up the score.

I went to Windsor for the first time last night with my girlfreind and was very impressed with the service and food.
We had the loaded chips for appetizer witch were amazing highly recommended!!
I had the fish sandwich witch was great!
And we just loved the ambiance and vibe of the place very cool!
I had mixed cocktial no 22 very good made with a lot of love!
overall a great dining experince service was top notch Manny the bartender was on top of his game for sure !!

Gosh I was hoping for more here.
The vibe and happy hour make it a worthwhile stop but the food and drink was disappointing and actually left our stomachs unsettled.
Their house margarita was so bitter and acidic that after one sip I stopped drinking it.
A good stir did not help.
It also had an off-putting 'refrigerator flavor'.
Not a good start.
I had the veggie stack which was not a stack at all but more of a pita spread with hummus, and a scattering of very fresh veggies and some  black quinoa,  and (the best part ) green goddess dressing.
The pita was like thick piece of cardboard and my first bite had a nascent fishy taste and I swore mustard I tasted mustard which I would have asked them to hold, not a fan of that stuff.
I decided to see if it improved but that pita was too much work even with the sharp serrated steak knife provided.
The side dish of fried okra, my grandmother used to make this, wasn't worth the calories.
It was reminiscent of something you would buy in the frozen section of your grocery store; tough, cold and a bit bitter as well.
The dip was good though.
My husband ordered the crab BLT, which the server promised, "the crab cakes were flown in fresh every day.
"  Should have caught 'crab cakes' because they tasted old and again like something you would get from your grocer's freezer.
The side of coleslaw was very good though and a fresh take on the standard gloppy mix.
I'll try again because of the vibe and try to be more selective about what I order.
And  I'll stick to wine.....

Went here last weekend and had a great meal.
It was pretty busy when we arrived, which is always a good sign.
We wanted to sit on the patio since the evenings have been so nice lately and the host said it might be a little while.
Not a problem, we just went to the bar to grab a drink while we waited.
He came by once or twice after to ensure us that we would be seated soon, which was nice.
I had heard good things about the cocktails and ended up ordering the No.
17.
It was awesome and I would definitely order it again.
My sister got the No.
6 and she thoroughly enjoyed it as well.
We decided to split the fondue and crab cake BLT.
The fondue was great and the pretzels and sausage were perfect dippers.
The crab cake BLT was good, but nothing really memorable.
I don't think its anything against the sandwich itself, but just that I realized I prefer crab to crab cakes.
Church potatoes were an awesome side!
Service was attentive and the food was well spaced out.
We weren't rushed and enjoyed spending the evening enjoying the nice patio dining.
Overall, I would definitely recommend this place.

I come here for lunch all the time.
Every time I come I always get the deviled egg dip & chips appetizer.
Its soooooo good.
Windsor has a great patio and right now I love taking advantage of the beautiful Arizona weather.
Last time I was here I got the grilled chicken sandwich which comes with a mango jalapeño mayo that compliments the curry spice rub perfectly.
The sandwich also comes with a side and my favorite is Jo's church potatoes which are these fantastic cheesy potatoes.
If you haven't tried them yet I highly recommend them.
PS Churn is right next door and they have some of the best ice cream!!

OK...hot cheese, pretzels and Shreiner sausage...not a bad start to a scrumptious meal.
Had a delicious fish sandwich with a chopped kale salad.
Who knew that something that is natures scrub brush could taste SO good.
The staff is nice, but not over the top.
I think they're too busy to give that personal touch...but they were attentive.

Great scene.
Crowd is a mix of hipster and young professionals.
Great outdoor patio.
Insanely packed bar and inside area.
The drinks and food are great - service is pretty great.
I loved that the bus-boy (I hate that term) knew we were waiting to get our check.
He brought us our check, ran our credit card, and got us outta there ASAP.
It was super busy, and our waiter wasn't able to get it done fast.
I love that the bus-boy wasn't like "I'll get your server".
He just took care of it.
Great place - we'll be back!

Loved the patio, dog friendly!
Food good, service good, music so loud we were very literally screaming at each other.
Server said the owner likes it that way.
Too bad the guests don't.

What a great Sunday lunch!
Started with deviled egg dip.
I chose the brown bag chicken sandwich with veg of the day which was beet and citrus salad.
Hubby had the fish sandwich with Mac 'n cheese.
Food was fresh and flavorful and the service was spot on!
Triple kudos to our waitress Janelle.
We will be making this one a habit.

This place was great.
I've been passing it going to and from work daily and finally on a Friday afternoon, my coworkers and I stopped by.
There's no self parking, there's only valet (FYI-have cash).
We sat on the patio and it was great.
Our server was friendly and our food arrived promptly.
We all got burgers and fries, and it was amazing.
Will come again.

Good drinks, attentive waitstaff, killer food, and a perfect back patio to enjoy it all!
What else do you need?
Two of my friends and I went to a late dinner on a Friday night and got in under 20 minutes.
I adored my brown bag chicken sandwich and grilled veggies and picked off my friend's church potatoes (potatoes au gratin) when she started raving about it.
It's a little pricy, but quality usually is, and I'm of the opinion that it's worth it.
Awesome experience and I'm sooooo going back.

Have eaten brunch and dinner many times.
Food is good but I think sometime less is more with seasoning and combination of some dishes.
The vibe is great though.

I have tried this place a few times.
The food is ok, same concept as Postinos and the Vig.
I can't really comment too much on the food because I mostly go there for drinks.
I've tried the pork sandwich with coleslaw and it was pretty good, I had to be a lady so I had a small salad before the sandwich, which was the Fattoush Salad.
Everything was tasty, but I am not going to say OMG it was the best thing I've ever had.
The stuff in the menu are things you can easily find somewhere else.
The place is nice, low lights, obviously gets a little loud during happy hours, it's a cool little trendy place.
On the personal side, I think the place is cursed!!
Why??
Well, I've had 2 first dates there for happy hour and .... sadly...there were first and last.
=( Totally heart broken, especially from the cute blue eyed attorney, they were both an awesome catch, but apparently I wasn't =( boooooo... gotta break the pattern though!
next first date will be anywhere else but Windsor.
=)  Enjoy !

Always good food and atmosphere!
The staff is super chill and friendly...the patio is a great spot to do a little day drinking!
Must get the donut holes as an appetizer when going for brunch...

Another cool little spot to add to the checklist and one more reason that living downtown blows every other part of the valley away.
I can successfully ride my cruiser to at least 20 different amazing little spots that have individuality and take pride in there product.
Loss of a star due to the exceptionally loud music during lunch, but I was specifically trying to have a rather intimate conversation, so it could have seemed louder than it actually was.
Brown bag chicken sammy was great and a great side of roasted veggies to go with.
I also like to comment on the service if worthy.
The bartender was exceptionally on point and friendly although I didn't catch his name.

Really Phoenix?
This is some of the best you got?
Meh.
MEH.
I'm grumpy cat all over this place.
First of all, the valet situation was poor.
I understand that the valets want to control traffic flow during busy hours, but when it's not busy, making me turn around and pull back around front is ridiculous.
Then, to refuse to park my car is flat out dumb.
Another reason why I dislike valets and restaurants that use them when there's not a direct need.
So at least my husband got a nice, breezy table outside on the patio while I parked.
I'll give them points for atmosphere, but alot of the credit must go to the amazing Arizona spring weather.
We started off with the fondue, our usual when out in Arizona, where it oddly is served everywhere.
The pretzel was warm and freshly baked, but you'll notice I'm complimenting the dipper, not the dip.
The fondue, while creamy, also had the distinctive cornstarch note known to appease all lovers of cheese fondue.
MEH.
For dinner, I tried out the country vegetable chop.
All of the veggies (corn, peas, okra, asparagus, kale, carrots, radishes) were all fresh and light.
The homemade buttermilk dressing was remarkably light.
Delicious all around, but not enough to to appease me after the random valet issues, mediocre service, and poorly done cheese fondue.

The best burger and pancakes in Phoenix, hands down!
Backyard burger Windsor style is where it's at!
I have never had a bad experience here, it is my go-to whenever I have family in town.
DELICIOUS!

Great place!
I felt so relaxed and at home.
The blood orange margarita was delicious.
The ceviche was ok and the kabon plate was so so.
Porkwich sandwich and mac n' cheese were to die for!!
We loved the non pretentious,  relaxed vibe of this restaurant.
Sit outside, the patio is perfect and well equipped for hot or cold weather.
The service was perfect and non invasive nor pushy, very cool and competent staff.. Definitely my new go to for dinner and drinks.
Great job Windsor!

Alright people strap in and get ready for flavor explosions, if that not what you are into that Windsor is not the place for you.
like Quintin Terintino I am going to start at the end, and like M. Night Shamalan I am gonna throw in a twist, the dessert!!!
in house made ice cream is amazing, ready for the twist?!
its not "at" Windsor!!!!!
its next door at Churn.
Vietnamese Coffee, toasted coconut... these are just two of the flavors that you can get.
and the environment at this place makes me feel like smalls from sandlot stepping back into a old school candy shop.
now back to the set up of our cinematic trek through Windsor.
opening credits....
Valet service and a back entrance thought the court yard/patio give the romantic feel of a Minnie driver movie, but at the same time the dim lighting and the fact that you are sneaking in around the back makes you feel like you could be meeting up with The Godfather himself.
I am captured before I even hear the lead actor talk.
enter host.... a little hard to tell who is the "good guys" aka working staff wanting to seat you and get you a beer from the central bar, and "bad guys" aka other guests who just want to take your seats.
Like John Rambo I dominated the field and got a great seat on the patio.
action picks up... appetizers, I am a sucker for blue cheese and caramelized onions, and just like Jeff Daniels and Jim Carey in dumb and dumber the "loaded potato chips" were an instant hit!!!
If that dish was the dumb and dumber of Jim Carey's potato chip appetizer career, then the deviled egg dip is his Ace Ventura...
I could eat both every week and never get tired of them.
climax.... pork-which, crab cake BLT, brown bag chicken sand which, burger.... think of these as such movie star greats as, Brad Pitt, Denzel Washington, Leonardo DiCaprio, and Daniel Day Lewis.... now don't get too attached to the love of the charecters/entres when they hit your table.
just as in any good movie the hero (your meal) will meet their demise in the end and you will leave the restaurant just as you would leave the theater, in awe of what just happened.
"how did I just consume an entire Denzel Washington!?
"  this place is great a true academy award winner in my books.
I am back at least once a month !!

I recently stumbled in here in the midst of a cross country road trip with my trusty lady sidekick.
We didn't have high hopes for the quality of food in Phoenix but we were pleasantly surprised.
The atmosphere is fairly LA hipster and it had a gorgeous patio to enjoy the lovely desert weather.
I ventured to order the burger with moderate expectations.
I mean I come from the land of Umami and the Oinkster- how could Phoenix have anything on that!?!
Well their bacon cheeseburger definitely made me a believer.
The sauce was excellent and more importantly the burger was cooked to perfection.
To think ordering medium and actually getting a nice slightly bloody burger?
Who would have thought.
My companion ordered the ribs and loved them.
The best part of this spot you ask?
A fairly well developed whiskey/scotch/bourbon list.
Being ladies of discerning taste there are few things we love more after a long day that a whiskey- neat.
If I happen to find myself back in Phoenix you can guarantee I will be here posted up with a burger and a glass of Macallum 12 yr.

Another hit for the Upward Projects people.
Friendly staff, delicious menu, great space...this place has it all.
The patio is beautiful for warm AZ nights, and it's dog friendly too.
Check out the pretzel fondue, and the Joe's church potatoes.
Bloody Mary bar for weekend brunch is pretty great too.
Plus, it's next to Churn for your sweet tooth.

I ordered the New Orleans ribs which were reasonably priced and yummy but not memorable.
My friend ordered the crab cake BLT and HOLY GOD was it good!
It was probably the best sandwich I ever tried.
But when applying the laws of bacon of course it's going to be awesome (Bacon + anything = awesome).
In this case, bacon + (crab cakes and baguette) = bestsandwichever!
The service was mixed.
Our server wasn't anything special and was absent a few times when we needed her.
My companion noticed her boyfriend sitting in her section (or at least what appeared to be her bf) who seemed to be taking up a considerable amount of her attention.
But Windsor is well staffed.
They have food and drink runners helping out the servers so nothing is sitting out for long.
Also, without telling anyone, one of the employees brought out an umbrella to shield our table from the sun.
I was pretty impressed with their attention to detail.
My only real complaint is about the loud table of bros sitting by us.
I understand that there's nothing the staff can really do about that.
I just don't get why you would come to a restaurant to only drink with 10 of your frat bros. Go to the Mill Ave for that.
The parking is what it is.
I think Phoenicians tend to overreact about valets and little parking lots because we are spoiled with lots that take up a city block.
If you go to any urbanized city parking is always set up like this; just deal with it folks.
Overall this place is pretty good and gets 4/5 stars.
They certainly have the tools and capability to be a 5 star restaurant (by Yelp standards anyway).
We'll see how things go next time!

I've only been to Windsor for brunch, and everything on the menu is delicious.
They're donut holes sinfully delicious.
The cheddar harsh is mouthwatering greatness in your mouth.
The Matidor is the right amount of favor explosions in your mouth.
The pancakes leave you speechless.
You will wonder where they've been all your life.

They have a large patio which is always welcome in Phoenix.
The food and drinks were decent but PRICE-Y.
I had 1 cocktail, a salad and my bill was around $30.00 (without tip).
Our waitress was rude and not very welcoming...we had a big table so she wouldn't split checks because they were "too busy" at that time of day...maybe that was her way of letting us know she was going to do automatic gratuity...which usually I'm cool with but if the service sux.....anyway..I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come here again.
Oh and the happy hour ends REALLY early..like 5pm..don't complain about it because they get really defensive!

Went here several weeks ago.
The kale salad is awesome and also the number 1 drink is great.
I'll definitely be back with friends and family

I loved the mixed grain salad, I added grilled shrimp to it and it was delicious.
My husband had the crabcake sandwich and a side of awesome mac and cheese.
Everything was wonderful here and the waitstaff  were great as well.
Can't wait to go back.

My wife and I came here on Thursday night for our 8 year anniversary.
(That's a running total including our dating period.
We've only been married for a year-and-a-half.
)  I was told by a few people that this place was great.
They weren't kidding!
I love the "new american" cuisine at these trendy kinds of places.
I love the layout of the place.
It connects to Churn which is an ice cream shop next door.
That place is cool too.
My wife and I ordered the Cheddar Fondue appetizer.
That was amazing.
You got to have that.
I had a total oink fest.
It came with warm pretzels, apple slices and sausage.
SO GOOD.
My wife had the Porkwhich.
That looked totally bomb.
So of course I tried it and it was so good.
Very flavorful.
I got the New Orleans Style Pork Ribs.
It was to die for.
The fries that came with it were good.
The cheddar biscuit was just okay though.
We went on a night that wasn't very busy, but we've seen this place packed before on Friday and Saturday nights.
The service was good too.
It's a little pricey, but it's good for a special occasion!
All in all, I'd definitely reccomend this place!

Came back here again with friends.
I kept hearing nothing but good things and my experience was still, "meh".
It has a cool atmosphere but the food is really nothing special.

The menu is trendy, and delicious.
You can go, share a few appetizers with friends (I loved the Russian Roulettes, very delicious, very fun...) and get an excellent drink.
I thought they were a bit on the expensive side, but that said, they were well served and very creative.
The decor is great, the outside area is lovely.
The only thing I hated about the place is that they leave the doors open and the AC blasting.
WTF?
So wasteful.
But if that is my only qualm, it can't be that bad...
I'll be going back to AZ next month, a stop at Windsor is in order!

Brown Bag Chicken Sandwich!
Thats all I have to say!

This place is one of my favorites!
Great happy hour, convienient valet, and the food is excellent...I reccomend the pork sandwich!
However...My only complaint is they got rid of the Charcuterie on the menu.
I was really distraught over that as I had been craving it!
oh well....plenty of other good stuff there to eat!

I would go just for the raspberry lemonade.
Food was decent, service was alright.
My only complaint is that the music was too loud.
I don't know if  it's normally that loud, but they should lower it early in the evening when the place is full of families.

Went in for Happy Hour with a good friend off her sisters recommendation.
$5 cocktails are unbeatable!
Cheese fondue...if the waitress didn't take it I would have burnt my tongue trying to lick all the cheese out of the hot cast iron skillet ramikin.
And the wheat salad far exceeded my expectations!
Can't wait to come back for Fried Chicken or more happy hour.
I feel like I won't be able to go wrong here!

I had lunch for the first time at Windsor with my parents on a Saturday.
I was surprised by how unimpressed I was with the experience given others' good experiences there.
I am gluten-intolerant and it was disconcerting that our server could not tell me which menu items had gluten without checking with the kitchen.
My parents enjoyed their meals.
I had the simple start (eggs, bacon, fruit, & english muffin) and I asked for extra fruit instead of the muffin.
If they gave me double fruit, the original size must be tiny.
I thought the service was a little slow overall and the music in the dining room was too loud for my liking.

The food was delicious!!!
The porkwich was divine!
The appetizer cheese fondue divine!
The waitress could of used a smile and personality, that was the only drawback!
Use the valet parking its worth the tip!

Great place!
We just discovered it and we are such big fans!!
We love locally owned places that have great food and this place is exactly that!
Right next door they have a cute ice cream shop called the Churn which is amazing!
It's such a great hip place and great for date night!

New favorite brunch spot!!!!
Wifey took me here for Father's Day brunch yesterday and it did not disappoint!
First off, they have $5 cocktails, pitchers of beer and mary's!
They have a traditional Bloody Mary and my fave, the Verde Mary!
Think green salsa with vodka...but in the best way possible!!!
They also have a set up inside where you can customize your mary with 10-15 different types of pickled goodies, tons of different hot sauces, salts and seasonings.
The ultimate mary bar!
I also had this breakfast dish with cheesy mashed potatoes on the bottom, a crisp tortilla covered with two over easy eggs and salsa that was the quintessential Arizona breakfast.
Just awesome!
Great service as well!

I have been here a few times since my previous review for both dinner and breakfast.
I will say, I am always satisfied, even though the BF doesn't always love it.
When I went for breakfast, I had the matador which was delicious potatoes with chile verde and eggs on a crispy tortilla...it was pretty fantastic.
Also, I have had their delicious multi grain salad and their really tasty chicken and corn chowder.
Anyway, this place continues to be a satisfying place to eat...no, it's not the best food in town....but I never leave feeling sad that I came.
For your viewing pleasure, my original review: I can pretty much sum this place up in one word.......mmmmmm.
Ok, not really a word, and, of course, I can't really leave a review at one noise, but seriously....mmmmm.
I could eat this food all the time...except then I would be super fat, so I won't, but the point is that I could!
I went here on Monday night for my sister in law's birthday/anniversary party.
We had a large group of at least ten people.
Our waiter, Rodger, was great!
He was very attentive, kept our waters full, and even remembered everyone's order correctly without writing it down...pretty impressive stuff.
I ordered the steak frites, but because we were such a large group, I got to try a bunch of menu items.
We started with the fondue (soooo good....I wanted to eat it straight with a fork), the loaded chips (?
), also very tasty, and the mini corndogs, good, but not as good as the other two.
My steak was delicious, it had an herb butter on top and was cooked perfectly.
The fries were crispy and perfect.
The BF got the burger with church potatoes.
The burger was a pretty standard burger....not something I would come here for specifically, but the church potatoes were pretty good.
I tried someone else's ribs.....EXCELLENT!
The bbq sauce was spicy and sweet...the meat fell off the bone...this is something I would definitely recommend.
I think our table had (possibly) one of each entree and everyone raved about the food.
I would definitely come back here again.

so, I started out to meet some of my home-girls at a little Cambodian place in central phoenix and it was closed.
at 6pm on a friday night, no less.
I had the burger again (for those of you keeping track, that's 2 this year!
) and I had the bourbon again.
We sat outside under the misters and it was just lovely.
It's official, Windsor, you're my favorite!
keep doing what you do :)

This place was really fun to go eat at plain and simple.
It was a lot trendier (in a good way) than I expected prior to going, and not as formal or snobby as I feared it may have been.
The interior has the charming brick wall thing going for it and makes for a neat, functionally dimmed dining atmosphere.
The music keeps it from being too heavy or intimate though which is ok with me.
I thought it was all really great on those all those fronts.
The menu was simple, original, and while not cheap, not terribly hard on the wallet either.
Think Chili's/Applebee's prices, but for at least 5x's the quality of food.
I love that the food is both delicious, pretty healthy, not boring, and grounded in the classics, but with their touch on it, if that makes sense like chicken sandwich, Louisiana ribs, Reuben sandwich, etc., rather than tofu this or vegan that, etc.
They seem to have a good working knowledge of how vegetables, dressings/vinaigrettes/sauces, and meat enhance the overall dish without going overboard on any of those things.
Case in point: the chopped kale salad with sliced almonds and a fruity vinaigrette to make it healthy as can be with no sacrifice to tasting yummy.
I was even surprised to see they had a bar w/ a tv that had the game (game 6 of the nba finals in this case) on in the middle, but it didn't dominate the entire scene somehow and it was really easy to not even notice it if you were seated at a table.
The wait staff was awesome too, they did a really good job being patient with my sister who definitely tested them on that night asking lots of questions about the menu and them having to give us more time to decide 3 times.
It was pretty humorous and they handled it fantastically.
I loved it all and can't wait to go back.
Checked out the ice cream parlor connected to it after dinner and it looked great, but we decided to forego it this time, though being just "this close" to going for it.
Next time.

Went to Windsor for an early lunch.
This meant there were still a couple of parking places so we did not have to use the free valet service they have.
We both ordered the crabcake blt sandwich.
IT WAS HUGE.
A bit difficult to handle, but tasty.
One annoyance...a variety of staff kept coming by to try and clear our plates while we were still talking and eating.

Today was my second Windsor experience - I'm still not impressed.
I'm gluten-intolerant so I researched the menu before I my lunch date.
I was really bummed that the item I selected based on seeing their menu on their website was no longer on their menu.
I was again unimpressed by the server's knowledge of what is/isn't gluten-free on the menu.
I ended up getting the mixed grain salad (quinoa only) and it was just ok.
I appreciated the ambiance and misters on their patio.

great for brunch!

I really like this place!!!!
For a number of reasons, friendly service, excellent ambience with a trendy, comfortable feel, good food and a great bar to sit and just be friendly.
We ordered the Greek appetizer, which is very common in many places, but the presentation of this one, made it quite different from the rest.
On the bottom was hummus, topped with traditional Greek style cucumber, tomato with light olive oil dressing, and a side of Tzazitki and pita.
Unique and quite good.
More pita would have been nice.
For lunch we ordered the Porkwich, recommended by the waitress and a side of the Mac and Cheese.
The sandwich was delcious, but the Mac and cheese lacked "punch" and I was not wowed by it.
I'll save that for the Tuck Shop next time.
We also ordered the ribs and they were tender, tasty and really had a nice unique flavor.
We had a side of the potatoes and OMG, they were delicious.
I really wanted to try the Crab Cake BLT and will definitely do that next time.
The best part...CHURN.
I love how it is connected to the restaurant and you can get an entirely different experience at the same location.
We had a pricey "create your own" sundae and enjoyed it on the beautiful patio with misters outside.
It was very nice to be able to leave the restaurant, but not and enjoy an outdoor experience with ice cream in 105 degrees and feel very comfortable.
Enjoy!

The fish sandwich is amazing!
Great cocktails and a good beer selection.

As an update... their cocktails are pretty great.
My favorite things on the menu are their Russian Roulette peppers (Mainly shisito peppers) and deviled egg dip for appetizers and kale Caeser salad with chicken.
They make a great burger too!

Took Mom to Windsor for Mothers Day.
Overall a great time.
Good burgers (beware of the Windsor sauce and ask for it on the side), $5 pitchers of beer and cocktails.
Good customer service too :)

This place is fun.
The food is tasty, the drinks are reasonably priced, and the staff takes good care of me every time I go there.
Great patio too!

Perfect spot to meet a friend or two for after work HH/dinner.
Parking sucks (hence the seemingly odd valet)...or you can just park street-side in the neighborhood while you dine on some elevated American food.
I had the Cheddar Fondue and Porkwich, both of which were reasonably priced and succulent!
I'm not a huge eater at one sitting, so there was definitely a large enough portion to take home for a midnight snack.
Just the right amount of menu items means I'm enticed to return and try their other entrees.
The Country Vegetable Chopped salad sounds pretty dang tasty!

Windsor is like young Phoenix's old faithful.
This is a wonderful restaraunt that is appropriate for almost any occasion.
It is hip, but not TOO hip.
It is modern, but not TOO modern.
There is plenty of variety on the menu which is overall pretty casual.
This is great for a girls night or a date night.
I have not been for lunch or brunch, but i'd imagine that sitting on the patio on a spring day is great.

I'm in foodie love because this place is completely perfect.
The decor is an awesome, pseudo-industrial feel with a lot of metal and brick work, but they kept the padded benches and booths for a comfier feel.
The bar is really cool, and when the weather is nice their lush patio can't be beat.
My fiance and I love going here for lunch during the week or on weekends for happy hour.
They serve $5 wines and $5 pitchers until 5pm every day, but there are no food specials that I know of.
The salads are hearty, though not huge.
They make their soups fresh and the ones I've had have been very good.
My fiance likes the BBQ pork ribs, and I mix it up.
The lobstah roll and fish sammich are yummy.
If you go here and neglect to order the church potatoes as a side....just don't.
Service is as expected--a motley crew of young--ish hipster types who don't mind chatting but will leave you alone if you're not into it.
So far, so so so good.

Windsor is like Postino and Vig had a baby!
Of course we had to start with the corn dog bites.
I love these little nuggets of State Fair gold.
There were a few pieces of friend pickle chips in the basket (on purpose).... Nice surprise!
The Russian Roulettes are a bowl of Japanese Shishito peppers that are charred and served warm.
I like them with a little squeeze of lemon.
Deviled Egg Dip & homemade chips were better than I imagined.
I have to figure out how to make this appetizer.
I think it would be a big hit with friends.
After all the apps, we were full, so my friend and I ended up splitting the New Orleans baby back rib dinner.
The ribs were fall-off-the-bone tender and the flavor was smokey with a hint of sweet and heat.
We had it with a side of cole slaw.
I'm usually a such a lady at the dinner table, but I HAD to lick my fingers a couple times!!
For desert, don't forget to head next door to Churn for some of the best artesian ice cream in town!
Enjoy!

One of my favorite spots in the whole valley.
I was just thinking of how to put this place into words and I saw Natalie D's first line, I concur.
I believe it to be a little more hipster than even the Vig... well, maybe just as hipster... but either way its a good change from Scottsdale so make the trip.
I have done three dinners and a brunch here and somehow liked it more than the last time each visit.
I have since moved out of Scottsdale, haven't been in the Windsor for a while, and for some reason I can't view their menu, so I won't be getting into too man specifics about the food but you can trust that is excellent.
Brunch: get the doughnut holes as an appetizer, I don't think that was the intention but it works out gloriously.
Everything else is awesome, the pancakes are amazing and they have this cream on them that words cannot explain.
I personally ordered the sausage and gravy, if you can handle some weight early on in the day, give them a try but make sure someone at the table orders the pancakes and is willing to share a little (good luck with that btw).
Dinner: Come in enough to try just about everything.
If you live in the area this should be you're go-to spot.
Period.

By far the best burgers I have ever had and great atmosphere.
Discovered this place over a year ago and I always have to take my guest who are visiting me from out of town.

I came here for my friend's birthday last night.
I've actually been here a lot, but I've finally decided it's time to commit to a yelp review.
This place is adorable - the wait staff are often dressed like someone plucked them out of the 1920's.
Last night I had the Cheddar Fondue: it's a white cheddar with warm pretzel pieces, sausage, and apple slices...it was pretty tasty, I'd definitely recommend it.
They also have a cassette tape lined wall near the bathroom (they collected a bunch of cassette tapes from the community when they first opened to make this decoration).
It is pretty busy and bustling at night, but if you want a relaxed atmosphere - it's not too crowded and is delightful during the day.

Really good!
We stopped in one night for dinner.
The restaurant is really nicely decorated.
The staff is friendly, but we were a little confused about who the hostess was and who our waitress was.
We had the Greek God as an appetizer.
The bread was soft and delicious, and the hummus was good, though I think they were a little light handed on how much hummus they gave us.
The marinated vegetables were so delicious, though - definitely my favorite part of the entire appetizer.
My husband had the bacon cheeseburger, which was cooked to a perfect medium.
The meat was moist and delicious, and the toppings were fresh.
He had the mac and cheese as a side, which was really good.
I had the veggie stack, which I loved.
The selection of vegetables were so delicious, and the portion was huge.
I had an heirloom tomato salad on the side; I thought the choice of fresh mint as part of the dressing was fantastic.
So good!
Can't wait to go back.

My friends and I have been wanting to try this restaurant forever so we finally came to check it out.
The restaurant was a little tricky to find.
The inside of the restaurant was cozy and I really liked the cassette wall display.
We made it for happy hour so all pitchers and drinks were $5.
You can't beat that!
I ordered the Bahn Mi halibut sandwich with a side of Mac and cheese & my boyfriend ordered the Crab Cake BLT with a side of their Jo's Church potatoes.
Both dishes were amazing and the sides were just as good.
I would defiantly recommend the Jo's church potatoes.
It tastes like Cracker Barrels hash town casserole but better.
My friends got the Porkwich sandwich and Bacon Cheese burger.
The pork on the sandwich was juicy with lots of flavor and the sandwich just melted in your mouth.
Overall the food and drinks were great and the staff was friendly.
Our server made sure our drinks were full every time and I liked that we didn't have to ask for refills.
I would defiantly recommend this place and we will be back again.

Food is good, service is a little hit and miss, depending on the time of day.
We enjoyed our food but it wasn't *amazing*.
Drinks are very good and the people watching is top-notch.

Windsor is a solid little date spot in central phoenix at Central & Camelback which you definitely need to take a girl a to.
I have been twice now and wanted to share each of my experiences with you.
The first was about 9 months ago, where a lady friend of mine wanted to take me as she lived pretty close to it.
We sat in one of the nice leather booths had a couple of cocktails and dinner.
All of the patrons were super friendly and everyone kind of feels that because we all know and love this place, we should be awesome to each other.
I love businesses that attract these types of people.
Dinner was solid, I had a chicken sandwich sans the bun and garden veggies.
I knew I would be back.
The second time was for a friends birthday dinner where we took a group of about 10.
They surprisingly had room for us and nestled on nice leather couch towards the back.
The cocktails again, maybe overpriced, but my Lawd they're delicious.
They also have a great price for 3/4 pitchers of beer, so if you're a beer drinker, you're in good hands.
This time I had the PicNic Skewers, which is essentially one skewer of steak, chicken, shrimp, and veggies, served with an amazing mustard sauce and tamitillo salsa.
Delicious!
The vibe: On the floor on the left side of the restaurant you will see, "You Should" and on the right side, if you pay attention will see "Question Authority".
I love this.
Thousands of patrons will come and go and never see this hidden gem of their decor.
The hallway to the restroom is lined with old cassette tapes, giving a great backdrop to a cute little date selfie.
Around the corner from the restaurants is the cutest dessert store ever!
Technically, its separate but its not.
Its part of the experience.
End your date (especially daddy / daughter dates) for the perfect end to a great evening out.
Bottom line: You'll love Windsor!

Brunch here has really become my favorite on the weekends.
My go-to is the Matador and one of their $5 cocktails.
I love it.
It is a great place to come with kids, families and friends.
Everything I have tried there, I really liked.
The green bloody mary my husband had was very unique....tasted like green tomatillo salsa but very interesting.
At the end of your meal, the donut holes with mascarpone and jelly are a must!
I seriously hate the valet parking though...

One of my faves.
They just added a new ahi salad that is to die for!!!
I haven't been disappointed yet!
The Ice cream place attached, Churn, is so cool!
Always have to have my sweetie after dinner.

So sad that I can't get this quality of dining in my home area of Palm Springs.
This restaurant is not to be missed.
If you can go for Sunday brunch, do it.
The sausage gravy and biscuits are the best I have ever had.
Great ambiance and service.
Sit on the patio and enjoy the great music they play.

the food is great but no more steak.
thats why i gave it 3 stars.

Windsor is one of our local favorites.
You can always count on a great meal, with consistent service and food.
Of course, the $5 before 5 is great - $5 pitchers of beer or glasses of wine.
The Windsor style burger is our favorite - caramelized onions and garlic aioili?
Be-still my heart.
And this is one of the only places who's salads are good enough for me to actually order as an entree.
The grilled chicken sandwich is also a common standby.
Updating review to 5 stars.
The only thing that makes us think twice before coming is the crowds/wait, but it's always worth it!
We've recently discovered their brunch- the mister always gets the eggs, gravy and biscuits.
Great mixed drinks and specials.
Windsor always wins with great food and service; you'll find us at the bar.

I had the bacon cheese burger.
Simple.
But it was one of the best.
Very flavorful.
Very good place, looks really cool.
A lot of hipsters though.

I was invited here for a birthday get together on a Sunday at 6 PM.
They had reserved a long table near the front of the restaurant and there were about 20 of us.
Now I know how hard it is on a server to deal with a table with 20 people who don't all arrive at the same time, but it seems that those of us who got there a little late (about 10 or 15 minutes) were pretty much ignored until the first round of drinks were done and they were ordering food.
THEN the rest of us ordered our drinks...and food.
The food was OK, I had the loaded chips (which had a lot more chips than the 'loaded' part) and a glass of wine.
Others in the party had burgers etc that looked pretty good.
We were all told by the host to bring cash as they only would provide one check (which is totally understandable) but I was not prepared for the valet parking, so I needed to break a 20.
Oh my gosh, you would think I was asking for the moon....the server was so put out.
The place was full and very very noisy.
It was almost impossible to talk to anyone in the party who wasn't sitting right next to you.
I think if I went back, I would go with a smaller party and sit in one of the leather booths along the side.

Valet parking is a must or you're hoofing it from parking down the residential street.
It's a well maintained nice looking bar/restaurant.
Not too hipster that you feel uncomfortable and music is not too loud you can't have a conversation.
We were seated quickly and had our drink orders in our hands in less than 5 mins.
90 Schilling on draft and enjoyed every last drop.
Our food order was taken fast and I had the crab cake sandwich which was very good but I would've added more sauce so it wasn't so dry.
Wifey had pulled pork sandwich and she enjoyed it thoroughly.
If it wasn't for the bad attitude on the manager I would've given it another star but we will see next time.

Tried the pancakes.
Very good.
Bacon was way too burnt and cold.
We will go back again and skip the bacon.

We're big fans of Churn and Federal Pizza.
I also like Postinos, but not as much as the other two.
Windsor has been a bit of a let down.
We did dinner with friends here a few weeks ago, particularly this restaurant for the kids menu and our friends had 3 kids under 10.
Good idea?
Yes.
Dinner for 8 was good and affordable.
I purposefully ordered a slightly bland meal due to preparing for a half marathon later that week.
Cocktails are good.
Apps are yummy.
But goodness me, do not come here when it's actually busy.
We had a group of 8 so we were able to get a reservation for dinner.
All of that was fine and we finished with ice cream at Churn.
It was a good night.
Brunch.
NO.
We arrived at 12:15.
We're post church brunchers.
We waited for 45 minutes to finally sit down, order a pitcher of pimms, and there was NO PIMMS in the pimms.
It tasted like lemon juice.
We asked to switch it out for a pitcher of beer (bad idea for this girl who doesn't really tolerate gluten).
Then we ordered.
Loaded chips, frittata for me, matador for husband, donuts to share.
No donuts.
How do you run out of donuts?
Seriously?
He comes back, no matador.
So, we have bad pimms, no donuts, and no matador.
All the food my husband was looking forward to, was a disappointment or unavailable.
My frittata was decent, husband's basic breakfast unappealing (I make a better basic than that) and the fruit cup saddening.
It's summer -- where were the berries!
Neither one of us was in the mood for beer so that didn't life our spirits.
Our lesson: don't go to brunch here.
The most depressing thing was that we tried it because we enjoyed our last experience.
And this experience we did not enjoy.
We know of other places where it may not be as gourmet, but we're in and out quickly and always leave happy.
What makes me really sad is that we probably won't return or recommend this restaurant.
I can't really go back now that I had that experience.
There are other places that haven't let me down, time after time.

I love this place!
Windsor is everything you want in a dive bar with none of the dirty dive bar characteristics.
Amazing food, delicious drinks, and wonderful drink specials.
While the menu isn't extensive, I would eat anything and everything on there.
I crave the Banh Mi White Fish Sandwich (especially since moving to  Colorado) and the Kale Salad is my favorite side.
Don't forget the Loaded Chips to start!!
The best part, the staff is so easy going when we use the coupons we receive for being in the email list.
Never do they make you feel like a cheapskate for using one and I have never been turned away for only having the email on my phone (not printed).
Dude, you guys rock!
I'll be in Phoenix next week and you better believe this place is on my to-do list!

We love coming here!!!
It's great for breakfast if you get there early.
Service gets a bit rough after 10:30.
But their donut holes have orange zest in them and are amazing.
But the gold medal flapjacks are one f my favorite breakfast items ever!!
I'm a syrup girl and I never eat syrup with these.
They are amazing plain but add the marscapone and strawberries and its perfection!!
My husband loves the rest of the menu as well.
They have an amazing Pimms Cup drink and my hubby loves the Bloody Mary bar.
Watch out for the green Bloody Mary it's spicy!
They are very kid friendly which we really appreciate.
We recently went for lunch, their kids menu was really nice.
I had the Windsor style burger.
Very good!
We are serious regulars here and love it!

Short Version:     Food - Better than good but not quite great  (4-)    Service - Our Waitress was stellar  (5)    Ambiance - Decent although felt somewhat crowded and loud  (Low 3)  All in all, this place deserved better than a 3 star rating but I don't think it is one of the better 4 star places.
Longer Version: We tried this place out on our last trip to Phoenix to add something a little different to the mix of seafood and southwestern places we tend to frequent on our trips to the desert.
We went to Windsor after a day and the Desert Botanical Gardens so wound up getting there shortly after sunset.
It took us a few passes to find the place as signage is small and not very visible.
Parking is in back (where the main door is) but the only wide handicap spots are in front (by the back door).
This little bit a confusion left us entering the back side after multiple trips up and down the street.
Not a great way to start the evening but we were willing to give it a try.
Since it was too hot for us outside, we chose to sit indoors.
The AC was not very efficient.
The floors were basic hard floors and the walls were mostly flat brick.
The overall visual effect was not bad but then again not particularly good either.
However; this made the auditory effect quite LOUD.
All sounds were echoed and amplified making a small place with few actual people quite noisy.
Add to this that there seemed to be too many tables in the small area and the table we were seated at was actually in what should have been a walk way made the overall ambiance a little on the negative side.
Oh did I mention that it was dark?
It was dark too.
A little too dark for our eyes to read the menu.
Well enough on the weaknesses of the place.
Time for some positives (as there were more to rave about than to complain about).
The service was better than great!
Our server was wonderful - fast, efficient, friendly and helpful.
All the things you want in a server.
She greeted us quickly, offered advice on the menu and fixed my problems right away.
The problem with the overall service was that the host staff didn't seem to care about us at all.
We came in from the street side which is there back door and had to wonder through the restaurant to find the host desk.
When we finally did they did not greet us for a while and actually did not offer to seat us or even put us on the wait list.
Oh well bad hostesses are trumped by excellent waitress.
Now for the reason to dine out: The Food!
We started out with a couple orders of the corn dog popper.
Since Big D does not like hot dogs he refused to try them but the rest of us enjoyed them.
We were glad to have them, but at 7 bucks an order I would not get them again.
For dinner I tried the Crab Cake BLT.
The mustard sauce was way too strong.
I had to send it back and get one without the sauce.
Our waitress was very accommodating in this regard.
Once the sandwich came back with a side of mayo it turned out to be very good.
I would very much like to try it again but the $16 price tag is a bit high for what you actually get.
Big D had a salad and a side of mac and cheese.
He raved about the mac and cheese but almost regretted the getting a salad instead of a more filling entrée.
Big D loves his mac and cheese and for him to rave about it means it must be more than excellent and the fact that he didn't offer any tastes to the rest of us really drives that point home.
J and L had the Picnic Kebobs and the Pork Ribs respectively.
Both ladies enjoyed their meals.
The kebobs seemed to be the better choice.
For sides the ladies had Coles Slaw - which they shared and loved as it was sweet and fresh - and the Market Vegetable - which they say was a mistake as there weren't enough for the meal.
I had the fries which were crisp delicious and plentiful.
Overall, the food is better than good but not quite great.
For most items the price is a few bucks over reasonable, entrée portions are good and the sides were decent.
We all agreed that the food was too good to be called a 3 but was not equal to other 4 stars.
This place was too good to be rated with only 3 stars but 4 stars almost seemed to be generous.
It was more like 3 and 5/8ths.

Consistently great food.
Servers can be a little moody, but always fast, attentive, and accommodating.
Love this place.
Churn is wonderful too for dessert.

I just ate at Windsor for the first time.
I have been going to Churn on the other side for a while and I love it.
Wish I could say the same for this place.
The ambience is ok. kind of a hipster vibe.
The service staff was very friendly.
My issue was with the food.
I brought my 4 year old during lunch time and we were seated right away.
They had a kids menu which was great.
Decent choices and great price.
She got the corn dogs with mac and cheese and fresh fruit and lemonade.
The lemonade was super sour.
Not something a kid would enjoy or an adult to be honest.
Her mac and cheese tasted really weird/bad and she didnt eat it so it must have been really bad cuz the kid would eat just about any mac n cheese as long as it was made simply.
Fancy mac n cheese isnt her thing.
She liked the corn dog nuggets and the fruit was pretty basic but tasted good.
I got the crab cake blt on a bed of lettuce (no bread).
The crab cakes were bland and cold.
I also got the kale salad which I didn't like but that may be that I barely tolerate kale on a good day and was forcing myself to eat my daily dose of greens.
Overall, I might be persuaded to come back to try something else on the menu but I think I'll just stick with going to Churn or maybe meeting friends at Windsor for happy hour or apps.

With most menus I stick to a few core items, but at Windsor it is a great idea to try a lot of new food.
The staff does not seem able to miss when it comes to a single menu item.
The vibe and decor is superior.
Staff is well trained, polite and informed.
This is another win for Central Phoenix.
I can finally stop driving far for dining options because Central Phoenix seems to have it all as of the past few years.

My wife and I visited this locally owned establishment on a  Sunday afternoon in August prior to a d'backs game.
We had visited Churn several times in the past (an artisan ice cream shop that's connected to Windsor), but never got around to dining at Windsor.
So we got there around 11am, and it was busy...20 minute wait busy.
To kill time we browsed the menu and noticed a couple of things.
First, happy hour...they have $5  drinks until 5pm everyday.
We're not talking well either.
They have a solid selection of craft beers, and eclectic cocktails.
After a few minutes a couple seats at the U shaped bar opened up so we took those instead of waiting for a table.
What a great move on our part.
The bartenders are great people and like to hang out and talk.
Plus when you need help understanding some of the ingredients in their cocktails they're right there to answer any questions.
My wife ordered the No.
22 and absolutely loved it.
I tasted it and although i'm not into the fruity drinks, this one was refreshing and flavorful.
I ordered a Deschutes Mirror Pond to kick things off, and then followed up with the No.
63 based on the recommendation of the bartender.
At first I was leaning toward the No.
87 which i'll try next time.
Food....we started with the cheddar fondue appetizer.
I'll warn you, this is a meal by itself.
It's served with fresh apples, sausage, and soft pretzels.
The fondue had tons of flavor and even a little spicy kick.
After gorging on the fondue we could have stopped, but for whatever reason I was still hungry.
We chose the Grilled Chicken Sandwich with sides of fried okra and chopped kale salad.
If you like spicy you'll love the sandwich.
It has a curry rub, along with a spicy jalapeno mayo.
Plus the bread seemed rather fresh, but I'm not sure if they make it in house (maybe they get it from a local bakery...dunno).
While dining we looked around to take in the full experience.
The restaurant has a rustic feel, but the patio is where it's at.
I can't wait for the temps to cool so we can go back and chill with friends on the patio.
Oh yeah...and grab some ice cream at Churn.
Don't forget to check out the cassette tape wall!

I am so happy that my husband suggested that we try this restaurant.
It's a great vibe and the food is really good.
He started with the deviled egg appetizer, while I ordered the corn dogs.
The egg was delicious- great blend of flavors.
The corn dogs were fried a little too long, and they could have used slightly bigger pieces of hot dogs, but the flavor was really good.
We then shared a pulled pork sandwich and a side of mac and cheese.
Sandwich was delicious, but the mac and cheese was under spiced.
The cocktails were well made, and service was attentive.
The restaurant had a nice atmosphere.
Can't wait to try them out for brunch.

awesome sunday morning spot!
Claire & Natalie have the bar covered - it is such a nice way to start a sunday with a bloody mary and a big smile.
the bloody mary bar rocks, I especially like the fresh grated horse radish.
outside patio is nice or sit with Clair & Natalie at the bar...they always have good stories to tell.
brunch menu is tasty - I like the matador eggs which is a classy huevos rancheros.

We went to have dinner on Tuesday nights, for their buttermilk fried chicken.
It was amazing.
We will definitely be going back, I would highly recommend this place to anyone!

After coming here a few times, the food is good, especially the Church's potatoes and Mac and cheese.
However, the drinks are in tiny glasses, weak, and expensive ($10 drinks are fine as long as they are buzz worthy after 1.
To their credit, they do have happy hour where the drinks are $5 (should be $5 or $6 regular price)

They have a great deal for happy hour and the food is consistently good.
I opt for the patio if possible.
Good place for after work drinks.

Flies, flies and more flies...when you have to use your menu to keep all the flies at bay you know there is a major problem...the fondue was totally avg.
Culinary Dropout's version is way better...Didn't eat anything because of the flies.
The waiter with the bad attitude didn't improve things...have a drink in side at the bar and move on....

I eat here often.
It's usually pretty good service and has a great patio.
We especially like the Ruben, it's possibly the best Ruben in town.
They always have great veggies for a side.
The kale salad is awesomely delicious depending on who is back there in the kitchen.
The consistency of the food is my only complaint.
The fondue appetizer is yummy but I am a sucker for hot pretzels.
It's one of my favorite places to go and they have a great happy hour.

My new favorite place!!
Just love the ambiance, dark pub feel, great bar and big booths to talk or watch the game.
awesome menu.
I highly recommend the Reuben.
Ask your server or bartender for the special drink concoction of the night.
Always have hit it out of the park!

Great food and drinks!
It's pricey, but the portion sizes are large and their happy hour menu has discounts on appetizers and $5 drink specials.
Our favorites are the kebabs and brown bag chicken sandwich.
Windsor is a regular date night spot for us--great patio area and a dimly lit romantic vibe if you eat inside.
Definitely check it out!

Oh no!
Beware!
Once you have something that's really amazing and mindblowing it's hard to go back!
It might seem dramatic but... Nearly two weeks ago I had the most amazing cheeseburger at Windsor.
It was everything and more!
I felt happy, high, relaxed, and satisfied.
Woo!
I decided to come to my usual burger joint for a $6 burger and it was just ok. Now that I have experienced Windsor cheeseburgers I don't know if I'll ever be satisfied with Smash Burger.
I feel like I cheated on my husband with a sexy man and now I look at my husband and although he has been consistently great, I now know that mindblowing is possible.
I know, I'm so intense when it comes to food but you only say that because you haven't had that cheeseburger...
I ordered the Windsor cheeseburger with an heirloom tomato salad and #17 off the drinks menu.
It was so good!
I would consider it a food orgasm!

Good food.
Very open environment.
Great service.
Worth trying out.
Happy hour specials look great.
Might have to go back for that.
recommend the mac/cheese and church pots.

FANTASTIC cocktails.
These guys are pretty genius.
The happy hour is a can't miss at $5 a drink.
The food, however, could be better.
My crab cake BLT wasn't very crabby nor did it have the crunch I had hoped.
Maybe breading it in panko would be a better idea.
There was too much bread, so I ended up just eating the crab cake.
The mac was solid, and the heirloom tomato salad was refreshing with the mint.
The bartenders were great and service was superb.
Definitely stop by the ice cream shop behind the kitchen for some fun toys and awesome desserts.

Backyard burger, Windsor style....
Hands down, best burger I've had.
And I'm not normally particularly fond of burgers.
Church's potatoes are yummy, as well as the seasonal veggies.
The fish sandwich was a tad spicy for me but it still had great flavor.
Definitely try and get there before 5 because the cocktails drop from like $9-$10 a piece to just $5.
They've got some great combos!
Pitchers of beer/glasses of wine are also $5 before 5.
After your meal head next door to Churn (owned by the same people) and get some delicious treats, ranging from ice cream, to fresh baked cookies.

I stopped by here to check it out because I loved Postinos.
The wait staff is unfriendly and rude.
They can't make a good martini to save their life.
There are much better places to go in that area that are a ton better.
If you are thinking of going here move on.

Celebrating a birthday here and found Windsor to be just the ticket.
Service was exemplary, the throw-back cocktails were astounding.
Especially loved the #04 - try it, you'll love it.
Actually everything we tried was delish.
Cocktails, starters, dinners, and ice cream dessert.
We shared the mini corn-dogs (yum) and the roulette of roasted peppers (surprisingly yum) pre-dinner.
Everybody ordered something different and all was quite good - pork sandwich, tuna tartare, ahi tuna salad, white fish sandwich, and the short ribs - I would have any one of them again.
As said before, service was excellent and the place has great music playing with a hip wall to check out as you enter the restroom area.
Be forewarned though - the parking lot is TINY.

Windsor is hands down one of my favorite places to go to in all of Arizona.
The Backyard Burger and the Pastrami Reuben are both delicious but my personal favorite is the Porkwich and as a guy...
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT.
When I first discovered Windsor earlier this year, the Porkwich was the menu item that caught my eye as unique and a must try.
For the longest time, I had a difficulty trying other menu items because I enjoyed the sandwich so much.
Stepping out of your comfort zone and being adventurous is a good thing because they have other excellent menu items as well.
The Porkwich is still my guilty pleasure.
Windsor is part of the Upward Projects group who also own Postino's and Federal Pizza (both of which are amazing restaurants in their own way).
Windsor is an excellent establishment for both their food, bar, service, and atmosphere.
Inside where the bar is, there is a wall full of cassette tapes on a side wall.
Definitely cool.
They play great music in the restaurant / bar area and the atmosphere is definitely cool, the reason why the place is enjoyable.
Outside is a very laid back lounge / outdoor dining area with a fireplace.
Great food... fun and enjoyable atmosphere, what more could you want?
Oh yeah!
The reason why my brother loves this place is because they have a great liquor menu and I'm pretty sure the bartenders are amazing enough to make something complicated too if that's your thing.

Went here for lunch.
Love the valet parking since parking can be tricky.
The boiled egg dip is excellent and the fried okra.
Friendly staff and stocked bar.

This place is hip as f****.
They've got a fricken wall completely covered in cassette tapes, not just any cassette tapes but good music too!
The atmosphere is my favorite thing about the place, dimly lit cozy feel.
Inside is like a speakeasy pub type vibe, outside is a cool little seating area with heaters and whatnot for when it gets colder.
The menu is different, heh.
Just a lot of non standard dishes.
This is a great date spot and even has a little ice cream place next door (which I also reviewed).

The Mixed Grains salad--with their house smoked salmon--was deeee-lish!
The goat cheese is the "icing" on top!
The ferro & quinoa make it filling salad.
Will def do this again!

This review is brutal honesty... so take it for what you will.
Their menu is small.
I mean, almost uncomfortably small.
Probably 2/3 the size of Postino's menu, which is already a small (side note:  AMAZING) menu.
I was told to go here by everyone in creation because of the owners (meaning, the other places in town they own), and because the food is supposedly amazing.
What was amazing:  The staff.
The restaurant itself.
The location.
What was not amazing:  Parking.
The food.
I don't actually eat burgers, so it was my fault for ordering one.
That said, there are NOT a ton of choices for non-lovers of meat... so I ordered a burger because I sometimes get a hankering for one.
...
Medium well was pretty seriously pink.
The meat... was not my favorite flavor.
The bun... well, I love bread and I didn't love this bun.
My co-diner, however, loved her food.
Why four stars?
The staff really is amazing.
I know that any normal burger eater would have probably devoured my burger.
I do love this location.
Don't not go here on my account - UNLESS you do not love meat.
Then just go to Postino.

Love the location (not the parking but thats a lot of places in phoenix).
Yummy cocktails and the fattoush salad was a delight.
Snuck a bite of my friend's side mac and cheese and it tasted like something I would want to eat every day for the rest of my life.
Great service, cool atmosphere.

This place is cool and quirky.
If you like the vibe of Arrogant Butcher, but think their food isn't great -- this is the place for you.
This place doesn't sacrifice atmosphere for good food.
I ordered the porkwich, which came with three kinds of pork with barbeque sauce.
It was tasty and the BBQ sauce wasn't too sweet, which I appreciated.
The kale side salad wasn't my favorite, but it wasn't bad.

We had a great experience at Windsor.
Loved the atmosphere and the service was great as well.
When trying a place for the first time I like to ask for a recommendation.
The bartender suggested the #17 or #76.
I really enjoyed the #76 which was similar to a blood orange margarita.
He called it a "party drink" and I would have to agree.
After 2 I was feeling a little toasty.
We also tried a side of macaroni and cheese and a side of fried okra just as a small snack.
The Mac n cheese was creamy and also baked with bread crumbs on top.
Some of the best I've had in a while.
My friend thought she didn't care for okra but found out having it friend was good, of course!
It's fried!!!
;) would definitely like to come back for happy hour or a meal to try more items from their unique menu!

I made my way back the other day while in the area to try the grain salad I have heard a lot about.
I love salads, and I loved this salad.
It had so many wonderful flavors.
I really loved when I would get a burst of basil from the dressing.
The roasted tomatoes were amazing, I came home and made a salad with roasted tomatoes because they were so good.
I ordered some church potatoes to go for my Sis to eat after surgery to cheer her up, and ohhhh boy did they.
Man those potatoes are FREAKING AMAZE SAUCE!!

Holy WOW!
My husband and I tried Windsor for the first time on a date night this past weekend.
We are non-drinkers, so I cannot attest to everyone else's love for the bar vibe, but the FOOD was beyond good.
I ordered the Burger, Windsor Style, which was definitely good, but with the side of Mac & Cheese (which by the way is likely one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth).
My husband laughed because I ate my entire plate of food (which is something I rarely accomplish).
My husband had the pork sandwich which he said was equally just as incredible.
Dinner here, then dessert at Churn next door.
You can't go wrong!
Incredible atmosphere.
We'll definitely be back!

My boyfriend and I went there for a date night, and the food was amazing.
I loved the Russian roulettes, however I do wish we encountered a larger amount of peppers that had more spicy to them.
I got the crab cake blt with fries, it was so good and you get some much food for the price.
My boyfriend got the brown bag chicken sandwich and he are the whole thing.
We both ordered wine and some water.
Our waters were constantly full however we were never asked if we'd like another glass of wine.
We both loved their playlist and the atmosphere.
Overall its a good place to for dinner or brunch

Love the ambience.
the inside has a "loft" feel to it and the patio is very inviting.
great place for a casual date.
They serve soups, salads, and sandwiches.
The brown Bag sandwich is phenomenal.

Ate here tonight with my hubby.
Food was very good, I had the grain salad with shrimp, hubby had the bacon cheeseburger with Mac & cheese and if was tasty!!!!
We had the mini corn dogs for app really good and the drenched chips which were so so.
Overall great atmosphere , we took our 6 month old baby and will be returning again!

SOOOOO delicious!!
I got the veggie stack and fell in love!
The quinoa was soo flavorful and everything went together so well!
My boyfriend got the Fish Sandwich and that was super yummy as well!!
We were in town for a wedding and tried this place out and were so sad that we can't be regulars because we live so far away in CA!

have to give another shoutout for Windsor - bloody Mary's and the bloody mary bar are the best and this morning's frittata was excellent but its the staff who rock the house.
Claire is the High Priestess of the bar, Jacob has an excellent smile and great demeanor, and Olivia is a totally unique person...love her style.

My go to Central Phoenix hangout, Windsor has not disappointed.
I love the decor, the crowd, the super friendly and professional staff and the #17!
A cucumber, green tea and mint cocktail.
I get one almost every time I visit...and I always try to visit during their half priced happy hours that go until 5pm, even on Saturdays.
For a week night, it is kind of an odd ending time for a happy hour...no post work specials if you're working a 9-5.
I've only eaten here a couple times, and the last time I had the mac and cheese side dish.
I'm a sucker for mac and cheese when I see it on any moderate to upscale menu.
It was heavenly!
Creamy, topped with bread crumbs and finished in the oven for a nice 'crust'.
I will continue to be a patron and every time I introduce friends to what Central Phoenix has to offer, Windsor is at the top of the list.

The Rueben.
Seriously.
If you like Reubens.... Let me say this.
This sandwich is like sex in your mouth.
And not just regular sex.
GREAT sex.
Seriously.
The cassette tapes are cool as well.
Like taking a walk down musical memory lane every time I need to pee.

I wish I came to this place with more of an appetite.
But I didn't so I got a salad.
I got the fattoush salad.
It was delicious!
The only thing I didn't like about it was all the thick pita bread chunks in it.
It would have been better had they put in thin crispy pita chips.
Anyway, I know them and postinos are affiliated with each other so I didn't expect anything bad about this place which I didn't get.
The service was good.
The restaurant is nice.
The wait sucks but I think it's worth it.

It was great!
We came from out of town and that was our first stop.
It was super cute and trendy inside and outside.
It had great music, staff, drinks, food, and vibes.
I'm glad we went :)

Love love love their food!
I have gone there twice and had great service and great food.
Once we ate there and the second time chose to do take away.
I would recommend them to anyone!

Let me begin by saying, if you aren't the type who likes reviews to be protracted: the place was bomb-diggity.
Hella delish.
Gut-busting.
Our visit to the Windsor got off on the right foot.
The place is centrally located on Central Avenue.
We visited on a Saturday night, and as we were driving in, the parking lot looked crammed to the gills.
But not to worry, thanks to the free valet parking!
The aesthetics of the place made it feel like a cross between a swank steakhouse in the lobby of an enormous hotel, and a hip, jam-packed bar where all the cool kids go on Saturday night.
It was a young crowd.
People were well-dressed.
The maître d was the sole exception, but he made up for his faux pas of an outfit (an obnoxious sailor-striped shirt of red-white-and-blue with a too-small turquoise coat) with a sweet handlebar mustache.
It was a 20 minute wait for a table, a wait time that surely must have been hand-crafted, because it is a magic number: small enough to entice hungry visitors to stay and wait for a table, long enough to whet appetites, grab (and finish) a cocktail, and heighten appreciation of a meal.
Or, wander next door into the candy shop.
That's right.
A candy shop.
And not just a candy shop: a kaleidoscope of sugar, a five-year-old's dream vacation, a CIA black site for diabetics, everything bright pink and bright red and bright green and bright blue and bright white, the whole place smelling like we had all been miniaturized and placed in a candle jar with a scent like "Sugar Cookie" or "Butter Cream Dessert.
" We got our ass kicked by some house-made Vietnamese Coffee ice cream (Vietnamese coffee is the kind of coffee that makes American coffee run home grumbling and holding its tail between its legs while the ghost of Dick Nixon rambles on about "peace with honor").
We returned to the restaurant, and seats opened up at the bar, which has full food service, so we picked a house cocktail called "No.
63″ and relished in the hip swagger, the debonaire carelessness, of ordering a drink by number, as though we were at the Burger King drive-thru.
Unfortunately for us, we failed to ask the waitstaff for a drink recommendation, which they expertly provide anyone smart enough to ask, and the drink we chose - Kentucky bourbon, grapefruit juice, honey syrup, slice of orange - did not match our dish well.
But the drink was above-average: a sunset-colored explosion of delicious orange liquor with a hint of rind.
From the menu, we ordered a bacon cheeseburger, and it must be said that this bacon cheeseburger was unlike any other bacon cheeseburger we've ever tried.
When it arrived we began to dig in, and quickly found ourselves elbow-deep.
It was like some giant cheeseburger had been knocked up by a slab of saucy pork ribs, and given messy birth on a bed of McDonalds french fries, with ourselves serving as the midwife.
Steak sauce went everywhere; the bun was flimsy formality; a knife and fork were (to borrow a phrase from mathematics) necessary but insufficient conditions for eating the cheeseburger.
Time seemed to stand while we ate.
When the bacon cheeseburger had been completely subsumed, we returned to our drink, which had been neglected throughout the entire course of our serving as midwife (in a rather Saturnarian manner).
Soon after the glass had been emptied, it was as though we had pushed a "call attendant" button on a plane: a waitress arrived, asking if she could get another drink.
Affirmative.
Then the bartender who was helping us asked if he could get us another; then the bartender who was not helping us asked if she could get us another.
Such good service led us to experience what can only be described as culture shock: being native to San Francisco, where, when you stand at a bar to order a drink, the bartenders will size you up without looking at you and insert you into an undisclosed spot in their mental queue, ignore you for an undisclosed amount of time (average: 20 minutes) with the icy deliberateness of a corpse, then (when you begin to die a long and protracted death from dehydration) suddenly glare at you and growl "What do you want?
" and roll their eyes at whatever lame thing you ordered, we had developed a kind of Stockholm syndrome, where the prospect of having a bartender too cool to bother with good service created a thrill of excitement.
Yes, of course we will pay more to be treated poorly!
It took some acclimatization to understand that, no, experiencing such good service did not mean the Windsor was a trashy, low-quality place.
Au contraire, mon frere!
When it came time to leave, the check was in a shot glass in front of us, constantly updated, so it was easy as pie to pull the pin.
We waddled out with a big fat food baby gestating in our stomachs.
And we didn't even THINK about going next door for dessert.

I know everybody loves this place and it does have a nice charm.
I really appreciated that in December they were not playing Christmas music during my meal!
I have eaten here a few times and while I enjoy my meal for me it's nothing spectacular.
Even the loaded chips everyone recommended were only so so to me.
The menu does have a variety of unique choices which is worth giving a try and I'm sure I will be back with friends again but this is not someplace that I would pick on my own.

Oh, how I adore the Windsor.
I've been here many times.
And it's taken me far too long to write a review.
Centrally located (Camelback & Central) with a kick butt happy hour they offer impeccable service.
I like that.
On a sunny day when thinking of a patio?
You should come here.
The servers are a mix of pin-up dolls and retro styles.
A bit of punk but no attitude.
You can stand for more than a minute without multiple people asking if you've been helped.
I like that.
If you've got a large group, the Windsor can accommodate you.
If you've got tiny human beings with you, the acoustics work in your favor.
The rest of us can barely hear you!
(And there are crayons for the tiny ones!
) This is a dog friendly patio too.
Neat!
I like that.
The sandwiches are wonderful.
The soups and salads are too.
I've eaten my way through quite a few.
My first experience here with a sandwich was with envy.
Yes, envy.
I had eaten prior to joining for a happy hour, and my friend ordered the "Brown Bag Chicken Sandwich".
Toasted hazelnuts, avocado, oven roasted tomatoes, goat cheese (HOH), chicken (OK, yes, I almost forgot that) and some green stuff hits the spot.
I came back and had that.
A few times.
Today I had something called the "Porkwich".
I was sold immediately by the mere mention of bacon.
Pulled pork, tender belly ham, smoked bacon, layered with gold sauce & crunchy coleslaw on a buttermilk bun.
YUM.
No, I did not share with my table mate.
Hey, it was my HBD weekend :)  Nom, nom, nom!
None for anyone else!
When the sandwich greeted my palate we were immediate friends.
The bacon was perfectly cooked.
Not over cooked or dry.
But not under cooked either.
Mixed with the ham and pork, the sandwich was a delight.
I like this place.
I'll just keep saying that.
Got it?
I like this place!

Another one of my favorite spots in Central Phoenix!
Windsor is close to my sister's place so she took us here a while back.
We have since been back many times after that!
Windsor is super classy and has great food for a great price.
I have to say they have one of the best fries, cut skinny and made super crispy.
I'm a big lover of french fries so that says a lot!
I usually share a Backyard Burger with the hubs and we've had it both the classic style and windsor style and both are worth ordering!
You really can't beat $5 pitchers for their happy hour, but if it's not happy hour they're still only like $7!
I always go for the hoegaarden but they have a great selection.The mac and cheese is crazy good too, I would recommend giving it a try!
On a side note, they have great coffee and the ambiance is freakin romantic.
Great date night spot!

Possibly the most incompetent bar staff in Phoenix.
It's as if it's an inconvenience for them to get you another drink.

One of my favorite spots in phoenix.
Great atmosphere, friendly staff, amazing food!
St. Louis style ribs and porkwhich are like high quality meth.

Really great place that I'm glad my friend found.
I love the out seating area, there was plenty of heating so even though it was cold out we sat out there.
Beer Selection - Hop Knot Food Ceviche Beef stroganoff - This was really excellent, I cant wait to make it on a night they have the lobster sandwich.

It's 5 o'clock somewhere but you want to get here before 5 because that's when happy hour ends.
I have not tried their food but their atmosphere is undeniably Upward Projects.
I just wish they had more beer on tap.

Finally had the opportunity to experience Windsor after hearing about it from a good friend.
My husband and I went for lunch and sat at the bar which is without a doubt the best seat in the house, thanks to bar tenders Roman and Matt and the open wall between the bar and patio, which essentially gave us outside seating on a beautiful winter afternoon in Phoenix.
I have been on a quest for the best pastrami sandwich in the valley and found it here.
If you are looking for quantity, go to Chompies, but if you are looking for a reasonably sized sandwich full of flavor, then Windsors should be on your list of places to go.
There is a nice list of sides that are included with your entree.
As a side I had the macaroni and cheese.
It was good, but I make my own mac and cheese from scratch and would be willing to make an arrangement with Windsor and share the recipe!
My husband had the Windsor burger with bacon and a side of french fries and had no complaints.
Happy hour until 5:00 includes $5 pitchers of a small but good collection of beer, a glass of wine, or unique cocktails, which we were given small samples of as they were made (I told you... the bar has the best seats!
)  We do not live close to the central corridor but will definitely make it back to Windsor soon  so that we can experience the good company of Matt and Roman and their palatial delights!

Service has gone downhill recently.
Our orders have come out wrong the past 2 visits.
Also, the food takes forever to come out and long stretches of time will pass without anyone checking on you.
I don't care for the six-hipster-servers-per-table approach, as most of them look annoyed if you need something and/or ignore you, while your "main" server seems to vanish after taking your order.
They should stick to the traditional method of one (hipster) server to a table.
But I love the food, so I will put up with it.

They pay attention to detail: The service is attentive without being intrusive.
The food is delicious: Freshly made for each person - you would think this is a new concept, but apparently it is rare these days Decor is hip: Even my wife loves it -- Think of this place when you want a great breakfast Think of this place when you want a salad - and get one of theres Think of this place if you want a cocktail (and get a designated driver).
Its a great place - put it on your list

Great atmosphere, great food and great '80's music playing.
Will definitely be back!

Thought this place was OK but probably not something I'd rave about.
Stopped here for lunch.
Ordered the brown bag chicken sandwich - it was only OK, just not what I expected.
Husband ordered the pulled pork sandwich which was really yummy.

I can't believe its taken me so long to write a review on this place.
Windsor is an extremely cozy and fun place to hang for a couple of drinks and dinner/apps, whatever you're in the mood for.
I love the urban-chic decor and the staff is always friendly.
I brought two of my friends here from CA on separate occasions and they both loved it.
The reason I keep going back is because I love it even more.
The food is delicious and they have a ton of beer selections.
There's also a beautiful patio that happens to have the same exact fireplace that is in my living room.
Overall, great food, great drinks, great atmosphere, great service.
A+ all around.
Fried chicken on Mon and Tues.

Often, at least once a week, I'm here having a Pastrami Reuben and an IPA.
Sometimes I'll switch it up and have the Fatoosh Salad w/ Chicken and a side of Fried Okra.
Where else in Phoenix can you find Okra?
I prefer dining on the outside patio to being inside, that's just me.
There've been a number of friends that have visited from Pittsburgh or Denver, this is the spot that I bring each of them.
The Windsor is known for it's local vibe that embraces you the moment that you enter.
Don't let the pub and tavern feel throw you, there is great food here and some fine hand-crafted cocktails as well.
There's also complimentary valet by Desert Parking, hand the guy / girl $2 or $3 dollars, it's worth it.
Windsor Square has strict parking enforcement due to the increased traffic from Upwards Projects restaurants ( Joyride Tacos Central, Federal Pizza, Postino Central, Churn and Windsor.
)  I might even go as far as to say that they are re-creating the North-Central business community, in a good way.

This is place is simply Awesome!
They are owned by Upwards project which has pretty much by themselves revitalized the Camelback/central area, by opening up 5 restaurants!
This place has wonderful food, the Porkwich with a side of church potatoes being my favorite!
Went here for my birthday and ordered the ribs.
Aside from a little to much sauce, they were really good.
The grilled chicken sandwich is defiantly one of the best you can get.
Customer service has always been one of my favorite things about eating here.
Everyone is super friendly.
The wait staff do not have assigned tables, instead everyone helps everyone else.
No more waiting to get your glass filled, or get the check!
I wish every place was this easy to get service at.
I would highly recommend them!

This place is a neat, small and fun restaurant.
Very good staff that are very accommodating.
Best of all the food is amazing, fresh and fast.
On a nice warm day enjoying lunch on the patio at this place is such a nice relaxing time in the middle of central phoenix.

Hello heaven...
I love this place - the vibe is great, the decor is cool, the casette tape wall is radical, and they don't scoff at you if you ask to turn on a patio heater.
The staff is prompt, my drink was never empty (wine ... oh, the wine!
), and the fondue was delicious.
I can't wait to go back!
Until we meet again ...

This is a delayed review from mid-December 2013.
I came here with 3 colleagues and a companion.
My companion needed to wrap up his own work so he was late in meeting up with us.
Colleagues and I ordered appetizers, drinks, and entrees while waiting for him.
We had ceviche, deviled egg dip and chips, and corn dog poppers.
I don't know if you heard the one woman demolition derby was in town, but I obliterated the deviled egg dip.
I don't even like bacon or gorgonzola.
The savoriness and tanginess of all mixed together hit the spot and all spots, for that matter.
A large party having a holiday exchange arrived after us and were seated in an area behind us.
Let's say this was a 15 person party.
As I was seated facing the kitchen I watched tray after tray after tray being delivered to them although they arrived after us.
Chalking it up to our incomplete party or perhaps a prix fixe menu, I was hardly concerned.
Finally, our entrees arrived probably a good hour or so after initial orders.
My special man friend arrived about 5 minutes after our entrees did.
He placed his order and received his meal in under 15 minutes.
We were having a grand old time but imagine our surprise when the waiter informed us our ENTIRE party of 5 had our ENTIRE bill COMPED due to the delay.
For the record, we did not complain or show any consternation.
Great proactivity in anticipating customer needs and flawless service!
Amy's Baking Company, you taking notes?
If I lived in Phoenix I would make this a weekly spot.
Oh.
Good music too.
Notorious BIG and MGMT.
I love it when you call me Big Poppa .
and give me that electric feel.

I really like this place.
The service staff is friendly and sincere, the prices are great, and they have a lovely patio area.
They only lose one star for uber frustrating parking and tight indoor seating.
Things here I have had, were ALL sooo good: Fondue Kale Salad Mac N Cheese Lots of beer selections  I love that you can order smaller portions of beer here.
They have some many good ones from which to choose that it allows you to have a lil' variety!

Birthday brunch with Mom.
Was absolutely fantastic.
Toasted with a cava and aperol spritzer.
Mom had crab cakes eggs benedict, which I had to beg for a bite of...super yummy.
For me (and was even gluten free) the "Matador" two eggs over easy stacked with super crispy tortillas and cheesy potatoes, smothered with salsa verde...delicious!!
Service was great, weather was beautiful and even ran into two of my favorite friends.
Great experience all around.

Great beer specials.
Love that it's family owned and associated with Churn, even though I've never ordered from Churn.
I've tried the appetizers but I'll stick with the beer specials.
I've tried all of their drafts and they are wonderful.
Great for friends and dates.

Cool, sexy vibe in a relaxed and welcoming atmosphere?
Yep!
Friendly attentive waitstaff?
Yes sir!
Out of this world Bahn Mi Whitefish Sandwich?
Oh god yes!
Delectably delicious Kale Caesar Salad with chicken?
I mean, really, can I just get an Amen!?
No.
17 cocktail?
Yes Yes Yes!
What's not to love about Windsor?
Nothing.
Ok, maybe the fact that you have to valet park your vehicle... but I'm actually starting to warm up to that.
By the way, I literally tried to take a picture of our food and drink before eating/drinking it, but it was physically impossible!
Just way too good and I had to scarf it down.
So so very good.
Bookmark this place if you haven't... and then just go!

My new favorite place!!
Just love the ambiance, dark pub feel, great bar and big booths to talk or watch the game.
awesome menu.
I highly recommend the Reuben.
Ask your server or bartender for the special drink concoction of the night.
Always have hit it out of the park!

Great live, cool place.
Whole grain salad is excellent as well as the frittatas and entres.
Interesting people all around with nice energy and friendliness.

Great, fun, local place.
We went with a party of four on a Saturday night, and the wait wasn't too long.
It was a bit hard to find a parking spot, and you definitely have to watch the signs on the local streets to make sure you're parking in an unrestricted spot.
The bar was great fun, with a good selection of craft beers, reasonably priced.
After about 30 minutes, we were seated in a cozy, corner booth.
The service was amazing, with several people consistently stopping by to make sure everything was attended to.
We ordered: Backyard Burger with Fried Okra Bacon Cheeseburger with Kale Salad Crab Cake BLT with Mac & Cheese Pastrami Reuben with Jo's Church Potatoes  Everything was delicious and prepared as ordered.
The burgers were booth cooked perfectly and they got the bacon nice and crispy which is always a plus in my book.
The fried okra (one of my favorite sides) was awesome.
Nice and crunchy and not so salty like a lot of places like to serve it.
We will definitely be going back to this one.

Just got back from dinner so this is fresh as can be.
I will make this review quick and simple  Bartending rocked.
Even though it was super busy she made time to make sure we were being taken care of (good job Claire!).
The Porkwich was sexy and delish.
I neverrrrrrrrrrrr like coleslaw but dang... perfect combo with the combined ingredients of my entree.
Pork belly corndogs... highly recommended for a bar snack!
Soup of the day was chicken tortilla... Love the heat in the soup but Salad portion could have been a bit more balanced with the soup but maybe that is asking a bit much for $10?
Still enjoyed thoroughly!
Also why the massive crouton?
lol....  Go there if you haven't, definitely my favorite upward projects restaurant for sure!
(maybe a close tie with postino)  Amazing vibe and architecture to add***

After a few more trips to Windsor, I have to say that I am a serious fan.
Yes, the ambiance and decor continue to be wonderful.
The service is always great.
After sampling a few more eats in Phoenix, I had to bump Windsor up to a 5 for a few reasons:  1.
Whoever runs the bar is amazing, because the taps are impeccably clean as evidenced by the fact that any beer you have at Windsor tastes better than pretty much anywhere else you get can get the same draft.
Definitely makes for a nice dining experience, especially when you're having $5 pitchers during happy hour.
Amazing brunch, with a simple but sufficient menu.
The Matador is great, and the accompanying salsa verde brings your tastebuds pretty close to heaven.
The chef poaches eggs perfectly.
And bloody mary bar: need I say more?
Anyone who can make kale taste this good is a hero.
Mac&cheese is wonderful without feeling too heavy/greasy/depressing.
Fries are yummy, too, which isn't always the case at nice restaurants.
Wonderful, large, shaded patio with comfortable seating that has large heaters to warm you up during the cool weather.

Overall, I had a good experience at Windsor, but it wasn't my favorite.
I love the patio.
My friend and I were there on a Sunday later afternoon, and it was pretty packed.
After I arrived, it was at least 10 minutes until the server came to get my drink order, so that kind of irked me.
Our server did get a little more attentive as the meal progressed, thankfully.
We had the corn dog appetizer to start with.
I wish the batter had been cooked just a tad bit more so that they were more crunchy, but they were still pretty good.
They also came with fried pickles, which I love.
I requested a side of ranch to use for dipping instead of the yellow mustard that came with the appetizer.
For me entrée, I had the shortribs.
If shortribs are on a menu, I will almost always order that.
With this dish, the meat was cooked very well and was tasty, but there was something I didn't love about the accompaniments.
They were too earthy or something, I can't put my finger on it.
So, it was good, but not as good as I was hoping for.
I've only heard good things about Windsor from friends, so I would go back for a second time, but it's not somewhere that I'm going to put on the top of my restaurant list.

What a fantabulous experience enhanced my the service, especially Mattie (one of the bartenders).
I arrived and sat at the bar since I was solo.
I am always hesitant especially when I'm not drinking, but Mattie was so personable that anxiety went away.
I told him it was my first time and that I had seen a few items on the menu.
I told him what I was thinking and then he told me some of his favorites.
So we settled on a hybrid of opinions.
I had the Kale Caesar, the Grilled Chicken Sandwich with a side of the Jo Church's Potatoes.
The croutons on the salad were heavenly and the grilled sandwich was fantastic.
I am not quite sure how they pulled all of the pieces together (mangoes, jalapeno mayo, tomatoes, onions) but they did.
One thing to note was that on a hoagie.. this sandwich was MESSY, but I licked my fingers.
As for the potatoes..
I wouldn't order them again..
They are like really decadent cheesy hashbrowns.
Too rich for my liking and I *heart* cheese.
A nice touch was that the manager maybe gave me a coupon for a free scoop of ice cream at their sister restaurant.
I was like wow!
That's pretty cool.
Now let's discuss parking.
can you say the PITS.
I parked in the neighborhood behind the restaurant, but be sure to read the signs.. No one has time for tickets or tows.
I will totally recommend it to others.

Winsor is such a cozy place to have dinner with friends, or just date night.
Great beer and great staff they have here.
I had the mac and cheese and the hummus, it was delicious, ohhh.
And the veggie stack was amazing.
:) That's dinner, Then go next door to churn :) yummm dessert!
I shall return

Straight out Brooklyn, Mission District, or even Austin comes the preferred home of the Phoenix hipster.
A very solid menu, patio and ambiance.
Conversely the parking situation and service leave a little to be desired.

Went for lunch today with my parents.
Waited only 15 minutes around 1:00 for a table outside.
I've been only once before for drinks and was seated at exact same table, against the brick wall.
I could hardly hear my parents.
Between the extra loud music and bad acoustics, we had to yell to have a conversation.
:(  mind you I'm a club person and love music, just not while I'm eating and trying to enjoy others company.
I shared the pulled pork sandwich and kale salad, both awesome.
But the sandwich was drowning in honey mustard sauce.
The service was not the greatest and the waiter was not friendly at all.
Only asked my dad how his burger was, which he said was good.
The food and drinks are really great.
But not sure I'll be going again soon unless its off peak time and sit inside.

Very good food.
They seem to have something for everyone.
They also have some interesting drinks, not just your common cocktails.
The decor is awesome, and the wall of cassette tapes is cool.
Do not forget to visit the ice cream parlor right next door (connected)  It is a little odd, the front door is in the back, and there is not really a hostess, you just kind of walk right into the commotion.
They are generally super friendly and someone will greet you, and then someone will seat you.

Anyone who doesn't give this place 5 stars is a criminal.
I was in the restaurant business for years when I was younger so have a keen eye for service.
This place is phenomenal.
On any given visit you will probably encounter 4-6 employees as they are ALL there to help you.
Great ambiance and the food menu is straight and to the point.
No Cheesecake Factory where you have to read a book to find what you want to eat.
Good cocktails and a small, yet good beer selection.

We were here a few weeks back.
The 2x's we've been here have been a great experience.
The service....drinks...food...atmosphere..all fabulous!

I like to dog pile on the other great reviews about windsor.
Something about the ambiance of this place made me feel like we were not in Phoenix any more.
It's like I clicked my heels and we were in the 90's.
I know I went from physical change to a time space continuum one, weird right.
But that's how I felt and I have a right to my feelings.
Anyways, check it out, good food and really nice place.

Had the bacon cheeseburger again.
As always it was very good.
Came here with a large group of friends celebrating a birthday.
We were able to find as great spot to accommodate us all.
The beer prices are awesome.
$5 for a pitcher.
Very good deal.

From the get go service was exceptional.
We were offered drinks while waiting for our table.
Once seated, our drink orders were taken and someone came by to make sure that we were able to get our orders in.
Servers were friendly and quick with the beer!
Very nice, rustic ambiance.
One of our party ordered short ribs and a sandwich came instead.
The waitress apologized for putting the order in wrong and let us keep the sandwich!
I ordered the apple brandy cocktail and it was amazing!
Not too sweet.
For dinner we ordered the white fish bon mi and brown bag chicken sandwich with Mac and cheese and sweet potato fries.
The fries were sweet and salty, with what seems to be house made ketchup.
The Mac and cheese needed pepper.
The bon mi has refreshing.
Not served on a French roll, but definitely something I would get again.
The chicken sandwich is a cold sandwich, filled with nuts and fruit...
Delicious.
I was blown away when I went to the restroom and there was a line...
The employees in line let me cut ahead!
The music played was hip/alternative; added to the environment.
We don't give 5 stars often, but this place deserved it!
We wish we had come before 5pm... 5$ cocktails, wine, and beer pitchers.

My husband, son and I have decided Windsor is an established go-to for the entire family!
Austin (son) loves the Porkwich, while Deane and I travel back and forth between the burgers, fish sandwich and various salads.
Sunday brunch here is not to be missed!
Also, the bar offers a variety of interesting, original drinks.
Best yet, curve right around the corner in the same establishment and you can get freshly made ice cream at Churn (in the same building).
GREAT place; come here all the time and would recommend it to anyone who appreciates good food, interesting atmosphere and friendly people.

Windsor is one of our "go to brunch spots" if we want a place with a nice outdoor patio & cheap cocktails.
They have a very small, limited brunch menu so if you want a wide variety, this would not be the place.
However, my favorite brunch item is the matador which has a layer of crispy tortillas, eggs, griddled potatoes topped with salsa & guacamole.
Overall, their brunch is good but  I wouldn't say it's the best brunch.
BUT they do have a good lunch menu...my boyfriend's fav is the chicken sandwich.
I think this place is more known for their $5 cocktails.
My favorite is the "pitcha of pimms".

It doesn't get much better.
Service was great.
All the employees serve a purpose in each dinning experience so there's a great flow to the meal.
I had side kale salad and was pleasantly surprised.
Backyard burger was delish.
And the kids menu hits the spot for all parents.
Thanks guys!

This review is mostly due to the absolutely horrible attitude our table was given and the horrible service by the server named Emma.
Why in the world they would have someone so miserable working there is beyond me.
The food won't even get a review.
We couldn't get past the fact we wet treated as a huge inconvenience to our server.

Went there a couple weeks ago on a Saturday night around 7:30, seated right away and had amazing service.
Water immediately, drink orders within 30 seconds of being seated and our server was attentive but not annoying.
No.
17 cocktail was tasty.
Refreshing and not too syrupy sweet like most cocktails.
We ordered the cheddar fondue to start.
Great idea, poor execution.
They lit a tea light at the table to melt the liquid cheddar to warm it but it never really got warm so just thick liquid room temp cheddar was the result.
I would imagine maybe they could keep it warm in the kitchen so it's ready upon serving?
Zap it even?
The pretzel bread that came with it was amazing.
For an entree, I got the porkwich.
Really good but really salty, I think that's just what you get when you order a sandwich with three types of pork though.
I ordered fries as my side so I'm sure that didn't help the salty flavor.
My boyfriend ordered ribs and I got a taste, the sauce was very rich with a tiny kick which was unique.
Churn is right next door so that's a plus as well.
My only disappointment is the limited menu, it's about one page & I like to have options.
But still, there were a couple other dishes I will definitely try in the future.

The atmosphere and music is was great.
They have a nice patio, weather was great, so we sat outside.
There service is on top of things.
The food was ok; We started with the fondue; bread, apples and sausage.
It was good.
I got the lobster roll for entrees.
It was pretty good too.
They have a good beer selection, I tried a couple of their signature cocktails, I was not that impressed.
Overall atmosphere, food, and service was pretty good.
I would return.

What a nice  way to end my weekend and spend a beautiful Spring AZ afternoon!
Arrived at Windsor at 3:pm this past Sunday and the place was quite busy.
I see why!
5.00 drinks till 5:00 EVERYDAY and EVERY Cocktail!
Pretty good deal!
Seating was pretty open we sat on the patio.
Service was great!
I had 2 glasses of my Sav Blan Wine so I was happy!
We started with The Cheddar Fondue, I wanted the Deviled Egg Dip and Chips so next time!
It was OK... nothing I would order again, over priced for what they give you.
Some cut up apples, sausage, and bread!
The bread was the best part, the cheese was luke warm and not great, this whole Fondue thing is so 2012!
Not worth your calories!
Now the Porkwich I ordered was worth the calories!
The pork was tender and hearty!
Now think HAM AND BACON added to it!
I had the sauce on the side like I always order my sauces, and it was just wonderful!
The combo of honey mustard and whatever they put into it was all working its flavors in my mouth!!
VERY GOOD!
My sister in law and brother both ordered the burger, I don't eat red meat but if I ever decide to go back I am heading here for a Windsor burger!
It looked so good!
The fries are good as well, thin sliced and the Cole Slaw was great!
I just love the music they play as well in this joint!
Of course you must check out all the old tapes hanging on the wall!
I was excited I found George Michael!

Kids welcome.
Kids crayons and menu!

Was hungry for a burger & theirs is awesome!
Sweet potato fries yum.
Service perfect.
I can almost always give the sane review here because the good is consistently delish.
Service is consistently great.
One of the very few restaurants where I have never had even a slightly bad experience.

Had the soup/salad duo and a side of mac & cheese.
AMAZING!
Everything was delicious.
Great service and prices were very reasonable considering the quality of food/service.
Ambiance was also very inviting.
There is a lush patio in back, and inside tables and booths surround the bar.
If I lived in Phoenix, I would be a regular here!

All I can say is YUM!!!
Went here for happy hour and the deviled egg dip appetizer is amazing!
They also have an awesome drink selection.
Came back for lunch and then brunch and LOVED the crab cake eggs Benedict.
Hands down the best eggs Benedict in Arizona.
Also tried the brown bag chicken sandwich and it was solid too.
Never have had anything here that wasn't outstanding.
Give it a try!

I have become a Windsor addict.
I love the complimentary valet (but seriously, still leave a tip for the guys!
) and the decor is effortlessly cool.
The atmosphere is hip and trendy, but the true star is still the food.
I love their fondue appetizer and their burgers are phenomenal!
Their drinks look amazing and I'll be back to try them once I'm not pregnant anymore!
Windsor is my go to place to take out of town guests, no one has been disappointed yet.

Windsor; you never disappoint!
My go to item; Brown Bag Chicken Sandwich was on point as usual.
The Jo's Church Potatoes were also pure perfection.
Tried the drink No.
17..
So delicious I decided to have 3!
Regardless of the restaurant being quite busy, the service was still impeccable.
Highly, highly recommend!

Always the perfect spot to get a hipster vibe, cool drinks, and an amazing vintage-industrial feel!
Windsor's food is killer and you can go healthy or severely unhealthy... Nice to have a choice in this regard!

Awesome spot.
Great beer, great food.
$5 pitchers and glasses of wine for happy hour.
AND, check this out, best ice cream I've had in Phoenix next door at Churn.

Friendly, fun vibe, great burger

Food is good not amazing.
But the customer service there is awesome.
I don't go here often but when i do the bartenders always remember what I drink.
That kind of service makes up for the kinda plain food.

I don't know what I could say that hasn't already been said, but this is one of my 3 go to places for brunch on the weekends.
I totally love it here and the staff always makes you feel so welcome!
The drinks alone are fantastic.
(Can I have the NO.2, please!
) and they have great deals for brunch on the weekends.
Their Bloody Mary bar is the best with a great variety to mix in (and who really needs to eat after all of those olives!
)  If you go for brunch, it is a MUST to experience their zucchini bread.
My friends tried mine yesterday, and they ended up stealing the whole thing from me!
HA!
And I also decided not to get the rest of the brunch yesterday and actually get a burger.
I got the Windsor style, and I have to say it was one of the best burgers I ever had!
I was totally impressed!
So do yourself a favor, even if you have to travel a bit to get there, and experience the wonderness of the Windsor!

I like the team service concept here.
The bartender picked up my plate when I finished since he just happened to walk by.
I LOVE that!
I had the brown bag chicken sandwich...SO DELICIOUS...how can you go wrong with avocado, goat cheese and huge chunks of chicken on your bun?
Be sure to add Cholula to the Mac and Cheese...YUM!!!

Great place for burgers, salads and decadent mac and cheese.
Service is outstanding!
Drinks are great especially during happy hour.
A must visit place in the central phoenix area.

Not sure if I'm actually sold on this place, and I really really wanted to be!
Had the short rib which itself was pretty good, but the vegetables underneath it were just kind of weird and inconsistent - cubed/chopped and some seemed undercooked.
Also had the deviled egg dip (which was yummy and such an awesome concept but could have done with a few more chips for dipping) and the corn dog poppers.
Corn dog poppers were not so great, you wanted to bite it in half at least but the casing on the dog was too tough - not the best :(  Service and atmosphere were wicked and the music was AWESOME.
We shazamed nearly every song.

Parking is a nightmare!!!!!
If you can ride a bike or walk, do!
That said, the cocktails are very tasty and they have a menu full of interesting bourbons.
The place is great for going and sitting with an old friend or a lady for drinks.
The patio seating is very cool, lots of fires and festival lights.
The food for the price is only okay, i wish it was either better or cheaper by a few bucks (both would be great, but this is the real world).
I've had a few decent burgers and sandwiches but they are on the small side and will not "wow" you.
The beer selection could be bigger but the beers I've had all very tasty.
Huge bonus: next door to the place is churn!
Delicious, possibly life changing ice cream.
You should definitely go there afterward.

I can't say enough good about Windsor.
We went early on a Saturday evening (5:30 PM).
We were greeted within a couple of minutes of walking to the entrance, which is behind the building which faces Central Avenue.
Within a minute or two of being seated, our server came by to ask us for a drink order and someone else came by to deliver water.
As others have noted, service is excellent and team-based.
No less than 4 folks came to help us during dinner.
As if the service weren't enough, the food was really exceptional.
I'd call it elevated bar food.
We shared the "Russian Roulette" - shishito peppers sauteed in olive oil and lemon juice - and the tuna tartare.
Neither my wife nor I could decide which we liked batter, but there wasn't a crumb left on either plate when they were cleared away.
For dinner, I had the short rib, which was flavorful and fork tender.
My wife had the Ahi Tuna salad, which we agreed may have had the best prepared seared tuna we had ever had.
The food menu is complemented by a moderately small, but outstanding drink list, including wines by the glass and bottle (including some, like Bedrock Old Vine Zinfandel, which is produced in pretty small amounts!
), beers on draught and bottle (I had a Milk Stout that was awesome), excellent call liquors (I recognized some pretty good single malt scotches) and creative mixed drinks.
If I had any complaint it's that the restaurant is very loud.
Note that this doesn't diminish my view of the restaurant - it is exactly what it advertises itself to be.
We were warned that Friday and Saturday nights after 6 PM get crazy - up to an hour wait - but we'll definitely be back.
This is one restaurant that I think may actually be worth that kind of wait!

Lunch today was amazing!
The food is always great at Windsor but sometimes the service suffers from the scramble to find out who is actually helping.
When everything is going great there is always 6 people asking if you're ok but when you need something it is always tough to find help.
The Porkwich and Curry Chicken are delightful.

I've never received bad service here.
I love the vibe, the music, and the drinks.
My favorite drink is the No.22.
It's my go to.
Berry vodka drink with blackberries.
Super refreshing.
Everything on the menu is delicious.
My favorites include the MAC and cheese, of course, the chicken noodle soup is amazing.
Country vegetable chop is my favorite salad.
Their soup and salad combo is a good move.
Mahi salad.
I could go on.
One of my favorite spots uptown.
Check it out!

Very cool place with almost a California feel.
Food was awesome, service was good and they had some nice craft beer options.
We really liked the feel and they had a huge outside patio that made you feel like you were sitting somewhere fun in LA.
Price was fair, not too high but not cheap either.
We will be back!

I only got the soup and salad combo.
Water.
So why the four stars?
Ambience.
Oh my lord.
When you enter this place it just automatically makes you feel like one of those trendy, hot, hipster people...
I was just a regular asian chick before I walked in.
As soon as I entered, I was one cool cat.
Hahahha, obviously I don't sound like one.
This would be a great place for date night.
If I lived in Arizona...this would definitely be a spot of mines.
Broccoli cheddar soup was thick and full of flavor.
Chop salad was perfect with kale, avocado, and fried okra!
Service is nice and goddamn!
The staff has the sickest sense of style.
It's like they all walked out of a fashion show.
Bonus: their wall made of cassette tapes.
Love.

Are we all talking about the same Windsor's here?
Next to Churn?
Where the staff is indifferent with their attitude.
Hint....listen to some Zig Zigler tapes it might help your service abilities.
These lady servers with their ripped jeans and tattoos and no smiles just ruin it for me.
This isn't the first time either.
This place just seems like where you start to earn your bones and the right to work across the street at Joyride or Federal pizza where servers look presentable and are friendly.
The food is ok but overpriced.
I get stressed anytime I am there because I know someone will drop the ball in regards to service or food will have an issue.
However, when the check arrives then it's all "hey have a fantastic day" so that she will get a good tip.
Right the great thing about Windsor is it's a great place for me to get rid of my spare change for the service they provide.
Remember folks the tattoos don't make you stand out or be original, they make you like every other person who looks homeless on Van Buren st.   Get a grip and when you fix it maybe I will reconsider.
Ohh and don't dress like your unemployed, have some class servers.
Finally, teach your cook how to make eggs the right way.
I would be glad to teach his staff.

This is the ultimate hipster joint, but all are welcome here and treated with A+ service.
Our server, Janella, was friendly, efficient, knowledgeable, and downright amazing!
The fondue is mouth watering and the sandwiches are unique and oh so delicious!
Whether you are here to meet a friend, to have an intimate date, or just check out the scene, this is the place to be!

Love the location and atmosphere.
We had brunch here last weekend and sat out on the patio when it was going to be 109 degrees.
We got there at 10am and with the misters and some cold water we were perfectly comfortable.
I had the Eggs Benedict w/ avocado and and a slice of tomato.
They made the switch with the regular toppings with no problem.
The server even complimented my selection.
Well!
Tip of my hat to you too little lady!
The egg whites were undercooked a bit on the inside but I find this to be a common issue with this dish.
I just scraped them to the side with my knife and dug in - very delicious.
The coffee was good.
The cheesy hash browns I stole off my husbands plate were life changing.
One last note on parking.
I know they have a valet but I always park on the side street directly behind the restaurant.
It's free and just a very short 1 minute walk.

What's a hungry girl to do after a long night a work?
Most of us in the industry get to the point where we crave variety which makes us venture out into our neighborhoods to see what everyone else is offering.
I found myself on the quirky Windsor patio this past weekend.
It was around 10 pm, we were seated and greeted by our server very promptly.
The patio itself is in the round.
Plush intimate booths surround by what I refer to as "card tables" and plaid backed chairs that remind me a little of 1960's kitsch poker.
Very cute.
Reminds me of my grandmother's basement and I mean this as a whole hearted compliment.
We are brought water.
My glass had a chip on the rim.
No big deal.
It was replaced immediately with the right tone and amount of sincerity from our server.
I ordered the lobster roll.
No skimping on the good stuff.
It's mayonnaise based (not too much), hints of tarragon, red bell pepper and the snap of celery and the obligatory shredded lettuce.
Served on a "hot dog" styled bun.
Just the way it should be and as I remember from the east coast.
One suggestion.
The bun is a just a little too thick.
My friend ordered the ribs.
He was very happy.
The bones were spaced well.
Meaning, an abundance of meat.
Pork ribs are sometimes dicey.
You're taking a risk ordering them because in the United States, there is no grading system for pork like there is for beef, ie, select, choice and prime.
I wish America would adopt the European pork grading system.
I digress.
These people obviously care about their suppliers and the quality.
I can't wait to come back and try more!
Keep it up, Windsor!

Great restaurant...fair prices..nice ambiance and right in the middle of Central Phoenix.
Service was excellent and a lot of fun!

Headed to the Windsor for bunch for June's Breakfast Club UYE, with a turnout of 17, one of the things that made Windsor a hit from the start for me was the fact that I was able to make reservations!
WOOT WOOT!
It makes everything so much easier!
I can't lie before I even got the Windsor I had checked out the brunch menu and was 95% sure I was going to go with the Windsor Eggs Benedict, and even though they have a Bloody Mary Bar for 5 bucks, I wasn't going to tempt myself with that because honestly Bloody Marys are not my sort of thing.
After sitting down and looking at the drink menu, I saw something that looked interesting and needed a try and it was a bloody mary drink too!
I was mind blown that I was going down that path, but It's The Verde Bloody Mary, made with cucumbers, roasted poblano, cilantro & watercress, damn this drink was DELISH!
They do have a bloody Mary bar with all your fixings, pickles, spices, salts & garnishes but for me, this drink was perfect, it didn't need anything.
It was spicy, it was heaven!
If you do not like spicy don't order it, for me damn it was great!
After sipping on my Verde I no longer was interested in the benedict and wanted a spicy dish to go with my drink, so I went with the Matador, two eggs over easy ontop of griddled cheddar potatoes, crispy tortilla, salsa verde & avocado relish, while waiting for everyone's plates to come out I spotted some of the benedict dishes and was starting to get plate envy, they looked soo good!
Then the Matador made it to me, this dish was amazing, the salsa verde was great the egg & potatoes combo with the avocado relish was just explosions of flavors hitting your tongue, and it went very well with the Verde Bloody Mary, the only thing  I didn't really care for was the crispy tortilla, but it was a great dish for sure!
I am happy to have tried the Windsor for bunch, look forward to checking them out at all different hours, and I know Ill be back soon because I am already craving that Verde Bloody Mary.

I love this place.
Everything we have had so far has been good.
From salads to the burger to the crab cake sandwiches Reuben and Mac and cheese and close slaw.
I cannot wait til another weekend to try the lobsta roll!
And my boyfriend cannot wait to try the buttermilk chicken.
So far so yummy and delicious!
Only thing if I get the burger again I'll probably ask for no Carmelized onions just a tad too sweet for me.

This is my favorite place to come for cocktails!
Especially for $5 Happy Hour.
I honestly go there just for the No.
17 which is a mix of cucumber vodka and green tea and mint.
It is simply amazing.
It is so refreshing in the summer and it tastes like you aren't drinking alcohol.
I assure you, there is definitely a good portion of vodka in there!
I also like the Backyard Burger.
It is so juicy and the garlic aioli adds so much flavor.
The service is awesome.
Everyone is so friendly and they genuinely seem to enjoy their job.

My family's favorite place to eat!
Such a great atmosphere and even better food :)

Not sure why everyone loves this place.
The overpriced burger meat was okay, but bland.
I had the burger on a rye bun which was dry and too dense.
I don't eat cheese so that flavor was missing, but Carl's Jr burgers taste better.
The potato chips were overcooked, and flavorless.
Potato chips are my favorite snack food, and I left most of them on the plate.
The patio was noisy, the seat cushion was dirty.
Don't think I'd make a return trip.

I had the chance to enjoy lunch at the bar.
Manny, the bartender is very friendly and attentive.
I ordered the ceviche which turned out to be too spicy for me (yes, I'm a wimp when it comes to spice) and he had the manager comp my wine.
What a sweet gesture.
I'll be back for their On The Block buttermilk fried chicken which is only served after 4 pm.
Their happy hour rocks!

Came back for brunch a few weeks ago and had a great experience!
The Matador is where it's at...trust me, you'll understand once you try it.

I've eaten here three times and had an excellent experience each visit!
Great food, nice staff.
It's the perfect place to take an out-of-town guest to eat!

Cool little local place.
Ate healthly and not that happy about it.
Not because it wasn't good, the ahi tuna salad was delicious.
When fried chicken, burgers, sweet potato fries and a bunch more are on the menu, I want the bad stuff.
Looking forward to coming back.

