Jen Fagan is an ARTIST!
What I love about her style is that she is so visual.
After living here for 7 years, I have finally found a stylist that 'gets me' and what my hair requires.
Jen is not about her ego, she is about making you look and feel fabulous and this is what she does!

Style by Jen at the Downtown Scottsdale Hair and Nail Salon is truly an 'Artist'.
There are so many hair stylist in the area and after 7 years of going to too many of them, I finally found a person that LISTENS!
She is intuitive to see visually what you are desiring and describing.
Jen Fagan is always looking to knowledge herself to make her clients be satisfied when they walk out the door and look forward to seeing her the next visit.
Her personality is fun and you will always have some laughter as she styles you to be the beauty you are.

Jen Fagan @ Downtown Scottsdale Hair and Nails in Old Town Scottsdale has been doing my cut and color for over 7 years now...I constantly get compliments on my hair style and sassy color.
She is truly talented and I aways leave feeling beautiful and sexy.
She listens to what I want and makes thoughtful suggestions...I trust her with my hair and it has never looked better.
She even has helped me by suggesting certain shampoos that promote healthy hair growth which I am very grateful.
Thank you Jen Fagan...

Jen Fagan is amazing.
She knows exactly what style works best for me and also my color.
I have never had so many compliments on my hair, at all times.
She is a master colorist and very talented.
She listens to my requests and gives her advice and tips.
She has made me love my hair again!
Thanks Jen!

Jen Fagan has been doing my cut and color for about (wow) 4 years now and every single time, it looks fabulous!
I have a difficult cut and honestly my previous haridresser could never get it right and Jen NEVER gets it wrong!
I trust her completely.

"Who does your hair?
" This is a question that I am often asked and I am ready to share my secret... Jen Fagan!
She has been doing my hair for ten years now and always leaves me feeling sassy.
I have thick, curly hair that can easily be ruined with a bad cut but she knows which cuts won't work, she's not afraid to say, "do you really want to straighten your hair every day?
This cut will require it.
" She works with me to give me something fresh that I can maintain every day.
Ohhh and the color!
She is a true artist when it comes to coloring-sometimes I think she is more excited than I am to see the foils come off and reveal her work.
Need hair help?
Go to Jen!

So tired of the big, fancy salons with stylists who are there one month then gone!!
And even if they stay, what they do isn't worth going back for!
Jen knows her coloring and styiing and the compliments I get prove it.
Not even near my neighborhood but I'm happy to drive a half hour to get outstanding results - and I'm fussy!

Jen is an awesome hair stylist.
Yesterday I got my haircut and the gray colored out of my hair.
You can't even tell the difference from my real hair color.
My girlfriend loves the cut and she says the name of the salon should be Sexy by Jen!!!!
I will be a returning customer.

Jen was awesome and did an amazing job!

In Scottsdale for work...Jen responded to my short notice request for style/cut and fit me in to her busy schedule based on my availability.
That was my first impression that she would be great.
Then, she colored and styled to perfection!
I'm very particular about the highlights and get a little nervous if highlights pull too much warmth or red.
She is an artist with a lot of expertise!
Thanks Jen...
I'll be back!

Jen has been my stylist for the past 3 years.
She really takes the time to listen to what I want..what is working for me and what I'd like to change.
Her cuts are precision... you know how after a few weeks your cut can feel grown out and wonky?
I've never felt that way.
She really cares about your lifestyle and the time you want to spend styling your own hair.
She's easily reached via text, which I love!
If you're looking for a new stylist, give her a call...

Unprofessional - sent a text reply to my phone message and never responded to three follow-up calls when I tried to book an appt.

Jenn is awesome and I am truly the pickiest person when it comes to hair!
She listens to what you want and offers suggestions.
I've finally found my stylist!

