Worth a try!
Nice and New Pretty and Modern with a Bar and reasonably priced wine and beer .
I never had Black Pepper Fish at a Chinese Restaurant so I decided to give it a try and it came out piping hot ( temperature ) with green peppers and onions and mushrooms .
The fish ( I think Tilapia ) was nice and moist and light and this dish is listed on the menu as spicy but it was  mild in an easy to eat light brown sauce that had the black pepper taste in the back-round .
I liked that you have the option to have brown rice for a fifty cent upgrade charge so I did .
My husband tried the Szechwan Pork it also had a nice vegetable to meat ratio and also the sauce is very light and more mildly flavored than other places we had Szechwan at .
They offer some dishes I haven't seen elsewhere and I didn't have the Kung Pao or the Orange Chicken but the people who sat behind us did and it looked very good .
Our food came out fast and together , all the servers were pleasant .
Three stars is a Very High Rating for Chinese in this Area most I feel are two stars .

the food was great.i ordered the chicken and vegetables and it came out hot,fresh,and big in portion size.the pieces of chicken were big and plentiful, not stringy or fatty at all.the brown garlic sauce was amazing too.the service was excellent.
try the pomengranite martini,it's delicious and only cost like $5.75 for a decent size glass made with sky vodka.i expected it to cost $7 or $8 when i saw it,but was pleasantly surprised when the bill came.
the decor is modern,clean and sleek.however the location is kinda drab.it's in a fry's parking lot next to a coffe shop and pizza place.
the hot and sour soup and spring rolls are to die for too.
i definately reccomend this place.

Great place for fresh Chinese food.
The prices for all the dishes were very reasonable.
It's an open restaurant so you can see everybody in the whole restaurant, but I didn't expect much for a strip mall bistro.
A lot of customers were coming in for takeout.
Be very patient if you dine in.
The service is a bit slow,but the food & prices are well worth the wait.
Order the house specialties,they are delish and again the prices on them are also inexpensive.

Stopped in for lunch recently, and ordered the lunch specials.
Attentive service, good food (both the kung pao chicken and the szechwan shredded pork were exceptionally tasty), large portions (neither my wife nor I could finish), and very reasonably priced.
A good place, and we will certainly revisit when we find ourselves in that 'hood.

Came here yesterday for lunch and for $6.95 I got a HUGE plate of orange chicken with rice and it came with a cream cheese won-ton and egg roll.
I split the plate and actually got 2 meals out of it!
Did I mention the orange chicken was awesome!
It makes Panda Express look like well...Panda Express.
The chicken does not have a huge amount of breading and the orange sauce was delish.
The atmosphere is pretty nice for being in a grocery store strip mall.
It is full service dining or take out and they even deliver.
I highly recommend this place and will going back again soon.

We tried this for the first time today and now I am hooked!
OMG it was so gosh darn yummy!
Pu Pu Plater Egg roll crispy with a hint of cinnamon  Beef strip okay no flavor kinda dry Rib was meaty with a light flavorful BBQ sauce Wonton was fluffy and light pork was not hard and condensed best I have had Crab puff was no puff very sad  Soup was fantastic very light savory flavor.
Veggies perfectly cooked not soggy or slimy.
Cabbage, shrimp, wonton  Sweet sour chicken.
Sauce came on the side.
Was crunchy and had Real chicken in it.
Was not a ball of batter.
More chicken then batter.
Shrimp and veggies.
Veggies were amazing.
The snow peas and celery had some crunch and the broccoli was not crunchy and not soggy just the way unlike it.
Shrimp good.
Sauce was packed with flavor and not over powering I could have licked the bowl...
If I could have finished the HUGE portion!
Orange chicken.
Wow!
This was not a ball of battered chicken in a mushy mess of sauce like many places.
It was thinly sliced chicken with a slight crunch.
Sauce was not spicy but had wonderful flavor.
We ordered a side of soft noodles for my toddler and he loved them.
Take out only took 15 minutes and we ordered ahead on the phone  Nicely packaged nothing leaked from the take out container.

I feel lucky to have a high quality Chinese place like Tao Kitchen within a mile of my home.
I am a huge fan of their barbeque pork egg foo young.
I could easily make 3 meals out of this dish.
There are 3 omelets, a sizable portion of steamed white rice, and a soup bowl of egg foo young sauce.
I also enjoy dining in at Tao.
The restaurant is immaculate, the staff is friendly, courteous and attentive.
I am a stickler about keeping my beverage full, and they are always on top of it.
Note: Dine in vs. take out, specials that come will not come with soup if taken to go.
To go... NO SOUP FOR YOU!

This place has great food!
I love the moo goo gai pan and the orange chicken.
Ask for their homemade hot mustard with your order, it is very good!

Very delicious food.
Their lunch specials are awesome!
You get a good amount of food.

After trying every Chinese restaurant remotely near our neighborhood, we finally made the rounds to Tao Kitchen Asian Bistro and I'm so happy we did!
My family ordered a variety of dishes and appetizers including potstickers, veggie egg rolls, crab puffs, egg flower soup, hot and sour soup, orange chicken, house fried rice, chow mein and sweet and sour pork - a taste of almost everything - and we were very pleased overall.
The egg flower soup could have had a bit more flavor and the potstickers were slightly over-done (definitely "stuck" to the pot too long), but everything still tasted nice.
Their prices are very reasonable and the atmosphere is comfortable.
We have also had take out and were very pleased with it as well.
Tao Kitchen will certainly be our go-to for Chinese food in the future.

My family gets take-out from this restaurant all the time.
They have the best orange chicken ever!
Much better than the other restaurant that shall remain nameless but rhymes with BF Langs.
Tried the lettuce wraps for the first time tonight and they are awesome.
My only concern is I rarely see diners eating in the restaurant.
I hope they can survive on take-out alone.....

Yet again I am disappointed with Arizona's selection of ethnic food.
Well, maybe its just the Glendale/Peoria area.
Had the chicken chow mein and beef broccoli with added veggies.
Noodles were way too soft, practically "mushy" and both items were extremely greasy.
The beef was tender but you could taste the MSG in everything.
Good sized portions but I wouldn't pay the price again for the quality.
Probably won't come back here, would rather eat at PF Changs (even though its not real chinese food).

Well I just wasted 38 bucks....never again

This place is awesome!
Granted I have only had the classics like chicken low mein, orange chicken, and fried rice.
But the orange chicken is juicy, crispy, and full of flavor.
I would definitely recommend.
Great service!
We got our order in less than 5 minutes!

I love their orange chicken

The food was good, portions huge, and there was a good variety on the menu.
However it took us an hour and 12 minutes from arrival to getting our food, even though the place wasn't full.
So worth it for the food quality and portions, but be prepared for a long wait to get it.

Formerly Tao Kitchen, Dao Kitchen Asian Bistro is a lovely dine-in or take-out place with a decent selection of beers and wines.
It's very clean and the staff is attentive and friendly.
It's great for take-out and delivery on the weekends when you don't feel like cooking or being around people.
The Mongolian Beef is very good, but the Garlic Chicken has way too much cabbage.
Both claim to be spicy dishes but really aren't.
The Orange Chicken and the Kung Pao chicken are also very good but lacking in heat.
In general, the food is good but not very spicy, so if you like heat, you'll have to ask for it or add it yourself.

We got take out here.
I had the orange chicken which was pretty good.
The fried rice looked like white rice with some soy sauce.
No veggies and only a few pieces of egg- pretty disappointing (maybe I ordered wrong) but overall taste was good.
My husband had egg drop soup and general tso's chicken.
He enjoyed his meal.
We will be back here - just probably won't get the fried rice again.

Wow the food was delivered immaculately if you order anything from this restaurant you must let it be House lo mein ask for extra shrimp you will not be dissatisfied also their fried shrimp is absolutely amazing delivered to your house beautifully could not ask for more

Fresh ingredients!
Very reasonably priced.
We had Kung Pao Beef, Chicken with Cashew and Cantonese Pan Fried Noodle.
Everything was very tasty.
As with any Chinese restaurant;  if you want more spicy with your dish, ask for hot chili sauce.
Staff was attentive and friendly.
www.taokitchen.wordpress.com

We had to meet someone nearby and needed a bite to eat and it was either this Asian Kitchen or the Italian place next door.
I'm glad we went here.
The food was fresh and served hot and the service was great .
The place looked neat and clean and was very reasonably priced.
We will definitely be going back.

Good food, great prices!

I had seen the four starts from my fellow Yelpers and decided to take my wife for dinner the other night.
I had big hopes, especially since it was walking distance from my home.
We were disappointed.
Yes, 'Meh, i've experienced better.
' is a good way to put it.
We were served oil soaked eggroll skins as a snack - awlfu.
We ordered cocktals that were hevily advertised to then see the waitress reading in a book how to make them.
They were weak and uninspired.
We ordered a special seafood hot pot.
Which was ok, but too filled with tofu.
We ordered a Peking pork, which was served with mu shu pancakes and hosin sauce and a whole bunch of celery.
I mean a ton of celery.
Cheap filler?
We ordered brown rice and fried rice as sides.
When they arrived we could not distinguish one from the other.
We even asked her to confirm, thinking she made a mistake.
No, she confirmed it.
The fried rice had no other veggies or bits of meat or even a browned color.
Sure, i will give it another try, but I have a few more places to try first.
Also note - as of our visit on 9/30/13, they no longer have any happy hour specials or offers.

I called in a Take-Out order about 20 minutes before they closed.
I ordered curry chicken and when I got it home, about half way through eating it I noticed there was NO chicken.
Are you serious?
How does that happen?
I was hoping some of the potato clumps might actually be chicken, but no such luck.
The curry sauce tasted like it was made from a powder base that wasn't dissolved very well.
I ended up throwing away the second half.
First and last adventure with Tao.

We came fr southern California.
We crave for authentic Chinese restaurant.
This is it.
Very clean.
Excellent food.
We ordered sizzling soup.
Green beans n mu-shu

Not a big fan anymore, food was good but has gone down hill as of late.
Ordered take out and they got the order wrong, Shrimp and Lobster was awful, so were the egg rolls and house low mein, over cooked and very oily.
Wonton soup was good but they didn't put the lid on tight enough and spilled all over my back seat.
I won't be going here again.

We're from San Diego where great Chinese food is everywhere.
This place is probably the best we've had on this side of town.
Great lunch specials and the dinners are good as well.
Casual atmosphere but nice.

Everything we ordered was delicious.
Hot and sour soup was really tasty and full of flavor.
We had the usual chinese double of Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao shrimp.
We loved both dishes and will definitely stop by again when in the area.

