Excellent pool service!
Cannot be any happier with the services I have recieved!!
The staff in the office and out on the job have been absolutely wonderful!
Highly recommend!

We are so happy with the services, they took care of a black alage problem that we had for years and no one else seemed to know how -looks great!
They have such amazing customer care!
the staff is so caring and trusting about not only the pool but for us as well!

Do not use these guys they are useless!
Dan will not return your calls and will over charge your card and charge you for things he never told you about.
There have to be better services around.
Just the other week after the big dust storm I called Dan up and let him know my pool was having some issues.
He let me know his techs were busy taking care of new customers.
That's weird, I've been paying 90$ a month for the past 7months, yet they get service first.
Even on the normal scheduled Wednesday visit i received a call to let me know they could not even come out that day.
Two days later, my pool brown as ever, he came and  left the chemicals and took off.
Don't worry Dan I'll sweep the pool and take care of the rest of the things your tech is supposed do.
Oh it gets better...he charged my card an extra 80$ saying it was a special service call.
Yet no one  had not come out for my regularly scheduled visit that week.
An extra 80$ to have the tech come out two days late....what a great deal.
I do not have a good pool company to recommend.
If anybody else does please let me know.
I've written a lot of reviews and been in the Phoenix area all my life.
A company like this will not last.
Don't listen to the good reviews on this page.
It's made up, she works there.

I hired Shimmering Waters pool services because I was unhappy with my previous service providers.
I felt that my pool was just not cleaning the way it used to and my old provider was very unresponsive.
When Shimmering Waters took over, they identified the problem and even suggested before I have them fix it that I contact the original builder to see if it was still under warranty.
It was!
I saved hundreds!
It would have been easy for Dan to charge me and never mention that.
That's integrity!
Dan and his team do an excellent job.
They answer all of my questions.
The service is consistent.
Communication is good.
Repairs and such are done well!
I would recommend Shimmering Waters without hesitation!

Dan was just at our home taking a look at an apparent electrical issue with our pool pump.
He was able to quickly identify where the problem was, and refer us to another business that deals with electric pool issues.
I'm very please with Dan and Shimmering pools for a few reasons..  1) He answered his phone one the first call!
(that's always reassuring) 2) He came out less than 24 hours after we called, and was very flexible with our schedule.
3) Promptly identified the issue and gave us his recommendation 4) Asked for us to follow up if we needed another recommendation.
Dan and Shimmering Waters will be our go to pool guy from now on.
We previously would go directly through Leslie's but found the wait to be usually 4 days to a week or more.
That's just too long when it's this hot outside and you pool need attention!
Thanks Dan.

It took him a year to respond to my post and this is some sort of back handed apology I think...for some reason stating that I have a low income or that I am on a fixed budget.
I see there are a whole two positive reviews on here!
Wow...
There are a lot of pool companies in the phoenix area.
Im not trying to refer anyone in particular but I would guess there are many better than this one.
This all came from one bad experience.
The explanation of the experience I gave was correct.
The situation was handled very poorly by dan and this response to a post on yelp, which had a few more lies in it, just calls his character into question a little more.
I've left this alone for a year now, I had one bad experience and explained it just to let other people know of what I went through.
That is the reason yelp is here Dan, to give examples of good and bad experiences.
You responding in this way just shows your lack of integrity and capabilities as a business owner.
If you do use this company good luck and I really do hope dan has improved on on the way that he conducts his business because all I see is lies and trying to cover up the mistake that he made in past.
I thought this was over but him questioning my integrity is not right.
His pool tech never came by that week to find a locked gate, he simply did not show.
He did over charge me and became very defensive upon me even asking about it.
I just can not believe he would say some of those things that he did in his response.
It is very disappointing that a childish response to my one year old post was something that dan felt he needed to do.

Dan come out to inspect my pool pump and determined the issue right away.
A broken valve which is covered by my home warranty.
He also gave me good information on how to properly clean my pool and what chemicals to use.

I just bought a new house with a pool.
The pool was not in a good shape, since the previous owner didn't take good care of it for a while.
I called Dan and had him come to take a look.
He gave us a fair estimate and explained to me what needs to be done.
He cleaned the pool and came back to installed a cleaner.
I paid the invoice thinking that  his job was done.
But no, he came back few more time to check on the  pool and did more work on it to make sure that it gets back to good shape.
It's been more than a week since his first visit.
As I am writing this review, he is calling me to let me know that he was there to take a final look at the pool and give me more caring instructions.
I am really happy that I chose Dan, because he is reliable and responsible.
He is always willing to help and take care of his customer.
I recommend him to anyone who may need a pool serviced.
Thanks Dan.

Horrible service, horrible customer service, and horrible quality of service!
Do not waste your time or money using this company for your pool needs.
Dan (602)363-8267 broke my pool filtration system and left it in a nonworking condition.
He will not repair the issue he caused, and told me to go somewhere else.
Save yourself the hassle, there are plenty of other quality pool companies out there.
Take care!

I have been through many pool companies for cleaning, repairs, etc until I discovered  Shimmering Waters.
I have had them as my pool cleaners for about a year.
They are professional, their work is superb and they are very friendly!
I don't even have to wonder & worry if they are going to show up on the day they are supposed to for cleaning, like I had done all the time with the prior companies I hired.
There just aren't enough nice words to say about Dan and his company!!
Thank you Dan and everyone at Shimmering Waters!

I called Dan about a problem we were having with our water fountain in the backyard.
He asked me where I lived, and when I told him, he happened to be only 10 min away.
He said he would be over in 10 min with his assistant Scott.
Upon coming to my home, he was extremely professional and very personable.
He and his assistant looked at the fountain, only to find out it was a very minor issue.
He didn't even charge a service fee.
In fact, he took the time to explain to me how I can fix the problem on my own, in very simple terms.
This made my day!
What a nice company to work with!!
Thank you Dan and Scott for your time and excellent customer service.

Honest very reliable guy, rebuilt my pump for minimal cost,  tried them all in wickenburg this guy is the best!

I'm in the middle of a home renovation and have repairmen in the house for every possible issue...roof, plumbing, drywall, you name it.
Dan has been by far the easiest to deal with.
Knowing that I know nothing of spa repair, he explained things to me simply and clearly.
He also advised me of the range of prices I could expect for the variety of repair issues (spa was neglected for years and in total disarray) and exactly what was driving the wide difference in repair costs.
In the end, each of the repair issues was addressed with the least expensive cost estimate that was proposed to me.
So nice and rare to work with someone who is simply honest.
I highly recommend him!

Unhelpful.
Called to ask if they worked on splash pads, said no.
Asked if he knew someone that did, he said no.
He then said call a pond company.
I explained to him that my setup is just like a pool, I have a pool pump, pool filter and valves.
He said no, it's an accessory water feature, call a fountain company.
One would think with 40 years he might know something.
Considering splash pads are popping up all over Phoenix.

This company is terrible..
Prospective  customers shouldn't have to work so hard to get their business..  Its ok, I took my business somewhere else where they actually return phone calls and show up on the time they promised.

