Gonna give 3 stars based on both food and service..
The Food: My girlfriend ordered a rainbow roll.
Alone, I give it 5 stars.
It was delicious.
I had ordered a side of edemame with it because i love the stuff.
I dont know what they were thinking , but the stuff was cold.. Luckily it had a ton of salt or I wouldn't have touched it.
Did I finish it?
God, no.
The service.. We walked up and instantly knew what we wanted.
It seemed like the poor guy behind the register was using a computer for the first time.
I couldn't help feel  bad and being a nice guy, I didn't complain.
However what really annoyed me was this woman behind he yelling "excuse me.. have you guys even ordered yet??
"  I looked back with this "are you kidding me" face    " yes we have.. we're waiting on the register"   "oh.. " she pipes up.
So he finally gets our order paid for.
He tells us to wait and our food wil be brought out to us.
Cool.
I get the drink, napkins, and utensils and go outside.
Ten minutes later, I'm wondering where our food is.
Oh guess.. it's sitting on the counter near a sign that says "pick up food here.
"  Guess he forgot to tell us that.
I get the food and notice that there are two orders of edemame.
"I just ordered one maam"   She says "Ohh, well it shows two"   As much as a fan I am of the stuff, I only needed one.
They kindly gave me a dollar back and I took my food to sit down.
The End.

This is definitely a bento box place that is a GREAT place to go to just pick up some sushi for lunch that tastes yummy and reasonably priced.
However, this place is NOT awesome for a sit down date.
They serve the sushi in the to-go packages, and there are no real silverware available.
It's just disposable stuff and styrofoam cups.
They also didn't have any sugar for their tea.
It took quite a while for the rolls to be made as well.
The service was very spacey - like the guy didn't know what he was doing.
HOWEVER, their roll (rainbow roll) was AWESOME and their green tea was TO DIE FOR.
They don't serve any white fish (at least they didn't when I was there).
I would definitely recommend this as a place to pick up a good lunch, but not as a date or a dinner meal.

I really want to give a better review because the Staff seemed nice enough.
However, there were too many elements that turned me off.
This is a seemingly middle of the road restaurant, however, they act like a fast food restaurant: no glasses, napkins, or silverware...and my Bento Box was served in Styrofoam (even though I was asked, "For here or to go?").
The salad that was served with the Bento Box was less than sub par; all I saw was old iceberg lettuce.
To their credit, the piece of salmon that was served was of very good size.
The taste was nothing special, but it was not bad either.
They made the mistake of giving us a "free sample" of the California Roll.
It scared us.
If this was what we would experience when the sushi arrived, it was AWFUL because it was so obviously OLD!
The sushi was much better than our "sample" when it arrived, thank goodness.
All in all, this is a poor value for the quality of the food.
Sorry Yoshi.

I was out here as I do quite a bit of business in the area.
I received an email from the family that opened this restaurant as I used to frequest their store when they were located in the Fry's Signature location on Hayden and the 101 (I thought the owners changed, as the last time I was there, it was an entirely different staff).
Their objective was to open a no-frills sushi restaurant offering great sushi at more than reasonable prices.
I guess it makes sense why they have Bento (to-go lunch box) in their name.
Well, I was out in the area and gave it a shot.
They were indeed the kind family that had the sushi island in the Fry's Signature.
GREAT sushi as always and definitely on par with price.
I know they just opened and the kinks will be worked out.
I've got faith in them.
If you are looking for a high-end experience with a million dollar interior, then this is not the place for you.
But if you want more than decent food at a price that isn't hurting the checkbook, then this is more than fulfilling the Japanese craving during a more than real and current, economic climate.
Thanks Yoshi Bento for offering high-quality sushi at a moderate price!
I am very tight with my distribution of stars (as you can see).
You just cant make a gold medal winner over night.
Either you have it or you don't.
But with the kindness and humility the owners show (which you especially don't see a lot of now-a-days), I am sure this is going to do well!
I wish you luck guys and we'll see you again for sure!

Really should be 4 1/2 Stars!
Great Sushi!
Decent prices and good size rolls.
I got the Rainbow, Spicy Crunch and California (should have ordered the California Salad, didn't see the difference when I ordered)...I was hungry and hadn't had sushi in sooo long so I went a little overboard.
I highly recommend the Spicy Crunch.
The format is fast-casual which is my favorite for lunch time...order when you walk in and have a seat.
Place is CLEAN and the people are super friendly.
I will definitely be back.

Ordered the teriyaki chicken bento which tasted fine.
Haven't had any sushi here yet.
I've had the chicken fried rice once too which was kinda skimpy considering the price.

We stopped in on a whim the other day and I have to say I really enjoyed this place.
My husband got some sort of teriyaki chicken with rice (really wishing I would have paid attention to what he ordered) and I got the spicy tempura shrimp roll.
Most cheaper sushi places taste like grocery store sushi.
Not here.
I have been to nicer and more upscale places and had a similar roll and for the price this one measured up nicely.
Being pregnant, I couldn't try any of the delicious raw options but what I did get I was happy with.
The portions were great and the staff was very attentive and friendly.
The bathroom and restaurant were both clean.
I would definitely go again!

My boyfriend had picked up a bento box at Yoshi Bento and had been hinting that we should try it.
We ordered the Brown Rice Spicy Cali Roll as an appetizer.
I was hesitant because it was described as topped with a spicy mayo... not a big mayo fan to begin with and picturing mayo on sushi sounded weird, but I took a chance on it.
I'm so glad I did, because it was pretty awesome!
The mayo (more like a spicy, creamy drizzled sauce) was a great combo with the usual soy/wasabi mix.
Definitely will order it again.
For our dinner, we each ordered a bento box.
I had the BBQ beef and bf got the teriyaki chicken.
The portions were very generous.
The box included a variety of items to try.
My beef (I ordered it spicy) had awesome flavor and was served over rice.
You also get an asian slaw on the side and tempura vegetables (squash and sweet potato) and a large tempura shrimp with a tasty dipping sauce.
Good food and a friendly staff means I'll be back!
Thanks Yoshi Bento!

I love sushi and I love bento boxes but the problem with bento boxes is usually I can only get them at lunch.
BUT NOT AT YOSHI BENTO!
I got a bento box after 8PM last night and it was nothing short of amazing!
I ordered the spicy chicken teriyaki bento box which comes with a salad and some delicious tempura.
The tempura consists of a piece of Shrimp and a few vegetables in this case sweet potato (amazing) and cucumber (good but sweet potato is my favorite after pumpkin which is extra amazing - side note).
I'm excited to go back and try the sushi which seems reasonably priced and according to the pictures delicious!

Went to Yoshi Bento for the first time and was pleasantly surprised.
Great customer service from the beginning to the end.
Ordered several rolls and a few appetizers for the party and all came with fresh ingredients, and large in size- especially compared to other places I have been.
The couple that owns the place are so nice and keep the place clean and tidy, even the bathrooms at the end of the day were spotless.
I definitely plan to become a regular customer and would recommend it to anyone.
And for those of you that think it's too far, I'd say that its worth the drive.

Great location, but food is very basic.
There were pictures on a digital frame with no names or description.
The Scottsdale roll was good, the chicken terryaki bowl was nice and spicy, the salad bowl with miso soup was tasty, the Killer Shrimp roll was good, but the chicken wrap was very basic (something my kids could make at home)  The whole family was disappointed to leave still hungry.
Not our favorite place.

Another great job!
Had the dumpling soup.
The best I have had while out there.
Even beats the soups that are offered out here in LA or OC.
Some of the other reviewers that gave this place low ratings make no sense.
If you look at their other high rated places, you understand why they rate this place low.
LET THE FOOD DO THE TALKING!
NOT THE QUALITY OF PLATE, PEEPS!

My family has sushi and other appetizers every year on Christmas Eve.
This year, I ordered sushi from Sushi Bento.
I had never been there before so it was a little risky, but it's close to my house and I saw the positive reviews online.
I am so glad I did!
Everyone loved the sushi!
We especially loved the Eel Dragon Roll and Shrimp Killer Roll.
Of all the years I have ordered sushi takeout for Christmas Eve, no restaurant has every packed my nigiri container on ice but S.B.
did!
My husband and I will definitely be back for more sushi and to order a Bento Box!
(PS: LOVE the mochi ice cream!

Very serviceable Japanese fast food.
Quick to serve.
There is a variety of dishes.
We ordered a couple of the sushi rolls and the dumpling soup.
Everyone was happy.

This place is the best!
While on business trip to Phoenix, my husband and I ate at Yoshi's Bento twice.
The first time was for lunch and the second time was a to-go order on our trip back to Los Angeles.
Mr. Yoshi (I didn't get his name) who apparently seemed to be the owner was super nice and friendly.
When he learned that I was on my 6 hour drive back to LA, he packed my order of Rainbow Row, Eel Dragon Roll, California Roll and Spicy Roll in an ice pack.
My husband at first thought it was an overkill, but we realized the wisdom of Mr. Yoshi as we consumed our delicious rolls in the car.
The rolls were huge, delicious, and just what we wanted.
The next time we are back in Phoenix, we know where we will be dining!

You couldn't ask for nicer people to run a restaurant.
That being said, also the food was wonderful!
the owner was SO kind to us...we had just worked out and knew that they opened at 10:30...it was 10:00 so we wandered around Sports Authority...but showed up at 10:15 and the door was open so we went in.
Owner/sushi chef were just so so nice to us.
Yes, the place itself is no frills, but they have a nice little patio and it's very very clean.
Sushi was delightful and they offer brown rice option!
We are already planning to come back when we go to  movie or after working out on Saturday again.
Food was great but sometimes it is the PEOPLE/service who bring you back!

After hearing about all the good reviews on Yelp I figured i would give Yoshi Bento a try.
The restaurant layout itself was a little disappointing with the kitchen being out front and really taking up a large portion of the space and there were only a few tables inside and some seating outside as well.
But I didn't find that to be a problem because yoshi Bento isn't your traditional sushi place, i found it to be more of a "fast food" sushi place which i thought was a good unique idea especially with high quality food.
However, when ordering out food upfront and then sitting down we didnt get out food as soon as i wouldn't have liked and had to wait.
Though they did apologize for the wait it was still slightly disappointing.
When it comes to the complaints about the "quality" of the silverware i do not think that is a point of contention as I wouldnt expect super high quality silverware in a quick sushi place.
On the food end i had ordered a scottsdale roll, and a dragon roll.
They were both outstanding when it came down too it.
Very fresh and had great flavors.
I would especially recommend the scottsdale roll it was amazing with a great spice too it that was the perfect size.
On another visit i tried the bento box and wasn't overly impressed but that doesn't mean i wouldn't order it again.
I liked the variety of the items in the bento box and the chicken was good but not outstanding.
Pricing for the bento was good especially for what you get and for on the go.
Overall, Yoshi Bento was a good quick sushi restaurant that I will visit again.
I can also tell the owner is trying hard to better the place in every way he can and i respect that.
If your looking for a casual place to get some good sushi i would say try Yoshi bento, if your looking to go out on a date Yoshi bento wouldnt be my first choice.

Solid affordable Japanese food

Awesome new place!
And great to stop by before a movie.
Service wasn't super fast but great sushi and big pieces in every roll.
Cheap too!

I had the Chicken Teriyaki Bento and it was pretty good- I liked the tempura.
The man at the store was incredibly chatty and sweet--couldn't understand him well but he was just a very happy man.
I wish the bento came with some rolls, but it was still pretty nommy.

When my fiancée and I moved into our north Scottsdale neighborhood a couple of years ago, we thought we'd discovered the Shangri-La of Japanese cuisine in the most unlikely of places -- the local Fry's supermarket, where the owners of Yoshi Bento used to make us sushi several times a week.
They often encouraged us to try new items, offering samples and enthusiastic recommendations, and they were never wrong.
In some ways, they really helped me discover the complexity of sushi.
But then, suddenly, one day, they told us they would be leaving soon and not returning.
Initially, we were crushed -- but we were relieved to hear that they'd be opening a restaurant of their own, and thrilled when we saw that Yoshi Bento was going up in our neighborhood.
Those who have criticized Yoshi Bento's ambiance and/or lack of frills are not wrong.
Yoshi Bento is hidden away in the back corner of an expansive shopping center, virtually out of public view.
The first time I walked in, I got the sense that the they had simply changed the signs on a dumpy, by-the-slice pizzeria, handed over the keys, and dropped a few rice cookers in.
Truth be told, not much has changed since then.
The food is served in styrofoam, and the sushi is packed with industrial ice pouches.
Let's be clear: if you're looking to enjoy a romantic dinner with breathtaking views, you will be sorely disappointed with Yoshi Bento.
But, on the other hand, if you want beautiful, mouthwateringly-delicious nigiri, tempura, and teriyaki cooked and served by experts who truly love what they do, Yoshi Bento should be your go-to place.

The food was good- although I would expect more food for the dough that you spend.
I wouldn't mind going back here again- but only if the Tea Light Cafe is too busy to accommodate us.

Love this place!
Sushi is delicious, and the owner is super nice.

Good food.
Very slow service.
By biggest issue is their large ordering menu posted in the restaurant.
I have been here twice in the last month.
Each time I order it gets more expensive.
I did the math and questioned the cashier.
He pointed out to me that they have an updated paper menu and haven't had time to change the board to reflect higher prices.
Wouldn't honor posted prices.
Ridiculous!

Love this place!
Its all made fresh when you order, service was excellent,  food was great.
We had the crispy sweet avocado appetizer,  edamame, salmon spicy garlic roll and the Las Vegas roll....everything was excellent!!

Found while exploring Scottsdale and starving, so checked it out on Yelp!
So pleased with the experience.
Small place in a strip mall, with only about eight tables, but apparently they do a lot of take out business.
The owner met us at the cash register and took our order, and he recommended the Scottsdale roll for me (crab, avocado, and cucumber topped with crunchy tuna and spicy mayo) and my wife chose the Philadelphia roll with crab, cream cheese and avocado topped with fresh salmon.
My roll was outstanding, and the cream cheese on my wife's was well-balanced with the salmon and avocado.
Both were really tasty and fresh.
He also had recommended that we try the crispy avocado appetizer, deep fried avocado with crab and salad on banana dressing with eel sauce wasabi dressing.
Different and delicious.
Washed it all down with Kirin Light for my wife and Kirin Ichiban for me, and we were full!
Not an impressive place, but guaranteed fresh sushi with some very unique choices!
A caution:  when reading Yelp!
reviews, be sure to read ALL of them and not just the most recent two!

I'm here with my family.
I love the sushi specially Las Vegas roll.
It's awesome.
I will definitely come again with my friends.

The best sushi.
I love this place...Just discovered it today.
So delicious and fresh!
I am so happy to have found this little gem.
For those who are complaining about the prices... go to a chain restaurant for happy hour.
Otherwise, if you don't mind spending a little extra for top quality fish.... Yoshi Bento kills it!
Plus, they have a lot of combo options for cheaper prices where you can get a variety of rolls.
There is also a great little vietnamese place right next door that has excellent pho.
Highly recommend both of these places.

My husband and I ate here last week and we're seriously back 2 nights later.
It's no frills, but it's all about the food here.
Isn't that all that matters anyway?
Love the choose your own roll for only $10, and the Udon is bomb!
Makes me feel like I'm back in HI GO AND EAT HERE!

What can I say I eat here at least once every ten days.
It's not about the decor, it's really about the great food.
Chicken bentos, spicy pork bowl, salmon bento, and all three soups on the menu are awesome.
The owners name is Jay and he has a really good palate and also really cares that you have a great meal.
Udon is also really good for days that you're feeling the effects of a long night out.
If you like kimchee, he may just have some for you to try as we'll if you're lucky!

Used a Groupon to try this gem out, the wife and I were very satified and left happy.
Try the fried avacado with crab meat.

Owner awesome and very accommodating- food is amazing, obsessed with their teriyaki veggie bowl!

This is not a very attractively decorated restaurant, but the food is amazing.
The owner always has good recommendations and wants you to have a great dining experience.
I go by here every time I am nearby.

This place feels a bit out-of-the way, with a small interior and not a whole lot to the ambiance.
The sushi, however, is superb.
The chef clearly takes pride in his work and creations, which show.
We had a Philadelphia roll, a salmon dragon roll, and a stuffed avocado which was new to us and utterly amazing.
Staff there was polite and because it was a smaller place inside, we felt we got a lot of personal attention and were well taken care of.
Would recommend if you're looking for some pretty good tastes, or need to pick a place for good food before a movie.

My boyfriend and I went on a date night and went to the movies.
After the movie, we decided we wanted sushi and looked up great sushi places nearby.
We ran into Yoshi Bento, and decided to give it a try.
When we walked in, we wanted to leave and find another place because we were looking for a nice, sit down restaurant.
However, Yoshi seemed like a to-go, fast food place.
But the owner was very friendly, so we decided to give it a try.
We found a Groupon deal, $15 for a crispy avocado, 2 half and half rolls, and sake bomb for two.
We ordered the Scottsdale Roll, Eel Dragon Roll, Crispy Shrimp Tempura Roll, and Salmon Garlic Roll.
Everything was good!
The crispy avocado is soooo good!
LOVED it!
The rolls were great as well, although the eel dragon roll was very cold.
In my opinion it would be much better if the eel was warm!
The owner recommended the Salmon Garlic Roll.
I hesitated because I don't like jalapenos, but minus the jalapenos, it was very good!
We were able to get an appetizer, sake bomb, and try 4 different rolls for only $15!
Definitely a great deal, and will definitely go back!

I'm going to start with the negative (and there was only one)... the wine.
Just simply not good.
The atmosphere is whatever, it's in a strip mall, but it does have a nice outside patio which actually has a surprisingly nice view.
Now that that's out of the way... wow.
Everything else was excellent.
Found this place by accident (aren't they always the nicest finds?
), after seeing a film at Cine Capri.
If I was rating it for value received, it would be like a 7 out of 5 stars.
I had the teriyaki beef bento box.
The beef was done to perfection, the tempura side dish was superb (me eat zucchini?
Yes I did and loved it)... with incredibly light batter.
The salad was also excellent.
My son had the spicy pork ramen, which was to die for.
My wife had two sushi rolls, which were HUGE, and excellent, now in the top 3 of our list of sushi places (although need to have more and a wider selection before we cement that list).
She had the crunchy California roll and the spicy California roll.
The owner was warm and personable, coming over to our table and chatting with us on a couple of occasions (although it was not busy when we went).
After dinner, he treated us to a "plum saki" drink.
Now, I don't like saki, but this was great.
Definitely on our list of favorites.

The owner here does such a great job!
Budget Japanese is not easy to pull off, but this franchise does fresh, thoughtfully prepared food perfectly, and is super friendly.
A terrific deal when you want simple rolls or basics for a reduced price and in a hurry.
Bravo!

Three of us had dinner tonight.
All dishes were great!
We had the chicken teriyaki bento, pork katsu plate, miso soup and the sushi bowl.
Everything was fresh and delicious!!
We also found out that no MSG is used.
The owner is very pleasant and nice.
We are sorry that we didn't discover this place sooner as we leave AZ in a couple of days.
Prices were reasonable too.

SO good.
Really great quality sushi at an amazingly cheap price.
My friend and I sat on the patio.
The weather was perfect, the sake was yummy, and the rolls were awesome.
Try the combination salmon/tuna dragon roll.
Family owned, super friendly service.
I will DEFINITELY be back!

We bought the groupon and when we went in to use it they acted like they had never seen one.
When I asked what it included he told me one roll and an avocado appetizer, which it does not say that on the groupon.
The value on the menu was $15 and I paid $15.
I explained to him it says it is a $30 value.
They didn't care and were fine with me leaving.
We will not be back and I will get my money back from groupon.
We never tried the sushi but customer service alone was awful enough to never go back.
Plus it's not a restaurant like I thought.
You order form a counter and they bring it to you.
Very misleading and unfortunate that they hired such a young kid that could care less about customer service and helping their business.

Looking for a decent Sushi spot and came across YB from Yelp.
Good reviews and my family had a sushi craving.
So here we are and I was pretty excited to try YB.
Walked in and I was a little confused if this was fast food or a sit down place.
Anyways, the owner greeted us and he he seated us.
Very friendly owner.
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki Bento which had a small salad, rice with a very generous portion of white meat chicken teriyaki and five pieces of tempura including shrimp tempura.
Chicken was moist and tasty, loved the little cabbage salad and the tempura was ok.
Very different tempura.
The batter used reminded me of the batter that's used for fish and chips.
The tempura was a little greasy but I enjoyed it.
My wife ordered the chicken Yakisoba.
It was pretty spicy and my wife usually doesn't like spicy but was able to eat most of it.
I tried it and it was really good.
Nice kick to it.
Of course we had to try the sushi.
So we had the caterpillar and rainbow.
Very fresh and good.
Only problem is that the sushi rolls weren't cut very good so it was crumbling while we were trying to eat it.
Presentation was really good.
Taste good.
As long as it's good I don't mind it crumbling cause once it goes down the chute it's yum yum.
Interesting that YB looks like a fast food but yet it's not.
We ordered at the table and were served.
The owner even served us our water even through its self-serve.
Overall, the food was very fresh and prices reasonable.
Enjoy and have fun.

I will say the sushi we had was very good.
We had several half rolls and the fried avocado appetizer.
We really enjoyed the meal.
The reason for the 3 stars was the customer service.
We were told to have a seat and the server would be right out.
There was only one other table besides us.
The server came around and got our drink order.
He was wearing an apron that looked like he was butchering animals.
We waited at least 15 minutes and I went to the counter to get our drinks.
He then came out to drop off glasses that were totally filthy.
It was really disgusting.
I really don't think they had been washed.
While sitting waiting we could see into the prep area and the server was helping with the preparation.
He was using his bare hands and I would assume wiping them on his apron.
I don't think there was much hand washing going on.
When our food arrived we had to ask for plates, which were also brought out dirty.
I will say the server was very nice despite being incredibly slow.
In the future I think we will stick to our regular sushi hangouts.

This establishment has changed its name to Sakura, which I believe is a chain, because we have one in Kingman.
The atmosphere is nice, the food is good and well presented.
Our waitress was a bit ditzy, but that can happen anywhere at any time.
I had the shrimp and scallops entree which was very good.
My wife had prime rib which was good but nothing to write home about.
Would I go back?
Sure.
If I was already nearby.
I've been to other Japanese cuisine restaurants that aren't Nearly as nice and the food was bleah.
Prices were a bit high in my opinion, hence the three stars.

Worst.
Service.
Ever.
Thought it'd be a fun family dinner... not.
Sat with my family of 3 for 20 minutes before getting our beverage cups.
Another 20 minutes was spent waiting for food.
40 minute wait for food MAY be acceptable when busy.
We were the first party to order,  4 other parties came in after.
3 parties were served before we decided to leave and actually get service elsewhere.
Maybe we ordered a lot?
Not at all, we ordered 2 rolls and rice.
Sad day.

We recently moved from Seattle -- where there are just as many yummy teriyaki places as their are Starbucks -- and have had a hard time finding a great place for quick take-out teriyaki or sushi.
Fortunately, we stumbled upon Yoshi Bento.
The food is great and they have a few gluten-free options (GF beef teriyaki!
) for our daughter -- which is awesome!
I highly recommend this place.
Check it out if you're ever in need of a teriyaki fix.

I ordered the Bento box, with Teriyaki tofu today and my friend had the Korean beef.
The Teriyaki had a way too sweet sauce with veggies and tofu over rice.
It tasted like a frozen dinner.
The tempura coating was very greasy, inside contained something tasteless and part was dark and hard like a bad potato.
The egg rolls were mushy and tasted like frozen also.
The coleslaw was cabbage with dressing, very unspecial.
I don't know what the greasy eggy pocket filled with rice is called, didn't even try it.
My friend liked the sauce on the beef and the rice was okay as well as the piece of shrimp tempura although very greasy.
With two sodas our bill was $24.00.
Even if it was free, I wouldn't want it.
I can't imagine this place will last long.

Spiderman!
Spiderman!
...
It was our Friday movie night with a friend.
Since it was only a little over an hour before our movie schedule, we decided to grab our dinner near the movie house.
We decided to try a bento restaurant beside our favorite phoa spot.
We got a patio table (seemed like everyone wanted to dine at the patio tables).
There were 5 tables.
When we arrived there were already 2 occupied tables.
It didn't look very busy at that time.
I guess we got the rookie server.
He just stood beside our table and did not ask us if we wanted to start with something to drink.
We ask for a glass of water and he again waited for our order (I guess it really wasn't that busy.
If he could wait and watch us drink water while we decide what to order, then he must really have some time to burn).
We started with dumplings and their crunch tofu.
The dumplings were... hmmm... dumplings.
For me, it was nothing special.
Had a good combination of crunch and chewy dumpling wrap but it was just ok.
The crunch tofu, now that's a different story.
It was different.
Good different.
Correction, very good different.
The wasabi mayo sauce on top of the lightly fried tofu was a perfect match.
The sauce had enough of the wasabi flavor but not too much of the wasabi nose wrenching effect.
It was sweet, spicy, tangy, soft and crunchy.
All in one bite.
Yum!
For our entree, we ordered chicken yakisoba, tempura roll and salmon/tuna sashimi which took a little over 30 minutes to get to our table (take note: there were only 5 full tables at that time.
With 2 guests per table).
Back to the food... well... ok...
It was worth the wait!
The yakisoba was very tasty and just had the right kick.
Sweet, salty, spicy and yummy!
It's worth coming back for another visit.
Sashimi was fresh.
Slices were generous.
Plating was really clean as well.
Would I come back.
Yes, when there is less people.
When I have enough time.
When I am craving for a good... correct that... very good tofu and tasy yakisoba.

Great food and received great service!
We were taken care by this Korean lady with glasses, she makes the best food!
Seems like she only works during the weekend..
Gladly to return when she is cooking lol

June 28th,  104 degrees outside.
Feels close to the same inside.
I made a comment to my wife as the owner passed by so he would overhear me and thankfully,  he did and after 10 minutes,  it felt much better.
Definitely pass on the appetizer sampler as everything is completely fried fried and fried.
Even the dumplings were fried as well and had some type of sweetener on them.
The fried avocado was smothered in sauce and after a few minutes was completely soggy.
The Tempera was mostly that ;tempura with a sliver of vegetable.
We ended up taking most the sampler home because our nephew, 17 will eat anything and I didn't want to throw away $13.
I order the half half eel dragon and spicy crunchy roll($10) It tasted fresh and was decent, but again had way too much sauce all over it .
I've been here about 7 or 8 times and think this experience will be my last.

I'm one for finding hidden gems.
If a restaurant inspires me to come back again and again just for one dish, then I know I've struck gold.
Here, it is the Korean dumpling soup.
Okay, so you can actually get a better bowl of soup.
But to do this, you have to go to the East or West Coast --- basically you have to be in a region where a lot of discerning Koreans live.
And, let's face it, there are about 12 Korean people in Phoenix.
Soooo...everything is relative.
This is certainly not to say that the Dumpling soup is not tasty.
If it wasn't, then obviously I would not have visited this place a dozen times just to order it.
So, you darn tootin' that this bowl of soup is worth the visit.
The broth is just the right balance of salt and peppery.
Excellent!
The dumplings are a bit chunky inside -- these are not of the same ilk as that which you would find regularly in Koreatown in LA.
But, we are not in LA.
We are at the corner of Scottsdale and the 101.
So, 4 stars for a restaurant that keeps me coming back for that one menu item.
Well done--

Yoshi Bento deserves 5 stars!
It's a hole in the wall joint.
Their menu is pretty simple, consist of sushi rolls , bento combos, and good ramen!
I LOVE the spicy pork ramen and the pork / chicken Katsu rice plate.
The owner Jay is very friendly, when he is not busy he always drops by and says hi.
This is a nice place if you want a quick meal, or call ahead for to go orders!

This place was horrible.
Service was embarassing.
Had to fill my own request for 4 waters.
They refused to honor a groupon we had paid for.
Just a huge waste of time and money.
Don't bother.

Very good, FRESH, food!
It took a little while to get our udon soup, but, well worth the wait.
Our cook was alone and making and cutting and cooking everything from scratch, so I didn't mind the wait!

