This place was perfect for our needs.
After reading the other reviews here, I was dubious and had a back-up hotel ready to go in case this place was horrible.
But, it all turned out great.
The location is very quiet and less than 5 minutes from the Strip (at Flamingo).
Our room was exactly as promised - wifi for a one-time fee of $4.99, full kitchen with limited cutlery/dishes, separate bedroom, gym and laundry room.
We are staying for 4 nights, so it's great to be able to make coffee/breakfast before heading out for the day.
And I actually like that they don't come in to clean every day; we can leave our stuff lying around when we go out.
Here's why I didn't give it 5 stars:  the top of the fridge was dusty, the kitchen had dishes but no sponge/soap, and the carpet needed a good cleaning.
If you're looking for a party, this isn't the place for you.
But, if you're looking for a solid home base while you're in town for a while, this place works great!

Good hotel for the price.
Huge rooms.
Everything is stained but to be expected by the strip.
Bring your own everything.
They don't even provide shampoo.
Overall good FOR THE PRICE.

This isn't the worst hotel I've ever stayed at, but it's not far off.
They messed up our reservation, though it worked out ok in the end.
The non-smoking room smelled like an ashtray and there were cigarrette burns in the sheets and on the tv.
There was one remote for 2 tvs and no batteries in it.
The staff were nice but the other people staying there were obnoxious.
If you want a cheap fleabag close to the strip, this place is good for you.
Me, I'll be staying at the Orleans from now on.

I've stayed here twice in the last 3 months for medium-length stays.
The price is reasonable, the rooms are decently clean and comfortable.
They come with a minimal set of dishes.
Note that the internet is free, but it's pretty slow.

I stayed here for a few weeks while I was starting a new job in southern Nevada and in the process of moving to Las Vegas.
This place was the nicest of all the extended stay properties that I stayed at.
It's not perfect... it is an extended stay facility after all.
I did find the room size adequate for myself.
When the wife and kids came to visit it got crowded fast.
The bed was comfortable and the kitchen was okay.
The staff was friendly.
The location is great... right off the freeway and close to the Strip.
The pool wasn't bad.
The best part was watching couples make out in the pool.
I'd sit on the third floor balcony and just watch the nightly action in the pool.
Who need pay-per-view porn when it's happening right there in your pool.
Seriously, it happened almost every night.
Luckly there is enough chlorine in the pool to melt your eyes to (hopefully) kill all the nasties.
Plus I'm a bit of a sick bastard and didn't mind jumping into the water.
I'd stay here again if I was between places.

I didn't stay here, but a friend of ours was in town for the WSOP and was staying here.
We visited him on several occasions while he was in town and the room location seemed pretty secure and pretty quiet.
It's a good location, walking distance to the Rio, Gold Coast and Palms casinos.
Each room had a kitchenette, living room area and a separate sleeping area.
I can't atest to the accommodations, but it seemed like an okay location if you're looking for something cheap in the area for short or long-tern stays.

It was so so.
I stayed here on my last business trip to LV for about a month.
I normally book furnished condos through a local company but they were all booked up, so I came here last minute.
I can't say that I was really very comfortable.
The place was clean on the surface, but once you got into it, it needed a deep clean.
The carpet felt gross, so I kept my shoes on neurotically.
The space was small, I felt a bit claustrophobic at times, but it was bearable.
I would consider staying for up to a week, if it was this or a normal hotel,  but a month was too long in this type of space for me.

Perfect hotel for the best Vegas time!
Stayed 3 super fun nights, it was clean, comfy, very roomy with a walk-in closet, and close to Rio, Palms, and Gold Coast.
The pool area was nice, spent some time in the jacuzzi, the big bed had lots of pillows, and the staff was very friendly and accommodating.
Did I mention KITCHEN!
We brought food to make, alcohol to keep cold, and snacks which were excellent for midnight snacking after coming back at 3am when everything else is too expensive.
You don't have to walk a mile across a casino and take an elevator to your room, they make it so easy....car to room in a minute, boom winning!
This place is the best!

This hotel was very clean and quiet.
The beds were comfortable and the rooms were very big.
Loved the walk in closet!!
The pool is at the front of the hotel, which was odd, but it was very clean.
All in all a very nice hidden gem!

This hotel is okay in a pinch but I would not stay here longer than absolutely necessary.
The room overall appeared clean but if you looked the carpet was dirty, the floor in the bathroom had cigarette burns as did the couch, which smelled and table was broken.
The room was rather large with a small kitchenette.
They have a pool which is small in size.
They don't offer any ride services and it can be a walk, so be prepared for that.
Their breakfast was ummm small.
They had packs of oatmeal and granola bars, there was no fruit and they only had one coffee when I got in.
Needless to say it left me wanting more.
But what really made it special was that the screen to the room in the main window was bent back which made me think why would someone break in to their own room when they could just go get another key, so that means someone not allowed in wanted in.
Yeah this place is not the greatest but in a pinch, would do.

Ok, so normaly Extended stay has always done me right, but this time around they failed me.
I stayed at this location the year before.
I made my reservations over the phone atleast 4-5 months in advance.
I requested to be on the first floor, and yes I know its just a request.
When we got there, there was only one person at the front, so we waited for our turn.
I gave him my information, he did not say anything about the request I made to be on the first floor.
So when I asked, the attitude I was getting was I was pretty much getting what they were giving me.
I then asked if there was something in the front building, and nothing was available.
I was super annoyed because I made the reservations months before.
Not sure if I would stay at this location again.
You cant beat the value, but I think accomodating guest needs is just as important.

