Terrible rip-off.
Fried frozen food really sucks.
The wings were bad too.
(try Blu32 instead  haiku lovers)

Decided to stop on for dinner and drinks.
Happy hour deals are not that much of a deal.
The wings were a pretty big disapointment all together.
First off they were not hot and the sauces were all pretty saltly.
We will stick with Buffalo Wild Wings next time.

We were starving for lunch, had never been to a Native New Yorker, so we thought what they heck.
I'm glad we had a coupon, but overall, I didn't think it was that bad.
I had the Philly, which, I will admit, hard to do right, but the meat had a decent taste and a good amount of cheese.
The only part I didn't understand was the extra charge for mushrooms and peppers...isnt that part of a Philly!
The do give you options on fries, which I like, the streak fries were, again, decent.
Our waiter was very nice, but seemed nonexistent at times.
Its pretty much your typical bar food with a pretty good bar ambiance.

Let's see, Bad Service, Very Slow, so so food, couldnt get waited on even when it was slow.
Much much better places to choose from in the area.

I have just one complaint here...
The 'Native Puffs' appetizer was the 2nd worst app I ever had.
A trail of sludge on the serving platter was very noticeable, as I slid the puff over to my dish.
But I didn't find any BP slush fund here to compensate my queasy stomach.
And the filling was comprised of nasty canned processed cheese.
The manager said he would give these to us at happy hour pricing, but that promise didn't make it to the check.
Now on to the good stuff.
Their pizza rocked!
The crust was perfectly crisp, the sauce was seasoned to my taste, and the toppings were spot on.
Their wings were deep fried perfectly.
I just love the honey-hot flavor.
Our server was very attentive (and his station was slammed), and the manager (and some other friendly employee) came over to check on us, telling us about an upcoming free wing special.
Even when one of the other server's bumped my arm as he walked by, he made a point to get my attention to apologize.
(Results not typical)  They have $3.00 22oz domestic tap for happy hour.
Boo Native Puffs.
Hooray Beer!
PS.
I agree with Richard.
Try Blue 32!

My buddy proposed to his gf tonight and the management totally went out of their way to make it awesome.
Steve is the best.
We showed up and didn't have the equipment we needed to play a song on the piano and he totally rushed to Walmart and bought it for us in time.
That's beyond the call of duty.

Not great.
Was hoping to like this place since they appear to have great happy hour deals and a good environment for catching games on TV, but our food came out cold and bland.
At least it's another chain that I can cross off of my "chains I've never been to" list.

The service could have been a better and this is coming from someone pretty empathetic with service professionals.
It was taking a long time for our drink orders to show up, but our server was very friendly.
The food was alright.
I'll certainly be giving it a second chance.

The food just isn't very good.
The service is not very good either.
However, they find a way to keep the place packed.
I just have no motivation to go back and eat there.

Good wings, but I miss the days when they were 10 cents and you could stuff your face for 5 dollars.

I mostly go to drink beer at this location.
When they first opened up, the service was horrible.
Took an hour to get a pizza, rang up wrong products on the order......but cut some slack.
The service has definitely improved.
The last time I went in, we had an AWESOME server.
The wings were a little dry...I like my wings slathered in sauce.
The appetizer was a little "eh.
"  Kudos to the service, but the wings sure have gone downhill....which is a shame.
I used to rave about Native NY back in 1993 to my friends back in Wyoming, but now......not so much.

We ate here once and the food was terrible but the service was passible.
Fast Forward a year or so and my husband took my daughter and I here one night because they were looking for a sports pub-like atmosphere for wings and pizza.
After nearly an hour of waiting for ANY of their food order to show, my husband called me from the place and asked if I thought they should leave.
I told them to yes, walk out after letting the server know.
He said it was not crowded at all and they just left.
Upon telling the server why they were leaving, the server told him this is just how long it took there.
No offer to comp dinner, no telling him it would be just a moment longer, nothing.
Just gave up on the spot.
We will never eat there again.
Not worth it.
I have no idea how they stay in business.

Used to be a regular at this place.
I never had a problem with service and the manager there is very good and attentive.
Over the past 6 months I began to notice a huge change.
First the food portions are way smaller.
The wings, which they are supposed to be known for look like they came of chickens that had anorexia, there was almost no meat on the bone.
The last time we went my wife ordered them grilled.
They came out charred and not one person, chef, expediter or server noticed this?
Pathetic.
She was so done with this place she didn't even bother to send them back.
We also noticed the side salads were noticeably smaller.
I mean cutting costs on the amount of lettuce you use?
I am not a big fan nor was when we used to go there often of their pizza, I think the crust is to soggy for my liking.
Sandwiches are decent, but the amount of fries you now get is far less, more cost cutting measures it seems.
The final straw was a month or so ago I was informed that to sit in the bar area you now must put your name on a list.
Who has a seating list for the bar area?
I never heard of such a thing.
In the hyper competitive world of sports bars, in the SE Valley area I can find a few more that have better quality food, with larger portions for about the same price.
They now get my hard earned dollars.
The only reason its not a 1 is that I do like many of the servers there and unlike many reviews have never had an issue with this part of the place.

Usually I get wings here, and they are always good.
Last time I went I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and fries, and it was much better than expected.
Not that I expected to be bad or anything, so it was that good.

The wings are great... so stick with just the wings.
The pizzas are decent.
Don't go with burgers or spaghettis... they are no good even by Phoenix standards.

We really love our waitress at this restaurant, Vee, she is knowledgeable about the food there, kind, and very efficient, She used to just run out the food, but now is a huge asset to NNY!
She is a great waitress there!
The wings are the best there!
We come here at least 2-3 times a month..We also have had over the last few years, Elysa/Tate they are excellent also!
Keep up the great work....can't beat great prices, excellent food, and wonderful service!
Thanks!

Spicey hone mustard wings with side of Suicide sauce Excellent!
Angela is great!

This place is your typical bar food kind of place.
We usually only go for happy hour....half price apps and drink specials.
Decent nachos, but the margaritas aren't great....although they're usually not at a sports bar.

GREAT SERVICE BUT......  We've been going to this location for the past couple of years off and on for UFC in the bar mostly, as it's very close to our house.
Truthfully the only thing I've ever really enjoyed food wise, was the chicken.
(pizza is decent).
Last Saturday night was no exception.
There were 5 of us but my gf is a vegetarian, so she always orders the veggie platter (only choice).
Normally it comes with some pretty nice whole mushrooms, cucumbers, carrots and what not...
Decent.
On Saturday we learned they had eliminated the quality veggies and changed it to a veggie and cheese platter with a small Dixie cup of artificial squeeze cheese!
Carrots, broccoli, giant tomato chunks and ez squeeze?
Are you serious guys?
This cheese is disgusting.
To call this a veggie & CHEESE platter is a bad joke.
Chicken was very good as usual but to see such corner cutting on something so simple was ridiculous.
Luckily the GM Alex Campbell was making his way around to all the tables.
I let him know how disappointed I was because I felt bad for my gf.
Alex was very understanding & apologetic and offered to go back and get some mushrooms for us, stating they no longer carry cucumbers.
He was gone about 15 minutes and we started to wonder where he went.
He then walked over to us with a plate full of fresh whole mushrooms, explaining they had all recently been chopped and he had to run to the store to get them, as there was no way he was coming back empty handed !
He actually stopped what he was doing and drove to the store to make us happy.
Now that's a great manager guys, Alex was pleasant to speak with and took care of business.
Not every situation calls for a drive, but this type of dedication is what the service industry is missing these days and I can't say enough for this fella.
Also I should mention our waiter Shane did a nice job taking care of us during the UFC fights.
We had a fun evening and the chicken was great.
Only gave 3 stars because corporate could do a much better job with the rest of the food as well as the draft beer selection.
Can't be a one trick pony & expect to do well around here guys.
Thank god for UFC, good chicken, and great managers.

Been here a couple a couple times and it's a pretty good sports bar with Ok food.
I like the flavor choices for the wings but they are not as good as they used to be.
You can get far better wings up the road at Teakwoods.
Their pizza is decent.
It tastes really good but I'm not a huge fan of the floppy style thin pizza.
Just my preference though.
I will give at least them 3 stars though for having good servers, NTN trivia and good draft beer choices.
They will remain in my local trivia round of bars that I visit.

Last night was kind of an exception... the wings were really greasy and the service was less than great.
Normally their salt and pepper wings are tough to beat!
If you go, try Tuesdays / Thursdays as the wings are much cheaper.
It wasn't just the wings - the Dos XX keg that was on "special" was flat - and they even forgot to take them off the tab when we left.
In other words, don't hurry to get here, but if you do show up, come for happy hour on Tues / Thurs.

One of the worst restaurants in the valley!
Where is the 0 star option!
I went with a group of people and we all agreed to never come back!
Terrible service: Personally, I was overcharged  $3.
In total, 4 of 6 bills were also overcharged, none were under charged to make up the difference.
(For example: it said $5 on the menu yet they charged $6 for some items.
)  When i asked to get it fixed the waitress was no where to be found and just left.
I went to the bartender to fix it and he said if i didn't know the waitresses name, he could not fix it, and it was never addressed     Terrible food: pick any item from the frozen food section of a grocery store and it will hold its own against this place, the wings had no sauce: it was baked into a terrible breading.
Spinach dip was soupy and nasty.
Chips were stale.
The pizza is terrible too (not fresh toppings).
Again a $4 Frozen Pizza rivals what was served.
Terrible beer selection, terrible kegs: only basic Domestics and Mexican lagers: the draft lines are clearly not fresh as the beers tasted a little funky.
The beer is cool, but not cold, and warm before a third of the way through.
Rude bartenders: very impatient when asking about the beer selection, just pointed and said order already.
Atmosphere was awkward: It did not have a homely feeling of a pub, nor a classy modern feeling, it felt like an airport bar.
In the end they refused address the overcharge (absolutely unacceptable), and the destroyed the great  mood I was in  prior to entering.

This place used to be amazing.
I frequented the Val Vista and Elliot location pretty often and loved, their wing specials but ever since it closed down I've had to try other places.
I'm not sure if they still have them but the quality of food sure has come down a bit.
The past 2 times I've been here my wings came out a colder than I expected.
If i had to rate it, I would say that it was colder than luke-warm but still edible.
The service has always been good though so no complaints there.
I can't say if I would recommend NNY over a place like Buffalo Wild Wings but its definitely a place to try.

The food is just ok. Our waiter was friendly.

The wings are great!
The service is friendly, it took 45 minutes for us to get 2 dozen wings ath STV location.

I agree...
I remember it being better.
But I also remember when wings were 25 cents each on tuesdays.
You can still get away with a six dollar dozen of wings so no complaints here.
The salt & pepper wings are the best when they are super hot.
My mouth is watering thinking about them... they sound gross but they are perfect.
Crunchy, flavorful.
We tried the salt & vinegar last night & liked them a lot -- if you're in the mood for tangy, try them out.
I'm also a big fan of salt & vinegar chips sooo that might explain my affection.
Asiago parmesan was also on our list... they were decent.
Not as parmesan-y as I wanted... is that a word?
Our server was alright... he seemed really overwhelmed & it took him a while to take our order.
But then was on top of it.
If I ask for extra veggies, why does one single sad strip of celery go down on my plate?
Is this some sort of mean Native New Yorker joke?
Just wondering...

I will start off on a bad note!
I live 2 miles from this location and ordered food from here for pick up.
The person I spoke to said it would be ready for pick up in 20 minutes.
So surely I was there 20 minutes on the dot and had my cousin run in for me and pick up the food and the girl at the to-go counter was super rude and unfriendly.
Then when we got the food home, everything was completely soggy and cold!
It seemed like the pizza was sitting around for about 2 hours, the wings were atrocious and the hot gravy sandwich and fries were also soggy!
I've been here many times and love coming here to eat because their food is so good!
I was so disappointed that I went to their website and wrote them a complaint about how disappointed I was in there service and that I regret spending $40 on nasty food.
The manager called me up two days later apologizing for the mishap and promised that something like this never happens.
So, she sent me a $50.00 gc in the mail for all my trouble.
I was thankful for that and my cousin and I went back to dine-in and the food was super good as usual.
Crispy wings, good appetizers and pizza.
I was pleased!

A depressing collision of bad food and worse service.
Food served cold and salted beyond being able to consume.
The service was worse.
Most of the time I had to get up and wander the restaurant to find our server.
This seemed to be the norm here, as none of the servers seemed to want to help.
There are several other restaurants in this area.
Go to any of them.

I used to LOVE native Native New Yorker, the last few times I've given them another shot and that was the last time I'll step foot into another again.
There service SUCKED the server was so rude i had to tell her she was being very rude then kissed my @$$ to make things right which they didn't.
Chicken wings came out weren't that great like they used to be.
The table was dirty when they sat us and then asked to have it cleaned and that's when the atitdude kicked in.
Brought out the apitizer plates and seen that there was old food still on the plate that didn't get washed off.
Bad experience i ever had even tried the chandler location off of queen creek and they SUCKED as well !

Native New Yorker has always been just okay for me.
I have been to this location only once before and it was not bad.
Tonight was not bad but not great.
I usually come here for one reason only, to play buzztime trivia with friends and family.
I had a burger just a plain cheeseburger with American cheese cooked medium well.
It was okay.
The curly fries were quite good.
I had a blue moon beer with shot of peach schnapps, delicious.
The service was not bad.
I informed the hostess that we wanted to play trivia when we were first seated and she turned a TV to it right away.
The TV was changed in the middle of a game but it was quickly resolved and changed back.
All in all it was an okay visit.
The food is nothing to write home about.
It is not a place that I would go out of my way to visit but the beer and apps are pretty good.
I might be back to play trivia and or watch football at a later date.

First visit last night.
Food was good but seemed a bit pricey for what you get.
I had the fish taco and thought it was really good.
May have been because it was Saturday night and there was also a MMA event on TV...but it was loud and we could barely talk at the table.
I left feeling the food was ok but I certainly would go back when it's not as rowdy in the bar area.

First time here in years........ Food was terrible!!!
Last time I'll eat here!

My family and I love to eat at Native!
Tonight the food was great and the service was amazing, Lindsay was our server, she was super attentive and very personable!
Excellent dining experience!

We ate here a few months ago and it was so-so.
We thought we'd give them another try and found out that sub-par food and sub-par service is the norm.
We were there on a Friday evening at 5:15, so no waiting for a table.
We asked for a booth but were told none were available, we could see three from the hostess bar, but settled for a table.
It was 10 minutes before our server arrived to take our drink order, a Coke, 2 teas one sweet one unsweetened.
The Coke was undrinkable, and we received 2 sweet teas.
We got the drinks squared away and ordered the Antipasto salad $9.99 and a large sausage, mushroom, onion pizza $23.
While waiting I observed food being served to the wrong tables, food being returned, and wrong drink orders.
Also other tables seated after us were receiving their food.
We ended up waiting 25 minutes for the salad,(we think the server forgot about it) which came with Ranch dressing, menu says Italian.
(our sever got us the Italian)  Although listed as an Antipasto this is acutally a chopped salad.Green pepper, green onions, tomatoes, onions, ham all diced topped with sliced pepperoni & shredded mozz and 2 pieces of thin flatbread that were limp and cold.
We also had to ask for serving tongs and silverware.
She brought us service for 2 not 3.The salad ended up only serving 2 of us anyway.
The pizza was not good.
Overcooked, very thin cardboard crust and hardly any sauce.
We won't be back.
When we left it was packed and people were waiting, why I don't know.
There's just too many other great places to eat for the same price than to settle for this.

Went here with several friends from out of town.
We happend to show up on a "fight night" - but sat on the other side of the resturant.
Had a party of five, and waited nearly20 minutes for a table.
(The hostess acted like our party of 5 was the biggest group she's ever heard of, and stated: We have to wait for another huge group to leave to give you there table")  we asked about sitting outside, but because one of our group was pregnant the woman stated "That is where the smokers sit, and I wouldn't feel comfortable seating her there.." which I thought was odd.
Once we were seated, our waitress was friendly but obviously very busy.
Forgot drink orders, multiple times, kept setting the rum and coke in front of the pregnant girl, and the regular coke in front of the drinker... which was odd (she did it twice?!
) forgot about our desert (after 20 minutes we asked about it... and she ran to the kitchen... said it was burned, and would have to make another... but honestly I think she forgot)   Then the bill was wrong.
It was just one thing after another...
I recognize they had a special event, and it was very busy - buf if you're going to have your staff working both a special event, and regular food service, you might want to consider hiring extra wait staff.
There is NO reason they needed three hostesses...
I don't think we will be back to this location.

Greatt wings And This Is One Of The Few Locations That Offer The UFC.
I LOVE The FactThey Carry San Tan Brewery Beers

The manger didnt want to a accept a federal ID we decided to leave and not give or money to this location really unprofessional will make a report with the location license and their liquor license if I could give them a negative points I would probably wont be going here anytime soon until.I.get I legit apologize from the manger and the top ppl of.native new york

Hostess is not 'on' it.
Waited 5 min before she even acknowledged me.
Other than that, seems like a good place to hang.
The food was a bit mediocre.
Nellos is better.

I'm a big fan of natives wings but this location definitely let me down.
Went to have dinner there last night with my boyfriend and son.
They sat us at a dirty table and took over 15 minutes to even bring us a menu.
I ordered 8 wings and they only brought 6 and to top it off, our waitress didn't even bring us our change back for our bill.
Did not leave a tip and will not be going back to this location :( Wings tasted great though!
lol

So I dropped by this Native New Yorker for a quick bite since my local favorite hang Old Chicago, closed down.
I ordered a Bronx Calzone (again missing Old Chicago's) and well... don't bother ordering those here.
I swear that the ingredients used were merely packaged cold cuts from a grocery store.
However, the service was excellent!!!
**Native New Yorker; quit attempting to sell raffle tickets to your poatrons while they are dining and start paying more attention to the kitchen!

A party of five, we were seated quickly but waited nearly 30 minutes before we decided to walkout.
No acknowledgment at all by no one.
Very poor customer service and will not return there at all...
There are lot of restaurants that are willing to take me monies.

Come on guys get it together!
You have a ton of wait staff and just can't seem to make it happen.
Waited for drinks for quite a while,  Got food and no silverware.
Then waited for silverware.
Then ended up with two sets of silverware.
As far as food goes......It was ok.
Although my daughter in law had some slider burgers that had a lot of bun and not much of anything else.
I am going to try it again but my give em a chance meter is running pretty low.

Slowest place ever!!!
Had 3 waiters walk by and stare at us without even smiling or greeting us.
Took them about 10-15min to come to us.
We ordered two drinks and that alone took almost 10 min.
We closed out and left.
Get it together, that was some BS.
They knew we were upset when we left and got stares and no apology.
Will never go back.

Bad wait staff with bad attitudes.
They'd rather stand in the back with their manager and talk than help their customers.
I won't be back and it's a shame because I like the wings.
Maybe a change in Management is in order, You should be on the floor and not hiding in the back.

When did this place turn into a kids karaoke bar ?
We used to come here all the time on Saturday nights and have a great time.
Now groups of kids sit at tables waiting for their next turn to sing high in their high pitched voices, it's so annoying.
Also,  the waiters and waitresses are just hanging out in booths socializing and ignoring their customers.
My husband went to the bathroom and came back saying there was a drug deal being done in the bathroom and lines being snorted in the stall.
Not going back,  it's a shame.

Service has been great the last two times I have been here.
I always order the strawberry hot wings.
They are delicious and you will not regret trying them.
It sounds like an odd flavor, but be adventurous and reap the rewards.
Found that this place is also a great place to keep up with the World Cup.
Thumbs up!

Food is random, management scarce it's a so so  place only survives because they offer sports to view while you eat food you could've prepared at home.

The first time I came here was with my cousins and friends.
It was a Tuesday afternoon for 35 cents chicken wings.
Then we came back for all drinks that were half off price that started 9:30pm till close.
There was also a singer and his voice was amazing.
To order chicken wings you have to get a drink  Service is great!
Forgot our waitress name, she was awesome.
She recommended us Strawberry Shortcake drink and she came in good timing to see how we were doing.
Didn't realize that by 11pm kitchen is close, so no more ordering food.
I'm def.
coming back!

