Reasonable Italian menu, value for money.
Chain restaurant, but nice interior and not a formulaic feel to it - open and airy, pleasant views over Newhaven and Fife.
Good location with ample parking.
Restaurant 40% full on a mid week visit.
Most main meals prepared in house, but suffers from some freezer standard dishes though.
On visit ordered Pane con cipolla as starter - garlic pizza bread with caramalised onions and mozzeralla, shared for two.
Two pizzas tried - one with goats cheese and mozzeralla, grana padano and gorgonzola, other with mushrooms and fresh thyme.
Both nicely cooked and good flavours - but pizzas not pre-cut though and wasn't an easy dough base for the table knives to get through - quite 'chewy', suggesting over worked dough.
One (large) glass red house wine and one small bottle sparkling mineral water - total bill of £27.
Look out for offer vouchers online though and this would be a good venue for a casual meal.
Should mention also the service was good, from unhurried staff nice and attentive but not overbearing.
Suggest a good bet for most diners - family, groups or couples.

Wow, what a horrible restaurant, why does everyone think they can cook?
Ok lets start from the top, the hostess seemed really put off that we wanted dinner.
With a huff she sat us down.
The food?
Oh my, it's been a while since I've such slop.
The calimari was not edible, over cooked, tasteless.
Oh and what's that dip?
Mayonaise, from a jar.
Seriously the food tasted like they went to the market, and not the upscale one, bought some food, unpackaged it, marked up the cost 1000% and called it Italian.
Don't bother.
I actually left 95% of the food on the plate, paid and left.
oh well

The fact that I can't even muster any particularly convincing dislike for Prezzo isn't a good sign as far as I'm concerned.
It's anodyne pseudo-Italian food served in a non-threatening, tastefully bland environment, for a not unreasonable price.
The food itself is safe enough - never actively horrible, because it's all kept pretty simple.
Everything is a bit overcooked (presumably on the basis that this is less likely to offend than if it were considered undercooked) and the dishes seem to be straight from a British Italian menu of 20 years ago (spicy chicken penne, anyone?).
I had slightly spongy spaghetti, in a lake of runny tomato sauce, with a few overcooked king prawns, side salad and a pot of dressing which (had I used it) would have completely overpowered everything else on the plate.
Pizzas are available in various permutations including low-fat, on some sort of non-pizza flatbread, or as something called 'The Executive' (reinforcing the impression that you've fallen through a yuppie time-warp).
This is the kind of place you might bring your great aunt - the one with the funny tummy, who generally doesn't like foreign food - or book an office Christmas party, after giving up on getting people to agree to something more interesting.

