I was heading to Coffee Buzz in Awahtukee and found it closed, but I did find a jewel that opened next door.
Zaytoon Kabob Bistro is a Mediterranean mecca of flavor.
I had the special today Barberry Rice and Chicken with a tomato Saffron sauce.
It was fantastic, the Pita bread was so soft and fresh I think they made it when I walked in the door.
They boast their Kabob and Wraps are the best, I will be back for sure.
If you have not been here yet you are missing the boat load of flavor.

I stop by here about once a month to indulge in some fine Middle Eastern/Persian cousin.
The food is fresh and tasty.
The ground beef kabob is sensational.
I believe it is made with a mix of basil, mint and paprika and cooked to perfection.
The tandoori bread an accompanying yogurt cucumber sauce finish off the entrée nicely.
I would recommend trying out the daily special - offered six days a week.
My favorite luncheon daily special is the Barberry rice and chicken.
This meal consists of chicken, barberries (not quite sure what a barberry is?
) and plenty of basmati rice.
The chicken is cooked to perfection and is added to a saffron tomato sauce.
The flavor is delicious and not too strong.
The staff is helpful when making a selection and takes quite a bit of pride in their food.
Zaytoon is a great place for a quick lunch time meal that will set you back by about $10.00.
The food is not too filling, but the portions are just right for lunch time.
If you are adventurous, you can try the doogh, a lightly flavored yogurt beverage.
The drink will compliment the meal.

We went here tonight with another couple for the first time, and we were all very impressed.
We will definitely be back!
I can't wait to try the daily specials in the future.
Our chicken kabobs were tender and just the way I like them.
The prices are fair, and you get a lot of good, fresh food for your money.
I am happy that this place is right down the street from us.
How lucky we are to have this jem in Ahwatukee!
It would be nice if the restaraunt had plain yogurt on hand for those of us who like to eat this kind of cuisine with it.

Awesome food, great prices and good service.
My favorite so far is their eggplant appetizer, so YUMMY.
Also from their entree I love their ground beef kabob.

Amazing food!
We picked up carryout, ordered chicken kabob wrap/gyro/ground beef wrap.
Truly was some of the tastiest food we've had in a long time.
We'll be back!

Nice little place, but not the best M.E.
food in town.
My son and I both had the Filet Wrap and shared a side of Basmati.
The side was fairly large, definitely enough for two people.
The filet meat was well-seasoned, and tender, very yummy.
On the downside, I thought the amount of meat was a little skimpy.
My son ran out of meat and still had about 1/3 of his wrap left.
Bummer.
I'm going to go back and try some of the daily specials, which all look tasty and appear to be a better value than the $7.99 wrap that comes only with a wrap and a good sized tub of tzatziki sauce.
Definitely will return, considering there is nothing else like it in that area.
Good find.

I ordered the chicen entree with a beef kabob and safron ice cream.
This place is located in a strip mall and the inside was warmer than my comfort level would have liked it to be on a summer afternoon.
The rice was bland but it was individual grains (which not all places have).
The chicken was WAY too salty and had little to no real seasoning/spice.
It was almost if they thought salt was seasoning!
The ice cream was just OK.
I think the grilled tomato cost $1 extra, but I wouldn't be able to really comfirm since they don't give you a copy of the receipt (but my math tells me that is how the final bill worked).
First time there, and won't be going back.

I would give this American-Arabic place a 3 and 1/2.
I had the lamb kabob plate and they lost one star as the combo plate does not make sense.
Why give me half a pita bread and no hummus or not ask if I wanna add hummus to go with it.
The lamb was above average, rice is basmati with some yellow coloring on some of it.
My buddy had their chicken and it's soft and pretty tender but unfortunately not tasty.
The lamb had a nice dark grilled color but the chicken looks like a bright yellow thai curry chicken without much flavor.
I guess i was expecting a more arabic place with such an exotic name but it's kind of like peiwei for Arabic.
Not excellent but I guess it's a good to go place if u find yourself on Chandler blvd and in need of a gyro fix.
If u can wait, there are others.

My daughter and I had a couple of the beef and lamb gyros.
They were wonderful.
The meat was tender and juicy,  the bread was soft and pliable.
The only thing that I could find wrong was the tazeki sauce could have used some more spices, it was kind of blah.
We would go back.
Service was great too.

ONE WORD: Gross.
My cousin and I compared the texture of the ground beef kabob to that of her dog's food.
The filet kabob, while the taste was ok, had a very strange texture - almost like it was steamed or something.
I definitely agree that they are VERY skimpy on the meat, which I guess doesn't matter 'cause it sucked.
The hummus was just blah - I could make my own better.
Their only saving grace was their basmati rice, which wasn't even all that great either.

Good gyro's - a little on the greasy side, but this has never stopped me.
A fairly good deal for your money.
The chicken kabob was very good, juicy, which not something I expect from chicken outside of my own home, tasty and comes with a heaping amount of basmati rice.
The cucumber dip, tzatziki, was okay.

I came here with a pre-bought discount coupon and ordered the chicken and filet entrees and the eggplant appetizer.
The chicken and eggplant were both decent, but the filet was horrible.
The meat tasted strange and definitely not anything like the delicious filet I've had at mediterranean restaurants before.
The chicken entree is priced decently, and the meat is moist and flavorful, but I would definitely never recommend the filet.

Same kronos meat everyone uses, and they haven't burnt my gyro yet.
That's good in my book, I don't expect every small business to supply their own gyro spit.
The pita bread and tzatziki is fresh made, which is great.
The wraps skimp on the meat, stick to the entrees.
The baclava is good.
Not cheap, but better than Nero's.

Finally made my way up to this little joint.
Owned by a couple of people who live in-State, not a corporate chain but they do have multiple locations.
Had the DeeZee.
Tasty lamb,garbanzo,potato mixture in a thick stew with a side of flavorful broth "soup" for slurping.
Son had chicken kebab, very tender, very juicy, flavorful and served with basmati rice which went well with my lamb too!
Came with a cool roasted Roma tomato, spicy red onion pieces and more pita than we could eat.
Had the hummous, its simple & tasty but too "chilled", next time I will ask for an extra plate and stir it up real well before we dip.
GOOD SERVICE.
Friendly order takers give input on the food.
HAPPY with my selections.
We'll be back.
Two full meals with leftovers, hummous and 2 drinks for under $25!

I went here for lunch with two coworkers today.
We went to the location on Ray and Rural.
The decor was strip mall gloomy, but I expected that.
The music was a little low, so it was a bit silent when we went in there.
I think turning it up a notch would be great.
The man taking our order was very friendly and offered a sample of the Wednesday Special Eggplant Stew.
My friend ordered that.
I got the Lamb Kabob Entree, and my other friend got the chicken wrap.
To start off, my dish had a lamb kabob, basmati rice w/saffron, and a grilled tomato.
The lamb was very flavorful and not dry, and the rice was okay.
There were a few sliced red onions on the side, but I could have used more.
What was really lacking was pita bread.... oh wait.. under the rice and kabob was a half a pita bread that was hidden.
It was a really poor choice to put it under there.
It soaked all the juices of the kabob and ended up being mushy.
My friend's chicken wrap looked pretty good.
A chicken kabob wrapped around a pita with cucumber sauce and onions.
The fries he got looked double fried.
I think he made a face at me, because they had a brand of "true chef ketchup".. and he's from Pittsburgh.
The other friend said the eggplant stew was okay.
With all the mediterranean restaurants around, I was hoping that the special would be the star of the place.
I may come back one more time and try a different special, but I think there are a lot more standout places around.

Great Food....
Always, made to order and the gyro sauce....
I could eat everyday with almost anything.... Great customer service....

We found the gyros to be good for the price, although Niro's Gyros a few miles away is still our favorite for a quick lunch.
The desserts were a little pricey and were extremely sweet.
Personnel were very friendly and helpful .
We have been there a couple of times now and will go back.

I went to the location on Ray and Rural early on a Saturday.
I ordered a Gyro.
I was about to pay with my debit card and was told there is an $8 minimum purchase to use a debit cards.
I said okay I'll take fires then, the cashier snapped "it already comes with fries".
I said fine I'll take an extra side of Taziki sauce.
He then snapped again "the total is still only $7.60".
By then I said forget it and cancelled my order.
I couldn't believe this guy wouldn't budge for 40 cents.
If they are this cheap about debit fees then how cheap are they with the food?

Tried out the location on Rural and Ray.
The service was friendly and fast.
Ordered the gyro wrap, which was delicious.
They provide a generous amount of  tzatziki.
Even the fries that came with it were good, crispy and golden brown.
We will certainly go be going back.

i really wanted to like this place, as i try and frequent local businesses as much as i possibly can.
that said, i was disappointed in the service and quality of the food that was served.
everything was just average and i can not see myself coming here again.
just to be clear: the restaurant did nothing wrong, but there was just no love connection.

I hate to give restaurants low reviews.
And I will give this restaurant a second chance -- probably at the closer Ray and Rural location (which, thanks to summer hours, was closed on a Sunday, but not this one).
But the problems were myriad -- from getting the wrong order to confusing ordering to a possible lack of air conditioning (in July in Arizona!).
There is promise in the gyros and the chicken.
But the problems I ran into are worth the two star review.
Hopefully I can write a better review soon.
Also, unless you're used to it, do not even attempt to try the yogurt soda.
You'll thank me later.

Brought in a "Buy 1 Gyro, Get 1 Free" coupon; first-time customers.
They kept the entire sheet of coupons, instead of just the one.
We asked for no onions on one gyro and they put onions on both.
The gyros were drowning in grease and the meat was mushy.
Yes: mushy.
I have no idea what kind of "meat" it was--we're used to lamb gyros and didn't realize they served multiple types.
The coupon was non-specific, and the cashier didn't ask what we wanted, which is ridiculous in retrospect.
Whatever it was, it was revolting.
The french fries were good, though also very greasy.
I feel like we ordered take-out from Mrs. Lovett's pie shop.
If any one of these things had been different, I probably wouldn't have written this--it was just one thing after another.
I was really disappointed, because their menu sounded amazing.
But now I'm just not sure they can pull it off.
Maybe the other locations are better.

Great food and amazing service.
Best Persian food in az!

The side of Basmati rice is huge!
Enough for the whole family!

Food is always fresh & delicious, we stop in at least once a week for their gyro plate.
Love the dressing on the green salad, highly recommend.

Food is great but the service is very inconsistent.
They frequently forget to ask if I want the grilled tomato, when the menu changed they no longer include pita bread.
One of the employees just said you had to ask but when I did they said it was an extra charge.
Sometimes they charge extra for tzatziki sauce and sometimes they don't.
Things are frequently forgotten from my order or it is wrong.
At this point because the service has been so poor my husband and I are considering never coming again.
The three stars is SOLELY for the food.

This is a smaller place in Ahwatukee, that has a decent chicken shwarma, and the basmati rice is very good.
The tzatziki sauce is delish and we like to come here because it reminds us of our trip to the middle east.
The entree portions are a decent size, and the meat is seasoned nicely.
We have tried a few places, but this is the one we go back to since it is fairly close to us, and is more genuine (and cheaper, less crowded) than oh, say, a certain P. Jungle place :)

This place has the best gyro and chicken wraps I have ever had.
The hummus is great.
I also really like the kalamata olive hummus.
I have tried all of the specials; I particularly love the gormeh sabzi.
Zaytoon is the first place I have ever had a gyro or any kind of mediterranean style food I have ever had.
I quickly became addicted.
I have tried many other places that are not quite as good.
I live in California now and always go to Zaytoon when I visit family in Arizona.
So yummy!

We had an excellent meal.
The chicken and beef were very tasty.
The yogurt sauce was perfect.
I am Greek and no good Mediterranean food.
Highly recommend

Horrible food and horrible service pita heaven or pita jungle are much better and priced the same :/

