Novus has a national commercial which says to use them and they will "pay you up to $200 on the spot".
I called them and was told that for my Toyota Camry, they only pay $150.
That was fine, so I arranged the appointment.
Their repairman did as good a job as anyone else.
That's not the complaint.
After the windshield was repaired, I asked the repairman about the $150, and was told I would get it in the mail.
The first lie.
Five days later, I called Novus to ask were my money was.
I was told sometimes the drivers forget to report a repair, and that it had not been sent.
She said she would send it immediately.
Three days later, I got it.
To my surprise, I received three $50 gift cards for Restaurant.com.
These cards could be used to get certificates from Restaurant.com for discounts in selected restaurants, most of which are obscure.
The discount is normally slightly more than half of the bill, not counting alcohol or tax.
These certificates can usually be bought over the internet for about 20 cents on the dollar.
So, I really received gift cards worth about $30.
When I called to complain, I was told I had obviously misunderstood.
But, the commercial speaks for itself, and NOTHING was said to clarify it when I made the appointment.
The commercial is absolutely a scam.
Don't use them.

Don't fall into restaurant gift card or $200 cash.
They never give you cash expect $150 crappy restaurant.com gift card.!!

Yea, they got me with the ridiculous gift cards too..... Windshield is fine but this is a scam pure and simple.
The cards are to places no one ever goes or on the verge of going out of business, shame on me for being so stupid.
The gift cards are plain old crap, not worth a thing..........................

I received a suspicious sales call from this company (claiming to work for my insurance company at first).
When I reminded the man that I'm on the Do Not Call list, he became very rued and said; "you sound like a know-it-all A********"" and then laid the phone down.
His supervisor "Kathy" then came on the line and proceeded to 'sweet talk' me into giving her information about my vehicle (which I didn't), promising a 4 day cruise/hotel which I could win if I gave her my info.
She said they had a mobile unit in my neighborhood--"just right down the street" (an obvious lie as I live in a gated community).
I said no and reminded her again that I am on the DNC list and don't appreciate these kinds of calls (especially someone insulting me like that).
She persisted to ask for my vehicle information, insurance company name and policy number in an effort to try and sell me repair services for my "auto glass needs" (promising a chance to win the cruise with hotel, etc).
I finally got her to confirm their company address and I discovered that she "Kathy" really does work there (so I know it wasn't someone else masquerading as them).
I receive several of these sales calls a month (companies saying they have a "mobile unit" in my neighborhood and then needing my private or financial information).
This company's pitch was no different.
Some are just aggressive and misleading sales calls while others are complete scams.
Either way, this company's practices are against the law and unethical as well.
I hope they get investigated and fined.

Horrible people work here.
Very unprofessional and crazy.
Run away and never give them your phone number or they will call you multiple times a day.

I have not had my windshield replaced but I have gotten calls from this company literally EVERY day.
They called me (I never reached out to them) and asked if I had any dents on my windshield.
I was getting into my car and had just noticed a small one so I answered, "actually yes, a small one...."  They automatically started asking when they could come and fix it.
I told them I was not interested right now and hung up.
So they called back again and again - and each time I told them I was not interested in fixing it.
They always argued, "but your insurance company will pay!!!
"   When I finally got aggressive with them, after about seven phone calls, they in return, got aggressive with me.
Harassment is NOT an acceptable sales tactic.

