Pretty standard Subway.
Although, they just got veggie patties in (opens up the Veggie Patty sandwich and the Veggie Max salad on the standard menu).
This is pretty rare for a Subway, the only other one that I know of with Veggie Patties is the one on the NE corner of 19th Ave and Bell.

This Subway is in the North parking lot of the Fry's Marketplace at Prasada.
While doing a recent rental property renovation nearby, and there being a lack in other healthy fast food choices in the area, I ate at this Subway four days in a row.
Being a large international chain, you get to expect a certain amount of uniformity between franchisees, but this was amongst the better Subways I've been to.
What set it apart was the service.
This store has some employees, at least at the times I was in there, that really excell in customer service.
I had ran out of drinking water a few hours after eating, so I thought I'd go back to this store to fill my bottle.
The nice young man that had served me earlier not only welcomed me back, but held the self-serve fountain open for a few seconds to take the "minute maid pink" out of  the water for me.
Each of the four days I went for lunch here, there was a bigger lineup than at other Subway stores, yet the employees were working through them diligently.

Great subs!
Longs lines at peak times but still move fast and efficiently.
Employees smile and greet just about everyone that walks in.
My all time favorite is still the meatball sub on wheat.

When we are in a mood for something light, we'll come here to pick up a sami!
There is not much you can say about a franchise.
Food is usually the same everywhere.
Only thing we can really add is their service.
Some times they might have a large size line, but they go through it very fast!
Very friendly staff, even though they tend to have Friends their to chat!
If it's cool outside they have enough seating.
But when you prefer inside during the heat.
It tends to get crowded.
Overall a very nice location.

Its Subway!
Clean and Fast

This is a 2nd review.
Young teens that do not know how to pay attention.

We prefer Jersey Mike's and other delis for subs, but this Subway is nearby and very convenient so we frequent on occasion.
Compared to other Subway's we've been to, I'll say this one is one of the best.
The employees always greet when we walk in, regardless of how busy it is.
Even with a line, they have great customer service, act as a team to get customers taken care of quickly.
We've found the food to be put together nicely and haven't been disappointed (knock on wood).
Store is clean, behind the counters as well.
Employees look neat and friendly.
There is a comfortable amount of seating inside and out.
Our Subway has extended serving hours.
Subway is NOT our favorite franchise to get a sub, however, we enjoy when we do decide to pop in for a quick lunch or easy dinner for our kids....MUCH better alternative then a fast food joint like Sonic or McDonalds (in my opinion).

Overall, great Subway.
Clean with polite staff.
Open 24/7 is a bonus - it's very close to my house which works out.
Sometimes the staff, which usually consists of some younger employees, can get kind of retarded when they think nobody's watching.
Kids will be kids, I guess, as long as it doesn't effect my sandwich.

It is Subway - chain fast food (although they don't call it that).
While most of the subs are healthy, it is the stuff you start putting on them (extra mayo, cheese sauce, etc) that makes them bad for you.
This particular Subway, and the rating - its the people, they just need to pay better attention.
If you are the ONLY customer in the restaurant... then you are OK. Come in during a lunch or dinner rush... and you can only hope.
Manager needs to do some good group and team training - if they would all just work together.

What do you expect?
I wavered from my usual Club and had the Buffalo Chicken to.
Not bad.
Not great.
I am glad they finally switched the kids meal bags.
We have way too many of them.
They added more seating outside.

ABSOLUTE WORST SUBWAY IN FRANCHISE HISTORY!!!
This franchise is privately owned by Stacey Provence and Douglas Pasanella, two people that should NEVER be allowed to own a customer service based business!
Don't complain about the crappy service or incorrect charges because they will call the police and create accusations and file a false police report against you to avoid refunding you a $4.00 discrepancy or remaking a sandwich to please the customer.
Not only will you be denied the proper solution to poor customer service or being overcharged, your bad experience at this Subway may turn into being contacted by the police!
The last time I checked, the customer was ALWAYS right!
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!

The food is pretty standard Subway quality.
The reason I am writing this review is because I have had 2 separate occasions where the female manager was very rude, loud, and unprofessional.
I would also like to make a mention that there should be more training on cross contamination.
I've seen veggies fall into meat products or meat into veggie trays and they just pull it out and throw it back in.
Either way, its Subway and I still grab an occasional sub.

This is a good Subway.
The staff was friendly and the place was clean.
The manager of shift even offered a free sample of a cookie for my son.

Employees must be trained to be skimpy with the ingredients.
My seafood sub had nary a piece of (artificial) seafood on it...ditto for the tuna sub.
Stick to the regular meats here or you'll just get bread!

The ladies that work here  really are artist of the sandwich!
Every time is a smile

ABSOLUTE WORST SUBWAY IN FRANCHISE HISTORY!!!
This franchise is privately owned by Stacey Provence and Douglas Pasanella, two people that should NEVER be allowed to own a customer service based business!
Don't complain about the crappy service or incorrect charges because they will call the police and create accusations and file a false police report against you to avoid refunding you a $4.00 discrepancy or remaking a sandwich to please the customer.
Not only will you be denied the proper solution to poor customer service or being overcharged, your bad experience at this Subway may turn into being contacted by the police!
The last time I checked, the customer was ALWAYS right!
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!

They ran out of soup and didn't make more.
No apology or caring attitude.
Just, 'No more soup for you.
'  Now I have to find another subway and drive further from home.

The service is BAD!!!!!
The place is dirty and the staff is more interested in goofing off than taking care of business.
The subs at Fry's are just as good and you won't have to wait a ridiculous amount of time to get one.
This location is busy ... but not because it's anything special.
I think they could really use a management team?
Someone needs to step in and clean things up.

I have nothing bad to say about the people or food.
It's subway after all and I have a good experience most of the time.
But 25% of the time I order the Seafood Sensation one of the careless employees measures out 4 of the skimpiest scoops they can deliver to the bread.
Why be so stingy?
It's artificial crab meat anyway.

