I strongly recommend Jacqueline Hanna Photography.
I found her very easy to work with, and I found her work to be excellent and reasonably priced.
I needed only a few head shots for marketing/publicity purposes.
She surprised me by suggesting that we shoot at an outdoor location.
The various interesting backgrounds and natural lighting produced work that exceeded my expectations.

We love Jacqueline Hanna Photography!
We opted for an outdoor photo shoot with our dog at D.C. Ranch in Scottsdale.
Jacqueline is professional and full of energy.
Her ideas are refreshing and innovative.
Her love of photography is evident in all of the photos she takes.
We love our photos and can not stop sharing them with friends and family.
I highly recommend her as we will be repeat customers.
If you are looking for a photographer, you will not be disappointed with Jacqueline.

Love Jacqueline Hanna Photography!
We've used her for our baby's milestone photo shoots (two thus far) and have enjoyed every session!
Very easy to work with, offers wonderful suggestions but is never pushy about anything.
We've really enjoyed working with her and our little one loves her, too!

Why waste your time trying to buy a camera?
After all you probably lose it, if not you'll probably break it.
And do you know how to focus?
For one 10th of the cost you will get a professional picture.
Your family will remember you forever.

Jacqueline is a wonderful photographer.
We have had two sessions with her and she was professional and very pleasant for both.
Most importantly for me, she relaxed the whole family so our poses looked natural.
The photos have beautiful color and we received many compliments on them.
I love that she gives you the digital pictures so you can do whatever you want with them.

So I loved Jacqueline before now I love her even more.
She took our wedding photos and they turned out amazing!
Her photos are truly beautiful.
She has a remarkable talent and her fun personality is highly contagious.
We are so blessed that she preserved our wedding day and reception for us to enjoy forever!

