"Peanut-butter jelly time"!
The perfect brunch natured meal for us kids at heart.
The peanut-butter jelly French-toast is unique, delicious and comes with excellent service.

Tried Wine 5 for the first time today very friendly staff and the food was great will be back to try more!!

Haven't tried the wine here, so can't comment on that yet.
But....it's the perfect little breakfast place with a unique menu.
My husband ordered the peanut-butter & jelly pancakes, and loved them.
I went with the healthy breakfast (oatmeal, egg whites, etc) and it was fantastic!
The other two in our party enjoyed their meals too!
The customer service is just right....helpful, but not stalker-ish.

I actually really liked this place, service was excellent and feel and decor is inviting and relaxed.
The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because there are no Vegetarian items.
A basic salad is not enough for most vegetarians, and I can make that at home.
I hope they add a few Veggie friendly items soon and continue the great quality of food they turn out.
Luckily we eat seafood and got to try the Salmon and Ahi tacos.
The tacos come out disassembled and you build your own taco, which I really like.
The Tacos come with a Avocado puree, cabbage and a tomato salsa, which when all put together is a explosion of flavor.
The shells are fried and remind me of my moms which is a good thing.

4 stars for my breakfast review!
Great atmosphere, a good breakfast at a reasonable price.
The PJ French toast was very good.
I look forward to going back for lunch or dinner!

Never have I gotten more out of such an unassuming restaurant.
I was looking on Yelp for a new spot to check out and randomly picked Wine 5 Cafe mostly due to its close proximity to our house.
Pulling into the parking lot, I didn't expect much.
Nothing too spectacular visually from outside.
I ordered the salmon upon the suggestion of our server and my wife had the blackened chicken breast.
As our dishes first became visible in the window yo be delivered to our table, we knew we were in for a pleasant surprise.
Every aspect of the food was incredible.
Presentation?
Amazing.
Freshness?
Amazing.
Preparation?
Amazing.
Flavors?
Amazing.
Price?
Incredible.
I can't say enough about how great this place is.
Highly, highly, highly recommended - and I don't impress easily.

The other afternoon I turned the wrong direction onto Cheyenne and caught a glimpse of a new restaurant in the space that used to be Gallo's.
I went inside and saw a lot of the familiar decor, but with a fresh new look.
White tablecloths, though plastic, were the fancy kind, and flowers on the table created a whole new atmosphere.
I looked at the menu, liked what I saw, and returned for dinner tonight.
We were a group of eight.
I didn't look at bottle prices for the wine, but some of the per-glass prices were a bit steep.
My husband and I ordered Riesling, which was the least expensive, but that's not why we ordered it.
We just prefer it.
But the brand listed was Chateau Ste.
Michelle, which is our least favorite.
When it was served, we were astounded that they would substitute a different brand and not tell us - this wine was delicious!
We soon learned from the owner, who brought over the bottle, that THIS Ste.
Michelle was a completely different vintage from the cheaper stuff every other bar and restaurant serves!
Half the couples ordered beef tacos as an appetizer.
The beef is served in a small crispy tortilla bowl, and the fixings, including guacamole, surround it.
I had a taste and it was delicious.
For me, it would have been a meal.
But they're bigger eaters.
Three people ordered the rib steak and pronounced it terrific.
It was served with brown rice and a mixture of fresh asparagus, green beans, and julienned carrots, as were all the other entrees.
I'm not a fan of brown rice, but there was nothing to substitute for it, so I got it anyway.
It was more like a risotto, which I'm usually not crazy about, but in this case it was a definite improvement over the usually bland brown rice.
My husband ordered blackened tuna, and another friend had blackened salmon.
Both were perfectly prepared, though she complained about the salt, which is why I never order blackened anything - virtually all brands of that seasoning have salt as their first ingredient.
I tasted both, and the fish was astoundingly good (if you discount the seasoning).
Another friend had one of the specialty salads as her main, and she raved about it.
My own entree was the only one that was disappointing.
I ordered the Spicy Shrimp in Lime Garlic Sauce.
The shrimp were on the small side, though overall there were enough of them.
I'd rather have fewer, larger shrimp.
But I tasted no lime and no garlic, and it seemed to be in a thin tomato-y sauce that was nothing like what I was expecting.
When I asked the waitress to bring me some lime, she returned with lemon quarters.
Not the same!!!
She checked in the kitchen and returned to tell me that they have no fresh limes - the dish is made with processed lime juice.
The vegetables were excellent, but my brown rice was good halfway through.
Then I got to a hard lump that obviously had sat in the pot too long and was scraped from the side.
It wasn't burned, just hard and dried out.
Had I not been so disappointed in my own dish (which wasn't terrible, just blah), I would have given this place five stars.
After all, seven out of eight of us loved our entrees.
But we all loved the ambience, the comfort, and an owner who was present throughout.
We will definitely return soon.

Well, it looks like a nice place.
We live on the Eastside, but were running some errands in the northwest.
We really wanted to try Wine 5.
We got there at 9:25 for some breakfast.
It said on Yelp that they are open at 9am and also said 9am on their "closed" sign...
But they were closed.
Sucks because it looked like my kind of place.

Driving through Vegas on a 1,400 mile road-trip I stopped to see a friend in Vegas.
She was also from out of town but since her mom lived there I thought she would know where to go.
Wrong.
No problem, Yelp iPhone app to the rescue, yet again!
I wanted some place where I could get a sandwich or salad.
And this place looked like it had some positive reviews and was new.
We drove the couple miles to get there and it was totally worth it.
The place had a great charm to it and a very friendly staff.
Our waitress was kind and helpful.
She's very enthusiastic about the restaurant and the menu and it shows.
The food was great, as was the Malbec she recommended.
The ahi tuna tacos my friends had were tasty and perfectly seared- not overdone.
The turkey-bacon-avocado-with cranberry aioli that I ordered was not only really tasty and on a delicious bun, but was also a large portion.
It was perfect fuel for my last few hundred miles of the drive back to San Diego.
Las Vegas is definitely lucky to have this new cafe with a lot of soul and a talented staff.
Try this place out and support a great new business.
I hope you have as nice a meal as we did.
:-D

I'm looking at all the previoius four and five star reviews and wondering if we went to the same place...  Having read their website's bio of the chef and their commitment to fresh ingredients, I thought it was well worth a try as my wife and I like to try to support new, worthwhile eateries in our part of town.
there was a sax player playing over some canned background music or a synthesizer or something...it was just o.k.
musically, but waaay too loud.
I was interested to try the "fried vegetable logs".
The waitress brought a pile of fried mixed vegetables...swimming in a pool of greenish liquid, and topped with melted cheese.
I asked about the liqud and she told me it was from the green chili sauce (which I was never able to detect except for the runny pool of liquid at the bottom of the plate.
consequently, the fried vegetables were a soggy mess.
After that came the salad...well, not exactly.
Just a few minutes after getting our soggy appetizer the waitress kind of aplogized and told us our main courses were on the way out, and that if we wanted, she could put the fried vegetables on the table behind us, since our two top was too small to hold the tree oversized plates.
As far as I was concerned she could take it anywhere...just take it.
Sure enough, out came the main courses, but no salad.
That came about five minutes later, and again due to a lack of room the waitress offered to put it on the table behind us.
I was starting to get frustrated so I told her that I'd just pass on the salad.
As she was taking it back to the kitchen, the manager saw her return it, but didn't say a word to us about it.
The entrees themselves were underwhelming at best.
My pork chops were dry adn swimming in a brown sauce that had too much salt (and too much demi glace).
And there were enough chunks of bland potatoes for three servings...this from a guy who loves potatoes.
My wife's club sandwich was unremarkable at best.
As we were finishing the manager/maitre d' came over to ask how our dinner had been.
Too little too late.
I toldhim it was fine, just because I wanted to be done with the whole experience.
And now I am.

I think Wine 5 Cafe is a good addition to the restaurant scene in "Old Summerlin", as the area has come to be called.
Four of us went together around 2pm and two of our group were able to still order breakfast, despite the menu saying we couldn't - always a plus.
On the Breakfast side, two omelettes were order and enjoyed - the Very Cheesy and Fluffy was exactly what it said and the other omelette, ordered scrambled, was full of good stuff.
What I noticed about each was that the chef really knew his business about eggs.
Neither dish was over- nor under-cooked, neither was dry and neither had a plate of egg water under it.
This is surprisingly uncommon and implies both dishes were cooked in a pan, not a griddle - increasingly uncommon.
Each was also served with a healthy portion of hash browns, which were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside - salt was needed, however.
On the lunch side, my brother and I each ordered a burger, he, the "Hickory Smoked", and I, "The Exception".
I found the Exception to be basically well-formed with a great bun and their signature red onion marmalade, however the meat was a bit over-cooked and not flavorful despite being cooked in "spices and red wine braised".
Also, the shredded iceberg doesn't work for me.
I wouldn't necessarily describe this burger as exceptional.
My brother's Hickory smoked was perfectly-cooked and very flavorful with bacon and pepper jack cheese.
If I ordered his burger, I would be inclined to give this place its fourth star.
On the appetizer side, we tried the "Nairobi City Park Ahi Tuna Tacos".
We'd never heard of African tacos before and given the great variety of things that can be found in the Street Taco concept, we were game.
After questioning the name, the waitress informed us that both the cooks are Kenyan and most of their food has elements of African seasoning.
Let me say, I wish this came through more in my burger because these were some of the best fish tacos I've ever eaten.
The chucks of Ahi were well-seasoned and mixed with great in-season tomatoes that were perfection!
We were supplied with extra tortillas free of charge - another plus.
I found our waitress to be pleasant and helpful and concerned with actually connecting with each guest and her recommendations were for the most part right-on.
A few other notes - the wine list was quite good.
Though I didn't have wine, I knew about 3/4 of the list.
And, of those that I didn't know, they seemed like good selections.
What would make this place 4 star?
The burger.
Although my brother's was good, I have to give my rating based on my food mainly, and the burger needed help.
I think this is probably a consistency thing however, not a major problem.
Once in a while food is not perfect.
What would make this place 5 stare?
I'd have a hard time making this a 5 star joint, which has nothing to do with its food, but its marketing.
I think a 5 star joint has to be at the top of its particular field.
Wine 5 actually sits between two types, upscale and diner/breakfast place.
Since it is not at the top of former, I can't give it the full 5.
But that's just how I play the ratings game...  Bottom line:  Great menu with fresh variety and something for everyone.
I'll definitely go back to see if I can give it that fourth star...

This place is great for going out to dinner with friends!
The decor is inviting and super quint.
The wait staff is very friendly and never neglected our table.
We ordered the appetizer sampler platter, the chicken tacos and the spicy chicken wings were so good.
I have no idea what spices they used but it was delicious.
The platter also came with the southwest egg rolls which I would order as a meal in itself.
I had the cojita salad which was a huge portion but had a little but to much dressing on it for me.
My boyfriend had the Salmon Ruben which was piled with perfectly cooked Salmon fillet (I don't even like fish but I like this Salmon!
) We we're way to full to order dessert but the choices were very tempting.
I will definitely be returning to try out other things on the menu and I really want to try their breakfast menu as well.

I dont usually give 5 stars on anything but this place deserves it.
The drunken frito misto (hope I spelled it right) platter was an amazing appetizer.
its says it serves 2 but could easily serve 3. but just like everything else here the portions are HUGE.
I got the salmon ruben for my entree and it was great.
I thought that salmon on a rueben would have been odd but it wasnt at all.
the sandwich had a tasty remoulade with cooked cabbage and wasn't that usual sour kraut from a can that alot of restaurants put on there ruebens.
The salmon was cooked perfect and juicy, the rye bread was buttery and crispy delicious.
Overall decore was cute and thoughtful ( even the place is relatively small the place feels big and open with giant glass windows to see right into the kitchen), service was professional ( all servers wear ties and white dress shirts italian bistro style) and friendly and I never felt abandoned,  food portions are gigantic and everything seems to be made from scratch very fresh tasting.
I guess the bottom line is you wont leave disappointed or hungry thats for sure.

A nice place to eat.
Great food and service.
The menu is unique creative.
The owner really cares about his family owned business and it shows.
I'm so glad places like this still exist amidst the glut of food chains.

The place is cute and service was friendly, but very, very slow.
We went on a Wednesday at 7pm, not expecting the place to be busy.
I wonder if they have a senior early bird special I don't know about.
The restaurant was quite full with an older crowd and the live entertainment consisted of a guy singing and one on keyboard - both of retirement age- playing songs from the 50s.
The crowd seemed to be enjoying themselves.
I was disappointed in the menu.
The most intriguing thing I saw were the Nairobi City tacos.
I ordered Ahi Tuna and the portions were huge.
But the tuna was overcooked and chewy.
It was served with "pice de gallo" which tasted more like unseasoned canned tomatoes to me.
There wasn't much flavor to the entire dish and the guacamole sauce was very pale green and tasted like the avocado had been stretched a bit too far.
I would not recommend unless you enjoy bland food.

Disclaimer: though my husband worked with the owner a few years back, at a casino, we were not given a freebie in any way/shape/form for our meal here.
So this review is the real deal (then again, all of mine are).
I just wanted to make this clear.
How did we find out about this place?
My husband ran into the owner while on a shopping trip- they worked together so they did some catching up.
My husband asked me to look it up, the menu sounded really good (and was reasonable), plus, a couple of the reviewers here (only 15) mentioned the Salmon Reuben, which I was eager to try.
So, a couple weeks later, we came for lunch; this was yesterday.
This used to be Gallo's (pizza & pasta)- I never actually went here, but the former company I worked for (which was around the corner), ordered food from this place on a regular basis.
We don't live in the area, so this a bit of a drive (located in the Target shopping center, on the corner of Cheyenne & Tenaya), but the 95 makes it a bit easier.
But the trip was well worth it.
The ambiance is very nice (this is what remains of Gallo's), kinda reminds me of Mimi's Cafe but not as kitschy, more on the elegant and tasteful side.
It almost feels like a bistro (minus the snooty wait service and the high prices).
The servers are dressed in white shirts and black pants.
Tino (the owner) sat with us for a bit, for a quick chat/visit.
I already knew what I was going to order.
The official name is Mr. & Mrs. Reuben- your choice of beef, chicken, or salmon.
My husband ordered the Cheyenne Pork Sandwich.
We also got a side of fries.
The water is filtered BTW (my husband tasted the difference).
The sandwiches came with a side salad with a vinaigrette dressing (wasn't listed in the menu).
My sandwich was so yummy.
Normally, when the sandwich falls apart, I get frustrated, but this was a different experience.
The salmon was a generous size, and it was flavorful and juicy (not dry at all, or overdone- hate when fish is overdone).
The marble rye was very good, and the sauerkraut was a decent amount as well.
This instantly became my favorite!
I am a huge reuben fan (but I don't get it as often as I would like) and this was the first of its kind, for me.
I didn't finish the bread part though, because it was a big sandwich- I finished the rest of the salmon (heck ya!).
Plus, I had the side salad (pretty good, actually, except the occasional bitter leaf) and the fries (served in a parchment-lined bowl, standing, and perfectly seasoned.
My husband let me have a bit of his sandwich and the pork was really full of flavor (I don't eat pork much).
The bill was around $23.00 for the both of us.
It seemed slow for a sunday afternoon, but they told us that typically July & August are the slowest  months.
There was another party besides us.
This is a Las Vegas gem- so I am calling on all my yelp'er friends out there to come to this restaurant and show your support (and write those reviews too).
There are appetizers, sandwiches, burgers, and entrees, as well as sides, and breakfast, too- it is described as a restaurant with fusion food featuring a Kenyan twist (the head chef- my compliments BTW).
Some of the names of the dishes feature streets in town like, Cheyenne, Tenaya, and Warm Springs.
Many of the items are under $10.00, maybe six items on the menu are over $10, but  under $20.00.
There are so many things on the menu that seem really delicious.
We're eager to try other things on our next visit.
My husband really wants to try the PB & J French Toast!!!
The website probably needs some updating.
The hours are listed as 9-9 daily, but it's really 11-9 mon-fri, listed on the takeout menu (order for pickup) and the front door.
Oh, I almost forgot- this restaurant was mentioned in the Las Vegas Review Journal and Seven magazine (the best of Las Vegas issue)- not bad for being open for 5 months.
Check out the link for the LVRJ:  http://www.lvrj.com/view/five-is-the-magic-number-for-new-summerlin-area-eatery-122489479.html  Long live Wine 5 Cafe!
I'm hoping to spread the word about this place.

I made 3 trips here.
The first having tried the Veggie Logs and Caesar salad.
The veggies was a new experience for me.
That's why I keep coming back.
The salad came in a nice presentation.
On my second trip I came for lunch.
Again I wanted to try something new so I opt for the Salmon Reuben.
The portion was huge.
I didn't expect to be full just from lunch.
So then on my third visit I just ordered the cheese omelet.
But of course I had to have the ahi tune taco to start with :).
Big mistake.
For an appetizer there was more tuna than tortilla.
IMO the the place has both quantity as well as quality.
I will always be coming back.
But the reason why 4 star is that for a place to carry 'wine' in its name I would have expected to hold a large selection of the drink.

My friends and I ate at this restaurant last night!
Wow, I cannot possibly describe how amazing this food was.
I had the most incredible chicken, so tender, so full of spices I have not had in any other food.
The wait staff was super upbeat and kept the food coming.
We met the chef, and owners, and fell in love with them too.
Their charm was so wonderful.
Try the salmon, and the ribeye.
Cannot go wrong with anything on the menu.

Fantastic food and friendly service!
I would recomend this as a must try location!
American delight with a twist!

Don't be afraid of Kenyan fussion like I was at first!!
This location is a wonderful find.
We were greeted pleasantly as soon as we walked in.
Our waitress, Jasmine, had a very good feel for describing their menu.
All American classics with a Kenyan twist.
I had the pork sandwich, and I thought it was one of the best I've ever eaten.
MY friend had a wedge salad, which was primarily fresh fruit (honeydew, cantelope, and watermelon) with a wedge of lettuce, and a yogurt cranberry dressing.
He said it was great-his daughters getting married next month and he needs to fit into the tux!!!!
I only wish the wine list had a more upscale offering.
Not more expensive, but perhaps a Stags Leap 2008 Merlot ($23.99 retail).
I must admit that I didn't have wine for lunch, so I'll be back to assess the situation more extensively.
Perhaps on a Friday and really examine!!
Lol A great little, quaint spot in a strip mall that offers different fare, for a decent price.
Bravo Tino, well done!!

I had the "Amped up!
" burger with a side of fries and it was soooo delicious!
My waitress was very nice and the atmosphere was very welcoming.
Loved it!
Went back the next night and had another wonderful me!
Im hooked!
Great price too.

This establishment replaced the sadly closed Gallo's Pizza, located near the Target at Tenaya and Cheyenne.
When the new owners took over the space of the former restaurant, they completely refitted the look from a pizza joint to an upscale, charming sidewalk-esque cafe with Americano food done pretty well.
The menu offers some really original and well put together dishes as well as boasting a breakfast original that won an award for "Best Breakfast Dish in Vegas" i.e.
the amazing Nick's French Toast special from Seven Magazine.
As far as the service goes, I went on a Tuesday early evening and was sadly the only one in the restaurant.
This wouldn't have bothered me so much if it wasn't plainly evident to the waiter that he was not making any money that day and he was kind of put out that all I ordered was a sandwich.
Oh, well.
His undetectable personality didn't ruin my meal.
That sandwich?
Best Club Sandwich I've ever had.
Cranberry chipotle mayo with Avocado?
Just great!
Said sandwich came with some tossed greens in a light dressing.
Unfortunately, there was a little too much dressing that soaked into my bread on my sandwich so that wasn't great.
Aside from that, the prices are good, the chefs in the back were taking a break as I walked by to wash my hands and were very friendly and chatty, and the decour is cute.
They have live jazz/performances now and then and I think it's a great local place to check out.

If you want to learn about someone observe what they bring to the table.
The food served will speak volumes about who they are, their family, their heritage, and their culture.
The owner, Grace, is the epitome of this experience.
Serving what she refers to as a fusion of American and Kenyan cuisine, the dining experience is a culinary eden.
It is a small, comfortable restaurant.
In particular, the "Kenyan Feast" (which must be reserved in advance) is something you must experience.
It is unfortunate, there is only a 5-Star rating  as I would give them 10-Stars..

You know, it makes me really sad when I wish and want a business to succeed and attempt to frequent it and just get... shot down.
Upon my third visit to Wine 5 Cafe, while sitting, waiting for the Tenaya Club sandwich, (which is just DELICIOUS), I realized that this venue isn't a place that made me feel welcome.
When I entered, two of the cooks were sitting at a table, eating dinner.
They flat out stared at me.
No smiles, no hello, no "Oh, would you like a table?
"  They stared at the guy in the T-shirt and jeans who wanted to stop in for a sandwich.
My unsmiling waitress offered me a booth, stated she was going to get me a glass of water and, upon me requesting iced tea, completely forgot about the water and just brought me the iced tea.
I requested a water as well sometime later.
I gave her my order for the sandwich, (Her reply: "Just the sandwich?
") and it was quiet for a bit.
They turned the lights on, started up the music, and I relaxed while my sandwich was prepared.
What made me happy was that obviously someone is reading reviews, because my salad that had the dressing run into my bread is now contained in a bowl.
Nice.
Waitress didn't check up on me until I was done.
When I said I was done, she took my dishes AND my drinks away!
No refills or anything?
Well.
I signed off my receipt and left.
Being that I was the only one in the entire restaurant, I would think that everyone - the cooks, the waitress - SOMEONE would try a little harder to be friendly, make me feel welcome.
But I felt like this was a place that was catering to a different clientele, let it be couples or families or seniors or whatever - something that I wasn't welcome to.
And I'm okay with that.
Because there are plenty of other places that will greet me with a smile who serve delicious sandwiches as well.

My husband & I eat here atleast 2 to 3 weekends a month.
We usally eat breakfast.
I have tried most breakfast dishes off the menu & my fav's are the Southwest Happy Huevos & the PJ French Toast - yummy!
All the wait staff that we have encountered has always been friendly & accomendating.
We have eaten dinner a few times.
We enjoy the Fried Southwest Eggroll appetizers & I love their Seared Salmon & the prices are very reasonable.

Last night I decided to go to Wine 5 Cafe for dinner and brought 3 other with me.
Having a gluten allergy makes it very hard to find places I can eat but this wasn't a problem there.
I ordered the Tuna medium rare which came out perfect.
Also it was huge!
Normally you get a tiny piece of tuna at most places, but this thing was big.
It also came with veggies which were to die for.
For a gluten free meal it was delicious and filled me up.
My fiancé ordered Tilapia, which again was no small meal.
He ate the whole thing, which says a lot for him because he is a picky eater.
I don't remember what my cousin ordered but I know she was very happy with her meal as well.
But the biggest person to please was my father, I don't know what the exact name of it was but it was a spicy seafood dish.
When it comes to food he can be a tough one to please.
All I know is he ate it all and loved it!!
He even wants to come back and try their breakfast.
We absolutely loved Wine 5 Cafe.
The food was phenomenal, affordable, flavorful, and filling.
Needless to say I will be a repeat customer.

I was very impressed with the menu pricing, atmosphere and overall the attentiveness we received during our visit.
This was my first time here and I decided to try the traditional Nyama and Ugali dish.
I must admit, I was a bit skeptical of it but was pleasantly surprised by the taste.
The Palenta has a similar taste to grits (bland) with cheese; make sure to mix the spinach sautée.
I can't wait to come back again.
I recommend this place.
Thank you to the owner/chef for coming to our table and asking about our order and how we enjoyed everything.

Great little place to eat with great food and kind service.
Treat yourself to a night out dinning here.

Yay!
I'm a fan!
4 1/2 stars.
I am so darn excited to share the joys of this tiny hidden treasure...,my fingertips are tingling!
We sought out a lunch venue in the NW area from a trusty source (yelp) and once again, we were not disappointed.
Apparently, the Wine 5 Cafe has been around for about 1 year.
It is painfully obvious that this location used to be a little Italian place.
It is very very cute and inviting but does nothing to support the Kenyan infused menu boasted by the Wine 5 Cafe.
That said, the food, service, and value are impeccable.
4 ladies tried 4 different items: The Salad, Chicken Salad, Ahi Tuna Tacos, and The House Special: Nairobi Fish Sandwich.
Everything was large, fresh, flavorful, and tasty.
Not one complaint.
We also saw a burger pass by our table...it looked excellent.
My fish sandwich had a chipotle mayo, lettuce, avocado and flaky, white, lightly battered fish.
It was served with a small mixed green salad.
It was delicious.
The ahi tuna tacos were roll em yourself street style tortillas with big chunks of medium ahi and a creamy avocado sauce.
The Salad had loads of chicken, shrimp, beets, corn, and loads of other stuff.
It was very impressive.
I'll go back and I'd recommend it to all.

Okay, this was miles better than any of my experiences I've had here.
To give a little background of "Jez, why did you go back to a place you don't care for?
"  One of the staff contacted me, apologizing profusely, and asked if I would re-evaluate the restaurant on a different day.
Due to the fact that I received a lengthy E-mail that was professional, polite, and written from the heart, I really couldn't say no.
So I dropped in one evening and informed them that I would be joining them for breakfast the next day.
Breakfast was a pleasure.
I had the award winning French Toast, a decadent meal of french toast stuffed with sliced bananas, nutella, covered with ice cream, strawberries, powdered sugar, and chocolate sauce.
Totally bomb.
Never having for breakfast again, as would have made a much better dessert, but wow, just delicious.
I ordered the Chai which was different from the traditional chai that I enjoy at Indian Restaurants - it's smoother and less spiced, which offset the sweetness of the entree.
My lovely partner had an omelet with perfectly seasoned potatoes and caramelized onions that were plentiful and well prepared.
As far as I'm concerned - this restaurant, as far as breakfast goes, should be a regular staple in the breakfast wars scene of Cracked Egg and Babystacks and all of those because they offer a mean breakfast at a great price and- out of all the servers I had, the girls who I met the previous night and the one who served me breakfast were sweet, smiling, and on the ball.
It was a pleasure to meet the owners - they stressed their attention to detail in that they read reviews and take them to heart - pointing out changes they've made based on the opinions here and how they broke apart from the casinos to strike out on their dream.
Good job, Wine 5 Cafe, I'm a fan again, and I'll be back again soon!

Great place to eat.
Excellent service and food.

No wonder this restaurant has wonderful reviews, the food was amazing ,kudos to the chef ,cheap ,good portion so tasty !!!
Worth the drive

A huge amount of food, well prepared.
I ate more polenta than I thought possible.
Worth coming back to try more.

Excellent food, and excellent service.
I have eaten here twice, and highly recommend this place.

This place will get 3 stars for now, based off of the food.
I will go back and try it again, and maybe I will revise this.
We went here for Sunday brunch.
They don't have too much of a selection for brunch and they stopped serving breakfast at 12.
We like to sleep in late on the weekends, but I like places that serve breakfast until later on the weekends.
So it was a bad choice for us.
We both love eggs benedict, so that's what we both ordered.
They only had one kind available, and it was sliced pork.
It was a little odd to me, and it was good, but different.
I'm usually very open minded when it comes to a lot of things.
My mother is Filipino, and they eat some really odd things.
So I've tried everything more than once before I usually make up my mind.
The sauce wasn't hollandaise sauce either.
I couldn't figure it out for the life of me what it was.
The other odd thing is they served carmalized onions ontop of some of the fruit which made it warm.
That was not very appealing to me.
I would like to try a couple of other breakfast dishes here again.
The place has a pretty good selection on the menu and it's a quiant little place.
The serve was good, but the waiter was a little too attentive.
Such as making a little too many odd remarks and checking up a little too often.
It was a little slow in there, but you shouldn't bother your customers too much when they don't seem needy.

After a year of seeing this business up and running near my home, my roommate and I decided to finally come here.
This is about 4.5 stars for now.
We went here late afternoon and it wasn't busy at all so we were seated right away and I ordered the curry and some fries.
They had a varied selection of sandwiches, burgers and whatnot so there was plenty to choose from  Don't let the prices fool you, they make sure you leave stuffed.
The curry I ordered was pretty good and the fries were spectacular.
I can't really describe the taste since I haven't been watching Food Network in over a year so I'll stick with "pretty good".
The atmosphere was pretty relaxed and calm, I quite enjoyed that.
I will be back here in the future to try more items.

Food, service, and price satisfactory.

Accomodated our 16 person party with ease.
I was truly impressed with the quality and portion size.
A real value for money.
I also think the waitstaff is spot on-- wasn't hovering like a comic book villain, but didn't ignore me either...not easy to do in a huge party.
Will be back the next time in the North Las V area.
WOOT

Great desrrts..  Good service.
Food is good.
Very nice decor.
The staff is very friendly.
Will go back next trip out.

Excellent food!
Chicken taco's were good.
The hickory loaded burger was good, the southwest chicken ciabatta sandwich was also good, but the best thing by far was the club sandwich with the red sauce - OMG!
Epic!

We have been to this place twice.
The first time was just shortly after they opened and they had a very limited and casual menu.
This Kenyan fusion thing was very strange.
We ordered a combination plate that had several different items on it, because we thought it would be fun to try things we hadn't eaten before.
After sampling each one, we decided we wouldn't be trying those things again, and probably wouldn't be coming back to this restaurant again.
We were there for dinner during the week and were the only ones in the place, which is scary to begin with.
I went again tonite with friends who had been there before, and said they enjoyed it.
So, I'm game, I'll try any place twice.
But after this experience, I will never go back again.
I know some people will gag when I say this, but I love liver and onions, and when I see it on the menu, I will order it.
The menu had quite expanded, and was much more upscale than the first time we visited, as were the prices.
Liver and onions was $19.95.
My friends had the pork chop the last time they were in, and they ordered it again.
Our waitress, who was the only waitsperson in the place while we were there, was incredibly incompetent.
I won't go into our complaints with her.
She was bad enough, tho, that I left no tip.
I have never done that in my life.
But I digress.
The plates of food were huge.
My friends said their pork chops were good, but neither ate the veggies (carrots, asparagus, green beans) because they said they were too raw (I wished I could have eaten them off their plates!
)  When I ordered the liver, I told the waitress that I wanted it medium, to tell the cook to please not overcook it.
When it arrived, it was buried in a huge pile of deep fried onion pieces, with a few pieces of asparagus on the side, and plain mashed potatoes.
A small dish of what appeared to be gravy with chopped carrots in it was on the plate.
I tasted the gravy and it was overwhelmed with vinegar.
When I finally got the waitress's attention, I asked for some other kind of gravy that wasn't so sour.
She brought out a bowl of what looked exactly like what I had, sans carrots, and in tasting it, it was exactly the same.
I pushed it out of the way, and someone from the kitchen came out and after talking to him, he brought out another bowl of "gravy" which was better, but still vinegary.
After digging through the deep fried onions, I got down to a thick piece of liver, cooked to death and all but inedible.
I ate the asparagus which was perfect, and a couple of bites of plain potato, and left the rest.
When the waitress finally came back to our table, she asked if I was still working on it, and I said I couldn't eat any of it, because it was awful.
She took it away.
My friends finished their dinners, and we waited at least 15-20mins for our check, finally calling out to the waitress and asking her for the bill.
She brought me my bill for $28+ ( I had a beer), and when she came to collect, I said she should be ashamed for charging me for that meal, especially since it was obvious nothing had been eaten.
She said "Why should I be ashamed", and took my credit card and rang it up.
My friends asked for coffee after our meal, and the waitress said she would have to make a new pot and it would take about 4-5 mins.
After waiting almost 15 mins, we left .
I should have called the manager or owner and complained to him, but I didn't.
I just decided it was lesson learned, and I would never go back.

For a place with wine in the name, their selection is woefully small.
The food isn't bad, but I'm not sure it's worth the price.
Service was alright but I did NOT appreciate them giving themselves an additional $5 tip on top of what I specified on the receipt.
Suffice it to say, a call to my credit card company was made.

Our first taste of Kenya and it was great!
We'll be back for more.
The sweet bread is amazing.
It's a charming little place w/ Kenyan chefs and polite & helpful waiters.
We were surprised there wasn't more people enjoying the restaurant and the only thing we could think was the name.
It doesn't advertise its ethnisity and I would guess a more fitting name would bring more folks in especially those like us who enjoy trying new cuisine.

Wine 5 cafe is by far the most interesting place to eat.
No matter what meal.
Breakfast is fantastic,lunch salads, sandwiches, dinner, the spicy shrimp is excellent.
Can be a formal affair or very casual.. Cooks come to your table to see if you are satisfied.
Prices are affordable, service is great and food is mouth watering good.
Can't say enough.
Have taken out of town guests here and everyone loved it.
Will keep going here.
It's a place for more.. Dan

Okay, I noticed them a loooong time ago, but thought "I don't really drink wine"... so I never went in or even looked at the menu on their window.
Today, I went for lunch to give it a try.
What was I thinking?
I should have gone in there a loooooong time ago!
Great, delicious food!
As a 'thermometer on the quality of food, we tried the "Chili Log Fries", aka Chili Fries.
I'm not even a chili lover... but I loved these!
Way better than a comparable establishment's 'Oxtail Chili Fries' (which were featured on Diners, Drive-ins & Dives).
I would HIGHLY recommend this cafe.
Very cute interior design... nice atmosphere... excellent food.
I'm going back to try breakfast!

In my quest for obscure, off-the-strip locations, along comes a recommendation from a former colleague to try out a no-name place by the name of Wine 5 Café.
He described it as a Kenyan/American fusion restaurant, and claimed an amazing burger and 'transcendent' chili fries.
It's a bit far from where I make my rounds these days, but a recent commitment brought me towards the north-west part of town and I finally made my visit.
Was it as good as he claimed?
Wine 5 is located in a crummy strip mall in not the best looking parking lot, but don't let the exterior fool you as it almost did us: the restaurant is clean and quaintly decorated.
There are a number of 4 top tables in the middle, and a few booths to the side that are decorated like they're on someone's front porch.
The rest of the walls around the restaurant look like the front facades of small houses as well, almost like a mini version of some themed casino you'd find on the strip, but more tolerable.
The menu has some great sounding items, it looks a bit heavy on the breakfast items but there seems to be lots of good choices.
I'll have to come back to try some of the Kenyan-influenced dishes, as I was there on this day to try one of their 'flat burgers'.
And flat this wasn't; my Jetpack burger came out and this thing was absolutely huge.
Topped with avocado, grilled sweet onions, spicy butter pickles, lettuce and tomato, this thing was stacked to the top of my knife it was presented with.
The bun was crispy and flakey on the outside, yet soft and gooey on the inside.
The meat had good flavor, although maybe not the best quality ever; it wasn't the best beef flavor, but more like your standard pre-made patty.
The onions had amazing sweet flavor and were the star of the burger.
The pickles were more like flavored cucumbers but totally delicious and something I need to emulate at home.
The avocado disappeared in the burger but was a good touch when I came across it in a few bites.
The tomato was slightly grilled but still hard and fresh; it seemed almost uncooked despite the grill marks, but was quite good.
This burger was not at all what I had been anticipating based on the location or menu description, but ended up being a fantastic surprise.
The fries came out very late as I believe they were forgotten at first, but were extremely good as well.
They were thicker like steak fries, coated with a combo of celery salt and other seasonings.
Like most steak fries a majority were crunchy and cooked well as I like, with a few soggy ones mixed in.
A side of fries is definitely enough for two, as they are served in a very large bowl.
My girlfriend had the Exception, which is a red wine and spiced braised burger, with cheddar cheese, grilled tomato slices, onions and lettuce.
It had very similar flavoring to mine; the additional treatment to the patty made for some nice complexity to the flavor, but I felt it was missing my excellent pickles.
Even though it is a bit out of the way from us, I can't wait to go back and try a few more of their selections, and I'm very curious to see what they do with their smoked bacon.
Their burgers range from $7.95-8.95, with the fries at $2.95 for a heaping serving, all very worth it.
We didn't get to try the chili fries during this visit either, but you can be I'll be back soon to try those as well.

wow!
this place is a real surprise.
I ordered a great salad that came with a tortilla with cheese  the waitress asked if I wanted chicken on the side I said sure.
I expected the usual grilled dry chicken breast, what came was a great tasting warm chicken dish with tomatoes and great african spices.
this place is in a margimal location and needs to work on marketing their menu better but what a find, definitely worth the trip .

I was really excited to try this restaurant because it is really close to my house.
I wanted it to be good, but...
I walked in the door at 630pm, and was not handed a menu for about 20 minutes.
At the time I was handed my menu, I ordered a glass of wine...AT A WINE BAR...and that took about 30 minutes.
I dine in large groups often.
And, it is not unusual for the service to be slower than usual.
However, this experience took slow to a new level!!
And, it is the reason I gave this review 2 stars instead of 4.
I ordered the ribeye which came with veggies, mashed potatoes, a unique sort of fried bread, and a cabernet sauce.
It was all delicious, but not hot.
I, also, ordered the Churro split.
It is basically a banana split creation with grilled pineapples, bananas, churros, whipped cream, and chocolate sauce.
It was beautiful, but everything was out of a can...the fruit, the whipped cream...nothing was made in house, and you could tell.
Overall, the food was good, not great.
I feel like the bulk of my issues were because I was in a group, and this restaurant was NOT prepared for it at all.
I might give this place another shot with just my husband and I to try to get a better feel for the place.
If I do, I will update this review.

Came early on a weeknight and immediately dug the intimate, friendly vibe of this place.
We were the only 2 people in the joint when we walked in, which was nearly full when we left.
The "Taste of Nairobi" chicken curry was like a soup - in a great way - with whole chicken pieces (2 drumsticks and a thigh) and fresh fall veggies (carrots, squash, green beans), and beautiful on the plate.
The huge bowl of curry was accompanied by a raft of chapati (African flat bread) and a side of deliciously-spiced greens.
The chef knows how to use spices here!
Each dish on our table was a unique, African flavor experience.
Decent little wine list, with many South African choices, and the waiter was generous with his pours (single glass for $8 was actually a carafe).
Very reasonable prices for food and wine of this quality - I'll be back!

The last thing I expected to be doing this morning was writing a yelp review....but....I was so moved by my dining experience last night that...here I am.
I actually do  consider myself a middle-aged foodie because I love to eat and since I've been doing it for so long I am very qualified in this area.
I've traveled the world and have eaten in some of the finest restaurants in Italy, Greece, Spain, Las Vegas and California's wine country.
Ok, enough about me.
My husband had heard a commercial on the radio for Wine 5 Cafe and came home, brought up the menu online and looked at me and said "it's not far from here, let's try it".
So, on an ordinary Tuesday evening we set out from our Northwest Vegas home and drove about 10 minutes to this quaint and friendly store-front.
I knew the strip mall and personally wasn't expecting much.
But "date-night" on a Tuesday sounded spontaneous.
The restaurant looked empty from outside and, again, I immediately thought this isn't good.
As we walked in we saw only one occupied table with about 7 other guests.
We were immediately greeted by our hostess/waitress who proceeded to ask us where we'd like to sit (table or booth) and she brought us to our booth.
The menu starts at breakfast continues through lunch and then dinner.
I immediately took in our surroundings which were quite quaint, simple and clean.
I took in the wait staff (our waitress) and I could also see into the kitchen.
From my point-of-view it seems like this is a mom n pop set up but I'm not sure.
I always like to try to support locally small businesses.
The menu explained that they are an American Kenyan infused restaurant and I was immediately intrigued.
I'll be honest, I only looked at the dinner entrees and when I saw catfish I knew that's what I wanted.
My husband ordered the rib-eye with mashed potatoes and veggies (asparagus, carrots and green beans).
My fried catfish fillets came with a choice of mashed potatoes or rice and a suprisingly terrific side of sauteed spinach that was absolutely delicious.
The portions were more then generous and my husbands med-rare steak was actually med-rare!
We love wine but as our son tells us....we're wine snobs.
I don't think so and can usually always find a wine to order.
I had a glass of a red blend of Bogle, again surprisingly good.
My husband had a cab but wasn't so thrilled.
I saw our waitress opening fresh bottles, also a good sign.
My husband devoured his steak and I delved into my plate of two catfish fillets, mashed potatoes, fried sweet-potatoe fries and a large serving of steamed spinach, along with a serving of tartar sauce.
I was in heaven, I loved the spinach and had a hard time moving on from that.
The waitress came by and asked if I'd like some home-made hot sauce and I said most definitely.
This is what I used gingerly with the fish and not the tartar sauce.
Don't get me wrong everything was seasoned perfectly but I never pass on hot sauce.
It was hot and a nice compliment to my fish.
I was only able to eat half of my plate but I insisted on taking every last bit home for my lunch today - can't wait!
Our waitress, who, by the way, was very friendly and extremely attentive.
She checked on us many times wanting to know what we thought of everything but wasn't at all annoying.
She asked if we were interested in seeing the dessert  menu and, after reading a review of the restaurant that happened to be right about our booth, we said sure, bring it on.
I eat almost anything and everything so I deferred to my husband to decide on a shareable dessert.
I had already seen what I wanted, a nutella dessert which luckily the waitress recommended and we decided to splurg on.
WOW, so delicious, so perfectly sweet and yet not too sweet.
It was a sugared french toast with nutella and sliced bananas in-between, 4 small dollops of vanilla ice cream on top with a few slices of fresh strawberry.
This was the perfect end to a near-perfect dinner.
I'm hoping that this small establishment, that's been there for about a year and a half, is busier on the weekends then our quiet Tuesday evening.
They are a small gem in an area of Las Vegas (northwest) that truly needs one!
My husband and I joke all the time that since we've moved here from CA about 3 years ago that we don't have "go-to" restaurant, you know a place that no matter what your mood or what time of day you know you can go there and get a good meal at a reasonable price (an they are priced reasonably!).
Well, we both said to each other as we were leaving....maybe this is the go-to restaurant that we've been searching for.
We will be back and we will bring friends and family Please give them a try too, you'll be pleasantly satisfied!
P.S.
the whole menu is extremely reasonably priced, another great surprise!

I was there for a Xmas party and I thought the food was very interesting.
The wait staff is amazing.
Very knowledgable and attention.
The Fusion works.
The band?!
If I had told somebody I would be rocking to Frank Sanatra and eating Kenyan/American food I would've laughed at it, but it works.
Somehow.
Lots of classy people there.
Singing eating and great atmosphere.
I will try to russle up a date and go back.

I'm so full!
And yes, it's the following day.
Coming in to last night's dinner, I was looking forward to trying their curry.
I pretty much love curry of all kinds and with a name like "The Taste of Nairobi," how could you not be intrigued?
But Jieun wanted to try the curry, so I let her order that and I looked for something else that sounded interesting.
I had settled on the "Traditional Nayama and Ugali" since it was something I had never even heard of before.
But then Sun ended up ordering that.
Long story short, the waiter recommended the "Nairobi Pork Chops" and that's what I went with.
Holy crap did we end up with a ton of food on the table.
Absolutely everything was delicious.
The curry was curry--nothing too amazing--but it was delicious all the same.
Being a complete fatty, I love how it comes with bone-in dark chicken meat.
Sun's Nayama and Ugali had an interesting flavor and I would have been very satisfied if that was the dish in front of me.
But I think I might have to go with the pork chops as being my favorite of the three.
The pork was tender and juicy and everything that surrounded it (veggies, mashed potatoes, gravy, greens, and garlic mini bread thingy) just combined to deliver an extremely satisfying and comforting experience.
Best of all, my dish was the cheapest of the trio.
Next time, in the interest of preventing me from getting even fatter, I think we will split an entrée and perhaps try an appetizer.
Seriously, the portions are humongous.
I suppose the entrées at Wine 5 are perfect for taking home leftovers.
The thing is, I'm never good at portion control when the food is this outstanding.
p.s.
Check in on Yelp and get a complimentary glass of house wine (or a fountain beverage).

Huge portions for a great price.
Two people can probably share a meal and be satisfied.
The Taste of Nairobi was delicious as well as their Nairobi tacos.
Now, this was my first exposure to this type of food, so I can I speak to its authenticity.
However, the flavor and value was certainly there.

It's a small restaurant, but it makes you feel adventurous and at home simultaneously.
I loved the Sweet Goblet and the nayama and ugali entree.
I would definitely recommend this to anyone wanting to try something new!
I'm going back soon to try their breakfast menu :)

Large portions so bring an appetite.
Grt South African wines.
Window in to the kitchen to watch the chefs work.
Very friendly wait staff.
Everything about this place was done well and the prices were very reasonable for the quality of the food.

First time there.
Our waitress Vinci was knowledgeable & fun.
The food was amazing but huge portions, suggest sharing.
Definitely get the samosas.
Nice organic wine selection.

This is a hidden gem!
It is in a strip center, but once you are inside, you forget that.
It is quaint, cozy and clean!
The food is fresh, fresh, fresh!
The portions are so generous and the flavors are like nothing you have ever tried.
The mixed grill has full portions of four different meats, the burgers are masterpieces and the appetizers...amazing....even the coffee is excellent!
They have had entertainment every time I have been there.
You will not be disappointed in this superb restaurant!

I saw this cute little spot tucked in the target parking lot one day and I knew I had to try it.
My sister and I gave it a try today and LOVED it!
The staff was amazing and the food was wonderful!
I would Definitely go back.

OH WINE 5 how  i love thee?!
aw man this place is incredible!!
seriously, one of my favorite new places in las vegas, I mean listen to the waitress she knows what she is talking about.
I will leave with one simple word SAMOSAS!!!!!!!!!!!

Really was looking forward to something different and wonderful based on all the reviews....
I was incredibly disappointed!
The service was horrible.
Understaffed, no knowledge of the menu, didn't check back with us, etc...
The food - was mediocre at best.
Everything tasted the same.
My steak was almost mooing when I ordered it medium, but since the server never came back to check on me, I couldn't tell her...   Definitely disappointed to say the least!!

Interesting breakfast with a flair from Kenya.
The great burrito is my daughter's favorite.
The smell of the waffles is wonderful but its arrival prove otherwise.
Try the Kenyan ginger tea!
Slow service with each meal prepared fresh for the customer.

This little gem has tasty food and a great wine list.
The inside looks like a little town or something, it is very unique.
Kids are okay to bring...a great place to take them to get a good meal.
I had the pork in brown gravy, my wife had the steak platter.
The portions are generous and the taste is memorable.
So, the churro sundae for desert gave me sweet memories.
I would go back just to have that.

this place is a true gem  kenyan fusion soul food the breakfasts are so affordable and amazingly delicious

Excellent food.
My aunt and I had breakfast.
The Eggs were custardy soft and flavorful.
My mother had the lamb chops and ate every last bite.
We plan on returning with more family and friends.
I still haven't found a favorite dish here, but my Aunt insists on giving the restaurant 5 stars.

Went here based on yelp reviews.
I had the liver (okay not most people's favorite, I like it).
It was marvelous!
The seasoning and vegetables were the best I've ever had.
My wife had the soup, salad, sandwich and said it was wonderful.
The desert was also great.
We had wonderful live entertainment as well.
The service was great - just right.
We'll be back.

Amazing food, you must try this place.
We had a plate with all types of meats, seems to be the type of place that anything they make you will be happy with.
Greatly recommended.

Absolutely our favorite breakfast place!
Farmers Splendid special is the best.
Everything we have had has been excellent..

We just finished breakfast and WOW!
I highly encourage everyone to get out of their "breakfast rut" of bacon and eggs everyday (I know I was in one) and try some of their specialty breakfasts such as the farmers splendid and the southwest mayai!!
Both were breakfast dishes with an ethnic twist.
Breakfast here has motivated me to come back for lunch and dinner!!

This little, unassuming hole-in-the-wall joint is delicious, comfy, and affordable.
The menu offers mostly American food, with some Kenyan inspiration.
I was hoping for straight up Kenyan fare when I came.
And while there are only a few Kenyan dishes, none of the food letdown.
The club sandwich (as much of a "club sandwich" as this place is a "wine cafe") has been ordered by someone in our group on both of my visits and has been the standout each time.
Usually, a club sandwich being the choice order in a restaurant would be a signal of a lesser restaurant, but this is not the case here.
The club is a phenom - the Yasiel Puig of sandwiches.
The Kenyan dishes are tasty as well, as well as an interesting change of pace.
Now back to that name.
Sure Wine 5 Cafe has wine, but it is a little misleading.
It would be like calling McDonalds: Soda Pop 11 Eatery.
This is a laid-back, no-frills restaurant.
The decor looks handmade, and that is part of its charm.
Wine 5 feels like a family-owned restaurant opened by people (or person?
) who really want you to enjoy some great food, while maybe sitting back and consuming a glass of their eponymous juice.

Thought Kenyan food would be very different.
Came by for a late lunch on a random day after consulting Yelp for a place to go.
I would really say 3.5 stars but the server was very nice so it will be bumped to 4 stars.
A quiet afternoon.
Started with the log fries.
Wow!
The portion was huge!
And the potatoes were crispy and loaded.
Delicious.
And for my main dish, I got a sandwich, which was also a very large portion but nothing outstanding about it.
And the bf got a burger.
Good food, but seemed pretty American style, didn't see the Kenyan influence to it.
Didn't enjoy any wine though, and I guess that is why I don't see the rave about this place.
Got the Churro thingy for dessert.
Yum.
Love churro and the mix of the fruits and ice cream with it was a good finish to the meal.
Great little place with good service.

We ordered chili cheese fries, chicken tacos (loved), and chicken salad po boy sandwich.
All of it was fabulous!!!
Gave them 4 stars not 5 only because the wine wasn't fresh, definitely a day or two old, and the name of the place is Wine 5 Cafe.
Wine should be on the top of their priority.
Food was excellent.
Fresh, good quality and flavor.
Worth checking out!

Don't let the location (inside a strip mall) or the name fool you, this place was perfection.
Granted, the name does not inspire thoughts of yummy food made from scratch & honestly, the name of this place isn't doing it any favors.
I made a reservation for 6 for dinner last night.
I started with the Iceberg Array salad ( large enough for lunch alone).
It was a yummy salad with sweet potatoes, grilled shrimp, corn, black beans, peanut chicken, tossed in a light creamy dressing, with shredded beets on top.
So good and refreshing.
For dinner, I kept it simple with the pork sandwich, stuffed with bits of roasted pork, bacon, caramelized onions, and sweet pickles.
Again, really good.
Everyone in my party loved what they had.
Not a complaint to be found here.
Very reasonable prices, lovely decor, friendly and prompt wait staff.
The portions are very generous and full of flavor.
I wish I lived in Vegas, just to come back here again!
Dessert was amazing as well, I highly recommend the Chruuo Split, with churros, grilled pineapple, banana, strawberries, vanilla ice cream and pecans, maybe one of the best desserts I've had the pleasure to enjoy.
We also ordered the Strawberry Shortcake for four (picture posted), which was heavenly.
Please go here and give these lovely people your business, it is unique, yummy and blew me away.

What a wonderful  hidden gem.
The food is amazing here, so fresh and expertly prepared and beautifully presented.
The Kenyans bring pita bread to a whole new level.
We had the Iceberg Array Salad and the Mixed Grill..delicious.
Someone had the Pork sandwich with bacon,caramelized onions and bread and butter pickles...so good.
You have to get the Churro Split.. One of the best desserts I have ever eaten.
Our server was so lovely and knowledgeable.
A very special dining experience.
I highly recommend.

Oh.
My.
I've been wanting to try this place for a while, but couldn't sell the spousal unit on African fusion food.
Finally I sold it as a new sandwich place (I felt bad at first) and we were both glad we came here!
We called ahead and reserved a booth (easier to corral the wee one than at a table) and it was waiting for us when we got there.
It is nicely decorated and cozy; you can almost forget it's in a strip mall.
We had the samosa appetizer (the hubs was skeptical, but it was delicious!
), W5C Mixed Grill (which was a sampler of pork, beef, salmon, and shrimp with some awesome veggies and rice), and the Taste of Nairobi (like a whole chicken... maybe half in super yummy curry and chapati--a tortilla-like bread).
You can pick how intense you want the spice level (we opted for medium, which was yummy  but we might go for a little spicier next time).
The portions are large, we ended up taking a lot of food home.
Also, the menu accomodates picky eaters with more traditional American dishes and there is a kid's menu.
There is something for everyone here!
Our waitress was so friendly and made some really great recommendations.
And don't forget, they offer a free glass of wine with a Yelp check-in!

Very glad we found this place!
Nice range of meals in our group we had: your std eggs and bacon, heart healthy option with oatmeal and egg whites, the waffle with eggs and bacon and the Nairobi farmers special.
All were delicious and good sized portions.
Friendly service.

Very, very good breakfast!
I had the Chef's omelet and it was awesome!
It was so much food I had to take some home.
Friendly staff and efficient service.

What a fantastic start of an evening for my wife's birthday!
This place is located at a shopping center with huge parking.
As soon as you step inside, you would think you are in a restaurant somewhere in a city of Europe.
The interior decor is absolutely stunning.
The tables are close to each other ( I mean this in a good way.
), there is a brick wall with window near the kitchen, booth seats are private and comfy, and the walls are decorated with such a detail that you would think you are in Italy or something.
The food took about 45 minutes to come out,   we ordered seafood pasta and seared salmon.
The presentation is gorgeous with perfect portions.
Our seafood pasta seemed like it had more seafood than the pasta, and the best tasting salmon I ever had.
Basically this place is 5 star restaurant quality and service for $$ price.
Complimentary strawberry shortcake for my wife's birthday was very well appreciated and along with the birthday song.
The smile on my wife's face was priceless and that makes me a happy man.

Can't say enough good things about this place.
Mellow atmosphere, interesting and exciting choices, knowledgeable waitstaff, and fabulously executed food.
I left the table feeling satisfied, cared for, and respected as a diner.
It's shocking how many restaurants in this town manage to miss the mark.
Not this one!
The care and thought that went into the dishes was quite obvious.
We'll be back!

The food is good, but the times we've been here and had questions, the servers have never known how to explain items on the menu or even what's in it.
When we ask, 'How would you explain Kenyan food?
' Our waiter responded, 'Uhhh...it's similar to American food.
' When we asked, 'What is Menudo,' he just froze up like a deer in headlights until one of us looked it up and said, 'I think that's stomach.
'  The servers are nice and the atmosphere is quiet and intimate.
Unfortunately, they just don't train their staff well enought to know their product.

Don't judge a book by its cover!
My husband and I dined at Wine 5 Cafe after finding it using a Yelp search.
I have to admit that  I was dubious as we pulled up, given that the restaurant is located in a strip mall and the restaurant was quite empty.
But I'm glad we stayed as this place is a true treasure (and one that we will visit again --very soon).
The inside decor is quite cute and has the feel of a French bistro.
The waiter was very attentive but not intrusive.
I had the curry (Taste of Nairobi), which came with a very generous portion of chapati bread and a side of  spinach stew (sauteed spinach with onions).
The curry was light (very little coconut milk, if any) and contained three huge pieces of chicken, potatoes, fresh green beans, carrots, and squash.
The portion size was generous and I took more than half of the curry home.
My husband had the Traditional Nayama and Ugali (Tender Braised Beef, White Polenta, Spinach Stew, Onion Jam, and Sweet Potato Logs).
The beef was tender and well seasoned, cooked to perfection.
The spinach stew was great, seasoned with big chunks of onion).
The sweet potato logs were fresh, well seasoned, and crisp, without being greasy or heavy.
The onion jam (which I had never before tasted) was amazing.
The polenta was bland.
But the waiter quickly informed us that you're supposed to mix everything together.
Again, I was dubious, but it worked and the end result was amazing.
Also, my husband likes a lot of spice.
While the restaurant does not have hot sauce, the chef prepared homemade hot sauce for my husband, which he added to his food.
The only recommendation I have is that if you want some of the traditional Kenya dishes, such as goat or oxtail, you should dine early.
My husband initially asked for goat, but he was told they were out.
Again, a wonderful place- amazing food, generous portions, great ambiance, good service.

I went to dinner last night for my birthday with my husband, son and granddaughter.
I wanted to try something different so we went to Wine 5 Cafe on Tenaya & Cheyenne.
I had the Nairobi Pork Chops with Red Onion and Royco Gravy.
DELICIOUS!!
I even ate the cooked spinach.
I have never liked cooked spinach!!
The portions are good size.
For my birthday, they served a complimentary strawberry shortcake dessert and sang Happy Birthday in Swahili!
It was beautiful.
I will be eating there again.
Next time, I hope my mom and brothers will be able to join us!

My last review of Wine 5 Cafe was for a restaurant that had the same name, but a different menu and vibe of today's.
Gone is the Italian guy and the continental menu, and in is the African touch.
Though we liked it then, we hadn't been back; we returned this time after reading a glowing review of the place in our Zip Code magazine and checking the latest Yelp star rating.
And it didn't disappoint!
We were dismayed to walk in at about 7:30 pm on a Tuesday and find that we were the only ones there.
I felt bad using our Yelp check-in offers of a glass of wine.
Well, apparently not bad enough :).
Service by our waiter, Robert, was excellent and efficient.
We shared the samosa appetizer - two giant samosas with cups of red hot sauce for spicing it up.
Delicious, though not the absolutely best I've ever had.
We also shared the Nayama and Ugali main course and loved it, though I'm still incredulous that the sweet potato logs were really sweet potatoes and not yucca.
I like yucca more than sweet potatoes, so they were great.
Lots of polenta, slightly chewy but flavorful beef, and a wonderful spinach stew that could have used a lighter hand with the salt rounded out this balanced and colorful dish.
With its pretty and eclectic decor, this is a lovely, refined space that's not usually found in strip malls in the nabes, and the prices are more in keeping with what locals expect away from the Strip, i.e., reasonable!
I sure hope our dining à deux experience was an aberration, because Wine5 Cafe deserves to be full every night, even on Tuesdays.

I was excited to try this cute little place.
The entrees took so long to arrive, and when they did it was a bit sad.
My meat was so dry and the pasta my better half ordered was just hard to describe.
There weren't many there when we were there, so I'm not quite sure what took so long.
It just wasn't very appetizing.
Bummed.

Came in for a birthday dinner on a Sunday evening.
We had wonderful food and the service was great.
Would highly recommend and will be returning sometime soon.

Our order was taken 16 min after being seated.
Our food arrived 26 min after ordering.
The eggs look like they were cooked on a dirty grill.
Our server had no idea which orders went to which table.
There was one other employee ordering the one server around and not really helping so we couldn't blame our server.
My medium well steak was medium rare.
Pretty much everything that can go wrong with the restaurant went wrong.

The Samosas were excellent!
Great food, big portions you won't go hungry!
Inexpensive prices.

Everyone must try this place at least once.
It was one of the most unique, tasty, and interesting dinners we have had.
Believe the other reviewers; the samosa appetizer is PHENOMENAL!
I could have made a meal of them.
We were a party of 4, so asked to dine family style-waiter agreed that was a good idea.
Our 4 entrees could have fed 8!
Best was the Traditional Nayama and Ugali.
A wonderfully seasoned 'chicken stew' traditional in Kenya.
Excellent balance of spice and sweet with a wonderful mix of flavors.
Two dishes came with spinach - one of our group called the spinach 'green crack.
' I found it too salty however, and I love spinach.
Taste of Nairobi is also a must order; no leftovers for that dish.
Other 2 dishes were surprisingly unique in flavor - pork chop and (spicy) grilled shrimp.
Everything had an excellent and unique sweet/spicy flavor a la Kenyan spices.
Available wines paired well with the dishes.
Nothing seemed overpriced.
The owner/chef even visited our table, perhaps because we were there until 10:30 (they closed at 9).
We will be going back to this hidden gem!
We were there on a Thursday and the place was empty, what is wrong with you people!

My review is based on an experience with what has to be the worst service I have ever received.
I am honestly not sure if the server was on medication or not, because her attitude and overall demeanor could not have been natural.
The menu is not particularly descriptive, so I asked our server if an omelet meal had any meat in it.
She wandered over to the host stand to procure her own menu, read the item, and said "it doesn't say.
" I asked if she could confirm with the chef when placing the order - if it did, I would pick something else off the menu.
She goes back and we don't see her for another 30 minutes, so I figure the meal was meat free.
Our food shows up, and 3 of the 4 things on my plate have meat in them, which I discovered upon taking my first bite.
I call her over and ask what happened, as we had talked about this very issue, and her response was "oh, I didn't realize you didn't want meat.
"  Normally, I am not super aggressive and I generally let things slide, but this was such a complete lie that I pressed on.
I asked if she really didn't remember me asking if there was meat, her walking over to read a menu, having a discussion, and actual next steps with regards to kitchen communication.
She just stood there and shrugged.
I try not to be an annoying diner, and I'm not exceptionally picky.
I just don't eat meat - I was clear about that, I think we had communicated that, and somehow, she just didn't give an eff about providing good service.
I don't like to speculate, but I honestly think she might have been high, for all the awareness she had.
She grabbed my plate and wandered back off to the kitchen without really saying anything, while my dining companion was left watching his breakfast get cold.
At this point, we had been sitting there for over 40 minutes.
A little while later, she brings out the same meal - omelet now sans bacon, but two of the three additional components removed, as apparently those had meat in them as well.
But still charged full price for the entire meal, despite not receiving most of it.
Honestly, at that point I just didn't care.
We had noticed the manager of the place asked if she should come talk to us - apparently we didn't rank, as no one else ever did.
Since we knew we'd never be back, it didn't seem worth escalating the piss poor service, especially if it was clear people were aware of it and took no action.
We scarfed down what we could and left.
All in all the food wasn't bad, but the lack of service and communication just made the entire experience miserable.
This happened in mid-summer 2013, and I'm still annoyed enough about it to post a review now.
What would have been a fantastic go-to place around the corner from home became an annoyance every time we drove past.
Zero stars if I could, and I hope that lady doesn't work there anymore.

So it was ethnic cleansing day at work, a day where we can venture off and try something novel and diverse.
First on the list was proposed by the resident foodie queen at HQ, and I must say, she knows her spots.
It is abnormally windy and gloomy in LV today, so what better way to brighten things up than some Kenyan grinds?!?
Upon entry, the waitress explained to is that it would be an abnormally long wait, which was concerning considering I had prior engagements.
We were later told that much of the staff called in sick and the long wait was primarily due to the party of 20+ heads that got there right before us.
not a good sign since I was sort of in a rush.
The ambiance was kinda bizarre.
I wasn't quite sure what to make of it.
The only thing that I could attribute to the African culture was the quirky little aardvark utensil holders, otherwise, it was a word mixture of accents that reminded me more of an small town style American restaurant.
There were even encased decisions resembling a window where those inside appeared to be looking in a saloon of some sort, idk, like I said it was weird.
Not too mention all the art was of white people...no offense, but white peeps from 1920 Europe or something.
Things that make you go hmmm.
On another note, the kitchen on the other hand was open and put the meal preparations on full display.
You could see how each meal was whipped up right before your eyes.
The wait was not nearly as long as the waitress initially stated.
I got the Samosa that tasted kinda line Filipino relleno in an empanada, not bad, especially for an appetizer.
My buddy got the amped burger, another got the the omelet sandwich and another with the ginormous chili cheese fries.
Everything was amazing, but far from Kenyan...unless you count my thoughts of running a cross country marathon after having consumed all the rich foods here.
Still worth a try, you won't be disappointed.

Really quite special.
A great neighborhood restaurant with a unique twist of the culinary delights of Africa.
Something different, great quality, reasonably priced, nice staff.
We will be back.

Just love this restaurant.
The café, staff and food are all outstanding.
This is the place for breakfast in the North.
They do it right here.
I can't wait to try lunch and dinner.
Keep up the great work.

I love this place so much!
Definitely a hidden gem.
Had never tried Kenyan food before and was feeling adventurous so I gave it a shot and I loved it.
I ended up bringing my sister for her birthday and she loved it just as much.
Great service and very reasonably priced considering the portions are rather large.
Can't wait to come back.

Awesome service.
Taste of Nairobi is one of the best meals I've ever had.
It's a must-have!
I am confused though that a place called Wine 5 Cafe serves African food... who would ever know that upon first impression?

Slightly above average.
Not as many authentic menu items as I thought there would be.
The menu description would be better classified as American or American southern.
The decor was very nice and staff was super courteous.
The food was good but nothing super exceptional, however, the strawberry shortcake is the only thing to bump this from 3 stars to 4.

The food here is AMAZING!!!
The portions are huge, the service is great and everything is carefully prepared, not thrown together like some other places.
I've been here quite a few times in the past year and even had my birthday brunch here a couple months ago.
It's a small quaint restaurant tucked into the Target plaza.
They have great customer service and a large variety of American and Kenyan infused dishes.
I'm a huge fan and I'm always bringing my friends and family here and they never disappoint.
I highly recommend it to everyone!
Great food, great prices and nice people!
What more do you need !!

Came here based on Yelp, and we were the only ones there on a friday night.
The food was delicious, and the service was on point.
I had a glass of Moscato, and the Amped Burger, amazing.
My wife had the alfredo and she loved it.
The veggies that came with my burger were truly fantastic.
We had a great time.

Please don't let the location turn you away.
Wine 5 is one of the finer restaurants in Las Vegas.
The food is amazing And the portions are generous.
We have only been there for dinner, but can highly recommend the Taste of Nairobi, the pork chops, and the Kenyan meat extravaganza (sorry - forgot the name of it.
) Such a great variety and the food is gourmet with a beautiful presentation and a fair price.
The decor is very cute and the service is excellent and leisurely.
I cannot say enough good things about Wine 5.
They aren't usually busy, which is too bad.
It certainly isn't a reflection on the restaurant or the food or service.
I think the name is confusing because it doesn't mention Kenyan food or fine dining.
Try it and you'll keep coming back.

We looked for a nice (new) restaurant for dinner.
there are a lot of hits and misses when trying to find a new place.
So I fund this one on yelp and it is definitely a hit.
The atmosphere was nice inside and the service was very good.
We came for dinner and the place was almost empty.Their menu is a little hard to understand but the waiter offered to explain it to us.
I had the Nairobi pork chops and my wife had the Philly cheese stake sandwich.
Both dishes were delicious and big portions.
The pork chops prepared with authentic flavors.
We definitely will go back there and may bring company with us.

Rich, our server was very friendly and inviting.
The food has a wonderful exotic taste and I can't wait to try their breakfast!

FYI, the prices listed on the menu linked to this profile are lower than what is on the menu at the restaurant.
The burgers average about .50 and higher.
The hickory loaded for example is really 9.79.
Otherwise great food.

Normally our family is extremely mainstream when it comes to eating, so when they suggested we try their new favorite local restaurant serving Kenyan food, i was shocked!
Went here on Saturday night about 8:30, there was no one else there, so no waiting!
Party of 5, two had burgers, one steak sandwich, one Cojita salad, and one appetizer that was 2 triangles filled with beef and vegetables, fried.
I have to say each of our dishes were excellent!
I can't remember all the names because of the Kenyan titles, but nobody was disappointed whatsoever.
The menu choices are a blend of Kenyan dishes, but also includes their twist on Traditional American faire like burgers, sandwiches, salads, etc.
there are a couple vegetarian choices.
The waiter was super attentive and very friendly.
The ambience was very cute, and traditionally decorated with Kenyan/African style knick knacks.
The only criticism I might add was that it was quite dark, but it sure felt cozy.
I strongly recommend this small, local restaurant.
The food we tried competes with any of the chic places downtown or on the strip, is a great price, and a true hidden gem!

Just from walking into this place, you can already tell you're gonna be fat and happy at the end of this fiesta.
We got lucky and found this place as we were driving through Las Vegas.
Wish I lived here now.
Never had such gourmet food for this kind of pricing.
It's all incredible.
The food has an average wait time, and the place is pretty cozy.
Don't worry about what to order, it all comes from incredible chefs that know how to cook food.

Passing thru Las Vegas and spending the nite, we tried the Wine 5 Cafe for dinner and it was so good on all counts we came back for lunch before leaving the next day.
Everything is done and serves beautifully, from the Kenyan chicken curry with chapati to the smoked turkey sandwich with cranberry mayo.
Wines are also decent.
Service good.
You can't go wrong with this wonderful fusion food!

Visiting from out of town and went to this place.
Menu is crazy diverse.
We are vegetarian and although the menu doesn't look vegetarian friendly, they adapted meals for us.
We got the chicken Alfredo without meat.
It has a tomato cream sauce that was very filling.
Excellent service.
The house wine was amazing.

