I had a sprinkler system that was 15+ years old that was requiring fixes way too often.
Josh came out and gave an honest appraisal and took his time and detailed out many options of how we could proceed.
We opted to replace the entire system with PVC versus the poly drip system that was there.
They also replaced the valves, filter, drip system pressure regulator, and timer.
They came out first thing in the morning and replaced everything by early afternoon.
The system came with a five year warranty for all parts installed against improper installation and faulty operation.
Josh and crew were professional, did what they claimed and price didn't change at completion of job.
As no one is perfect the only criticism I have is that a couple rocks ended up in the pool and they were a few minutes late to start.
But really I couldn't ask for more.
Great job Josh!

After my landscaping company had several failed attempts at various irrigation services that I needed, I called Pro Irrigation Services to fix the mistakes previously made and make some overall improvements to my system.
Pro Irrigation Services were expedient, professional and went the extra mile to deliver a system overhaul and repairs.
Not only that, they charged me much less than what my landscaping company wanted to charge.
I feel I got a better service, a better product and a new partner in the process.

Great service.
My old system was falling apart and the estimator was very honest with me about the problems that would come from trying to patch it back together.
The replacement system was priced right and installed quickly.
They did a very neat job, with great detail on tucking the drip lines under rocks and in the plants.
Note that they do accept credit cards but only up to $1500.
They were good about taking an electronic payment from my bank.
(They also take checks, but who uses those???
)  I definitely will recommend them in the future.

After dealing with 3 other companies that claimed they specialized in water softeners,  not one was able to identify why my clothes were scratchy or why the salty water was set up to drain into the side of the yard.
Fortunately, I found Pro Irrigation Services.
Their representative Tom Moss came out and identified both issues within the first 5 minutes.
Tom was surprised that no one else had identified the pipe in the garage wall that led to the drain in the laundry room and out into the sewer pipes.
Although others had tested my water, Tom was the only one that knew what setting the system needed to make my clothes soft without using any fabric softener.
He returned a day later with the appropriate supplies and copper piping and re-piped the system  so the salty water went into the garage wall and came out into the laundry room.
Not only did Tom do a great job with the piping, he trained me on what he was doing so I could maintain it on my own going forward.
My husband and I both give his work an A+.
Our next project with Pro Irrigation Services is to have them add another irrigation line that is dedicated to our garden.
Stay tuned for another review!

Great service.
Tyler was very knowledgeable and fixed our drip system quickly and for less money than I thought it would be.
I highly recommend them.

These guys used plumbing pipe (schedule 40 they said) to run the sprinkler system feeds underground.
I had originally contacted Arizona Landscape Group, but they had neither insurance, nor a proper license to do the job.
Lic.
req.
with jobs over $999 in full cost.
NOT ONLY THAT, PRO WAS $200 LESS FOR A BETTER SYSTEM & DID IT IN HALF THE TIME!
The other guys had proposed the crummy blue strip Toro underground mains which, now, after 13 years were springing like a leak a day.
I had 6 leaks in the old system.
The other outfit said 2 days, Pro did this in one day and you'd never know they were here.
They showed up right at 7AM just as they said they would, and they did everything we asked for.
Those 2 things are what I did in my years as a business phone inst.
& svc co., you could not ask for better!
Altho the timer box was goofed up a bit, I reset it and we are very, very pleased with what Pro did.
Thank you.

excellent service!!
i would not hesitate to recomend to anyone anytime.

My mother has had 2 service calls on a 20 year irrigation system.
Jose and his brother were on the first service call and they were very knowledgeable and worked quickly to do the best job to  reroute the main line around a root that caused a broken main line.
The second call was a leak due to a loose connection and tyler came out to fix it.
All 3 men were courteous and very polite.
They worked diligently to do the best job.
I would highly recommend them to my friends.
The charges were very reasonable.

Couldn't be happier with the job Jose did in my backyard installing 2 zones (sprinklers and drip).
He and his partner worked very hard and did the job right the first time.
Very professional and very well priced.
Highly recommend.

I called Pro Irrigation to check out a busted sprinkler head on a home we are renting.
Tom showed up and was so informative, friendly and professional.
He told my husband how to fix the sprinkler head instead of charging an arm and a leg, since it was such an easy fix.
will definitely be calling for any problem I may have in the future.
I would highly recommend this company.
If I could give ten stars I would.
You cant find a company like this these days!

After having numerous companies review the issues I was having with the irrigation system that came with the house I purchased over 4 years ago, I finally found Pro Irrigation Services.
The other companies simply wanted to band-aid my existing system which was completely defective and inefficient.
It made more sense to me to abandon the old and start over with a new system.
And that's exactly what Tyler recommended.
It was music to my ears.
I personally thought having two separate systems (one for the back yard and one for the front yard) made sense for a yard of .67 acres.
Again, Tyler recommended that right off the bat.
I didn't tell him what I wanted, I just listened to what he thought would be best.
And, FINALLY, after 4 years of searching, I found a company that would do a lot more than a half-ass job trying to repair a broken system for the same price.
We abandoned the ridiculously inadequate system and started fresh!
A new irrigation system was installed in my back yard for my back yard.
Tyler even made sure to add a zone specific for my raised bed garden which has different watering requirements as well as a different zone for my citrus and fruit trees.
My front yard which is desert landscaping was corrected by removing the old, dripping system with new copper pipes, a pressure regulator, shut-off valves, etc.
If an irrigation system could be sexy, mine is one hot mama!
Tyler was awesome to work with.
He is very professional, courteous and prompt.
He did not try to up-sell me on anything I didn't need.
He followed through on every promise and called me within 2 hours of the system installation to schedule a walk-through to go over everything so I would know how my new "Rolls Royce" irrigation system works as well as the 5 year warranty.
I could not be happier with Pro Irrigation Services and I would strongly recommend them to anyone that wants a quality job for a fair price.

Ok, so we all know what it's like to need a service and usually when we are in DIRE need of someone fast, we cannot find someone reliable or even to call you back!
We bought a new home in Desert Ridge and the previous owners had put a lot of time and money into the landscaping, including cactus, palms, flowering plants and banana trees.
After 2 weeks of living in our new home, I noticed the plants looking pretty sad.
I had no idea if the irrigation was working or not, since this was new to me.
I called 3 irrigation companies, all 3 were answering machines, I left messages and to this day(2 weeks later) have not received a follow up call from any of them.
I had waited 24 hours for a call and found Pro Irrigation Services.
I called, Josh answered, he had someone here THAT DAY, he even showed up AFTER 5pm when most people are going home, fixed the issue and explained everything to me.
He charged a very fair rate for parts and labor and everything works perfect!
I will have them out this fall when things get slower for them, to update my system and make sure that it's all working properly!
Don't waste your time calling all the other ones and don't waste your money trying to find someone who is the lowest price, it will cost you more to have it done over RIGHT!
These folks value your business and Josh even followed up a day later with a call to see if everything meet my satisfaction!
IT DID!
THANKS!
Call'em, you won't regret it!

This was one of three companies I received a bid from for replacement of my sprinkler system.
It wasn't the lowest bid, but the person who gave us the bid (Matt) was the most professional of the people we met with, and took the most time to explain the work being proposed.
We hired them for the project.
They did the work on schedule, and the quality was excellent.
However, they failed to run drip lines to a few of our trees.
When we pointed out the issue, they acknowledged the problem and came out the same day to fix it.
That is what impressed us most.
Bottom line, they do what they say they'll do, and they do it well.
They also are real easy to work with.
We intend to use them for other work as the need arises.

I contacted Pro Irrigation Services two days ago and talked to Josh about our drip irrigation system which was not working consistently.
Our irrigation controller was only about two years old (installed by a landscaper), but was acting up.
Josh said that the controller would be covered by a warranty even though they didn't install it and I did not have the paperwork.
Tyler came out the next day and after I described the problems I was having, he told me how the solder points on the back of the circuit board were the problem.
I also asked him about a crack in the solenoid at the irrigation valve.
To summarize, we agreed to replace the faulty parts and Tyler did a great job.
He patiently explained everything he would do so that I understood exactly what was needed.
It was clear that Tyler knew irrigation systems very well.
He is an expert!
These guys will be my go-to guys for all my irrigation needs going forward.
They never put any sales pressure nor try to upsell any components.
I wish all professional services were as professional as these guys.

I have been using this company for over a year and they are amazing.
They are always professional, on time and honest.
I would recommend to anyone.

Tyler arrived on our agreed to time schedule.
Reviewed our problems and did some quick checks.
Opened our water valve box and tested the valves.
His analysis was on the mark.
Tired valves (16 years old system) and solenoids.
He rebuild both valves and then went around with us to check each drip station.
No other problems exist.
Great service in a timely manner and a reasonable price.
This will be my go to service for irrigation issues in the future.

I had Pro Irrigation come out to look at an issue I was having with pressure within the system and the sprinkler heads not operating effectively.
The office coordination was exceptional, got an immediate call back and the gentlemen that came to the house called when they were on their way and showed up on time.
They quickly addressed the issue which was simply a drip valve manually in the "on" position from my landscaper.
I was a little surprised on paying for 2 guys for an hour for such a quick fix but having the system working again is worth it.
This is better service then you will find with most PHX companies, regardless of the industry.

First, I would have provided five stars, but Pro Irrigation never actually did any work for me.
Yet.
I requested an estimate and Josh was very accommodating scheduling the time.
This was then confirmed by Tyler a day before.
I then promptly received a quote, which was very reasonable, a follow-up phone call, and then I requested the service.
I ended up cancelling at the last minute when I found out that a family member had come to the residence and made the repairs without telling me.
They graciously cancelled.
I'm writing this review simply due to this company's attentiveness and professionalism.
They were excellent in their communications (except when I cancelled I didn't get a confirmation that they received it) and I felt confident they would perform the work.
I plan on having them back.

