E-Z Buffet is a Chinese buffet that recently opened in my neighborhood.
It was about $10 for dinner .
The place had a bunch of tables so seating was easy.
You can also get take out.
They have a lot of food to choose from, typical Chinese fare plus sushi, fried chicken wings, roast beef, salad fixings, pudding & fruit.
They also had ice cream for desert, not soft serve but hard ice cream.
I like the General Tso's Chicken, Scallion Pork and their freshly steamed green beans.
I loved their rocky road ice cream.
The wait staff was prompt and friendly.
I really liked that.
This place is worth trying.
If you go please write a review.
I'd love to know what others think.

I couldn't bring myself to give them the two stars I thought they actually deserved for the food because: a) I didn't get sick, b) the people who work there are REALLY nice c) the facility is very clean, and d) I didn't get sick.
With that said, for $9 per person it isn't the worst thing you could eat and hey, they had really good onion rings!
Uh, yeah...
So the rice, fried rice, and chow mein were BLECH (even my toddler passed on them), the soups wavered between bland and salty, but they had a decent selection of fried goodies and I did have two helpings of the walnut shrimp (daring!
) and chicken skewers!
The beef with broccoli and general's chicken weren't bad and even though the texture of the stuffed mushrooms and fried dumplings were off-putting, the flavors were nice.
The sushi was questionable at best - something was off in the California rolls (either the cucumber or the avocado didn't taste right) and after sniffing at the tuna I thought "better not".
Would I go back?
Meh, probably not.

Typical Chinese buffet, nothing more nothing less

Been there twice... pretty decent, better than most, friendly staff, clean restaurant, good price, spent a lot of time in that bldg.
Back when it was a Native New Yorker.

Growing up, when we wanted to have a special family dinner out, we went to a local Chinese buffet.
Although my memories of the place are through the eyes of a child, I know it was a real gem.
Fast forward twenty something years and you find me still searching for the elusive, but oh-so-desirable, "perfect" Chinese buffet.
Let me tell you, E-Z buffet was not that place.
The service was good, but beyond that they had little going for them.
The food was either too bland or too salty and it all tasted overly processed.
There was not a single dish that I enjoyed.
The corner of the restaurant I was seated in felt dark and cave like.
It is highly unlikely I will return, but if I do, I will be sure to update you on my findings.
Now, I must venture on, in search of the ultimate Chinese buffet.

BEST GARLIC SHRIMP IN TOWN.
THIS CHEF KNOWS HOW TO USE GARLIC AND GINGER.
Pleanty of sweet and peppery dished...mmmm.
The pastas and crispy delights are deliberately bland...add some of the nice gravies and sauses.
Great salads..a vinegar,sugar marinade that is perfect.
Clean and friendly.
Nicely presented Sushi bar.
Quality ice creme bar... with several favorite flavors.It beats other chinese buffets...I love it.

its not a bad place and if you get here early the sushi is pretty good but they dont seem to take the old (hours old) stuff down!
That concerns me.
As far as the selection goes they have allot to offer and the hard real ice cream is a welcomed treat after a meal!
My wife and I really like the sushi but again get there early if you want  fresh.
Give it a try and tell us what you think!
I also agree the service is great!

What a nightmare.
There were three of us eating there for the first time (and only) time.
My daughter had found small slivers of chicken bone in her mouth, we were lucky she did not choke.
The green vegetables I was chewing on had an awful taste, like clorox bleach.
Not a nice taste, let me tell you.
The third person  said the egg roll had an awful chemical taste.
All three of us had to spit out what was in our mouths!
We should have walked out, but we were hungry so kept eating.
The hot and sour soup was very good, so we filled upon that!
When the waiter came with the check and asked us if everyting was Ok we said: "Noooo".
He smiled and walked away.
Not sure he could speak English.
What a nightmare.
We paid and left.

Not having had any Asian Buffet for a long two days, I whipped in here for lunch today.
Welcome to the place Yelp calls "E-Z Buffet", but the owners call, alternatively, "EZ Buffet", "EZ Chinese Buffet", & "Easy Buffet" depending upon which sign or printed matter of theirs you are viewing!
In any event, here goes:  This medium-large place was offering up 75 main food items today, featuring such strictly Chinese dishes as Clam Chowder, beef roast, Stuffed Bell Peppers, Calzone, pizza, & pink marshmallows!
Who knew???
:-)  Ok, this somewhat stylish, comfortable place with a friendly staff was also serving many of the usual Chinese treats including Sushi (Whoops, that's Japanese!
), Kim Chee (Whoops, that's Korean!
), Egg Foo Young (there!
... & made the real way), & lots of what we usually see including fried chicken, boneless spare ribs, stuffed mushrooms, more chicken fixed all different ways, fish, shrimp, & so on, ending up with a good selection of desserts including tasty, REAL ice cream.
It's a high 3 Stars for this nice restaurant where the Lunch Buffet is $6.75/$6.08 Sr. on Monday through Saturday, $8.75/$7.88 Sunday, & they also offer a regular menu.
:-)

I've been a couple times now.
I haven't had anything that turned me off from going back, and I've had several things I really enjoyed.
It's decently priced, and has a good selection of dishes.
I'd eat there again.

This place is good and cheap a rare combination.... Best spicy garlic shrip I've had since my trip to Hawaii.
The crab legs were fresh and the buffet had a fairly good selection of Chinese food.
The big hunk of beef isn't prime rib, it was tough, but nicely seasoned.
The stuffed mushrooms were note worthy as well, pretty good.
I think overall the price was great, for $8.95 It's hard to find that much decient food.
Growing up I ate frequently at my friends Chinese restaurant, he'd be upset with their low prices, but I'm pretty sure he'd eat here.
p.s.
I introduced the owner to yelp so he'll probably be reading the reviews from now on....

The food was fair at best.
The variety of dishes left a lot to be desired.
The sushi was mediocre, it's better at Fry's.
The restrooms were unpleasant, my 6 year old was afraid to use the bathroom.
It was not worth driving over from Surprise.

I've been trying several different chinese buffets in my area, and EZ Buffet is the only one I've been back to.
It's not much to look at, but I do think the recessed ceilings are nice.
I appreciate that they have several different vegetable offerings instead of just one as other places have.
I especially enjoyed the sauteed cabbage.
I also liked the lo mein, and really really like their hot and sour soup.
I haven't tried the sushi, but their dessert selection is kind of sad.
The second time I went they didn't have any cookies to dip in the tapioca pudding.

Worst Chinese place in town .
Food was cold, would not even meet health dept codes for temp requirements for the safety of the general public.
Needs to be reported and shut down.
I'm hoping I don't get sick from the sample size bites of all the food I tried, hoping to find something to eat.
I'm talking Costco / Sams Club size samples.
When I refused to pay, the manager lady yelled at me for being angry.
She doesn't know angry.
Plus their children were working.
What about child labor laws?
The only reason I gave 1 star is because there is not an option for zero or negative digits.

One of the worst Chinese Buffets I have ever been to.
Everything looked like it had been sitting for hours upon hours.
I never judge on looks alone, so I tried some of the food but it was disgusting.
Even their deserts tasted like shit.
Not only will I never eat here again, but I would suggest you stay away also.
I just hope that my stomach doesn't pay for this later on tonight

Is it wrong for buffets to make you more dispondant/angry as you eat?
I've only had to leave in the middle of a buffet one time before I was full becaues of seriously bad food, and this was number 2..
The food was practically flavourless - the Honey chicken tasted as though they took Spaghetti-O sauce and some sugar mixed in and called it a sauce, so much other food was completely void of any flavour..
The only halfway decent food was the chow mein..
Even the service was lacking - no one asked how the food was or if there was anything I needed..
The cashier barely muttered the amount I was due and that was it..  You're much better off at other places..!

This place is the typical cheap Chinese buffet.
Not the best, but I haven't had food poisoning yet.

Well, it's been about a year since I last visited this Buffet, so it was back there today, joined by Arlin B.
& Mike C. to see how they're doing.
It wasn't all bad...
The 73-item food selection is fairly large & they offer some unusual recipes such as stuffed bell peppers.
There's also some "ok" Sushi, real Egg Foo Young, & a few other positives including the low price.
On the negative side, the food was sort of blah overall, the fried chicken wasn't very good, some food trays weren't up to temperature at opening time, and of the 8 kinds of real ice cream, which would have been a plus, almost all were virtually empty.
There have been just too many better Buffets closing around the Valley lately, such as Crown China, for me to be ok with this place.
SO, it's down to 2-Stars this time.
:-|  Lunch Buffet:  $6.99/$6.29 Sr.

For me, this place works.
But, I like it because it's a buffet that is heavy on mushroom dishes and I am a big mushroom fan.
This combined with a wider selection of dishes that won't wreck your diet makes it something of a favorite of mine.
If you stay away from buffets due to them being heavy on deep fried and high-calorie dishes, you may like the selection here a bit more.

Just stopped in for lunch today and boy what a shocker.
Ordered Hot Tea and it was far from hot.
cool at best.
Then the *Food*, all Cool / Luke warm and tasteless.
seriously people!
And there were kids all over the place fingering all the silverware (Kids, as in the owners kids).
Service was crud and food was crud.
NEVER AGAIN!
Avoid at all costs.

DO NOT EAT HERE!
The food isn't fit for human consumption.
It was all very old, and greasy.
A friend of mine claimed this was her favorite place to eat, and took me here for lunch one day.
Absolutely disgusting food.
I left this place with the most excruciating headache-I'm assuming from all of the MSG in the food.
I ended up throwing up for several hours that day from eating here.

Came here for LUNCH at 1.30.
Half the dishes had only leftovers in them.
No refills for the time we were there.
Very unprofessional staff, walking around and yelling in Chinese.
The sushi was so old it was dried out, out of 6 different plates of sushi there were only about 7 or 8 sushi pieces left... Yeah.
Mind I remind you, none of ANYTHING got refilled and this was all during LUNCH.
Cardboard food...
I think im feeling a diarrhea coming.
Will never go back.

Most of the food I tried here was inedible.
I spit the lo mein and potstickers out into my napkin, that's how bad they were.
The kung pao chicken was so bland that even dousing it in soy sauce didn't make it edible.
Avoid this place at all costs!
Update: I am now paying for my bad decision to let someone else pick the restaurant  in a very unpleasant way.

Disgusting!!!
The food was greasy and horrible tasting.
I think my fiancé and I had 2 bites and decided to leave.
Front desk demanded we pay for two meals.
Never coming back again EVER!!!

