Stay away.
This is NOT a Verizon store.
It is a phone sales store only.
They sell you expensive phones, insurance and accessories then SIGN you up ONLY.
You will spend a fortune thinking that you've also paid for the 1st month of service then get home and find ANOTHER bill from Verizon for unpaid service & set up fees.
They will suck you in with promises and change your service all before you get your invoice & contract.
Go directly to a REAL Verizon store if you want Verizon service.
If you try to return the phones you got here they charge you a $50 restocking fee.
Don't be ripped off like we were.

Be very aware when buying phones here.
They offered us a bogus rebate to get us to buy.
Verizon denied it saying that the store knew that it didn't apply to the phone we purchased.
When asked about it, the store manager offered us a "store credit".
We already bought all we needed or want for this phone so would like a refund in the amount of the fraudulent rebate.
I guess we'll have to turn this over to the state attorney general so they can investigate them for fraud.

We got wonderful service here after being totally turned down at the Verizon Company store at Tempe Market Place.
Our salesman Michael was very helpfuland went out ofhis way to help us save money and work us through a complicated purchase.We have bought phones fromthis location and have always had a great, personal experience.
The phones were also cheaper than the quotes we got at the company stores.
Michael also was more than willing to discount tradtional high dollar add-ons.
Great experience all around.

This is a franchise, not a Verizon company store 2.
Sales reps are extremely friendly 3.
They verbally told us our contract and rates would remain the same.
Two months later, they went from $212 a month to $280.
We told them we wanted insurance for our sons phone because he would likely drop it  or lose it.
They gave us 'extended warranty' and his broken phone is not covered.
The store told us they were giving us a great rebate.
Actually, there price was raised higher than corporate stores.
Corporate Verizon is no better....they tell you one thing, and up the contract....and change the contract.
Can't get away from this company fast enough.
This is a corrupt oligopoly that should be subject to federal review....rather, they are making heavy Democratic donations and allowed to acquire and charge what they want.
Horrible, Horrible, Horrible.

