I had a Haven Burger.
I have been waiting for a pastrami burger place to open up in my area for a while, fell in love with www.crown-burgers.com years ago.
Also a plus is that they "grill fire" the burger too.
It was not as big as pastrami burgers I have had at other places, but then again, it was a little less money too.
Very tasty.
I'm gonna be the mayor, check foursquare and see.

Haven Burgers is a small burger joint on Hobson and Main, kitty-corner to the Mesa Mormon Temple and across from Pioneer Park.
The menu is very creative and they serve everything from innovative breakfast fare to delicious takes on classic Americana.
They also have really good Hispanic food with fun additions or toppings that you won't find anywhere else.
Their specialty here is the Haven Burger, pretty much a large, well made cheeseburger with warm, spicy pastrami on top.
It is sooo good, I get these all the time.
The list of burgers on their menu is extensive, and they really try to get the tastiest combos of toppings on every sandwich.
They also have funny quirks on their menu like the pastrami quesadilla, but it actually turned out being delicious.
I've ordered most of their menu, and not once have I been less than pleased with everything I've gotten.
Even the sides are delicious, and the onion rings are fresh-made and probably some of the very best in Old-Town Mesa.
I've introduced my family and many of my friends to this unassuming restaurant, and everyone who goes loves it.
My brother actually holds the owner's record for eating the most food from their restaurant.
:) If you like great Southwestern food with fresh ingredients and a vibrant, rare twist on every dish, Haven Burgers is the place to be.

I tried Haven awhile back, late evening.
I got the regular cheeseburger with their house sauce - it was good.
Lots of fresh fries.
I will try again.

I have always loved pastrami burgers since I first tried one at Crown Burger in Utah.
I thought that taste might never come to Arizona, but Haven Burgers is here.
Their signature pastrami ( Haven ) burger is a great cheese burger with pastrami piled on top.
They also have this in a Haven Melt which is also very good.
They have a California burger with avocado that is great.
Their fries are very good and they have homemade onion rings which are fantastic.
There are a lot of other menu items as well as breakfast items that I can't wait to try.
Haven Burgers will make your burger any way you can dream up.
They have the soda machine out by the customers and drink refills are free.
The owner if often there and he really cares that you're pleased with your meal.
This is a new culinary gem in the east valley that caters to those looking for great inexpensive food!
Guy Fieri needs to find this place and spotlight them on "Drive-ins, Diners and Dives".

I was passing by and saw the sign that said $4.99 for a burger combo deal.
We decided to give it a try.
The burgers/fries were BEYOND delicious!
Everything was made to order and you can see the cook prepare your meal.
The owners are very friendly!
The restaurant is very clean and kid-friendly.
A locally owned restaurant that prepares delicious food for a very reasonable price.
What more could you ask for?
I cannot wait to go back again!

Haven Burger is heaven sent!
I've been searching for a hometown burger place for 5 years.
Suddenly I found one walking distance from my house!!
Many restaurants failed in this location, but they didn't have Tony!!
Tony owns this burger joint.
The burgers taste old fasioned, the fries are crispy outside and fluffy on the inside and the service feels like your eating with family.
The Haven signature has pastrami on the burger and thousand island on the toasted bun.
Everything on the menu is worth trying.
All the customers leave happy with promises of returning.
And They Do!!
I gotta eat here at least once a week.
YOU HAVE TO TRY HAVEN BURGER!

This is a great little burger joint!
The food is really really good, I fancy the jalepeno burger but I have tried the Haven Burger and you cant go wrong there either.
The atmosphere is fun and the owner is always helpful and friendly, he takes the time to chat here at there too.
The food it very fresh tasting, I would definitely recommend the onion rings, and their zucchini fries.
I have yet to try one of their burritos or something off their breakfast menu, I hope to do that soon!

I'm proud to have Haven Burgers as part of my Savings Card program.
The food is awesome, and the people are great.
Located across from Pioneer Park in Mesa, it's perfect food to take to the part for a picnic, or just eat inside the shop.
As part of the AZ Gold Savings Card program, Haven Burgers is offering a 10% discount to users of the card.
For more details, visit http://azgoldsavingscard.com

Friendly local burger shop.
Very low prices.
They were glad to customize my burger replacing the onions with onion rings.
Great for an affordable lunch during spring training season!

Excellent!
I was told they were good, but dang, they make some seriously delicious food!
I had a cheeseburger & fries.
Try out this little joint for good grub any day.

Haven Burger, wow.
Needed a burger joint in this area today and this had good reviews here and on Google.
We went and wow.
The Haven Burger has pastrami and 1000 Islands dressing, and it was so awesome.
The owner was totally rad, too.
I know it costs lots for the license but a beer would've topped it off very nicely!

Really liked this place.
I had the Haven burger and it was very tasty.
The service was very friendly too.
I will be back.

Love this local, non-chain, burger joint.
The Haven Burger is delicious (burger with pastrami and 1000 Island dressing).
The onion rings are great as well.
Looking for a true mom and pop burger joint, look no further.
And the prices are good as well.

I was looking for a place for lunch today in Mesa, and decided to try something new.
Haven Burger came up as an interesting option.
I had never heard of it; it's a local spot right across from the temple.
I knew this is a sketchy neighborhood, so I didn't know what to expect - but place actually looks nice and clean, inside and out.
The setup looks very similar to another locally owned burger joint, the popular Giant Hamburger.
The grill is right behind the counter, so you can see them cooking the food, just as at Giant.
It's small, with something like 4-5 tables and a similar number of booths.
I went with their signature Haven Burger combo.
The burger is topped with lettuce, tomatoes, pastrami, and thousand island dressing.
Another similarity to Giant: you're basically eating fast food, but it's not fast at all.
Sure, the wait isn't quite as long as you'd get at a gourmet burger joint, but don't expect to sit down and start eating right away.
This isn't a knock on the place, but something you should expect.
As far as the food is concerned, it's very good for a fast food burger.
The pastrami and thousand island dressing really work on the burger.
The quality of the ingredients is not what you would expect at a gourmet burger joint, so don't expect a nice, thick, juicy patty cooked medium-rare with thick-sliced pastrami.
It's just good enough to make this an excellent fast food burger.
The drinks offered are standard Pepsi products.
(They give you one free refill, although I don't know that they're strict on this.
You shouldn't drink that much soda anyways!
)  They also have horchata and jamaica (no refills), but I didn't get them, so I don't know how they rate.
The single biggest problem with this place is no doubt the fries.
These are freezer fries, not fresh cut.
They were really not good fries - I regretted not getting the thousand island or ranch dressing to dip them in ($0.30 extra).
Some vinegar would also help a lot; I didn't see any vinegar anywhere, but I didn't ask, either.
If they don't improve their fries, it'll be hard to justify eating here over one of the popular mid-range burger chains (Five Guys, Smashburger, etc.
) where they actually have tasty fries.
Overall, I'd rate this a step above Giant, two steps above your average fast food burger (Burger King or Wendy's), and a step below Five Guys and Smashburger.
If they were to improve their fries, they might be able to move up to that next tier.
(Their prices are more reasonable, though, so if you're budget-conscious, this may be a better option.
)  Haven Burgers is a reasonable place to eat if you're in the neighborhood, or you're on a budget and want something better than Burger King.
But don't add it to your list of destination burger joints.

I was in the area and super hungry and wanted something stat.
I pulled in, not expecting much, but I was very glad I came in.
The food was BOMB.
I had their Haven Burger.
Who knew pastrami on hamburger meat would go so nicely together.
I don't eat flour-based products so I didn't eat the bun with the burger, but it was still good.
I know if I had eaten the bun it would have been really good.
(After hearing about "Wheat Belly", I've stopped eating that stuff).
I'd recommend it!
The woman, who I believe was the owner, was very nice.
She was definitely a good sales woman.
I was going to just order the burger, but she said "I had" to try the Haven Burger because it was better.
It was lunch time so it was pretty busy.
I'm glad to see that though because it is a mom-and-pop shop.
I'm not really in this area, but if I were I'd come  back!

Definitely the best burgers in town

Had the haven burger.
Would have been great if I liked onions!
This burger has enough onions on it for 5 burgers.
Onions where not mentioned or listed in the description of the burger.
If you are not an onion fan or have an onion allergy, make sure you tell them to hold the onion or else you will be eating an onion burger with some meat!
Everyone in my party had to remove all or some of the onions because they overpowered everything.
The restaurant is very dirty.
Had a hard time eating the onion burger in the dirty smelly atmosphere.
Bathrooms were bad and looked as if they had not been cleaned recently.
The staff was friendly and were really the only decent part of the experience.
If it was not for the whole onion on the burger, the very very dirty restaurant and bathrooms it would  have been an ok burger joint.

To be completely honest I didn't care for Haven as much.
The burger itself tasted like a burger that you barbecue on your grille.
The food took a while to get to us.

This is the spot!
A mom and pop shop in the down town Mesa area.
Haven burger and Lenny's are the 2 best burger spots in Mesa.
Although they are different.
Haven burger is also less expensive.
It is actually very affordable and you get your money's worth.
It is a must eat spot.

I've eaten here before and I always try to support local businesses but  the owner/cook won't make my food the way I want.
He was yells at his employee (non English speaking undocumented worker) then a server is screaming the whole time sitting at the bar making the environment stressful and tense we won't be back.
A lot like southern Cali restaurants just super unprofessional.

We enjoy the burger with pastrami.
Nice yummy taste.
Nice little burger joint with a try.
Their quesadillas aren't great but the burger are good.

I really enjoy this place.
People are very friendly and nice.
Everything is made fresh to order.
The havenburger is really good.
My wife gets the breakfast burrito with sausage egg, potato and cheese.
It is one of the best breakfast burritos I have ever had.
I like to support local restaurants and this is one I would like to stay around so please support them and give them a try.
Maybe come by after or before a temple session!

(Lyrics - Warrant - Heaven)  I've got a review for your place As I'm order the Haven Burger It's sweet and moist and salty and it's looking pretty good See the pastrami in the mix Thousand Island dressing on the bun The zucchini fries are great, but don't forget about fries  I know you want to be the king of Mesa As long as you're the hero of this burger joint  Haven burger isn't too far away (ahhhhhh) Its open almost everyday No matter what your reviews might say  Haven Burger is located close to downtown Mesa.
My friends kept on saying they didn't want to "get stabbed"!
I didn't think it was that bad!
Then again we were just walking around looking for a place to eat.
Not particularly sure where the Haven name came from, but I decided to order their specialty anyways along with zucchini fries -- yum!
I love me some zucchini fries anytime over regular fries.
However, their fries were thick and crispy so no complaints.
Love, love, love zucchini fries didn't I mention!!
They were perfectly done here with a side of ranch!
My Haven burger was different from what I'm used to.
Pastrami in a burger!?
Yep, and guess what, it works.
The salty pastrami really gave some pop to the burger while the Thousand Island dressing almost reminded me of a big mac.
Overall, the place looks like taco dive, but they serve burgers of course.
Service came with a smile and they were totally friendly and attentive.
Definitely, recommend a stop by if you're ever in Mesa and no we didn't get stabbed....Enjoy!

Mediocre food, slightly better than mediocre service.
The cashier got our order wrong, and when we sent it back she got the order wrong AGAIN.
Besides that, the hamburger patty was way too thin for the bun it came in, and the taste reminded me of a Burger King hamburger.
We also sent the fries back, as the fries had been overcooked then left to become cool.
Gross.
NOT coming back.
Recommend in & out, 5 Guys, or Red Robin if you are serious about your hamburger.

Best breakfast burrito place EVER!
This is my go to place even though it's about 15 minutes away from my house I wouldn't go anywhere else if I'm craving a breakfast burrito.
The tortillas taste fresh and they're always packed to the brink of bursting with the yummy fillings (my favorite is the bacon).
Although this place isn't 5 star looking, it is 5 star tasting and very consistent.

Amazing food, great service!
This place is a great find in west Mesa.
Everything is made fresh and the thousand island dressing is amazing!

Great burgers (I got the California burger & my husband for the bacon cheeseburger) great service & super friendly.
The guy that took our order was really nice & even chatted with us during our meal a little.
We will definitely be back here again!

If you have ever had a Crown Burger in Utah and crave them, the Haven Burger is an even better burger.
The pastrami is amazing and the burger is perfectly cooked over a flame.
The fries and onion rings were good as well.
I can't wait to go back.

These burgers are delish!
A litte hole in the wall with great burgers and great service.
Try their french fries and onion rings too.
This is the closest to a 'California' style burger as you'll get out in AZ.

The California Burger is by FAR the best burger!
This burger spot beats In & Out and all the other great burger joints!
The zucchini fries are so tasty as well & My kids love their chicken tenders and fries too!
The staff there are always friendly and patient with our big orders and they always get the order right!!!
Only downfall we wish they were open Sundays:)

I am so done with this place!
This is the third time I've shown up to a closed Haven Burgers during their "business" hours.
Burgers are good but not worth the annoyance, waste of time and gas.
Seems like the owner changes hours of operation like he changes his underwear.
Note to all: they now close at 5pm on Mondays.

Double cheese was on point.
I have wanted to try this place for a while.
Friendly staff fast service.
I'll be back

The first time I tried Haven Burger, I was on a search for the best burger to be found in the East Valley.
I ordered the titular Havenburger, a 1/2 lb patty topped with what seemed like at least 3 lbs worth of Pastrami.
It was definitely in the top five burgers I've had in my life.
Juicy, tender, the pastrami added a wonderful flavor, and the dressing added a moistness to balance out all the meat.
I was certainly full from just this fantastic sandwich...and I'm sure I could have slept a week with all that meat in my belly...but then I tried a fry.
The fries are crispy and awesome.
A lot of restaurants relegate fries and onion rings to the realm of "sides," but Haven Burger treats all the details of their platings with equal respect.
Nothing fancy, but just plain good.
Since then, I've discovered their chili dogs, which I crave often.
The service is beyond fantastic.
The owner is usually working, and he recognizes me and asks where my buddy is (this being sometimes months between visits.
)  He always has time to chat and let us know how much he appreciates the business.
Honestly, this place is the epitome of what a privately owned business should be.
Friendly service, great food made with attention to details, a quirky quiet atmosphere...this place should be called "Heaven Burger!

I am picky when it comes to my burgers so I won't be over critical.
For the price you pay, I thought the Haven Burger was pretty good and the fries were nice a crispy.
The owner was walking around talking with us and was very personable which added to the service.
Atmosphere is about what you expect with a hole-in-the-wall burger place.
All in all pretty good and worth a visit.

Met up here with a friend.
We said "Hey, go Yelp a place to eat around here!
" and he pointed this place out.
Im all for trying new places and this place was great.
Love the small mom & pop shops!

