Nothing starts your day off better than a good pump in the morning!
One of the reasons I don't mind staying in one of the older casino hotels such as the Flamingo is the well stocked and maintained health club and spa here.
Lots of great equipment including hammer strength, plates, dumbells, cable racks, benches, and a smith machine.
A nice amount of treadmills and cardio machines too.
Spa is relaxing and clean, with a large hot tub, steam room, and a full list of spa and massage services.
Good hours as it is open from 6AM to 6PM.
As with most all casino health clubs there is a charge to use them, even if you are staying there.
Cost to use the gym is $20 a day, or $25 for a three day pass which is perfect for business travelors.
No reason to miss a workout while you are here on vacation.
Unless you had one of those "what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas" experiences the night before!

This place really hit the spot!
I love that they had hot, warm and cold tubs.
The steam room and cold tub really snapped me out of my hangover.
The steam room and sauna were fine, but each could be tweaked to be a bit warmer.
There was a nice selection of fruit juices, however, I didn't like that they made you ask for them each time, rather than have them out.
Also, the men's lounge area was turned to Wendy William's show.
Not really guy friendly programming.
When I joked to the attendant about the show, he changed the channel to E!...haha.
Would have preferred a 24 hour news channel or ESPN.
Or just the ability to change the channel.
The staff was friendly and helpful.
I really liked that they offered an ice-towel for when you're taking a steam.
Very nice touch.
I was in no condition to use the gym, but it seemed quite well-appointed and spacious.

I visited Las Vegas this past weekend and had a blast!
After a few days of walking up and down the strip, what would be a better way to relax than get a massage?
At first, I thought it would be a place where you undress in the room and receive the massage without having time to relax.
When I saw the price, I was a bit hesitant... however, it was well worth it.
I paid $110 for 50 minutes and I enjoyed every moment!
You pay upfront, then go to the spa area where you are greeted and given a robe and shown to the locker rooms.
There are showers to take before the massage, because we all know how gross and sweaty we can get while in Vegas!
Then relax on the sofas, or take a dip in the whirlpools.
Then you are greeted by the massage therapist.
My massage therapist was Peter, and he has to be one of the best!
Definitely made me feel comfortable and hit those troubled spots.
After the massage, he said to drink plenty of water, do some stretching and sit in the sauna for a bit before going home.
I had the most relaxing experience ever!!
Thank you sooooooo  much!
I will be returning=)

This is my first Vegas spa experience, so I have little to compare it to.
It's not the most beautiful or shiniest or anything like that, but the amenities and services are great.
There is a full cardio and weight area before heading back to the spa.
It always was being used whenever we would pass, but it was never over crowded.
If I had any discipline I would have used it.
I had the sampler package - 25 minute sugar scrub, 25 minute massage and 25 minute facial.
It was $160.
It's more than I'd like to pay for any of those services for that time period back here in the Denver area, but it's a good deal for Vegas spas, as I've priced them.
After the 25 minute sugar scrub I got to shower off in a shower with 4 rainfall shower heads.
I wish I had more time after I was all done (i.e.
my husband didn't want to hit the Strip right away) so I could have just stood in the shower for half an hour or so!
The massage was amazing.
Far better than my therapist at home, which tells me I need to find a new one at home.
She found my trouble areas and hit them hard.
It was exactly what I needed.
I had Sandy for my facial and she was great.
Fun to talk to and my skin felt amazing afterwards.
I wish I had time/$ for a 50 minute facial!
If you have a spa appointment, you have full access to the club all day.
I didn't have time to use it again, unfortunately.
They have warm, hot and cold tubs, showers and a changing and hair area stocked with hair supplies and tools.
The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because it is a bit dated with decor.
I had a great experience and hope to do the same next year!

One of my favorite spa's in Vegas, ask for Peter he's as good as it gets.

My wife and I have been going to the Spa at the Flamingo for years now in order to get our massages with Peter.
We get massages nearly every month and everywhere we travel but we make special trips to Las Vegas just to get massage from Peter.
The absolute best deep tissue massage there is that will relieve your back of anything that ails you.
When you go tell him Dan & Mary sent you !

