There's nothing like an old-school hotel lobby bar for people watching and feeling like a perverted traveling salesman!
Lobby bars are the crossroads of the hotel, and usually a great place to chill and watch the neverending Vegas tragedy.
The lobby bar at the Trump is more tragic than fun, though...kind of like sitting at a lobby bar on a Sunday night in Moldova, three days after the apocalypse, when the liquor supply's running low and the few surviving hookers are glowing with radioactivity.
I was here on a Saturday night, on a very busy weekend, so the place should have been jamming.
Instead, I found a cavernous, bedazzled lobby strewn with a few tired married couples sitting in shitty, flimsy banquet hall chairs, sipping coffee from paper cups, listening to the creepy lounge duo croon adult contemporary schlock.
I sat at the bar proper (no shitty banquet chair for me) and ordered a $9 vodka cranberry.
The other bar customers included a few cognac-swirling, cardigan-wearing, eerily sedate Irish bachelor party-goers, and one crazy New Age prostitute who was boring the bartender with talk of astrophysics, positive thinking, and the Tibetan Book of the Dead, which she was allegedly reading.
Neither one seemed interested in starting up a conversation... so I finished my drink and bailed.
Verdict: maybe I just hit it on a bad night, but it wasn't much fun.
Better hotel lobby bars are to be found at MGM Grand (Zuri), Caesars Palace (Galleria), and my favorite, the Petrossian Bar at Bellagio.

A really terrible bar, with $9 miller lites and lots of people waiting around for someplace better to be.
We sat at the bar and had a couple of beers as we waited for our gang to get together.
the bar staff were friendly but they gave us a dog of a recommendation to go an eat somewhere.

So slow, took over 50 minutes both times when told about time crunch.
Never again.
Food was decent

My husband and I had a college reunion with friends --- and we all stayed at the Trump Hotel in Las Vegas.
After everyone arrived, we all met up at the downstairs lobby bar for some drinks and chillaxin'.
What was great was the relaxing vibe, LIVE MUSIC playing, and the prompt service.
Happy Hour was 5-8 pm, with cocktails at only $5 each.
I ordered a light drink, called the Framboise Fizz (raspberry flavor w/ some gin?).
My husband had a Corona light at $7.
Reasonable prices, and good way to hang out with friends before we all head out to dinner!
Seats were comfortable, and liked how they had live music up until a certain hour!

