I love this place.
They have every level of tanning bed, red light therapy, and custom spray tanning.
The beds are kept clean and the staff is friendly and helpful.
I've tried several tanning Salons in Vegas and Sunkissed is by far my favorite.

When I spray tan, I prefer custom airbrushing.
It's just better.
I have tried a few different places and they were all fine, but Sunkissed stood out above the rest.The girl (Renee?
) that helped me was so friendly and professional, but best of all, I LOVED the color!!
I chose the "dark" and was a little afraid that it would be too dark ... but nope.
Absolutely perfect.
I bought a package and will make this my salon of choice.

So I know this guy.....he went here a couple of times before a trip to Cancun, wanted to make sure he had a good base tan....yeah that's what he told me.
He said the the receptionist was perfect and the place was very clean and easy in and out type of deal.
The lotion there is priced well he thinks and would recommend this tanning salon to other men not afraid to get naked in a glass chamber to change their skin color.

See...I'm pretty simple when it comes to tanning salons.
Give me a good monthly deal, CLEAN tanning beds that functions perfect (no missing bulbs etc...) and I'll be a happy camper.
And Sunkissed Tanning meets my expectations.
If you check-in from your phone, you get a 10% off coupon that's good for one session/package.
Whoever was at the desk that day was really friendly, helpful and informative.
He did not try to upsell anything nor was he pushy.
He truthfully told me that depending on how often you would LIKE to tan, was which monthly package I should purchase.
I ended up choosing a level 1 monthly package and with my 10% off, it came out to be $49.
There were beds always available plus all the bulbs were all in working order.
None of them were ever out or missing.
You get in, get your tan on, and get out.
I like to try out different tanning salons around the area, but if I don't find anything better...I'll def be back.

Don't waste your time or money, $48 for one mystic tan.
Turns out she doesn't even use the mystic lotion she uses her own stuff that washes off 100%.
It says to wait for hours to shower but I waited 6.5.
Very disappointed and will not be returning.
I have been using Versa Tan and Mystic Tan for years, this is not either one.
Its a knock off and waste of money.
Not one bit tanner!
And the owner kept pushing me to spend $140 on 3 Mystic Tans, lady if you shit works, ill spend money, obviously it doesn't!

What a let down.
When I walked in, the girl on the phone was borderline yelling at someone on the phone, then snapped at me for my last name when I said I was a new customer.
I thought things would turn around then, but guess not.
The place is dirty with old, chipped paint.
Super cheesy.
Again, seemed dirty.
Kristin basically made me beg for info.
No tour.
No explanation on the beds.
No tutorial on the 1990 boom box behind the bed.
Totally janky.
I don't know how this place is so highly rated.
For a $20 bed, I felt like I was in a $3 bed.
Oh, and they don't bother to update their Yelp check in offer.
Thumbs down.

I went to this salon for the first time and it would be my last.
The costumer service is 0.
I got my spray tan and they didnt do the shade i asked for, i looked like a potato, and oh when i told them they got all attitude with me and still made me pay, i have never been so upset in my life and now i have to go with two weeks looking ridiculous.
Dont waste your time with this place, because if they mess up they will make it all your fault and you will be the liar.
I give it 0 ZERO STARS

