I can only handle Greek cuisine once in a while.
Is it me or do you feel heavier and a tad bit overweight after some gyros?
and fries ... and a medium coke?
:)  Yeah, I know it's the voices in my head (make them stop!
)  Anyways, this place is right in the food court.
I'm not a big fan of food courts in general, but I'll survive.
I thought the gyros were pretty basic.
It wasn't too bad but then again it didn't really wow my taste buds.
Order some hot dogs and hamburgers and you're in the wrong joint (it'll take a good 15 mins!
)  This is just one of the 3 locations for this franchise so I gather they do pretty well.
This location is definitely for the quick (I only have 30 mins lunch break) customers.
- Enjoy!

Today I visited The Greek Pita for the second time.
On both visits I had the souvlaki (pork loin) sandwich combo.
At just under $10 total cost I cannot give The Greek Pita higher than 3 stars.
The food is good but not great.
For the same price one can get better gyro, shawarma or kebab sandwiches from a variety of other joints in Tempe (Tasty Kebab or Cafe Istanbul for example).
If you're already out at the Tempe Marketplace, however, this is a suitable dining option.
The food is cooked fresh so do expect to wait a few minutes, especially if there is a line.

We first stumbled across the Greek Pita in a non-descript strip mall behind Best Buy on Thunderbird.
Had low expectations, but the food was great.
We then saw that they had a spot at the Tempe Marketplace, so we paid them a visit.
The food is great - the shawerma chicken is beautifully marinated, and their salad dressing is great.
The hot sauce is worth paying for too!
It's weird that they have hot dogs, burgers, and french fries on the menu, but the Greek stuff they sell is pretty darned good!
We've been 3 weeks in a row!

The food is pretty good but the prices are too high.
While the nearly $9 dollars I spent on a Shawarma combo isn't too outrageous, the size of the pita is pretty small, and for a couple more dollars there are several quality Middle Eastern and Greek places close to Tempe Marketplace that are considerably better.
There are also many quicker, cheaper, and better options inside The District.
The Shawarma Pita contained well marinated and cooked chicken thighs, fresh veggies, and an awesome sauce.
Disappointingly small for the price, but actually the perfect size for a filling sandwich.
The fries are mediocre.
I'd suggest skipping them and just going for the sandwich (this will save a little bit of coin, too).
Paying a little more for quality doesn't bother me, but I can't say this was worth it.
I only decided to check out The Greek Pita because I was already at Tempe Marketplace, and had never eaten there.
If you happen to be there and have a craving for Mediterranean food, then by all means give it a try.
But The Greek Pita is definitely not a destination eating spot.

I was on my way back from the library trying to catch some food at Tempe Market Place late at night.
I was at the door at 9:59, and they were still willing to serve me.
I give them an extra star for this.
I got the chicken kebab plate.
In all honesty, I was not paying attention to cost since I was very hungry, but I was very surprised by the final total bill.
I think the price too much for Greek plates.
I would normally pay this much if I was at a sit down Greek Restaurant like My Big Fat Greek.

I consider myself to be somewhat of a falafel and hummus expert, so whenever I try a new greek/middle eastern place, that's where I like to start.
The hummus was above average....not super creamy and quite flavorful in all the familiar ways.
Now the falafel....that was different than any I have had.
They tasted pretty standard (don't get me wrong, they were quite tasty), but it was the texture that surprised me.
Lightly crunchy on the outside, but fluffy and LIGHTER THAN AIR on the inside.
I can't even find words to describe beyond that.
I loooooved them and look forward to trying their shawarma next time.

I love Greek, but I'm on a budget.
This is definately budget food!
I mean, there's no tip because it's fast food.
They prepare it fresh, but serve it expendiently.
They have good Tahini sauce.
They have good lamb.
You can get a side of falafel that tastes really good for $3 and share with everyone.
Their pitas are filling.
They have food that crosses over into Middle Eastern.
Good variety on the menu.
I used to go to the Pita Jungle or the way more expensive My Big Fat Greek restaurant three miles west, but for the food and prices, this place hits the spot.
Opa!

My friends and I were hungry and undecided so we went to Tempe Marketplace to find something to eat and we decided on greek.
We all got the gyro and it came out looking delicious but its a little on the salty side for me.
They didn't skimp out on the meat though which is good I guess?
Who doesn't like more meat [:  Erms other then that, if I truly wanted some greek food, I rather go to haji baba [:

EXCELLENT food!
They have the best pitas I have had in a long time!

The food is really really good.
The price not so much.
Pretty much plan on spending about $10 per person here (give or take).
If the price was better I'd give this place a full 5 stars because the food actually tastes fresh.
Fries were crispy, their sauce they use is pink (which I thought weird)  but it's the best I've tasted and the Pita bread is nice and fluffy soft.
I'd definitely come back to splurge.

I have eaten at this place more than a few times, and have yet to be disappointed.
Main dish (I get the number 10), fries and a drink (free refills) for two and we get out under $25 bucks every time.
And honestly, to those who say 9 or 10 bucks a head is too much to spend to eat out, I simply scratch my head, agree to disagree and point them to McDonald's.
You'll get a lot less many places for a lot more.
Every item on the menu is in picture form and described on the big wall over the open-to-view cooking area, so you see what you get, figuratively and literally.
Proximity to the movie theater at Tempe Marketplace and speed of service are what brought us in, great food and a nice counter girl keeps us coming back.

Pretty Good.
Pretty Good!
Normally Gyros, falafel, and tzatziki give me indigestion.
But this time, it did not.
The spanakopita was alright.
But the Falafel, gyro, and fries were tasty!
And I swear, the guys behind the couner were actually Greek!

Typical menu of items you would expect in a Greek place.
This place was good, fast and really generous portion sizes.
It was inexpensive too!
The food was made fresh and served quickly and not much to complain about.
All in all I would go back again.

Stopped in for a quick bite yesterday.
Split the Chicken Schwarma wrap and the Hummus appetizer with my wife.
It was delicious and filling, and we got out for under $15- I recommend this place over a couple of it's Tempe Marketplace neighbors if you're looking to eat quickly, but still get good food for not a lot of $$$.

Tasty gyros, and lots of it!
They serve Kronos from Chicago, shaved right off the spit so you know it's authentic.
And they really pile on the meat, too!
The tsaziki sauce was freshly made, too.
I could see myself coming here more often, if only I lived closer...

This place was great.
I love noticing the small differences between the shwarma and hummus when going to places like these.
At this place they gave us two types of pita; the normal thin warm pita I'm used to dipping into hummus and then another very thick piece that was also great.
I've never had anything like that but it was good.
I know it has a name because it came on a different plate.
The Greek salad was very Greek.
Lot's of lemon which is the way we like it.
Here was the best part for us...next to the cash register they have what appears to be home made baklava.
It was amazing.
Nice and crisp with plenty of honey.
Check it out folks, especially if you're waiting for a movie at the Tempe Marketplace.

First time at Tempe Marketplace and they have a decent selection of faster food by the theatre.
Ended up at this greek place and it was a good choice.
Price was about $6.50 for a pita sandwich  (combo was $2.25 more).
I chose the Chicken Kabob pita which is the best one if you prefer chicken breast like myself.
It is a tasty pita stuffed with about 10 long strips of nicely marinated chicken (lemon, spices) and then onions, tomatoes and I chose Greek style which is feta and tziiki sauce.
The chicken was freshly grilled as I listened and the sandwich was a quick eat, fairly healthy and good flavors as well.

I love the food here!
I usually have a chicken pita or falafel and both are great.
This time I had a hummus plate and it was amazing!
The portions were huge and I couldn't finish it - but I brought the rest home and one of my boys devoured what was remaining!!
I was pretty excited to learn that there are 2 other locations in the valley.
The restaurant is very clean and the staff is always friendly.

This place is pretty rockin.
They have a gyro combo for $7.50.
It comes with a gigantic and fully stacked gyro, a large side of french fries and a drink.
Amazing plus...THEY.HAVE.RANCH!
Score!
This always excites me because a lot of these places serve fries but no ranch...anyway.
the place is clean and the servers are nice.
I was apparently confused when I was ordering because I almost ordered some plate with a bunch of meat...thankfully they explained what I was ordering before I paid so I could change my order..situation avoided.
Fast, great price, great food!

I went here for a quick bite today... Never been here so didn't know quite what to expect.
You can't really see the menu from the side of the counter where you order, but as soon as I walked up to the counter a girl came out, very helpful to help me order.
I got the gyro plate which comes with the original gyro meat, Pita bread, rice & a Greek salad.
My food was ready so fast, like 5 minutes!
I took my food to go since I live right around the corner.
I got home and opened my food... Wow!
Definitely enough food for two!!
The meat was a little salty but balanced out with lots of tyziki sauce, some of the meat seemed a little dry.
The rice was light and delicious.
The salad was amazing and the feta tasted very fresh.
I only wish they would have included veggies (tomato, cucumber, lettuce) for the pita as the pita is basically only pita bread, meat & sauce.
I would come here again!

Enter nearly every Pita joint in the world: Mykonos posters and Coca Cola ads plastering the walls, with a big spinning lamb shank in the back.
This one is no different.
I arrived about 45 minutes before they closed and was asked what I want.
I ordered the #1, a gyro with fries.
The cashier told me not to throw any garbage away in the garbage cans because the bags cost three dollars a piece.
'Wow, this business is getting really ripped off on garbage bags' was the first thing I thought.
The food came out quickly and the pita was okay, if a bit sloppy.
The tomatoes were strangely cut as well, like huge quarter-cuts.
The fries were goddamn miserable.
Half of them were still frozen.
I later figured out it was because they wanted us to get the hell out, as I turned around right after walking outside and they locked the door on us, and refused to let me refill my drink.
The real shame was having to walk into the new Tom Cruise snoozer 'Oblivion' with those horrific frozen fries firmly mashed into my teeth.
Thanks for a good time Greek Pita!

Went to Greek Pita a couple nights ago.
Very clean place and the staff was friendly.
I ordered the Gyro combo and my wife got the Greek salad.
I thought the Gyro and fries had good flavor and were a good portion size.
My only complaint was that my pita was a little stale.
My wife thought this place had one of the best greek salads that she has had in a long time.
She said 5 star for the Greek Pita.

So, I had the Gyro.
It was ok not great but not horrible either the meat was soft the Pita was soft witch are good things, Now as far as The Tzatziki Sauce it was one of the worst I've had.
No flavor it tasted and looked watered down.
Looked like a watered down Ranch Dressing.
I doubt if I'll ever go back again..Unless I'm really craving a Gyro and happen to be near there most likely I wont go back.

I did not expect to have such an amazing gyro at Tempe Marketplace.
I was very impressed with their hummus and tzatziki sauce.
I will definitely be back to try the entire menu.
Also, the blue-haired checkout girl will melt your heart ;)

INCREDIBLE!!!!
The flavor is fantastic and while the chef's would likely be scalped by Gordon Ramsey for their inaccurate knife cuts, who the Hell care?
My stomach sure doesn't!
While it may not be pretty, it's pretty damn tasty and a definite score of 5!
Amazing find in Tempe Marketplace!

Awesome Gyros!

Not bad, price was good... for 1 gyro came to $5.70ish with tax and it was a decent size, filled me up for sure.
Service for take out was quick so I would definitely try this place out again.

3-stars for the food 1-more star for the love at the register  Ordered the #1 and #3 (gyro fries and drink, steak gyro fries and drink) A couple pieces of the steak were chewy, jaw-sore chewy.
But it was loaded with steak so no complaints for only 2 off pieces.
Spent a couple pennies under $20 for the 2 combos and a pea cup of hummus and a pita for the toddler.

Love this place.
Their souvlaki is amazing.
Highly recommended.

Honestly nothing special.
People still eat there don't ask me.
Food Is Bland Theye Skimp On Hummus, man dunk the stuff on my plate it's good for me I want more of it.
This place give soo little hummus, nothing really memorable.
...

The food was delicious and the service was phenomenal!
I had the chicken shawarma salad and  they were able to customize my toppings with ease!
The waitress/cashier was extremely accommodating and friendly!
I will definitely be returning soon!

The chicken shawarma is so good here and the sauce that comes with it is amazing.
Everyone here is very friendly and even though they give me a number for my order, they still bring the food directly to the table.

I am a big fan of the Thunderbird location, and am very happy that they opened a sister location here.
So good.

Very friendly employees- I am guessing it is a family that runs it.
I got the chicken pita a few times and that was good, but last time I got a chicken plate that came with a pita, rice, and salad and that was DELICIOUS!
If you like Greek food, you will like this place!

That's one delicious gyro!
My other favorite place to get Greek food on the go (the other being Pita Kitchen on 99th & McDowell).

I like the gyro salad there.
Gyro meat on top of a yummy salad, with a pita and tzatziki on the side.
Eat it with a fork, of course.
I'm 48 and can get a gyro sandwich anywhere.
This is just something tasty and seems to deliver more edibles and less bread than a gyro sandwich.

I always get the shawarma salad with chicken it is a very good portion but is a little expensive.
The salad is packed with different layers of flavor.
I always want to drink the dressing that is left over  The hummus Is very tasty and I always appreciate a place that offers wheat pitas.
Everything here is packed with flavor ask for a side of there hot Greek sauce.
It a nice spin on salsa!

