Purchased a combination deal online that got me three oil changes ( and a bunch of other stuff) for $30 so I finally found time to take the work truck in for an oil change.
I called in advace so when I got there it was pretty much an in-n-out ordeal.
They did a quick check of the rest of the truck and off I went.
I did see somem oil under the truck in the garage but im truly not sure of it was already there or not so ill give them the benefit of doubt on this one.....

I've gone to Joe's 3 times in the last year and a half for different stuff and have always gotten excellent and friendly customer service.
They talk to me about what they're doing and mail me discount coupons after the job is done.
Good crew.
Update: sorry guys, but I have to knock 2 stars off.
I bought a used car and brought it here for an inspection.
For $50 I was told they do a "pretty complete" inspection so I let them at it.
I got it back with a pretty good bill of health.
But: I had asked them to look at the heater which I knew wasn't working and when I came to pick it up I had to ask about it, the guys kind of gave each other a look like "oh we forgot" and I was told they would have to look further into it to know what was wrong.
Not too bad, except a few other things they missed: I knew the tires were getting bald.
The front left tire was low, and a week later went flat.
Had it towed to a tire place and was told the tires were 7 years old and all had to be replaced.
Apparently they didn't look at the tires.
There was a backup bulb out they didn't mention.
All the wiper blades needed to be replaced; the rear one had no blade left at all; no mention by Joe's.
Didn't catch that the antenna was missing.
The worst, and had it not been for this I might not have updated my review: when the tire guys replaced the tires they said the lower ball joints were worn out and had to be replaced otherwise it was going to cause premature tire wear; quoted $600.
I doubted this, so I took it to another place.
They told me the whole front end was worn badly and it was dangerous and needed to be replaced; quoted $1300.
Suspicious still I took it to Network Alignment and they said just lower and upper ball joints were bad; quoted $900.
Either way, Joe's missed it completely and I am disappointed.
I wasn't told what the inspection entailed and I wasn't given a printout afterward showing the status of components.
Service was still friendly but looking for another auto mechanic now.

