Tucked at the western end of Princes Street, where Princes Street becomes Waterloo Place, Princes Street Suites offers an excellent alternative to pricey hotels while still in the heart of Edinburgh, but away from the touristy racket.
The Suites are gorgeous - clean and modern and efficient.
Our 3-bedroom suite had a spacious living room, dining area overlooking North Bridge, and a small but perfectly serviceable kitchen.
The bedrooms are spacious yet cozy, with nice linens & plenty of space for your gear.
For 3 people (one couple and one single), the price was right - less than 2 hotel rooms would have cost, and we got so much more.
We ate a variety of meals in: breakfast, some lunches, one dinner.
Shopped for groceries at the nearby Sainsbury or only slightly farther away Tesco.
So nice not to have to run to a restaurant anytime we were hungry.
Reception staff is helpful and will guide you to where you need to go.
Highly recommended for a stay in Edinburgh if you want the flexibility and comforts of home, while still being centrally located (just 2 blocks from Waverly Street Bridge and the train station).
Esp.
good for families, as there's way more space than a hotel room or two.
Another plus: it's located about 1 minute walk from Calton Hill, a lovely little hillside park well worth a visit for a pleasant walk, interesting monuments, and outstanding views of Edinburgh.
Howie's just up the street is a good restaurant for dinner, btw.
And head up North Bridge for a wide selection of cheap eats (which we didn't discover until our last day).

Although the building dates back to the 1800s, the rooms are very modern and have contemporary decor.
Spa on -1 floor has all the basic services you'd expect to relax after touring the city.
Ask the front desk to visit the roof on a clear day to get 360° pictures of the city.

Whaouh !
Le meilleur hôtel de Grande Bretagne peut être !
Pour 80€ la nuit : un appartement design de 40m2 donnant sur Princes st au cœur d'Edinburgh.
Vue sur la vieille ville, calme, appart très bien équipé, propre, moderne.
Le Wifi évidemment pour laisser vos avis sur Yelp ;-) Marks and Spencer à deux pas pour remplir le frigo :-)  Enjoy !

