I needed to have some work done on my car and dealership quoted almost double of what I paid here!
I'm glad that I stopped by this place.
+ Good pricing on tires + Very friendly staff  + Nice new store

after a very bad experience at another place, I went to Big O Tires and they were so helpful and knew what they were doing!
They gave me a great price and I love the staff!

Guy at the front was very nice and helpful.
Only negative is oil change and tire rotation took a while.
The guy gave us a coupon because it took so long.
I will go back here!

Bring your car here.
Tlalways honest good service....only place in town.
My wife brought her car in because of electrical problem.
Thought we were going to have a huge bill.
They checked it out and I don't know what they did but they fixed it in 10 min and didn't charge her.
They're the best

Sorry to report a bad experience here folks.
I had an emergency blow out on my boat trailer while driving it to storage.
It was late in the day so no time and waste - drove to nearest place - Big O tires on Rainbow & Warm Springs.
Upon entering the store about 5 pm on a Tuesday, they were not busy at all.
One tech was at one register using his phone, the clerk was talking with 2-3 other friends that came in.
I waited patiently for about 10 minutes with no one responding to me.
Finally the clerk asked if I needed a tire for my boat, I responded yes just one trailer tire comprable to my existing tires.
I felt like I was bothering him, he clearly wasn't interested in working.
He charged me about $100 for the tire out the door - mount and balance.
I was happy to be on the road again.
The next day I was looking at the rest of the tires and decied a set would be better as well as upgrading my rims.
After shopping around over the phone I found a good deal on 3 tires and was on my way to pickup.
Upon arriving at the other tire store, I was informed by them that the tire that was installed due to the blowout was not a trailer rated tire.
Needless to say I was shocked and suprised, I'm not a tire expert and trusted they would installl the correct tire.
I immediately called Big O and they told me to come down.
I returned with the tire and was shocked when the same clerk that helped me the day before told me that "this tire was not sold and installed to me by their store".
So basically they were accusing me of buying a tire, mount and balance and the next day returning with a different mounted to the same rim and asking for a refund.
The clerk was rude and said "it was impossible for me to have received that tire from them.
"  I asked to speak with his manager who was at a different store, that individual asked me to bring the tire over to his summerlin store.
I did and he refunded me the cost of the tire but not the mount and balance.
He also had the audacity to make sure I came back to him to buy my next set since he was doing me a favor by taking the tire back.
I don't get it, they sell me the wrong tire, call me a liar, short me $10 mount fee and he's doing me a favor.
Geez.....
I would drive on a sparking rim before I ever go back to Big O again.

I drive a minimum of 130 miles a day, so my car is very important to me.
I've done business with Big O many time over the years.
Pretty much every visit to every Big O has been relatively painless.
Today I was filling up my tank at a gas station down the road and noticed something very large hanging from the bottom of my car.
I wasn't able to see what it was.
Luckily, Big O was right down the street.
I stopped in and asked them if they could throw it on the rack to take a look at... hoping it was nothing too major.
Luckily, it ended up being a plastic cover that goes over the brake and fuel lines.
They re-secured it and sent on my way with no charge.
While under the car, they also notice a couple other small issues that need to be addressed in the near future.
I will be back to get those things fixed in the next couple days.
Thanks guys!

So I went back today to take care of the other issues needing to be addressed.
Once again, the guys had my car on the rack within minutes.
They called me out a couple of times to show me what they doing (I think keeping your customer informed of everything is very important).
Because of the amount of work needed, it too a while - 3 hours.
But the car is running and shifting smoothly and I'm back on the road with no problems.
Thanks again to the Big O guys.

Brought in SUV & sedan and knew what I needed and even thought I needed other work.
They didn't over price on services.
Its a national wide company that's been around a long time.
I'd almost recommend except they said I needed a a new fan clutch and showed me.
looked and sounded convincing, however wife's car wouldn't start and I was close to the Nissan dealership and had them check everything out.
They said the fan clutch is fine.
Just saved me at least $200.

So... maybe I should've waited before reviewing this Big O.
If you're going for tires, rotation, wheel balance, or alignment, I  would go to Big O.
If you need any other service, like an oil change or transmission fluid change, you may want to go somewhere else.
One of the services they performed in my car was a transmission fluid change.
I have a vehicle with a CVT transmission, which is a little different than a normal automatic transmission and requires a special tranny fluid.
Soon after the service, my transmission fluid overheated numerous times.
I went back to get it looked at and they couldn't find any issues.
Well, it continued to happen so I took it into the dealer to have it looked at.
After examining the car and the paperwork from Big O, it turns out the wrong transmission fluid was put it.
WOW!
I had the dealer swap it out in hopes of saving the tranny.
After that, I went back to Big O to tell them the problem and ask for the money I paid to them and the money I paid the dealer to get the mistake fixed.
The situation has gone to corporate.
I've been told I'll receive everything I asked for in a couple weeks (I got the check).
I was told by Brian, the store manager, they did nothing wrong, even though the service records show otherwise.
He more or less tried to blame the situation on me.
That's fine, I'll take the blame.
It's my fault for thinking a tire store can do anything other than tire maintenance.
I know better for next time.
Anyway... Be very careful with who you allow to service your vehicle.
Like I said, if you're doing something with the tires, wheels, or alignment, Big O is the place.
DO NOT have them do anything else!
As for the tranny now...
So far, so good.
We'll see how long it holds up.

My passenger side window would not roll up.
All they did was spray it was something and sent me on my way.
They didn't even charge me.

Went there few months ago to get price for 2tires then went again to get the tires & the guy gave me attitude and he seams like they don't even wanna work by saying we don't have this tires, they could order it from somewhere else or at least offer to do that like the guy from few months ago which I believe he was the store mgr.

Ryan was awesome!
Friendly phone conversation.
Friendly quick service.
Kept word about service fees over the phone.
Thumbs up from me!

Pulled a nail and repaired my tire in 30 min...didn't even charge me.
Guys here were pretty nice!!

Great shop for anything with tires/alignment.
They were super honest with me, even about things other shops had lied about.
Being a woman, I really appreciate this.
I'm used to being swindled by mechanics (but now I read car magazines, so joke is on them).
The only reason I'm not giving this 5 stars is because it took a lot longer than what they said.
I had made plans around the time estimate they gave me, and ended up missing those.
I would've been OK waiting longer if they had just given themselves more time initially and let me know.
Overall, great job, nice guys, good work.

Vinny was great!
Even made my mother feel comfortable enough that they were working on her car, thanks guys!

I have been going here for about 3-4 years.
It is under new managment and let me tell you the manager is an idiot, dishonest, and will try to profit off you ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE FEMALE.
I know my shit about cars, as my parents own a mechanic shop and didn't really want to work on my car.
Trying to charge me 960$ on a oxygen sensor & coolant repair....
I called the dealership and their parts were in total 200-300 dollars less and the manager tried to say I was lying, and my coolant system was repaired by them last year spending about 1000$ and they claim they have nothing on file about it like I was making it up.
I went to other shops for quotes and they only quoted me 300-400 dollars for my "900 something dollar repair" so unprofessional, and dissapointed.
Never coming back again.

came in for a oil change because the other location on sahara put the wrong oil!
they put in a 20 weight thats the wrong kind 20 weight is for whe its freezing outside it was 120 degrees outside the manager lynolle said its good for when its hot he is so wrong!
so i took it here with the free oil chage coupon i got from thre corporate ofice cause he blamed the mistak eon his computer software liarliarliar!
you just tryed to mess up my car!
bad carma forsure   so i brought it here to the rainbow location some young guy with no front teeth got all mad cause i had a free oil coupon such a headache he tryed to say it was for regular oil only and he could only take off 10$ off   i would find a more honest place to buy tire and get a oil change the young kid with no teeth also said i needed repairs that i found would be unnessesarry  horrible experience!

Been here a couple times.
No problems whatsoever.
Made an appointment to get an oil change at 11:00am - at 11:15, noticed that the dude who came after me had his car driven into the garage.
I look at the parking lot and my car is still sitting there.
I ask the guy at the desk and he says my car is going in next.
So, at 12:30pm, my car is finally finished.
I think his name is Eric, was ringing me up - knew how long I'd been there and that I had made an appointment.
All I got was "sorry about the wait".
I hope you go out of business.

Words can't describe how wonderful this place is!
I came here when my new car was acting up, and noticed it was close to my house so of course I tried it out.
All I have to say is that I'm lucky I came here.
Marke is wonderful and literally saved my life.
I know that sounds hard to believe or cheesy, but he helped me with my new car as there were more things wrong with it than I thought.
He helped make the process of replacing a faulty fuel pump very easy, and gave me a very detailed list of other things that needed to be fixed so that I could take it back to the dealer to show them.
I am very lucky that everything worked out, but I am forever a loyal customer to this Big O Tires because of Marke and the rest of the very friendly and helpful staff.
Marke is straight to the point, and does what he can to help!
I feel like I get taken care of whenever I stop by to see them.
You will not be disappointed!

Verdict: Most of these guys are pretty cool and the work they do is fairly quick, yet very efficient.
*  *I caught one of them in a lie once though, as they said to me, "We don't charge installation for our carbon-based cabin air filters since they already cost so much..."   So first they say it costs $39.99 for the part and I refuse the offer.
He begins to walk away and says, "Last chance--I'll do it for $29.99!
" Second, I know for a fact cabin filters don't cost that much and doing the installation myself will save me time and money.
5 minutes later, he comes back and says that he just NOW looked up the price (how convenient--as I'm looking up the price on my phone on Oreillyauto.com, which sells the filter for $19.99), and he says to me, "So the part is actually $19.99... Last chance--do you want me to install it?
"   Needless to say--I declined one last time.
Why tell me it's going to cost $39.99 for the part and say you guys don't charge labor or installation, but then turn around and say it actually costs $19.99?

I had lots of choices when it came to finding a tire service shop.
I chose Big O because of accessibility in most city's and towns.
I'm particularly impressed with this store because of their service with an eye for detail.
I had the wrong kind of tires on my truck.
Mark and his team were quick to replace them with the correct heavy duty rated tires.
My truck now handles great in all types of terrain.
Thanks Big O.

RIP OFF tryed to charge me 2500 they said my steering was gone it was just a leak in the power steering fluid cost me 60$ to fix What a rip off the guy had bo teeth some younger guy No wonder the punk has no teeth someone probably knocked them out cause hes a liar

I have had my car serviced here 3 times now.
They have the best customer service and are not trying to sell you on services that you don't need or ask for.
A+ service and the integrity of the company and employees that run the place are exceptional.
It's hard to find a honest shop that's not going to rip you off.
Quick speedy service.
Thank you for being awesome!
BIG O TIRES on rainbow.
3 thumbs up.

Went in @ 5:19 for an oil change, the guy behind the desk straight up said "not today" and just looked at me, then asked me to make an appointment.
15 mins prior to me coming in I called and asked if I needed to make an appointment and they said no just come in.
So rude!

BIG LOSER TIRES!!!
I went in today for a simple Oil Change and Tire Rotation.
I waited 90 minutes, over paid ($71.33) and was then being told I had over $1700 worth of problems with my car.
I casually just said no and I'll take my keys.
In shock that I denied their help, they gave me my keys, and I left.
But an hour I left I realized my car sounding worse.
Got out and discovered the following  They DID NOT rotate my tires because, their excuse, was I needed one new tire and I needed a new one.
What they don't know was I just bought new tires 2 MONTHS AGO, I'm no expert but my tire was PRISTINE!!!
And worse, They didn't even check the tire pressures.
Just because they think I need a new tire DOES NOT MEAN YOU NEGLECT MY TIRES ALL TOGETHER!!!
And here's the big issue: I found that I was missing a bolt to my car rim.
They denied that It was their fault.
What they didn't know is that I take pictures of my car before I go into shops.
Guess what, I HAD THE BOLT GOING INTO THE SHOP.
It wasn't missing beforehand, why now.
I showed them the picture which was taken in front of their parking lot.
They then began to yell at me and want to charge me $32 for a new bolt.
You heard me, THEY YELLED AT ME!!!
I couldn't believe the SCUM working there.
THEY ARE THE BIGGEST JOKE IN VEGAS!!!
DO NOT GO, YOU WILL REGRET IT!!!
Btw, I went down the street to Auto Zone to get the bolt they wouldn't give back to me.
Bought 5 new ones for $6.
:)  FUCK BIG O TIRES!!

I've been going to this particular location for years, and I'd never been steered wrong (see what I did there?
)  But seriously, even though I'm a women they have never talked down to me or treated me like I was stupid and didn't know what I was talking about.
I get my oil changed here regularly, and they always let me know if anything is going on that I should worry about.
They also tell me about how long I can wait to get it fixed, most places would just tell me they won't let me leave without doing it right now.
The guys working here can be considered a little gruff at times, but overall they are very caring individuals under it, you just have to overlook the tone.
I've grown to love their sass, they are great guys.
They have also told me when it would be better to go directly to the dealership, which is also admirable.
I'd suggest anyone go to Big O, and to this location in particular.

