I Love Vegas Royalty because I buy anything that has crowns on it.
I love anything that is black and sparkly.
I am a fan of Vegas Royalty.
I also love the name.
I am going back to that store the next time I am in Vegas.

The one star is for the Vegas Royalty in the Mandalay Place Shops between the Lu xor and Mandalay Bay.
How rude can you treat a customer when she comes in!
I looked at all the shirt and then i always go too the sale rack to see if anything cute.
i saw a shirt I like and it was in a Medium; so I ask the sale gal if they had it in a large in the back and brought me something completely different and told me that big girls like me should not shop here or ask for a proper size like XL.
How upset I got...I threw the clothes on the floor and left.
I am not a plus size girl not am I a skinny girl.
I wear a Large and worked very hard to shed pounds to get too that point.
(went from a size 22 to a 12)   from now on I will only shop at the Miracle miles Vegas Royalty shop; I always get great treatment there!

I received an apology letter from the owner of the company.
They were appalled at the treatment I received and planed on taking action on this particular employee.
I wasn't the only one that this happen too; my complaint was the final straw!
I appreciate the concern for there customers and  feelings.
It made me feel good to get a sincerely heart felt apology and would do anything to get my business back.
I will not return to the shop in Mandalay Place but will continue my business with Vegas Royalty in Miracle Miles Shops.

This place has the best, tackiest, party clothes.
I bought a tattoo shirt to wear for Halloween and it was only $40.
Other places on the  Strip were charging $200+ The staff is helpful and friendly.
The managers are willing to deal and will mix and match sales, anything to make a buck!

I shopped there in October 2011 and I found lots of nice clothes with good customers services at the one in Mandalay Bay.
However I shopped at the one in the Mile shop in October 2013 and it was very disappointing.
There were no type of clothes that I bought before , no price tag on any clothes, all sale are finals.
My bf bought 7 shirt with a receipt of 640 $ !
No price list of everything on the receipt.
The price came out 3 times more expensive than before.
Because we were in a hurry to go to a show so I didn't verify how much of each shirt cost (I regret about it now ) When I looked at the receipt later, it say all sale are final.
No wonder why the one in the Venetian went out of business.
There was not any customer in the store when we shopped there.
There were lots of customers in the store when we shopped in 2011.
Just feel like they try to rob ppl !

