Our daughter goes to this school and the staff are excellent.
Flexible scheduling and great core program that is age based.
They use classroom time and play time to teach and allow students to grow into the material that is in the curriculum.
We love this place!

I worked at Weekday School briefly (1 1/2 yrs) and that was too long!!
The staff is so unprofessional, uneducated, and don't care about the kids, just care about what they can get away with.
Jessica Koch and Jessica Fifer (the toddler "teachers") have a tendency to leave campus while the kids are napping so they can go tanning, leaving at most 1 "teacher" in charge of 30+ kids.
Once a child began seizing while left unattended and when the staff finally saw her and called 911- they couldn't tell the fire dept how long the 15month old girl had been seizing for.... and you pay them....for what???
I would warm any parent about this "school" - they defiantly put up a good front, but be warned, that's all it is!

Our son attended Weekday School for 4 years through pre-K.  We had a wonderful experience there.
Every teacher he had was genuinely caring, nurturing, and invested in early education.
Administration took an active role in the classrooms and were always available to listen to concerns and address any issues we may have had.
After moving on to kindergarten, I can honestly say we still miss Weekday School and all of the staff there.
Could not have asked for a better experience for our son.

I am writing this review in hopes that any prospective families will not be deterred by the negative review that was recently posted about Weekday School.
I am a former teacher and parent of two children who attended Weekday full time.
So first let me express my feelings about Weekday from a former employees prospective...
I was in charge of running the infant room, ages 6 weeks to 4-6 months depending on the development of the infant.
This was my first time working in a daycare setting, but I had extensive experience as a caregiver.
This was by far the best job I have ever had.
Coming to work everyday was a joy and the staff there became a second family to me.
The babies in that room were loved and treated as my own children, with unconditional love and attention.
This was the standard for all the rooms/teachers and staff.
My room as well as the school passed D.H.S annual inspection with flying colors.
Every year I attended work shops to enhance my knowledge and skills on infant development.
I also was able to work in other classrooms with different age groups while "floating".
My goal was to provide loving care to the infants whie their parents are away.
While conducting tours for prospective families I wanted to ensure my parents especially the mommies that this was the best place they could leave thier children.
I feel that I succeeded in that goal especially since my room was running at full capacity.
The infant program had a great reputation and since Weekday does not advertise like most other preschools/daycares do, the majority of the families were reffered by parents.
Nop as a parent of two children who attended Weekday for 3 years.....  My son and daughter both attended weekday.The best way to describe their experience was, that they were loved.
The staff was incredible and knowledgeable.
As with most preschools there is always a high turnover rate.
That is not the case here.
The majority of the teachers have been there well over 10 years.
My son was being cared for by the teachers that were described as Ms. "K" and Ms. "R".
I could not have asked for more womderful women to have providing care for my son.
All of the teachers are knowledgable and nurturing.
The school is clean and well maintained.
The administrative staff are accessible and have no problem helping out in a classroom when needed.
I would just like to ad that there is a reason that this school has been around for as long as it has.
Its reputation is impeccable and if you were to ask any of the families past and present I am sure that they will agree with me in saying, that when it comes to entrusting someone with the well being of their children that you will not find a better place than Weekday School.
I miss it dearly and highly reccomend it to anyone who is looking for exceptional care for their little ones.

My daughter had a WONDERFUL 4 years at Weekday School and I'm looking forward to enrolling my son next year.
I can't say enough good things about the warm environment the management and the teachers created.
It says a lot about the dynamics of a preschool when they keep so many of the same fantastic teachers on the payroll for years and years and years.
One teacher retired, while my daughter attended, and she had taught there for over 40 years.
Happy teachers = Happy kiddos.

We've had our son at the Weekday School since he was eight months old.
In that time, he has been through four different rooms.
He is now  28 months old.
We have always been extremely impressed with all of the staff here.
We get little mini written reports at the end of each day.
When our son has been hurt, we always get accident reports.
(He's an active little boy - accidents do happen!
)  They have grass for the children to play on.
The playground is segregated by age with real fences.
The other reviews are spot on regarding the quality of staff here.
This place has a 20+ year reputation for quality.
In my opinion, here are the tangible benefits from having our son here:  -they taught him basic sign language (please, more, thank you, milk, etc...) -there is a big focus on positive socialization.
He shares well (he's an only child), and now he always says "please" and "thank you".
(remember - he's currently only 28 months) -He can recognize the entire alphabet (they do daily exercises for this) -He can now count to 20

