Thank you, Joel for an excellent job cleaning carpets for our new house.
The green cleaner you used really made a difference for our allergies and we appreciate it.
Good customer service begins with the telephone conversation and Joel and Netty were both great.
They returned phone calls in a timely manner as well as listened to our needs and all the questions.
The attention to detail is great all the way around.
There were no hidden costs and the price you are given is what you will pay.
No surprises.
We will definitely use Riggs Carpet Services again and we have already told our friends.
Great positive attitude and a very thorough cleaning.
Thank you!
Karen & Terry

We've used Joel & Netty at Riggs Services for years, for doing both our home, and our business, carpet and tile cleaning.
Riggs Services does the very best carpet and tile cleaning that we've ever encountered, and they are very reliable too!
We highly recommend Riggs Services!
Lyle & Sharon

So if you have children and animals you know how bad the carpet gets.
They came they cleaned and all my stains were gone and so was the pet smell.
I would always recommend them to all of my family, friends and strangers!

We had Riggs out to clean our very dirty and gross tile grout.
The light tan grout was probably not the best choice and after 8 years, it was dirty and dark from all the traffic and spills.
We didn't want the grout to be 'painted', we wanted it cleaned.
Joel worked his magic and made the tile grout look fantastic!
We couldn't be happier with Riggs service.
They were professional, punctual and friendly.
Any time someone asks, I will recommend Riggs without a second thought.
Get Joel on any tough job and you too will be amazed at his excellent work.

As the Owner of 4 house dogs we always have the challenge of clean carpets.
We have had many carpet cleaners try and fail, stains, smells etc always come right back.
I call Joel the , "Carpetologist", because he knows how to clean and make sure they stay clean for months.
He uses all the right cleaners, pre treaters, spot treatments and it shows.
Thank you Joel and Riggs services for knowing, caring and more so just being HONEST!
You have customers for life here.
RIggs also does our radio station, guest house and all our properties.
We would not have anyone else.
Again Joel we thank you for making our carpet problems a thing of the past!
Now when people come to visit they don't think about messy dogs, they come and enjoy our company.
RIGGS is AN   "A++++++ Company, Highly Recommended.
"  Joe Carreiro, CEO - KQCK RADIO STATION.

August 1, 2012  This is the 3rd time Joel has cleaned our carpets.
His work is still as consistent and excellent as the first day we met him.
That says alot about a company and what they believe in.
Joel's products are always very good and they get the carpets clean, however that is not all there is to choosing a vendor to come into your house.
It's the Customer Service that Rigg's offers.
Netty and Joel always respond to my email questions or requests the same day or within 24 hours.
Occasionally, we have just had a question about our carpet or tile.
The tips they offer are so valuable!
Not only will they respond by email but when Joel arrives, he takes the time to listen first to our concerns and needs.
He then gives us his honest opinion and offers options to meet those needs.
We love that about Joel.
An example is, today we were discussing the best way to clean pet stains.
Again, Joel gave us suggestions we did not know.
Companies that offer Great Customer Service do so with little effort because that is what they believe in AND is a natural part of who they are.
Thank you Joel and Netty!
Karen & Terry

I have 3 small dogs that had just utterly trashed my carpets.
We're talking deep and frequent stains.
I honestly thought they were beyond repair.
I'd tried so many things from umpteen carpet shampoo machines to every cleaner under the sun and nothing even made a dent it was so bad.
Joel came and was here less than 45 minutes and my carpets are amazing.
They're actually white, who knew!?
I'm so grateful to him for making a better environment for me and my 18 month old son.
I will be recommending him to anyone who will listen!

Joel was on time and very friendly.
He looked at the areas to be cleaned and then he started working.
He was very respectful of my home and did a great job on the carpets!
I have four kids and two pets and my carpets were in serious trouble, Joel worked his magic and they look amazing!
I will use his services again and I recommend him!

I've been using Riggs Services for a few years for our personal home as well as for the properties that we manage.
They are affordable, reliable and do a fantastic job.

We had a huge spot in our carpet and have had 2 other carpet cleaning companies attempt to remove it, but each time it reappeared after a couple of days.
Riggs Services successfully removed the spot and charged us less money than both of the other companies.
Joel had a great attitude and gave us some great pointers on how to remove small spots on our own, we have 2 cats and a Labrador.

Very trustworthy business.
I've used their services multiple times now and trust Joel enough to leave and go to work without concern for my home.

I had Joel do my home today and I'm very impressed with the results, even more so how fast they were dry.
He was right on time, very respectful of my home and extremely professional.
4 hours later, my carpets are dry and look fabulous.
Not to mention the cleaning products he used on my carpets made it smell fantastic.
I recommend him!

New House + Old Dog = "Carpet Emergency".
Thank you Joel.
What a wonderful company.
Last minute phone call.
Same day service.
VERY reasonable fee.
You all are WONDERFUL!!
You truly saved the day.

Riggs Services is professional, courteous, on time and the results were perfect.
I'm thrilled with the service they provided and will certainly use them again.
I would recommend them to friends and family as well!

Riggs is amazing!
The one and only business or people I will allow in my house without me or a family member there!
Extremely respectful of my space and items.
Joel knows what needs to be done and gets it done.
He even locks my dogs outside for me so they won't escape while he cleans the carpets.
Talk about a full service carpet cleaning company!!
He even can get the oil spots out of my carpets in our automotive shops lobby!
He's a miracle worker!!

Excellent Family Owned carpet cleaning.
The owner is awesome.
Arrived on time, dressed professionally and announced who he was at the door.
He cleaned my carpets with care, did not rush the job, treated my problem spots and miraculously removed a sticky spot that seemed permanent.
Check out a promo video for Riggs Services, doing my stairs.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuoEGoleC40  I reside in a rental and the landlords installed the cheapest, worst brand new carpet on the stairs.
However, Riggs is VERY KNOWLEDGABLE about cheap and expensive carpet, and knew exactly what to do with it.
Riggs Services cleaned the carpet on the stairs so well and didn't break my pockets doing so.
Very very reasonable for such a fabulous job.
Used a black light and glasses to see where any pet stains were.
Offered me to see it for myself under the light.
Pet odor was gone after the carpet dried.
BY THE WAY, he suctions up as much wetness left after cleaning the carpet, so its not soaked.
VERY PLEASED with the smell, the final results and the quality of service.
His hoses and equipment did not scratch or destroy my baseboards; he took his time setting up everything and moving my personal items around.
Before he left, he cleaned up debris and anything that dripped on the tile.
FANTASTIC WORK and GREAT OWNERS.
Help build your local family - owned businesses.
Thanks Joel

I got the recommendation from a Facebook group (Higley Friends) for Riggs Services.
Joel came by today and did a fabulous job.
He is extremely professional and personable.
He was very respectful of our curious yet timid dog.
He was very open and honest and gave me some tips for the future on upholstery and tile cleaning.
Not at all pushy or "upselling".
I would recommend this company to any friend.

Rigg's was referred to me & thats how I like to do business.
I contacted the owner and we set up an appt for the next morning.
The morning of, the tech called me to inform me he was running late and asked if that was ok. Good customer service-Better knowing than waiting around and getting upset.
Showed up and was ready to work.
Very presentable and clean.
We set up the love seat and he was able to get all the questionable stains out of this gem I had found and purchased for a project.
Cost was $100 to clean a love seat so I believe that was pretty fair.
Overall, a wonderful experience & I will be referring them to anyone who seeks my advice.

