Wanted a reason to stop in.
Found one ...my granddaughter's dance recital.
Stopped in about 1:30 on a Saturday afternoon and explained what I needed.
I asked that the price not go over $20.
I ended up with a beautiful bouquet of lilies, snap dragons, a rose, and other assortment of fresh flowers.
The "stemmed" flowers had little "stemmed" water bottles put on (it was HOT outside).
The total bill was $19.95.
Supermarkets couldn't have done such a great job.
Love the look of the place and will most definately return.
Even for no reason at all.

I had a really bad experience at another florist in the area and had them come back and get their flowers.
I then did what my wife said I should have done in the first place: call Jennifer at Red Mountain Florist.
She did a fantastic job!
For the same budget I gave to the other place, she built a beautiful, rose-filled, giant bouquet for my mother-in-law (her birthday).
It was at least twice as densely packed as the other florist's attempt, plus had lots of gorgeous roses where the other one had none.
I've learned my lesson.
I will only use Red Mountain Florists from now on.

I posted this previously on Google:  Red Mountain Florist, Inc. was great.
Besides buying flowers at the grocery store on V-Day (almost always forgotten about and last minute), I had never actually ordered flowers before and didn't have a clue what I was doing.
They were super helpful and understanding and worked with me to find an arrangement that would be appropriate for the situation.
I will defiantly use Red Mountain Florist, Inc. again when ordering flowers in the Mesa/Phoenix, Arizona area.
Cheers guys, thanks again for your help!

Florists can be a huge gamble but this one delivered the same day I ordered and the flowers were incredible.
Very fresh and lasted for a week.
I will definitely use them again and recommend them to you.

I highly recommend Red Mountain Flowers.
I searched online for a florist in Mesa and chose them.
They produced a beautiful bouquet of flowers for my mother and delivered them.
She was thrilled with the arrangement and was so happy that the flowers looked stunning for over a week.
I will definitely be ordering from you again and you may find her ordering from you as well.
Thanks for an excellent job done.

Just placed an order while I was driving on I40, for delivery Monday.
Person answering phone very professional and helpful.
YELP is my help.

They must use a call center to place orders.
I missed placing an order by their cut off time by 8 minutes.
Refused to take an order but I can drive down to the store and risk them not being able to fill order.
If I had time to drive store to store looking for what I needed, I wouldn't have bothered calling in the first place.
If a business is going to use a call center to take orders and the cut off is done, then we should be able to reach the business to be able to find out if they can fill an order.
If you don't have time to answer my call, you don't have time for my money!

