I suffer from severe PTSD from a horrendous root canal at age 12.
I have panic attacks for routine cleanings and spending time in the dentist's chair for 'work' causes me sleepless nights before hand and even canceled appointments out of fear.
When I explained my issue to Dr. Ramsey, he was very understanding and took time to ensure that I was 'comfortably numb' from the anesthetic before doing anything.
He even paused frequently when he could tell that I was getting a 'panic attack'...
I was able to deep breathe and calm myself down.
I had absolutely NO pain in the 3 hours I spent in the chair today.
Do yourself a favor, make the drive to his office.
We live over 20 miles away and I will always go here.

Today  I had a great exfperience of all places at a   Dentists office!
I decided to try Founains Family Dental and my day oddly got better with evey person I spoke with.
Everyone is warm and welcoming making me very com fortable in choosing to come  here.
I needed considerable work and was very conscience of the expense I might  encure and how to handle it.
I needed not worry , they had a solution for that too.
I 'm able to get the work I need and at a very affordable monthly rate.
If anyone needs great care, this is the place.
TRUST ME!
LU L

I won't go anywhere else.
I was going to a large office near my work and was told I needed 4 crowns(old cavities) and because I hadn't had a cleaning in almost 2 years, I would need to have my teeth debrided.
Total was over 4,000.
I didn't have it.
A couple months later, I had a Groupon for Fountains(they offer it for new patients too $25 for exam, cleaning and xrays).
They did the cleaning right away, with no problem and said I only needed one crown, the rest could be restored.
My total was about 1,500, less than half.
They offer free second opinions with restrictions of having to bring in the estimate, their website has details.
They also have a discount program for people without insurance.
I started out with Dr Ramsey, but didn't care for him.
I felt rushed and he tried to push braces on me.
I switched to Dr Hansen, he is very kind and gentle.
I now have been a patient for about 3 years and have referred several friends.
They are all happy with Fountains.
They don't rush you or embarrass you for not having the greatest flossing skills.
The only negative is I really wish they offered evening or Saturday hours.

Very pleased!
I've been hopping denist offices since we moved from Mesa to Chandler and have had the WORST luck.
Until I got a flyer in the mail for Fountains.
$25 for new patient cleaning and exam, I thought I'd give it a shot since my family was due for cleanings.
I schedule cleanings for my 2 kids.
We arrived at the appt and we were warmly welcomed right away.
Some quick paperwork to fill out (bonus: they also have the new patient paperwork online so you can fill it out at your convenience) and then the hygenist Nicole came and took us back.
She was really sweet and great with the kids.
Then Dr. Ramsey examined them.
My daughter had a strange looking tooth on her x ray and he really took the time to explain to me exactly what it was and what my options were.
I really like this office because I feel that I was treated as if I had been going there for years and that they genuinely care about your health.
Dentists are a dime a dozen, especially in the east valley.
So it's nice when a practice doesn't look at you solely like you have dollar signs on your forehead.
That was nice.
(How sad that I'm actually so amazed at being treated like a human being at a dental practice!).
Furthermore, they have a very good in house dental plan for those who don't have dental insurance.
There is an enrollment fee and then you get your cleanings for $25 and 30% off other procedures.
I think I've finally found a practice I will stick with!

When I saw what a beautiful job Dr. Hanson did on my friends' teeth, I wanted to know who their dentist was.
I promptly made an appointment with Dr. Hanson, and it's the best thing I've done for myself in a long time!
This man is an artist and you can tell he is passionate about his profession.
He's already made a huge improvement in my smile in 3 visits.
I've never felt any pain in his chair in spite of having a wisdom tooth pulled, several fillings restored, and a new crown that was made right in their office with state of the art technology.
I highly recommend Dr. Hanson, and did I mention his staff is warm and friendly?
Thanks for referring me, Annie!
I couldn't be happier!

Bad experience.
They lost my son's appointment though I confirmed.
Not a good first impression.

I have been a patient of this dental office for a few years now and they have always been a quality dental provider, with a bit of a wait time.
I have always cut them some slack on the waiting time because quality is certainly more important.
Dr. Hanson has an excellent demeanor only surpassed by his passion and expertise in dentistry.
I did not think my opinion of this office could get any better until just recently.
I had an expensive veneer crack off my front tooth and was not looking forward to sharing my "35,000 BC look" (I work in Sales so appearance does matter) with customers suppliers and co-workers.
I called and Dr. Hanson was on vacation and I was going to have to wait three weeks.
The front desk Team then helped me get an appointment within two days and Dr. Kelly Wettstein was available to get me through this temporarily until Dr. Hanson returned.
Crystal and Erika at the front desk are excellent representatives of the business and are extremely helpful in all sorts of ways so I have to make sure to give them some of the overall credit!
This was my first experience with Dr. Wettstein and I never imagined I would be so impressed.
He took five minutes to device the best strategy, discussing with the dental assistant and allowing me to eavesdrop.
His goal was to get it done in the most efficient and least intrusive way, all while insuring a temporary replacement that was not only aesthetically satisfactory but also easily removed when Dr. Hanson returned to design and secure a permanent replacement.
I was amazed at how quickly he was able to get it done (with the help of their amazing dental assistant...I am so sorry, I can't remember her name but she is extremely knowledgeable, professional and very good at what she does.
She has glasses and blonde hair!
I promise to remember next time!
)  The temporary looked fantastic, felt good and was strong enough to chew without any discomfort.
I am still extremely impressed by Dr. Wettstein and his work.
A few weeks later when Dr. Hanson returned, I went back in for the permanent replacement.
Dr. Hanson is always very thorough, knowledgeable and professional but he also an artistic side and this is evident by his work.
He seems to have a very balanced and successful skill set combining quality dental health care knowledge and experience with cosmetic artistry.
A true professional with an obvious creative side!
In addition to doing excellent work, they also made it very easy and provide great value for the price.
Without giving up their secrets, they always try to help with financing or other unique ways to provide great care at a reasonable cost as they understand dental work can be a big expense.
This is just another reason I would recommend this particular dental practice...the list is getting long!
Thanks especially to Dr. Hanson and Dr. Wettstein!

Dr Henson is the best.
I have never seen any dentist who care so much about you and your teeth as much as him.
Service is beyond my expectation and he is very meticulous in reconstructing your teeth.
I have never been happier.
Highly recommended

