This place was small and had a small selection of EVERYTHING.
There are 10 better gun stores I could easily name off the top of my head.
I will NOT be back!

Great place to take a ccw class.
The staff was helpful Aaron my instructor explained all of the laws thoroughly and made me feel very comfortable about carrying concealed.
The guys in the shop are great too.
They helped me pick out a holster and explained in detail the pros and cons of each one.
Great prices, great products great knowledge.
I have and will continue to go back.

The class in general was fine.
I attended the CCW class because they had a deal on Groupon.
It was $39 for the CCW class which is valued at $150 and says that at the end of the course, we will be receiving a permit.
It DOES NOT state, nor does it clarify that there will be any extra fees.
However once at the class, everyone had to pay an extra $10 for the fingerprinting card AND $65 for the DPS fee.
So in the end, we had to pay $114 for the permit.
I realize that it's only $36 off from the regular cost, but it's still not much of a savings as they initially advertised.
I am extremely disappointed with them for posting such misleading information.
It should not have been "valued" at $150 if it really isn't!

Very poor customer service.
Paid a huge amount for them to ship a firearm and after a month of trying to get a status, they begrudgingly informed us that they did not have enough paperwork.
Got the paperwork and was promised a tracking number when they shipped the next day.
No tracking and then ignored repeated emails.
This shouldn't happen, no matter how busy someone gets.

Excellent class to get your ccw!!
Highly recommended.

As a few others have said, VERY bad customer service.
They are unnecessarily rude, and I'm a pretty patient guy.
I won't bother returning.
Ammo is cheaper at cabelas and guns are much cheaper at budsgunshop and have them shipped to a local shop.
Do yourselves a favor and find a different merchant or buy online so you can limit your exposure to douche baggery.

Having been to numerous other gun stores throughout the valley, I have a good barometer of how things go.
Historically, gun store employees are too cool for school, and treat customers like a necessary annoyance, rather than the purpose of their existence.
A friend of mine told me about Merchant Firearms, and raved about the selection, price, and service- so I checked it out.
I was looking for a Mother's Day present for my Mom (yah, she's cool like that) and was looking for a particular little gun.
I went to Merchant Firearms, and sure enough-they had the gun.
Not only did they have the gun, but the price was awesome.
That was enough for me to be happy, but the I was pleasantly shocked to see that the employees were genuinely nice, and didn't treat customers like they were shitheads (if you've been to the other places, you KNOW what I mean..)  A cool guy named Simon helped me with the gun, and answered a ton of questions.
When I selected the gun, Simon then had me input my info into a PC, so I could do all the paperwork electronically- which I thought was super cool, and fast.
While Simon was working on his part of that, another great employee (sorry I didn't catch his name) was showing me some of the super cool long guns, and other James Bond stuff they carry.
Even though I was buying an inexpensive little pea shooter, the guys treated me like I was family- and were just super nice and engaging.
I ended up picking up a couple other things I was shopping for, and I was shocked at the low, reasonable price.
One of the accessories was $18 at Merchant Firearms, but literally $50-60 everywhere else.
When I expressed my surprise and appreciation to Simon, he explained, "We want the prices to be fair- no one wants to walk away feeling like they got screwed.
" (unless you're at a bunny ranch- he is right).
Check out Merchant Firearms, and if you're like me- you will be a customer for life.
This place has everything, accept a shitty attitude towards customers.
I look forward to purchasing some more fun stuff over the years, and I will only shop at Merchant Firearms.

Herd about this place from a friend.
Decided to check it out right before closing time.
They had a few customers in the shop and I was greeted after a few min of looking around.
Asked about some ammo they had available and was impressed with how many choices they actual had.
All reasonably priced too, I might add.
Asked a bunch of questions regarding different things witch where answered with a friendly and informative responses.
Had a massive selection on hand and capable of plenty more.
All in all I'm very impressed with service, prices, quantity, and quality of merchandise.
Grade A store.
Will be returning often.

I had a great experience here.
There price was very fair.
Had great follow up on a 2 month long deal.
No fault of theirs.
Answered the phone every time I called.
If you help ask.

I purchased my first handgun here and it was a pretty painless process!
I got a decent price for my 9mm glock and have had no issues.
I love how it handles, shoots, and can't wait to make another purchase!
They have some of the best prices around, though sometimes you can find better online.
I liked my experience overall :)

