Nice, clean, friendly shop.
All the guys in there must be good because it was bustling!
Got a tattoo by Chilly and I absolutely love it!

Let me start with the good.
This is a VERY clean shop, with nice staff.
Decent prices.
I got a tattoo on my right calf on new years day and everything seemed to be just fine.
I followed all of the post-tattoo instructions, keeping the area covered with a very thin layer of Aquaphor as recommended by my tattoo artist, staying out of the sun, etc etc.
About two weeks after I got the tattoo i started looking up close on it and noticed that the 'artist' did a horrible job of filling the solid black tattoo.
Keep in mind this was a very simple all black tattoo, nothing intricate and not a lot of detail.
The edging seems to be okay, but the filling of solid black color looks terrible.
I'm going to have to have this redone already and its only april.

Awesome!
I first went there to get some touch ups on an existing full sleeve.
My artist Hanalei, their resident Polynesian master, did great work and I went back to have him do a custom chest and back piece for me.
So far I have had about 20 hours+ worth of work done there and their reasonable shop rate has helped out with that.
I would definitely go back.
Very clean, great artists and loud music.
It really has that feel like a "real" tattoo shop should.

I have been here twice.
First time my best friend and I had our noses pierced by Angie.
She is a hoot and did a great job!
We went back a month later to get matching tattoos and they turned out awesome!
Good environment, good music, great experience!

Been there for 2 tattoos by zo.
And my friend and mother had hana.
Great work, this is my goto shop for as long as I live in az.

Jack was my tatoo artist..
He was very professional.
light to the touch and he did a fantastic job.
The shop is a great atmosphere.
Jordan makes it go easier around the shop.
All the guys and girls there are a great shop.
highly recommend the shop.

I have been wanting to get my eyebrows tattooed since I'm tired of drawing them on everyday.
I met with and talked to Ronna and decided to go for it.
The shop was super clean and I liked the fact that she took great care to make sure that there was no cross contamination.
She was great about mixing the colors she had, to come up with the perfect color for me.
Ronna was great about starting off small then adding more as we went along so I could see the progress.
She even gave me different shape options.
She had a really light touch and between that and the numbing cream she applied I was barely uncomfortable.
The color was pretty dramatic the first few days but since color fades pretty quickly I am happily adjusted now.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this shop to anyone for any of your tattoo needs.

