I've been here twice now, it used to be Pug Mahone's.
They have a nice selection of craft beers and they've done a reasonably nice job with the interior.
The low rating comes from my experience on my second visit.
Wanting a late-afternoon burger, I sauntered over to Baldwin St.
Grille.
Upon entering I noticed immediately that it was quite cold, maybe 55 degrees and that the place reeked of smoke from the wood stove.
This is not what you want on a cold and clammy April day.
I sat down at the bar and noticed that everybody in the place was fixated on a soccer match, blaring from two large screen televisions, and that they all seemed to be somehow buddies with the owner.
I got no service until the owner directed the bartender to help me.
I ordered the special, the black and blue burger and fries.
The burger was absolutely excellent.
I can't complain about the food, but the cold was really getting to me and I was completely put off by the clubby atmosphere.
I felt very much like an outsider in some other guy's basement.
No one ever asked me how the food was, if I wanted anything else or if I wanted a second beer.
When I finally decided it was time to go, the bartender was busy dawdling at the other end of the bar, paging through a catalog and futzing with some other thing.
I would say that the experience was definitely one of the least professional restaurant serving/bartending experiences I've had and that the bizarrely cold, clubby, dark and oddly smoky atmosphere will keep me from going back again unless someone drags me there.

I fell in love with this place over the weekend.
On a recommendation from a friend, a group of us met up there for drinks and food on Saturday night.
The bartenders were great guys.
Nice, down to earth, and efficient.
The beer is cold and the mixed drinks are stirred to perfection.
While the outside may not look welcoming, the inside is clean, spacious, and has three big screen satellite TVs.
But, it's the burgers that created this review.
They're simple and delicious.
Try it on a poppy seed buns and with sweet potato fries.
Perfect bar food.
I couldn't ask for more.
My friend's recommendation was for the Friday Night Fish Fry which I'm excited to experience!

I love this place.
It's unassuming and while their food is certainly "pub food," it is pretty decent.
Especially the veggie burger- get it with a slice of cheddar.
Friendly and accommodating servers.
One night we were here with only 1 dude behind the counter taking food and drink orders, and we got everything exactly as requested and swiftly.
You should also try trivia on Tuesday nights!

Aeswome, craving for some sweet potato fries Sunday night.
I called and they had it ready in 3 min.
Good sweet potato fries!!!!
it was little pricy for a side of sweet potato fries....$4 or 5 bucks.
SO good!!!!

I was so excited when this place started up.
I live within a block and we need a neighborhood place with decent food and good drinks.
The previous incarnations in the location appeared to be coke fronts, or at least a dive so divey it could be a coke front.
I have been a few times now and on the good side it does not appear to be a coke front.
They have done a good job of cleaning the place up but removed the gross carpet meaning the floor is now concrete.
As a result it is loud.
I have been in at dinner time and it was ok till the turned on a sports game and it was blaring loud.
I have come in for drinks and it was ok until 10:00 when they turned up the juke box to ear splitting levels and conversation was impossible.
I have had food a few times, it was mostly good pub fare.
Madison has some great bar food and it is only average for here but in most towns the food would be great.
Service is iffy, generally no one seems to care much if you want to give them money.
We have sat for half an hour at dinner time and had to ask the bartender just to get a menu.
Oh and at one point a friend of the establishment had a dog in there.
And it ran around in the kitchen.
Unlikely to be a problem by itself but it makes ya wonder how careful they are with other food handling rules.
I guess I'll give it a try again at some point but so far, let down city.

What the hey!???
How come I have never heard of this place before?
Went here for a date night with my boyfriend (we've been together 13 years so date night is mostly about good food- less cheesy romantic sh*t).
The burger was delicious- buttery bun.
I had chili which was also wonderfully tasty.
The sweet potato fries were nice and crispy.
My whiskey coke was strong.
Decor is not fancy but who cares- food is good!
Bartender lady was super nice....not too overbearing- just whatever- I like that.
There is one pool table, some video gambling things.
Best of all- they have karaoke on Thursday nights.
I haven't checked out karaoke yet but gonna do it this Thursday.
Also, Tuesday is 25 cent wings- really yummy and cheap.
I love this place- one of my new fav places in Madison- truly local spot- if you like Caribou Tavern, you'll love Baldwin St.
Grille.

This place is great.
Renee is an excellent bartender and the chef puts out a good plate of food every time.
For the past reviews slamming the decor, it is a bar, so know that when you walk in.
But it still has great food and friendly service.
One thing... the karaoke on Thursday needs to go.
Thursday night football trumps karaoke.

This place has recently switched management, with a few new additions to the menu.
EXCELLENT fried pickles, sriracha mayo, fried mushrooms, and tater tots.
Becky is an excellent bartender and they have a good rotating selection of beers.
My only constructive criticism would be sometimes the kitchen closes too early (it can be hard to find good late night food in this neighborhood) and their glasses of wine are a little skimpy...but I guess it's not really a wine place!

Revisited three times in the last six months.
Very hit and miss.
One time, great bartender, reasonable noise level no problems other than it being a little hot.
Next time, walked in with a group and we all looked at each other and walked out because there was such a poop smell going on.
Plumbing problems?
I dunno but it was not worth staying to find out.
Had lunch there one time and it was fine pub food, without fecal odor.
I would visit often if the place was more consistent, was less loud and was not a sports bar.
But it ain't, so I don't.
Oh and after I put up my previous review someone at the establishment emailed me to offer a comp meal.
I don't think my opinion is particularly important, but it still seemed a little sketch.

It's a really hard call to make, but you've got my hard-won endorsement.
I've tried a hell of a lot of them, everywhere I could.
But didn't expect it to be at, of all places, some townie bar I ran in to in order to briefly avoid the snow.
Best Cheese Curds in Madison.

Big statement coming at ya.
You ready for this Madison?
Baldwin Street Grille has the best...
THE BEST food I've ever eaten at a hole in the wall type townie feeling pub.
And I'm not talking about just Madison!
Are they going to be Michelin rated?
No.
But what they're doing works.
It's just solid, and for me that gets 5 stars.
I ate.
And ate.
And ATE, so I feel safe saying something so strong having had their hand breaded deep fried mushrooms, Carolina Burger with sweet potato fries, mixed greens salad and hot wings.
I don't know why I was so ravenous, but I'm glad Robin knows a thing or two about cooking because everything rocked, and it's amazing that he by himself is able to turn things out so quick.
Ryan behind the bar is always up for some convo and will want to know your name.
Don't be scurrr'd.
Shake the guy's hand and get chatting.
Although your "bar burger" is going to be on a real plate, like a ceramic one, these two gents are anything but fancy.
The place is super chill, has enough TVs so everyone will be happy watching whatever it is that gets them going, and the equivalent of an ipod looking juke on the wall plays decent tunes on the cheap.
I had it in mind to grab a beer and maybe some fries but drank 3 and ate a third of the menu.
It's just a cool place to be and I hear their fish fry on Friday is bomb!

Dateline Wednesday, 5:30pm - our tummies were rumblin', our mouths parched, and our walkin' shoes were laced and ready to go.
Potential dining ideas/options were tossed around; none sounded good.
We arrived to the joint around 6:00pm; it was modestly full, but we snagged a high-top table.
The lone barkeep/waitress/server stopped by to see if we needed drinks.
The BSG had a decent happy hour drink special; $3 bottles of select brews and $4 pints.
We browsed the menu.
Everything looked good, but we had a few questions.
Q: Are the cheese curds fresh or house made?
A: No, they're ordered-in from a distributor  Q: Is the infamous black bean burger house made?
A: No, it's Morning Star's veggie burger.
Q: How's the Portabella sandwich?
A: Fantastic!
One of the favorites.
Alrighty - we placed our orders: a burger with cheese curds, two 'bella burgers, one with sweet potato fries, one with tots.
Giddyup.
The food took about 25-30 minutes to arrive; in the meantime we ordered a second round of drinks, did some people watching, and paid casual attention to a few of the large flat screen TVs that were broadcasting Good Eats by Alton Brown.
When the food did arrive, it looked great.
The rectangular ceramic plates were a nice touch; the portions were about perfect, if not a little too big.
John's burger disappeared in about 2.5 minutes, so I'm assuming it was tasty.
We sampled a few of his cheese curds and while they were good, there are definitely better curds in the city (i.e., house made).
The Sriracha aioli dipping sauce was delish.
The portabella mushroom "burgers" (there's no meat on them) were excellent - large, plump, and juicy.
They featured a tomato slice, provolone cheese, fried onions, and a little basil.
The sweet potato fries were sweet, slightly battered, and just a little bit soggy, but were still great.
The tater tots were super crispy and absolutely superb.
Service remained excellent throughout our time there; the crowd seemed pretty relaxed and easy going.
Our tab arrived; we paid and left quite content with the experience.
Baldwin Street Grille = WIN  Food = 3.75 stars Service = 4 stars Value = 3.75 stars MISC = 4 stars  Great neighborhood bar with decent tap offerings, solid food, good service, and a great little vibe.
This may become a regular hangout for me.
Geekysteve, out!

Stopped in here on a Tuesday night and was not disappointed.I had the BSG Wrap and my boyfriend the Philly.
The food was excellent and the service fantastic.
Our bartender/server was friendly and prompt.
Decent beer/wine prices, and the wine wasn't bad for a small bar.
Only complaint was our table was pretty sticky.
Will definitely be going back here!

I was very impressed by the food at Baldwin Street Grille.
I went for breakfast with my boyfriend last Sunday.
Our waitress was super friendly and had great recommendations.
My boyfriend ordered the special Peach Cobbler French Toast, which was amazing!
The chef came out and checked in to see how our food was, and proceeded to explain his inspiration for his creation.
This place is a hidden gem!
I will be returning in the future for breakfast and to try dinner :)

Fish fry update - visited on 10/11/13.
Met a friend for fish; the bar wasn't terribly busy - I'd say maybe 50% full.
Unfortunately, a 50% full BSG may be a bit much for one waitress to accommodate.
Our service was slow and spotty throughout the meal.
Fish options include fried cod or fried perch.
We both opted for the perch and upgraded the side to BSG's infamous sweet potato fries.
The food arrived after about 15-20 minutes.
Neither the fish nor the fries were served piping hot.
The fish was just slightly greasy and had just a little more chewiness than what you'd expect from perch.
The breading was decent, but slightly soggy.
If I had to venture a guess, I'd wager that our plates had sat for a bit before being presented.
$10 gets you four average sized pieces of perch, some sweet potato fries, two small containers with tartar and slaw and a piece of italian bread (ours were a bit stale).
Our waitress forgot to bring a round of refills; we declined when she remembered as we were grabbing the check.
You could do a lot worse in terms of fish frys; this one's not bad, but it wasn't particularly outstanding.
I'd definitely revisit.

My new favorite Saturday afternoon hangout.
The service is great (Jess on the weekends, the owner at night, and the rest of the staff are all nice and helpful).
The cheese curds and fried mushrooms are awesome, especially with the curry ranch.
I love the bloody Mary bar, one of my favorite bloodys in Madison.
A laid back place where I hang out with friends for a few hours.
The bar is starting contests and traditions that will keep it a staple place for me.

Decided to try something new so I stopped here after work on a Tuesday night.
The bartender was very attentive, service was quick, and the food was excellent.
The smoked Gouda mac & cheese bites are life-changing - these alone are worth going back for.
BSG is definitely a dive bar but it is very well kept and the kind of place I would be a regular at if I lived on that side of town.
Highly recommended!

Unassuming and a totally townie bar- give it a chance because you won't be disappointed- get the burger- the Carolina or Juicy Lucy.

