This place is great!
The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is nice.
I went in for a trim and came out with tips and advice for my hair, and the prices are good.
I am definitely going to be a Rock-A-Do regular now.

Have been here twice for a haircut and I'm thrilled to say I have found a great place and a great stylist, Lacey!
I am so happy that someone finally knows how to cut my hair.
Give them a try, you won't be disappointed!

jjesus always hooks it up on the hair cuts and gave me the style that got me out of the friend zone

OMG!
I just got my hair done  @ rock a.do & am so exstactic about how awesome my hair turned out!
I have been to many places & hair stylists with leaving unhappy but not this time!
I have lived in many places,cali,utah etc..Blanca is the best!
I decided to look on yelp to find a good stylist and found rock a do & to go to BLANCA that was recommended, i made an appt.
with her & the minute i sat in her chair i felt so comfortable with her,she was so inviting,friendly,knew how to communicate anything about my hair!
I wanted platinum blonde,which was hard for other stylist to accomplish and with a good cut,BLaNCA nailed it!
I found the love of my life for my hair!
Yes!
I recommend Blanca!
Angela

I was searching for a new hair stylist.
Got my hair cut and colored and my eyebrows done!
Fabulous Blanca Rocks!!!!!!
Customer service is awesome Very nice Salon.
They know what they are doing.
Prices are also fair all my services for under $100.00

I have been going to Rock-A-Do for the last two years.
I have not let anyone else cut my hair since then!
They are the friendliest, nicest and most welcoming hair studio in Vegas.
I recommend Blanca and Jesus.
I bring my whole family here and no where else.
Highly Recommended place and I love it.

This place doesn't even deserve one star.
I only selected one star because I had to in order to complete this post.
The staff didn't greet us as we walked in nor have us any indication as to how long the wait would be.
Thy are far from personable and have absolutely so PR skills.
We waited for a half an hour and felt as if we weren't welcome there or they didn't care about our business.

I love this place!
The Staff knows what they are doing!
and I love the decor they have!
The prices are great, and they really know what they are doing!
I don't think i'm going to be going any where else to get my hair done but here!
Completely recommened that you visit this place at least once,and you'll see how great they are!!

I needed an up-do in a pinch, they were able to squeeze me in within an hour!
They saved the night and I was stunning with my amazing victory roll up-do :) I'll be back for sure!
They're also hiring stylists right now so if you're a stylist and need a job, this is an awesome salon!

Blanca is the best :) my first time going to Rock A Do she cut my hair the way I wanted I'm so happy with my new look I will be comeing back :) thanks Blanca

I found Blanca via yelp when I first moved here for my Mom.
We were new to Vegas and I was so used to having Yelp's help with finding good hair people..Problem is this towns salons lack QUANITY reviews but Blanca had quality so I sent my Mom in as a our tester..
I AM SO THANKFUL I did.
Blanca not only has done a excellent job on my Mothers hair.
She is now our go to for the whole family.
I am the Mother of  Bi- Racial children who were blessed with a unique type of hair.
Not the typical small curls but ALOT of poof and blonde under tones so my son's hair looks TERRIBLE if it is put into a fade.
Upon hearing about the horror stories I encountered when first arriving here Blanca was able to tell us EXACTLY what to do with his hair.
She did a WONDERFUL job and she is GREAT with kids.
Now as far as my hair goes..
I HAVE THICK HORSE STYLE HAIR.
I have wanted highlights for so long but nobody has EVER been able to get it right until Blanca.
Not only that but she did Low lights too and does AMAZING STYLING.
BEST YET SHES FRIENDLY and LISTENS and she is Affordable.
Please if you are looking for someone you can trust that is loyal to her clients and knows her craft give her a try.
Keep in mind her QUALITY never is Compromised so sometimes you may have to wait a bit if a appointment runs over but its WORTH THE WAIT!!!!!
Everyone else in the shop seems friendly and awesome too.. No complaints..
I am so BLESSED to finally have found a Salon I TRUST

I had recently moved to the North side of town and wanted to get my hair cut back to how I had it before moving to Vegas in general.
I went onto yelp this morning to find a place nearby and came across Blanca.
To be honest when I walked in I felt out of place but after a few minutes I became more comfortable.
She listened to what I had to say and she did an excellent job compared to how I had it back in Cali!
I will definitely bring going back to her when the time comes!
The prices are great and the atmosphere wonderful!

I'm in love with the new guy Ricky.
He did awesome job on my babes hair and the prices are awesome.
I will definitely be telling my friends.

I booked an appointment and let them know that I would be doing a cut and color.
I fully expected them to know their time limits for it.
After arriving about 10 minutes early, my stylist wasn't even there yet.
Once he did show(which wasn't much later), he had to be told he had an appointment(he wasn't aware he had one).
Once I was in the chair, the other person who had greeted me left for the day.
The salon also took walk-ins, so while he was coloring my hair, he was also answering the phone, signing people in, and seating them in chairs so he could work like an assembly line.
I asked where other stylists were, he explained that the owner only booked 2 for the afternoon and the other one wouldn't be in for an hour.
I wouldn't recommend this place if your going to be doing anything more than a cut.
The stylist ended up doing 3 color jobs at the same time as me.
The color was not stellar, but wasn't horrible.
I could of done the same at home.
I only gave it two stars because the stylist was friendly and kept his cool, despite being extremely over booked.

I had made an appointment for 9:30 am with Jesus.
I show up around 9:20.
Was greeted by him, he confirmed with me about my appointment and what I needed to be done (simple wash and trim).
Mind you there was already someone in his chair, let's call him mark, so I'm thinking okay this guy must've gotten here earlier.
So after 30 minutes (9:50 am) he finishes the guys cut and cashes him out.
So of course I assume I will be next since it was already past my appointment time.
Not the case.
He then took "mark's" friend into his chair and started to cut his hair.
I only assumed that these were regulars or family members by the way they were speaking.
10 minutes go by and he looks over in the waiting room, at this point I'm staring right at him, like hello!!
He then speaks to another guy sitting on the couch nests to me and says "you need one too right?
" And the guy says yes.
So he planned on cutting all those dudes hair before me.
I was so irritated that I just got up and left, at that time it was 10:10 am.
What's the point of making an appointment if they're not going to take you at or around that time?!
He could've at least said something like "hey sorry but these guys were here before" or anything really would've made me be more understandable!

Blanca is amazing!!
She really listens and is super sweet!!
My cut, and color are so beautiful!!
Hands down the best cut and color since moving to Vegas!

