I hired Keith install 2 spot lights on the side of my home and change out a switch to an automatic timer on my exterior lights.
The total cost was very reasonable considering he climbed into my attic to install the lights and run the wire through the wall so that my switch looked installed very clean.
I was surprised how little time it took him and his extensive knowledge of his work.
I also found out he has running his own electrical company for the past 20 years in New York and is starting a branch out here.

I hired Top of the Hill Electrical services since a friend had them out to his house and said they were reasonable and did their job well.
They showed up a few minutes early and Keith and Chris got right to work.
They installed a large TV stand in the wall of my Master Bedroom, hung the 48 inch TV, installed a new outlet & cable receptacle up high behind the TV.
They did a great job!
I felt that they respected my home and furnishings.
I will definitely call them again!

Wow!
What a great electrician!!
I am very happy my friend recommended this company to me, cause it saved my a lot of time and headache!
These guys really know their stuff!
Thank you and great job!

Keith installed 3 outlets for me.
He was prompt, courteous, professional, and reasonable.
Great service, great experience!
I would absolutely use him again for any future electrical needs!

Great work!!
I had my entry way rewired removed my recessed cans and installed a chandelier.
Rewired my pool room... No problems, fast and friendly!!!

Keith was friendly, on time and professional.
Will definitely use him again!

Yesterday at 4:30 PM,  a bulb exploded in the bathroom.
Power was gone.
I checked the fuses.
All were good.
Checked everything I could think of but still no power.
Called Keith at Top of the Hill Electric.
I got his name from Yelp by asking for top rated electricians.
After explaining to Keith the problem, he said he was working on a project till about 8:00 but would stop by afterward on his way home,  How impressive is that?
I expected that he'd put me off until the next morning at the least but same day?
Anyway, he arrived a little before 8:00 and set to work.
In no time he'd found the problem and fixed it.
All this was simply amazing but more amazing was the very reasonable bill he presented me with.
Seems his day started at 6:00 am and here he was working at past 8 pm.
How tired he must have been but he put his customer first.!
Fast, dedicated service and reasonable price!
What more can you ask?
Thank you Keith and thank you Yelp for putting us together.

