I pulled in around 2pm yesterday after debating whether to go to Purrfect Auto and take them up on their $9.99 smog check, but went with this place due to bad reviews on the competition.
I pulled up to the little hut that had two parking spaces devoted to the service and the guy came out who was really nice.
I popped the hood and he said it would take about 5 minutes.
True as his word it took about 5 minutes.
He plugged in some wires to my fuse box to get the cars info, started up the car and he was done.
No gimmicks or having me wait a long time to get the work done.
I showed him the coupon as he was doing the service and he told me it would be $15.99 with cash and $16.99 with credit card.
The surcharge didn't bother me because the service was hassle free and the company actually printed new coupons charging $17.99 for the service.
Will definitely go back!

Took 4 minutes and only cost me $20.
Best smog experience yet!

Awesome place, it took less then 5 minutes, the guy was really nice, it only cost $20.

Located in the Rebel parking lot on LV Blvd.
Beware: this place charges a $1 surcharge for credit/debit card transactions.
The technician, an older gentleman, was very cordial and did the check in less than 5 minutes.
Will definitely return.

This dude rocks.
I was in and out in less than five minutes.
As soon as I rolled in, he noticed I have a hybrid and asked me what model year it is.
As soon as I responded with 2007, he knew my car was due for its first smog check in six years of ownership.
With the coupon I printed from their web site, I only owed $18.
The only thing that could have been better is if my car never ever ever had to get smogged.

Excellent!
Had my car smog'd and it was perfect.
Owner is obviously a pro.
You're in.
You're out.
And $20?
What a deal!
I wish more service establishments were this solid.

Had very limited time today to get a smog done on my 1988 Ford Mustang GT 5.0, they were open the day after 4th of July and there was no lines.
The gentleman who helped me was very fast and courteous.
It took about 20 minutes from start to finish.
He said $20.00 for cash or $21.00 with credit card.
I opted for cash, but my smog was a pass!

