this is probably one of the best workouts to do, whether in shape or not.
Eric is awesome and can tailor an exercise to suit your individual level.
try it once, and you will be instantly hooked.

Best gym ever.
I have been to other gyms and they dont feel "clean".
Not the case here.
Also the interaction with the trainers is complete and you never feeel like you are bothering someone for help.
We love it here.
We were allowed to try the workout forst to see if we liked it and we like it, we Love it!!

Best gym ever!
I always wanted to learn how to fight and defend myself, but not professional black belt style, so their CrossPit classes are PERFECT!
It's a little bit of everything - kickboxing, mma, crosstraining - so it never feels boring, but always gives you an awesome workout.
Their head trainer Eric is super great at instruction and making sure you are doing the moves right and get the most out of every work out.
It's also a great time to join now especially, because all their equipment (mats, bags, even octagon!
) are top of the line brand new stuff, so everything is always high on quality and clean :)  Can not recommend this place enough...now just wish there was one closer to my house!

This place rocks.
I stopped by The Pit to try out a class and see what these cross fit workouts were all about.
I've been training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for about a year and was looking for a competitive edge.
The workout is awesome.
Short and sweet, but also intense and fun, not to mention applicable to Jiu Jitsu or any mixed martial arts for that matter.
The lead trainer Eric was even cool enough to leave me with some easy workouts I can do from home with whatever equipment I have laying around (or with no equipment at all) for those times I can't make it to the gym.
My strength and conditioning has seen huge improvements in just a few short weeks!
Highly recommended.

I attended SinCity CrossFit / The Pit Vegas for the annual Tony Blauer's SPEAR Combatives Camp.
I have attended other CrossFit facilities in Nevada and I do not hesitate in saying that SinCity CrossFit / The Pit Vegas is the premier CrossFit experience and community.
The moment I walked in the door, the staff was welcoming and friendly.
Their equipment is maintained above standard and the quality of instruction is excellent.
The professionalism portrayed by all their staff members as well as their compassion for their athletes makes their community stand out from the rest.
Furthermore, having relationships with Tony Blauer, Tim Larkin, and Coach Greg Classman demonstrates the quality of their facility and community, and their effort to go above-and-beyond for their athletes.
SinCity CrossFit / The Pit Vegas takes care of all their athletes -- new, old, or even if you are just visiting wanting to get a WOD in before you go party in Vegas.
There are no strangers in SinCity CrossFit / the Pit Vegas -- just friends.The friendly atmosphere, quality of instruction, and well-kept facility will always be Vegas' best.
Coach, CrossFit Irvine U.S. Army, Infantry Officer

my whole family works out together at the pit.
The staff really tries to make the workout "user friendly".
There were many excersizes I couldnt do when I started the pit and now am becoming much better through practice and the support offered while in class.
It has become a fun  habit instead of dreading working out.
The classes really are for everyone, every shape and size and level of strength.
If they can help me do a box jump and REAL push ups, they can help anyone!!

The Pit is hands down the best experience I've ever had.
I started there with a Groupon about a year and a half ago and kept coming back.
The workouts are amazing- hard and intense, but leave you with a feeling of accomplishment.
Every day is different, you never know what you're in for, but you know you'll have fun and be challenged.
And the trainers and people there- that is where I wish there were more stars.
It truly is like a family.
The trainers are amazing and create an environment where you WANT to keep coming back, no matter your fitness or skill level.

Huge fan of this place.
I was recommended by a friend who knew the trainers, and since I have no former experience in any boxing/mma workouts I was scared to see what he would show me or afraid to "fail".
Though the workouts are intense, they are incredibly effective and quick, and truly set up to suit your own style and fitness level, while still challenging you.
I was hooked once I saw how such time-effective and unique exercises could make such a difference.
I suggest everyone check it out & mix things up!
Trainers are awesome here, don't be intimidated!

Who knew that you could host birthday parties here!
What a hit.
We are very limited on birthday options here in Las Vegas-I was so thrilled to find the Pit as a party spot.
Every year I do my best to find a better than usual place to host my sons parties and this one took the cake.
Eric hosted an hour long class with my 6 year old and all his friends, where they did warm ups, racing, tug a war and even sparing.
From the words of my son when I asked him if this were one of his best parties, "No!
This ins't one of the best parties it IS THE BEST party" and my little guy is hard to please.
There wasn't a limit on kids or parents and we had plenty of room and time to have a great party.
Much appreciated, I think all kids should have at least on party at the Pit-girls and boys!

Talk about a a Blast!!
We had our sons Bday party here at the PIT and I cannot even begin to explain what a fantastic time we ALL had.
Too many compliments from family & friends - hands down the best and most memorable Birthday party my son has had.

My family has been a member at the Pit Vegas for about 7 months now and we absolutely love it.
Not only are the instructors helpful and knowledgeable, but the members are friendly and open.
You really feel like family when you walk in.
My children take the Kid's Pit classes and they would not miss it for anything.
The instructors for the kid's classes are very tentative and do well at taking the time to make sure the kids have the right form but are having fun at the same time.
The adult classes are a great work out; the instructors as well as the other members are very supportive.
It has been a positive influence in our lives.
Over all the Pit Vegas is a great place to be.

OMG!
Today was my first time at the pit and I got through a 60 minute class :) holy cow!
ahhhh it was crazy!
I am not fit at all and believe me my body was shocked at the amount of moves I put it through however I felt great through out the day!
My legs were sore, my arms felt like jello however it did not stay that way!
My trainer Kelly was so nice to encourage me the whole time and the other people working out were so helpful and inspiring!
I will be coming back for more workouts!
Wonderful place!
Thank you guys!

