Thai Basil recently replaced what was Thai Pan.
That explains why when we called in our "take-out" order to Thai Pan, the lady taking the order didn't know what we were talking about when we ordered the dishes by name.
It took a long time to order b/c she couldn't figure out what we wanted.
Don't you think she'd tell us that the menu changed and the place is now Thai Basil?
Unless she said Thai Basil when she answered the phone.
At any rate, we didn't know that the place changed hands until we got there.
Took the food home.
The flavors were decent.
We ordered Garlic stir fry from the old menu.
Not sure what that translated to on the new menu.
Chicken was very chewy and overcooked.
Also ordered "Evil Jungle Princess" from the old menu.
Flavors were similar but the shrimp was way overcooked.
Haven't seen shrimp that overcooked and rubbery in a long time.
So... food must have been sitting around for a while to overcook like that.
Bottom line:  They need to get the phone ordering person more familiar with the menu, explain that they took over Thai Pan, and make the food fresh upon ordering.
Hopefully when they work out the kinks, it will be good.
In the meantime, not sure I can go back.
Overcooked protein is a big turn-off.

I finally made it up to try since Thai Pan was sold.
Let me start by saying that I was a very big fan of Thai Pan and thought the owners did a wonderful job.
Why they sold, who knows.
Thai Basil is okay, but I am willing to go back and give them a couple more tries because I think that they are just getting settled in.
The ordering process is different than before.
You no longer go up to the counter and order.
Instead they come around to the tables.
The problem is that there were only two women there today and they were taking orders and running the food.
It took a little while before our orders were taken.
The tables were all pretty dirty and I didn't even want to rest my arms on them because they were sticky.
I am hopeful that they will resolve that problem quickly.
Lunch specials come with a salad which has a really nice dressing on it.
I have never had a spicy salad dressing, but I liked it a lot.
I had the Ginger Chicken and was glad to see actual pieces of ginger.
However, the portions are on the small side (compared to Thai Pan).
They aren't as good as Thai Pan was, but I will definitely go back when they are more comfortable with their new operation.

So much better than the old restaurant (Thai Pan).
Couldn't be happier to have such good food at very reasonable prices so close to home.
We consider ourselves foodies and couldn't be more pleased with the dishes here.
This place doesn't cater to "dumbed down" American palettes.
This is authentic Thai food with that indescribable combination of spices and flavorings.
If you like really good food, you'll be very pleased eating here.

Not sure about the other valley locations but tonight's meal at the N. Scottsdale location that replaced Mark Gerding's Thai Pan was a disappointment.
In a nutshell, the owners need to scrap the plan to add a sushi bar (at a Thai restaurant?
Remember, it didn't work for Malees either) and focus on building the flavors and textures in their Thai dishes.
Creating heat in a dish takes more than adding red chili pepper flakes, and yes most can tell the difference in the texture of canned vs. fresh pinneapple.
The peanut sauce was very tasty and the red curry was OK after my husband doctored it up with a tray of hot sauces that were brought out when he asked for them but other than that the 3 other dishes we ordered were mediocre at best.
I'm still trying to DIGEST the reviewer who actually wrote that "This place doesn't cater to "dumbed down" American palettes.
This is authentic Thai food with that indescribable combination of spices and flavorings.
"  Dude needs to go to the doctor and get his tongue examined!
For now, when my family's need a Thai fix we'll stick with Swaddee and Sala Thai.

The other reviews were right about the service.
With the amount of staff they had for the customers that were there, we waited far too long for our food.
We overheard two groups of people have to ask their waitress where their drink order was.
That aside the food was amazing, we had the fried sweet potato app and the had to different styles of their signature thai basil dish.
It was very flavorful and the meat was juicy in both meals.
I would recommend my friends to this place only if they planned on ordering out.
I wouldn't go in unless I knew I had the company worth talking to while I waited to be served

Just to clarify the other posts.
The guy that ran Thai Pan (Thai Basil predecessor) pretty much catered to the typical scared American that wouldn't want to order from a Thai only menu.
For example, on top of his Thai selections he had dishes like "Tai-Yaki" which was just chicken teriyaki dressed up and an "Atkins" section.
Under new ownership those things are gone.
The staff, like the menu, appears to be all Thai.
They all certainly speak Thai and a lot of the basic Thai accessories are there.
Because of the name change, I ate there for the first time and the food was actually pretty good, service was decent and the staff was extremely pleasant.
I'll definitely be going back to try some more dishes but won't be ordering sushi.

This restaurant has great service.
Their curry's are outstanding!
Have eaten there about 8 times.

My husband and I ordered takeout tonight, and the food was absolutely delicious!
We will definitely return.

I always get the same meal and enjoy it every time.
I always get the Pha Nang (Spelling?
) I always add the spiced diced peppors for that special flavor served from a side tray.

I've only had take out from Thai Basil so I can't comment much on the restaurant and overall experience.
I can, however comment about how I am hooked on their yellow curry.
YUM!!
I also love the jasmine rice with it.
We've also gotten the pad thai (typical, I know, but it's a good standard) and theirs did not disappoint.

I've ate the majority of the menu and I enjoy it all.
The plates feel fresh and fairly healthy.
I've also been to various locations in the valley and find them to be consistent.
The Thai iced tea is a delicious creamy one.
For the price and style of food that you don't normally eat everyday as an American, I highly recommend this chain.

I wrote one of the first reviews of this place, and it got filtered so I guess I'm not trustworthy!
Oh well!
:)  In any case, I live right around the corner from this restaurant so I do take out from here once or twice a week.
I continue to like this place very much, and much more than the old Thai restaurant that had been there for years.
I especially like the red curry, but my two favorite dishes are their signature Thai Basil and their Garlic and Eggplant dishes.

Great service and good food.
The atmosphere left something to be desired, as well as the late 90's pop music, but nothing that would keep us from coming back.
We will definitely be back next time we are in town.
The 'hot' definitely took a bite out of my mother-in-law who likes spicy food.
They also have a 'thai hot' that should really get you.
We found the food rich and flavorful unlike some places where the flavors are watered down.
We enjoyed the spring rolls, tom kha soup (chicken), curry noodles (chicken), garlic saute (chicken), and thai iced tea.
All were excellent.

Very nice people.
Good service.
Drunken noodles spiced 2+ on a scale of 1 to 3 were great.
Very fresh ingredients.
Tasty crab puffs.
My wife enjoyed chicken noodles.
The sticky rice served too early and rates 1star.
Overall a place I will happily return to.

Food was good.
Service was not good.
Only one waitress for entire restaurant.

This place is amazing, food quality is very good and service is attentive - never had a poor experience..
Overall 75% of our food has been "carry out" and here's the trick for the guys - dont phone in your orders....
Instead,  order food on arrival and my experience has shown that the food is always ready when you have that last swig of Kirin beer.. Can't beat it they have down to a fine art.... See you there on a monday around 6-15pm :)  Diddy

Full of flavor, easy on the wallet, light on the stomach, efficient service, and a new member of my lunch rotation.

My fiancée and I have been looking for a great Thai place.
We were going to Thai Elephant before and it was pretty good but there wasn't a close location so we decided to give Thai Basil a shot.
We are very glad we did.
We got the standard pad Thai, a yellow curry, a coconut milk soup of some sort, and then we tried a new item.
It was called a Sweet Nut Curry and it was freaking delicious.
Think a mix between your favorite curry and peanut butter chicken from a Chinese restaurant... Yum!
(The peanuty flavor was very much more mild than peanut butter chicken though - fear not!
)  For all this (which was really a ridiculous amount of food for two people) we only paid $36 and we had enough food to last us for two or three meals at least.
On top of that our order was ready for pick up within ten minutes.
We will definitely be returning and probably trying a few new items based on how good our first experience was.
If you're looking for good Thai in North Scottsdale you could do a lot worse than Thai Basil.

This is a great Thai food restaurant.
My husband and I have been here a few times and have been very pleased with the food, as well as the service.
We usually order a few curries and of course the pad Thai.
The food is always consistently good.
Good Thai food is sometimes hard to find, you definitely won't be disappointed here.

There was hair in my food.
There was also hair in the food of another couple that walked out twenty minutes earlier (after announcing the problem quite vocally).
The wait was horrendous.
We weren't the only ones complaining.
The service was awful.
The waitress failed to give us napkins, forks or knives.
We literally had to get up repeatedly to ask for them and actually grabbed the napkins ourselves from a basket on the counter since the waitress rarely came to see about us.
The only thing the server brought quickly was the check after we told her we were leaving after finding hair in the food that we'd waited almost an hour to get!
Yes, we paid for the non-hairy food items (no offer of any discount) and left, never to return again!

Quick -fresh-delicious!
Great curries and Thai basil The Green Curry with Chicken is a favorite!

I have been to Thai Basil over 5x.
Each time I've gone I've tried something new and everything is very tasty.
You can't go wrong here.

Excellent food.
Love The Thai Basil Signature dish.

Overpriced Thai food in my opinion and boy do I miss Thaipan.
The employees here are friendly however I always walk away feeling like I've paid too much and I never felt this way when Thaipan was previously in operation.
The service is swift and the quality of the food is decent.
I still favor Siam Thai cuisine as my personal favourite.

I really, really, really, like their food.
The spring rolls and Pad Thai are amazing.
I used to get delivery to my house regularly because they are only 1 mile away and delivery was free.
Now though disappointingly, they are not offering delivery though they still have a big sign on their front window that says "We deliver" which I think they should remove.
I called on New Year's Eve wanting delivery and when they said they did not have delivery @ the moment I asked if it was because it was New Year's Eve.
They replied, "No, delivery driver quit.
"  I just ordered from them again last Sunday, but when I called in, apparently they haven't gotten a new one yet because they said they still couldn't deliver.
Yet, when I arrived @ the restaurant to pick up my order, the "We deliver," sign was still up.
????
I have never eaten in at this place.
I've only gotten take out.
I will continue to order from them because it's the best Thai food and closest Thai food nearby.
YuM!!
Would definitely recommend though I obviously miss the handy delivery option.
It was just SO EASY.

They have the best Pad Thai I have ever had.
I have grown up in the valley only going to the pricey Mailees on Maine for Thai food.
Last night we randomly decided to check out Thai Basil and it has blown Mailees out of the water with their great prices and taste.
I'm addicted and will be returning... A lot.

Came from out of town and really enjoyed our meal.
Simple decor, but good food and great service.

I love Thai food so when I was up in the North side of the valley I figured I would give this place a try.
I ordered the yellow curry, it was good but not as good as I expected it to be based on the reviews I read.
I won't be making a special trip to go there again but if I am in the area I will consider it and maybe try something else off the menu.

I have always gone to Malee's for Thai food so venturing out to Thai Basil was a real gamble for me.
I must say though, I was really impressed.
We have only gotten takeout twice from here, but both times, all the food was really good.
We ordered the Pad Thai, Thai Fried rice with Pork, Yellow Curry Chicken, and the  Sweet Nut Curry with Tofu.
I liked the Pad Thai the best and my husband loved the yellow curry.
All of the items were very fresh tasting, not super greasy like some Thai places, and the prices were very reasonable.
Food was ready when they said it would be and we will definitely be going back.

Its been hard to find authentic Thai here in Scottsdale but I love Thai Basil - The tom yum soup and Pad thai are both delicious and appropriately spicy - Im averaging once a week since I discovered it!

For PHX/Scottsdale, I would say it was above average, but do not order out unless you want to wait 2 hours.

I tried their signature dish called the Thai Basil.
It wasn't awful but for me it was too out of balance in flavors.
It did have a very nice spicy heat level and I liked that you could pick many proteins you don't normally see offered at Thai Restaurants.
For me it really needed more basil flavor mostly because the three leaves they used didn't give it that full basil flavor.
I thought it needed some garlic too.
The other for me out of balance issues was that this dish was very sweet and oddly the broccoli seemed almost candied as it was even much sweeter than the sauce.
I wonder if the broccoli was pulled out of another dish since it tasted so different?
The other dominate flavor was soy sauce and that doesn't seem right to me.
I know this dish is traditionally chicken but I picked salmon as a choice and salmon worked well as it picked up flavor easily but it wasn't the quality I like.
My husband tried the Thai Spicy Sausage.
It came with rice, raw ginger, raw cabbage and peanuts.
My husband said the sausage was good but this plate seemed disappointing and too plain.
I don't think anybody eats raw ginger so it was odd that it was on the plate.
It just was a really odd plate.
Next door is a really great gelato shop!

First time at Thai Basil I ordered the pineapple curry with shrimp.
It wasn't on menu but they said they had it when I asked.
I paid $5 to have it delivered to my house about 5 miles away.
It arrived quickly and was still piping hot.
The curry was delicious and just spicy enough (asked for level 2) to give you the heat without the burn.
The dish contained a lot of tender shrimp along with bell peppers and tomatoes.
My only small complaint is that the tomatoes were mushy, I  would ask to have them omitted when I order in future.
I will definitely be back!

We eat here every Tuesday, after all it is Thai Tuesday at the house.
We have eaten most every item on the menu here and have not ever been disappointed.
All their curries are good but the Panang and the yellow are stand outs.
Their pad thai and their thai basil are also wonderful.
Their staff is always over the top friendly, give them a try!

This is our go to place for Thai and/or cheat night.
They are always very friendly and have the best lunch specials.
Their chicken noodle dish is amazing, as is their Thai iced tea, which isn't overly sweet as I've experienced in other places.
My daughter asked to try their chicken wings, which I was hesitant to order but they were REALLY good.
They were pretty large with just the right amount of seasoning- and not spicy at all...good for kids.
Their panang curry is rich and delicious.
They always sub extra vegetables for rice when I wish to steer clear of starchy carbs.
I have yet to venture to other entrees on the menu but I will get to it.
As should you!

Best place to eat Thai in AZ!
My favorites are Pad Thai, Nam Sad, Tom Kah, and Pad Broccoli.
The place is about 1100 sq feet but has a cool relaxed feel and if you want, you can order in advance and just pick it up-no delivery.

I went to Thai Basil yesterday and soooooo glad that I tried it.
Their blend of spices are perfectly harmonized and not too sweet as some Thai restaurants do.
I love their soups and can't wait to go for dinner.
I happen to stop by during lunch time and recognized someone from my dog's vet (Pinnacle Peak Animal Hospital) was placing several orders.
They love it and regularly order for the whole office.
Now that's a real compliment.
I had just went to a Thai restaurant in Old Scottsdale this past weekend which was a huge disappointment so discovering that the BEST Thai restaurant is close to my home was wonderful!
I also love that Thai Basil is family owned and run.

Amazing pad Thai!
Portion sizes are great and the flavor is outstanding.
Savory citrus and then a little spice.
They do a very good job and have take out!
Great service as well.

Service was OK, nothing exceptional.
Price was fair, food good, ambiance relaxing.
I will be back again when I'm in the area.

We used to enjoy this restaurant frequently.
Great lunch menu.
But sometime in the past few months the whole crew who worked there has been replaced.
We have had three disappointing meals.
Once, food cold.
Second, slow slow service and the owner (I guess) was flapping around loudly talking to workers.
When the dish came out with chicken instead of tofu and we returned it, there was quite a loud chorus of angst in the kitchen.
Today we ate there and again did not see a familiar face.
Again the wrong dish was brought out.
When you couple this with the loud music and (sometimes) TVs running it just became clear -- this isn't the restaurant for us anymore.
We'll be trying other Thai restaurants in the area.

As someone who has had Thai food all over the world this place is by far the Worst Thai food ever.
Service was ungodly slow and in attentive.
The food came out cold and without and flavor.
If I could give this place a 0 I would.
Save your money and eat else where.

This place was terrible!
Took forever to get our food, which came out cold.
Never again!

Food was fair and the service horrible!
Extremely disappointed!
This is no way to run a business.

I like the food but the quantity is too less when compared to other Thai restaurants.

Great Thai, Great Prices and very nice staff.
I have been here multiple times for lunch.
It's a hit with our office!

This is a good spot.
Service was decent.
Ordered the Thai Basil extra spice which I found to be very good.

I've been eating my way through the menu here and so far I've been impressed with the consistency of the food, freshness of ingredients and  general level of service.
Heat levels are hard to come by, Thai hot is not the adventure it is at other eateries but at least there is something there.
Lunch portion wise it's almost  not enough, in relation to the two I used to frequent in Scottsdale it's not that it's tiny just seems off for the area.

