Great service!
Awesome waiting area... got my windows tinted and bluetooth installed amazing job!

Looks like I had the same experience as Betty.
I called ahead and they said they were busy but could squeeze me in 3 weeks later.
Okay 9:00am on Tuesday.
Well I show up promptly at 9 and the place is not open.
Hmmm, a few minutes later some guys show up but no one has the keys to open the place.
One guy asks me why I'm there.
I tell him it's for tint.
He doesn't offer much of a response and then walks off.
A half hour later I decided I'd had enough.
Thanks for wasting my morning.
When making the all important appointment they took my phone number.
Vegas Auto Customs never bothered to call and apologize or to try and reschedule the appointment.
I guess if opening the store on time isn't important, neither are the customers.
Not how I'd run my business but what do I know, I'm just the one paying them.
Pathetic.

Worst business I have ever had to deal with.
If I can give them a zero I would.
I had HID lights installed in my car.
It went bad after 2 weeks.
They looked at it and said the ballast went bad and they would order it and would call me back in a few days.
No call back I call them, they tell me they have to look into it.
No call back, I call back the next day and still with the same response.
They will look into it and get a call back from Tammy , gives me an excuse that she is new and still no resolution.
I call back the next day spoke with Chris and puts me on hold for 10 minutes and does not get back to the call.
I call back again and now he says he has to look into the warranty  of the ballast and might take a couple of days and will call me back today even though they examined it already and their guy said the ballast went bad already.
I am furious at this point.
Like I said worst company ever I had to work with.
Do not ever deal with them.
I would rather have a root canal at this point.

Vegas Auto Customs offered the absolute worst customer service.
Our appointment on 5/19 at 1pm was not completed until 5:20pm, after we had been told twice that it would take 1.5 hours and we had called the morning of to confirm.
And the tech did a poor job - bubbles and blemishes throughout the tint.
The employee's attitude was beyond rude and the way we were treated was ridiculous.
I'm sure they don't care, as the employee made that painfully clear when we attempted to discuss options when we returned to find the vehicle untouched after 1 hour and 40 minutes.
You can be sure I will NEVER recommend this company to anyone I know, unless I hate them.

I got a groupon for window tint & made an appointment a month in advance.
I was iffy about this place because of the reviews, but I wanted to give them a chance.
I called a day before my appointment to make sure I don't go in for no reason like what some reviewers went through.
I had my dad & boyfriend bring my car because I wasn't able to.
They were always pretty pleasant & easy to talk to from the beginning & my dad & boyfriend said they were kind.
They did a great job on my tint & it came out exactly how I wanted it.
I'm giving them 4 stars because they said my car would be done by 3pm (verified twice by phone), but it was not ready for about 1 1/2 after.
My dad did say they were very busy though.
Besides that, they treated us kind & gave us good service for a great price!

Worse place ever to bring your car.
I had to go there 4 different times.
First off I had to schedule my tint out a month, they only had one guy I guess.
I go in on a saturday and the guy tells me that his installer can't do it that day, so thanks for telling ahead of time even though I had an appointment.
So I go back the following Tuesday, they say my car should be ready in 4 hours so I say cool I'll go grab a bite at the Orleans, guy calls me 3 hours later and says his installer had to go home so now I'm like WTF.
I just wasted 3 hrs of my life.
He says come back Thursday we'll take care of you.
Now I'm back for the 3rd time, they say ok 2 and a half hours.
So I go drop my car off and go grab a bite again.
I go back about 3 hours later to see that these fools haven't even started yet.
They rush to get it done and 2 weeks later the tint is peeling at the bottom.
I took it back and the installer just cuts a piece off making it look like a little kid did the tint.
At that point I was so furious that I didn't even want to deal with these clowns anymore.
NEVER buy the groupon if it comes up again because you will regret it.
Worse service EVER.

Not impressed.
From the second that we walked in it was a total sales job.
Had to pay $30 extra for darker tint...magically the back window of truck counts as 3 windows and therefore would be another $60 to get the truck tinted.
(Even though I discussed the kind of truck that it was when I made the appointment and clarified with them that the back window had a sliding window in it).
Ended up walking out.
Save your time and spend your money at a business that actual provides a service-not a salesjob.

DO NOT GO HERE!!!
the worst experience ever!
the owner is a JERK.
they totally messed up my window tinting and over charged me.
Then they would not take my calls and would not give my money back.
I had to go to another company and pay $150 to get it fixed.
there are a lot of bad reviews on this place for a reason.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!

Bought a groupon for $99, had to make an appointment a month and a half out.
Arrived for the appointment had to pay $25 for darker tint, $30 for the "extra" quarter panel windows and $30 for a glare strip.
Took them 2 hours longer than they said they'd need and they never called me to notify me.
Horribly unprofessional business, employees are rude and dismissive.
Will not go back and highly recommend you go elsewhere for any auto custom needs.

is this the same owner as platinum kustomz because it's the same phone number and looks like the same shotty service

