***This gift shop at South Point Hotel & Casino is your standard hotel gift shop in terms of selection (toiletries, over-the-counter medicine, snacks, souvenirs, etc.
), but their prices were significantly less expensive than the gift shops I've visited in Phoenix and Las Vegas recently***  I wanted to pick up a Las Vegas refrigerator magnet before heading back to Los Angeles and found a good one here that was very iconic (the Las Vegas sign); the magnet also featured hooks for key chains and such.
The magnet was $4, which was less than the $6-$8 magnets I've seen in other cities like Phoenix.
I also picked up a bag of red licorice.
It was the Aussie style red licorice (a generic brand)  The licorice had that Aussie feel to it--rich, sweet and chewy.
The licorice was not stale either and it was only $2 for a decent sized bag.
Service was quick and friendly.
Gift shops (hotels, casinos, stadiums, etc.
) tend to be overpriced and feature a lot of stuff you don't need.
In terms of South Point's gift shop, they definitely had a fair share of stuff you wouldn't need, but their prices were better than most, which makes this a better-than-average hotel gift shop.
South Point Hotel & Casino has free parking (both an open lot and a structure).

This gift shop has a small inventory of liquor with pretty good prices.
I also frequent it for sundry items and the morning newspaper.

Small well stocked gift shop.
All kinds of quick things that you need.
Liquor prices are pretty good, especially in a pinch and not having to go to a big liquor store.
They had some personal items that I needed quick and staff friendly.
Good little store in the hotel.

Wow!
This place sell their liquor cheaper than anywhere else on or off the strip!
Check them out when you need a handle.

By far the " best" prices on liquor in the city.
Even better then Total Wine & Spirits.
( For liquor not wine) Customer service is excellent.

I would not go out of my way to shop here.
This little shop is located inside the South Point Hotel and Casino.
It is very convenient to stop in here only when you're at the South Point.
They carry just about everything you need.
The prices aren't too bad either.
Not the cheapest, but not the most expensive either.
Everytime we stay at the South Point, we will stop by here for something.
If you're a hotel guest, and they give you a savings book.
Make sure you stop in here to claim a little souvenir from the gift shop.
The last couple of times they've given a useful key chain with the South Point name on it.

BEST LIQUOR PRICES I HAVE EVER SEEN!!!
This place is right in the middle of the casino so if your waitress isn't around while you are blowing your whole paycheck gambling on one of the many one-arm bandits you can just go grab a beer and bring it back to your machine.
Then when you lose it all you can blame it on the al al al al alcohol!

Actually, surprisingly low prices for liquor.
And I believe its open 24 hours...
Located midway through South Point Hotel & Casino

