When your kids have outgrown the inflatable bouncers, you go here.
This place used to be a Bally's fitness center, so it's a huge space.
So.
Much.
Fun.
One side of the room was one long trampoline.
Then on the other side you have the slam dunk trampoline, and the dodge ball section, and even a section for those younger than 8 who aren't ready to jump with the big kids/adults.
Everyone who worked there seemed really nice, and also really watched the trampolines closely.
They have a snack bar and serve Papa John's pizza, so it's not an unknown most likely frozen brand that a lot of these places serve.
Tons of fun for the whole family.
Oh, and you don't need kids to go and jump.
Just go and jump.
Forget my kids having birthday parties here- I want all of MINE here from now on.

I'm slightly embarrassed for writing this review, only because me and my boyfriend didn't know that this place is mostly for kids.
When I say mostly, I mean me and him were the only "adults" playing lol.
It was fun so I'm sure if we enjoyed it and we were pass the age limit then I'm sure if you bring kids they will have a blast.
Or you can jump around too, hey no one is judging ;)

Went to Airworx for a birthday, ok kid birthday part.
It was so much fun.
Airworx is very organized, sign in here, put gifts here, put shoes here, you are in this room, etc.
We had the pink room (as our dedicated room).
Love the bright and fun colors.
Our host at Airworx was awesome.
She was attentive,outgoing, and made sure the kids and adults were comfortable and had enough food.
I jumped in the long trampoline side, raced a mom to climb up the side, played dodge ball and had a blast!
Loved that they had a set time to set up 2 dodge balls games for our entire group (I think 30 to 35 of us)?
I can not believe a 6 year old tagged me OUT!
REALLY???
Those little people are evil, J/K!

This place is pretty cool!
One downside would be t hat you get really sweaty.
Wish they had way more fans circulating the air around...Phew!

Honestly, I'm upset that I bought two passes from Living Social to go here.
Especially when I go there tonight to find out that it was only a dollar cheaper .
Anyways.
Go to JumpStreet instead.
It just feels bigger, more open, it's WAY cooler so you aren't dripping sweat in the first two minutes.
The Pros, I do think you can jump a little higher on their tramps, but they feel like they're maybe just way more worn in.
And the solo jumpers in the front are a lot of fun.
The Cons, way less jumping room than JumpStreet, and there was a worker standing there who wouldn't let us jump on two of the six tramps for no apparent reason.
No foam pit.
Super warm inside.
Go to JumpStreet.
This place is .
okay.
Just not quite the same though.
FOLLOW UP:  I had a much better experience on my second visit.
The trampolines were all open this time, the AC was working much better.
The ping pong room was fun for a while too.
Overall, very pleased.
As the updated stars should reflect.

Trampolines and more trampolines.
They try to divide by age group, but not so well.
They have dodge ball, and I can tell you just a few years older means a much faster ball coming at your kids head!
They need to closely watch this.
They do birthday parties, and I had to ask myself after the Papa John's pizza arrived, "How do they clean the pizza sauce off the trampoline?
"  It is new and the end of the year, you better bring a gallon of Purell

My daughter and her junior high friends LOVED this place.
Gotta go with her rating which is top notch.

One star only because the kids had fun.
We booked a birthday party online.
Tried to confirm the party every day the week of the party but the retarded, stoned teenagers who work there would leave you on-hold forever and have no idea how to confirm a party...plus the lady who handles parties was never in.
We booked the party for one of the nights when they have nerf wars and when arrived, they told us the start of the nerf war was postponed for an hour because a sorority full of fatties had booked most of the facility.
Turns out trampolines represent exercise so all the heffers from ADPi just sat around doing nothing but delaying everyone else's fun.
We won't be back...we'll go to Jumpstreet where they have their act together.

$8 for 1 hour is a bit too much for bouncing as an adult.
They have separated areas, but it is still disappointing that the cool inflatables are ONLY for kids!
I wonder when I will be able to get into one made for grown ups (the castle, the slide...you know what I mean!).
I might have the size but the fact they put you a wrist band, restricting your access to the only fan part.
The rest is ok, though there should be a big shoe rack at the entrance or walk lines for parents with shoes.

This was my 2nd time going to a giant trampoline place.
First being Jump Street (review will come for that place eventually).
I went here after my Groupon was just about to expire.
It was a Friday afternoon, 5:00 pm, and the Groupon was good for 1 hour.
Perfect amount of time because that was all I could handle.
We were exhausted after dunking, jumping around on the open trampolines and also trying out their netted contraption in the middle of the building where you play against someone else jumping on the other side.
My favorite part, is the basketball hoops.
My girlfriend and I didn't think it was possible to dunk on this thing.
The guy watching over the area did a couple demo dunks (what a fun job!
) and after some tips, I was on my way to dunking like Jared Dudley.
She even made a dunk too!
We also saw a similar aged group (looked like a double date) there too.
I had some concerns that it would be filled with kids, which is why I tried to pick the time I did to go.
I would definitely try this place out again.
It's kind of like mini golf, something you got to do 1 or 2 times a year but just enough to keep it fun and enjoyable.

This is really a cool place, especially for kids.
My daughters have attended a handful of parties here, and every time, they have thoroughly enjoyed themselves.
One of my daughters actually had her birthday party there last year.
This is a great alternative for kids my daughters' age to graduate from those "bouncy house" joints.
They get plenty of exercise at Airworx.
I deducted a star because I noticed that they let full grown adults play dodgeball along with smaller children.
Some of those (for a lack of a better descriptive word) "asswads" don't even hold back.
I saw a 30+ year old guy throw the ball with full power right at a 5 year old girl's face.
Pathetic.
Either way, Airworx is a really good place to take a bunch of kids to get their wiggles out.

I'd have given them 5 stars if this was completely up to my kids.
I'd have given them 4 stars if the staff was friendlier.
I almost gave them 2 stars, due to the high prices.
I'm sorry, but $23 for my 2 kids to play for ONE hour?
($35 for 2hrs!
) for that same amount, they can play as long as they want at Makutu's.
Of course, very soon they will outgrow Makutu's and this and Jump Street will be our only choice for this type of activity.
For now, we're enjoying the variety...
But, oh, how I love to see my kids sweat!
And enjoy themselves while they do so!
So, I've settled on 3 stars.

Too expensive and they won't let you on the trampolines with your 2 year old.
LAME!!!!
Go to Jump Street instead... More toddler friendly and much cheeper!
To give you the full picture, this was the second time we had visited this facility.
The first time we had a wonderful time.
Not only were we allowed to jump on the trampolines with our 2 year old, we were encouraged to do so.
When we returned for a second visit, we were told that we could not join them on the trampolines for the little ones for safety reasons, but that we could jump with them in the dodgeball area.
I don't understand how they believe that this is any safer.
If one of those balls hits her, she would be down for the count.
I can appreciate them wanting to promote safety, but they are going about it the wrong way.
I was told that this policy was an "industry standard.
"  I have been to a couple other indoor trampoline parks and they allow parents to join their kids on the trampolines in the area(s) for the younger kids (up to 7 years old).
Industry standard, to me, indicates that everyone has that same policy.
Additionally, their prices are we too high.
I would encourage you to shop around......you may be surprised.

This is a great place to take the kids to keep them busy and work out some of antst in their pants.
We come here quite often and the kids always enjoy it.
There are lots of different areas for kids of varying age groups, so everyone is sure to have a good time.
We love Groupon too because they regularly have vouchers available which slashes the price in half.
The couches aren't very comfortable for adults who are watching their kids, but they do have internet and a reasonable cafe for snacks and beverages.
I hear they do a nice job with kid parties too.
I would just recommend staying away from the dodgeball area when there are teens or man-children around who are not paying attention to the littler kids...

We did a team day here for my team in the organization I work for an it was fun!
We got a groupon for like $11 for 2 people for 1 hour...and let me say, as college kids, 1 hour is PLENTY.
We had fun, and they let us do a team-building activity on the trampolines with no problem.
I'd say the cons of this place is that it's a little small, and fairly warm in there after you start jumping.
but they have a fun blow-up thing you can race your friend through, ping-pong tables, basketball, dodgeball (which we avoided as there were tons of little kids in there), etc.
I wish there was a little more to do, and the blow-up rock climbing thing looked fun but it was for kids under 7.
Staff was nice.

Very fun!
There are big open trampoline sections - you can jump forward continuously without any buffers in your way.
You can jump barefoot or with socks  The trampoline section with the basketball hoops had about 6 different hoop lanes - very fun.
It has a dodgeball section, but I did not check it out  Only thing this place is missing is music to listen to while jumping - If there were music, I would give this place 5 stars!
(prices are about the same here as other trampoline parks)

My 7 year old absolutely loves this place.
They have a "7 yr and Under" area which is perfectly suited to her size.
For safety reasons, I'm grateful for it.
They also have a staff member to watch the kids in this area the entire time.
They have free wi-fi for parents to enjoy while waiting.
I know many parents drop their kids off for hours while they run errands and the place is safe enough that they don't have concerns about leaving them.
Best of all, my daughter gets a great workout...she's super sweaty when we leave which I can't say about the other activiites we usually enroll her in.

Take my daughter and her friends.
They have Internet and I just stay there and work.
They have good time.
They have the groupon deals on deals there also making it really a good bargain

I've been to Airworx a couple of times, as a good exercise-friendly activity with some friends.
I was concerned that there would be little kids all over the place, but going in the evening seems to be past the rush of little ones.
I'll tell you though, if I had a kid, I'd send them here for an hour to burn off the energy.
It'll do the trick!
There are a few long "lanes" of trampolines with ramps on the ends on one side of the building, and the other side has dodgeball courts, basketball courts, and a bouncy area for small children.
Though I haven't been during the day to witness it, there are some rooms and party areas that would make for a great kid's birthday party.
Jumping for an hour is no joke of a workout!
With a couple good friends to talk to, the time flies by.
Some of the games keep things competitive while trampolines everywhere keep us moving.
It feels good to let loose and feel like a kid again!

Airworx is a trampoline place for kids.
They have the blown up jumpers & a very small gaming section with 2 x-box consules set up as well.
It's set up pretty decent with a bunch of things for the kids to keep themselves entertained with.
No outside food or beverages so they can rape you on the need to fill your children's tummies.
It's an expensive adventure if you have a gang of children to support, mainly more than 2 kids....
If you can find a Groupon, then I'd say give this place a try.
If you get roped into it by some little kids birthday invitation well then, sorry but at least you can get a 1-2 hour babysitter so you can gab with all the other parents about their awesome lives.

I called at 6PM to inquire if they had a "kids section" here because my youngest is 2.
The guy that answered said yes we do, I said great we are on our way.
We got there at 630 and when we paid he tells us just so you know the kids area closes at 7PM.
WTH.
Someone should let them know when people call at 6PM thats some important info to tell them.
Now why they close off their kids section is a WHOLE other problem...
I have a 9 yr old and a 2 year old, so after 7PM my 9 yr old could go jump with the other scraggly teenaged boys and hoodlums that were showing up (urrgh) while my 2 year old does nothing.
I did ask for a refund and then left and went to Jumpstreet which I recommend because they DONT close their kids section at odd times, its open during their business hours and is a lot cleaner.

When we used to go to there, my kids always left Airworx hurt in some way, usually from poor supervision in the Dodgeball area when some kid aims at the head and is not taken out.
One of my biggest complaints is the rule of no outside water.
My kids are past diaper and stroller stage, so I have nowhere to "hide" these items.
I walked in one day, had my water bottle taken from me, was forced to drink nasty drinking fountain water, or spend money on bottled water.
Then, I looked over and watched all the moms pulling water bottles from their diaper bags and strollers.
Nice rule, Airworx!
To top off my frustration with Airworx, I sent them an email about the water situation, and also told them about an incident when they had freshly painted a cubby DURING BUSINESS HOURS, my daughter sat in it, I let them know, and was never contacted by a manager.
I received a poorly edited email back where they forgot to change all the references of "she" (obviously a lawyer had advised on what to say back) to "you," promising reimbursement for the skirt.
I emailed them back with my address and never received a check or another email.

