A new frozen yogurt shop has opened in San Tan Valley/Queen Creek!
It is conveniently located next to the Dance Matrix studio I visit, so after dazzling my partner on the dance floor, I could go for FroYo.
This is basically like all the frozen yogurt places out there, except it is on my side of QC!
The flavors were good - I saw a pistachio I wanted to try, but then I saw coffee (which is my favorite ice cream), banana - which I would be good to try and mix with something...but then I was swayed by thin mint and cake batter.
The prices here are the same as most others - 39 cents per ounce.
They have a loyalty program as do the others - but they take your phone number so you don't have to worry about losing the little punch card then ultimately having multiple cards.
Good seating, nice lighting, and a comfortable atmosphere.

Though there are many frozen yogurt shops in the Valley, I just loved this comfy store.
I was in the Queen Creek area and on recommendation of a friend, stopped by and it lived up to all the hype it was given!
I love that they can just use your phone number instead of needing, yet another loyalty card' - make it easy for me, I have my hands full with 4 young children and enough cards in my purse already :)

Sweetie Peaz had so many flavors I wanted to try them all!

I love this place and its right down the street from me.
I have two kids and the selection of healthy toppings are great.
Like the other reviews, I love just giving my number for the reward program and i haven't received any annoying tele calls trying to sell me stuff i don't need.
I meet the owner and she's was a very nice person, they also support local little league teams.

Visited 5/8/12...
This is the first time at this location although it has been open for a while.
One of three locations that I will likely find as my regular.
In order of other locations, this is probably my third favorite also.
Was not as impressed with the flavor selections tonight as I have been at other locations.
Had pistachio, cookies & cream and vanilla.
It was very good and I have no complaints.
Nice to have another location just down the road.

There are places in STV that just stand out above the rest.
Usually, it is because the owners get to know their customers and become very active in the community.
This is one of those places.
The ice cream and toppings are great, they keep the shop as shiny as a new penny, the service is awesome and they really go over board to be apart of our community.
I take my kids there every chance I get.

Very nice, bright & clean...very nice employee too...she was very friendly!
Will go back for sure.

I LOVE this place!
It's right down the street from my house so we go there often.
I love the no sugar added flavor (I can't have added sugar), I wish they had more than one SF flavor though.
But the toppings are plentiful, the place is always clean, and the workers are super friendly!
Highly recommend!

Nice place for frozen yogurt, staff is friendly and place is clean, bright and inviting.
Being a diabetic, it is always nice to have a no sugar added flavor choice.
I would agree it would be nice for a few more flavors and topping choices for those of that can't have sugar- but still enjoyed the experience and will stop in when in the area!

I'm giving 4 stars because 3 seems a little harsh.
This place is always clean and the staff is friendly.
The cheesecake topping is way good.
The flavors are always changing and it would be nice if they were updated on the website or Facebook so customers would know what to expect (we all have our favorites).
The red velvet cake flavor is awesome and so is the apple pie.
I came here for PLAIN TART, but they didn't have it.
I tried the tart mango and it was really good, plus they had the bursting Boba in three flavors.
Yum.
Why not 5 stars?
Well, a frozen yogurt place should know their product.
All the craze is the California tart (think Pinkberry) or Korean tart (Red Mango).
When I finally tasted their plain tart I could see why it was not as popular as it should be: it's the wrong plain tart!
They call it "Euro Tart" and it pretty much tastes like a weak plain yogurt with a slight citrus undertone and a hint of beer.
Yes, beer.
It is odd.
Also, to get to the toppings you have to reach very far under the hood.
I actually wondered if I was supposed to be serving myself.
It is a stretch, and I am a tall guy.

My husband and I love this place!
It has become our Saturday night place to go.
Salina is an amazing employee.
She stays busy and is always cleaning and not just standing around.
She is friendly and sweet!
We have learned to watch our portion control.
It is easy to want to fill up the huge bowl but our eyes always end up bigger than our stomachs.
Great service - compatible  pricing - fresh clean atmosphere!

I live right by this place and have gone here tons of times.
The fro-yo is really good!
They've got a lot of unique flavor options and toppings to choose from.
My only complaint is that like most self-serve locations, it can be a bit pricey.
Other than that though it's a great place to stop by for a quick treat with friends or family.

New to area and saw a coupon in one of our mails.
Decided to take my daughter to check it out we got there at 9:29 pm and it looked like they were closing,  the open sign was shut off and the screens were down.
Even though yelp says they close at 10.
Bad first impression will stick with Froyona.

