Though I'm not especially sad about leaving Vegas for the Bay Area (seriously, no competition whatsoever), I do get a bit choked up when I ponder the loss that I've suffered in no longer having an East Coast Pizza nearby.
It was simply the closest thing to NYC pizza (of the Famous Ray's ilk) that I've had outside Manhattan.
If that's your thing, I highly advise a visit.

This place is OK. Good for quick pizza.
Good for on my lunch break pizza.
Good for I need to eat because I am starving pizza.
It doesn't get too much better than that.
They are quick and friendly.
Not a bad place.

We got the calzones here.
The dough was good, but there was waaaayyyy too much Ricotta cheese in them.
I'm a huge fan of cheese, so for me to say that is saying a lot.
I'm tempted to give this place another chance and try the pizza, but the prices are a little steep....I mean it's pizza, it shouldn't cost 50 buck!
I'm glad we had a coupon from restaurant.com We'll probably give it another try for pizza when we get another coupon.
From what I've had, I don't think this place is worth the price, I'd rather get a cheap whole costco pizza.

Pizza is a subjective thing.
What I like you might not.
For me, an important distinction in good pizza is the quality and taste of the dough.
And while East Coast Pizza isn't the best I've ever had, it is very good and I'm glad it's nearby.
They've got some creative toppings to offer, too, though I usually stick with a plain cheese pizza because I enjoy the crust so much.
They also make a very good Greek salad.
People who work there are friendly and pleasant and I often see the owner, too.
When ownership cares enough to be there, the experience and the product is usually much better.
I'm a regular customer and I certainly recommend East Coast Pizza.

Stopped here on a lark while out and about on the West Side of town (yes, it's called East Side Pizza, but that refers to the east coast, not its location in Vegas).
Got a slice and a drink (white pizza with tomatoes) and was very happy!
It reminded me a lot of Famous Rays or Ray's Famous or whichever one it is in NYC.
The crust was thin, but chewy and had a great flavor.
The toppings were generous, but not so much it weighed down the pie.
We left and ran some errands, but were so enamored, we went BACK and got a medium cheese pizza to take home and enjoy later.
Like other NY pizzas, the slices are bigguns, so that medium pizza gave us dinner that night, lunch the next day and dinner again the next night -- and it was good every time.
They have pasta and sandwiches on the menu, too, so there's something for everyone and some delicious looking specials on the sign (including stuffed mushrooms -- nom!).
It was $10 for 2 slices and 2 drinks, which seems about average, but it's much more economical to get a pie and take home your leftovers.
Our medium cheese pizza was only $5 more and we got more meals out of it.
The service staff was mostly high schoolers or college kids, it looked like, but they were really nice girls -- two brunettes in generous eyeliner.
Polite, sweet, they brought our slices to the table for us and made sure we had everything we needed.
And even though we don't live on that side of town, they made sure we had menus and encouraged us to come back again... which we definitely will.
Soon, I hope!

This place is great.
The best pizza I've had since I've been in Vegas and the closest to actual NY pizza.
The crust is perfect, thicker than Rocco's, but still thin and NY like.
The taste was great and it was not too greasy.
It's a cute little restaurant too with plenty of space to sit and eat.
They have a couple flat screen TV's, one had sports on, the other CNN or something like that.
They have food aside from pizza as well, not really sure what else, but I'd presume typical Italian fare similar to most pizza joints.
The price is great too.
I had 2 slices and a drink and it came to under $10.
Definitely a hidden gem.

East Side Pizza has THE BEST pizza in Vegas.
I had been looking for Teenage-Mutant-Ninjan-Turtle Pizza for the longest time.
You know, ooey-gooey perfectly proportioned cheese stretching off of every slice.
Well, I found it.

Oh So Yummy......... Great customer service, owner/manager Shawn is awesome...
He is catering my fiance and my wedding, he goes out of his way to make it at ease for us, so we do not have to worry alot.....

I ordered a 2 slice deal with sausage and a drink for $7.03.
I guess that is the standard.
I can't say anything bad about the place - but it didn't exactly blow my skirt up either.
The place has a bunch of New York Memorbilia - including a bunch of Yankee crap!
Of course if you get pizza in this town you usually have to stomach the excessive ethnocentric New Yorker decor, but It was clean inside and had a nice vibe to the dining area.
The pizza was better than average.
The thin crust had a nice crispiness to it.
A little skimpy on the toppings.
My only real complaint is the fast that when I order to slices I am assuming that the slices are part of a large pie.
These slices were probably from a medium pie.
The slices were smaller than other pizza joints.
I would probably go back, but I wouldn't declare this a top pizza joint.

Great pizza for Vegas!

Another great pizza and italian food restuarant!!!!
Thin crust, tasty and smooth sauce.
Just how I like my pizza to be.
Good New York style.
I have to tell them light on the cheese.
Also, the baked ziti is great.
This place is in the same area as Grimaldi's so it's tough to choose where to go, but we go here the most.
Atmosphere is nice with tables and 3 TV's, self service drinks and friendly staff.

yuuuummmy!

Yummy pizza place in my neighborhood.. Yay!
I recommend the pizza and salad combo for lunch...
The white cheese pizza was bomb.
Everyone was very welcoming and friendly.
Will come back for sure!
Highly recommend!

Saved us from the hunger monster!
We ended up here after having a bad experience at another pizza place and thank goodness!
Friendly staff, chatted with us for awhile actually.
Wow, the crust on the pizza.....buttery heaven.
I don't normally eat the crust, yeah you better believe I devoured it all.
mmhmmmmm (snaps fingers) But seriously, this was a great find, and the sizes of the pizzas were pretty big so be warned.

Great PIZZA!!!
every time we have gone in or had it delivered.
Not a fancy place but then again great pizza joints never are.
Become a fan and give them a try, we did and love their food.

If I could define my life in terms of food, it would be defined with "Cacio e Pepe.
" Minimalistic and open to interpretation.
Cacio e Pepe sounds easy enough to prepare.
Black peper, Pecorino, parmesan, olive oil, butter, salt to taste and pasta.
Once complete, this is a symphony of flavors that makes even an amateur chef look like Mozart.
From the look of East Side Pizza, you think "typical pizza joint.
" And for the majority, you are right.
But when it comes to pasta, man, even Scarpetta can take lessons from this typical joint.
$24 for spaghetti with tomato and basil by Scott Conant ??
How about $6 for Cacio e Pepe of equal calibre by mysterious chef at East Side Pizza.
AND it comes with a house salad!!
Or Tortellini with chicken cooked to perfection!
Let's just say the pasta dishes are so good, I forgot this place serves pizza.
I hope this is not a fluke but I will be dining here quite frequently for lunch and dinner.

I worked in a family owned, old school Italian restaurant back in the day and the crust on their pizza here, reminds of that.
We made it from scratch every day ,rising dough.....and it's like pizza on awesome Italian bread.
I have ordered the pasta from here as well and it was very good .
They deliver in my neighborhood and I would highly recommend it!

Shawn did a Wonderful Excellent job on catering for our wedding reception!
Everyone loved the food, we ordered more than we needed but had no issues eating left overs, yummmm......

Don't let the small sample size of reviews fool you.
The food here wasn't what I was expecting from the other reviews here and the service was definitely lacking.
First off, in walking into the restaurants the menus are extremely confusing.
There are specials written on boards outside and at the counter, specialties up on wall, and the normal menu in written form on tables.
Since I was set to meet someone later, I was in a relative hurry to get my food.
So, I ordered what I thought was the most basic item on the menu...meatball sliders.
A half hour later was when I finally received my food.
While other customers who had ordered after me had gotten their food much sooner, there was no mention from the staff about the sliders or an apology offered.
In all honesty, the meatballs were not bad here with tasty herbs inside, but they were very dry at the center.
The main problem with the sliders was that the inside portion of the buns were completely burnt.
I don't know why they would even serve the buns to someone in that condition.
A very big disappointment.

Great little place with inexpensive prices.
They have quite a few lunch and dinner specials that were great prices.
I ordered the two slices of cheese pizza and a drink for $5.99.
Not bad for two very large slices of pizza and a refillable drink.
The pizza is really good.
Thin and simple.
The slice kept well too.
I only ate one for lunch and saved the other for later when I got home and it was still flavorful and tasty.
Service was friendly and efficient.
I was interested in some of their pastas.
I will have to come by another time to check out their dinner specials or some of their lunch pasta specials.

Outstanding East Coast style pizza, they are very careful to use fresh dough for their crust.
The water sucks is Las Vegas so they take the extra effort to import it.
Great service and not unusual to be greeted and served by the owner.

I need to be in a special mood to choose pasta over pizza .
I'm so glad I went with the Tortellini ($8.99) because it was delicious.
It was a little salty for my taste but I still enjoyed it!
It came with tri colored wheat, spinach, and tomato tortellinis filled with three cheeses .
It is sauteed with diced prosciutto, peas , garlic and cream.
The portions were huge !
I had this for lunch for about 3 days.
It tastes great the next day and the next day!
The food is great quality for the inexpensive price you pay.

The pizza was dry and bland!
I went to the restaurant based on the good reviews.
I ordered a slice of the buffalo chicken pizza, based on a recommendation from the girl at the counter.
Unfortunatly, I was very disappointed by the pizza.
It was a thin style new york pizza with a proper crispy bottom that could hold up to lifting the slice off the plate, so it deserved that level of appreciation.
However, the chicken was blantenly overcooked, and the entire slice was bland.
I don't know how that is possible with a spicy element like buffalo sauce.
All in all, there are much better pizza restaurant all throughout the city.

We decided to order from here based on Yelp reviews....
Overall I wasn't too impressed.
We ordered a small Margarita, small deluxe, garlic knots and a small antipasto salad.
We hoped it would be worth the $60 we spent, but the pizza was NOT as thin as we hoped.
The garlic knots, we're very dough-y and shaped more like blobs.
The antipasto salad was mixed greens with rolled luncheon meat---nothing more.
We'll keep searching...

Friendly service, yummy thin-crust pizza, nice tangy sauce....what's not to like?
Ambience is casual and prices are inexpensive.
We shared a large deluxe pizza and basically inhaled it as fast as we could since we were rather empty in the abdominal area!
I'd much rather go here than Grimaldi's, which is in the same ginormous Boca Park complex around the bend, as ESP seemed to know what I want before I wanted it.
Grimaldi's seemed a bit on the tame, boring side with disappointing sauce.
I suppose this pizza joint's initials says it all.

Love this places the best pizza i have had out in Vegas so far.
No complains will keep coming.

I love the lasagna here.
Also the fact that they have a gluten free crust, and that they have pizza by the slice.
Great lunch specials, and the prices otherwise aren't too bad.
Not a big fan of the pizza though.
The crust has little flavor, and the sauce isn't that good either.
They do use a good cheese though!
Try the pasta, and you won't be disappointed.
The pizza, not so awesome.

Great NY style pizza... highly rec'd this place for delivery

Hard to go wrong with a appetizer , salad, entree, and dessert for $10!

I purchased a Groupon here and although they messed up my order (I ordered wings, but was given fingers) I was very happy with the quality and the taste of the food...it also helped that the owner was a super nice guy.

Relaxed atmosphere, and great food, this place will have you wanting to go to the east coast!

I have stopped in before for the lunch special with 2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink.
That was good and the right price at just over $6 and change.
This visit I phoned my order for pick up and wanted to try a sandwich and pizza with toppings.
I ordered a "Bambino" which is their version on a meatball parm.
It cost $8.99 and was terrible.
The bread, sauce and cheese were good but the meatballs were very tough.
I don't know if it was just an off day but I wouldn't ever order anything with meatballs here again.
The sandwich did come with a side salad that I enjoyed.
The pizza I ordered is called "The Fenway" and has sausage, green bell peppers and onions for toppings.
The pizza was just so-so.
The crust wasn't able to hold the toppings well.
It was $21.99 for the large pizza.
Almost $35 for a pizza and sandwich after tax is way too pricey when it doesn't even taste that great.
I will stick to stopping by for the lunch special since that is a good deal and tasty.
Service is good and the inside is clean.
I noticed a sign that said they offer catering services.
They also offer delivery.

Used Groupon and was pleasantly surprised.
Ordered to go, tortellini and chicken parm (small upcharge).
Best I've had in a long time.
Will definitely be back.

Unfortunately I was very disappointed with the food and the service was avg.
I ordered a linguini primavera and I got a dish that didn't resemble at all what the menu described.
The noodles were a fettuccine style, I got a red sauced frozen vegetable type heavy dish.
The greek salad didn't taste fresh and the dressing was a bottled dressing.
I just think nothing was authentic or made in house, except the pizza.
The thin crust was the only thing that tasted amazing so I would go back maybe for just the pizza.

We started going to this place because we found an offer on Groupon.
We have been there about 4 times so far, and every time we do, we always have a good meal.
We have tried the pizza with various toppings, wings, salad and garlic knots.
The pizza is always good, and we love the thin, large slices.
We appreciate the fact that they participate in Groupon, as it helps save some money for us, and allow a young family with a child to go somewhere and have a nice meal.
We are grateful for that.
Without Groupon, it would be a little too pricey for us, but outside of that, everything is nice.
Service is always very friendly and the atmosphere is pleasant and comfortable.
We definitely recommend them.

Had the opportunity to check this place out with the Las Vegas Pizza Posse tonight and they definitely get five stars.
For me a big part of the experience is the service, and Candace definitely took good care of us.
The pizza itself was really good.
The owner told me they have the dough delivered in from the east coast several times a week and you could definitely taste the quality in the crust.
The pizza had a thin layer of sauce so that you could taste the sauce but it didn't overpower the toppings which I have to say were in ample supply.
And the white pie was served up as a white pie should be, with dollops of ricotta scattered around the pie, very tasty.
I can honestly say that no piece of pizza was left behind.
If you're over near Boca Park and looking for some really good pizza you should check this place out, I doubt you'll be disappointed.

I learned a lesson here...don't get a burger from a pizza joint.
Bland tasteless patty of pale meat....not good tasting or looking.
Pizza was decent but something about the oil they use on their crust...tasted a little off for some reason.
Could have been just me, others at our table seemed to think it was fine.
Chicken fingers were great, big planks for chicken, not over cooked, seasoned well.
Meatball sub was also equally as tasty.
So, except for the mystery meat burger, it's not too bad.
Staff were super nice and that gets them an extra star.

This place is awful!
We had never eaten here before so we decided to try out a new pizza parlor.
After arriving to pick up my order about 5 minutes early, I picked up my order and drove straight home.
The pizza looked great until I took it home to my family and realized how cold and hard it was.
It's like it had been sitting for hours.
I ordered a pineapple pizza and got a pepperoni, they offered to make a new one, and I should have waited since it would have been fresh.
There was hardly ANY sauce on it the pizza, it was just bland and very hard to eat, the cheese was one solid piece on each slice, and the bread was hard as a rock.
It definitely my pregnant wife cringe and she couldn't eat any more after the first bite.
The same thing for our garlic knots.
They were slightly warm, so we had to microwave them in order for them to be edible.
The chicken wings were overcooked, hard and cold.
I DO NOT recommend this place to anyone.
Villa Pizza is the way to go..

i love this place so much)))))))my favorite place!!

I went here the other day and ordered a Deluxe Pizza and an antipasto salad and it really was the best I have had in Vegas.
The service is always friendly here and the food so tasty.
I love the chef that works in the pizza kitchen.
That guy always has a smile on his face.
The portions are also really generous and pizza for breakfast is one of my favorite things so large portions make me very happy!
I would recommend it wholeheartedly.

Personal service is severely lacking.
Must ask for change back.
Pizza is flavorless.
Garlic knots not fresh.
Majority of glass cups are chipped.

White pizza tastes good!
A little stale cuz I got 2 slices that were laying out but still a good taste!

We usually order from this place up until now.
Our delivery came within reasonable time.
That's good , but when we paid our order for $31 that we paid for in cash plus $5 tip so $36 total she claimed she had no change.
We only had 2 $20's so that means she would get $9 tip!
Umm really.
We ate the $9 tip and as we opened our baked mushrooms.
( I took a pic and posted it) it looked like breaded mushrooms swimming around in water?!
Wtf?
Called them.
Complained.
They refunded us the mushrooms and she have back the $9 tip .
Very disappointed.

I went to this place on the recommendation of a friend.
If you look at my reviews over the past, you'll see that no one enjoys a good pizza as much as myself.
I found the place quite easily.
It is in Boca Park along with a number of other restaurants.
Parking was easy.
When I went in, I was a little confused as I saw a sign that said "Order Here".
So i did.
They do have a dining area.
I asked the girl working there if they had table service, and she told me that they did on Friday through Sunday... but if you sat at a table, they wouldn't leave you hanging.
Well, I ordered right there!
Needless to say, I had one of my favorite foods!
PIZZA!!
Now having worked my way through school working in a pizza place, I'd like to think that I'm a pretty good judge of pizza.
I ordered a Pepperoni, Mushroom, Bacon, Kalamata Olive (Unusual but excellent ingredient!
) and extra cheese.
Now for most pizzas, this presents a problem.
The problem is, too much oil, making the pizza soggy.
The pizza was brought to the table, suggesting that they really will not leave you hanging!
And it was prepared perfectly.
The crust was solid!!!
Thin crust, excellent flavor.
The cheese actually tasted like mozzarella cheese, unlike some of the cheese you may get from a chain.
I ordered a medium thinking it would be lots, and I might have a slice or two to take back to the hotel.
(I was in Vegas on business).
BUT NO...
This pizza was huge for a medium.
I stuffed myself on 4 slices and was only able to take 2 of the remaining 4 back with me!
All of the ingredients were very tasty.
It was possible to taste each one!!
I watched the pizza chef as he made the pizza.
I was impressed with the way he kept an eye on the oven, moving pizzas around the oven to attain the best overall consistency!
And it was cooked perfectly.
I talked to the girl before I left and I asked her about the ingredients they used...
I can't help thinking that this has GOT to be one of the best NY Pizzas in Vegas!
They actually bring their dough in from NY.
(After all, how else do you get NY water into your mix?
)  I gave them a five!
The ambience is okay.
The people were great.
The seating area is quite roomy... but the food was excellent!
It's a bit of the drive from the strip, but well worth the trip!!
I'll certainly be making it again.
One of the better pizzas I have savored in my history of pizza consumption!

Had a large group of 40 kids and adults in town for a soccer tournament.
Made a reservation in advance and communicated with Candace prior to our arrival.
We ordered everything from pizza to salads to many different pasta entrees.
Everyone was satisfied and enjoyed the food.
Service was excellent.
They had all the food  served within about 15 minutes of our arrival.
They even, at my odd request, went and bought a full sheet cake to celebrate a few birthdays we had.
Everything was just perfect.

Had a late lunch meeting at East Side Pizza and I could not have been happier!
Great location in the heart of Boca Park, but not super high end - so the food was great along with the pricing.
Even for lunch, the serving sizes were BIG.
I ordered the eggplant rollatini and it came with both a salad and side of pasta.
The staff was super friendly and the dining area and bathrooms were very clean (shouldn't have to say that... but not always the case!).
They have a sign posted that since they don't have a liquor license, you can bring in your own beer or wine.
I'm totally going to do that when I stop in for dinner.

Came in for the groupon deal, which I found out was expired, but the owner still credited me with the deal.
Solid place to get pizza and the wings were juicy and crispy!

Bought a Groupon, 2 Pasta Dishes for $10.00.
Great deal!
My wife ordered ravioli, I ordered Penne Bolognese.
Must say it was good!
I tried the ravioli, and it was good too.
The restaurant looks like an average fast food place.
Nothing fancy.
The service was really good.
We were treated very well.
Portions were fair!
Both my wife and I, had left overs!
If you're looking for a fast, good meal, that's affordable.
This is your spot!

I ordered a large cheese for pick up at 2:30pm on a Saturday and was quoted 25 minutes but I'm almost positive they had to have given me a pizza that was already done for 'by the slice.
' It was extremely stiff.
Wouldn't go back, maybe I just got a bad pie.

I've been coming to this place for a couple years..I've always enjoyed their pizza n salad..Had a groupon decided to use it yesterday, we walk in n d place was empty at 8:30pm...noticed d new decor no more baseball pics etc..new owners of 6mths.
I thought..ah oh..I hope they hve d same pizza maker..I was allowed to change one item w/d groupon instead of garlic knots, which wld of been too much bread for me with d pizza I was allowed to get a salad..nice.
Two soda were $6We got the wings with BBQ sauce on d side, they were crispy n good.
The salad was great..the pizza came ..it look good but..sadly it was bland..it had plenty of cheese,  but sauce was bland and d crust wasn't crispy..I hate limp pizza..I'm sorry to say it's good bye to this place...I'm a ex NY'er..I hadn't really found my epic NY pizza place in Vegas yet..but..this place was good but..not any more..Took d pizza to good will reheat in a caste iron pan to get it crispy n I'll add some flavor to it..hopefully that will help..

food is good, service great got my orders right every time and fast order here and you will be happy

After a very long day and not wanting to cook dinner, I walked right over here after my sons hair cut.
If you show them your receipt from Sports Cuts, you get 10% off your order.
I ordered a BBQ chicken pizza and it was delicious.
The pizza itself was bigger than the normal chain pizzas and smelled very wonderful.
It was nothing but cheesy goodness drizzled in sauce.
I couldn't wait to get home and dig in.
It was calling my name the entire drive home.
Now, I have a dog at home.
She knows to stay away from the table when we're eating but was hovering over us the entire time at dinner, then she finally jumped up and snatched the pizza right out of my hand.
I guess she wanted some of the deliciousness too.
We didn't have any leftovers after we were done since my boys loved it that much.
We will definitely be back.

Since Jerry sold this place to some Cirque du Soleil performers it's crap!
Had a very frustrating discussion with owner on the phone after one lousy meal He could not have cared less about the quality of the food Just thought I'd try again and the chicken parm tasted burnt.
They have  Cut down on the pasta  side  cheap throw away food.
Barf!

