So this is the 2nd MMA-centric gym I've been a member of (the previous one was AZ Combat Sports) and this place a notch higher than ACS.
They have a lot of classes available for sparring, personal training, and youth jiu jitsu - I have not taken any of those so can't rate it in regards to those classes.
I went for one-on-one training and I usually went on the weekdays and a few times on the weekends for training there and I always noted a few things: Their treadmills are GROSS - to where you do NOT want to touch them with your finger (mabye the back of your hand); the staff is nice and welcoming; the bathroom is clean and tidy; the sparring area is stinky and all the ppl around there seem to treat the area like their own dirty hamper (seriously?
used bandages on the floor?
dirty socks on the floor?
disgusting!).
My trainer even was appalled at the 'cleanliness' situation there.
After several months here, I decided not to renew because it was so off-putting.
On a positive note, I frequently got to see Ryan Bader train and hang out there (one of the owners and a prof MMA fighter) - that was cool.. and he's a nice guy and is friendly and such.
Back to the facility: they need a cleaning crew because the sparring area *stinks*, the machines are grimy and dusty and full of gross debris and it was nasty that I had to put a papertowel down for my arms when I did planks just so that I would't get ppls nasty body hair or other debris on my skin!!
PS: sometimes they play some music on the speakers that is JUST not appropriate for kids... but they have a lot of kid's jiu jitsu classes, so I don't understand that rationale.

I have belonged to multiple gyms including 3 here in Arizona and this is by far the best gym I have ever been to, hands down.
Everyone who works here, and works out here, is friendly and willing to help you along in any journey that you decide to partake in while you are there.
This is not your usual gym like the big name commerical gyms, you will not be fed a line of BS about how you need to buy products because they will make you lose weight and faster and stronger.
You will instead be given advice and meet others that are trying to reach their goals.
There are people of every fitness level here including multiple UFC and other organization fighters all the way down to people just starting their fitness journey.
The previous post mentions complaints about how the gym looked and smelled but it is a gym and people are working their hides off everyday.
I can confirm that this gym is cleaned as I have been leaving as the cleaning crew is coming in on multiple occasions.
If you are looking for a place without a bunch of frills and people who think that because they walk on a treadmill and use a machine every 15 minutes they are working out this is the place for you, It is not the place for everyone and that is understandable, that is why they offer trial periods to try it out.
On a personal note I believe that the training you receive at this gym is by far hands down the best I have ever seen or been involved with in any environment.
Jason Kamens and Clyde Yellowhair will take your limits and make you realize that there are no limits when you work hard towards your goals.
I am just shy of my 100lb loss goal that I set less than a year ago and could not have done it without the support that I have gotten from these guys as well as the rest fo the staff at POWER!
Try this place out and decide if it is the place for you, if you have kids there are multiple kids classes available, every week it seems that something new has been added to the POWER lineup whether it be kids wrestling programs or ZUMBA for the adults there is always something going on here.
Check out the website to see what they have available and see if it fits your needs.
Then stop in and talk to Nicole or Ryan and start your journey!

I liked this gym.
A lot at one time.
That is until I developed a medical condition which prevented me from working out.
Was told that as long as I provided a doctor's note that I could cancel with no fees what-so-ever.
My doctor drew up a note for me and I hand delivered it to Power myself.
Within minutes of me pulling out of their parking lot I'm getting a call from the person who told me to bring the note in the first place and am told that it doesn't matter if I have a medical condition.
I have to pay $300 to cancel because medical conditions (NO MATTER WHAT THEY ARE) are not excusable from the THREE HUNDRED DOLLAR cancellation fee.
On top of that, in order to cancel, I'm told that I have to pay an additional month because I have to give them 1 month's notice.
So it's going to cost a total of over $439 for me to cancel!
Because I have a medical condition that CAN NOT BE HELPED.
I didn't ask to be diagnosed with this, yet no one at Power MMA cares.
They only want their money.
I even contacted RYAN BADER of all people to ask for his help in this.
I was told by him that he'd look into it and get back to me, but that was well over a month ago and I have heard nothing.
Since I've been trying to work with them (SINCE APRIL 2012) I have had to move out of the state as well!
This gym may have great classes and a state of the art facility, but the way they handle business and their customers is horrendous.
To top off all of this, I was told on several accounts that they'd had to talk to their billing company about waiving the $300 fee.
I was willing to pay the 1 month cancellation even!
I was told by Nicole that she would waive the fee.... then it seemed like she thought better of it and said she'd talk to the billing company and call me back.
She called me back and told me that their billing company was unwilling to waive the fee.
Today I called their billing company ABC Financial Services and they told me that they have no say in any of this.
It's COMPLETELY up to the gym to decide whether to waive fees or not.
So not only am I dealing with all that, but I'm now being LIED to!
Nicole or whoever works at Power MMA has the power to waive whatever they want, but they choose to blame their billing company so the responsibility is taken off of them and put on ABC.
Completely and utterly ridiculous!
Do NOT sign up with Power MMA.
They will just take your money and screw you over.
It wouldn't matter if you had cancer or lost a limb or had some other medical condition which inhibits you from being able to workout.
They do not care.
They seem to forget that they need their customers, especially in this economy!

I have been part of the Power MMA family since the day they opened.
Everyone at the gym; members, staff and fighters have always been very friendly and helpful to me and everyone that walks through the front doors.
The gym is great for people of all ages!
My kids love being there, the kids classes are great and the coaching that the kids receive is outstanding.
They offer classes for people of all skill levels and the members that are more advanced are always willing to help new members with technique and drills.
The fact that you get to learn from the coaches that train the pro fighters and sometimes learn from the pros when they teach a class, tops it off.
wether you want to attend classes to potentially compete or just to get into great shape, Power MMA is THE gym to join!
I don't use the weight area yet but I know what machines and free weights they have and they have everything you need to get your weight training done.
In the first year of me training at Power MMA I lost a total of 62lbs with the help and support of everyone at the gym.
Power MMA is not JUST a fight gym it's a great full workout facility for everyone.

I was in town visiting a friend from college and she and I talked about new workout ideas.
She had told me she passed by Power Fitness on her way to work an heard they have kickboxing classes.
We were bored so we went in to check it out.
When I first walked it I was amazed to see the commingling of the MMA equipment and other typical gym machines.
The staff was very friendly and have us a tour and invited us to take a free class.
We took the kickboxing class the next day and loved it.
My friend is now a member there and everytime I visit her we go in for a fun workout.
This last trip I bought a bunch of the cute shirts and have been stopped my multiple people at my gym at home.

I was fortunate enough to meet CB Dollaway and Ryan Bader (two of the owners of Power MMA) when they were teaching back in the UK, after talking to them they invited me over the US to train with them at Power and the rest of the Power MMA family, as soon as i walked through the doors at Power i was blown away with the size and extremely high level of equipment they have on offer to their members, the gym is a great all in one style gym with the bag area, boxing ring and wrestling/BJJ mats on one side and on the other side they have the fitness area which boasts a huge free weights area along with every weight lifting machine needed and also a cardio area with running machines and the like and a huge MMA cage in the middle, this is great for me as i like to stay in good shape and train MMA at the same time.
the instructors who run the classes are great and have an extremely high level of experience and are open to lots of questions on different techniques and anything i was stuck with.
On the other side of the gym i have been working with Jason who is the strength coach and in the 6 weeks I've been here I have dropped my body weight and fat % but I'm the strongest I have ever been, he also helped me with my diet and other aspects of training.
whether you want to just get in great shape or look at competing in MMA then i can highly recommend Power MMA to anyone!
it blows any gym ive been to clean out of the water!

First off, I should say that this is my gym.
I love it and that's why It's my gym.
The staff is veru friendly and the gym is clean and neat.
The locker rooms and bathrooms are spotless.
The best part is the instructors, from boxing and muay thai to brazilian jiu jitsu and mma it is all first rate and the best place I have trained at in AZ or anywhere else for that matter.
I highly reccomend.
The owners are also very nice if you happened to run into them, a huge plus in my book.

Took my first Muay Thai class here and absolutely loved it!!
I was pushed during the entire class.
High intensity.
I really liked the instructor Daniel!!
-- He was GREAT!!!
Jump ropes, kicks, bag work.
Only complaint was that the class is large and it is a little hard to hear during the class with all the noise in the gym.
Would definitely come back!!

These guys clearly miss represent their company!!
By saying and I quote  "you can cancel anytime with a month notice no hassles" Per sales rep  You can NOT cancel!
You are are locked into the contract  Unless you can prove one of 3 reasons  Dead being one of them.
They also promise to give you 1 free month per referral     And excuse after excuse why you have not received it and ( not just me)  These guys are a joke not to mention they are very rude through out your duration of contract  I specificity ASKED the sales rep about canceling  And clearly they are told by upper management to " misrepresent " the policy so consumers will sign up  I see a lawsuit in the future of this gym!
STAY AWAY!!!!!
NEGATIVE STARS

A good place to train.
The facility is large, clean and the staff is very friendly.The Instructors are pretty cool and knowledgeable.It makes me feel like Chuck Liddell when I'm in there.Now I just need a head tattoo and a mohawk!yeah!
UFC!

The welcome that I received from the reps at the the desk and the sales rep, Trent, made me feel comfortable enough to sign up on my first visit without feeling pressured.
Between knowing a few people that have been training here for some time and the strong presence that I've seen  at all of the competitions for the combat arts,there honestly wasn't much of a haggle when it came down to signing up.
I guess when you have a positive environment that's run this well and full of champions (in and out of the ring/cage/mat)  there isn't a need to sugarcoat anything.
It's motivating to experience the energy of a serious gym where kids are training next to modern day samurais and growing from the inside out!!!
This facility comes with an experience that will make you come back for more; pleasure or pain :)

I truly love this gym and the people in it.
Not only have I lost 20 lb in a little over 2 months, proof that the results work, but every time I go in there, I am treated not only with the utmost of respect; but damn near like a superstar.
Some gyms brag of being a family atmosphere, but Power backs up their words 100 percent and treats you with the same respect they do the talented list of pros who train under their banner.
I can't recommend this place enough to you.
Stop on in and check it out for yourself.
Trust me, the second you see what it is all about here, you will never want to train anywhere else.

