I'll be honest, I am not a fan of the furniture here.
I think it is aimed at a slightly older market than myself.
However, they do have a line of German kitchens, and when we went to visit back in March, a 50% sale on.
With a tight budget, we thought this was going to be the perfect opportunity to buy a new kitchen and keep within the limits of what finances we had.
Bear in mind - at this point I have never shopped for appliances, fixtures or fittings or any whathaveyou.
I have no idea on the price of anything, and I have a terrible habit of paying for what I want without thought of looking elsewhere.
We enter the storeroom and within minutes have found a stunning, amazing, perfect kitchen with everything we want.
It's fantastic.
I can't believe our luck!
We grab an assistant and start tucking into the biscuits (who leaves mini eggs out for their customers?!
) as she draws up a plan for our tiny no room to swing a cat kitchen.
We get a cost back.
We haven't decided on appliances, and we're fitting it ourselves.
The cost for the units only is over 10k.
Bear in mind that we went in during a 50% off sale.
And we have to pay the whole price upfront before the kitchen is ours - deposit and then the rest by the time the kitchen is delivered otherwise we don't get the benefit of the 50%.
Ouch.
Luckily for us, we found the same kitchen elsewhere and much better suited overall to our budget, but I can't see how a kitchen unit can demand that price.
Staff were helpful, but overall, it's not somewhere likely to see my pennies, or my pounds.

It's worth starting out this review to say that the four starts is for customer service and extensive selection.
If I'm completely honest, I agree with Catriona; the furniture here is aimed at an older market and is, for the most part, not to my taste.
Think, lots of comfortable chairs and sofas,   I came here last week, lured in by a letter in the post talking about huge discounts and free Pimms.
Free Pimms convinced me, the discounts convinced The Man.
Admittedly the "discount" was a bit of a crock.
You could only use it that day and it was up to £500 off your purchase.
So, you really had to impulse buy to be able to use it.
It got us in the door, though, as I know was intended.
We were looking for a wardrobe and a kitchen.
We unfortunately did not see a very large array of wardrobes, and found none that we liked.
However, we did like one of the kitchens they were displaying.
We had a chat with the girl who looked after the kitchens and she was incredibly helpful and efficient.
She sat us down right there and mocked up exactly what the space would look like.
She was very understanding of our tight budget and made some great money-saving suggestions.
She was actually the best kitchen salesperson we've come across and we have spoken to LOADS.
She didn't try to sell us anything above what we needed, and didn't give us the sales patter, just the facts.
We walked away not sure if we wanted that kitchen, but wanting to give her our business.

I keep getting mail from Richard F Mackay, telling me all about the amazing sales they're having.
In desperate need of a wardrobe, I took a look on their website and The Man and I headed down.
We were both a bit surprised that there wasn't anything near the amount of furnishings displayed on their website IN the actual store.
When enquiring about this, a sales assistant informed us that the manufacturers uploaded the images to the website and often didn't take them down.
Eh, what now?
In the age of the internet, they really really need a better and more accurate website.
We were disappointed to not see anything we were interested in on the shop floor, but it was explained to us that they have several catalogues for customers to go through and furnishings can be ordered that way.
It's a good system which means that they provide much more than appears on first look at the showroom.
Back to the bad, the sales assistant wasn't able to tell us the price of the piece we decided we liked.
Let's be honest, the vast majority of people shopping at Richard F Mackay's super January sale will be there looking for a deal - by that I mean, price is important.
Price really wins over looks to a great extent.
I don't want to spend time going through a catalogue, picking out a wardrobe, discussing the right varnish, and then finding out two days later that the wardrobe we liked was almost SEVEN THOUSAND POUNDS.
Seriously?!?!
Because sure, of course we have 7k to burn on a wardrobe, that's why we're at the super January sale, clutching the £80 off voucher.

I was really please from start to finish with Mackay's.
After having their bumf come through my door for years thought i had better go in and see what the fuss was about (have to admit the offer of a glass of Pimm's and strawberries and cream may have helped sway me!).
Anyway went in and had a wee look around.
We found a couple of sofa's we liked but really were not sure which one to go with.
The sales guy, Jason, just left us to it and was there when we needed to ask some questions.
He really knew his stuff but was not too techinical with the info.
When we finally decided (after 2 glasses of Pimms) was chuffed that it was in stock and they could deliver the next day.
Sofa now in the house and sooo happy with it.
Woudl definetly recommend Mackay's.
The sales guys are great, the delivery guys take away your old sofa and the Pimm's just tops it all off!

Having posted a review on Richard F Mackays before i have only just realised it seems to have disappeared.
If somewhere has given me excellent customer service I like to tell people about it.
Jason the salesman was very helpful and very knowledgeable (never knew there could be so much to know about a sofa!).
Got it delivered straight away and the delivery guys were excellent and took my old one away.
I even got a glass of Pimm's on arrival.
Now that is a bonus in my books!
If you are looking for good quality furniture by sales guys who are not pushy this si the place to go!

