I've been to Red Squirrel twice in as many weeks because of the handy location (very close to Filmhouse, Usher Hall and Traverse), its great menu deals and nice atmosphere.
Admittedly, I didn't have high hopes the first time I visited the establishment.
It's located in a unit on Lothian Road that has had many owners over the last few years and I've never been very enamoured with any of Red Squirrel's predecessors.
However, I was pleasantly surprised to find that the pub is well presented, has a good atmosphere and doesn't suffer from a cheap and nasty vibe.
The menu is good quality pub grub, and there's a great deal on two courses for £10 and three courses for £13 - brilliant!
The place is owned by the folk that take care of Holyrood 9A, so there were some great burgers on offer as well as other pub grub staples like mac and cheese, fish and chips and some more unusual items like a "plank" of food to share.
On my first visit I ordered the veggie haggis burger and then a dessert of sticky toffee pudding.
My second visit afforded tomato and basil soup, followed by the veggie haggis burger (again).
The portion sizes are very hearty and the staff are pleasant and accommodating.
The food is excellent value for money and very tasty.
There are also some good deals on alcohol and a fab selection of beer.
I spied WEST brewery steins of lager on my first visit.
My only jibe is that burgers are served on wooden trays with grease-proof paper.
The grease proof paper quickly gets soggy and rips apart - sometimes sticking to your food - so a minor inconvenience to an otherwise fab dinner.
Not too sure why the paper is even there in the first place!
Overall, a worthwhile place to visit in the centre of Edinburgh.
Long may Red Squirrel continue.

I really like The Red Squirrel.
Very much of the same vein as Hollyrood 9A but much more accessible and i think also offers something different.
They are two difference styles of bar but both around a similar concept of really good quality drink at the up price end with really good quality food which is very good value.
Basically you pay for what you get, the bars specialty is beers and it has a fantastic and well thought through selection which are very well kept although more expensive for beers that you might find in other Edinburgh bars but not all together like here.
Really good place overall and nice atmosphere.

I recently acquired the nickname "squirrel", due to a mishearing of my name, where Cheryl evolved (or went the opposite way...I am hopefully more evolved than a medium sized rodent) into Squirrel.
Not an offensive nickname in any way, I quite like the red squirrel as it goes, even if they are becoming endangered, and spend their time hiding away from their grey counterparts...actually, I think I'd rather be a grey squirrel, but without the bullying tendencies.
Anyway, this is hugely neither here nor there, and completely irrelevant, but I did choose to go to Red Squirrel one Sunday evening, purely based on the name, and with zero regard for what the menu might possibly be like.
I did do a very swift bit of online research, and discovered the rouge squirrel was related to Holyrood 9A, which I very much like.
I was also quite keen to give this new Lothian road addition a chance, given that it's not an area I tend to frequent for food very often, aside from the Filmhouse.
I am always indecisive when it comes to choosing food, and on this specific evening I was particularly indecisive, but in the end I opted for the £10 for two courses indicated on the board, which is a bloody good deal, let's be honest.
My £10 got me a large bowl of tomato soup, with two big hunks of bread, and a burger, topped with guacamole and Orkney cheddar, with some fries and a coleslaw concoction of some kind.
The portions are generous, and in no way correspond to the lowness of price, which is a plus obviously.
The soup was good, and tasty enough, but needed a wee bit of seasoning.
The burger was pretty standard, which was a tiny bit disappointing considering guacamole and cheddar are normally a winning combination when heaped on top of beef, but I just wasn't hugely in love with the burger's texture or taste, plus the chips and the coleslaw needed something -  just a little bit of extra flavour.
All in all though, not bad considering the price.
On a good note, my friends and I did happily sit here for a few hours, blethering with a bottle of wine quite comfortably.
I like the interior, I think they've made it chilled and welcoming, and I'm actually still drawn to the place because of its name, because I can be shallow like that.
Maybe I'll return and try out another two courses for £10 experience, or maybe even 3 courses for £13, but realistically, considering the size of the portions, I think managing a finale of sticky toffee pudding might be pushing it, even for me.

Been in a couple of times and have to say it hasn't dipped in my estimation.
Opted for a red hot burger, think quality meat product, cooked to perfection then swamped in molten lava and fresh chillies.
I asked for extra chillies because I'm an idiot.
Washed it all down with a pint of Blue Moon.
Staff lovely and prices make this place a real competitor and worthy of the extended stroll from the regular haunts if Princess Street.
The beer selection isn't too bad either.
The wait for food was perhaps a bit long, but I'm in no rush at the weekend!

This bar has changed hands more times than I can remember over the last 5 years, with pretty much every combination of traditional pub or trendy wine bar attempted and each one has failed to make a mark and lasted less than 12 months.
I think that pattern may now finally be broken as the Red Squirrel proves itself to be exactly what Lothian Road was missing.
As far as I know, this is owned by the same people as the Hollyrood 9A near The Pleasance, which is a great bar and an infinite improvement overs the Hollyrood Tavern that it replaced.
The winning formula has been applied to the Red Squirrel, but this is certainly not a straight up copy.
This place is a fusion of a "trendy bar", with its modern feel, great decor, upmarket drinks and very professional staff but is also somewhat a "traditional pub" in the way that it's warm, inviting, has lots of proper beer on tap and in no way feels pretentious.
I have been a good few times now, and its works just as well for a quiet afternoon lunch, drink and chat or as part of a big night out with a large group.
I was in once on a Saturday night when it was packed wall to wall after a gig at the nearby Picturehouse and still had no problem getting served at the bar, the staff were exceptional at managing a crowd.
During the day its very relaxed but even at its busiest late on a Saturday night, full of people, I found it was no problem being able to enjoy a conversation.
The music was good and not so loud that everyone needed to shout and was actually very pleasant despite the fact that I am easily irritated by bars that busy.
The food is also great, taking the tried and tested burgers from Holyrood 9A but adding more to this mix such as breakfasts, soups, salad and their take on bar classics (i.e.
fish n chips etc).
I am a huge fan of a burger that has been done properly and these burgers are of the highest quality I have found in Edinburgh, with varied and interesting toppings.
I have also tried their veggie burgers (based on portobello mushrooms, or halloumi) and they were also great although if I had one criticism it would be the mushrooms burgers are a little light on the mushrooms!
Its definitely not a cheap bar, but with the quality high you do get what you pay for and would say it offers great value.
Regardless of if you are looking for a quick lunch, a quiet afternoon pint, or to make a night of it, the Red Squirrel seems to work well under most conditions and is definitely worth a visit (or two!

I have been here a few times just for drinks and then came along for food  the other day.
It's a fairly welcoming bar with perhaps just a touch too much effort on the decor.
Very nice seating arrangement and overall a good atmosphere.
I know they haven't been open too long so I'll forgive the somewhat clumsy service that was none the less fairly effective.
The menu was really good and similar to the Holyrood 9A, which I assume is the same chain.
I had a burger and starter for £10 (a deal mon-thurs I think) which was great value.
However I must admit that the mozzarella and tomato salad was probably overpriced if you paid for it outside this deal.
The burgers were good value in general though and tasty.
Great string fries too.
They have a great selection of beers - although a few times the list was not very up to date so despite boasting 15 or so taps they didn't actually have any of the ones I actually wanted.
Would have been good to have a board with the beers that had run out.
I got a carafe (1L) of red wine for £8.50 which was surprisingly REALLY drinkable.
A few other niggles.
Lipstick on glass.
My burger came 5 mins or so after my friends (it was a pretty quiet night).
However overall a totally great night.
I will be back and hope that the next time it'll be just as impressive.
After a few more visits I will happily upgrade my star rating if it remains satisfactory!

Red Squirrel is a solid four-star establishment.
They've managed to create a perfect unisex environment by having an extensive beer selection for men and a complete lack of sports TVs for women.
Yeah, the beer is pretty expensive and the food is just not quite as good as you'd hoped, but Red Squirrel makes up for it by being a great place for couples to hang with other couples.
They've shot me right in the demographic with this one.
I'm a 24yo man-o-leisure engaged to a beautiful 24yo girl.
We don't really go to nightclubs anymore.
We don't really go to sports bars.
We don't really go to uni bars.
We go to places like this, grab a booth in the corner and quietly proclaim "These are our people".
Places like this are perfect for us to take other couples out on 'dates'.
There's no stuffy awkwardness of a fine restaurant, there's no sweaty rage at a pingin' 'nite' hole, there's only mood lighting and checkered floors to ease your descent into middleagedness.
Right in the demographic.

Visited the Red Squirrel for a work lunch meeting last week.
The staff were nice and friendly and the menu was really big with a weekday offering of two courses for £10.
I had the haggis burger with fries which was delicious, although the bread wasn't great.
Everyone else had burgers too and all seemed pretty happy.
It seems a nice place so i will probably go back one evening for a drink and see what it's like then!

I've been here a couple of times recently, once for a pre-Picture House gig drink, and once to meet a friend for a girly catch up!
A perfect venue for both!
The latest incarnation of this bar is my favourite of the past few years, and I hope to make it a regular feature on the list of places I like to go!
Tastefully done up...it kind of reminds me a cosier version of an American diner but that might just be to do with the black and white chequerboard floor!
The tables are well spaced out (mostly!
), and will accommodate varying sized groups to cosy meet-ups!
The menu isn't fancy, but is incredibly tasty, and they have a great £10 for two courses deal.
They also do a litre carafe of wine for £8.50 (and it was a pretty drinkable wine too!).
There's a massive array of beers on tap, which they change regularly for a bit of variety, and their cocktails were skillfully made (my chocolate martini was yummy!
)  The only 'spoiler' here is the fact that when a gig is on upstairs in the HMV Picture House, the vibrations of the music were extremely noticeable when you were sitting up the back of the bar!
If you were out for a quiet drink it would be pretty annoying, you may need to think about moving to the front!
Oh....and if you're eating, I'd book a table!
Apparently there are a lot of other folk that like Red Squirrel too!

Mmm...back again and have to say things are slipping a wee bit.
What happened to Brew Dog and Blue Moon beers.
I think Edinburgh has enough places to get a decent burger, but a decent selection of beers to go with them is a slightly rarer beast.
Think I ended up with a a fairly standard wheat beer.
It's not too late to re-think the booze order people.

So I am going to paint the picture here...... lazy, sunny, fabulous sunday afternoon.
I have a friend down visiting and we need some eats.
I then had a lightbulb 'AH-HA!
' moment where I suggested we go to Red Squirrel.
Having seen the menu and knowing that is one of the sister bars of Fuller and Thomson we decide you probably can't go wrong!
The interior here is much different to that in 9a, it is kinda like an American Diner with black and white tiles and all the windows along the front give a great amount of light to this place.
We were promptly seated which was great, service was good and friendly!
Although I have got to say maybe a little bit too much waiting around considering they weren't THAT busy!?
I ended up going for a strawberry milkshake.
Yum.
And Macaroni and some Garlic Bread.
It was nice, my main issue being..... not enough cheese!!
It kinda didn't taste of too much.
If I am going to order Macaroni I want it to literally have about 3 blocks of cheese in it, and this did not come close!
My friend had one of the burgers as he has tried them before and was just as pleased with the one he had here.
I like Red Squirrel.
But I have to say the selection of beer on tap here is not as good as what you would get at Holyrood, but the menu does show a little bit more diversity.
I guess it depends whats more important - beer, or food.
And for me beer wins..... every time.

I have now tried all the Holyrood 9a bars (the others being Holyrood 9a and The Southern) and eaten the burgers.
The formula is the same, the food is almost the same.
And it is in this light that I'm writing and rating Red Squirrel.
As far as pubs, bars and gastropubs go, in the area, it's a winner.
Lothian Road is a funny one, the West End of Princes Street is a funny one.
It's a shining beacon in a slightly derelict part of town when it comes to some good burger eating.
One of the few places you can get a beer and a burger.
It's also got an awesome menu, as all the Holyrood 9A bars do.
It's the same menu really (with a few changes).
Loadsa options, loads of beef burgers, chicken burgers, only one veggie burger here (as opposed to four at Holyrood 9a).
Some awesome looking breakfast options.
They've got free wifi.
They're open early till late.
It is essentially quite an awesome bar for all my needs (wifi, opening hours, breakfast, lunch, dinner, alcohol and cake).
In comparison to the other bars, there was only one slight difference here.
I asked for my chicken burger, as ever, without the bun, or onions, or cheese.
It should have come with bacon and BBQ sauce.
Instead I was given a plain chicken breast, with a little pot of BBQ sauce on the side and no bacon.
I askeda bout the bacon, and it was brought out quickly after.
But normally the chicken breast is basted in the sauce, and bacon comes as standard.
I know its really quite ridic and potentitally nit-picky of me to give it a lower rating for this reason.
The staff were AWESOME and really friendly and helpful with the wifi and happy to bring out bacon when I asked, but it just wasn't *quite* as good as the chicken burgers I had at the Southern and Holyrood 9a.
But I'm definitely coming back here for breakfast, and lunch and dinner again soon and I'm pretty sure I'll up my rating, but in fairness I can't give it the same as Holyrood when it wasn't QUITE as good.
Still, love the bar, love the staff, love the drinks, love the wifi, and if you're in the Lothian Road / West End area and in need of beers and burgers this is your place!
Ample seating inside too.

I went there for a voucher offer with my flatmate a few weeks ago.
I had relatively high expectations after reading reviews on Yelp and left fairly unimpressed.
The service was okay, but the burger I had did not leave me as impressed as it did with some reviewers.
Well it's always a matter of taste but I've had better in some other Edinburgh pubs before.
Also, we were very unlucky to end up in the back room whilst there was a rock concert at the Picture House.
I know it's not the premises' fault, but the mix of heavy bass coming from the gig venue and the music playing at the bar was a fairly uncomfortable experience for both of us.
Will probably give it another shot for drinks in the main room some time.

Red Squirrel is fine.
It serves food (which I've not tried) and beer (which I have), but finds itself somewhat lacking in atmosphere.
I came here last night (Thursday) after Napier's graduation ceremony at Usher Hall (which is like half a block from here).
I thoroughly expected it to be packed full of celebrating grads but found it pleasantly dead.
Minus the children.
What was with the children?
Is it legal to have children in bars at 7pm?
It's not like this is a restaurant that happens to serve booze, it's a bar,and shouldn't your kids be in bed by now anyway?
Weird.
As an enjoyer of the 9a, I expected a lot more from Red Squirrel than it delivered.
The place felt pretty meh and the bar staff seemed bored/tired/uninterested/something like that.
In short, glad I tried it and though I wouldn't argue if a friend wanted to go there, I certainly won't be planning a repeat visit.

Another bar that a couple of months ago seemed to be doing all things right in terms of variety & pricing which has now jumped into the £3.90  £4.50 a pint bracket.
Aren't we in a recession?
Still, voting with your feet's as good a way as any to get the message across that something's out of order.

This mostly modern bar is full of warmth, from the wonderful, friendly staff, to the butcher-block tables, small bar tables, two person booths, etc.
The variety of furnishings avoids a stale look or feel, and there's plenty of space throughout to move around.
The decent-size menu serves a surprising variety (worldwide) of food.
For me, the burger was particularly excellent.
There's also a large selection of beers on tap and in bottles.

Ok, that is how I feel about the Red Squirrel.
The other pubs (The Southern & Holyrood 9a) both took fairly run down bars and turned them into good gastropubs, somehow though the Red Squirrel can't escape the roots of Lothian Road.
While the clientele in the other two bars changed (improved) Red Squirrel is more or less still populated by an odd mixture of suits and folk having a pre-clubbing meal/drink there is a vibe I can't really describe...
The beer/cider/spirit selection is all present and correct and the food is good, though I didn't think it was as good as The Southern or Holyrood 9a, for the location though the Red Squirrel is a decent choice.
If there is a gig on in the HMV Picture House then Red Squirrel will be very busy, otherwise it varies.
So overall good, but a bit like the youngest sibling that hasn't matured yet.

Very good for Friday after work.
I like the winter chalet feeling of the place.
They have cosy areas and community benches alike.
The outside seating is Parisian and suitable for traffic /people watching.
The draft & bottled beers are plentiful and just on the itsy expensive side of OK. Service is prompt and efficient.
I haven't tried the food but the dishes that passed me were all very nice smelling and well big!
It is a strange bar / gastropub / community environment but it works - like being in an apres-ski lodge.
They also have a Wifi, however the connection to it seems to change every so often?
and is not too reliable - that may be just me though.
I know I will be visiting again

i'm between three and four stars for the red squirrel, but as it's one of the holyrood 9a bars i'll let it get the four stars.
why the debate?
well it's a bit difficult to review as i really only popped here to meet the boyfriend after work for a quick drink before heading on someplace else.
being right bang in the middle of lothian road and the financial district of edinburgh this bar was packed on a friday night!
which shows two things, either it's very popular with the business people or it's one of the few decent bars in the area.
i would tend to lean towards the latter as this place is fairly small compared to the other bars on lothian road.
however, it does have amazing burgers as i saw and smelled from the couple being served at the table behind me and they have an awesome selection of innis & gunn beers which is my preferred beer to drink.
the red squirrel definitely looks like a cool place and being branded with holyrood 9a i know the burgers will be delicious, but something about it's location isn't convincing me to rush back.
so yes, 4 stars i'm a fan because it's a good place to meet the boyfriend since he works across the street, but not such a fan because i prefer the atmosphere at the other 9a venues compared to this one.

No.
I didn't want this to happen, but my last experience was bad.
I had breakfast in the Red Squirrel.
French toast with bacon and maple syrup - added 2 fried eggs.
It was delivered promptly.
I noticed the bacon being over done - crunchy and charcoal like.
I did advise the waiter and he did not offer to replace them;  'sorry' was his response.
An empty stomach makes for sweet appetite and I did eat most of it.
A special mention needs to go to the 'french toast' - don't order this.
It is rubbery and tasteless.
I tried to liven things up with some sugar, but to no avail  Afterwards I was offered 10% as an apology for the not so nice experience and as this was only one breakfast I am not coming down on this too hard.
But it does affect my feeling of having breakfast here any time soon.

I booked a table for 13 people for lunch today - the boys in my team drooling at the concept of a lunchtime burger.
All in all it was very nice - no complaints from the team.
Not a 4 star, so I'm giving it 3 - I wish we could do half stars as I might have stretched to a 3.5.
I wasn't 'wowed' by my Pioneer burger (not after reading the rave reviews for the Holyrood 9A burgers) but it was ok and I ate it all.
The Chicken Italienne seemed to go down well as did the Bohemian (which looked like it had far too many ingredients packed into a bun for my liking)!
The service was fine - however our food came at different times even though I did put in a pre order to avoid this from happening.
I was fairly relaxed about it though as this is what normally happens with a larger group although the Manager did promise me it wouldn't.
The only annoying thing was that as the chief organiser, my burger came last for some reason, and some of the guys had nearly finished theirs.
Anyway - ok -  probably go back but only for an informal lunch.
Nothing more.

I've only been to Red Squirrel once before, and haven't been back since until a hungry tum for breakfast brought me here.
And now I realise why I've not been back.
It's a lovely bar to look at.
Big and spacious and bright.
I think I like the decor in here the most out of all three 'Holyrood 9a bars'.
The service seemed a little 'meh' though.
You know when you pick up that staff are taking it easy?
And their friends come in and banter with them right in the middle of the floor, and make you feel awkward for being there as a customer?
Yeah that.
I notice Laura D compared their burgers to Holyrood 9a.
Whilst it is the same style of menu with near-identical burger options, I can say that the Holyrood 9a is far, far superior.
The buns are the same, the toppings are the same but they just aren't as good at The Southern.
I can't put my finger on it but just... they're very meh.
So for breakfast.
My dining companion had the full breakfast and I asked for the blueberry pancakes.
They're out of pancakes.
Oh.
Ok, I'll have the granola instead then.
What turned up was pretty much a full-box-worth of granola in a bowl.
SO.
MUCH.
GRANOLA.
Luckily I'd asked for it with the compote that would have come on the greek yoghurt as I find granola alone a bit boring.
And it was.
It was just dusty, floury granola.
Not the Red Squirrels fault, a lot of granola is like this.
But when you get enough granola that would last a small family a week, it just gets so repetitive and dull.
And they'd packed it into the bowl like whoah, so it went really soggy when I covered it in milk.
Overall I just didnt really enjoy eating the granola.
The price was £4.50 or so and I'm guessing they gave me that much granola to justify a higher price.
I'd rather pay £2 for half the size.
I also heard that the full breakfast was 'meh'.
There was one small rasher of bacon that was very fatty, a really big slice of dry white toast, and it just didnt live up to the normal feast of Scottish breakfast style.
I know I"m ranting a bit about breakfast.
I think I'm just upset that Red Squirrel isn't on the same standard as Holyrood 9a (the Southern is close) which is a shame.
I'd maybe still pop in here for a drink, although given the new bars opening in the area that are really pretty awesome, Red Squirrel may have to up its game a little.

This bar is a favourite as it is right beside work, so perfect for post work drinks.
At the bottom of Lothian Road it is ideally placed for a bit of food before the theatre or a visit to Usher Hall.
You can reserve tables for drinks and/or food.
It's big and spacious with a great atmosphere and a good selection of drinks and food, particularly the burgers and sharing platters.
The staff are also really friendly too, very helpful.
There is a small outside seating area at the front, which would be great to watch the world go by from on a nice day.
My favourite meal there is the halloumi burger for sure - so tasty!
Nom nom!
Each burger comes with thin chips but you can upgrade them to sweet potato fries (the way forward!).
They have a great selection of meat and vegetarian burgers too.

We stumbled into this pub honestly  because we saw that it offered free WiFi and our hotel charged £10 a day for access so thought we would just order a beer and see if we could find a nice place to have dinner while surfing the web.
Well, once we stepped inside we were seated in a nice quiet booth and the boy got hungry so he ordered nachos.
I was a little skeptical about ordering nachos in Scotland, but they did a real good job and so we devoured the entire massive plate, stuffing our bellies (or at least mine) to the brim.
The beer list is extensive.
While looking at the menu, we noticed that they also order a breakfast special - two country breakfasts (one egg, haggis, sausage, beans, toast, tomato and mushrooms) + one coffee for I believe somewhere between £10-£11.
Neither of us had ever had haggis and this was obviously on my bucket list for Edinburgh, so we came here.
Breakfast was good, but the egg was definitely overcooked.
Otherwise a very tasty breakfast.

Hallllooooooooooooumiii!
You guessed it, the halloumi burgers here are fantabulous!
I am yet to waver from ordering one in my 3 visits here, although I've heard great things from my friends who have have sampled the other dishes available.
Besides the name, another reason I like the Red Squirrel is for the cider and beer - there is great selection of yummy beverages, from Thistly Cross to Blue Moon, and it is a great place for after-work gossiping with friends.
It is also a really handy location and is spacious so I've never had a problem with it being too busy (on week nights).
Lastly, the sweet potato fries are the bomb!

