Late nite munchies and beer a winner on Leith.
With their fantastic bar menu this place has become a real late night hit with Leithers.
As one of the only places with a 2/3am closing time this place has become a buzz with late night customers.
They serve up some cracking naans and dahls as well as an assortment of tasty seafood done in stunning fresh tasty sauces.!!
If you have read many of my reviews you will know how I feel about seafood, they have theirs delivered fresh from newhaven ona regular basis and it really shows.
For a meal its not a place for a quick bite to eat, best to order some nibbles and enjoy a beer as due to the fact the food is made to order the waiting times can be quite long.
but hell is it worth it, lip smackingly good spice and ferocious flavour!!
JD = Happy man!
P.s.
A must try for any Leither.
P.p.s Non Leithers stay away its our you cant have it

After a long wait I was finally at Guchhis last night for dinner.
My partner was there for a meal a couple of weeks back and thought the week-day tapas menu was tasty and good value.
Maybe if we'd had this option I would have left with a slightly more positive feelings about the place!
On the plus side, it was a nice, bright restsurant with good space and a friendly atmosphere.
The staff were very attentive and went to the effort of preparing my friend a surprise birthday pudding : )   However, I (and quite a few of our group) felt the menu was extremely over-priced for what turned out to be fairly ordinary food of extremely small portions.
I was quite looking forward to my first ever tandoori dish which, at £15, proved to be a more than a wee bit dissapointing when 4 king prawns turned up on a plate : ( Tasty though they were...they were far from exceptional.
The house wine was also a let down.
A cheap supermarket wine, normally found in 3 for £10 offers, cost us £13.99 and we were only glad the curry killed the taste!
I'd go back and give this place a second chance with their tapas menu....but suggest for the future they either lower their prices or increase their portions....and definately get their wines sorted out!
Failing that, I'd take the money I would have spent, hopped on a bus to Methven in Perthshire and eat another meal of the most amazing indian food I've ever had!
(A restaurant by the name of Chatni!

We have been a few times and we've always had great service and fantastic food.
Their indian tapas is a great deal, and their dahl is my favourite in Edinburgh.
A great addition to Leith

Had a lovely meal at Guchhi on Saturday night.
The place was busy, but overall it didn't feel harried to dine there - in fact, it was the opposite.
The tapas dishes were tasty (black lentils - all chipotle smoky goodness, what a surprise!
) with only the chargrilled prawns feeling like the poorer child, but only in flavour, but beautifully cooked.
Aloo chana was fantastic and sealed the meat-eating Silent Reviewer's fate as a chickpea lover (it won't be long now til I get him off bovine and onto bream and broccoli!).
Sweet and sour haddock had a lovely delicate flavour - much more understated than that of the Chinese variety.
For me, I wasn't a big fan of the naans we ordered, I found them too thin and dry, but the SR disagreed on that particular point.
And 2-3 tapas dishes - more than plenty, especially when sharing, even though I really did want to squeeze in the scallops with chilli butter, we just couldn't.
But, it's a place I want to return to, so hopefully next time, I will.

I really enjoyed Guchhi.
I thought the quality of the dishes was very high, and the tapas selection had a really good variety to it.
Service was first rate and I liked the decor of the place, too.
Well worth a visit, I'd say.
Overall, we said: "Guchhi was really rather good, offering satisfying dishes at a very reasonable cost.
It's a great late place, given that it serves until 2am, so I can imagine it's somewhere we may well visit again for late evening nibbles.

Ended up down the shore trying to avoid the festival madness on a rainy sunday afternoon and happened on Guchhi by accident.
The food was excellent we had a mix of mussels, scallops, madras and chicken pakora on their 5 tapas for £20 deal.
The nan and pilau rice that we ordered were a step above the average too.
If you find yourself down the shore I would definately recommend a visit to Guchhi, great food and service.

Swings and roundabouts I have to say for Guchhi....I've been here a number of times as it is literally 3 minutes walk from where I live and tapas in any cuisine is my preferred way of eating.
The first couple of times I went my partner and I loved it.
The quality of the meat, seafood and cooking was excellent.
The same goes for the service, excellent.
However recently when we've been in we've had mix ups with our order (which we ended up paying for) and the quality of the dishes served just didn't seem to be up to scratch.
I ordered the Chicken Pakora in there last weekend and some of the chicken came out raw in the middle...not good if you're nearly 6 months pregnant like me.
I don't think I'll be back there until a number of reviewers convince me otherwise to be honest - such a shame as it does have potential...

This place is the best Indian food my wife and I have ever had.
The service is excellent the atmosphere is perfect.
If you Havant been you have to go.
You won't be disappointed trust us.
Scott&Nikki

I went to Guchhi on a Saturday evening a couple of weeks ago.
2 stars might appear a bit frugal to some of the Yelpers who swear by this place but I can assure you I did not make the decision lightly.
It was carefully calculated by using a system which shall be explained in detail if you read on.
The waiter took our drinks order and asked us if we wanted Poppadums to start with which we said yes to.
The poppadums arrived with mango chutney and a hot and sweet onion dip which we demolished within seconds   We ordered 4 items from the Tapas menu - The Chilli Tandoori Kind Prawns, Chilli Butter Scallops, Butter Chicken and Lamb Rogan Josh with Pilau Rice and Peshwari Naan.
The waiter appeared a bit concerned that we only wanted 4 Tapas dishes between us and asked us several times if we were sure we only wanted those many.
He almost seemed like a salesman whose commission earned was directly proportional to the dishes we ordered.
The Chilli Tandoori King prawns - beautifully spiced and cooked to perfection - 5 stars   Butter Chicken - pretty average - 2 stars  Lamb Rogan Josh - lamb was nice and tender but the sauce wasn't very flavoursome and missed the oomph that I had expected.
- 2 stars  The Chilli Butter Scallops - Highly disappointing.
We got 4 tiny (circumference of just over a 5 pence coin) scallops in their shells smothered in sauce which completely overpowered the delicate scallops - 1 star  The score averages to 2.5 stars.
It may seem unfair but I had to take away 0.5 for being charged separately for the dips that were served with the poppadums which we hadn't explicitly ordered.
It could've just been a bad day at the office for the chef and I do hope I am more impressed the next time I visit.

\\ L O C A T I O N \\  The general area of Commercial Street at the bottom of Leith is getting better.
Although quite industrial at points, there is a real sense that in years to come it will be a lovely polished letter "L".
\\ G U C H H I \\  Inside the decor was quite fresh, not over crowded and quite typically modern Indian in my point of view (if you get what I mean) : *[neat, tidy, relatively classy but not OTT, spacious, respectable, and all pulled together with soft mellow music playing in the background]*   \\ O F F E R S \\  Speaking of "Classy", a group of us had a Groupon vouched for 8 Tapas dishes and 4 cocktails!
Worked out about £7.50 each with this offer.
However, we did add on two naan breads, 2 rices, and were offered poppadoms and dips at the start (which we did actually think were complimentary..., and ended up not being).
Add a bottle of rose and a cola to this and the total for added bits and pieces came to £31 (so pretty much another £8 per person for the Poppadoms & Dips, Half a Naan Bread & Half Rice, a Glass of Wine and a Shot of Cola if we had done so - which is reasonable per person but was quite sneaky regarding the "chip [poppadoms] & dip").
Having said that, £15 per person for what we had was quite good.
The menu was filled with things I'd never heard of [being a less than part time Indian Foodie], so it took us a while to order but we finally got there!
\\ F O O D \\  As a group we kind of ordered a bit of everything and planned to have a nibble of everything - don't think it really happened with us [probably cause the table was smothered with an array of different Indian cuisines] but the overall quality of the food was good.
There was nothing I would say that was negative about the food but also I'd say that there was nothing spectacular about it either.
One of the dips that was served at the start with the poppadoms was a spiced sauce with chunks of lime!...
It was odd as I first thought it was some sort of vegetable but upon realising it's super juicy sour taste I stayed away from that one.
I suppose it was kind of mixing the super hot chili with the lime to get a balance...   \\ G O O D   F O R \\  Groups, Couples, Friends, Bar, [Open until 2 AM which I presume the bar will be occupied mostly and also maybe for late night food servings - It delivers so I presume it caters for Take Away also]

I want to preface this entire review with: it really should and could be at least a four, and it's a really nice place and I liked it!
I was swithering between three and two stars, but I'm giving it credit for potential.
Guchhi really has the stuff to make itself a hero of Leith, and I regret this will read as a pretty negative review... because instead of one big flaw dragging it down, which I could mention in passing and scoot on by, there are lots of little things that will take longer to talk about, making this probably sound more like a two-star review.
So, again, reiterating - it's a really nice place and I liked it.
However, it's looking a bit tired on the outside - the door frame is peeling and tattered, but once I got in, I felt myself smile, because it's really quite lovely.
Big high ceilings, clever decoration, a very lovely swinging egg chair (I WANT ONE!
), warm and toasty, and a general sense of elegance.
We came on a Groupon deal for four tapas and two cocktails at about £16 (I can't remember the exact amount) and were fully prepared for a lovely seafood feast.
However, the waiter swiftly informed us that all fish was off.
Shellfish, fine, but no fishywishy.
It hadn't come in off the boat.
Well, I mean, I thought that the good part of that was that the fish they serve is fresh, but the bad part is that the fish they serve they actually don't serve.
The manner in which the news was delivered to us suggested that this is very much standard routine at lunchtimes: half the menu (at least) is out of bounds.
O...kay...
So I plumped for a clam starter, Sarah L had the mussels, and we both went for a chickeny thing for main.
A big plus point is that my fear with tapas is a lack of size, and with only four between us I thought I would leave very hungry (even though we added some rice and chapatti to our order), but that wasn't an issue here.
I had a bit of a job digging around to find the clams inside the shells under all that sauce, but despite their playful game of hide-and-seek, they were plentiful and tasty.
My first clam experience!
The butter chicken I had for main was nice - I'm not sure I'd pay the price on the menu for it, but it was nice.
More my kind of thing than the clams, in fact, since I'm a fan of all things chicken.
It's also worth noting that we had booked the deal for last week, but they rang up and asked us to change it due to some kitchen issue or other.
The deal included cocktails, but alas, there was a mocktail fail.
I think what I was delivered was actually, basically, just mango juice.
It was nice, sure, but the girl had vowed some kind of mocktaily thing.
Ah yes, the girl.
There were two tables occupied - ours, and another table of two.
It's quite a big place, so it's a shame that it was so empty on a Friday lunchtime in such a good location.
I guess sometimes I'd be inclined to forgive cold and unsmiling service if a place were heaving with people, thinking "gosh, it must be so tough to deal with all of these people; I know I could never do this job well".
But really, when there are four people in your restaurant, it's not hard to raise a bit of conversation or at least smile, rather than saying the bare minimum.
This wasn't Voucher Treatment (I know some people say they're ill-treated because they come on a voucher) because she was like it from the off, before Sarah presented the voucher.
So... she was just naturally mardy.
So, in summary: no fish dishes (in which they're supposed to specialise), unfriendly and somewhat dilatory service, lame attempt at some kind of non-alcoholic cocktail, BUT nice place, decent food, good portions.
I do want to go back, perhaps in an evening, and try it again.
Because, like I said, it's lovely - or it ought to be.
It's got all the potential, and it clearly has been for other Yelpers in the past.

