I was lucky enough to win an Initial Evaluation, which was donated by Your Dog Guru, at a charity auction.
From the start, I have been impressed with the quality of service I received.
Jimi was prompt and clear in his communication, as well as accommodating to my schedule.
He was calm and respectful while working with my dogs (a Boxer and Miniature Dachshund) and, without much information from me, accurately assessed their issues--exactly as I experience them.
He asked appropriate questions and gave me plenty of time to ask mine.
He provided practical guidance and since I have implemented some of his suggestions, my experience with my dogs has improved.
Observing him work with the dog that accompanied him was inspiring!
Jimi is fun to work with and above all, conducts himself and his business with integrity.

Terrible customer service.
It starts off with a seedy google voice account as the phone number.
From my experience most ppl who use google voice do not have a credible business or are trying to hide something by screening calls first.
I still give them a shot.
I call and of course no answer.
I leave a message and 2 minutes later I get a call back.
Yep I was right, screening calls.
Must be dodging bill collectors.
Who knows...
I then proceed to ask questions in regards to training.
His only answer was.
"Have you been to my site".
I'm sorry, I called to feel out, your personality and ask specific questions.
Not be referred to a site you did not even create and that has cut and paste info.
I highly recommend to stay away from this trainer.
There are many more in the Phoenix area that will assure your dog is in good hands.
This shady company isn't one of them.
-poor customer service -shady business practices -rude

I rescued Maggie from a very neglectful situation and when I got her home I didn't realize the amount of trauma she had.
She was anxious and afraid of everything and everyone.
I didn't think she would ever be "normal".
Jimi not only helped me with her commands but he also fixed her fear issues.
Thank you for everything!!

I highly recommend The Dog Guru.
Not only did we see immediate results in our dog with simple "make sense" tutorials for us, he also happened to have a dog he was training for someone else with him that we were able to watch after our session.
It had me and my whole family in awe, and telling people about it this whole week!
Amazing!
We have been working with our dog the last few days since the session and I am happy to report amazing results.
I noticed a bad review that mentioned his website and timeliness?...and I would only say that a website doesn't train your dog and the information was helpful.
I am not sure what Miracle others might be looking for, but he was100% in tune with our dog and our family while he was with us and loved what he does.
I look forward to seeing him again when our dog has mastered our new skills.
Thanks Jimi!

