I went to Stork Vision in Chandler because I wanted to go somewhere that I knew an experienced ARDMS® registered sonographer would be performing my ultrasound.
I worried about having someone not all that experienced fishing around, not really knowing how to get the best images and possibly putting my baby in harm.
I went to the right place.
Jill is the owner and she performed my ultrasound.
She has many years of experience and is properly licensed.
She also made the appointment a wonderful experience for my husband and I and she has a great personality and kind demeanor.
We were anxious to know the sex of our baby and I am happy to say we're having the baby boy we had hoped for!
The facility is in a great location with Chandler mall and Bye Bye Baby just down the street.
I wish we could have stopped by there and started our baby registry, but it was football Sunday and my husband wanted to get back home right away.
The facility offers a lot of great products for sale that are very cute.
The ultrasound room was clean and comfortable.
There is a large screen TV on the wall for us to view our baby.
Jill was able to produce some great shots of our lil guy for us.
Afterwards we received a CD and print outs.
I wound recommend Stork Vision Chandler to any expectant parents who would like to view their baby in 3D or 4D.
It was a great experience for us and I'm so glad we did it.

we went for our second ultrasound at this location today and had a great time.
Very professional, clean and knowledgeable.
She really took the time to help us see our baby girl clearly!

When I called to make my 30 week ultrasound appointment over the phone with Jill, I only had 1 main question.
I asked: 1.
We do NOT want to know the gender; is that a problem?
She assured me that it would not be an issue.
I excitedly booked the appointment, immediately wrote down the time & cost on my calendar, and was really looking forward to sharing our ONLY ultrasound experience of the pregnancy with our families.
When we first got to the appointment with all our family members, I went to the counter to pay and reminded Jill we did not want her to reveal the gender.
Suddenly she said I had to pay MORE than what she told me over the phone.
I asked why and she immediately became defensive saying that *I* misunderstood, that *I* was not remembering correctly, and that she has to "be fair and charge everyone the same price because of the threat of any deals being leaked on social media".
UMM, WHAT!??!
I understand not being able to hand out deals, but I was NOT asking for a deal - I was simply asking why I wasn't being charged the price SHE told me over the phone when I made the appointment.
Her excuse was that repeat customers during the same pregnancy get a discount - Well, that's fine but I NEVER gave the impression that I had already had an earlier ultrasound with her during this pregnancy.
I told her multiple times this is the only ultrasound we would be having for the entire pregnancy!
She even admitted to documenting the lower price on my information sheet (and showed me where she wrote it), but refused to give me that price (!!!).
I was so upset that she kept blaming me for her mistake and that she continued to argue about it.
Once I put my money back in my wallet and told my husband I was ready to leave, her tune changed and she finally said she would honor the price she told me over the phone.
Feeling bad that family had traveled out of town for the event, I agreed and we went through with the ultrasound.
I honestly wish that I hadn't.
I was almost in tears with how she unprofessionally handled the situation and how she immediately accused me of being a liar that it completely ruined the special experience for me.
I had been here 2 years earlier for my first pregnancy and had a good experience then, but based on how I was rudely treated yesterday, I will never again refer anyone to Jill at Stork Vision in Chandler.
If you want to be treated with respect, support someone else's business.

We just experienced one of the happiest mornings of our lives at Stork Vision this morning.
Jill met with us bright and early so that we could get a peek of our baby for the first time.
Having never been pregnant before, it was helpful to have an ultrasound performed by someone as knowledgeable and experienced as Jill.
She was very informative and was able to get some incredibly clear pictures of our baby as well as a definitive gender determination, even at 16 weeks!
The office is very inviting and clean.
If you are pregnant, you absolutely must get a 3D ultrasound!
It was some of the best $85 we have ever spent!
Thank you so much!
We'll be back at 30 weeks!

