I love their cupcakes.
I had several.
You can buy them at farmer's markets or if you are lucky you can buy a deal of the day in some of the sites that offer them.
I had some from Doozy and Nikki, the owner, was really nice.
I love the chocolate one with jalapeno raspberry jam.
Not sure if she had them anymore.
Also the "apple pie" and red velvet.
When you get one of those deals, she will deliver them to your home.
That is awesome.

Bought a Groupon for Cupcake Cafe and did not know what to expect.
The owner could not be any nicer and the cupcakes could not be any better.
We had a birthday party for my Aunt and had exactly a dozen people for the party.
Out of the 12 people( who really love cupcakes) not one of us were disappointed.
We got the coconut, apple pie and chocolate peanut butter.
We loved all of them equally and every one wanted SECONDS.
They were moist, a perfect amount of frosting and just plain delish!

These are the best cupcakes I've ever had.
So, so much better than Tammy Coe or any of the other dozen I've tried in the valley.
And here is the best advice I've EVER given on Yelp:  Order the Nutella frosting on Banana.
It will absolutely, completely, and guaranteed blow your mind.
I'm dead serious.
The other flavoers are good to great.
Never had a bad flavor.
But the Nutella (and I'm not a big Nutella fan, never putting it on anything), are transcendent.
Honestly, these things disappear at my office, at my home, at parties, faster than anything I've ever seen.
I've never seen anyone stop at one... unless it was the last one or they see a 5 year old walking over to it, and are socially shamed by reaching out to take the last one.
I have a hard time paying "full bakery" prices for things.
Cakes, cupcakes, etc.
If you've never tried this place, I don't blame you for being very skeptical for "delivery cupcake" prices.
But the Cupcake Cafe could honestly double their prices and I would still pay the price (but don't do it... just dont!!!).
Seriously, order today.
And read my other reviews if you think I'm someone that just gives out 5 star reviews like candy on Halloween.
I'm normally brutal!

I first met the owner, Nicki, at the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market.
My  husband and I had started to frequent this one and of course the sign for cupcakes caught our eye!
Who can resist cupcakes?
We struck up a conversation that lasted for several hours, because her attitude and personality is just the best, you don't want to walk away!
And who could, there's cupcakes there!
The award winning Red Velvet is to die for, but I've never had a single flavor that I didn't like!
What's so great about the Cupcake Cafe is that Nicki is constantly doing new flavors, so there's no stagnant choices from week to week.
She's very creative, even going so far as to make savory cupcakes {her Deep Dish Pizza won a prize at Cupcake Love-In}  I've done some photography for them as well, and they couldn't have been more pleasant to work with.
I look forward to working with them more {cupcake samples?
yes?
} and especially excited for holiday flavors!

I also purchased a Groupon for the Cupcake Cafe and was pleasantly surprised by the great customer service from Nicki the owner.
We communicated by email and she was always quick to respond.
The deal from Groupon offered one dozen of one flavor; but it was so hard to decide!
Nicki was so accommodating--my order consisted of four flavors (I couldn't make up my mind what I wanted)--red velvet, carrot cake, churro and banana nut.
We've tasted three flavors and so far, I am very impressed with each one of them.
I give Nicki and her Cupcake Cafe five giant stars--for a great product and for caring so much about her customers!

Just received my delivery of cupcakes that I purchased through Nicki's Groupon!
I asked for the baker's choice (four flavors she picks).
The cupcakes are absolutely beautiful (sparkly for New Year's Eve!
) and taste phenomenal.

The Cupcake Cafe is so wonderful!
The owner, Nicki created the most amazing cupcakes for the 250 guests at my Wedding in October 2011.
We had an equal amount of the flavors Wedding Cake, Red Velvet, & Chocolate, all with edible glitter!
People were literally sneaking them from the cupcake table, which was hilarious.
I'm so happy everyone loved them!
Not only that, I still get continuously asked by friends & family 3 months later where I got our cupcakes from, & always send them to Nicki at The Cupcake Cafe :)  You can see pictures of our cupcakes & cupcake stand Nicki brought for us here:  http://theolsenadventures.blogspot.com/2012/01/our-wedding-details.html

The most awesome chocolate cake pops!
My choco-holic said they are like eating a brownie on a stick.

I'd like to begin by saying that I'm a HUGE dessert snob!
I will not eat anything unless it is freshly made and contains real butter, cream and eggs.
And absolutely no ingredients I cannot pronounce.
I've been known to drive for hours just to seek out a good bakery.
I purchased the Groupon for Cupcake Cafe because I'm constantly seeking out the best treats in the Valley.
I ordered all red velvet (my absolute favorite and hence I have even higher standards for that).
I remember when I first got the package, I was shocked that butter was not in the main ingredients for the cake itself.
I was however relieved that the cream cheese frosting did contain butter and real cream cheese.
I hesitantly took a bite fully thinking I would be disappointed.
Boy was I ever schooled!!!
These cupcakes are hands down, the best I've ever had in the valley!!
Actually, anywhere.
And I would know.
If there's a cupcake shop to be found in the Phoenix area, I've been there and tried it.
These ones really do take the cake.
They are always moist and just the right texture.
Everything I would expect from a true baker.
That is why I immediately kicked myself for not purchasing more than one Groupon.
However, Nicki is all about customer service, she gives a discount to repeat customers.
If you're looking for a good cupcake, splurge and get these...but don't make the mistake (as I did) of telling people you'll have cupcakes because I guarantee you will not want to share them.
Or meet up with Nicki at one of the farmer's markets.

Hmm, these cupcakes are not very good.
I've tried gourmet cupcakes all over north america and these taste a lot like cake mix.
The icing is uninspired.
I've given them a two star because they have awesome customer service, and they arrive on time.
Delivery option is amazing.
Don't get me wrong, the cupcakes are OK!
They just aren't gourmet.

I love the Cupcake Cafe.
The owner Nicki delivers your order right to your door, or if you are lucky, you can find her at several Farmers' Markets (check her schedule).
I like that I can order classic chocolate cupcakes with delicious vanilla butter cream frosting.
They are fresh, don't fall apart, and you don't have to choose a filled cupcake or exotic flavor... unless that's what you prefer.
Her customer service is great.
There are more famous cupcakes, but we think these are the best.

I love the cupcake cafe.
I first found them when I was pregnant and had a cupcake craving.
They were so satisfying that I still have cravings even though I am not pregnant anymore.
The owner is so nice and always remembers us when we stop by.
She goes to a lot of farmers markets so be sure to add her on Facebook to see where she is at that weekend.
Also make sure to get there early because she can sell out quickly.
My favorite thing to get it the sampler packs because you can get a lot of variety with small bites.

I love Cupcake Cafe!
Best cupcakes anywhere!
Prices and delivery is great too!

My wife loves the cupcake cafe.
I know when I am in trouble to get her a cupcake and it will make her happy.
The delivery option is great if you are having a party or event.
I also enjoy the cupcakes.
My favorite is the coconut flavor.

Love them!
I first had them at the Farmer's market on Cactus and we ended up having them at our wedding as little "sweet" gifts for guests to take home.
Everyone loved them:)

Nicki was one of my favorite vendors for our wedding!
She is really laid back and fun to work with but she definitely knows what she is doing!
Her customer service is excellent and she works with your ideas and tries to help in anyway possible.
We had a fairly large wedding, 150 guests, Nicki made cupcakes for us in THREE different flavors because I couldn't choose just one, we had carrot cake(DELICIOUS and my favorite), Lemon cake, and wedding cake flavored cupcakes, she also did a custom order of cake pops that looked like a bride and a groom.
Oh and also not to mention she made us a small cake to cut for wedding pictures which also tasted amazing, She was so helpful!
Trust me TRY ANYTHING made by her!
You'll love it guaranteed!
Our wedding day was so beautiful and I had so many guests compliment the cake pops and cupcakes asking where they were from so they could get some for themselves!
You won't be disappointed!
:o)

I really liked the Cupcake Cafe!
I bought the Groupon and then emailed the company to place my order.
I got a mixed dozen to be delivered to my dorm in downtown Phoenix.
The woman Nikki who owns the business was super friendly via email as I ordered my cakes!
Unfortunately part of my order was wrong.
I emailed the owner to complain about the issue and she responded right away offering to bring me the rest of my order.
It was the best costumer service I have received.
Plus the cupcakes were DELICIOUS!!!
Of course I adored their famous red velvet but the rest were moist.
They also got the buttercream icing just right!
I would totally order from the Cupcake Cafe again!

Nicki did great!
My daughter insisted on cake pops for her wedding.
We got soooo many compliments on them and even though we over-ordered, they totally disappeared by the end of the cleanup.

I recently placed an order with Nicki at Cupcake Cafe and must say that not only were my cake pops amazing the customer service was too!
I was looking for something out of the norm for a bachelorette party I was throwing and Nicki really delivered...
Highly recommend them!!

I had to give it only 1 star as I looked all over the internet (excluding FaceBook as I don't have an account) for the address.
No luck.
Who owns a business and doesn't put the address on their website, blog or anywhere else...including their voicemail?!
Lame!

I have had the honor of having some of Nicki's delicious cupcakes courtesy of my lovely coworker Jen who ordered some for my birthday as well as her surprise reveal as to where she was having a boy or a girl ( a boy).
I had the Southern Red Velvetm Salted Carmel, Chocolate Chocolate, and Chocolate Chip Cookie in my birthday dozen and dear lord I was in cupcake heaven!!!
Plus delivers these decadent cupcakes to you personally!
Now that is service!!
Dang it, now I want a cupcake!

The cupcakes are not good.
I've had cake mix from a box that tasted better.
Not worth the price at all.
The gal who took my order (the owner I think ) was very nice and very helpful.
The gal who delivered the order was rude, and had no information when I asked her a simple question regarding my order.
It's worth the drive to go elsewhere.

Before I get to talking about the cupcakes themselves, let me talk about Cupcake Cafe's owner, Nicki: Hands down INCREDIBLE customer service!
Nicki was incredibly personable and accommodating.
I called her to place an order for a bachelorette party on fairly short notice, and she was more than happy (and willing) to help!
On the day of the event, she had a family emergency.
It was clear that she puts her customers on the forefront, in that she made time to deliver to the hotel regardless of how her day was going.
I was shocked!
Now to the sweet part...
I ordered a dozen of the Wedding Cake cupcakes and a dozen Red Velvet.
Both were incredibly moist.
The frosting on the Wedding Cake had a marzipan vibe to it and was DELISH!
the red velvet was all creamy cream cheese goodness.
I was reallllllly hard for me to just have a small taste.
I was able to stash a few to enjoy after my NPC comp on May 10th (they're already in the freezer).
All of my ladies were LOVING Cupcake Café!
I am sooooo glad that I found them on Yelp.
Nicki, do you deliver to California?!
:)  A+

Had Cupcake Cafe make 2 dozen yummies for my company's Employee Appreciation Event.
Not only was Nicki an absolute pleasure to work with, she is responsive, friendly and creative.
She made the prettiest swirled cupcakes in our corporate colors and they were DELICIOUS!!!
I consider myself a bit of a cupcake connoisseur and Nicki's cupcakes are one of the best cupcakes I've had in Arizona!
To top it off, they deliver!
I highly recommend them and will definitely be using them again.
Thank you, Nicki!!!

