3.5 stars!
When I saw a new Pho restaurant opening in our neck of the woods, I was ecstatic.
We came for dinner on opening day, and the staff was the friendliest and attentive bunch...it was their grand opening after all.
The menu has so many items that you don't see at a typical Vietnamese restaurant, and that alone will have me coming back.
But, we were there to try our usuals: Dac Biet, Bun, and Imperial Rolls.
(Shredded pork spring rolls and Soda Chanh are usually included on our list of regulars, but sadly- they didn't offer it on their menu.
)    The Dac Biet (Combination Pho) was average in my opinion.
My gold standard is the broth at Golden Deli in San Gabriel, CA.
It was good, but something was missing.
And looking back, I don't recall it having any tendon pieces, and the cilantro was minimal.
The meat serving was also not as plentiful one would expect for $8.50/ bowl.
The Bun (Rice noodles with grilled shrimp and sliced pork) on the other hand, is a dish I will return for.
The veggies were fresh and plentiful, and the special sauce was delicious.
Definitely worth the $8.50.
The Imperial Rolls were also good, but again not the best I have ever tried.
Since they didn't offer Soda Chanh, I ordered a Ginger Iced Tea Lemonade instead.
Unlike the previous reviewer, the ginger flavor was definitely overpowering and the drink was really sweet.
Nonetheless, the rest of the menu is VERY intriguing- I will definitely be back to try one of those!!
And you can bet, I'll back before the 20% off promotion ends on May 31st.

I tried this place for the first time today.
I heard about it from a flyer left on my car.
I had always gone to spring moutain to get really good Pho, but I was excited to see this place on our side of town.
I tried a couple of items, the shrimp rolls in rice paper were wonderful and fresh and I loved the peanut sauce.
There was also a selection of different types of non-alcoholic drinks meant to referesh the palate.
I tried the ginger iced tea lemonade and it was wonderful I had never had anything like it and can't wait to have it again.
I had the special PHO with the satay and it was yummy, a nice spice but not too spicy.
The prices were very reasonable and everything was fresh.
I can't wait to go back and try the other items.

Small, intimate place next to Cupcakery which has a full scale menu but none of the items really impressed me.
We had the Tamrarind Chicken Wings.
The wings weren't seasoned and only glazed on the outside.
When you bit into the chicken, it was just dry with not much flavor.
They should season the wings before they fry it, then add the glaze.
I wouldn't order these again.
I had the Lemon Grass Chicken and substituted rice for vermicelli.
The lemon grass chicken wasn't bold enough but I liked the taste of the onions.
My friend ordered the Combination Vermicelli bowl with pork, shrimp, and meatballs.
This was definitely the best dish we ordered but anything on Spring Mtn is better.
They do have Bo Luc Lac (Shaking Beef), Banh Mi sandwiches, and a wide array of Pho.
Based on the items we ordered, it's average compared to Viet eateries in Spring Mountain but is a decent option for those who live in the West Lake Mead area.
Since I don't live in the area, I probably won't make an effort to make it back, but it was average.
The service was really nice, atmosphere is good, and  you can always hit up the Cupcakery for dessert afterwards.

Best Bun Bo Hue on this planet!!!
Homemade and done the right way!
Love this place and we will  be back again.
Try their calamari it is really da bomb!!!
One of my new favorite vietnamese restaurants.

What a pleasant surprise to find a Vietnamese restaurant pop up in this NW neighborhood.
The place is small (holds 31 people), with walls painted orchid and new tile floors.
The staff were just as bright and shiny (friendly) as the decor.
I decided to go straight up the middle with the Bun Bo Hue.
The Thai Ice Tea probably isn't a proper match, but I had a craving for it.
:)  The soup arrived before I could return from washing my hands for lunch.
It was very good, but a bit bland, probably due to their holding back after seeing the round-eye in the American Flag t-shirt.
Whatever, I'm used to it.
Nothing that a big dollop of chili sauce can't cure!
Delicious broth, beef parts, noodles, sprouts, veggies and herbs.
Yum!
The prices are reasonable and perfectly average for this type of fare.
Lunch special is 10% off from 11am-3pm.
Happy Hour (sorry, they don't serve alcohol... Or else this place would be PERFECT) is 20% off from 3pm-6pm.
A great solo first experience.
I will DEFINITELY come back with family and friends in tow to explore the menu further.

Great service great food   Everything we ate was fabulous   Thank god for this restaurant in Summerlin

I can't stop eating at this place!!!!
The owner, Kevin, is awesome and each time I try something new, I fall in love.
I never liked Pho and wasn't going to start now with so many other choices for me.
However my husband ordered Pho on this trip and GUESS WHO IS GETTING PHO NEXT TIME.
This man is a genius with his use of spices and flavors.

This place is good.
My absolute fave: the stuffed calamari salad!!
I love vermicelli noodle bowls however I don't recommend that dish here because most of the meat was pure fat.

This place tries hard.
They try REALLY REALLY hard for you to have a pleasant dining experience.
That's surprising considering it's near impossible for you to find a Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas keeps that idea in mind.
The Pho broth is delicious, but I would avoid the brisket.
It's quite tough and Pho-natics would criticize that this is not traditional.
I would say that because they're trying to make the brisket fresh, that it's not cooked long enough.
My favorite app, is Bo La Lot which is "beef wrapped with wild betel leaf" (http://www.vietworldkitchen.com/blog/2007/06/beef-in-wild-be.html) by definition.
Or as my Armenian friend would say, Dolmas.
The betel leaf is tough to come by so I try to order this anytime I see it.
This place also offers solid Vietnamese Coffee.
Bitter, not too much condensed milk.
No fluff of Hazelnut BS.

I agree with My T. , they try hard.
Even if the food sucked, I would still come back because the owners are so nice!\  I love their pho.
I love their calamari.
I love their ice coffee.
I love their Bo La Lot (go to my My T's review for definition).
They have a stir fried shrimp dish which is fantastic, and be wary if you ask the chef to make it spicy, he can really make it spicy.
Special note:  When you order pho, you can order a side of onions sauteed in vingar and sugar.
However, the owner brought us a different version of this, which had lime and sriracha.
Oh my god this was delcious.
You have to get it!
My one complaint is the tables are too small, but eh, for good service, I will deal with a lot worse.

Awesome!
Had pho with eye of round and it was delicious!
Some places just do the broth better, and this is one.
Great that there is some good pho in the NW!

Bun Bo Hue!
Wow!
For those History Buffs, Hue used to be the capital of Feudal Vietnam.
So Hue dishes were dishes of the Emperor.
What sets them apart from other regional cuisines in Vietnam is their relatively small serving size with refined presentation, a vestige of its royal cuisine.
But the star of Hue is the Bun Bo Hue, spicy beef udon.
There are many places that claim to make Bun Bo Hue in Las Vegas, but I would only go to two, Bosa 1 and now Viet Bistro.
The service at both these establishments puts all other Vietnamese restaurants to shame.
This review is really for all the Bun Bo Hue fiends out there, you will be hooked!

Great pho!

After going to Bamboo Bistro and Hue Thai for several years, Viet Bistro finally opened at my end of town.
Stopped in for lunch the other day, and was SO HAPPY!
It is at least as good as Bamboo Bistro (my fav until they moved WAAAAAY south) and better than Hue Thai (my second fav).
The fresh spring rolls were very good, and my vermicelli bowl with grilled pork was one of the best I've had in Vegas.
I am originally from San Jose, CA where the Vietnamese community is very big, and restaurants are plentiful and very good, so I am very pleased that Viet Bistro is not far from home and is so good!
Pho (pronounced FAH for you novices) is my choice for my next visit.

This place is better than pho Kim long.
The service is impeccable.
The food is excellent.
This place is a MUST try!!

I did something different today.
Whenever I try a Vietnamese place for the first time, I usually get the combination pho.
It's my baseline dish for comparing Vietnamese restaurants.
But thanks to My T's review, I just had to try their Bun Bo Hue.
It's something I've never ordered before, so I have nothing with which to compare.
That's really not a problem, of course.
In the end, I enjoyed the soup.
My friend, Lisa Y, says it's not her fave BBH in town.
As for me, it was pretty darn good.
I loved the tenderness of the beef.
It wasn't very spicy--from what I understand, BBH is supposed to be spicy--but it had a nice hint of heat that enhanced the flavor without the usual runny nose effect.
I should point out that the bowls did not come out with pig feet.
I asked about them and they brought a couple right out.
I guess they figure that pig feet probably don't appeal to non-Vietnamese people, but it's listed as part of the dish on the menu!
Anyway, that's a minor complaint.
The one weird thing about this place is the lighting.
It's fluorescent, but many of the panels are blue, while a couple of them are orange.
They just give the place a strange hue.
Obviously, it's not a reason to avoid the place.
But as a photographer, it's something that caught my attention.

I was way out in the northwest today and decided to try a Pho place up in this area.
So based on YELP, I tried out Viet Bistro and walked away very happy.
If you haven't read My T. or Paolo D review of this place yet, do so.
I used it for my analysis and visit and I was happy!
Parking - strip mall, very easy.
Odd that it is near a cigar bar, which has a very distinct cigar aroma, however, once inside the restaurant, you cannot smell the cigars.
Ambiance - Small narrow place, with purple walls.
Nice overall.
Small and cozy.
Nothing fancy.
Drinks - I always prefer fountain drinks and they do have this over the canned sodas, so definitely a plus.
Food - Ahhh,  I tried the Bun Bo Hue based on MyT an Paolo D review an it was great.
It was not too spicy at all, and in fact, was very subtle.
This is great as it is not too overpowering and you can always add more spices or the jalepenos.
The noodles were just right in terms of texture and firmness.
The serving size was just right and this is the first time that I drank so much of the broth.
It was very, very tasty.
My son had P11 and he enjoyed it as well as with an Iced Coffee.
I also ordered to sandwiches to take home and they taste great and better yet, the aroma is even better.
There is a ton of stuff on this menu.
I will come back again, although it is about 35 minutes from where I live in Henderson!!!
Service - As good as it gets.
GK says, check it out.

Went here about a week ago for some Pho.
Nice place with about 15 tables.
Service was very good.
I enjoyed the Pho plenty of meat and delicious flavor.
I think you will enjoy.

One of the best Vietnamese restaurants I've found.
The La Lot is great.
And the Pho is, too.
Really authentic with a reasonably priced menu.

Awesome experience.
Location is super close.
The pho was delicious.
Not a fav of the Vietnamese sandwich.
It didn't have a lot of the pickled veggies and the pate is chicken.
I believe the sandwich I had in Chinatown had pork pate.
The marinated grilled pork was a highlight.
The server was friendly and answered all my questions.
I didn't feel intimidated at all.

Update: Let's just say this is my new favorite Vietnamese restaurant!
I've been there about 8 times now...the owners said I'm a regular, so that's a good sign.
They have so many delicious dishes.
They will stop by and mention items to try that aren't on the menu.
The food is always fresh, scrumptious, and priced right.
I could eat here every day.

I've lived in Las Vegas almost 5 years and somehow have avoided the Pho craze until now.
I always hear amazing things about it but somehow I never felt compelled enough to drive to a Vietnamese restaurant until a few days ago when I was getting a massage.
The waitress/owner was great.
She understood that I was a Pho virgin and wanted me to have the best experience possible.
I ended up with a combination Pho and was very happy with my choice.
I can't truly judge my overall Pho experience because I have nothing to base it on.
However, I do know that the Pho broth was incredible and the friendly and attentive service was for sure worth 4 stars.
I also added a 3 bean dessert that was as incredible as it was strange in both taste and consistency.
I have NO CLUE what I ate.

I get scared while I try new things.
Luckily I'm 26 and not 66 so instead of yelling about change and being stubborn about new things while I watch diabetes commercials during the Price is Right, I man up and take action!
I liked the feel of Viet Bistro and the overall atmosphere was great.
I also got the feeling the waitress wanted me (to buy?
) so that helped the experience as well.
I honestly have no idea what I ordered since I had no idea what anything was, but it was pretty good and I would love to try it again down the road.
The service was great and I have no real reason to hate the place.
Conditions for Me To Return: - Have the gf make her homemade pho then - be In the mood for pho

My new favorite pho spot!
So glad I discovered this a few weeks ago.
I may never drive to Spring Mountain for pho again!
The pho is top notch with a very flavorful delicious broth and a pretty generous serving.
I tried the Bun Bo Hue for the very first time anywhere and now I'm hooked.
I usually get the Crispy Imperial Rolls to start off then a nice steaming bowl of one of their savory soups along with a nice Thai ice tea to finish things off.
The staff is very nice and friendly and are always very attentive.
The restaurant is small but cozy and I've never had to wait for a seat so I can straight to the food!
I definitely will be a regular here!

I've been here a few times, and have tried their Banh Mi, Pho Tai Chin, and Bun Bo Hue, and have always been more than pleased.
Their Bun Bo Hue is the real standout - so flavorful, with a little punch of spiciness (I threw in about a dozen sliced peppers from the side plate and my mouth was still pleasantly burning an hour later).
The service is very friendly, and everything is delicious, but if you can only try one thing here, definitely try the Bun Bo Hue.
My only caveat is that the place is pretty small, so it can fill up pretty quickly on occasion.

After reading the yelp review, I decided to give this place a try since it's super close to my house.
The only two things that I have tried were bun bo hue and pork spring rolls.
The pork spring rolls were okay, but bun bo hue became my fav.
bun bo hue in vegas :) My only complaint about this place is the lighting, it feels weird inside and makes my eyes uncomfortable.

Love there fresh spring rolls.
Big portions, cheap prices.
The pork noodle bowl is also great!

So yummie!
What's even better is that it's a short drive.
:) I will definitely be going back again!

Delicious pho broth though skimpy on the fresh herbs.
Imperial spring rolls were a little disappointing.
Not sure if it was the crab in them, but they tasted sort of eggy.
Will definitely return for the combination pho and the bun bo hue.

Extremely friendly, fast, and delicious!
I came in needing to nurse a nasty hangover and I had a tasty bowl of bun bo hue in front of me in no time.
Since moving across town I needed somewhere to substitute my regular visits to Lemongrass Cafe.
I may have found it!

My family and I are new to Vietnamese food, and we loved this place.
My wife's banh mi was served with a broth that really added to the flavor.
My bon bo hue was very good, and more than I could eat.
My wife loved the Thai iced tea.
The service was excellent, and the place while small was very comfortable.
We will definitely return.

My experience with Viet Bistro was good.
I ordered a bowl of Pho Dac Biet(the special) and Goi Cuon (Spring Rolls).
The only thing I didn't like was the spring rolls were just with shrimp when they are usually with shrimp and meat.
Overall it's still a good place to eat, I will try the Bun Bo Hue next time :)

Took a star off because the last couple times I've been here the banh mi quality hasn't been as good.

Hubby was craving some Pho.
Since we were down this way we were trying to decide on this place or Pan Asian.
Well, we've been to Pan Asian before and it was GREAT!
But we like to try new places.
This place is also located right next to the Cupcakery and another favorite place of ours, The Market Grill.
We walked in and there was just one other family seated.
The place was fairly small (going theme for most Asian restaurants).
We were joyfully greeted by what appeared to be the owner.
What a pleasant man he was.
The menu was big so, it took us a few minutes to decide.
We got: Veggie Pho (minus the tofu) for me Bun Bo Hue (spicy beef noodle soup) for hubby Chicken Pho (split between the kids) Bin Manh/Ban Minh???
(sliced pork sandwich)  Well, I gotta say, everything was quite delicious.
Although I wasn't a huge fan of the sliced pork sandwich, too much fat for my taste--ack.
I even cringed when I peeled the sticky fat from the pieces of meat so I could eat them on the sandwich.
Yeah, I have a thing about fat on my meats...must be trimmed clean.
My 6 yr old and hubby thought it was great though.
The service was good.
Our cups never went empty.
There was an odor to the place (other than Pho broth smell).
It smelled a little smoky.
As in cigarette smokey, which we can't stand.
We couldn't figure it out but it faded eventually or we got used to it.
Overall, good experience and then we had dessert at The Cupcakery.

Good food!
Great service!
And very honest too!
I left my expensive Channel sunglasses on the table while I was dining there and didn't remember until the next day.
But they were honest enough to return it to me when I went there to pick it up.
They could of easily said "No we didn't find your sunglasses.
" And sold it for few hundred bucks but instead they laughed and joked about it and returned it to me with a smile.
I will definitely return a favor by going there for Vietnamese food as long as I live in this area.
So if you want good food, great service and you live in this area and don't wanna beat the traffic to Chinatown, I suggest you visit Viet Bistro.

Delicious food!
Try any of the Pho's.
The Lunch sandwiches are made fresh.
Only problem is that the shop that opened next to them is a smoke shop and the smell of smoked cigar filters into the restaurant.
They have fans going all the time, but you can still pick up on the smoke.

Been here in Vegas for 2 years and been looking everywhere for pho this made me smile the broth is amazing and I love the atmosphere good people running it.
Each bite was warm and comforting best I've had out here.

This restaurant is located next to a smoke shop so it can get really stuffy sometimes.
I only drop by when I want to eat one thing: bun bo hue (spicy beef noodle soup).
The waitress, Tania, always remembers me.
I stop by once a month when I want to splurge a little and satisfy my craving for bun bo hue.
Shops in Oakland, San Gabriel, and other cities with lots of Vietnamese restaurants do not compare!
Vietnam Bistro's noodle soup broth is beefy with lemongrass and complex herbal notes.

I stopped by here after reading the reviews for a bowl of Pho on a day when I needed some soup.
It was very good.
Had a craving again yesterday and went through the reviews again and decided to try the Bun Bo Hue.
It is amazing!
I got my order to go and it would feed 4 people (but, I enjoyed it all myself!).
It was quite the package also!
It came with a container of the broth, a bag with sprouts, lime and jalapeño peppers and a container with warm noodles, fresh herbs (cilantro and something else), thinly sliced onions and then 3 proteins Tofu, pork and beef strips.
The pork was fatty and melted into the soup.
The service here is very good and the restaurant is clean and bright and still a little bit of a hole in the wall so that you feel like you have really found a gem.
As I left I looked sadly at all the silly people piling into the nearby Panera and Chipotle.
They didn't even know what they were missing!

I tried the Bun bo hue this time and didn't like it.
I love everything else they serve and the customer service is amazing.
That alone will keep me coming back!

To put it simply:  Go in yesterday morning and order the combination pho with a mango smoothie.
Woke up this morning and wound up going to the bathroom and vomitting.
That said: it was tasty going down and the service was decent.
Cheers!

There is a lack of Pho joints up in the North West part of town, so an Asian place that isn't Japanese or Chinese is more than welcome in my book.
Especially because I don't have to drive all the way down to Spring Mountain to get good Pho.
I would give this place a 5 but it's lacking in a few areas.
1) I'm from So Cal and I'm used to Pho costing you no more than $5 for a huge bowl.
All the Pho bowls here are hovering around the $8-9 range.
2) Its right next to a cigar shop.
The constant wafting of cigar smoke/odor makes into this otherwise cute restaurant.
The odor kinda turns you off a bit.
So for me that took away a couple stars.
Now onto the good stuff:  Great Food!
I had a vermicelli with grilled shrimp bowl ($9) and it was delicious.
Everything a good bowl should be: Fresh ingredients, delicious seasonings, and the right amount every time.
The grilled shrimp was superb and the noodles with the accompanying sauce blended well together.
I'd definitely order it again.
Good Location.
Located right off the 95, its a perfect location for a Vietnamese joint.
The options in the Northwest are commercial and predictable.
This was a breath of fresh air to me.
Sometimes driving all the way downtown is not an option and this is right up my alley.
Attentive Service.
The servers there are always very helpful if you can't decide what you want.
They are very attentive and ensure you have everything you need.
Would I go again.
.Yes.

This was the last meal on my most recent Vegas bender and boy did it hit the spot.
This place is a small Vietnamese joint in a strip mall next to what I hear are also restaurants worth checking out.
I enjoyed their vermicelli noodle bowl with the shrimp, steak, and egg rolls combo on top.
The giant bowl of goodness was less than $10 and filled me up despite being on the light side.
Their special sauce is a must try if you are in the area.
Add some Sriracha to your bowl and you have a perfect meal.
Service was super friendly and quick, I'm glad I found this spot!

I was very skeptical about this place when my family and I first entered.
First of all, it's on the outskirts of the Las Vegas strip and the decor was kind of Westernized.
But to my surprise, the food was actually very good.
I got a bun (vermicelli) dish and the rest of my family got the pho.
Their pho is delicious!
:O A lot of places have gone cheap on the broth so it just taste like water, but this place..so good.
I'm sad that I didn't get the pho in the first place!
It was a bit on the expensive side for their dishes, but you pay for what you get.
Would definitely come back to this place.

The place is small but clean.
Good service and friendly staff.
The food is OK, just your standard fare.
I was disappointed that there wasn't enough tripe and tendons in my soup.
Definitely geared towards non-Vietnamese palates.

Stopped by last Saturday night for some soup, as I had a bit of a cold and wanted some chicken noodle soup... but who says it has to be BORING chicken noodle soup?
Woohoo for Pho!
I got the chicken Pho and hubby got the combo Pho - and we were both amazed at how incredibly good it was.
I started feeling better from the first bite/slurp!
I haven't tried ALL the Pho shops in town, so consider that when I say.. this was, by far, the best Pho ever!
Service was attentive, the take-out for the leftovers was nicely packaged, and very affordable & excellent food.
Will I return?
Totally, and soon!

I'd like to say, this ones Pho you.
Ok, bad faux pas.
But it was so Phony I couldn't resist.
Now that is out of my system.
I like the quirky and funky decor here.
It has lavender walls and alternating blue and yellow ceiling lights.
I'm sure this works better at night than the evening, but I applaud the braveness and flamboyance they show here.
This is a tiny place situated in the same shopping strip mall that has Panera bread and is right between the cigar shop and Mediterranean Grill.
Speaking of which, much to our surprise one of my brothers was sucking on some Cubano cigar at this very store we drove up.
Small world.
And since he's a Nurse, I gave him a snarky quip about nice, healthy choice, buddy.
No wonder the cigar store employee shot me a death glance.
But, Hey, I was only joking.
Somewhat.
The staff on hand was polite and friendly.
Off to a good start.
After a brief intense perusal of the menu we decided on A7, S1, C6, and D5.
Otherwise known and pronounceable as Grill Pork Spring Roll, Hue Spicy Noodle Soup, Shaken Beef Rice, and Thai teas.
The Spring Rolls were correctly stuffed and thankfully not gummy, which is sometimes a problem at Vietnamese places.
The vinegar dip was perfect.
To the soup, well, it wasn't spicy, but in every other way it was very, very good.
( Ok, my bad on this, I used the hot sauce to dip my Spring Roll in.
And forgot to add it to my soup.
) The plate of Mung beans, lime, onion, were a nice add on.
More importantly, the soup base was rich and vibrant, unctuous and had great depth to the flavor.
No broth out of a box with water added.
The teas were actually brewed and not from a soda fountain.
And the was real cream in the Thai tea and not coffee creamer that is found in too many places.
And they didn't fill the glasses up with ice to save money, either.
My favorite dish was the Shaken Beef which was blackened but tender.
No mistype here.
You read right.
The rice was well seasoned but just a bit loose for my chopsticks.
I will definitely try this dish again.
Flavorama.
They didn't , however, have the Fried Quail egg roll appetizer.
Disappointment city.
And I said this place was small.
So small as to overhear a couple of comments no-one wants to ever hear from the mouths of seniors.
There was a small contingent of eight of them and I overheard the words, Swapping, cover bands, and Mamma Mia.
I'm no wrinkle wrestler, so I really don't want to know how these words all went together.
Lord, I really don't.
Overall, really pleasant experience and one well worth repeating.
Just make sure the Swinging seniors sit way down from you.
Or bring ear plugs and enjoy good Vietnamese cuisine in silence.

We drove all the way from the strip to try the bun hue and ginger ice tea.
The bun bo hue had no hint of spice, huyet, or pig's feet.
I had Pho that was more spicier than this.
Big disappointment however the ginger ice tea was good.
Food is 3 stars but will subtract one star for the high prices.
I can get the same quality of food in Chinatown.

The Pho was hot and delicious.
Loved, loved, loved it!
Also tried the BBQ pork sandwich.
Although my husband liked the pho (his first time, my second) he was really taken with the sandwich.
The service here is tremendous.
The servers are so friendly, they walk around the place smiling.
I'll be going here again!

I am kind of a pho expert.
Being vietnamese and all.
=D.
lol.
Anyway, for a restaurant, this place comes as close as it gets to resembling my mom's pho.
And I've been to pho places all over vegas, nor cal and LA.
After reading some of the other reviews, I've decided to give their bun bo hue a try.
Which generally is not a soup that I like (I'm white-washed for a viet), but let me just say, that I would like bun bo hue a lot more if Viet Bistro made it for me each and every time.
After taking many friends here on different occasions, I was able to try different things.
Like their amazing roast pork spring rolls (looks like slices of spam but tastes amazing!
), and their sandwiches, the famous banh mi's (so good!).
I only wish they had a location in city center, so that I don't have to drive all the way out there =D.

Best pho on north end of valley.
Did take out combo pho and it was so right!
5star to me.
Will return often!

not too shabby, but i have had better vietnamese food in china town and even in the rainbow/215 area.
if you are in the lake meade/rainbow area, then i would go ahead and get some grub.

First time the BF and I dropped in I grabbed bun with pork, shrimp and eggroll.
Their bun is really good.
The eggroll was nice, the pork and shrimp had a nice marinade and was cooked to juicy.
The noodles were blanched just right and the veggies below were very fresh.
The BF had the curry and while it was full of mixed veggies and chicken, he didn't really like it.
I tried a bit later at home and it tasted more like gravy than curry and I thought it was okay, but not something I would order again.
We weren't feeling so great this week and came for their vegetable and tofu pho.
I don't think they have vegetarian broth here or if they do it's not on the menu.
There was a lot of broccoli, carrots, bokchoy and tofu in it so they didn't skimp on that which is nice and the sprouts and basil and the "saw leaf" that came to the table was very fresh.
The broth was a bit too heavy with white pepper and star anise though.
It did the trick with helping my sore throat, but it was abit overpowering of a flavor that I don't prefer.
I hope that this isn't the usual and was just an off day...I would give it a chance again.
I generally think the quality of ingredients here is better than the standard and because of the location far from any competition, the prices reflect both things so keep that in mind.
People get so used to dirt cheap pho that you may feel it's expensive even though most items are below 10 bucks.
I think the service is decent, and friendly both times and seem family run.
I say, come for the bun / rice plate , but some of the other things I'm not too sure about.
I'm sure we will be back.
Sometimes we just don't want to drive all the way from Centennial to Chinatown to get some Viet food.

I may have just found one of my favorite rice plates here in town, and in my neck of the woods!
We tried their Combination Pho, House Special Roast Chicken and BBQ Pork Banh Mi.
The Pho broth was a little too sweet for my liking, but the Roast Chicken Leg and the Banh Mi were so good, I would return for those two items.
I was also able to enter the PLUOY photo contest with a sticker that was on their front door, and was able to come in 2nd out of all the entries!
Not bad considering I did little to no campagning!
(See My Profile picture...:),   I finished off with an avocado boba and wifey tried their 3 color drink which were both disappointing.
Wouldn't susggest those.... We will return for the rice plates and banh mi!...ALOHA!!!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(329/365) "Go For The Food, Not the Drinks"

Had a long day so i thought I would finally get to trying this place.
Got the Banh Mi sliced porl sandwhich.
For 5 bucks you just cant beat it.
The flavors of the meat were great really hit the spot.
The only drawback I have is that I would like more meat and the carrot/onion mixture I like a lot more vinegar flavor in.
So Ill be back real soon just wondering if they will give me some Pho with nothing but tendon in it, am I the only one who likes tendon more than the other meats.

Good food.
Extra friendly.
Great prices.
Shrimp paste spring roll was tasty.
Grilled shrimp & eggroll bun was succulent, crispy and satisfying.
Grilled pork bun was flavorful and filling.
We will be coming back here for sure.

We went back to the Viet Bistro for lunch.
I had the grilled pork sandwich.
My sweetie had the shrimp bun...
I was tempted to go with the bun as well, but wanted to try the sandwich I'd heard so much about.
My sandwich was excellent, the  veggies were so flavorful, the bread was very good quality.
Vietnamese make THE MOST KILLER sandwiches known to me.
The bun, pho, and sandwiches I could never tire of.
If more americans would eat Vietnamese cuisine, there would be far fewer fat people.
My new favorite restaurant.
I may never eat at a mexican restaurant again.
Just kidding.
Seriously :)

My new favoritest place to eat!!!
Because, because, be-caaaauuuse.... because of the wonderful things and phos.
The very best bun bo hue in all the land.
I could probably eat this dish almost daily and never tire of the rich, bursting flavorful goodness that delights my tongue with magical flavor tingles.
The wonton noodle soup is my second favorite dish here.
I didn't really have an opinion on the pho, as I've only had it once and remember it being good.
The staff is super cool and nice.
On my first visit the main guy in charge noticed my stiff shoulders and arms folded across my belly in an attempt to conserve my body heat and he immediately rushed to turn off the fans near my table.
On my second visit I totally butchered the pronunciation of bun bo hue, to which my waitress ever so politely corrected and assured me that it happened all of the time.
It probably doesn't, but I appreciated the fact that she was so nice about it.
Also, by the way, this particular visit was when my love affair with bun bo hue started.
I've had it many other places, but never quite this delicious and tasty.
The place is very clean and inviting, decorated with tasteful individual pictures of featured dishes above each table - not overdone and not like the Chinese take-out restaurants that have a wall of pictures of every dish offered with half the names misperred.
At first I thought the name to be somewhat of a contradiction, as Asian food and the imagery associated with "bistro" don't seem to jive.
But after dining there a few times, I realize that it works.
The space is fairly small and intimate, with approximately 10-15 tables.
Parking can sometimes be tricky if you try to visit on a week day around lunch time as it's located in a strip center that houses a variety of popular lunch spots.
Any other times, parking is a breeze.
Love, love, loooooove this place.
Go get yourself some of their delisherous bun bo hue NOW!

Oxtail soup is what you want to try.
Great cooks and great ingredients equal some great Vietnamese food.

Has a diverse menu that is more elaborate than your average pho joint.
Oxtail pho, fillet minion, or trusty combination.
The beef wraps in grape leaves are good too, place is definitely worth a shot.
Its probably the only Vietnamese cuisine that I would come back to on the Northwest side of Las Vegas.
If you are not a fan or have a picky guest with you, there are several other places nearby that provide a variety of flavors from Mediterranean to healthy American.
More reviews to come when I try out more of the menu.

Owners are on site and very friendly.
Huge bowls of pho, the bahn mi's are on point.
SUPER fresh.
The prices are awesome!

Very yummy Pho!

Had this ridiculous craving for spring rolls, but didn't wanna drive to Chinatown.
I did the next best thing and found Viet Bistro on Yelp.
Just needed a quick bite to eat before work so I ordered it to go.
The peanut sauce that came with them was pretty good, and the spring rolls themselves were light and refreshing to munch on.
Also got a Thai tea with boba to go with my meal.
Although the boba was a bit misshapen and clumpy, the tea was made just right, so I'd recommend getting that by itself.
I think that $4.50 for an order of two spring rolls is a little much, but I'm willing to pay since it saved me a trip to Spring Mountain.
Otherwise, the service was great and friendly.
I'll have to come back to eat in to form a complete opinion of this place.

Walked in, place smelled like a cigar shop...walked out, went to Chipotle instead.

So pho king delicious!

I had Viet Bistro bookmarked since...when it hit Yelp but because it is on the other side of the world (exaggerated here but it is pretty far) from me, I was able to finally tried it as our puppy is on that side of town.
I got the Bun Bo Hue and my bf got the Oxtail Pho Soup.
The Bun Bo Hue was decent, but my once piece of tiny pork hock was not tender, and unfortunately, that is my favorite part about eating this soup.
The noodles were very short too.
The Oxtail Pho soup was decent as well.
The star anise flavor was very overpowering.
The service was good.
For now, it's an A-Ok.

I've had the pho here before, and it was good..
But the Bun Bo Hue is the thing to get here.
If you're in the summerlin area and want pho, just stop looking.
This isn't the only place, but it's pretty close.
The only negative, I suppose is that it's right next to a cigar bar, so if that bothers you, you might want to get it to go.
Otherwise, the place is great.
Service is always good as well.

They are very courteous and friendly.
Food is 3 stars because the broth is not so rich and serving is dwindling.
It was great at first but lately not so much.

This is my third time here and was introduced to this place by some Vietnamese buddies if mine.
Enjoyed the pho, but still think Pho 87 edges then out, nevertheless, above average.
I even got one of my "white boy" co-worker hooked on pho here.
He was recovering from throat surgery and needed something easy going.
He always begs me to get pho each time I see him.
#awesomeness.
Moreover, what sets this place apart from other pho joints is that it offers a lot more of a variety in their menu, not too mention they are more of a quality vs. speed eatery.
They appear to put a lot more love into their dishes compared to fast food, "you eat and go home," pho spots.
However, it was kinda disappointing to learn that there their bun bo hue does not include pigs blood.
To most, this is a plus, but I'm that type of dude that appreciates the goods many tend shy away from.
The waiter explained that it's a health code violation to serve it.
Interesting to know.
Especially, since their are tons of "violators" out there if this is true.
Nevertheless, the bun bo hue was very tasty and I almost forgot that there was no cubed pigs blood.
It didn't come with the veggies however, but I guess since I was in a rush, I didn't stress it too much.
I also added a combo banh mi to go, but never got to savor it since I gave it to a hungry monster that kept nagging me...she knows who she is.
Caution, one of the waitresses speaks very little english, not to turn you off, but she is very nice.

Can't give this place more than 1 Star.
I was really hoping it was truly a Bistro Experience with OMG I gotta go there again & again food; but alas, another Ho Hum, forgettable, ethnic restaurant in Las Vegas.
Soup was lukewarm, combination bowl meats were as well would never have passed the Health inspectors thermometer requiring hot food at 145 degrees or better.
Curry was just Ok.
Doesn't blow you away.
Drive the extra miles to Chinatown or better yet, go to NY or SF for the real deal.
Sorry.
This isn't it.

been looking for a good pho place to eat and finally one not to far from my house.
This place is nice n clean and the food is amazing

P6 soup very good.
Add spicey sauce.
Good meal.
However, there is a cigar bar next door and the smoke from there enters the restaurant and stinks.
This was so bad that last time I was there, I had my meal changed from eating there to "to go.

Their Porkchop, with rice, and egg on top, salad and extra dipping sauce is BOMB!
I always order here for Take Out.
Never dined in.
I give this place 4 stars because previously, when I ordered here in the past, it took them ALMOST a whole hour of waiting to deliver the food to my house.
I was disappointed, but I didn't expect to wait that long, for delivery, regardless if it was crazy/busy that day.
By far, it's a good spot for Vietnamese food!
Mmmmm..mmmm.

I'm willing to give this place another try and another rating only because the dish I had was Chicken Pho and many other reviews have  exhilarating reviews about other dishes such as the Bah Mi or rice dishes.
I had high hopes for my Pho but was sadly disappointed.
I can't explain it better than it had a funky taste to it.
Nough said- hopefully better luck next time.

Good place to come for Pho.
Everything was good including the flan for dessert :-)

one of the best Bun Bo Hue bowls in town.
The broth is soothing and not too spicy.
The noodles are thick and perfectly cooked.
It has the right balance.
the PHO is not too bad also.
The springs rolls I can take it or leave it.
Do try the Bun Bo Hue.

Great quality food at an unbeatable price.
The owners are very friendly, the service is good, but the food really is awesome for the price.
I've had their Pho as well as sandwiches, and appetizers; they are all good.
The Salmon is awesome as well!
**** I recommend not wearing something you like because if you order ANY soup, you're going to have splashes of oil from the broth meet your shirt and it's never coming out!
I've ruined two nice shirts already but will still go back!
I love that it's right around my corner as well, I would recommend to anyone!

Amazing oxtail Pho!
Change your life!
The chef prepares the beef broth for 15 hours... that is dedication!

I've been at this place a few times.
Friendly, prices are good.
Everything we had was great!
Def one of our go to places if I ever want Vietnamese food!

I really appreciate vietnamese food in general but I especially like the Vietnamese restaurants who are more authentic.
I read the reviews posted by others so while I am in Las Vegas I decided to "stray" from our usual spot, the Pho 8 and give the Viet Bistro a try.
Well, we were not disappointed.
First of all the service is exceptional.
We were made to feel welcome immediately.
The Lemon Ginger tea is awesome.
Had the Cha gios and they were made by a mom because they were awesome.
My mother had the Pho with the fillet and it was great.
I had the Bun Bo Hue that everyone has been recommending here and I can say their Bun Bo Hue is the very best vietnamese soup I have ever had, bar none and I have traveled the world.
We are going to the restaurant again before I leave so I can take my brother there (he swears by the pho 8).
If you have not been to this restaurant, you really need to give it a try.
It is that good.

Bun bue hue is insane wear a bib  Spring rolls are awesome and oxtail pho.
Insane  Pho here is stellar, huge portion.
I add extra meatballs and its like DINNER  Fast fa-fa-fa-freking awesome lunch or dinner.
Incredible vietnese food in The Northwest, W Lake Mead and 95, by Panera Bread and Chipolte  Love the soupy goodness insane I ate it like a pig and now my lips are burning perfect burn best balance ever get the special hot sauce made by owner it's so insanely out of control great!
I vote this my FAVORITE PLACE for PHO in Vegas@!

Super bummed, I was so badly hoping that one of the only Vietnamese spots near my house would have some stellar pho, but unfortunately it didn't.
I passed by this joint a number of times, but never stopped in.
Was feeling under the weather and thought what better than a delicious hot bowl of pho to give me some relief.
I went in about 45 minutes prior to closing, and it was empty with the exception of a group of four people sitting down to eat.
I was greeted by a very nice gentleman who I presume was the owner.
We spoke briefly after I ordered my pho to go about the spice and how much I enjoyed spicy foods, the spicier the better for me.
The restaurant was very clean.
He gave me extra jalapeños and some of his extra spicy sauce.
When I got home I couldn't wait to delve into my delicious pho, but immediately noticed that it had a different smell than I'm used to.
It was a bit pungent to be honest.
Whatever, I still wanted to give it a shot, so I put my fixings in and.......ugh it simply was not good.
The broth had a sort of sweet taste to it, and just didn't mix well with the fixings.
I added sprouts, jalapeño, onion, some lime, and some spicy sauce.
Not even the sauce could take away that bitter sweetness.
Needless to say this wont be my spot for pho.
The three stars are for the cleanliness of the restaurant, the super nice owner/gentleman, and the simple fact that I only tried the pho, nothing else.
I may go back to try another dish just based on the customer service.

Unfortunately not that impressed with this place.
I tried it out because it was close to home and I was really hoping for the chicken pho to at least be somewhere near the same level as Pho So1...but no.
It wasn't terrible, but not really worth the $4 extra that I potentially save in gas...I guess.
They gave me a tea bag when I ordered hot tea...I don't think that's ever happened to me in an Asian restaurant before...  And last but not least, I  really was not a fan of the hazy blue lighting.
I thought I was in the middle of the movie Hostel.

We eagerly anticipated the opening of Viet Bistro when they first started their construction.
Good Vietnamese in the Northwest??
An independently owned ethnic restaurant in the middle of a chain/franchise restaurant filled strip center???
Viet Bistro has good food and service, and it sure beats driving to Chinatown for my regular go-to spot for pho, Pho So 1.
Viet Bistro is pricier but I'm sure rent in this plaza is not cheap.
Their egg rolls and shrimp fresh rolls are excellent.
I've ordered their grilled pork vermicelli noodles and its outstanding.
I've also ordered that to go and they package it up nicely.
My wife loves their Hue Spicy Noodle soup.
I'm afraid to try it because it looks so spicy...almost like flames simmering in the broth!!!
The one thing I don't care for is unfortunately the one item on a Vietnamese menu that usually defines the restaurant - the Pho.
Whenever I eat pho at restaurants I order the brisket & well-done flank.
I've probably had this dish in a dozen+ restaurants.
At Viet Bistro, I find the beef to be too thick and tough to chew.
However, Viet Bistro does offer something I've never seen before - Filet Mignon Pho.
Wow!!!
Delicious thin slices of filet but pricey at $11.
Overall nice to see this restaurant do well in our neighborhood!

Pretty good food here at reasonable prices.
I've been here a couple of times, and have tried the pho, noodle bowls, pork dishes, etc.
None of the food I've had has been mind blowing but always good.
Convenience here is key, since this is probably the closest Vietnamese anywhere near my house in the NW area.
Service is fairly quick too, so it's a good spot to grab lunch if you work nearby.
I'd recommend stopping in when you are on this side of town and need to get your fix!

Favorite phö restaurant.
Food comes in seriously less than 5 min.

The real stand-out from this restaurant is the Beef Carpaccio.
Wafer thin slices of tender lean beef draped over a perfectly balanced salty, sweet, sour and spicy salad topped with fried shallots.
This dish is a 5 STAR dish.
I will definitely come back but this dish is now something I dream about.
The service is great, clean and friendly.
The Pho was spot on.
When my wife had some pho packed up to go the server had the kitchen separate the noodles out so they didn't get soggy.
Highly recommended.

Great grilled pork & cha lua sandwich.
I also ordered grilled pork& egg roll noodles- awesome flavor.
I don't recommend their che dessert with green jelly and beans.
The beans would be a lot better if they were paste and the jelly way too hard.
The waiter was really friendly and helpful with my modified order from the menu.
I would definitely eat there again:))

The location is perfect and close to my office so if I'm craving for some pho, I can easily get my fix.
It's in the same strip mall as Panera, Cupcakery and Market Grille Cafe.
The pho was good and had lots of meat in it.
The broth was not as flavorful as I'm used to but for the price and convenience, I'm satisfied.
Their Thai Iced tea is also good.
They have many other items on the menu so I have to try those as well.
Service is good and food came out quick.
It's great for those like me grabbing a quick lunch in the area.

I love this place.
I'm happy a Vietnamese place opened up on my side of town and an excellent one at that!
The pho is great yummy and tasty!
Spring rolls are amazing!
Vermicelli bowls out of this world!
And the service is very humble and friendly.
I'm happy to bring my business here.
I don't have to go all the way to China Town now!
If you want authentic Vietnamese and food that you will want to come back to get more, go here, you won't regret it.

This place is great for those that just quit smoking... no, not really.. the cigar smell bleeds through these walls.
the food is not that great.

I prefer the pho here to all the joints scattered throughout Spring Mountain Rd.
They have the tastiest broth in Vegas...not clear like several other places I won't bother mentioning.
You get fresh basil that isn't black & wilted & a good amount of meat in the soup.
My last few times eating pho in Chinatown, the basil was on it's last leg.
Also, I usually have to order extra sliced beef on the side...not so here.
They don't skimp on the dead cow flesh!
They know how to make good eggrolls, springrolls & banh mi as well!
Probably the best pho I've had since I've moved back to Vegas...still not as good as my spot in Seattle, but it will do for now.

This has got to be my favorite pho place..
Ever.
There's something in their broth that make it so good and NOT taste like water unlike the other pho places in Chinatown.
The serving is pretty much the same but the prices are probably $1 more than the other places around town, BUT it's worth it since it is much better tasting and much better quality food than the ones in Chinatown.
I've never actually sat here and dined because I always ordered takeout instead, but the owner and his employees are super generous and they make you feel welcome right when you come into the store.
They basically welcome you with a smile!
Again, unlike the other pho places I've been to.
In this restaurant, they're here to make sure you're a happy customer.
Big plus: I don't have to drive aaaaalllllllll the way to Chinatown just to eat some alright tasting pho, but instead I can take a five minute drive to Viet Bistro!
Only downside to this place is that there's a cigar place next door and you can really smell the stench of the cigars once you enter the restaurant :(  Other than that, great food, amazing service.
You MUST drop in here and try Viet Bistro out!

quick: Tiny bit pricier than most, offers nice service, delicious food and not a bad choice for Viet food if you aren't near spring mountain.
pros: offered extra pho noodles for free!
manager is pretty attentive, secret spicy addon!
cons: not the cleanest, slightly more expensive, they don't use real broken rice =/  We walked in and the place is fairly modern, but had the smell of gasoline or fresh paint or something.
It was pretty distracting.
The (I assume owner) greeted us, made recommendations and in general, we felt taken care of so that is a major plus in a Viet restaurant.
The quality of the food is standard but the portions are huge!
The $6.50 regular pho bowl was the size of a large normally in my opinion, and it came with like 8-10 slices of beef!
Seemed never ending.
The special spices he offered also gave things a nice kick.
The food flavor hit the spot but I'm not incredibly picky about my Pho.
I love Pho, I find it hard to mess it up.
The Com Bi was a disappointment.
The pork chop was good but the steamed egg cake was inedible, everyone at the table agreed.
And the biggest offense was they don't use real broken rice.
Overall we enjoyed our meals here sans a few hiccups but good service means a lot.
I'd definitely come back.

Love this place!
Great food and friendly staff

Took the Bin Bo Hue and some spring rolls home.
Bin Bo was boring at best.
I would say more if the spring rolls weren't so toxic.
First bite only stayed in my mouth for a second!
Sorry about that image.
The shrimp were past their use by date by at least 2 weeks.
That the (cook) didn't smell the biohazard smell coming off of them may  explain the rest of the food.
Never again!!!

A little hidden treasure.
My first Vietnamese food experience.
The gentlemen, whom I presume is the owner, is wonderful.
He taught us how to eat the egg rolls, even though I took a guess and wound up doing it right, I certainly appreciated the tutorial.
I know he want to just wrap it up for me, but that would have been a bit awkward.
Helpful, none the less.
We ordered the egg rolls and fried wontons.
We got egg roles and fried chicken wings.
I know they sound the same.
Fried.
Oh well, we decided to keep them and they were good.
I'd suggest, if this sort of thing would bother you, to speak clearly and point at what you want on the menu.
We just rolled with it.
I love that Viet is close to home.
We also got there just before dinner rush, another plus.
The portions (I noticed food is mostly served in bowls) are generous.
For me, enough for leftovers.
DING!
Another plus.
My shrimp and crab meat udan was amazing.
I think I heard some angels sing.
The flavor is so delicious.
A new fav to add to my list and I know that this place will come in handy if I ever have a cold, that's for sure.
I vow to eat pho, the next visit.
Oh, and the gentlemen also gave us a little lesson on kimchi, because I asked if it asked Vietnamese which it isn't.
It's Korean, and I knew that, so I had a derp moment quickly followed up by getting my lesson and partial recovery from said derp moment.
Anyhoo, I adore soup, and this is now my noodle soup heaven.
Thank you, Viet Bistro, I shall return.
Oh, yeah!I forgot to mention that they serve sandwiches!!!
#houseofyum

This place was a pleasant surprise!
I usually go to another Pho place in China Town, but this is by far the best Pho joint in the Northwest.
It's quaint and the staff is friendly.
It's a little dark, but I definitely recommend.
I got #B6, the Pork Bún.

The food was good, but I was disappointed with the atmosphere.
It's located right next to a smoke shop.
There was such a strong smoke smell in Viet bistro which made it less appetizing.
The food was pretty good though.

Good food.
This is a very casual place with nothing special about the decor, except the purple walls are kinda fun.
Good food fast.

Wow, A thumbs up in my book!
And guess what?!
It's in the NW neighborhood say whaaaa?!
Lol.
Anyways I'm a very picky Pho person because I'm all about homemade ;) So when choosing a pho place I sort of turn into a pho nazi.
This place wasn't the worst nor the best, but it was pretty good I must say.
A regular bowl was perfect not to big nor too small.
The broth had lots of flavor but it wasn't mind blowing good they used a lot of ginger in the broth which isn't bad but if you no like ginger then I don't know maybe you no like it because it has a strong ginger aroma when brought to the table.
(Excuse my FOB moment) But it was good.
Oh and an added plus I'm happy that they didn't get stingy with noodles like some places do.
When ordering pho you always get a small plate of veggies for your soup I just wish they offer more variety of oriental greens selections like the other places.
I also ordered some coconut juice :) it was awesome!
It came out in a fresh coconut!!
Service was great food came fast and it was a very friendly environment.
It's great to have a good pho place close by in our NW area.
I will definitely consider coming back for a quick grab n go place to eat.

I found this place through Yelp while we were waiting for Chipotle to open and decided to just go here.
There were a lot of reviews saying that the food was good.
We were there at 10:30am and no one else was there.
The men just started setting up everything when we sat down and they open at 10am.
I noticed a distinct smell but I brushed it off thinking its just because my stuffy nose.
I used their restroom to wash my hands.
The trash was full.
That means they never disposed it from the night before.
Just outside the restroom were empty boxes.
I peeked through one of them and it was dirty.
When I passed by the door to the kitchen, I saw that everything was not organized and looked like someone left in a hurry the night before.
When I got to the table, my husband tells me that the water tasted weird and the cups were dirty.
He said the place is dirty and I agreed.
I thought to myself if the place is dirty, I don't know about the food.
I brushed it off my head telling myself the food must be bomb.
They brought out the deep fried tofu first which we really liked.
The pho that we ordered was just average.
The shaking beef  looked black like burnt.
It tasted fine but not something I'd recommend.
An hour later me and my husband got an upset tummy.
I wouldn't recommend this place after that.

Since I've moved to North Las Vegas, food options are rated based on location and taste.
This is the closet real Vietnamese restaurant that I could find...and it exceeded my expectations.
I was feeling adventurous so I decided to try something different...I always see my parents order the bun bo hue when I am in Seattle, but I've always been afraid because of the congealed pork blood that normally accompanies that dish.
I'm an ABC...so certain things still scare me even though I'm asian..ha.
I noticed they had bun bo hue on the menu BUT without the congealed pork blood and the pork hock was optional.
The lemongrass beef broth was warm, spicy, savory goodness.
The beef, beef tendon, and pork hock with wide rice noodles was the perfect rainy day weather meal.
The broth wasn't quite as spicy as I would like, but the owner came by and dropped off extra spicy sauce.
I think they tame the flavors down due to their clientele and have the optional pork hock as not to scare people.
My fiance tried the chicken vermicelli bowl.
The noodles were cooked well and the chicken was moist and flavorful.
This will be my go to Viet spot if I'm too lazy to drive to Chinatown!

I don't find the menu easy to skim, but my husband and I really like the food and can't deny they have amazing customer service.
They accommodate any and all of our preferences and allergies, offering their own suggestions for substitutes at no additional cost.

Ewww...this was my second try at Viet Bistro just because it was convenient and I was nearby.
I will not make that mistake again.
I've tried their Pho and like others have said...it taste too cinnamon-y or weird...not authentic AT ALL!!
I like Pho So1 and will not stray again.
This time I tried their Bahn Mi...the bread supposed to be light and fluffy but it was stale and dry and the pork was disgusting.
I didn't think you could mess up Bahn Mi/Vietnamese sandwiches, but they did.
Will NOT be back.

It was really good.
I ordered the Bun Bo Hue.
It was very aromatic of lemongrass and cilantro.
So if you don't like those flavors, I wouldn't recommend ordering this, as these are quite predominant.
We also ordered fried won-tons with sweet chili sauce and pork spring rolls for an appetizer.
Both were delicious.
I will come here again and try something new.

If you need a Vietnamese fix in Summerlin this is the place to go.
My friend and I were in the mood for some Bun (vermicelli rice noodle dish) and we decided to try Viet Bistro, I'm really happy that we did.
We were greeted at the door by Kevin the owner, he's very nice and took great care of us.
We ordered fresh shrimp Summer Rolls and fried pork Spring Rolls for appetizers.
I ordered grilled Pork Bun for my main, and my friend got the grilled Chicken Bun.
Summer rolls came up first.
They were fresh and tasty, but not exceptional.
The paper-thin softened rice paper is stuffed with shrimp, pork, cabbage and a small amount herbs.
The peanut sauce they come with is ok, but we asked for some fish sauce with them which was better.
I would have liked a bit more fresh herbs (basil, mint, cilantro, or something) with these because they were just a bit bland.
Next came the friend pork spring rolls, wow they were really good.
These are served in traditional Vietnamese style with lettuce and cilantro to wrap around the fried roll, and fish sauce for dipping.
What made these great was how crispy the fried outer roll was.
It's such a great texture and flavor combination to roll up the fried spring roll in lettuce with the cilantro inside, then dip the whole thing in fish sauce.
Yummy!
Next came our main dishes, grilled pork and chicken bun bowls.
This is a dish that I really love, but it needs to be done right.
I've been disappointed the last few times I got this dish at places in Chinatown due to soggy overcooked noodles, burnt/overly charred meat, or not-so fresh veg.
Viet Bistro does Bun proper.
The noodles were a perfect al-dente with amazing texture, the bean sprouts and other veg were crisp and fresh, the grilled pork was caramelized to perfection, and it had just the right amount of fresh herbs.
If I have to nit-pick for a con, I would say the fish sauce could be a bit stronger.
It's good, but tastes a little watered down compared to how I normally like it.
Overall, this place is an easy 5 stars for the food and friendly owner/host.
Side note:  Upon entering this place I immediately smelled very strong cigar / pipe tobacco smoke.
I asked the owner why it smelled and he explained it was the cigar shop next door.
He seated us in the back where the smell was not so bad.
There is also outdoor seating which I would recommend if you are sensitive to the smell of smoke.
It's unfortunate that the cigar shop next door is polluting the surrounding restaurants and shops.
There's a cupcake shop on the other side of the cigar shop, and it has the same issues with the smoke smell.
The guys at this cigar shop should be using better ventilation or something.

I was feeling under the weather and craving pho' and this place really hit the spot..took it to go and must say they give you more than what its worth u had dinner for 2 days for less than 10 bucks!

Some of the best pho that I have had here in Las Vegas.
Great portion size and the help is very accommodating.
Definitely going back!!
Several times.
U must try Viet Bistro.

Very good sevice; friendly and quick.
We had a combination of pho and bun.
Side vegetables were fresh and crisp, although eat the jalapeños wth care...they are no joke!

I have been to Viet Bistro many times as it is the closest Pho in the northwest.
I prefer a few of the Pho restaurants in China Town but for days when I am too tired to drive there this is where we go.
It is for the most part as good as any Pho, broth is flavorful, decent sized.
The Satay has great flavor but it definetely spicy.
I have also ordered the Bun before which is also good, what is to be expected.
We normally get the spring rolls too which comes with a peanut sauce, again good but nothing outstanding.
I prefer my peanut sauce a little thicker but at least the peanut flavor is good.
The two things I don't like about this place is it is a $1 or $2 more than other Pho restaurants and it is right next door to a Cigar shop, the smell of Cigars (which I like in certain settings but not with food) seeps into the restaurant.
I think the smell must come from the ventilation because there is no way that much just comes in from the outside.
So bottom line if you are looking for decent Pho in the northwest then this is the place to go.

The tofu bun was beyond my expectations.
The bahn mi with tofu was good too, for 5.50 couldn't beat that.
We will definitely come back and try the pho next time.
Spring rolls were fab, With herbs and peanut sauce.mmnn all good

Just ok pho - very bland.
I am not sure why this place gets such a high rating.
You are better off driving to spring mountain for some great pho.
Also, being right next to a cigar shop doesn't help.

My go-to for Vietnamese in my work area!
I tried another place that definitely was not impressive, so then I tried THIS place and I am certainly satisfied.
It's a cute little place inside a VERY busy shopping strip, so I'd suggest parking in the back rows.
(The hike won't kill you, I promise.
)  Prices are pretty average and both times I've ordered rice vermicelli with grilled pork and egg rolls for pick-up.
Fast and Deeeeeelicious!
Sadly, though, there was no sriracha or hoisin sauce.
I don't usually get them in my to-go bag anywhere, though.
=(  Accepts cards with no minimum (hey, this is a plus) and very friendly staff.

The grilled pork spring rolls were good but I found the Pho Dac Biet just mediocre.
I ordered the x-large bowl which had more noodles then my cousin's large bowl - but with the same limited amount of meat.
The  service was prompt and friendly.
All in all, just an average Vietnamese restaurant.

Half of my week is spent working in Summerlin, and the Vietnamese options are slim pickings, but this is my go to spot when the craving arises during my work lunch hour.
For quality of the pho, I would rate them around 3.5 stars since the stock is a bit on the sweeter side and not as complex but a step above msg stock from a packet of powder, and there does appear to be a markup of $1-2 from similar entrees in Chinatown.
I completely agree with other reviews regarding their Bun Bo Hue since it's a bit toned down for less adventurous palates (not inherently spicy, but using their housemade chili sauce really elevates the dish) and there is a lack of the blood-cake and random pork parts (pork hock included only by request) that make this dish unique.
I know that some folks may make a general rating based on traditional items such as pho and banh mi, but I think the true gems on this menu lie a little off the beaten path.
The shrimp paste spring rolls are tightly wrapped like cuban cigars and have a nice ratio of meat and vermicelli/vegetables with the rice skin having a nice toothsome texture.
They also have some other intriguing items in the appetizer section such as a deep fried savory vietnamese crepe, carpaccio salad, and other items that I am excited to try.
One dish in particular was recommended by the manager on my most recent visit : the shrimp and crab udon soup (banh canh cua).
I was a bit skeptical since I expected some half Vietnamese/Japanese concoction with imitation crab and overcooked shrimp in a bland clear broth, but what arrived was an unexpected deluge of flavor that blew me away!
The broth is thick and  starchy like a good hot and sour soup with bits of real crab meat bathing unctuous udon noodles made with tapioca flour (not to be confused with the Japanese variety) that had a hybrid texture between italian bucatini and Korean dukbokki.
The manager strongly recommended adding a generous sprinkle of black pepper and I wanted to increase the heat with a dollop of the chili paste so I applied both.
I'm usually a fairly adventurous eater that likes to constantly try new things on a menu, but this was one of those dishes where I seriously contemplated never ordering anything else again because I didn't want to deal with the regret of ordering an inferior dish.
The noodles/broth ratio was great since I still had noodles down to my last bite and the thick broth is perfect to coat the udon with layers of umami since the noodle isn't capable of absorbing much flavor.
The only weak spot was the shrimp since they were indeed a tad overcooked and lacked the sweetness and snap of the recently caught variety.
Definitely earns a spot amongst my top 10 vietnamese soups in Las Vegas.

This is the best Pho in North West Las Vegas.
The broth has a unique flavor and is always good.
I try to visit Viet Bistro at least once a week.
The staff is always friendly and your food comes out very quickly.
With over 20% tax and tip, I am able to have a large bowl of pho tai for $11.00 out the door.
I highly recommend this restaurant

Well the place smelled like an ash tray due to the cigar joint next door, as we looked at the menu the wait her was sitting at a table behind us eating and slurping his pho, almost walked out but gave it a try, the chicken pho I ordered was ok, they served a plate of basil and sprouts the basil was rotted I left totally grossed out, won't be back

Food was excellent & food presentation is a work of art!
Friendly customer service & will definitely come back again next time I am in vegas:)

Just moved into the neighborhood a couple of months ago and couldn't believe that I was in walking distance to a Vietnamese restaurant!
The handful of times I have been so far and have always been welcomed by the friendly staff - usually with a open door due to having the little one in two with me via stroller.
The main fella there always greets my boy and myself with a smile.
I usually stay with chicken pho, which is delicious here but my most recent visit I decided to be adventurous and try the oxtail pho and was even more impressed!
I am always excited for our pho day because it is always delicious when we go.
My little guy loves the noodles as well :) The price is pretty fair, a little more expensive than most but the taste and quality is worth the extra couple dimes.
Lastly, try their coffee!
My mother and I can split one and feel like we've had two-three espresso shots and it trumps any old starbucks when it comes to taste!

Had Pho today and it was awesome.
Never a disappointment.
Only reason why I give 4 stars is because of the smell its been having the past two times ive been here.
Like a wet mop smell.
Makes my appetite shifty but the food is oh so good.

Decided to try this place because me and my boyfriend didn't want to drive all the way to Pho Kim Long to get Bún.
Beat idea yet!
This place has better Bún than Pho Kim Long and it's just down the street.
Only complain I have is that the lighting is really weird.
They have yellow and blue lights in the ceiling and it's hard to see.

I have always loved all asian food, and vietnamese is one of my favorites.
I had never been here before but after reading the reviews I had to try it.
The menu was pretty extensive, but I tried the spring rolls and pho.
The broth was rich and flovorful with hardly any grease like other places.
The prices were a little high, but expected beings we werent in chinatown.
The staff was very nice too.
The only.thing I wished that they served more herbs for the broth and rolls.

This place is ok for a vietnamese restaurant.
First impression walking in- this place smells of cigars!
Later I realized it's the smell of the cigar bar next door.
Service was rather quick.
The man who attended to us seemed to be the owner, he was approachable and would give recommendations if you ask.
Our food was out pretty fast.
I ordered the beef pho with eye round steak and beef balls while the bf got his usual chicken pho.
We also got the vietnamese iced coffee.
I love the broth!
It was not as greasy as some of the other vietnamese places I've been to, and you can actually taste the herbs.
The rice noodles was meh, it was a little too starchy for me, for some reason.
The eye round steak was a little overdone.
Iced coffee was a tad too sweet, there's a little too much of the condensed milk.
Overall, a decent experience.
I'll probably come back again.
Side note: if you like spicy food, ask for the ot satay sauce.
it's basically Thai chillies fried with garlic paste and it is SPICY- a much better alternative to siracha, in my opinion.

Service and food are great depsite the smokey cigar smell.
Filet Pho is delicious.
Service could be better.
Waiters sometimes don't understand you.

This is my favorite pho joint in Vegas.
I started coming here once a week until I moved away for my pho fix, and I miss it often.
The owners are delightful, and they put very good food on the table.
I always get the vegetable/tofu pho.
Their broth is incredibly fragrant, and it comes fast and piping hot.
Plenty of veggies, noodles cooked well, really good.
I also enjoy their banh mi sandwich, all different kinds.
One day I decided to order ginger tea lemonade instead of my usual water.
Holy crap!
Best drink I've ever had!
I became obsessed quickly, and the woman who makes it fresh came out eventually to tell me how to make it.
I won't be straining fresh ginger any time soon, so I just dream of it instead.
Great service, quick service, and friendly.
Love Viet Bistro!

Love the Pho!
I get the filet and my husband usually gets the ox tail.
Always delicious!!

Have visited a few times.
Always figured the cigar/cigarette smoke smell was coming from the cigar lounge located next door.
Until last visit.
I witnessed the cook not only smoking cigarettes while stirring the huge pot of soup broth, he actually was sipping from the huge ladle/spoon "taste testing" and putting it back in to continue stirring!
I will never and I mean never return!
Unbelievable!

I was greeted and seated promptly.
Ordered special pho combo p1 and it was out in less than 3 minutes hot and delicious.
Very impressive!
The cigar smell is annoying but they can't do much about that as the neighboring shop is a cigar bar.
Price is right.
No complaints!
I shall return.

My favorite pho is served in Houston...
But that changed after I discovered this Vietnamese restaurant a bit over a year ago.
It has the best P1 (Special Combination) in the whole world!!!
:-)  You should be willing to drive as long as it takes to get here because it is just worth it.
I have been to at least 3/4 of the Las Vegas/ Henderson Vietnamese restaurants and THIS is the place to beat.
Thank you and Happy Viet!

Good Pho, I always take it to go as this restaurant is next to a cigar shop that often smells smoky.

This place has the best pho!
I always get the vegetable pho and an order of the spring rolls.
I love the peanut sauce it comes with!
DELISH!
This location smells really bad like cigars and cigarette smoke so I usually order it to-go, but they opened another location on 215 and Flamingo which has the exact same menu and doesn't smell :)

Had my very first pho experience here and id have to say it went pretty great!
The service was awesome, the lady pretty much turned me into a pho expert after explaining all about it and the many different ways to pho.
She gave me the down low on what I might like, and suggested the lean beef which my husband and I both ordered and ended up loving!
The place seemed clean to me and everyone in the restaurant seemed happy.
I'll be back for more pho, it was delicious and I'm excited to have a new food to chose from when I'm hungry!

I ordered the bar b que pork sandwich, but the bread was hard.
Service was also slow and the food was mediocre.
I used to eat Vietnamese food three times a week when I worked in Alhambra, CA and expected this place to be on the same level.
I wasn't impressed.
The mint lemonade, however was truly amazing.
I would go there again just for a tall glass of that!

This place right next to a cigar shop.
So while waiting to order all we could smell was the cigar smoke from next door.
Food was okay.
We only had Pho combination and spring roll so not much I can say.
Service is pretty slow compare to other pho place I been to not to mention we were pretty dismissal by both host and waitress not because their way to busy or anything.
She manage to go come by the table next to us and ask how they were doing and refil their water twice.
We on the other hand had to ask if we can get out Pepsi refil.
I should be use to it by now because most of the time this is how asian place treat other asian.
Their face light up beam up when white folks walk in.
I hate to pull this card and it's sad but true.

I dunno how this pkace got such a high rating.
When the food was awful.
The place is dim & doesn't look too good.
You smell a lot of smoke but guess that's from next door.
Got take out.
The food was fast.
But the pho was way too salty.
Had two sips of the soup and poured it out & the grill pork sandwich is salty too and missing something.
Only took two bites of the sandwich & tossed it out.
What a waste of $ & time driving over.
Grrr..
I won't be going back.
The only reason I came here is becuz someone was whiny & wanted pho, for this was the closest place to us.
Sigh.
Should have just went to in & out across the street & got my milkshake & veggie burger.
Instead of wasting money & ending up eating leftovers.
Sigh.

Yummy....service is always extra nice...The food is delish!
I can't come to vegas without popping in here.
The viet coffee puts any Starbucks coffee to absolute shame....

Nice pho and noodle selections, good French Vietnamese sandwiches, spring rolls, house specials and tofu dishes.
I like the tofu w/veggies over fried noodles and the rice noodle crepe.
Vietnamese coffee is well done.
Service is friendly but need a translator.
Ambience is getting better but it's still in a cupboard in a strip mall.

I was so happy to find Viet Bistro and enjoy a great bowl of Pho in my neighborhood.
The strip mall location is busy and parking is tight during meal time.
The restaurant is modest but the food packs a punch with YUMMY.
I enjoyed my first lunch experience so much trying the Special Combination Pho and Thai Iced Tea that I have to return shortly thereafter for a piping hot bowl of Oxtail Pho.
The broth tasted so flavorful and the smell was so rich in fragrant.
The delicacy of the fresh Thai basil, lemon, bean sprouts and slices of jalapenos peppers added to the  Pho danced my mouth.
The slow cooking meat was very tender and for an extra $2.75 you can add a great assortment of vegetables (not cabbage).
The service is fast but count on the server speaking English.
I tried the Ginger Iced Tea lemonade with Mint and it was crazy good!
My mouth is watering just thinking about it.

Finally a good Vietnamese restaurant on the west side of town.
The food was good and unlike most places in chinatown the service was good.
You dont have to mimic choking to get refill like at Pho so 1.
Everything we had was great.
They dont serve a ton of condiments to gobwoth egg rolls or bun.
But the herbs they do put in the dishes compliment the flavors so well.
The spicy beef soup was the best i have had hands down.

Sometimes it's hard to find a good vietnamese place.
My friend and I came here in the middle of the afternoon on a weekday and it was pretty empty.
Atmosphere: the restaurant is pretty big.
It could fit quite a bit of people.
The waitress was really nice and patient while we decided what we wanted to eat.
My friend decided to try the Vietnamese sandwich.
We both used to live in San Francisco so we had high expectations.
The sandwich was definitely sub par.
There was nothing great about it.
The bread wasn't nicely toasted and the meats didn't quite work on it.
It wasn't memorable whatsoever.
The BBQ vermicelli bowl on the other hand was delicious!
I decided to get the bowl with the imperial rolls.
It was delicious!
It was very flavorful and tasted so much better than the sandwich and definitely made up for it.
I would have given this place a 3.5 stars since the bowl made up for the sandwich!

I have been eating here for 2 years.
The food is excellent and well priced.
Service is wonderful.
Their sandwiches are so different than any I've ever had.
The pho is great too!
Yes I like the purple walls and the decor.
This is a fun place to go to.

This place is the bomb.
Ordered the spring rolls, grilled pork rice noodles and Thai ice tea, so satisfying.
I will come back.

Food and service = aca-awesome  The food is great.
I ordered a simple pork on cold noodle kind of dish.
Usually these tastes all the same for me but their meat was different and just GOOD.
Server was very nice and fast.
When i walked in the door i saw the "people like us on yelp" sign and i was like SURE.
I know good vietnamese food so we'll see.
And ok yeah i LOVE this place.
The ambiance is nice the only thing is the cigar smell due to the cigar shop.
So if u can't take the smell, order take out.
You won't regret it!

Great little find with good prices and lots of food.
The pho broth was nicely flavored and the egg rolls delicious.
We also had the seafood crispy egg noodle which was very well made, with a nice assortment of seafood and veges, and just enough sauce to drench the noodles in.
My only complaint is that the bahn mi do not come with pate.
Note this place isn't a great sit down restaurant because there really is no ambience.
Happy eatings.

Very impressive and friendly staff.
The ox tail pho is amazing, only spot I know in Vegas that serves it.
Since finding this spot in summerlin we have brought out of town visitors to try it out.
Would definately recommend and will continue to bring visitors to try this spot out.

Kept hearing about this place and just had to see for myself.
Delicious!
Tried the Bun Bue  since everyone recommended it and was not disappointed.
Told my husband to make a mental note if I were to get sick and requested some yummy soup.
We also tried the Korean ribs (yum) some porkchop dish the server recommended (my fav) along with the BBQ pork sandwich (needs a little more meat).
Very good and great prices to match.
Will definitely return.

In my general area there are two Vietnamese restaurants in lake mead and the I 95.
Comparing Pho Rose and Viet Bistro and I still go to Viet Bistro.
Pho rose pho serms to have fishy taste to it and not sure why.
Viet Bistro just tastes right.
If you are in the area give Viet Bistro a shot.
I can name other pho places that I think deserves the 5 stars but not mentioning it here.
I am satisfied for the pho here and the location is convenient for me.

More like 3.5 but I will round down due to the cigar stench from the smoke shop next door.
I understand it is not the restaurant's fault, but it doesn't change the fact that it is unpleasant.
It is fairly spacious inside with a very standard, devoid of personality type decor.
The service can be hit or miss, but even on the "hit" day it's the bare minimum consisting of a water refill.
The pho is actually good.
The broth is flavorful and they do not skimp on the meat.
The prices are very reasonable for the quantity of food that you get.
On my last few visits I had their vermicelli with grilled pork and pork paste.
The taste is ok and they do skimp on the meat.
I ordered an extra side of grilled pork for my husband and I to share just because the few pieces that come standard get lost in the mix quickly.
I still prefer the pho and vermicelli at Pho Saigon 8 on Eastern and 215, but this one is considerably closer to my house.

This is a great little Viet place off Chinatown.
The pho is delicious with tons of meat.
The couple that run the place is personable and provide excellent customer service.

