I initially contacted Harvest Design Group and Todd directly after a large construction firm totally botched a patch and resurface of a deck on my investment condo.
To call their work incompetent is too generous.
The large firm made a mess of the surface, laying out roofing felt and tar and making a disaster of the whole project.
At first I was concerned that my needs were too small of a project for Harvest Design, but after speaking with Todd he assured me he could help.
Not only did his group remove the disaster that was the large firm's work he totally sealed and resurfaced the deck with appropriate matching color.
It looks better than it did new.
Todd's attention to detail on a project even as small as this speaks volumes to his firm's work ethic and perfection.
HIGHLY recommended although at first I was thinking of not writing a review to keep this tradesman all to myself.
If you need any sort of work I recommend contacting Harvest Design Group...if they don't specialize in your area they'll give a good recommendation of who does.
Hire this firm only if you want reasonably priced great work.
Otherwise go spend your dough on some Wal-Mart of construction companies and endure the pain.

I was really looking forward to meeting with this firm because their designs and reviews were spectacular.
Unfortunately they never even called me to schedule an appointment.
I tried for weeks to get them to come out and give me an estimate for a bid but Todd stopped emailing me 3 weeks ago and seems to have forgotten that I was a prospective client with a whole backyard redo pending.
This does not inspire confidence for being able to reach them once your project is underway.
It's a real shame because their designs on their website are stunning.
Oh well.

I contacted Todd at Harvest Design Group initially only to get a bid on a house we were purchasing in Phoenix, and even with a very short time frame he managed to help me.
He is so kind and helpful, i spoke to him personally on the phone , never a receptionist or a machine.
He knows what hes talking about and hes not out to steal all your money.
I HIGHLY recommend using Todd.
He well transform your backyard into a paradise!!

We hired Todd to install an entire overhaul of our backyard, and he exceeded our expectations every step along the way.
Like some of the other reviewers here, our yard was a total mess.
He was faced with an old DIY irrigation system, crumbling fence, and nearly unusable layout.
He left us with a beautiful, efficient, sleek and modern retreat, complete with a new BBQ island, patio with a seat wall, new lawn and irrigation, killer lighting, and gorgeous steel fencing.
And when any unexpected issues arose (due to the existing conditions), he took the time and care to correct the issue the right way, before we even knew about it.
He was patient with my questions, open and accommodating to my ideas, and brought some really great design details to the project.
Every member of the Harvest Design crew was polite and professional, and the renovation was completed on budget and on time.
We truly enjoyed working with Todd, and can't wait to get him started on the front yard!

