Remember, Yelp says 3 stars means A-OK.
Billed as "The New Little Sister" of Aiello's on Central and Colter, this casual, come-as-you-are, dining and deli operation occupies the space formerly home to Pick-Up Stix; what I had thought of as a not too terrible chain, sort-of- Chinese place.
Arriving by chance at 5 minutes before their opening at 11 A.M., I was extremely happy to see a lucite box of menus affixed to the exterior wall, which gave me the chance to see if I'd be at all interested before making the, sometimes awkward, implied committment of entering.
I noticed that the couple and the single (waiting for a friend)  who were to follow me in, all used the considerately placed menu box as well.
Point for Aiello's.
The menu was broad and appealing enough for me to make a choice, and I waited just a minute after the door opened to walk in.
The staff was doing minor last minute setup, giving me the necessary moment to take in the new surroundings without feeling rushed, and also gave me the chance to take in the deli cases of meats and cheeses.
Overhead, the basic menu is repeated on a huge menu board, a bit crudely installed, in comparison to it's former incarnation, ala Pick-Up Stix.
To the left are two wire racks that comprise the "grocery" section of boxed pastas, marinated artichokes, etc., and to the left  of that is a narrow cooler containing delicious sounding varieties of prepared raviolis, boxed ready for your home kitchen.
At  $12  for a 15 ounce tray, I'd like to sample some of yours, please, before I'd cave to that pricepoint.
Don't know if they're sauced, or if that's an add-on.
I guess the price isn't too horrible if they're as good as they sound, and especially if you're going to order anything in-house, with those items at $8-15.
I had the roast pork, rapini, & provolone hero for $9 w/ salad.
The sandwich comes on a good, rather broad and tall, 6 inch Italian roll.
(semolina) A half-dozen relatively thin sliced tenderloin medallions are arrayed along the length.That's topped with sauteed rapini, on top of which, is the melted provolone.
If you're unfamiliar with rapini, it's a bright when sauteed, dark green veg I can only explain as a cross between broccoli and spinach, with the flavor of the preceeding, plus maybe, seaweed.
Oh yeah, it has a pleasantly bitter finish as well.
While I like the stuff, there was way too  much of it.
A third of the way through, I deconstructed the sandwich by removing two-thirds of the  greens, and that suited me.
At one point, I thought the meat could have been sliced a tad thicker and would have benefitted with just a kiss from the grill, and a sprinkle of good quality black pepper (plenty of red flake shakers around ) but overall, very satisfying.
Ditto the salad.
I was surprised that there was only one option  on dressing, (balsamic vinagrette) which would wear thin after repeat visits, but this time it worked beautifully with the wonderfully fresh, ripe, balanced, and proportioned ingredients.
I initially thought the shaved parm was stingy, but I later realized that it was perfect, and came to appreciate the restraint.
I don't remember when a simple salad last caused me to comment on it.
Ambience-Neutral   Service-OK   Used tables/chairs looked imported all the way from the other restaurant, the seriously glum dude slicing meat wasn't into eye contact at all; at least not this Monday morning.
That's ok, it was too early for a rousing rendition of "O Solo Mio" anyway.
My counter girl had to refer back to the menu to find the corresponding register key for my sandwich after an incorrect entry.
No biggie at all.
When I asked how long they've been open she wasn't sure if it was two, or three weeks.
No complaint; just observing the hired help doing their jobs.
Here's a weird note on the dessert case near the side door.
Most are $5, but there's a tiny, two-bite cannoli for $2.
I'd planned on Isabelle's Rum Baba, but when I saw the Tiramisu on the top shelf, my appetite for their sweets took a sharp detour to the left.
(like hearing a former lovers name at the critical moment) I could only hope that it was a display-only item, as the coffee powder on top was striated from the cake beneath, (like an Arizona riverbed in summer) the plate was messy (as though the cake had skidded to a stop) and an entire edge  appeared to be chewed away.
(no kidding) This thing looked as though it was born on that first day and looked dry enough for me to postpone a purchase at least  temporarily.
Everything in the case was now, for me, suddenly suspect .
FYI.
All in all a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
Stars may be added, as earned.
Hope they stick around for awhile.
Finally, if you don't know what "Salumeria" means, here's the def: "pizzecheria negozio di salumi.
" Got that?
Not speaking the language, my imaginary translation is " the place you negotiate the salami.
" Makes sense in the deli context.
Choose your own.

As an East Coast 1st generation Italian, I was very excited to see a more casual version of Aiello's open very close to me, and on my way home from work no less.
I can tell this place will be trouble for my waistline.
Salumeria means a store that sells cold cuts, meats, etc.
Aiello's does that and more.
I've only had a sampling of their food so far and just based on the Sfogliatelle in the dessert case, I'm in love.
Caprese Paninni - absolutely delightful focaccia bread, fresh mozzarella, basil that smelled and tasted like it had just been picked and juicy tomatoes.
Divine.
Anitpasto Salad - real Italian meats and cheeses, not those weird little sliced bundles of rolled up American meats and cheeses like you find at other places.
This salad was peppered with whole slices of imported Italian meats and a beautiful blend of greens and artichoke hearts.
Arancini - OK, I love these!
My Mom used to make them occasionally so I was thrilled to find them on their menu.
It's delicious!
A huge stuffed ball of rice in tomato sauce.
Way too big for me to finish so I am enjoying it for breakfast as I type this.
Now, to the item that will most get me in trouble!
Sfogliatelle - In Italian this word means "many leaves" and that is what this pastry looks like.
Some call it Lobster Tails..I call it by it's traditional name.
You have an option of two different fillings.
One is similar to cannolli filling...YUM.....the other is a sweet ricotta with citron...DOUBLE  YUM....  At almost 500 calories a pop, I'll really have to restrain myself or hit bootcamp twice a day!
Honestly haven't had Sfogliatelle this good since I left the East Coast.
Aiello's Salumeria, I will be back and am very much looking forward to it.
There's nothin' better than a little midweek Italian foodgasm!

I'm afraid I was a bit underwhelmed by Aiello's.
I really wanted to like this place which is right in my neighborhood, but alas it was just okay.
At least we had a Groupon so it wasn't too bad price wise, if we hadn't I would classify them as being a tad expensive for what you get.
I had the wild mushroom rigatoni and it was fine, nothing special nor memorable.
My buddy had chicken parm which was beyond overdone, but the sauce was decent.
The deli case has all the meat seemingly just thrown in there very unorganized and difficult to see whats what and how much it costs.

I love anything the Aiello's do in the culinary world (awesome folks in every other way too).
Love the restaurant on Central but a tad bit far and expensive for frequent consumption so this smaller different twist on classic Italian is just right for me.
I usually get the eggplant parm cause it is the best in the Valley, but wandered off the traditional path and had the featured sandwich, Aiello's House Salumeria.
All the ingredients complimented each other so nicely that the result is a masterpiece of a sang-which!!

We live close to Aiello's in midtown, so it was a bit of a trek to check out Aiello's Salumeria.
Totally worth it.
Delicious and fresh food was somehow overshadowed by outstanding service.
Every silly question of mine was answered, I even bought a can of authentic San Marzano tomatoes!
The "house" sandwich and meatball sub was amazing.
The house salad was OK, you really can't ruin salad can you?
Most amazing was the Arancini or rice balls.
delicious and full of great texture, it could have been a meal on its own.
This place is pretty amazing.
Being across the street from a McDonalds, it's pretty badass that you can get an amazing meal for about the same price of a extra value meal.

We tried the $4.95 lunch special , it was half sandwich with salad .
The Salumeria sandwich was assorted Italian lunch meats that were unusually mild for Italian meat and cheese that had little flavor .
This sandwich seemed to  lack seasoning or dressing .
The salad on the side was good .
I had the grilled chicken sandwich I did enjoy the taste of the char on the vegetables and chicken but  the chicken was dry , bread wasn't toasted and also this sandwich lacked seasoning and dressing .
You might ask why didn't I just get up and ask for some vinegar and oil and my answer is after taking two bites I thought it wasn't worth getting up for a tiny end of sandwich ( this was a half sandwich ) .
This sandwich even with grilled vegetables seemed very dry .They do say they are East Coast Style but  no hot Cherry Peppers in store can't be an East Coast sandwich without hot cherry peppers .
If you get a sandwich ask for your oil and vinegar on the side so you can add it if you feel your sandwich needs flavor .
I saw Rice balls  (arancini) and Stuffed Artichokes that looked really good in the case  and would have purchased to try at home if I was going straight home but I wasn't maybe I would have given more stars if that is what I tried .
Two stars isn't saying don't go here .
I think this small comfortable casual place has potential so give them a try maybe they are still working things out .

This deli has a nice collection of classic italian foods.
I tried the veal parmigiana and it was excellent.
The meat was cooked perfectly and the ultra-thin breading magically disintegrated in my mouth.
These were layered with tasty mozzarella cheese and marinara.
It was a very satisfying meal.
I also got to taste the veal meatballs.
These also had excellent flavor and were much lighter than typical beef meatballs.
The meatballs had a nice herbs and spices.
In the middle, they were very juicy and flavorful.
Order and pay at the counter in this deli as you walk in the door.
If you are eating in, the cashier will deliver your food to your table when it is ready.
The meal prices are in the $10-15 range and the portion sizes are huge, which allows for extra leftover meals.
I would go to Aiello's again when in the mood for Italian food and in the area.

OK, so being a NJ native I have eaten in my share of Italian delis.
I really wanted to like this place, but it fell short on what we ordered.
I read their online menu after purchasing a Groupon and already made up my mind to order the arrancini and eggplant rollatini -- 2 of my deli favorites.
The rice ball didn't have much flavor and was way too big -- the size of a large softball.
Although it was stuffed with the usual tasty fare it just couldn't compete with the amount of rice.
The marinara that topped it was quite good.
The rollatini was good, but served barely warm.
A dish like this should be served hot and melty.
It made me think it might have been laying around a while and nuked.
Yikes, I hope not.
My husband ordered a veal parm sub.
All of the elements were good -- the bread, cheese, sauce -- except for the veal itself.
He said it was just one of those weird Arizona type cuts of meat -- if you know what I mean...
I'm going to give Aiellos Salumeria one more chance and order a deli sandwich and antipasta next time.
The restaurant itself is extremely clean and pleasant.

Very delicious Roast Pork, Rapini & Provolone Sandwich served with flavorful side Salad.
Ordered the Lobster Claw dessert which was prefilled on this visit.
I prefer when they Fill it to order .
Pastry cream base was to eggy and texture was not as pleasant as in the past.

Used a Groupon that was expiring today - my first visit.
Got three items for takeout at lunch, and brought them home and into the refrigerator for dinner tonight.
WOW!
All three items were exceptional.
The Salumeria sandwich was our favorite, packed full of artichoke hearts, fresh mozz, roasted peppers, and a variety of meats.
A little on the spicy side, which we liked.
The grilled chicken with fontina and roasted veggies was no slough, either.
Next time, we're asking for some of Aiello's spicy roasted peppers to kick it up a notch.
The lunch special was grilled chicken with fettucini - another winner.
All three entrees were served with a tasty side salad, and one that was not an afterthought.
Fresh, multi-colored spring mix with a couple of grape tomatoes, red onions, and shredded cheese dressed with a balsamic vinaigrette.
Truly a notch above.
Oh, they also included some of the Aiello's house foccacia - again, YUMMY.
What a great experience.
We can't wait to return.

Have done takeout dinners a few times and been pleased each time.
Flavorful food and OK portions.
I wish they would make the front deli counter window more attractive with better signage and product.
It is the first thing you see when you walk in and it is visually not appealing and leaves a negative first impression!
Outdoor seating is great to have, but in hotter weather inside seating is limited.
Wish they would collect emails from customers and send out email specials to attract customers.

I love their meatballs.
I often get 2-3 for lunch.
Chicken Parm is very good.
Homemade cookies are excellent.
Very casual place and prices are very reasonable.
$5 for half a hero and side salad.

Reading the sad news about Aiello's closing their Central Ave. location reminded me to share the good news about this place.
So... Aiello fans, take heed: You have an alternative and it is GOOD!!
I had the.
best.
stuffed artichoke I've had in a looooong time here (see photo) and, for that, I am a devoted fan!
The artichoke was giant and must've weighed at least 2 pounds stuffed!
I also enjoyed the eggplant rollatini - the eggplant was soft and sweet and LOADED with ricotta filling.
The sauce had the perfect acidity.
Seriously, for as big of a fan as I am of the food and as convenient as it is -- it's dangerously close to home!
The adjacent pizza place has a white pizza that's on my list!
Looks PERFECT but can't fully vouch for it... yet!

I had really high hopes for this place after seeing it on TV.
I ordered the Grilled chicken &Fontina Hero and an Iced Tea.
I asked for a "to-go" cup for the iced tea but was told that they were "out of the to-go cups".
Ok; no big deal.
The sandwich came and it was so-so in terms of appearance, but figured it might taste better than it looked.
The problem was, it did not have any roasted peppers as stated on the menu AND it had portabello mushroom on it which is not listed on the menu.
I went up to ask about the peppers and was told that they were "out of roasted peppers".
Hmm.
The sandwich was pretty blah and I would not order it again.
The heavy, gruff guy on the pizza side of the business adds a bit of authenticity to the Italian experience, but I will think twice about going back not knowing if they will be "out of" the items I might want to order.
Disappointing.

I was extremely bummed when Market Bistro closed.
Where would I get a great sandwich less than 5 minutes away?
But then Aiello's opened here, and on the whole, from a tremendous fan of Market Bistro - from the month it opened -  I think it's probably an improvement.
Great people, great food, not just sandwiches (which are absolutely hands down first class.
House Salumeria.
Jesus H Christ.
) but also great pasta and all sorts of other treats, and now pizza!
And I don't need a goddamn fork for the salad I've got forks at home :D  I was there once and there was a very good looking eastern European lady outside having a coffee and smoking a cigarette.
Reminds me of being in great places.
But five  minutes from home.
As a rule I don't go to "burger restaurants" besides Delux, since it's the original, nor do I go to anywhere with a name "X: a YZ" but after I learned that the people behind Aiello's also run Charr, which now occupies the space once home to venerable Market Bistro, I will have a try.
That's two very significant personal prejudices overcome, just by the great cooking and good people at Aiello's.

Great food but terrible service !
All the servers are complement and could care less .

I want to like Aiello's, I really do.
It's close to home, and lord knows, this area really needs some good neighborhood Cafe's.
Sigh.
I'm partially Italian, originally from upstate NY, and spent 30+ yrs in the SF Bay Area.
The interior is pleasant enough, as are all the employees I've encountered, but it has more of a cafeteria feel than a restaurant.
I'm used to Italian Delis being crammed with products, and am consistently puzzled by the bare looking messy deli cases.
I also didn't even know they had a dessert type case until my 4th visit as its in the back and unseen unless you're on the way to the bathroom.
4 times now I've wanted to order the stuffed artichoke, but they were out, as they seem to be on a lot of items every time I've gone.
I've had the chicken Caesar, it was ok. Last nite I stopped in quickly to grab something to take home.
I winced at the price of the lasagna in the case ($12), but I was tired, so....Oh, they were out of artichokes, again.
I was told they had run out the day before.
I wondered why they had not made more.
Anyway, back to the lasagna.
I asked if it contained meat (I wanted meat) and was told yes.
I refuse to eat veal from humatarian reasons, and was told there was no veal in it, although, it will prevent me from trying their meatballs.
I was puzzled as to why, when I placed an order to go, I was not asked if I wanted the lasagna hot or cold.
I had expected them to give me one of the pieces in the deli case, and I'd be on my way.
Instead, I waited over 10 Min.
And received it hot.
This turned out to be the worst lasagna I've ever had.
Stoffers is better.
The gravy was not a gravy, it tasted more like they just shredded canned tomatoes and called it a day.
There were no spices, and it had a raw, canned flavor.
There was no cheese, except for the slab on the top.
I did want to eat enough that I didn't have to fix something else, so I searched for the meat, which was very hard to find.
I literally could not eat this.
What a waste of $12.
I've also had the chicken Marsala (rubber) and the pasta pomodoro (bland, tasteless).
The pizza is ok,but again, the sauce is bland and canned tasting.
It's great that they deliver, but with only one giant sized pizza option available, it's not really an option for just 1 or 2 people.
I'm sorry, but I'll never get to taste the artichoke as I won't be going back.

We visit Aiello's at least twice a month.
I am a creature of habit so I typically get the same thing every time....the Tortelloni.
Perfection!
My husband always tries something different.
We always do take out as this place isn't really set up to be a restaurant....it's a deli that serves some main courses.
This means we can get sandwiches for lunch and hearty meals for dinner.
The portions are huge and Joe's famous meatballs are no exception.
Recently my husband got the spaghetti and meatballs and said the meatballs tasted strange so he had me taste them but I thought they were great...and I'm the picky eater.
The Aiello's are warm and inviting people and now know us by name.
They know I like extra alfredo sauce on my Tortelloni so I don't even have to ask anymore.
If you have a poor experience with Aiello's please let them know because they are very attentive to customer's comments and are anxious to make everything right for you.
If you think they should stock more desserts tell them.
If you are frustrated because they are always out of a certain item tell them.
They are not new to the Valley but the Salumeria, Isa's Pizza and Charr are new-ish to this part of town.
They run Groupons and Double Take Deals all the time and that may be one of the reasons they run out of some of the more popular items periodically.
You never know how many people will be redeeming those coupons in a week.
I think they are still getting comfortable with the demographics.

Great little deli.
Love the eggplant rollitini.
Meetballs are not meaty enough for my taste.
Too much breading.
I don't use any in mine or meatloaf either!
They even sell huge cans of Italian tomatoes and olive oil.

Very disappointed!
Went in on Good Friday to get a piece of veggie pizza.
NOT one veggie pizza.
Unless you consider white pizza w/spinach, about 6 leaves, and tomato n cheese pizza a classic veggie.
When I inquired about where's the veggie pizza's after all it is Good Friday the manager/owner Yelled at the top of voice in a rude and very offensive manor "Thats not for everyone"  and continued to SHOUT how "Just because I'm Catholic doesn't mean she(pointing to my daughter) is a Catholic!
" WOW!
business must be good?
Was approached by two other customers who where witness to this and they also could not believe how rude the guy  was.
(later to find out he is the manager/owner)   I have been in the food and beverage business for over 40 years, from busboy to GM, F&B Director, owner/ operator.
Never, have I ever been spoken to so rudely.
We have lived in Moon Valley for over 12 years and I know quite a few locals who frequently ask me for food opinions and recommendations.
Unfortunately, I will not recommend any of your business's.
In case you forgot, the customer is still "KING" and should never, ever be so rudely spoken to by anyone.
If this is how you operate one of your stores, I'm sure the others are no different.
Your food is pretty good for the most part but it takes the whole package to be successful and without word of mouth, sincere hospitality and remembering that you NEVER correct, shout or offend your customers..   BTW, proper response would have been; -Thank you for reminding me.
Sorry I don't have what your looking for but can I put a veggie pizza together for you now?
You would earned my respect and business..

This rating is strictly for the pizza.
(Haven't had anything else).
Love the pizza!
I'm from the east coast and the regular cheese pizza here is pretty close to the good ole Italian pizza I'm used to from NY.
$20 for a pie.
Wished they still had their liquor license.
Nothing like a beer and a great slice of pizza.
: )

Just what Moon Valley needed!
The Aiello's doing what they do best!
Italian pasta, heros, desserts and Isa's Pizza right next door!
FORGETTABOUDIT!
The new salad bar is great,  lots of choices and a great price.
Tell them Gino sent ya.

I have tried all of the restaurants in the building and they are all good but this review is for Aiello's.
I just had the eggplant parm.
It was good and what brought it together was the base red sauce.
Made with plum tomatoes and not acidic or sweet and not spicy like some.
It was just right.
I'm disabled and it's hard to get out to restaurants so, the best thing for me is that they deliver!
( all 3 place deliver) Thanks for the convenience Aiello's

The food was wonderful and obviously made from scratch but I have to say what makes this a five star place is the fact that I called before hand and asked about things my daughter could have with her food allergies and he was beyond helpful.
AND then when we went in his wife (I am assuming the owners) had already talked with him and helped me again navigate the menu!!!
This is service and this is why I would recommend them to anyone looking for good Italian food/pizza.

Friendly local place.
I love the spinach salad and the gnocchi.
The owner really cares about his restaurant.
He often goes around to the tables to ask customers how everything is.
They also support the local community donating money to Thunderbird High.
Thanks for the good food and supporting our community!

Such amazing Italian food!!
We love the dinner for four specials!
The Thursday and Friday specials are the best!
Their desserts are delicious!
Love the new location, loved the old location.. Can't say enough good things!

I LOVE this place!
Their anti-pasta salad is the best!
I order it all the time and their pizza is superb!
But today I had my baby sleeping in the car, and my husband called the usual order in.
They said they would bring the order out to my car so that I didn't have to wake my baby to come in!
A nice lady came out and even asked me if I wanted something to drink while I wait.
I've known this place was awesome, but this really just made my day!

Wasn't really impressed with my entree 12 bucks for an entree(rigatoni bolognese)  that wasn't filling and had a bunch of grease sitting at the bottom with a sliver of bread to compliment.
Not very impressed.
I wasn't impressed with charr burger next door.
But I'll give this place one more chance.
Maybe a hero or a slice of pizza with a desert.
But it will be a whole before I go to get that greasiness feel out of me.

awful, they do not wear gloves when preparing foods they put aluminum foil on the sandwiches when you cut the sandwich the aluminum foil gets in the sandwich  THEY DO NOT WEAR GLOVES, GROSS AND UNHEALTHY.

I love Aiellos!
It's my favorite Italian restaurant, and I've been a customer for years.
In that time, I've tried almost everything on the menu and I've never been disappointed.
The lasagna is the best I've ever had, and their chicken parmigiana is amazing.
The atmosphere is relaxed and warm.
I have had Aiello'a cater several holiday parties, and my guests always rave about the food.
If you are hungry for Italian food, give Aiello's a try.

I have been an Aiello's fan since they were located on Central Ave. With them closer to home, I can enjoy them more often.
I am here often for lunch and pick  up dinner occasionally.
So obviously I like/love this place.
The food is awesome.
Everything is prepared fresh.
I have never had anything I didn't like.
Besides lunches and dinners,  I have picked up food for family birthdays and a high school graduation get-together.
Part of the charm of this place is that it is a small local business, family owned and operated.
It has character.
This is the top choice of my mother's when we pick her up to take her grocery shopping, to the doc, etc.
She can no longer drive to due a stroke.
I am here once a week, every week.
We almost always get the 2 slices of pizza lunch special, different toppings, a great value.
EVERY SINGLE TIME we visit, we are greeted by friendly employees who are quick to take our order.
The atmosphere is so pleasant that we  eat-in, and hang around for a while to visit afterwards.
Frequently one of the employees or the owner will chat with us for a minute.
It is always a pleasure to lunch there.
The pizza is truly amazing, you can't go wrong with anything.
I LOVE the Nana's pie, and sometimes they have a great special slice available w/ 3 sauces, alfredo, red and pesto.
Some of our family favorites beside the AWESOME pizza: stuffed artichoke hearts, calamari, veal marsala, house salumeria hero, chicken parmesan, eggplant parmesan.

The house salumeria sandwich is great.
I absolutely recommend it.
They also have some pretty decent pizza.
The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that they aren't cheap enough to afford eating here more often.

Delicious food, great service!
This family owned business takes pride in what they do and makes it obvious through their friendly service and traditional Italian food.
Everything on their menu looked fantastic.
I tried the tortelloni and loved it.
They have a great dinner special with reasonable prices.

