Just opened-cute place, good food, great lunch specials, but there is something in the food...that makes me feel ick...I'm guessing, MSG.
Half of the people at my work said the same thing, half were not affected.

I'll keep this one short.
The food was actually pretty good.
I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken, it was very good!
It has potential to be a 4 or 5 star place.
I took one star off because of communication problems.
The lady who rung me up barely spoke English.
It made ordering very frustrating.
The second star I had to take off was because I feel the customer service is lacking here.
I felt rushed and the counter girl was clearly aggravated.
A different lady working there seemed friendlier, but she was just cleaning up the tables at the time.
Maybe I would have had a better experience if she took my order.
Since the atmosphere was unwelcoming, I don't think I'll return.
For these reasons I think Bobo China has nothing to worry about.
It's a shame because the food really isn't bad here.
Might be a different experience if you speak Chinese.
I'm all for authenticity, but if you have someone who has to communicate with the public in this country, they should speak and understand English.

Well I also got the girl who spoke barely any English, but I didnt mind.
I know how it is, Spanish was my first language so I have tons of patients for ESL people!
LOL.
I usually hardly give 5 stars, but this place was GREAT!
I've gone to many a Chinese place and so far this has been the best!
I've searched for some good Chow Fun in Vegas to no avail!
FINALLY I get a mailer in the paper with coupons and seen a photo of it and was like "YES!
" Its super close to our apartment which was awesome and the prices were decent!
The first girl spoke a little bit of English, but another swooped in and sat us and took our order.
She was very kind and helpful and didnt rush us.
We ordered: 2 drink 1.50ea House chow fun 8.95 Chicken fried rice 6.45 Lunch orange chicken 5.95 and got some FREE fried won tons (w/coupon 4.95 value)  It took about 10 mins and in the mean time they bring you complimentary egg drop soup with crunch rice noodles.
I am not a fan of egg drop soup but the bf said its the best hes had!
Even my 5 yr old loved it!
Our food came out and I was floored!
Everything is served on Styrofoam plates (huge ones!
) and it was filled!
The chow fun had huge pieces of shrimp, chicken, and beef!
The noodles were AMAZING and I was in love with my choice!!
It was enough for 2 plus still A LOT to take home!
The chicken fried rice was AMAZING!
I know... how hard could it be to nail CFR?
Other places I've gone were hard rice, not enough chicken, or a small portion... NOT HERE!
The portion was HUGE!
Chicken pieces were huge and plenty and it also had carrots, bean sprouts, and peas.
The lunch portion orange chicken was GIANT!
It came in a to go container and it was filled to the top!
It included lo mein and fried rice as well, the bf said it was totally delish!
Another review mentioned MSG and I'm VERY sensitive to that stuff, I didnt get sick though!
Not saying they DONT use it though.
So who knows!
LOL.
The place was nice, and not hot!!
The AC was running and the tables were clean.
Our waitress was very attentive and made sure we were happy, she was great!
Our total was 26.11$ and worth every penny!!
I will DEF return!!
They deliver for 2$ and have boba smoothies!

We got delivery last week and wow was it good!!
Still yummy as ever!!
We go there like once or 2wice a week!!
I'm actually going to order tonight, but this time I may venture out of my comfort zone and try something new!

Great food at a great price!
So far I've only ordered takeout but the food is always delicious and the portions are a large size.
Most chinese carryouts do provide a good size portion but this place by far has the best tasting chinese food I have found in the area.
Check out their lunch specials for delicious chinese food at a great price.

Good, fast, cheap!
General' Chicken is my go-to dish.
It has a good spice and the addition of pineapple really makes it a winner.
In my many visits, the only disappointment I've had is the chow fun, which is well below average.
Overall, this place is a winner.

I love this place the food is made fresh and its soo good.
It's a small place, but very clean.
And i love 2 cuz they send coupons in the mail.

The food has been fantastic, the staff friendly, and the atmosphere nice.
I love stopping in even to get a taro boba tea, or to have a sit down meal with my husband.
I have yet to be disappointed.

The food is pretty good here and a great price.
We always have it delivered.
The crab rangoon is delicious and so is the house fried rice.

I order from here alot.
The food is great and comes in pretty big portions.
The meat comes in big strips so you really get alot of it.
You can customize the order as well and ask for extra cashews or chiles or whatever in various dishes.
The service and delivery is pretty fast too.
They also send alot of coupons out and they're actually useful, not just $1 off or whatever.
This is a great place to get fast Chinese food.

Coworker came over to my office today and mentioned she was in the mood for "real" chinese food, and not "that Panda Express @#$%"  Luckily for the both of us I'd been racking my brain for over 30 minutes scouring Yelp on what to eat for lunch.
I then remembered that I had a takeout menu for China One and simultaneously thought of the good reviews it gets and that they deliver.
My sanity was saved!
I called the order in and must not have been talking to the same person other reviews mentioned.
I understood everything she said perfectly and in no time our order was on the way.
We both decided to try the Chicken in Spicy Garlic Sauce lunch special.
30 minutes later the food arrived at my office and I dug in.
There was a LARGE portion of chicken and veggies in the sauce, then half half fried rice and chow mein.
They also offer steamed rice but I was feeling piggish.
Also included was a bag of those crispy fried wonton strip thingies that I adore so much.
I was fairly disappointed in the rice and chow mein.
I'm sure it was just some higher being's way of punishing me for not getting steamed rice, but the chow mein tasted bland and the fried rice tasted generic.
Is it as offensive as it sounds to say that I would have preferred Panda Express' versions of these?
I liked the sauce for the entree quite a bit, it wasn't nearly as spicy as I'd like, but the flavors of garlic, jalapeno, mushrooms and some bell peppers and onions shone through.
The chicken was just okay, and I definitely found the pieces that were drenched in the sauce to be better than the more dry ones.
Price was great at basically $6 for each order, and I don't even think they charged for delivery which was another bonus.
For food alone, I was considering a 2, but with the ultra cheap price, the free delivery, and the little bag of bribery containing the wonton strip thingies, I'll bump them up to a 3.

This place is soooo YUMMMY!!
I always order my delivery and the come on time!
:) And they always pack the togo boxes to the max!
So I always have left overs everytime.
And its so cheap here!
Its hard to find quality food for good prices!
Oh and their  boba is freakin delicious!!!!
All in All this place is wonderful!

Love this place!
Huge portions and tastes so good!

This place is awesome!
My boyfriend just moved to Vegas and wanted some Chinese food.
We got a flier from China One and decided to put an order for delivery.
My boyfriend is very picky with his beef chow fun and once he had it from here, he didn't want to order it from anywhere else!
It was delicious, cheap, and huge.
Delivery was also quick, about 30 mins.
Definitely give this place a call or stop by.

The premier, champion store of the local China One brand.
No skimping on quality ingredients, and a manager and chef who care.
Consistent and delicious American-Chinese standard dishes: I rotate between the Fish Filet w/Hot Garlic Sauce, Chicken w/Hot Garlic Sauce, the General Tso's Chicken w/Broccoli, and the Mongolian Beef w/String Beans Only.
All made-to-order, extra-spicy, with a generous serving of Brown Rice as my side.
I usually bring in the coupon that shows up in the mail for 2 free Spring Rolls, and I do enjoy the relaxing, East-facing windows at lunchtime.
Is it odd that I mention this seldom-discussed restaurant detail?
The Brown Rice here is perfectly al dente.
Makes the meal, cuts any over-sweet or over-saltiness (which there usually is none, especially if you specify "light sauce" or "light corn starch".
)  I never feel overly full after this lunch.
It sits right.
Give China One a shot, but make sure to try this location first!
Cheers.

Some of the best Chinese food that i have had in Vegas ....big portions was a big plus and it taste really good...this is gonna be my go to place for Chinese food from now on

I have lunch here once or twice a month, and I love it because they offer brown rice (something the China One on Tropicana should do!
)  I always get the Chicken Lettuce Wrap or the Chicken Teryaki Bowl.
They're both excellent value for the price.
The Chicken Lettuce Wrap is always enough for 2 meals, and the Teryaki bowl is usually enough for one dinner or two smaller lunches (for ~$5, that's not bad).
Quality is consistently good.
Service is quick and friendly.
I'm never disappointed, here.

This place is a night and day difference compared to what it used to be.
I actually enjoy ordering from China One now.
The food was always good, but the service has gone from awful to above and beyond.
They have no problems accommodating your requests and they speak much more clearly now.
I am now a regular, which is great because it's right near my house.

We are from Huntington Beach, California, when we come to Vegas this is one of my stops.
Their food is fresh, great quality meat, vegetables are top grade.
The only problem we have is that we always forget how much food they give you.
If there is a chinese dish you love not on the menu, ask them, they make mine.
I appreciate the servers, cooks, place is always clean.
But the food is FANTASTIC.
We have been trying different dishes for the past year, and have been happy with them, simply can't go wrong.
My little four your old grand daughter, 18 year old twins, my mother and father, everyone loves their food.
You can get dishes mildly spicy, or spicy, be specific because you will get what you ask LOL.
In the same center as HomeDepot and Sally's Beauty.

My first time eating here.
It was fast and I enjoyed their pork fried rice and the crab rangoons.

As soon as I got home and tried my take out, one word came to mind...BLAND.
I got two dishes that I always get at other places...General Tso's  Chicken and Beef Pepper Steak.
The General Chicken had no heat and was almost flavorless, the chicken was pretty dry too.
The beef in the Beef Pepper Steak  was tender but this sauce had no flavor either.
I decided to try a new place because of all the great reviews and I was passing through this area, I am so disappointed.
The customer service was the highlight of the place.
But that won't bring me back.

I have no idea how this they received so many stars!
Friends/employees maybe.
My husband and I ordered 3 different dinner dishes, honey walnut chicken, chicken and green beans and Hong Kong style chow mein (along with a couple apps).
Not one dish had a piece of chicken!
Every piece we thought was chicken was actually a big "flap" of chicken skin.
Every piece!
You could actually see the bumps where the feathers were.
Every dish was flavorless and disgusting.
We threw most of it away after we tried to pick the veggies out.
It really sucks because the delivery time was quick and they are very nice on the phone.

For $5.95 , i got served freshly made dish with fresh vegetable.
( lunch special)  Food quality is excellent.

I've been to China with the Navy and trust me, this food is legit.
Tastes great, excellent price, and great customer service!

I went there and the lady behind the counter was incredibly rude.
She treated us like we were interrupting or putting her out by simply ordering.
When we got the food, it was edible, but nothing more than that.
Overall it was not a good experience at all, and we won't be back, especially since there are so many better options really close by.

They are fast, the food is made fresh, it's not expensive, and they so nice there.
I love the fact that the food tastes the same every time, and is fresh and hot.
The Honey Cashew Shrimp is to die for.
The String Beans are an excellent side dish, too.
They recently stopped serving Almond Cookies.
It isn't expensive and sometimes they randomly toss in a free item.
YAY!
They don't have Almond Cookies anymore, sadness.

Best Chinese food we have had since moving to Las Vegas over a year ago!
Food was fresh & delicious!
Staff was super friendly!
Would definitely go back and would recommend!

Excellent chinese food and service.
Went here with my cousins after a mt.charleston trip- apparently my cousins are regulars and were greeted warmly.
We had their lunch specials and chicken/beef bowls.
I grew up eating panda express and this is ten times better, and fresher.
Their veggies were nice and crisp: zuchinnis, carrots and broccoli.
Yum.
Their chicken was ok but I was in love with their beef.
It wasnt too chewy and cooked just right with a mice balance of salty and savoriness.
The meal concluded nicely with fortune cookies.
My favorite was my uncle's fortune: 'you are pretty'.

Stopped by on a Saturday afternoon to grab a quick lunch.
Got the lunch special for around $5.
Not too bad for a large portion of orange chicken with plain chow mein and fried rice.
The food was good, but I wouldn't get the fried rice again.
It was bland and dry.
Also got a Thai Ice Tea with boba.
The boba had a great consistency just the right amount of chewiness :) will be back for sure.

Excellent Food and Service and very affordable.
Everything was very fresh and flavorful.
Best Egg Rolls had a long time.
Highly Recommended!
Todd & Sandra

I ordered Chicken Lo Mein and it was quite tasty though a little on the greasy side.
It was sort of expensive for how much food I received.
I know there are cheaper Chinese places nearby so I probably won't be swinging in again.

Heard about this place when I got a sheet of coupons in the mail.
Checked out the menu on the back and found out their lunch specials are valid til 4PM- I'm in!
I called in my order on my way out the door from work, and swung by to pick up on my way home.
Was told it'd be ready in 10 minutes, was packed and waiting for me when I walked in the door.
Got home and it was still piping hot, always a good sign.
Went for the won ton soup and the combination kung pao lunch special with half-and-half side of chow mein and fried rice.
Bummed that the egg drop soup isn't included in take out lunch specials, but I had the giant soup instead.
Used a coupon for a free 2 piece of egg rolls or rangoon (picked the rangoon) with $10 minimum purchase.
Side note- they didn't take the coupon!
I may use it again...
Overall, I was satisfied with the food.
The soup in particular was good and despite sitting around for a while, the won tons were not falling apart- a couple, but not enough to make a sweeping statement or a negative impact on the dish.
Lots of variety in the soup: bits of bbq pork, shrimp, and veggies in the broth, and plenty of won tons.
Would get this again.
Initially thought the $6.50 price tag was steep, but it's a meal.
The lunch special was also $6.50, and a hefty portion, too.
Compartments of the styrofoam takeout box were overflowing- fried rice was moist but a little boring, chow mein was chewy and a little plain, both both balanced out the crazy combination kung pao.
I say crazy here in a good way though- it was a giant portion with every meat mixed in, and quite a bit of chopped veggies, too.
Spicy but not enough to scare anyone off, flavorful would be a more accurate way to put it.
I did pick out the chiles before I started eating, but was really surprised to see five in my portion.
FIVE!
So if you're down for spice, go ahead and leave those in.
The rangoons were a nice little treat, small but indulgent, not too much cream cheese, either.
It's so convenient, and the coupons are a nice touch, and the well-priced lunch specials in giant portions (this is easily lunch for tomorrow, too)?
I can safely say I'll be back.

Always good, always fresh ingredients, nice portions.
Reasonable prices, nice folks and great coupons.

This place has amazing lunch specials  8.99 fresh hot and enough to feed two people!

After shopping at Ross, we decided to stop by China One to order three items to go fpr dinner.
We ordered chicken fried rice, seafood chow mein and salt and pepper chickens.
They are pretty generous with their condiments but not the food.
The salt and pepper chickens was crispy but tasted old.
The chicken tasted like it has been marinated for more than a couple of days before it was brought out to fry.The seafood chow mein tasty but greasy.
The chicken fired rice was on the crunchy side as though the rice didn't cook well.
The restaurant smells and looks good on the outside, however we will not be visiting this place again.

Located next to Ross in the shopping center by charleston and rainbow.
Panda Express just lost a customer haha this place smells yummy and tastes even better!!!
No fancy sir down place but the food speaks for itself.
Generous amounts of food and speedy service.
Girls are very nice.
Kitchen clean.
Had the dinner meal for 24 dollars comes with 2 entree plates, 2 egg rolls, 2 crab ragoons, fried rice and egg drop soup.
All good wasn't too crazy about the egg rolls but the rest made up for that.
Will def be coming again.
Oh and they have awesome lunch specials until 4

First time and it totally came thru.
Big portions and good service.
Food was amazing, we'll definitely go back!

Really, I can't come up with anything better than "adequate" to describe this place.
Maybe there isn't great Chinese food in town anymore, or maybe I haven't found it.
Their delivery is pretty consistent and courteous.

