Apparently, this park just opened.
the address listed is one i found online, and i believe it is to the main entrance...the one with a dog park, bathrooms, and a big parking area.
i went to a different trailhead off Pinnacle Vista Road.
much smaller lot with only a drinking fountain and a shade structure.
first time out, so i downloaded a trail map and headed there.
took me about 30 minutes from old town scottsdale, so it's not a quickie-after-work ride.
the trail is wonderful.
from the get-go, it was a leg burning climb to the top of this little mountain with splendid views.
as any time i go biking, i feel i do more climbing than downhill, but oh well.
the downhilling that follows that climbing is spectaculary fun.
it's all singletrack and there are a few different loops.
everything is clearly and well marked.
the longest single trail is the circumference loop at 5.9 miles, but you can make this into a nice 10 miler by doing a figure 8 formation.
difficult to get lost as you can pretty much see houses or civilization from any point on the trail.
but today was hot and i saw 2 rattlesnakes on the trail...small ones, but yikes anyway.
so be careful.
great new ride and/or hike.
oh, it's horse friendly too, so to my mtn bike buddies out there...yield to them.
horse and hike people can make it or break it for us.

I love this trail!!!
With the nearby trails of Thunderbird Park always busy when the weather is great, I bring myself to this trail.
The trails are more challenging than Thunderbird also and longer!
Its hidden because at first, you see a park where they have soccer/football games going on and don't realize the trails behind the park leading to the mountain.
The view from the top is so great, you get to see lots of desert and cacti.
If you haven't gone there yet, please do so because its such a hidden gem.
I rarely see people on the trails there whenever I go.

Great park for kids of all ages!
Play areas for multiple ages - soccer fields - basketball courts.
There is also some nice trail heads... nothing too hard.
Just some nice hikes.
Area is always clean - bathrooms are kept decent.

Nice place to hike.
Not to challenging on the 3mile hike so I will be back to try the 6 mile hike.
Not to steep either but nonetheless a nice scenic trek.

I love trail running here because it is so close to Thunderbird by my house but much less crowded and slightly less strenuous overall.
I always have a good time running around with my dog without having to worry about other people as much on a weekend.
Plan of seeing horses.
I enter off Deem Hills Rd and 55th.
Nice trails that converge together frequently.
Can't wait to be back!

This area is really good for a great Hike.
Nice and Gradual elevation increase  I started my hike from 51st Avenue and Deem Hills Parkway (main entry area) and continued on circumference trail till I reached a point where I can start the Ridgeline trail.
At the end of the Ridgeline trail I took a right turn to return to the point where I started the Ridgeline Trail.
I should have taken left which would have taken me back to parking  Take the map with you.

Beautiful, quiet spot on the outskirts of town.
Good trails for beginners, preggers or the athlete.
Bring a picnic lunch and make a day out of this little spot with a new park and play area.
Good for the whole family and well used by local residents.
Seems a nice park and neighborhood for random graffiti though.
Not sure what that's about.
If we're ever again in the area, we will go again!

I am writing this review based on the hiking trails.
The trails are absolutely gorgeous and so well marked!
I did the 6 mile loop and it was a great workout.
I will be coming here often!

Great place for a hike with well marked trails and multiple skill levels to chose from.
The park is great for kids too.

