have had them to my house a number of times (we live in an old house) They are always professional and courteous.
He originally quoted me a price for some work that needed to be done, but once he got in there and realized that he didn't need to do as much work, he charged me less.
I would have had no idea, it's very nice to see that integrity and honesty is not all gone.
I will use noone else for my plumbing problems ever.

When I bought my house, I was told I would have to look forward to some major plumbing issues, which could come with a hefty price tag.
I was quoted from another source a very high number, but am I glad I was referred to Hansen's Plumbing Service.
They came in, scoped everything out, and gave me an honest idea of what I was looking at.
They charged me less than some of the others, and didn't need to tear up my whole front yard like some of the others were suggesting.
A year and a half later, no plumbing problems whatsoever.
I highly recommend their services - they are honest, fair, experienced and skilled, something you don't find much these days from others in this line of work.

When my water heater went out, I called a trusted friend to recommend a plumber.
Without hesitation, he told me to call Hansen's Plumbing.
Within 45 minutes, Hansen's was at my door, and within 4 hours I had a brand new water heater.
Very professional and courteous.
The best part... the price I was charged was the price I was quoted.
Thank you Hansen's Plumbing!

I have had Hansen's out several times, from very small jobs to bigger jobs such as changing out my water heater.
They are always very responsive, sometimes within hours if I have an emergency.
I first called Hansen's when my Home Warranty company told me it would be (3) days to send out a Serviceman to snake my shower (it was a holiday weekend).
Hansen's came out the same day, and even charged me the same price  my Home Warranty visit would charge.
Also, similar to another reviewer, I once had Hansen's quote me one price but then charge me LESS once he saw the problem and saw he  could fix it a better way at a cheaper price.
I know Hansen's will never recommend unnecessary repairs.
All my friends that I have referred Hansen's to have had the same experience.
Honesty and Integrity (and price) go a long way, and i will never use another plumber.

Called on Saturday during NFL wildcard weekend, after our plumbing completely backed up on us.
Eric answered the phone and immediately diagnosed our problem over the phone.
He scheduled us in for Monday morning and arrived promptly at the time agreed to.
He fixed our issue and was very courteous to my pregnant wife who was at the home by herself.
Hopefully we won't have any further issues, but if we do I will be using Hansen's again.
Highly recommend.

I work at a store in Scottsdale quarter, where we are supposed to call the quarters maintenance man when we have any issues, however, last week our toilet backed up and sewage started seeping out of our floor.
We called the maintenance and had them come out twice as it kept happening.
Both times the maintenance told us there was nothing they could do.
To which we responded "than what are DO you do?
" Anyways, we called hansens plumbing and he came out right away even though it was after hours.
He slaved away in the bathroom and at some point I'm pretty sure power tools were involved.
He found out the plumbing was backed up way further than just our store.
We called the maintenance in again so he could point out to them that they were wrong.
In the end Scottsdale quarter ended up insisting they use their own plumber, but it was nice to have someone finally figure out the issue and have our back on what we thought was the problem in the first place.
He was super awesome and worked extremely hard to figure things out for us!
I would definitely recommend Hansen's plumbing for all your plumbing needs!

Eric was great, he got the job done quickly, and I know I was treated fairly.
He is an obvious choice when in a crunch and you need a professional!

Erik was fast, friendly and knew what he was doing.
If we ever need drain cleaning or other plumbing services, we will call Erik again.
We could not ask for a better experience.

Hansen's is a great company.
I called before business hours due to a broken water main.
Eric not only took the call but was at my house within the hour.
He diagnosed the problem and ultimately put in a new (and needed) main water line the very next day.
He didn't upsell, was totally professional and completed the project under budget and sooner than he had promised.
I would definitely recommend Hansen's plumbing!

Highly recommend Eric.
Great service and very personable.
I called Eric after 5pm yesterday.
He quoted me a price for a new garbage disposal.
I made an appointment for today.
He showed up on time and completed the work as quoted.
Without a doubt, we would definitely call him again!!

Great job, on time, fast and reasonable!
Now my go to guy for any plumbing issues!

Immediately night call.
Eric, the owner, helped me diagnose a problem over the phone.
Very kind, courteous

Called at 5pm Friday with a messed up, blown out shower valve.
Eric was here within 30 minutes & did what he could to fix it, explaining everything as he went.
Definitely recommend!
Will be using him for future work for sure.

Great service!
Called on a Saturday with a sink leak.
Erik told me to snap a few pics and send to him.
A minute after I sent them he called me back and immediately knew what was wrong.
He was able to tell me what to do over the phone and my sink was back to perfect within in minute!
Didn't even have to come out to me!
Unbelievable!
He could have come out and charged me but was nice enough to walk me through my issue.
I will definitely call again and hopefully pay them this time!
What amazing service!

I have a rental property in Arizona and I live in California.
This is my first rental property and so when the tenant called about problems with a lack of ample hot water to fill the bathtub I got concerned and assumed the worst case (water heater replacement or worse...).
I saw Hansen's had good reviews and was impressed by the business sense of the owner Eric to produce such a video promoting his company.
I just trusted based off of those two things.
I called and spoke with Eric and he was helping me diagnose the problem by phone.
I connected him with the tenant and Eric met him at the property in Arizona on Monday.
I was PLEASANTLY surprised that Eric called saying it was a valve that was shot and not opened properly to begin with because the townhome had been sitting for some time in foreclosure and so someone had turned the valve which limited the hot water supply.
Anyway, an expected replacement of a water heater of $700-$800 went to a replacement of a valve for under $200.
I appreciated and respected the honesty so much and now have a reliable, trustworthy and professional plumber in Eric and Hansen Plumbing Service that I'll use in the future and refer to others.

Eric and Larry were courteous and efficient, clearing our sewer clog quickly with no mess!!
I would definitely utilize their services again when needed and recommend this service to others in the area!

If I could give 25 stars I would!
Eric is the Best!!
Most honest fair priced plumber in the Valley.
He came out early in the morning to work with my schedule and gave me a straight forward estimate with no additional hidden costs or mark-ups.
His labor fees are very affordable and he un-clogged my drain and fixed the water pressure at no cost!
I will most definately be using him for all of my future plumbing needs :))) Five stars for sure *****

My Home Depot installed water heater quit (again).
Called them, they would replace the unit N/C but not the plumbing.
The contractor they had call me wanted $150 more then Eric.
That was a good start and then I checked his reviews.
Also good.
All I can say is that Eric did me a solid!
He seems to put forth his best effort into customer service.
Edward came out and did the actual install.
The Home Depot plumber who installed my last unit charge me a plumbing kit charge but never changed anything.
Edward got me hooked up with new valve and lines.
He was polite, helpful, friendly and knowledgeable.
Edward also showed us proper maintenance procedures.
So thanks for the good service guys, you earned this review!

I had Hansen's out to fix a toilet a couple months ago.
They came quickly and fixed it properly.
It was not Eric, but one of his partners/employees.
He was very personable and did the job right.
In fact, he needed special bolts and left my house and returned after one hour with the two bolts.
No extra charge.
I will use them again.

