Marlene C. is awesome.
Always asks me what I want on each visit.
That is VERY important.
Your stylist should NEVER assume they know what you want.

Great Great Great salon!!
They offer all sorts of services and Karyn, one of the nail techs is amazing!
I'm a little obsessive with perfection when it comes to my nails and she does an absolute perfect job!
Pays so much attention to detail!
She is always creative and can make designs if you wish.
She has many many color options.
I would recommend EVERYONE to her and this salon!!
Plus they won Best Salon in the East Valley!

I have been a client of Stephanie's for 4 years, and have always had the absolute best service.
She is very professional, and I always feel pampered from the moment I walk in the door.
Her entire staff is wonderful, and she is the best stylist!
Savante Salon is absolutely the best, reasonable prices, and professional service.

Ladies, you know how hard it is to find a great stylist.
If you've bounced around from stylist to sylist and salon to salon, STOP THE MADNESS!!
Tiffany is your girl!
I've been going to Tiffany for over a year now (maybe longer - I've lost track of time!
) and she's amazing!
She is very skilled, up-to-date on all the current styles and, above all, so professional.
So much so that I've also entrusted her with the manes of my daughters, ages 15 and 10.
With that said, her range is amazing and all three of us gals leave there, every time, very happy with our do's.
Tiffany is also an excellent colorist.
I get thee most fabulous compliments on my hair color - even from guy!.
And we all know that guys don't normally notice that kinda stuff!
Anyway, I cannot recommend Tiffany enough.
She's golden!
P.S.
Tiffany also recently styled the hair of my daughter's entire quinceanera court.
They all looked beautiful and were so, so happy with the hairstyles!
Thanks Tiffany!!

I found Savante Salon through a Dealfind coupon, and let me tell you - I'M SO GLAD I DID!!
Like many of us, I have gone all over town trying to find a good, solid, reliable, affordable stylist.
The great news is, it looks like my search is finally over!
Marlene did the most wonderful job on my hair - cut, color and style - and she had the whole thing done in an hour and a half!
The results?
Let me put it this way....my boyfriend has not stopped telling me how beautiful my hair looks - and YOU KNOW how rare it is for a guy to mention things like that!
I've also gotten a lot of compliments from the people I work with and from my fellow bandmates.
Marlene is so amazing that after my appointment was finished I did something I almost NEVER do - I set another one!
Regarding the salon itself, it's a cute little place that's clean and pleasant.
The staff is very friendly, from the time I made the appointment over the phone to the time I left the salon.
One more thing - my biggest pet peeve at salons is when the stylists gossip amongst themselves as if their clients aren't even sitting in front of them.
Guess what?
There was NONE OF THAT - at least not while I was there.
This place (and Marlene) are pure gold - CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK!

I went there after buying a groupon.
The ladies that did my nails were decently nice, and did an alright job.
I understand there are probably people who bring their unruly children to the salon, but I felt judged for bringing my 8 month old, who didn't make a peep!
The bang for your buck was extremely low.
The groupon was $35 for a mani-pedi, with shellac for your finger nails.
The pedicure was "dry" which was a fancy term for nail polish on your toes, so I paid an extra $15 for a real pedicure which didn't include hot stones, hot towels, or anything extra.
Very basic.
It was all basic.
My manicure didn't even include lotion on my hands.
I ended up spending over 65 after tip, and left feeling unsatisfied, Almost as if i had been somewhat robbed.
I just gave it 3 stars because the ambiance was alright, and so were the techs.
P.s.- The front desk girl was not friendly at all!

I had a Groupon to get a shellac mani and a pedicure.
I went ahead an added a brow wax for a discounted price.
The salon was nice, inviting, and clean.
The people were all very friendly.
I got my wax and I thought she did a GREAT job with my brows.
Karyn did my nails and did a fantastic job!!!!
I was impressed with all the color choices and her attention to details.
I would definitely return again.

I came here with a groupon for $35 for a mani and pedi which was overall mediocre.
The manicure was not even at all and was the worst painting i've ever gotten.
The groupon also offered half off a hair cut, which was mediocre as well.
The salon itself is small and cramped.
The two pedicure chairs and the hair washing station are all crammed into a tiny room.
This was not relaxing to me.
I felt I icompletely unsatisfied considering I ended up spending $93 with my added haircut and their tips.
I really should have tipped off the groupon price rather than the full price...
I would not come here again, even if they had another groupon.

I have been going to this salon since it opened up.
And I love the owner Stephanie.
I have been going to her for about six years now.
The coworkers that work there are so nice.
See you in August Stephanie.

I first came to the salon with a Groupon for a mani/pedi and they totally won me over!
Not only was the nail service spectacular I added a waxing which was awesome.
They are extremely attentive to your needs and their service.
I now go to them for all my beauty services (hair, nails, and waxing) because the atmosphere and service is so professional.
I am going to try their facial service for the first time in a week or so and am excited!
I think others are noticing this as well because the salon has now expanded space and hired more employees.

I love this place!
They had me the moment I walked in and was offered something to drink..including a glass of wine.
Had a cut and color done by Stephanie and I love it.
Staff is super friendly and It's a great place to be pampered.
I will most definitely be back!

Absolutely love Kelly!
She does an amazing job and always knows exactly what I want.
I'm always complimented on my nails!

Dropped in with my expired Groupon.
Basically used my Groupon as a credit which they were happy to do.
Got waxed and must say was one if the best waxing experiences ever, great job and she took her time will definitely use her from now on.
Then pedicure...
Awesome pedicure.
The while experience felt relaxing, not rushed at all.

