This helicopter ride was a great experience.
We did the doors off starting at 8:30 and it was the perfect time because there was still enough light to see mountains but we still got the see the strip all lit up.
The ride was smooth, the pilot seemed to know what he was doing (he said 31 years with military experience), everything was explained clearly, they seemed to be very very careful with safety and the chopper was great.
The staff was also kind enough to email me a copy of the picture that they took of us in front of the helicopter.
Overall highly recommended!
No better way to see the strip.

This helicopter was worth every penny.....We had some issue contacting Adventure Helicopter Tours as we bought the tickets through Groupon.
But, once we got hold of them, they did everything we needed for a good experience and some more........Free ride to the Helipad.....and welcome champagne at the office to start with.......The helicopter ride was very cool...no doors....talk about adventure...it was true to its name...highly recommend if you are visiting Vegas.......

Earlier this year I bought two groupon tickets for the strip by night adventure.
We were finally in a position to use them so I called the number given on the actual groupon to book our ride.
The woman who answered was very sweet, very polite and tried to be helpful, but she was brand spanking new and working alone.
She had no idea how to book it from a groupon ticket, so she promised me someone else would call me back.
The next day I get a call, but nope she couldn't help either.
She was also very polite, but again of no use.
She promised me I would get another call...
HOURS later (we were ready to bum rush the business address by this time) I get a call from the marketing executive.
She was also very polite and booked us immediately.
Gave us several options on days and times and even if we wanted doors on or off on our ride.
We chose our time, day and doors off option.
She explained that they had moved offices, so she emailed me the address of the new location.
Normally people get shuttled here because they are tourists who are staying at a hotel, but we have a home here and drove ourselves.
This was our first mistake.
There was no one at the address we were given, there was NO signage and we spent close to 30 minutes driving from building to building trying to find someone who even knew this tour group.
We finally saw two employees walking through the parking lot and they told us YOU'RE HERE, just come on in.
I looked up at the door, different address and yup no sign.
We were confused but at least we found the place.
I had been told by the marketing exec that I could print out my groupon on site.
This posed a serious problem because their computers were at another office, so we went on tour of all the hangars until we came to the other office.
printed out the groupons, spoke with our pilot and then decided to go to the tarmac and the helicopter.
THE FREAKING DOORS WERE ON, now my outfit was going to be too hot and my camera wasn't set up to take photos through glass.. SOB.
The pilot was very apologetic, I said, it's to be expected nothing with your company has gone as planned yet.
We went up, had a great flight.
It's short but spectacular.
The helicopter is small but has amazing views because it is almost all glass.
It's like being in glass bowl suspended 1000's of feet above the strip.
I was able to get a few clear shots, but nothing to get excited about.
When we got back to the original hangar the next couple was preparing for their flight.
They had been brought there by the shuttle, were being served champagne and were having a delightful time  They were in summer clothing and would not be overheated like we had been on our closed flight.
I have since contacted the marketing exec and told her about our experience.
She apologized and tentatively offered me free show tickets to make up for the night.
She hinted at a possible discount at a future flight, but made no attempts to correct all that went wrong.
I can not tell you whether to use this company or not.
I know there are many many tours in Vegas that do the same thing though.

This was a really fun experience during my trip to Vegas.
It's not one of the bigger helicopter expeditions where they fly you off to the Hoover Dam or Grand Canyon but it is still a nice way to get a good look at the strip from above and more fun than a bus tour or any tour on the ground.
The service was pretty good all the way around.
A shuttle bus/cargo van will pick you up from your hotel or another hotel destination and take you out to the airport in North Vegas.
This was the one weird part about the experience and that had some of the people I did the tour with feeling nervous.
A friend of mine booked the tour through a Groupon or Livingsocial deal and it was hard to even confirm that the thing was purchased, randomly my friend received a text message saying to meet at a certain place and time for the ride to the airport, people in the group thought it was shady but I wasn't overly concerned.
When we did arrive for the shuttle, we were met by two nice ladies who would be our driver/tour guides from the trip from the strip to the airport.
Both were really fun and loose and gave a few tips and nuggets about the city of Las Vegas, they also spent time just having general conversation with each other which was fine.
We arrived at the airport and the staff there was friendly and welcoming as well; we were served champagne while we waited for everything to be set up.
A staff member drives you out to the airport from the hanger in a nice party bus style shuttle, which was cool as well.
Once you get to the actual helicopter you may get a little nervous, the helicopter is small, not like a giant police or news team helicopter.
It only seats 4, 1 being the pilot so you either have to go 3 people up at a time depending on size of your party.
They also weigh you at the airport so depending on how much you weigh it could be a factor in whom you are allowed to fly with, the helicopter needs to be balanced.
When you  get to the helicopter, you're literally strapped in in a minute and given a headset so you can communicate with the pilot as well as your fellow passengers, it also lets you listen it to the air traffic controller which is pretty cool.
Also be prepared because this particular helicopter does not have any doors and the wind is whipping pretty hard.
After a quick introduction with the pilot we were off and up.
You fly up to about 300 feet and are given a real bird's eye view of the strip, this is a strip tour so it's not overly long, from the time you leave the hanger, go up and out over the strip and come back is only about 20 minutes but it still a very fun experience.
I definitely recommend it for anyone who is looking for something fun and new to do; it'll be well worth the time and money.
The view of the strip is cool from a helicopter and you can really see how amazing some of the hotels are from that high up, the only thing that would have made it better is if the tour I took was at night instead of the afternoon.
The crew was friendly, the ride was amazing and I'd definitely do it again, a very unique way to see Vegas.

Blew it!!
They didn't even show up to pick us up.
Then they were completely rude when trying to figure out what happened.
Don't waste your time with this company choose another!

This review is for the Extreme Night Tour with the doors off.
My seventy year old mom, 22 year old niece, two year old great niece and 45 year old me took the night flight at eight o'clock last Saturday.
The waiting area at North Las Vegas Airport was clean and comfortable, the bus ride to the helicopter was clean and comfortable, the staff were friendly, professional and great, even when there were questions about the service I used to buy the tickets from.
Unless you've ridden this way in a helicopter there is no way to fully explain it.
No grab handles, sitting on the edge of the helicopter, doors off, wind blowing and flying over the strip.
Wow!
We even flew over the McCarran Airport, what a treat to look down on that, fly near the hotels and see lightning in the distance.
We must have flown within two hundred yards of the Stratosphere.
The pilot started off so smooth and easy, there were no stomach-nausea-inducing drops, but after we got to the end of the strip he started to bank harder and fly a little more aggressively and it was borderline scary, hanging in a bank and looking straight down at the ground below made me hold my breath and remind myself it's safe.
What an experience!
Five stars.
Don't forget the pilot and bus driver work cheaply to do something they love and need your tips, may I recommend 20%.
You gotta do this at least once in your life.
Obviously I'm a huge fan and this was my first contact with this company and I purchased through a third party, IMS.

