This was the 4th service I tried.
The other pet sitters I used didn't follow my instructions and some wouldn't even return my calls when I checked to see how my pets were doing.
I can't say enough about Amanda's Pet Sitting!
Amanda followed my instructions perfectly and was always in touch with me and returned my phone calls right away.
I've used her services for years now and I'm always happy with her service.
I recommend Amanda to everyone I know that has pets.

Amanda Turner is a thief and a con artist.
We hired her to take care of our dogs and she took the mony we left for her and never came back.
We had to have a lock smith gain access to our home and had a friend take our severely dehydrated dogs that had no food or water for almost three days to the vet for emergency medical treatment.
We also discoverd upon returning hat she had also stolen items that she thought we would not notice.
What she never knew was that our home has video surveillance and caught her not only not showing up to take care of our dogs but stealing from us.
DO NOT USE HER  Amanda's Pet Sitting - AZ

Amanda Turner is a thief and a con artist.
We hired her to take care of our dogs and she took the mony we left for her and never came back.
We had to have a lock smith gain access to our home and had a friend take our severely dehydrated dogs that had no food or water for almost three days to the vet for emergency medical treatment.
We also discoverd upon returning hat she had also stolen items that she thought we would not notice.
What she never knew was that our home has video surveillance and caught her not only not showing up to take care of our dogs but stealing from us.
DO NOT USE HER  Amanda's Pet Sitting - AZ

If I could give a zero, I would.
I totally agree with David S. and John R.  This person is a scam artist.
I hired her to stay at my house and take care of my 4 month old puppy who I left in a crate as I departed to the airport on my way to a friend's wedding back East.
My brother lives in town and happened (by chance) to stop by my house two days after I had left.
When he arrived, the puppy's crate was full of urine and feces, he had no food or water, and it was clear he had not been attended to since I had departed.
My brother ended up staying at my house because it was obvious no pet sitter had come by.
On the last day of my trip (the day before I was due home, 5 full days later), Amanda showed up and was shocked to find my brother at the house.
She gave him a lame excuse that there had been a death in the family and she was so distraught she has mixed the dates up.
Yeah right.
If my brother had not stopped by the house on a whim, there is a good chance my puppy would have died.
She is a soulless and evil person.
Until I read the other reviews I was hoping it truly was a mistake, but I think this is her M.O.
Head the warnings and do not trust this person.
As you can see from my Yelp history, I am not a random Yelper.
I was the original Phoenix Yelper, and I do not often post reviews unless I feel truly compelled.
I wish I would have reported her to the police.

We have been using Amanda for several years, and I have to say that she has always been great with our two cats, going above and beyond for them and for us.
They both require special care and Amanda makes sure everything is carried out to the letter.
They are happy and well cared for when we return, and she is always on top of all the incidentals (which in our case require daily attention).
We use her frequently, for short trips and extended vacations, and she has always met our very high expectations.

