I just came back from Culvers and it was a delicious experience (for fast food).
I went through the drive-through since it was clear the inside was packed.
The only problem I had was I asked for what was directly on the menu and labeled as  'limited edition' and was told they don't have it.
"smoky cheddar bacon & mushroom butterburger"  So they asked if I would take a  "smoky cheddar butterburger".
I said sure thinking "what a new guy..." (note this place just opened today)  I quickly opened the wrapper to see what I got (it was now a mystery) To my excitement I got exactly what I wanted (bacon and mushroom and all!
)  Food was great (if you like culvers and I do).
Drive through guy drove me slightly nuts, but I hope they improve it.

Whatza Culvers?
I drove by this place as it was being built; didn't know what it was, but "butterburger" and "frozen yogurt" caught my eye..... so I decided to visit it on 2011-05-30 (dine-in).
Looks like it just opened, and it was busy.
Turns out this place is a fast-food chain based out of Wisconsin that I had never heard of before... kind of like a cross between an In-and-Out and a Dairy Queen.
Menu is a bit daunting the first time - a burger or a sandwich?
what side?
smoothies, or regular drinks?
You walk up to the counter, place your order, take your number to your table, and they deliver your order to your table when it's ready.
The burger patties are different... they're about 1/8" thick and seem pressed/fried.
The buns are nice and soft... ingredients are fresh or properly cooked.
Flavors are there... but it is a different style burger than what we're used to seeing.
I tried the cheese curds; just wish they hadn't breaded/deep-fried them.
I like my curds natural.
A fountain drink completes the "value basket" deal.
Their frozen yogurt or "concrete mix" sealed the deal.... we tried the banana split (nice) and their "brownie cookie dough".
Kinda hard to screw up frozen yogurt!
yum!
Okay, so I now know what a Culvers is.
It's a good change-of-pace from the other fast food chains.
Not sure I'd go out of my way just to come here (unless I'm really in the mood for it).
I'll have to try other items, but for now, its a 3 star rating.

This Culvers is just like every other Culvers.
You come for the awesome custard but the food is soo bad, by the time you are done you don't even want to look at the custard.
If you LOVE Culvers then you will love this place, but if you are like me then you know there is much better food in the immediate area.
Face it, Culvers is the place you settle on and never set out to eat at.

A good place for bugers and fries.

This place is pretty tasty!
The burger was good.
Well above average, but it better be when it's $5 or more.
My kid and I got a burger each, a soda, a shake and a mixer thing (like a Blizzard) and I dropped $20.
That's a bit over my budget for two.
We try and stay under $12 which is doable if we skip the ice cream/custard.
I don't know that we'd skip that if we're going to Culver's though.
The custard is pretty good.
Understand that I'm not a connoisseur of ice creams and related deserts.
They pretty much fall into two categories for me.
Good and not so good.
This is on the good side.
I prefer Fudruckers and Five Guys over these burgers.
I also prefer Cold Stone for ice cream.

Mmm Cheese Curds.
Cashew & Caramel Custard is good too.
Fast drive thru here.
Wish they had breakfast.
Or do they?

One bite of this "butter burger" and I was in an instant transported back to my Grandmothers kitchen as she would fry-up the most delicious burgers in butter!!!
This place is dangerous!!!
The fried cheese curds were a great accompaniment to burger heaven and the house brand root-beer was a perfect finish to an inexpensive burger.
Unbelievably delicious!

From their chicken sandwiches, to their onion rings, to the cement mixers, to their super sanitary lid dispensers, I'm a huge fan of Culver's!
The quality is above and beyond what you would get from any other "burger joint" i.e.
McDonalds, Burger King, etc.
You'll wait a little longer but the quality is WAY WORTH IT!

It's not your mama's 99 cent burger but then again... it's worth more.
Everyone's been raving about Culvers, so passing it on the way home i was drawn in by the crowds and a quick trip through the drive thru made me a fan.
I'd give it 5 stars but i wasn't slammed with the custard but... maybe on another day or mine was too small to get into it.
The burger though was an awesome treat.
Those buttered buns and fresh ingredients.... just what the heart doctor ordered.
There were bigger ones on the menu but.. since i had just had lunch i thought a taste would sell me or not....and it did.
From the reception this chain has gotten, i'd say their game plan is a winner and i can't wait to go back and try some of the other goodies for a more complete experience.
Now.. if White Castle would only make an appearance.
But i think Culvers will give In & Out a fight for the burger buck in this town.
Both are worth the trip though !

I would actually say about 3.5 ...
But since they did a fundraiser for my son's school, I bumped them up.
The good: selection!
I had a cod sandwich, big and juicy, could have done without the cheese and it needed more tarter.
It was a large, full piece if fish.
The onion rings - large, I would consider the breading 'medium' thickness.
I love onion rings, and these are better than any other fast food joint.
The negatives: my son got the bacon burger, thin and dry.
French fries sucked.
Now this place is suppose to have good ice cream - and if you know me - you know I eat ice cream almost daily.
I have say - average.
In fact, I think I would prefer DQ, especially for the price.
Finally - this place is expensive for fast food.
Bacon burger, fries, softdrink, cod sandwich and onion rings - $14.00...I think I can find healthier options for about the same price and speed.

The custard is good.
We are always satisfied with the selection.
I enjoy the root beer floats, french fries and onion rings there.

Awesome burger..great prices..delicious concrete mixers and custard with different flavors every day..Actually met the owner at my barber shop and he was very nice and gave me free coupon for custard after I told him that I love his place & it was better than Freddys!

I took my family here after months of driving past it every day, and we have come back regularly ever since.
Culvers is like a Dairy Queen, except that the food is good.
The butterburgers are very good.
I cannot think of a better fast-food burger, except possibly Lenny's.
The thick, crinkle-cut fries are delicious as well.
They have a fairly large selection of dessert items - much more than most fast-food chains.
My only disappointment was the cod filet.
It was far too greasy for my taste.
This location is very clean and seems to be run by people of higher intelligence than a typical fast-food place (Wendy's is the worst in this department).
The staff is consistently friendly and efficient.
Highly recommended.

Yeah, the butter burgers are great, but that is just the beginning.
The onion rings are Fabulous!
The concrete mixers have many more options that Dairy Queen, the side salads are worth a mention for the healthy alternative.
They even have green beans as a side dish.
OK, it is fast food, but good fast food that does not taste processed.
(McDonald's and Burger King)  It is as good at is gets for taste, value and menu.
There is not a more robust fast food offering that I am aware of.

quick qualifier, I didn't choose to go here, the soccer team manager did... the whole soccer team went between tournament games at Reach 11.
Ok - first know that at Culvers you're getting fairly greasy fast food type stuff  like burgers & fries.
They are known for their burgers & custard.
Didn't have either of those  but my sons gave the burgers a 3.5.
Fries were krinkle cut, very average.
I had the Reuben, pretty good, but the sauerkraut was pretty bland.
Probably  the healthiest sandwich on the menu besides the grilled chicken.
Unlike McD's, they have competent people who work there.
And I like that they bring your order to your table, so you're not stumbling around waiting by the counter.
So definitely a step above all the big fast food chains with prices that are just a tad (I think...) more.

I've heard a lot of raving reviews, and yes, the burgers are pretty good (for the price).
When I received mine, the bottom half of the bun was really cold, and it did not arrive the way I asked.
After the meal, I ordered a frozen custard mixer.
That also wasn't given to me the way I ordered it.
When I told them they left out one of my choices of toppings, they decided to throw the entire thing away, and make me out to be a jerk when I wasn't trying to at all.

We went to Culver's last night for the first time since they built the one in our neck of the woods on Cave Creek Road.
I'll make this review brief because we didn't eat a full meal, just went for some frozen custard.
We've all had frozen custard at little places we love in the Midwest, so were excited to try Culver's.
When we pulled up, the air smelled strongly of fried fish as it was "walleye special" night.
It wasn't the most appetizing aroma, but hey, we Midwesterners love our fish fries.
First off, I never knew Culver's was a fast food joint.
Very similar to McDonald's, you order at a counter off a huge menu on the wall.
The only choices for dine-in frozen custard were vanilla, chocolate or some flavor of the day.
Then you were encouraged to add various candies and snacks to mix in as in a Dairy Queen Blizzard.
In a case at the side of the lobby, there were containers of different frozen custard flavors that sounded pretty good, like chocolate-covered strawberry and bonfire s'mores.
Unfortunately, there was none to be found except in those cartons for carry-out.
The chocolate frozen custard I tasted had a good texture but was amongst the sweetest ice creams or custards I've ever had.
I would not order it again.
The other major criticism is that while we were waiting for our order, employees kept rushing past us and saying "excuse me" in a somewhat exasperated way.
We finally figured out that we were supposed to go sit down and wait for our orders so we wouldn't be "in the way.
" Woulda been nice if one of them had suggested that instead of just seeming annoyed that we were standing in the order counter/lobby area.
Whatevs.
Would not recommend and would not return.
If you already love Culver's from eating there in your childhood, you'd probably be happy with it now.
If you've never been there before, make sure your expectations are set according to the reality of what they present.
I would choose In 'n' Out burger any day over this place and go get gelato at That's Amore afterward.

Ok, "butter burger" can it get any better sounding?
Yes!
Taste it.
This chain is mainly in north--found it way south!
Ice cream is great--shakes are super thick and cement mixers--yum!

This is a fairly new to the valley, "Fast food" type of place with both drive through with a dine in area as well.
I've been to every "specialty burger" joint in the valley and none of them, and I mean NONE of them, can hold a candle to the food quality of Culiver's!
If you do fast food, and quality is what your after then you must give these guys a go!!
Awesome food, a very unique menu and very friendly staff members.
I give it 5 starts and 3 thumbs up!

Mint Oreo concrete mixers are fantastic!
They do a great job here.
Always fast service and they get it right!

Visit on 7.29.13 at Lunch (about 1pm-ish).
Employees goofing around while I ordered, something hilarious between counter and kitchen staff...keep it together people !
Yep, manager right there...  ...and the order wrong too...ordered no cheese and fried onions to eat-in...came in a paper bag with cheese and raw onions.
Can it get worse?
Will I be back?
...yes it can...order came back (delivered by manager!
) again...with cheese.
Got refund (took an unacceptably long time) and went somewhere else for lunch.
Won't be back soon.
Dang, now I have to find a new, regular lunch spot.

Ate here numerous times and food has been fresh, tasty and relatively cheap everytime.
Much prefer this place over in and out/five guys

It's fast food but it actually tastes good.
Chicken strips are juicy, not dried out like everywhere else.
Menu board is a little intimidating.
A couple of times I've experienced a slightly distracted order taker but other than that, staff is pretty friendly and chocolate malts are great.

Ironically, everything but the fries and burger (patty) was good.
I have no idea what the rave is about.
Fries weren't good at all, the burger patty was a pancake (get the double, the single is a joke) and the service was slow.
Just moved here from San Diego, was hoping to try some new joints... this is not it.

Waited close to 15 minutes for a side salad and a kids meal.
I had to go and get it myself from the counter.
Huge crowd of people at the counter, no one directing anyone to the next available cashier.
Very unfriendly workers.

We live close by and its the only food spot close traveling North on Cave Creek that kids like.
Their kids burgers have literally nothing in them, besides a meat patty and 2 buns... the kids were like " Wheres our lettuce and tomatoes, mama?
" The regular burgers are greasy because the bread gets buttered up.
If you are really starving you can stop by, otherwise dont waist your calories and appetite on this!

My wife and I were traveling to Cave Creek and were drawn in by a sign reading 'Butterburgers' which I certainly thought was 'Butterbeer,' until I realized that we were in Phoenix, not Hogsmeade.
But when one is brave enough to advertise butter and burgers not only together in a sentence, but in a WORD, the gauntlet is thus thrown down and one (another one), must pick it up--or whatever one does with a gauntlet.
I'll be damned if the burgers were not buttery, but in a good way.
Fries were crispy and crinkly, harkening back to time spent as a lad at the late great freestanding Foster's Freeze.
The novelty of the butterburger compelled me to even challenge my fondness for In-n-Out.
The malt was malty--even maltese, if you please the food was salty with just a hint of greaze (bad spelling, good rhyming).
The manager was very friendly and hovered over my wife like a Coast Guard rescue copter.
All in all, a top notch dining experience that had us filled for quite a spell.

So tonight during a custard run, I witnessed the general manager taking his frustration out on an employee by yelling and dropping the f-bomb within earshot of dozens of other patrons to include many families with children.
It was disgusting and completely inexcusable.
When I asked to speak with the manager to discuss how unhappy I was, he refused to see me.
I waited 10 minutes while my custard melted and he still wouldn't come out.
Shame on the manager for not keeping your cool.
You can't be a leader if you can't keep your cool.
I'm not surprised if you have employees that aren't up to par.
I wouldn't be motivated to work hard for a man who yells and curses at me.

This was our first ever visit to a Culvers location and we had heard good things about them from most people in the area.
So, since it was a busy day and we didn't want to cook and this is about one mile from our place - burgers!
Parking was a breeze and we got a spot right in front.
We were greeted as soon as we walked in and they were patient while we looked through the menu to get a feel for what we wanted.
I opted for the butterburger with two patties, fries and a mint and Oreo concrete mixer.
I loved the burger, the bun was definitely buttery and the patty was cooked nicely.
The fries were crinkle cut (my fave) and they made a great side option.
The best part of the whole deal was the concrete mixer.
Our cashier recommended it to me and said that it was the most popular order - there was no wondering why!
The custard was a great change from a typical milkshake and the mint flavor was nicely done and not overwhelming.
Overall: A It's a butter burger place - get a burger, fries and a "shake" and regret nothing!

Four stars instead of 5, only because the staff doesn't have a clue what they're serving.
Faces went blank when asked for prices, ingredients, etc.
Menu board is overly busy, difficult to scan quickly and distracting.
According to other recent posts, this store needs some industrial-strength retraining of counter staff.
At 3 PM on a Saturday the place was nearly empty, yet a clean table was hard to find - and that's a bad sign.
That said, quality and value-wise, it's got the competition beat by a mile!
Jack, King, Carl, Wendy and Ronald's burgers are usually dumpster grub anyway, but are especially so when compared to Culver's.
And In & Out better wake up, cuz Culver's (a growing national chain headquartered in Wisconsin) is coming up the inside track dangerously close behind...  What makes their "butter burgers" special is the butter-toasted buns and patty.
Is this instant cholesterol?
Of course it is... but if you value your health, you don't eat this type of fare on a regular basis anyway!
Treat it like any Special Event and you'll be glad you did.
For the very best, get a 'double' without mayo, pickles, catsup or mustard.
Substitute raw onions for the greasy fried, add cheese, raw lettuce and fresh tomato and you've got damn near a healthy meal as well as a super-delicious one.
All in all a very satisfying experience!
Just take care of the counter staff.

Unfortunately not good!!
Today's visit was the last visit.
Just not impressed with how greasy the beef is.
Other dishes are ok nothing impressive enough for the price charged.
Well...
I do like the custard so it might not be the last time.

Horrible!
Dry and flavorless.
We got the pub burger, the Reuben, and a BBQ bacon burger.
All three were terrible.
Onion rings, blah.
Cheese curds, gross.
French fries, soggy.
The worst fast food ever.
Never going back

