Actually had a good sales experience.
Usually sales people vulture over me, always trying to force me on to ever more expensive Mattresses.
Mattress Firm was different.
I worked with two salespeople because one was out the day I came back, and both Gabe?
and Eric?
were great.
They all answered all of my questions, and really helped me find a mattress that worked for me and was actually in my somewhat lower ticket price range.
I really recce mend Mattress Firm in Madison, especially as they say they will beat any competitors price.

Brad D. was my salesman.
I was in the market for a low-end mattress and he was patient with me was he pulled the numerous mattresses off and on the shelf for me to try according to my requests.
I bought from here because they had a great sale on a Sealy Posturepedic mattress.
They said it'd be delivered 2 days after I bought it, and sure enough it came in on time for me to pick up.
Came to pick it up and met another salesman who was friendly and helpful as my dad and I were loading up my mattress set into my dad's truck.
All in all, a good experience here.
I already knew what I was in the market for, so I didn't need much help here.
I couldn't find better prices anywhere else around Madison.

Derrick B treated me very well and catered to my needs.
He was sensitive to my price range and introduced possible amenities but didn't push too hard when I wasn't interested in them.
Mattress Firm also helped me load the full set on top of my van, as I wanted to avoid delivery costs.
With a great selection, good prices (and a price guarantee), and helpful staff, I would recommend them to everyone as a first stop.

A while back we came here to use a Groupon we'd purchased.
We knew what kind of mattress we were looking for (comfy, cheap) and immediately headed to the clearance area.
They had the prices based on a weird month system, which we had figured out according to the sign, but then the salesman (sorry, can't remember his name) said no you're wrong it's this other way... then later he was like oh wait it's actually like this... so it took some time to get an actual price.
Once we had that, we asked if he'd throw in a universal frame, as these places often do.
He said of course, no problem!
So we go to the desk to pay, and say btw we have this Groupon for $100... annnd he went from moderately sleazy salesman to full on whiny PITA toddler mode.
Told us we couldn't have the bed frame after all (we argued but to no avail, even his manager said no).
We'd also settled on a delivery date a few days away, and upon the discovery of the Groupon, that date was no longer available.
So he offered a few others, and every time we'd choose one of his "available" times OMG well dontcha know that one is no longer available either!
We went through FIVE dates like that until finally one was scheduled three weeks out.
Mind you, we weren't jerks to him.
We were speedy in our selection and were generally polite until he started playing games.
If we didn't have the Groupon, we'd have been gone.
But we did, so we got the bed.
This would be a one-star review, except the delivery guys were prompt and courteous, and we like the mattress.
But if we had to do it over again, we'd go somewhere else.

