I really love this daycare.
We have been using them for years now with children of various ages.
The staff is quality and they know the kids well.
Our kids are happy and we rest easy knowing that they are well taken care of during the day.

HORRIBLE!!!!
Took a tour of facility on West Ann Rd.
today (9-14-12) in the afternoon; the fact that the facility offered a web cam option was the main reason why I was excited to tour facility for my three year old daughter BUT during my tour both the tour guide and I heard what sounded like an adult yelling coming from the "baby room", only to discover that when the guide opened the door the teacher yelling at the kids was busted; tour guide told  the teacher (Ms. Stormy) that a parent was being toured and that both staff and parent heard her yelling, the teacher responded by stating, "Oh, I didn't know.
"  Ms. Stormy/teacher was asked to leave the room and was called to the director's office.
I was horrified by my observation and saddened for the small ones who had the look of fear in their eyes.
As a parent, my heart aches for all of the parents who rely on that child care center to care for their children only to not know what takes place at that facility despite the web cam option.
I appreciate the fact that the staff were very apologetic and reported that the staff's behavior was inexcusable but I truly believe that if one of their own staff (tour guide) did not hear the teacher yelling, I am not confident that the staff would have taken my concerns/compliant seriously.
I am not sure that Ms. Stormy is going to face the consequences for her horrible action(s) of yelling at innocent, vulnerable children.
**Had to check a star to allow posting when center deserves none.

I have had children attending Bright Child at Ann Road for 5 years now, and I have no intention of moving!
My children are very happy here.
Bright Child is a fun, secure, and loving day care.
They have a curriculum for the preschool kids, and I have been very pleased that my kindergartner is encouraged to do his homework at Bright Child (it really helps me out that he's done with it by the time I pick him up)!
I've also been pleased at the instruction my 3 year old is receiving.
Overall, this is an awesome and reasonably-priced preschool/daycare!
Other highlights: school lunch and webcam offered.

Bright child on Ann Rd takes great care of my child, I know he is in good hands when he's there.
He loves the daily projects and has learned so much over the last year.
I'm very thankful that they made potty training my son such a breeze

I went in there unannounced to view the school and take a tour.
The ladies in the front office were warm and nice.
I was impressed with the facility.
We went into miss Michelle's class for the pre k. Miss Michelle was cleaning the chalk board as a lady dressed in scrubs was going over letters w/the children.
The kids seemed bored and lost interest .
The lady teaching the kids was SCREAMING at the kids and walked over w big eyes and told a little boy to sit down,be quite in a very aggressive manner.
This is was a lasting impression!!
I told the lady giving me the tour they made the worst 1st impression and my son will never go to this daycare.
I feel sorry for the kids in the class.
Terrible way to introduce children to learning and school.

