BAD SERVICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was placed on hold for 12 mins and when I hung up and and called back in 5 mins The guy said well im going to place you back on hold.
And I was on hold another 5 mins before I hung up.

Sean is the man!
Finally, I found someone who actually works on the motorized Razor scooters.
After calling, then driving to 5 different locations I was ready to give up.
They fixed them quickly, super pleasant to work with and reasonably priced.

If I could leave 0 stars on this review, I wouldn't hesitate to do so.
Worst customer service EVER and over-priced on EVERYTHING!
A $50 carborator or $90... get outta here!
Beware!

WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER DO NOT COME HERE TAKE YOUR 2-WHEELED NEEDS ELSWHERE!!!!!
I would have selected 0 stars if that was an option.
Is it THIS hard to find a decent scooter shop in this town?
I drove all over looking for the one.
And I thought this was it.
However, As I stand at the threshold of the door after my 3rd visit, a brand new battery, wrong  voltage regulator in hand, $112.84 lighter, and Christ only knows  how many miles later, I am still kick starting my scooter.
The employee Rafael says he doesn't know the part number for the right voltage regulator, doesn't even know if he has the right one, refuses to refund my money even AFTER AN EMPLOYEE SOLD ME THE WRONG PART, and is telling me that the "Manager" won't be in until tomorrow, I'll just have to come back then.
I have never been more dissatisfied with a business's customer service in my life.
It is probably an hour round trip to this place, AND THEYRE TELLING ME I HAVE TO COME BACK TOMORROW?!?!?!
Hey, I understand the manager doesn't want to come in on his day off, I work too.
Perhaps he should hire some competent employees.
I believe Sean is his name.
He refused to talk with me on the phone and is clearly incapable of running a functional business establishment.
This shop should be SHUT DOWN.
I wish I had more hands, so I could give this place multiple thumbs WAY DOWN.

Quick and friendly service, knowledgeable and professional staff and good reasonable prices  Our go-to place whenever we have problems with our scooter - which was unfortunately often in the beginning as it was sitting in a garage unused for two years and any replacement parts are hard to come by as it was made in China.
But Sean is our hero and was always able to get it up and running again like a dream.
Even though the bike required extra work and hassle, he always took the time to find the problem and make sure it was fixed.
And I have to specify that it was often his own time that he put in because he never charged us for the full labor he put in.
So we were able to get our bike fixed at an unbelievably reasonable price considering all that was wrong with it.
He knows his stuff and I get the impression he took the time to thoroughly check that all is in order not only because he has high professional standards but because he loves what he does.
Some other bike owners recommended Procell to us when we first moved to Vegas and we would definitely say the same thing to anyone looking for good bike service.

