Kelly Barnhart, CSR, CSP, ABR, Realtor # 22956 is a real estate agent at this firm.
Kelly Barnhart is a dedicated professional and meticulous in nature.
Kelly Barnhart possesses a rare personality that allows her to focus on detail to the extreme while relating with a wide variety of people.
A total "get it done" attitude and experience.
Kelly Barnhart's knowledge of the real estate market in Las Vegas is wide and deep.
Having lived in Las Vegas for over 20 years doesn't hurt, but it is her inordinate ability to comprehend the most-intricate of real estate nuances that earns her 5-stars from me.
My story: I was involved in buying a short-sale home that took "for-ev-er" to complete.
From offer to close was almost a year.
There were compounding issues: new laws, tax breaks, government shutdowns, uncooperative bankers, completely irrational and dysfunctional market...some days it seemed the "OnLy" thing going for me was Kelly Barnhart who doggedly, relentlessly, zealously represented my interests while counseling me on alternatives, when I might be mistaken, or just simply unrealistic.
Before I settled on the home I eventually bought, Kelly was working with me for almost a year before all that.
Almost a whole year of "Here are the homes that fit your profile" and me saying "Nope, nope, nope, no way in Hell, nope, maybe, nope.
" She showed me well near two hundred homes before I finally found the one I really, really liked.
We would see 12 or 14 homes in one day...in the heat and in the cold...in the wind...work work work.
Kelly Barnhart has a work ethic that few rival.
Then, we found it.
The one day it rained in Las Vegas that year, cold sleet with beligerent wind, the day I thought "the game was going to be called according to weather", Kelly wouldn't quit.
And that was the day I found the home I would later buy.
But in the mean time, it was like pulling teeth for me to find the right home, and Kelly Barnhart kept up with me and still could go for more.
She was a *machine*.
Knows the town like the back of her hand, a marathon-runner's stamina, and never in a bad mood.
I always felt like I was her only client (though I know for a fact she had many more who represented much better commissions).
Boom Boom Boom!
Kelly would show me house after house.
She personally chose each and every home based on the ever-changing criteria I gave her.
And every time I would find something wrong with it.
Most people would have been happy, but not me.
Too much money, too far away, bad neighbors, not enough neighbors, too small.
Every little aspect I didn't like she would talk it through with me.
It started out being like Goldilocks and the Three Bears and ended with a fairytale happy ending.
"This one's too big, this one's too small, this one's too hot, this one's too cold" to "Yeah, that's the one!
That's really the one!
I want that one!
That one is 'The One'!".
I referred to it as "Molly's House" because it was the second home of fourteen we saw that day in the horrible windy rain and it was owner-occupied and they had this greyhound-dachsund rescue dog named "Molly" who was hyper and happy like a kid who just ate cotton candy and slurped down a Mountain Dew.
I am a very conscientious buyer.
Many would agree I am "neurotic" with a "bad attitude".
I am a stickler for detail.
I am really hard to get along with, especially when it comes to buying a home.
But Kelly Barnhart stuck through the whole process with me, and frankly I felt like I was Kelly's only client.
In the end, Kelly worked very, very hard for me.
Kelly Barnhart deserves to be recommended, and you should choose Kelly Barnhart for your Real Estate transaction.
And everyone can quote me.
Kelly Barnhart is highly recommended for her knowledge of the real estate industry, highly detailed understanding of the Las Vegas real estate market, and her unparalleled work ethic.
Her personal website is http://LasVegasHomesByKelly.com

Brad Whiting is and agent in this office.
Brad is the definition of a true real estate professional.
He insures the deal points are in his client favor while insuring the transaction is moving in the right direction.
I work for a new home builder in Las Vegas and though we represent different sides of the transaction Brad always responds in a timely fashion, works tirelessly ensuring the home closes on time and creates a win-win atmosphere.
If you are looking for representation I would seriously look at Brad, his experience and track record speak for them self.
Jamiel Rashdan Lennar Homes

I used Mike Yarbrough and really trusted him.
Unfortunately, the loan officer he steered me to (Security National) was horrific and I'm still cleaning up her mess, and Mike had to physically go down there and straighten it and her out.
He's patient, up front, realistic, and supportive.
We used him after I bought a house to sell the house we had been in--and have been very pleased yet again.
Mike also recommended we look in an area of town I did NOT want to look at.
Since I had nothing else to do that evening, I went down and and looked.
It's the house I'm typing from now--it was perfect.
I have no idea how he knew that I'd love it, but he did.
I'd use him again in a heartbeat.

If your looking for a place or looking to use this company as your property management do not.
Be smart and look elsewhere.
I have had the misfortune of using them.
They lied about issues with apartment.
Theyre customer service is not even decent.
They will schedule according to their convenience not yours.
And they will not meet in the middle.
Furthermore they are not informed about their units.
They will ask for deposits and not give you what the deposit is for.
Look else where if you desire good friendly and proper service

