This is by far my favorite dentist EVER!!!
I have been to tons of dentists and had loads of work done but not is as gentle as Dr. McAdams.
Also by far the best injections that I have received.
I no longer hate going to the dentist because of this guy.
Thank you Dr. McAdams

Jaimie was my dental hygienist at Dr. Kadosh's and Dr. Soto's office in San Francisco for a number of years.
She's very conscientious, very caring, and she has a wonderful personality--an important attribute for someone who works closely (and I mean this literally) with you!
I highly recommend her, especially to those who have a fear of dentistry.
She will definitely put you at ease.

First, I will give you my bias.
I have known Donnie McAdams since he was a 15 year old kid winning state wrestling championships in Alaska.... was the best man at his wedding, and have been around for most of the major events in his life.
Does this qualify me to get 4 crowns placed during his dental training in San Francisco, yes.
Does it obligate me to sit in his chair day after day for three to four hour appointments under the scrutiny of professors staffing one of the best private dental schools in the US, a resounding NO.
Averse to the amount of time it would take in school, I waited until he was four months into his practice, and flew 3649 miles from Anchorage, AK to see Don and Jamie here in Paradise Valley.
In a seemingly impossible flurry of dental activity, I had my four crowns prepped and temporary crowns placed in 2.25 hours.
On my followup a week later, I had four new porcelain crowns with perfect occlusion placed in less than an hour, and a perfectly clean grill thanks to Jamie.
Not only do my teeth look aesthetically awesome, but my bite feels better than ever.
I cannot recommend a person or a practice higher.
If I had another set of hands, I'd give them four thumbs up.
Do you, your mouth, and your family's mouth's a lifelong favor, and call this man and his wife and establish a relationship with them at Mcadams Dental...you will never regret the decision.

While visiting the great state of Arizona I had a dental emergency, I lost a crown.
I checked Yelp for dentists and found Dr McAdams.
The reviews were positive and even though he was not the closest I called his office.
I was given an appointment within a few hours of my call.
Dr. McAdams and his staff were very friendly and professional and I was in the dental chair on time.
Dr. McAdams had to remove decay by drilling and made sure I suffered no pain.
Throughout the procedure he kept me aware of what he was going to do and why.
I needed a new crown and was prepped for one.
I will be going back in a few weeks for a permanent crown.
I would  recommend Dr. McAdams and his staff to all.
P. A. Thomas

Dr. Donnie McAdams is by far the best dentist I have ever been to and his wife Jaime, who is the dental hygienist, is awesome.
They really have something special going on at there office.
Dr. McAdams does amazing work and he is completely honest as well.
I was in Scottsdale for a trip and started having tooth pain that couldn't wait untill I returned home.
I went to their office and they took care of everything.
He didn't try to scam me into anything that I didn't need.
He was completely honest with me and both Dr. McAdams and Jaime just made me feel great.
If I could afford it, I would fly here every time I needed a cleaning or a check up.

Dr. McAdams is unbelievable, he uses all of the latest technology and is very honest.
I had the same dentist for 20 years and thought he was good, well Dr McAdams is the best.
He does top notch work, you don't feel his shots.
Jaime the doctors wife does the teeth cleaning and uses some new type of laser instead of the standard scraping, it works better without discomfort.
I don't normally rate many businesses but the DR. and his crew have gone way out of their way to stand behind the work of the past Dentist/owner to save us both pain and money.
It's rare to find a dentist who cares that much.

Jaime & Donnie were part of the package.
I inherited Mr. & Mrs. McAdam's when I hooked up with my sweetheart, as Matt & Donnie had a long standing bromance since high school.
I turned over my grill to Donald while he was in dental school.
Now that Dr. McAdams and his super-hygienist wife have opened their own practice we fly from San Francisco to Phoenix to receive the same professional, top of the line, precision dental care we came to expect from Donnie when he was wielding his tools at the top ranked dental school.
I figure if he was talented enough, as a civil engineer to construct bridges in Phoenix and Sacramento, then I trust him with the bridges in my man's mouth.
They are already outfitting their office with state of the art equipment.
What I appreciate more than anything is an attention to detail and protocol I could never aspire to achieve.
They are sticklers for sterilization, hygiene and every detail of the the most current procedures.
But the thing I desire the most from the medical professionals that serve me (and my mechanic) is that they are honest in their recommendations and advocate only for necessary procedures that will prevent future issues.
They are both, master patient educators, as they are always aware of the latest and greatest in their field.
I recently got a lesson in proper brushing to help prevent gum recession, as well as accurate education on dental care during pregnancy (proving you can't trust every bit of info your trusty iPhone app delivers).
They have created an atmosphere they like to come to everyday and so they have assembled a staff that is fun and enjoyable to hang with during your vaca at the office.
Donnie's sweet mom is holding down the front desk.
They have a lovely assistant you might mistake for Rihanna.
And if you are lucky enough to have Jaime clean your teeth, you will never settle for a second rate hygienist again.
Most importantly their Pandora channel selections are superb and you will surely appreciate the jams they kick.
I have a feeling, very soon, they will be one of those practices that are booked out so far in advance, they will be hard to get into.
And then don't come crying to me.
I tried to tell you.
If you're smart you'll try to edge into their inner circle.
As great as they are at their profession they are even better friends.
You might be able to elbow your way in by talking guitar with Donald or if you've  recently been fishing in Alaska, bring in some salmon, that will surely win him over.
Get a cooler and some dry ice and fly some Humphry Slocombe ice cream in from San Francisco and you might win over Jaime.
Or you could just trying buying us some drinks at happy hour and maybe we'll put a good word in for you.

I recently had a dental emergency and without a regular dentist I thought I was going to take a chance and have to submit to one of the local dental clinics.
Luckily I called a friend that referred me to Doctor McAdam's.
He personally called me 30 minutes after my friend talked to him and fit me in the following morning at 8 am.
What I thought was a missing filling turned out to be a more serious extraction of one of my wisdom teeth.
The process was quick, painless and constantly reassured by Dr. McAdams' steady hands and calm demeanor.
I now have a regular dentist that I know I can rely on and rest assured will be with  for the rest of my life.
Thanks to the entire staff for being so welcoming and making my trip to the office a great one!

overall this is a great dental practice to visit.
i would not hesitate to reccomend it to anyone seeking a great Dentist and his team of skilled staff members.

I found McAdams on Yelp, actually, a few weeks ago when searching for a new dentist (we recently moved to this side of town) and saw that he had 5-star reviews.
Well, he didn't disappoint.
They take my insurance in-network, (that was a major concern for me) and treated me like a friend the moment I walked in the door.
The receptionist is super sweet and everyone I met was really friendly.
Even Dr. McAdams personally showed me the building improvements and introduced me to his staff.
They recently hired a new hygienist (Sam) who was great at cleaning and easy to talk to.
I'm going back and I'm happy to have found a new dentist near my house.
I'd recommend this place if you're looking for the smaller, family feel!

Had my first appointment today as a new patient.
Everyone in the office was welcoming, friendly, and professional.
After looking for a new dentist for the past few months, its great to finally find McAdams Dental.
Karen

This place was awesome!
From the moment I walked in, I felt at home.
I really appreciated the personalized service that I received from Dr. McAdams.
He made sure that I was comfortable during my treatment and even called me later that night to make sure I was doing well.
I would highly recommend them to my friends and family.

Who knew I'd actually enjoy going to the dentist!
McAdams Dental is a warm family oriented dental practice.
Everyone was super nice and friendly.
I highly recommend going to see them for all your dental needs!

I found McAdams Dental and Dr. McAdams thanks to the good people of Yelp and all of the positive reviews I read, and the experience far exceeded my expectations!
I was having extreme facial pain and not sure what was wrong, and the wonderful reception staff fit me in the very next day.
Dr. McAdams quickly determined that I had a nerve infection and needed a root canal, and even though I was not scheduled for anything as extensive as starting a root canal, he started the procedure and completely relieved my pain, saying he could not leave me like that over a holiday weekend (Labor Day!).
I've been back many times since and can't say enough to recommend Dr. McAdams and the entire staff.
Everything you could want in a dentist and more!

Found McAdams Dental strictly on yelp reviews and could not be happier.
I needed a filling replaced, called on a Monday and was able to be seen the next day.
Dr. McAdams even made time for me to have the filling done without having to come back for a second visit!
My teeth feel great now and I would definitely recommend Dr. Mc Adams and his staff!

Thank you McAdams Dental for making me feel at ease and at home in your office.
My visits are always positive, with no paperwork mistakes, no insurance mistakes.
I feel like the office is very clean and organized, which is super important!
The location is easy to find with ample parking.
The staff is awesoooooome!
Funny, chatty, without overshares and very very professional but laid back.
The team is very knowledgable, experienced and efficient.

McAdams Dental is amazing.
I hadn't been to the dentist in years - but Sara was amazing and gentle, and Dr. Adams made me feel totally at ease.
This is going to be a lifelong partnership.

I am sort of a freak when it comes to dentists.
I was crossing my fingers that the Yelp community was steering me in the right direction with Dr. McAdams.
I'm so glad that I trusted the reviews!
I felt like Dr. McAdams and the staff really empathizes with the "dentist panic" that a lot of people have, and are sincerely concerned about ensuring patient comfort throughout the process.
Even routine cleanings stress me out, and I was overdue because my prior dentist left the state.
On both of my appointments, I had no wait... and on the second appointment Dr. McAdams just took me back right away.
On my first appointment, the hygienist did a great job on the cleaning and ensured that reducing any pain due to my sensitivity was a top priority.
She even cleaned my teeth manually because the electric plaque remover (I have no idea what it's called) makes me crazy.
I went back for a second visit to replace a couple of old fillings and found the process to be completely PAIN FREE!
I'm one of those people who take a long time and lots of Lidocaine to get numb, which has frustrated other dentists in the past... which just made me more nervous.
Dr. McAdams has an easygoing personality and is very patient and calm, and he is very attentive to his patient's pain level and state of mind.
He mentioned more than once that patient comfort is his top priority - and it shows!!
He also brushed on a new product that is supposed to reduce sensitivity for 1-2 years, so I'm pretty excited about how that's going to turn out.
I have some pain even when brushing my teeth due to gum erosion, and already have noticed an immediate improvement in the sensitivity of my teeth after he applied the product.
I would recommend Dr. McAdams to anyone, but especially those who are nervous about going to the dentist or who have not been seeing a dentist regularly.
You'll be in good company with the rest of us!

This was my first time seeing a new dentist and after 26 years I was a little anxious to say the least.
The entire team welcomed me and made me feel like I had known them for years.
Thanks guys!!
Although I'm bummed I need some fillings I'm not nervous to come back next week!
See you then!

Yeah I was thinking no way these guys are that good with this many reviews but they are.
I went to another Dentist I won't name that said at 33 years old and pretty good dental history that I was going to need $10,000 in work done because I had too many fillings and I would need crown.
I knew this team who had taken over my old dentist operation was crooked.
Don, his wife, and mother run McAdams.
They are professional, very friendly, and only tell you what you need know not what they want to sell you.
I was thoroughly impressed and so happy that I couldn't wait to tell my wife and her mother how awesome this place is.
Don and his team are just really good people and you will get hat vibe when you first visit.
I highly recommend them to anyone, especially my own family.

The amount of five star reviews seemed too good to be true.
A dentist less than 5 minutes away that was also awesome?
Nah, couldn't be true...but it is true!
I was skeptical, and nervous.
I've had my share of horrible dental experiences.
However, Dr. McAdams is amazing!
My husband and I both really like him and his team.
My teeth were sparkling when I came out of my appointment, and it was one of the easiest and most thorough cleanings I have ever had.
I actually enjoyed getting my teeth clean.
But wait, there's more...my husband was so relaxed while getting two small cavities filled, that he fell ASLEEP.
He literally dozed off in the chair for a second.
My husband usually hates the dentist - dreads it for days.
But he had no problems at Dr. McAdams office.
My husband said there was no pain getting the cavities filled, and he didn't even feel the shot to numb his mouth.
Also, they gave my husband a print out of what our expected cost would be with insurance coverage (before the cavities were even filled); it was nice to have them be so upfront about it.
So professional and courteous.
Also, the front desk staff is so sweet!!!
I highly recommend Dr. McAdams and his team!
They are the BEST!

Having recently moved here from San Diego, I found myself in need of a dentist for my daughter and I. I went to yelp to get some direction.
After reading the numerous positive reviews for McAdams Dental, I have to admit I was somewhat skeptical.
I called and was treated as though my emergency was as important to them as it was to me...I booked the appointment.
My 7 year old daughter needed some work done on a tooth that would require a shot, this would be the true test.
He was AMAZING!
My daughter gave him a two thumbs up and we both look forward to many years of having him as our dentist.
If you are looking for a great dentist, look no further.
Dr. McAdams and his family/team are true gems!

I recently was in the market for a new dentist, so I searched yelp to find the best dentist in phoenix, and I was surprised at how clearly McAdams Dental stood out amongst all of the other dentists in Phoenix.
I scheduled a visit and was happy to find that the whole dental staff was friendly and made the visit fun.
From Terry and Marilyn who registered me and made my appointment, to Jaime who cleaned my teeth perfectly to Candice and Don who took care of my teeth afterwards, the entire team was great.
I highly recommends this dental office to anyone in the market for an excellent dentist, a pain free dentist, a friendly and reasonably priced dentist or just the best dentist in Phoenix.

So, I had found this practice through their reviews on Yelp, and let me tell you that they live up to what is said about them.
I have a very busy schedule and didn't realize how far they were from me (only about a 35 min drive) but their service really makes it worth it.
Very professional and great team.
Sara had cleaned my teeth and was so sweet and helpful!
I was having a bad day the morning of my appointment, and they still let me in even though I was 30 mins late.
Ha.
Great place and quality work.

i would give 10 stars if possible.
I have always been the biggest chicken when it comes to dentists.
I have had such bad experiences.
Thanks to the reviews on yelp I found Dr. McAdams.
All I can say is WOW!
This was the best experience from the appointment process to the actual visit itself.
The staff is so cordial.
The place itself is ultra modern.
As it turned out I needed a tooth pulled.
I FELT ABSOLUTELY NO PAIN!
The demeanor of Dr. McAdams was so soothing.
Candice his assistant was a doll.
I always had to be put out for such a visit, but when I tell you that I walked out in disbelief that the local novacaine did the trick was a dream!
I would HIGHLY recommend this practice.
Again, let me say even 10 stars isn't enough.
Thank you so much Dr. McAdams.

Best dental experience I've ever had!
My dentist had passed away suddenly, which left me with no one to call.
I had an emergency and needed a dentist quick.
Every friend I called who had a dentist seemed to have mixed feelings about their dentists...so I decided to check the reviews on YELP and several other sites.
Dr. McAdams has more positive reviews than I have ever come across on any doctor or dentist!
And from my experience at his office, he and his staff deserve every single one...and more.
The ladies at the front desk listened to my problem, and treated me as if I were an established patient and old friend...and squeezed me into the schedule on the next day, Dr. McAdams is one of the most friendly, efficient and gentle dentists I have ever been to...and one of the most HONEST!
I had a gum area that was hurting, and I was sure I had something major going on.
Dr. McAdams took an x-ray, and after checking the area thoroughly and evaluating the results, told me that there was just irritation from something under the gum...and not a cracked or abscessed tooth as I had expected.
And he even numbed it up for me as he examined it, when he noticed that I was uncomfortable...and didn't make me feel like I was being a baby about it either!
As a hard working single mom, with a less than great dental plan, I was so relieved I nearly cried.
Not only is he a great dentist, but he has ethics and a heart.
He even gave me some estimates on an implant and whitening that I have been wanting...and his prices were wonderful and reasonable.
I would and have been recommending him to everyone I know.
I hope he never retires (LOL) so that I can keep him as our family dentist forever!
Love this dentist and his staff!
BEST dentist appointment EVER!

I found a new dentist!
Dr. McAdams and staff are amazing!
My new patient visit was so pleasant, I decided to come back a week later for a filling replacement.
The procedure was virtually pain-free for me.
You know how sometimes you get that buzzed lip and sore gum after the pain killing shot?
Well, not with Dr. McAdams.
Sometimes I'm a big baby and need two shots before drilling but I didn't feel a thing throughout the whole filling replacement.
Dr. McAdams has fantastic dental skills and explains what's happening in simple terms.
He's funny and very personable.
The entire staff is friendly with excellent customer service from reception to billing and the dental assistants.
McAdams Dental is a fantastic place to get the best care for your teeth.
I really like the ultra modern xray machine that doesn't require those hard cardboard bite wing things.
My cleaning was done using an ultrasonic tool instead of the old fashioned scraping and chiseling method at other dentists.
Great job McAdams Dental!

Both my wife and son go here.
All of the staff is friendly, courteous and very welcoming.
We are thankful to have found such a great dental practice!

McAdams Dental is the best in the Phoenix area!!
All the staff is wonderful and caring.
Dr. Don is excellent at what he does and I always leave with a smile (even if I am still numb).
Everyone is genuinely caring and I love the family atmosphere.
I don't recommend health service professionals often, but I tell EVERYONE about McAdams Dental (even if they are not looking for a dentist- I just like bragging about MY dentist!).
I travel 30 minutes every appointment because they are that wonderful!!
Also, they keep up with the latest technology in dental equipment.
There is always a new gadget added to the collection when I visit.
As long as they are around, I won't go anywhere else!

I absolutely love the staff at McAdams Dental and Dr. Don is the best dentist I have ever met!
I believe the dental office should be a warm and happy place, not cold and uncomfortable.
If you dread going to the dentist, then you need to try out this office.
They will change your entire perspective.
You couldn't ask for a better group of people to work on you and keep your mouth healthy.

Its hard to believe that these guys could possibly live up to the hype, but I am completely satisfied after my recent experience in their office.
I had my teeth cleaned by Jaime who was gentle and highly talented at her craft.
I also had an examination with Dr. McAdams confirming for me that I do not need an extensive amount of dental treatment.
The office is warm and friendly, and I am confident that they would only recommend treatment that I really needed.
As a bonus, they were listening to some really great music during my appointment and everyone there seems to really enjoy their job.
This is my new dental home!

5 Star dentist!
Very pleased with my visit and I just had a root canal!
What a nice group of professionals!
I felt extremely comfortable and well informed for my entire visit!

Definitely a FIVE STAR Dentist!
The staff is top notch!
I have never been to a dental office that has great, caring people who truly love their job and helping you out like they do.
Sara did an amazing job of explaining everything that she was doing and the importance of it, same with Don McAdams.
I will definitely be recommending this office to all of my friends and family!

McAdams Dental super-ceded the hype of the reviews of the fellow Yelpers.
After recently relocating to Phoenix and not knowing anyone or anything about the city, you tend to start relying on Yelp to get in the know of where to go.
I never thought i would need to resort to Yelp for Dentist since most people choose from their insurance network book, but finding a Great dentist is like trying to find an honest mechanic.
McAdams Dental is a friendly establishment with comfort and care as top priority.
Everything is up front regarding cost and treatment so you aren't surprised with a bill at the end.
Honestly with care like this I don't really care what they charge.
They are efficient and quick despite being short a dental assistant for the day.
And by quick they weren't short changing you on care, they were punctual with the appointment time and very little wait.
Which is a rarity in the medical field.
I would highly recommend this Dentist and his staff to everyone looking for a dentist.

Very comfortable with the entire team, they did a great job and they explained what they were doing and why very well.
I had a very positive experience, Dr. McAdams knows his stuff and his team is very skilled.

I cannot say enough good about McAdams Dental.
I live in Michigan and have a great dentist but live in AZ half the year and was looking for a dentist.
I was referred to McAdams Dental thru a friend.
It was a good thing.
Just came in for a cleaning and decided I would do a couple crowns.
They make you feel very welcome.
All of them.
Would highly recommend McAdams Dental.
You won't be sorry you went there

I'm pregnant, in my first trimester.
On a Saturday afternoon I suddenly had severe tooth pain.
I was limited on eating and I have way too many allergies to count, plus  dental work during pregnancy is not encouraged.
I was so concerned and miserable.
On Monday I called McAdams Dental after reading all the reviews, to see if they could get me in same day.
They did!
Not only that, they got all my contact information for my obgyn was and scanned the instructions from my obgyn on what procedures were okay and not okay.
Other dentists had told me this particular tooth had to be pulled as well as some others, so quite frankly I had not seen a dentist in a while because of this.
He saved my tooth!!
He was able to determine it was just cavity under my crown and not anything more serious.
Not only that, he determined my other teeth also didn't need to be pulled!
He did the work the same day, even sacrificing part of his lunch hour (not that he mentioned to me, I saw his schedule and noticed the time).
His wife who is a dental assistant there gave me two lead vests because I was concerned, and they use digital x-rays which cut the radiation by 93%.
She got me a protein drink because I had not eaten much in the prior couple of days because of my tooth.
They were so careful about my all my allergies and letting me know what they were using and that it was safer for baby and me.
They honestly care.
These people are amazing, well priced, caring and attentive.
I found a new dentist for me and my family, and I highly recommend them for everyone!

Thank you Dr. McAdams and Team!!
Amazing staff, amazing experience and super helpful.
Had a dental emergency and it was handled professionally and quickly.
This is how it is supposed to be when you meet with a medical professional and staff.
As weird as it sounds, looking forward to the next dental visit.

They are very friendly and welcoming!
For a nervous patient they made me feel comfortable, definitely happy I chose them as my dentist!

5 stars given for bedside manner, efficiency, desire to work with me as a patient and explain insurance coverage and costs, and personal attentiveness, even outside of the office!
Dentists can be a tricky bunch.
I have a low pain tolerance which has caused annoyances with previous dentists, and have had the unfortunate circumstance of getting a $10,000 estimate on unnecessary dental work!
Needless to say, I was in the market for a new dentist, and wasn't exactly thrilled with my previous experiences.
After reading the fantastic reviews on yelp, I decided to give Dr McAdams a try.
All paperwork was emailed and printed beforehand, so I could have everything ready upon arrival.
Awesome!
Upon walking in, I was greeted by his lovely wife who took me back for my initial exam and X-Rays.
She was one of the sweetest people I've ever interacted with in a professional setting!
She was more than happy to indulge my happiness and excitement over the cool X-Ray machine and she even sent me the copies so I could show them to my daughter while we were studying the skeletal system!
She was also very understanding when it came to my fears of pain tolerance issues.
When McAdams came to see me, we immediately hit it off.
We're both science geeks, so it was a huge pleasure to speak with him about anatomy, biology, and dentistry!
He conveyed everything he was doing on a scientific level, and when there were things that I didn't understand, he explained them thoroughly, in a language where I could get it.
It was like getting a biology lesson while getting my dental work done!
Now for the important part: We came up with a comprehensive treatment plan, where he showed me his procedure costs, what the insurance will cover, and what I will be left responsible for.
We broke our treatment plan down over the course of two years, so we can make sure to get the most out of my insurance coverage.
He printed everything out, and made notes so I could understand it all long after my visit was over and it was time to reschedule appointments with him.
This treatment plan only consisted of things that were actually necessary, and I was already aware of much of it.
There was nothing in here that didn't really need to be done, which immediately gave me confidence in how much I could trust the costs and procedure recommendations.
When I came back to get some fillings, his bed side manner was AWESOME.
Very gentle, accommodating, and wanting to make sure that I wasn't experiencing any pain.
What a difference between Don McAdams and my previous dentist!
There was no annoyance at all, only care and consideration.
The fillings took less than an hour, and I was out the door!
I had to call the office a month later with a question, and as soon as I said my name, they remembered who I was!
With the professionalism, care, and family environment of this office, I am thrilled to call McAdams my permanent family dentist!

McAdams Dental is hands down the best dental experience I've ever had.
I came in for a regular check-up and cleaning for the first time and I am totally impressed!
My husband has been going there for a couple of years and has also consistently had wonderful experiences.
They sent my paperwork ahead of time to my email address, so I brought in my filled out copies, which saves quite a bit of time.
I was there for no more than 5 minutes before I was sitting in Sara's chair.
She is the BEST!
Super friendly, remembered personal details my husband had told her (like that we had gotten back from a big trip and where I work).
There is a HUGE emphasis on patient education in their office and she did a great job of explaining some ways to change some of my habits to keep my teeth and gums even healthier!
It was in a very encouraging a positive way and in no way was embarrassing or aggressive-feeling, like you can experience in other offices.
She took a detailed history and performed an oral cancer screening as well.
Even with the thorough history, the cleaning etc all took about 45 minutes.
All their instruments are state-of-the-art, brand new.
They even use an ultrasonic device to break up plaque and tartar, super cool and way less invasive/painful as the normal instruments.
After the cleaning was done, I had x-rays taken and then went to see Dr. McAdams.
He checked very thoroughly over Sara's work and then through my medical record.
He also looked through the x-rays and explained to me exactly what he saw and what he would be looking for.
It was very professional and empowering as a patient.
He spoke as an equal and was very compassionate.
It is clear that patient knowledge is very important to their office!
Who knew you could get your patients excited about their teeth?!
I would recommend this office to anyone!

McAdams Dental is the best!
They are so friendly and thorough.
They absolutely understand customer service and are excellent at providing it!
It was my first visit today and I had the best cleaning I've ever had.
I can't say enough great things about this awesome dental team!

Mcadams Dental certainly lives up to the hype!
The office was clean, the staff was friendly, and Dr. McAdams was extremely nice.
He made me feel comfortable and at ease.
Which was no simple task, knowing I needed to have a tooth extracted due to a very painful infection.
He made sure that felt little to no pain.
He explained every step of what he was doing.
And before I knew it.
The tooth was out.
It was affordable for someone with no dental insurance.
They were very accommodating in that regard.
If you're looking for the best dental experience in the valley.
Definitely choose McAdams Dental!

If you are looking for a friendly and family oriented dental practice, this is the place for you!
Jaime is the best dental hygienist I have ever been to, so thorough and gentile at the same time.
These guys really focus on the details...from coordinating with your insurance company before you come in, to working you into their schedule for your needs, to high technology that makes the appointment faster and easier on the patient, they take great care of their patients.
Such a difference from my previous dentist, I'm happy to say these guys are my new favorite dentist!
Definitely the best dental practice in Phoenix!

