Very impressed.
Company is paying for the room but of all the hotels I have stayed in over the summer this one is the best.
King size bed, couch, flat screen tv and TWO refrigerators!
I wish there were more people here to enjoy this with.

This is my new favorite hotel in Madison - the bed was so comfy.
Normally it's hard to sleep in a new place the first night, but not here.
I was scheming on how I could take that cozy bed home with me without the staff noticing!
Also the shower was awesome - always had hot water and great water pressure.
It was also the quietest hotel I've ever stayed in.
We stayed two nights and never heard anyone else while in our room, but if the parking lot and the crowd at breakfast are any indicators, it was a full hotel.
Loved the coffee setup just as you enter the lobby!
When we checked in, there was no one at the front desk and it took quite a while to get someone to come out.
Also the breakfast crowd is a tough one.
God help you if you get between "them" and their food.
It's a lot of animal proteins and processed food which is unfortunately the standard for free hotel breakfasts.
There was some fruit there that was chopped but not very fresh.
Would love to see some healthier options like homemade oatmeal, granola and just more fresh fruit.
Even with the small complaints, it was totally a five-star stay.
We'll be back, I'm sure.

1st, the basics.
Rooms are clean, the bed is comfy, furnishings in the room are pretty basic.
There is an indoor pool, small but available.
There is small work out room as well, which I did not really use.
They offer free breakfast, very tempting and unfortunately mostly unhealthy (e.g., grits, scrambled eggs, sausage) but assorted fruits are available.
Unless you book on Expedia or some other pre paid travel web site, I believe the rooms run higher than when I booked (off season, November).
Look for deals on Expedia, to save on room rate, which I did.
2nd, for common areas, some of the common area hallway carpet showed their age, wear, tear, and dirt.
Hint: There are a lot of construction contractors that stay here, due to periodic deals and low room rates, i.e., tracking of construction dirt on hotel carpet is common.
I would hope the hotel would do a diligent job of cleaning the hallway carpet.
Last thing, the common area lobby (with leather chairs and couch) and breakfast dining area are very spaceous and are both great amenities during the breakfast rush.
Bottom line, a lot of bang for the buck, great location, great service as well.

This was almost a five star until I encountered the male working the graveyard shift reception in the early hours of July 21.
Now if you are American born with a lovely American accent you can probably skip this review and go with the high recommendations of others.
If you are a foreigner, you may wish to read on...
Overall we were highly impressed with the quality for price ratio at this hotel.
The breakfast is good by hotel standards but below anything you'd find at a local diner - the free factor adds some taste to it though.
The free wine, beer, cookies and coffee were all appreciated.
The free nibbles with drinks are not so great but I'm not complaining as again they are all free.
We stayed two nights and I was continuously mentioning to my husband that I would stay here again until we got home from downtown this morning.
(Completely sober as I don't drink).
We walked up to the desk and I smiled and asked the young male at reception "Excuse me, do we need a code to connect to the internet?
"  The reception clerk looked at me with absolute disgust and said "What?
"  I turned to my husband and asked him to ask for me.
I felt embarrased by the way the Clerk was staring at me.
He asked the same thing and the guy continued to stare at me and answed "yes" rather sarcasticly.
I said to him, "Well... Could we please have the code" and he handed me a card with the code on it and turned his back on us.
Now granted, I am from downunder but being married to an American I know to speak slowly and clearly when we are here visiting.
Yes, I have an accent but I am still speaking English and as a paying customer I deserve the same respect as anyone else.
This may sound like nothing but it really made me feel like dirt.
Maybe you had to be there  but my husband agreed that the Clerk had some sort of major issue.
A simple "excuse me" or "could you please repeat that" would have sufficed.
In general I have been amazed at the high level of acceptance and hospitality I have received during my holiday in the mid-west but the arrogant attitude I was welcomed with this morning has changed my mind about returning to the AmericInn.
I would have accepted this at a small town store but this is a hotel where people with all levels of language and accents should be welcomed.
Maybe the AmericInn is best suited to AmericAns...
It's too bad, other than the attitude of one, I loved this place.

I'm on a business trip to Middleton for two weeks.
This is fantastic for the price.
I'm very happy with it's value.
Comparable to Hilton's (initial) H.I.
Great breakfast spread with hot stuff.
Free beer and appetizers in the afternoons.
The first week, I stayed at (initial) E.S.A.
"DeLuxe" on Old Sauk Rd Exit.
It was a total dump compared to this for more money.

This is our "go to" hotel when in Madison.
Love the location and the hot breakfast buffet is out of this world!
Eggs (real) corn beef hash, fried potatoes, bacon and sausage just a few items on the buffet.
There is also a managers "welcome" with free beer and wine.
They also supply appetizers.
Staff is wonderful and knowledgable about the area.
A must stay, if your in the area.

Very good hotel with great costumer service personnel.
Marc was very helpful in answering all our questions and providing us places to go.
We've never been to Madison and he suggested us restaurants, bars & lounges.
They also offer full breakfast daily with waffles, eggs, yogurt, pastries etc.
Good place to stay in the area.

The room was clean.
The service was excellent.
The front desk staff was most helpful.
There are plenty of great restaurants nearby to suit budgets and palates of all types.
I would stay here again.

Best hotel in the area.
Common areas are very comfortable.
Best complimentary breakfast I've had in comparable hotels.
Coffee tasted like coffee, not the warning pot.
Very pleased with my stay.

Went to Madison for two days to watch the Madison Scouts home show.
The hotel staff was amazing and helpful, especially in accommodating our daughters check in when she had to be gone with us all day.
She came up from the Naval station in Chicago Saturday morning and couldn't return to the hotel at check in time due to being at the show events with us all day.
We took her tot he hotel around 11 a.m  and she gave them her info and they had a room and keys waiting when we returned after midnight.
Rooms were clean and good size.
There was a good assortment of items for breakfast, although the weekend seems to be quite crowded int he breakfast room.The staff was constantly running food out and keep things restocked which was nice to see.
There was a great coffee station in the lobby!
Several large coffee carafes and tons of flavoring syrups and creamers as well as the standard cream and sugar.
Thursday on arrival there was a big plate of really good cookies at the desk!
Saturday upon returning after midnight there was a big group at the indoor pool and they were quite loud, and when in our room we could hear lot's of noise outside (possibly from the pool area) but it didn't keep me from sleeping.
Considering my last trip to the area I stayed at a hotel that had a big loud nightclub behind it I was quite pleased with this hotel!
On Sunday morning a woman in the elevator commented about roller derby and apparently we weren't from around the area since we stayed at that hotel on a Saturday night.
I am assuming that means the local roller derby team frequents the hotel to party?
Not sure but no biggie to me.I was very pleased overall and will definitely return next trip.
Oh and the price was exceptional for the amenities.
Thank you AmericInn Madison for helping me have a great birthday weekend!

We booked this hotel on a whim, about an hour before we arrived there.
It was extremely reasonable, especially on a Friday night of a holiday weekend.
The hotel and our room in particular were both very clean.
Plenty of hot water and water pressure in the shower too.
We booed a king bed through Expedia but when we arrived the gal at the front desk told us the only room available was 2 double beds and she couldn't give us a discount because we paid through Expedia.
I'm not sure if this was true or not but we took the room regardless and slept "Dick Van Dyke Show" style since we are used to our King bed at home and the doubles were just cramped.
The breakfast was awesome.
Great variety, hot and cold, all seemed fresh.
Plus they had a coffee station with different flavored syrups and creams and a wide variety of teas.
Best complimentary breakfast I've had at comparable hotels.

Great rooms at a great price.
I've stayed here a few times over the last year and have enjoyed every stay.
The lobby has a very welcoming feel to it.
My friends and I have felt comfortable spending time chatting and hanging out there at all times.
The breakfast offerings while not stellar are still good and with a TON of variety.
Bonus points that this hotel is also within walking distance of a great game store.

This place rules!
Free happy hour, real silverware and dishes in the awesome breakfast buffet, friendly people.
And pet friendly too!
Comfy bed, very clean and updated rooms.
Not a lot of noise.
Totally great hotel.

I would give a 4.5 if it let me.
When I pulled up I was skeptical about how great this hotel could be.
At the reception stand there are cookies greeting you.
The staff is so friendly and helpful.
The room is huge.
Of course the bed was great but I didn't know what to expect from everything else.
The tv is brand new LG, very large too.
There also includes in the room a microwave and mini fridge, which is always a bonus at hotels, and a very comfy leather couch.
The bathroom was clean and well stocked with several towels which is nice because I hate when they never give you enough.
Also all of the complimentary stuff - the breakfast is from 6-10am which pretty mug give everyone an opportunity to eat, the pool is open until midnight (for adults), and there is a managers reception which I was told was free wine and beers and appetizers.
Since I'm still underage I can't go to that, but how amazing does that sound!
The only complaint that if have is that I could hear some of the pipes at night, but if your traveling it really doesn't matter because you knock out anyways.

Best value!
We loved the happy hour specials, the breakfast and the room!
The front desk clerk accommodated us by giving us adjoining rooms, too!
We will definitely stay here again!
Wow!

I'd never heard of this chain and was a bit skeptical when I booked; but the price was right and it seemed to be a notch above your average Super 8 or whatever.
Here's what we got for under a hundred bucks a night including taxes and fees:  - A king bed and sofa bed (we didn't need the "bed" part of the sofa bed but it was nice to have a comfy place to sit besides a bed or desk chair without having to get a full suite);  - A flawlessly clean room with modern furnishings, appliances, and fixtures in excellent condition;  - Impeccably clean and well-maintained common areas  - Free, full hot breakfast buffet, not just cereal and bagels (though you can get those too if you want);  - Free  wine, tap beer, and appetizers in the evening;  - Free 24/7 coffee station with flavored syrups and creamers;  - Free, reliable, and reasonably fast wi-fi (about 5 to 7 mbps)  - Friendly and mostly competent staff;  - Hot tub and small but usable swimming pool, including "adults only" hours in the late evening.
The amenities-per-dollar value at this place is pretty unbeatable.
The only complaint was that nobody could figure out how to turn the retail demo mode off on our TV, but I eventually figured it out on my own.
Oh yeah, and the pillows sucked.
Hmm, what else to complain about.... that's really it.
Unless I really need to be closer to downtown for some reason, this or the AmericInn Madison South location will be my go-to place when staying in town.

