Opening day and it lived up to the Oreganos we know and love.
Great food, great service.

Brand New location on the perimeter of the Paradise Valley Mall, I saw the notice on Facebook today and had to order a pizza today.
This is my first time having Oregano's and it was pretty tasty nice pan crust fresh toppings and a good sauce.
When my husband went in to pick up the pizza he was told by the manager that it was overcooked the crust was too dark and that it would be free and they hoped we would return to visit again.
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.
I greatly enjoyed my pizza and can't wait to have another one very soon.
I also need to eat in to have the full experience and then maybe I can't change my review to 5 stars.

Great food.
Great Drinks.
Fun, friendly service.
Need I say more?

great patio at this location i must say.
Coming in with a large party made things quite hectic but once we got seated we were getting service right away.
Food was excellent and service was mediocre.
Food came out at different times and one sandwhich had something in it that was blue and spongy.
I didnt have any problems with my food but the manager comp'd the other plate for the person who had an issue with it.
Overall food was good but there was a lot of employees running around not knowing whats going on.
You could tell the place had just opened and the employees werent in the groove of things yet.

I stopped by EARLY 5:30 Friday to see if they were open yet.
They were with an hour wait already which was fine I had planned to get take out anyways.
I was told it would be 30 minutes for take out ( no where to sit waiting for it ) I ordered a glass of Pinot Noir to kill the time.
Crunched standing in a corner hovering over some poor people trying to eat.
After 15 min of waiting the take out gal approached me with a glass of WHITE wine...
I explained I ordered Pinot Noir this wasn't even Pinot Grigio?
She apologized and took it back.
10 more min I get the manager who tells me my Pinot Noir is $2.00 more so they will add that to my credit card?!
I had to wait another 10 minutes before I got my glass of wine by then my food was ready.
I can get  that they are new and  they haven't got some of the wines straight.
What I don't get is making me wait and still charging me an extra $2.00, its the principle of charging me.
If the food wasn't so good I wouldn't bother going back.
When I do it will be called in take out only.
Customer service is what sets apart places these days.
I wonder once they sold their company out if  their customer service didn't go with.
The Pablo Picasso chicken salad and Pazzokie are amazing I have to give them that credit!

Always fantastic!
Get the cheese bread to start your meal and be sure to save room for the pizza cookie - Yum!

I am glad someone already posted a review about the wait.
I ate at Oregano's once and loved the food but I can't stand the wait.
Good to know so I'll not stop by and get myself upset.

Awesome place!
so glad they opened one near my house.
We are finally complete  :)

I don't know what all the hype is about?
The salads are decent and a good value.
The thin crust pizza is good, but have had better.
The place gets crazy busy around 5 pm on a weekday leaving only outdoor seating available without wait.
The plus is they have plenty of misters to keep the heat in check.
Try it out for yourself and hope you enjoy it more than I did.

The food is an absolute 5 by far my favorite italian food in the valley but everything else is a freaking 1.
I mean for F's sake can they make these places bigger than college dorm room so the wait is somewhat shorter then the next coming of Jesus Christ himself.
And speaking of the wait, can the 18 year old hoochies that work that ever brain taxing job of taking names and delivering menus actually estimate what the real wait time is.
I have been told 30 mins to wait 75, other times I called and told 30 mins only to walk up 2 mins later and be told 60 mins.
From now on I'll only get this as take out b/c dealing with everything else about this place ruins the experience which is pretty much eating the most amazing italian dishes I've had.
Also note to the manager; it's summer in Arizona.
Keep the misters on the the patio on at all times!!!!.
I don't care if a family of buffalo sized snooty Scottsdale folk is complaing that their table is damp.
As you could tell by the overall applause by everyone on the patio when they were turned back on, the family that resembled their meatballs were in the minority when wanting the misters off .

Fried Raviolis were ice cold in the middle (pulled from frier too soon).
Replacement order had raviolis with no cheese in them at all because they bubbled out (too long in the deep frier).
They just can't get it right.
And at the end of it all, the entrees came before the fixed appetizer came, yet I was never offered a comp, dessert, etc.
for the major PITA.
Parking is insufficient here at the location itself, but if you rely on the huge mall parking then things aren't too bad.
It's just a miracle how this chain finds so many places with insufficient parking relative to the seating size inside.
Hit the Shea location if you want their tasty food without all of the problems that this place has.

From the other reviews I've read for this location, they seem to be having problems getting their act together, but both visits I've had here have been great experiences.
The service and perkiness almost borders on annoying.
Almost.
They have just he right amount of friendliness and sincerity to not cross over into the cloying territory.
Drinks were never empty, the check cycle was quick.
What more can you ask for from your waitstaff?
The Alfredo the Dark pasta (with chicken) never disappoints.
It is big enough to take half of it home and have a great meal the next day as well.
The salads are huge.
Even what they have as a "side" salad is meal sized dish of fresh Romaine, Parmesan, and tangy Caesar dressing.

Not very impressed with this pizza joint.
the hostess will not place you on the waiting list unless ALL of your party is with you.
so don't bother getting there early to get a table for your peeps unless you enjoy waiting that much longer.
pizza was o.k.
at best.
they are also a little to proud of the pizza.
the wings did hit the spot though

Really strange parking situation and super inappropriate conversations among the waiters.

I've never been a fan or Oregano's in the past - only eaten there a couple times in the last 10 years.
However, I was willing to try it again since it opened up near our hood.
They have changed the menu since the last time I was there.
For the better, that is.
We ended up stopping by the first week they were open and wow was it absolutely NUTS!
I ordered a deep dish (being from Chicago and seeing it's a hard time to find good deep dish in Arizona, had to try).
It was undercooked but edible.
Sometimes you can't judge on first impressions, especially since the restaurant just opened, so I went back the next week with a friend.
I order the deep dish again and it was awesome!
The crust was cooked to perfection with the perfect amount of seasoning.
We have been back numerous times since the first week.
The staff is very friendly and most are down-to-earth.
We have met bartenders Robin and Brooke - both incredible bartenders with incredible customer service and a senses of humor.
We have also met a couple servers, Shawn and Jill.
They were attentive, quick, polite, funny and made our experience worth coming back and asking to sit in their section.
We end up sitting at the bar most of the time though since there always seems to be seats there without a wait.
We have ordered takeout quite a bit (slice & salad).
It's a 50/50 chance whether they get the salad right for takeout though.
We've never had any problems with the food when we go in for lunch or dinner - only takeout.
The reason for 4 rather than 5 stars: 1.
The 50/50 chance of food being wrong or not cooked properly.
The staff is GREAT!!
(other than that one time we sat for 17 minutes while the bartender hit on a girl on the other side of the bar.
Brooke came to our rescue) 3.
The front house receptionists don't always seem to work together and there's sometimes confusion about tables, etc and they are obnoxiously friendly, at times.
:-)  Overall, they are a great neighborhood pizzeria and worth checking out.
Wish they delivered...

Dined at Oregano's last night and had the most horrendous service in my life.
When inquiring about the wait for our pizza the female bartender barked at us and said that sausage takes 30 minutes.
She continueed to be rude and argumentive to us and after requesting the manager (young lady) the bartender continued her rudeness.
The manager went to check on our pizza and said "it's only been 26 minutes".
Well young lady, is that 26 minutes after the inept bartender put our order in the POS or was it 26 minutes after we ordered it.
Ever think about that?
Then the bartender's regulars had to pipe up and defend her rudeness.
My money will spend the same at any of the numerous choices aroung PV Mall, but won't be doled out at this place anymore.
For a place that wants to be "your neighborhood joint", their hospitality is lacking.

I've been to several of the Oregano's around the valley - Old Town Scottsdale, Indian School and now this one on Cactus at PV mall.
I have to say I am glad Oregano's moved in here, as it was starting to look ghetto along Cactus road there.
The food is actually pretty good, I've had the sandwiches, big, stuffed with meat and veggies and delish.
The thin-crust pizza is very good, with a flavorful thin crust, a robust sauce, plenty of cheese - this last time I had it with pepperoni, and I had difficulty tasting the pepperoni.
I could see it, yes, there were several red circles under the cheese, but it is so thin that you can just imagine what pepperoni flavor would be and the visual cue kinda helps.
I also had the Big Beefstro salad - the small size, which is way plenty for one hungry guy at lunch - I'd be fearful of the full-sized salad, it would prolly eat me instead.
I had the salad with BC dressing instead of the default sweet-chile dressing.
I'm not a big fan of sweet dressings, but I am pleased to say that the switch was no problem and Blue Cheese complimented this salad nicely.
We also tried the guaca-tony and I'll have to say, this one hit it out of the park.
Fresh avocado, piled on crispy, flavorful thin-crust pizza....yum.
My cohorts also had the Chicago-style stuffed pizza - a warning on this - they say it takes 45 minutes, but I think that's in a perfect world.
We waited at least 60, but this pizza is definitely worth the wait.
It's about an inch and a half thick and filled with savory ingredients and melty cheese.
For a beverage, I generally have Iced Tea, and this is my barometer of a kitchen that cares, in this case the tea was fresh and delicious, and the glass never got empty.
BIG kudos for that.
Service was not really in line with my expectations.
It wasn't bad, the waiter kept us informed on the wait for the stuffed pizza, kept our drinks full and had a great attitude, however, when he took our order, he sat down at the table.
Sorry.
for me this is a huge no-no, I don't care how casual the atmosphere is, if I don't invite you to join my party, then I don't want you sitting at my table.
For this infraction, Oregano's lost a star in what was otherwise a decent meal with good service.

Should be named - Not From Scratch.
While I don't expect everything to be made from scratch I was so disappointed that neither my dinner or my friend's dinner had anything that was actually made at Oregano's.
My friend was upset that her salad had bruised and wilted lettuce.
When she mentioned this to the server the manager came over and offered to open another bag of salad for her.
She had the zitti  and it was clear that the bread bowl, the pasta, and the sauce were just packaged items that were combined at the restaurant.
I had the Italian sausage with waffle fries and again, can we say not from scratch.

Me and my boyfriend went here for dinner one night and had a wonderful experience!
The prices are reasonable definitely for the amount of food you receive.
Our server Stephanie was very friendly and gave awesome service.
The artichoke dip was delish, as well as my salad and boyfriend got a sandwich.
Also  have had the pizza before is really good!

Love the Bellini's!!
And the food is always consistently good.
Yes, you do have to wait if you go for dinner, but hey, if you have to wait, it's a great place to watch people....and you can always have a Bellini while you wait :-).
Parking is slim, but Sears is just across the way and that parking lot is always empty so park there.
I am sorry that they don't offer whole wheat pizza crust anymore - Pleeeaaassse bring this back.
We sat at the bar this visit, and the gal tending the area was very friendly and attentive.
Even our 'neighbors' on the stools next to us were friendly - Oregano's is just a fun place - you can't help smile at all the t-shirt slogans!
We're thrilled they opened up.
PV mall used to be so nice and it has really gone down.

Dined here tonight, definitely didn't disappoint!
The hostesses were very nice and witty, made the 1.5 hour wait sound bearable by offering drinks and appetizers.
Our server was outstanding keeping us updated with the food and checking on us frequently.
I have always loved the Oreganos sense of humor and atmosphere.
Pizza was a tad salty but overall the experience was great!

Love the food.
Service not so much.
An hour for thin crust pizza and a salad.
Really?
Update: Stephanie from Oregano's reached out to me.
She was generally concerned about my experience.
Thanks for following up.

Food and service are pretty good, but make sure you have plenty of time, as the place is always packed and there is a wait.
Apps are pretty good (love the calamari) and salads are awesome.
I am not a fan of the 45min wait for a deep-dish pizza, but the thin crust I had was pretty solid and I'm not a thin crust person.
All in all, the food is good, but this place is too much of a time commitment, so I probably won't go very often.
I've tried it 2x and been there over 1.5 hrs both times.

We went here because a friend chose it for her birthday.
We had a large group, 15 I think, and it was a Friday, and they don't take reservations, so it was a poor choice on that friends behalf.
We were quoted an hour and a half wait.
We waited, and waited, and waited.
We were seated about 2 and a half hours later.
While we were waiting a woman who I assume was a manager took our order so that we wouldn't have to wait for the food once seated.
We still waited, apparently she forgot to tell the waitress exactly what was going on and took off.
Appetizers came out with meals, stuff took forever.
And the food, not even worth it.
Our waitress was a gem though, completely got stuck with a screwed up situation that management and the hostesses should have handled better.
She did her best to make up for the crap start to the night.

Beefstro salad is where it's at!
Every time I have been to an Oregano's location, I have never been disapointed with having great service.
At times, the wait can be a little long but they are busy so I can understand why.

Absa-jokin-lutely awesome!
Spectacular service, fabulous food... Definitely a must do for pizza!
Loved the antipasti salad too!!!
Numero One-o deep dish -- worth the wait, and the chocolate Cookie Pizza with vanilla ice cream.
Awesome.
Loved it, and will go back, for sure.

Worst assistant manager ever.
Had a horrible experience(actually worst i've ever had)and complained.
He didn't try to make the situation better just got snippy with us.
Won't go into details because this place isn't worth the time to type it out.
I'll never go to this location again.
I don't blame Oregano's so i'll still go to Camelback or Scottsdale.....even though they are miles out of the way.
Edit: They fired the crap manager so it gained 2 stars Alfredo the dark with chicken, bread on the side and a pizza cookie.

Aiyaaah the dreaded 3 star review.
I hate writing the 3 star review because you already know exactly what I'm going to say.
3 stars says it all.
A-OK. Good, but not great, nothing special.
And that basically summarizes my feelings about Oregano's.
So I came here with a friend.
He claims it's one of his favorite Italian restaurants and Italian is pretty hard to mess up so why not?
Tagging along... We step into the restaurant.
Colors green and red everywhere!
Digging the atmosphere!
Digging the old school vintage vibes!
Jukeboxes and checkered floors and walls adorned with paintings and dim lights!
It's wonderful!
So an A+ for decor!
But then again, I am not an interior decorator.
So what do I know?
Moving on to the food!
I ordered a pasta called Alfredo the Dark.
It came with spiral pasta drenched in cream sauce, diced tomatoes and poblano chillies.
Underneath the pasta were 4 slices of bread, made infinitely more appetizing by the fact that it was sitting beneath the pasta and soaking up ALL the cream sauce.
Divine!
The chicken in the pasta was well seasoned and roasted.
The pasta itself, while a solid pasta, wasn't mind-blowing.
Delicious and safe.
Too safe.
The poblano chillies did not have much of an impact on the dish which was very disappointing.
In fact, the dish wasn't spicy in the least.
But other than that, you know.
Chicken pasta with cream sauce.
It was good!
You can't screw it up.
I just wish the poblano chillies had challenged me.
Good thing about this place is that the service was fantastic.
Also, the portion sizes are pretty decent too.
My ~$12 pasta became 2 whole meals for me so that's always nice!
Will I return here?
Yes absolutely.
I had a lovely meal with my friend and I'm sure we shall return in due time.
And I will come back with absolutely no qualms because this is a good restaurant.
It's not a great restaurant and it falls far short of my finest Italian dining experiences but it's a good restaurant and sometimes good is good enough  (and cheap enough).

I have been to Oregano's on several occasions when my son was a bit younger.
He loved making his own pizza, but I never really found anything all that spectacular about the food.
However, tonight we decided to give it a try because Dave wanted a deep dish.
We arrive a little after 9 and by the time we were seated and had a chance to look at the menu, it was 9:30.
We ordered a deep dish and a salad.
The server promptly told us that they took over an hour to make(They closed at 10) .
You would think that might be listed on the menu, but it wasn't.
He was nice about it and we decided to see if there was something else we wanted; however, I knew Dave really wanted the deep dish so I told him to get it, they said it was fine.
(We like to respect the closing times of businesses, if you close at 10, then you want your customers gone and to move on with your day, you don't want to be hanging around).
We decided it would be ok and we ordered the deep dish,.
This time the server informed us it was 80% cheese, and if we wanted more meat than cheese to go with the Pan Style over the Deep Dish, and by the way, the Pan style also takes an hour to make.
We decided we did want the pan and we ordered.
I also got the House Special salad.
The salad was good, the pizza was really good and while it might not come through in the text here, the service was really good.
We really like it when the servers tell us what is good and what is just ok, that is part of our dining experience.
We could tell this guy was being honest and really wanted us to enjoy our experience here.
This alone moved this review to 4 stars.
Now here is the bad: Almost every location is on a wait during dinner, almost every day of the week; if a pizza takes an hour to make...don't you think you should list that on the menu?
These guys have always impressed me with their witty marketing, so I was really mad I had to wait an hour for my pie!
Secondly, the waiter also told me people will typically call ahead and place their Pan or Deep Dish order and then come in about 30 minutes later and tell the hostess they placed their order and decided to eat it there, skipping the wait and the line.
Now your promoting Bad Consumer behavior and these same people get to cut in line because they called in?
How is that fair to the people that are sitting there for an hour or so waiting for a table?
I would only give these guys 2 stars for all the dishes I have had and didn't care for, I never found them all that flavorful or original; however, the Pan pizza was good and the service excellent for customers that closed the restaurant, so they get bumped this time around.
Unfortunately, I doubt we will go back anytime soon because it will take an hour for our pizza and we won't be one of those BAD customers that decides to call ahead and skip the wait.

I went here on the last day of my vacation to Phoenix.
along with my cousin and her boyfriend.
They suggested it, and said they had taken several family members there when they also had come to visit.
Parking is crowded, but upon arriving, I found the fun red, white, and green color bright and festive and espcially liked the patio.
Even though it was 100+degrees, dining on the patio is comfortable because of the powerful fans and misters they have surrounding it.
Oreganos seems to draw a younger crowd, at least at this location.
The menu is big, and the portions are huge, as other Yelpers have noted.
My husband and I ordered a thin crust Combination pizza, a medium.
My cousin ordered a salad, her boyfriend ordered a pasta dish with cream sauce.
As an appetizer we had cheesy garlic bread which was good.
Our pizza was way too much food for just the two of us, and had an abundance of toppings.
The crust was light and flaky, not soggy.
We were pleased with it and gave it to my cousin to finish for lunch the following day.
Not my favorite pizza, but a good one.
I still love Round Table back home in Cali.
I don't know if they have this chain in Phoenix?

We always feel as if were the first customer there dealing with....
Such genuine attention.. to there customers.
I am a REGULAR... and it's not just because of the food but the service, Thank's especially to the Robin Bar staff... Sh's awesome and always treating us as if were FAMILY.

Wooooow.
I was very impressed with this place.
Kinda surprised by the 3-stars.
It seems like most of the complaints are about the wait for the food.
If you go in expecting it, it's really not a problem.
Our server let us know at the beginning that the pizza would take about 45min to come out because it was being made from scratch--sounds fine to me!
I came here with my two sister-in-laws.
We had a round of Drunken Monkeys, which were VERY strong and tasty.
We started with a regular-sized dinner salad ($5.99) which was just the right size for the three of us.
Then an appetizer of garlic bread came out.
It didn't seem much longer until our Grandma G's pizza came out.
The pizza was HUGE, fresh and delicious!
The three of us ate until we were stuffed, and then two of us brought home separate boxes with the leftovers, which were enough for a lunch for the both of us!
At the beginning of the dinner, I had ordered a Hawaiian (canadian bacon and pineapple) Chicago-style deep-dish pizza to-go for my husband.
He LOVED it.
It lasted him 3 meals--the pizza was so heavy!
You could do your weight reps for the day with that pizza...
I am definitely a fan of Oreganos and will definitely be back!
Word of advice though, GO EARLY!!
We went at 5:15pm, and were seated promptly and the food came out in a reasonable time.
The place was very full, and I'm sure the later you go, the longer the wait is.

Oh sweet Oregano's!!!!
This is a place that my old co-workers and amigos gather to enjoy some Gibbilini Bellinis!!!!
As well as their amazing pizza!!
The patio is our favorite spot  for our retreats and we have also enjoyed the great treatment their staff has given us so far!!
Great spot!!!
Specifically this location!!
Yay!

We were talking about pizza one day at work and I mentioned that I had not yet been to Oregano's - my friend grabbed her keys and said "let's go".
I'm so glad we went that day because I'd really be missing out.
I've been back four times in the past six weeks.
I've had the thin crust pizza with a few different topping combinations (they have tons of choices) and they have all been delicious.
The crust is extremely thin and they cut it up into small squares.
The garlic bread with cheese and marinara is absolutely delicious.
We tried their pan pizza with sausage and it was awesome.
The only let down so far was the soup.
This place gets jammed so be prepared to wait.
The service has always been excellent and they'll give you a refill to go on your drink.
The heck of a slice is a great lunch deal and they'll cut it into squares for you too.
If you're calling for take out, the wait is usually around 45 minutes.

Last night my family placed an order to go.
Two pizzas and a salad.
The regular pizza was ordered with pepperoni, mushroom and onion was cooked to a crisp and burned in spots.
It was extremely dry and the cheese was over cooked.
No tomato sauce.
Similar to dry toast with burnt cheese.
The second pizza was a deep dish pizza.
It was like a large ball of cheese.
Usually we enjoy their pizza, but not last night.
The Pablo Picasso salad was very good.
Usually we enjoy their food.
They need to work on providing good food more consistently.

Not too exciting.
Decent food.
Just another chain restaurant.

Bistro classic pizza....Yum yum!
And the Belinnis are the best.

If you are ever in Phoenix you need to try this place.
Awesome pizza.
But be prepared to wait cause every one I have ever been to is always packed.
But the wait is worth it.

love.
love.
love this place!

it was crowded for sure and they could use more space, but i really liked the food.
also we got lucky and were sitting next to a pleasant couple  b/c u r sitting on top of the ppl next to u, so u better like em.
i had a giant delicious chocolate chip pizza thing for dessert and we had huge salads and pizzas-talk about portion sizes.
the pizzas have interesting and yummy toppings on them.
i would come back here.

Food was decent.
Our server, Christine, was nice and attentive, especially to our 4 yr old.
Our wings took a long time to come out and voluntarily, the manager came out and apologized and comp'd our wings.
Nice gesture instead of waiting for us to get mad before they did anything.

Three of us went for lunch the other day and one of the group received the wrong pizza.
The server promptly took it back but we waited for about 25 minutes and were finally told that the server accidentally canceled the order instead of resubmitting it, we weren't happy but agreed to wait for the replacement.
We finished our lunches while our poor friend waited but she eventually received the correct order.
What struck me about this experience was that the manager immediately came over, apologized, and told us lunch would be on them - for all of us.
I don't know about you but my experience is that it's the customer the usually has to alert the manager and even then, it's not guaranteed that you will be offered anything other than an excuse (this infuriates me btw).
A response like this is usually reserved for high end spots where you're paying for great service via the meal prices.
The food is consistently fresh and good, and I'm extremely pleased with how they handled this situation.

Growing up in Chicago, I think I can safely say I know Chicago style pizza.
It's in my blood.
I've been going to Oregano's for years since living in Phoenix and it never fails to impress me from location to location.
It's Chicago style all the way!
This past weekend we decided to dine at the Paradise Valley location and again we were very well taken care of.
From the greeting you receive when you walk in the door to the service and staff.
It's always pleasant.
What really is something that isn't new to the restaurant business but Oregano's does so well is during the meal, a manager stops by to make sure everything is going well.
A manager, who was actually quite funny, came out and not just to ask "How is everything".
No she genuinely made sure all was good made us feel like we are being taken care of.
In a busy restaurant like this to have that kind of attention is impressive.
One thing I have to say is a stand out for me and is so incredibly important is consistency.
It's the reason I've been going to Oregano's for years and will continue for years to come.
We had the Stuffed Numero One.
What I would normally call "Deep Dish" in Chicago.
I still get confused about how to order that, but I digress.
It's a larger pizza and when you order it they always tell you it will take 45 min's.
Our server was great about coming back and checking to make sure we were doing ok, filling drinks and making sure all was good.
The best part of the night?
Leftovers!
If you're looking for great pizza, excellent service and a nice evening out do yourself a favor and go to Oregano's!

One of my favorite places to eat pizza in the valley.
Every flavor of pizza rocks.
Live the decor.
Heat lamps outside.
Nice.

Can I just bring my family here everyday!
The food and service was awesome.
I can't think of a single thing I would change about this experience.
Please open some in Southern California!

Went to dinner the other night and the service was horrible.
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.
The waiter was talking to other staff like we didn't even exist and the manager there is clueless.
Would definitely not recommend and this is not the first time this has happened.

BEST SALAD I'VE EVER TASTED, I'm addicted and drive across town just to get their Shrimp Caesar Salad.
This is one of the best flavor combinations ever to grace my palate so I don't mind paying the money for it (something about that cilantro dressing, the slightly spicy shrimp and those crispy noodles).
This is all I ever order (frequently take out which is easy), but I love that my daughter can have their kid's pizza for an affordable price and she just adores getting the raw ball of dough to play with while waiting.
The decor is kinda kitchy but I don't notice too much because my nose is buried in the SALAD!
They always ask me if I want my iced tea packed up for the road, it's the little things....  Love it love it love it!

Oregano's has a major following - basically they give one a lot of good food for a moderate price.
Small wonder that families flock to the place.
We had a pizza - next time I'll stay with a salad.

Big Delicious portions!

Let me preface this with a statement: I usually LOVE Oregano's!
This particular Oregano's is terrible.
The wait seemed a bit long for a Thursday night,  but that could have been a sign that the food was going to be amazing... Not the case.
The service was pretty bad; we had our food picked out for about 20-25 minutes before the server came back to us to take our order.
We ordered the Cheesy Bread as an appetizer, Garlic Chicken Lasagna, and Pasta Basta with Meatballs.
We were not given the opportunity to order drinks after looking at the menu.
Our cheesy bread was fine- not great, too much cheese... but out on time.
When our entrees came out, they got it wrong- the Lasagna was the wrong type of lasagna entirely.
My boyfriend was starving so ate it, as the waitress was not going to come back.
Eventually, someone from the kitchen came out with the correct lasagna for my boyfriend.
The waitress apologized and asked if everything was okay and walked away before I could tell her that the Pasta Basta was terrible.
I ate a small amount as changing orders was not going to happen.
Crappy food, crappy service.

Been to several Oregano's.
Always a good experience.
This was our first time at this location and the first time disappointed.
The Chicago deep dish took a looooong time to come out and had a crust like leather (no exaggeration).
We sent it back and got a thin crust, the manager was very good about taking care of us as customers.
But the kitchen staff must have gotten irritated because I and another two in our party came down ill immediately afterward with indigestion to nausea.
We've all agreed we are too nervous to return to this location, but will go back to the Scottsdale and Shea restaurant which has given us great food and service on every occasion.

What a great place to eat and not to mention the wonderful customer service and hospitality that was shown by General Manager Tony and crew.
I love coming here and seeing all the smiling faces.
The food is always sooo excellent!
I want pizoookie tonight!!!

Stay away from this Oregano's location!
I've been eating Oregano's for 15 years; mostly at the Scottsdale & Shea location, but also in Tucson and Flagstaff.
I've been to this new Oregano's five times because it's a bit closer than the Scottsdale & Shea location.
I've had problems every time.
Burnt pizza, under-cooked pizza, long waits picking up pizza, miss matched toppings, impossible to cut, cardboard-like crust etc.
I ordered two pan pizzas and one thin crust tonight (3/1/13).
I came in at 6 pm to pick up the pizza.
They came out and told me the pizza was completely burnt.
Before asking whether or not I still wanted it or even showing me the pizza, they apologized and were already cooking new pizzas for us which were ready by 6:30.
After complaining that the thin pizza was no longer hot, the staff gave it to us for free.
When we began eating the pan pizza we discovered that the two thick pizzas were completely under-cooked.
Of course, the thin pizza was cold due to sitting for 30 min while waiting for the thick pizzas.
Because the pan pizza was hot at the time, a few of our guests tried eating the pizza to be polite.
Due to the under-cooked crust, it was doughy and disgusting.
One guest in particular is now having stomach issues after eating a slice of it.
We will NEVER visit this location again.
We will gladly drive the extra 20 minutes to the Shea location since we do still love Oregano's.
However, we will avoid the PV location like the plague!

I'm convinced that these ratings are low to discourage people from going, therefore reducing the outrageous wait times.
Other than that, there is no reason to give this place any fewer than 5 stars.
All of the food is excellent.
The wings are among the best I've ever had and each sauce is unique and tasty.
No time wasted with tiny winglets...it's all drumettes.
The sausage sandwich is good and spicy, with cornmeal crusted waffle-fries and a side of marinara.
The Vino Bambino salad is fresh and different with wine marinated chicken.
And I haven't even mentioned the pizza!
Thin crust or Chicago-style is available, but the thin crust is so good, we haven't even tried the Chicago.
Saved room?
The pizookie is sweet and gooey.
The service is always fast and friendly, plus their shirts are funny.
A great, casual atmosphere perfect for a delicious meal.
Always a must stop when I'm in Phoenix.

I'm not usually big on chains but this was really great pizza.
We had the thin crust Numero One-O and it was great.
The sausage and peperoni were really good and so were the veggies and more importantly it was the correct amount of topping.
We also had a cesar salad, it was huge!
The server warned us that a junior salad was more than enough to split and she was right.
Our server was very friendly and helpful.
Definitely will go back.

I don't understand why people wait for this lousy pizza.
Ordered half mushoom/pepperoni.
I swear the mushrooms were from a can and hardly any pepperoni.
I personally have eaten better pizza from a box.
It used to be better , but not anymore.
I have banned this restaurant.

I visited this location during the very first week it opened.....it is located on the perimeter of the Paradise Valley Mall.
When I went in to pick up the pizza I was told by the manager that it was overcooked the crust was too dark and that it would be free and they hoped I would return to visit again.
I really appreciated the great customer service and the pizza was pretty tasty..... nice pan crust .....fresh toppings and a good sauce.
Now I hear they are still having some issues with the food and service.....so I don't know what all of that is about.
However at some point I will dine-in and give them another shot to impress me....because the food is really good....if they can just get it right....LOL.
Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!

Typical "upscale" chain kinda place; retro decor (which was nice; besides old time posters and what-not they had a Fred Astaire movie and The Lone Ranger playing on the tube, as opposed to the normal sports vomit) and all the bar food you can eat with cutesy names.
I went here mostly because I wanted what I think of as Chicago style pizza, which is what they call "stuffed" here.
It was tasty, what I expected, and our waitress was accommodating and outgoing.
Not really sure why anyone would get the normal Chicago-style (thin crust) they have there; as my wife commented: "The shredded parmesan they spread over the pizza is thicker than the crust!
" but hey, isn't my problem if someone wants to pay $18 for a 3 oz.
piece of dough stretched to oblivion.
I DIGRESS.
In any case, an okayish place.
Just don't come here if you're looking to get seated fast, as it's always packed, or if you want some kind of authentic Italian pizza or small business experience.

Took at party of 11 tonight to celebrate 3 birthdays.
Arrived 5:15pm was told we had 45-60 min wait.
It was crazy busy!
We waited the full 60 min, but was told they were having trouble getting a big enough spot to seat us all together & it would Be 10-15 more minutes.
We were compensated for our time, so we gladly waited.
The manger took great care of us & our waitress was superb!
We placed orders for the Chicago style pan Numero-one pizza while we waited.
They were ready by the time we got seated.
Big dinner & caesar Salads, thin crust  Sproccoli pizza were fresh, delicious, & very flavorful!
Top off the evening with our favorite part of the meal... Pizza cookies, One of each please!
I must say, white chocolate macadamia nut & peanut butter are my favorite!
They will even do half/half for you too!
Each birthday gal/guy got a free pazookie!!
Yeah!
We have been here several times.
every time we come, we are very well taken care of by the wait staff, not to mention management pops by to check on us to make sure we are happy & satisfied.
Already looking forward to our next visit!

I love this place.
I've never waited more than 20 minutes max to be seated and the employees are great at servicing any needs.
The have a new pizza, the "Clark street pizza", must try.
It's amazing.
It have a bit of spice to it but perfect for the flavor.

We religiously dine at several Oregano locations throughout the valley and love it however if you like Oreganos skip this location at all costs.
Horrible service, unorganized and unprofessional staff, music twice as loud as other locations and wait times for your food three times longer than other locations.
A real bummer no excuse all the other locations are just as busy or busier.
We had to wait until our pizza was cold and almost gone before we could get a servers attention to grate some cheese on it.
Other locations offer it immediatly when the pie hits your table.
We waited 45 minutes for salads and a pizza and then had to tell them which ingredients were missing.
If I owned this location I would sure notice that all other locations get 4+ stars and this place is below average with some terrible reviews wake up ownership wake up management this location is tarnishing your fine reputation!

We are from out of town and our friends raved about the pizza here...we were quite disappointed.
For starters, we understand waiting a while to get seated on a busy night, bur several of the female waitresses seemed to have friends who they sat ahead of us an many other guests who had been waiting a long time.
Our order was taken quickly, but the food took forever to arrive!
And the food was just ok, nothing exciting.
Also, my wife ordered a water along with her margarita, and never got it until we flagged down our waitress to remind her.
The waitress didn't follow up with us after delivering the food.
We also finished off with the ice cream cookie and that was super mushy.

I love Oregano's!
The have awesome food and great service.
Try the midday rush specials for lunch they have a few super cheap options for the lunch rush!!!
If you're a drinker try the BELLINI!
Its an amazing frozen cocktail made with red wine, rum, champagne and schnapps!
It will knock your socks off in a good way!
I'm disappointed in the change of recipe for the toasted raviolis!
PLEASE change it back to the original recipe it was soooooooo much better.
I'm still a sucker for cheese so I will order them as an appetizer anyway but I still prefer the old recipe.
Try the Pablo Picasso Mexican Salad it is to die for!
SOOOO amazing with the crunchy tortilla strips and the freshly grilled chicken, it a must try!!!
But for all the salads I recommend the Jr. size because the normal size is HUGE and the Jr size is still enough for three people to share!
The Alfredo the dark and the deep dish pizzas are also great!!!
**** DON'T FORGET TO SAVE ROOM FOR THE PIZZA COOKIE!!!
stick with the traditional chocolate chip version, I love peanut butter and macadamia nuts but both don't even come close to the amazingness of the original!
Sure to be the best part of your visit!

The Original Pizza Cookie!?
There's no better way to celebrate your birthday than a delicious 1/2 pound of chocolate chip, peanut butter chocolate, or white chocolate macadamia nut cookie dough baked a topped with three scoops of vanilla ice cream!
Well, there is, but only with Oregano's as a part of your special day (especially as it is FREE on your birthday).
Funny thing...I went to Oregano's last night and didn't even get the Original Pizza Cookie.
That is because I was filled up on a salad and pizza, both shared with a friend.
My friend and I enjoyed a delicious Pablo Picasso Mexico Salad (with chicken in it) though apparently then can substitute pinto beans for chicken for vegetarians.
If there's just two of you, get the Jr. instead of the full salad as it is already HUGE as a Jr.    We also ordered a pan pizza with several toppings.
We were warned that it would take 45-60 minutes for the pizza to come out and were pleased to see it show up in a half hour.
Delicious but quite filling pizza!
Made for great leftovers though.
I have also enjoyed thin crust pizzas and several of the bottomless pastas in the past.
While sometimes the wait times can be longer than other times, the estimated wait times are usually pretty accurate.
Parking at the Paradise Valley location is a breeze!
Definitely a pizza place that visitors to Phoenix should go to regardless of which location, as it is only an Arizona chain.

My first experience at Oregano's.
Based on recommendations from friends, and reviews of other locations, I was disappointed.
Unlike most of the reviews, I had absolutely no wait because I called in the order to go.
The lady who answered the phone was very pleasant, but was puzzled as to why I didn't want marinara sauce with my calamari and garlic bread.
I'm not a fan of sauces.
I should have trusted my instinct and passed on the food that apparently had a "sauce requirement", but I was hungry and wanted calamari.
The menu said "calamari rings" but it was strips, with way too much breading.
I won't grade down on the sogginess, mainly because it was in a plastic container, steaming hot, for 15 minutes before I ate it.
Sogginess aside, the calamari was more breading than meat, and just laid there staring at me, wondering why I didn't smother it in the required marinara sauce.
The garlic bread was average.
The staff was pleasant, the portion sizes are good for the price, and there was reasonable parking, but since it was almost 8pm that should be a given.
I may try Oregano's again, but not anytime soon.

I've never had their pizza.
I've never had their salads.
I HAVE HAD THEIR MEATBALL SUB WHICH IS...BY FAR...
THE BEST MEATBALL SUB I HAVE EVER HAD THE PLEASURE OR PUTTING IN MY BIG MOUTH!!!
Holy crap...
I mean... HOLY CRAP.
Sorry for yelling but I wanna shout it from the rooftops.
Have you ever eaten something so good that you were mad that you hadn't ever eaten it before?
Its rare, but that is what happened to me the other day at Oregano's.
I've had hundreds of meatball subs in my 34 years on this earth.
Most were decent.
NONE compared to what I had the pleasure of eating the other day.
Its also huge.
My wife and I shared the calamari appetizer (it was ok) and split this monster sandwich at about 1:30 and neither of us were even hungry for dinner.
We added onions and peppers per the recommendation of the excellent bartender (who is truly awesome at his job... a real pleasure to watch work).
I also recommend getting a side a marinara, so you can drizzle a little on each bite.
Just do it.
Next time we go we will split the "small salad", which is HUGE and this sammy.
Maybe wings, which are also excellent here.
Here is my solemn oath..
I, Nick R., will never, EVER, step foot in an Oregano's again without ordering this heavenly creation, my new bestie, the meatball sub.
I'm glad the Chicago deep dish pizzas take 45 minutes to cook (heads up, you can call ahead if you want one), otherwise I would have never had the pleasure of making its acquaintance.
Thank you Oregano's... thank you from the bottom of my heart.

Best BBQ chicken pizza around.
The Bollo Pasta with Alfredo is great too.
Love eating here and always happy with the food and service.

Love this place!
Especially because it is so close to my house!
The service was alright when I went here, the waitress was nice and always was checking up on us to see if our food was good or if we needed anything else.
The service for getting the food out was a little on the slow side which sucked because I was starving the whole time I had to wait for the food to come out!
The misters are nice on the outside eating area especially in the heat of Arizona.
Parking lot is huge since it is in the complex as same as Paradise Valley Mall.

Even though I love Oregano's thin crust pizza, I have to give 3 stars.
First of all, my husband and I went there the other night and had to wait 15-20 minutes for a table that was empty when we arrived.
Then we ordered pasta.
My husband had the Pasta Basta and it was fabulous, exactly as it was described, but I ordered the Alfredo.
This was less than desirable, while the noodles were cooked well, they looked and tasted like they were just tossed in olive oil and served.
I expected some sauce, but there was nothing!!!
It is served with this really dry bread, that I assume you are supposed to dip in the "sauce".
To top it off, when we let the waitress know that there was no sauce, she got her manager who came out and insisted that this is the way it is served (it was boxed up but he didn't even look at it) and next time ask for extra sauce.
I shouldn't have to pay extra for something that should come with what I order.
I have to say the one nice thing they did was comp our dessert.

I called for a take out order on a Sunday at 6:20pm and was told my order would not be ready until 8pm.
An hour and 40 minutes to make a pizza and an order of wings?
That is absurd.
Definitely will not be considering this location on a weekend again.

Great food.

Good value and comfortable atmosphere.

Soggy crust one side burnt crust on the other.
Bad flavor.

I've been back twice since my original review and I wanted to say that this wasn't a fluke.
I've gotten (split with someone) the meatball sub each time and split a salad.
Each one is better, and seemingly bigger, than the next!
If you have dinner plans, I wouldn't eat lunch here!
Can't wait to try the pizza!

Really good place for some fun food.
Everything is in huge portions...semi-family style.
The pan pizzas take a while so keep that in mind, and the salads and sandwiches are amazing.
Love the Wedge and oreganos favorite salad.
Killer meatballs too!

Once again, outstanding service and the Guaca-Tony was AMAZING!!

I've been here a few times and enjoy it, however I do a few things differently than many of the other reviewers and that's probably why I have little to no complaints.
One, I usually go during the off hours.
It might get crowded while I'm there, but my family and I rarely have to wait to be seated.
Two, we basically order the same things over and over, which is why we only go there when we're craving something specific.
Oddly enough, it's not their pizza.
Oregano's has some great pastas, meatball subs, and chicken wings.
Their services ranges from lacking to pretty good.
I haven't had anyone yet that was horrible, the worst was just negligent and had to be flagged down for refills or extra napkins, but she wasn't rude or anything like that.
I enjoy it overall, but probably because I don't actually eat the pizza as the one time I did I found it decent, but not worth the price.
I do recommend it, but not for the reasons most people would probably go to it for.

Yum!
My husband and I love Oreganos and have been loyal customers for years.
I am always blown away by their exceptional employees and consistently quality food.
They have huge portions so be prepared for leftovers and their Pizza Cookie is enough to make anyone's day!
We always share Oreganos with our out of town family and friends while they're visiting.

You can't go wrong with a place that serves a half-baked cookie with a huge scoop of vanilla ice cream on top.
Just sayin.
But that's not all we got.
We came here for my mom's b-day and it was my husband and 1 year old son too.
They were very accommodating for my son who is in a high chair.
We had bruschetta, which is great if you like lots of garlic.
We also got the pesto ziti, which was kind of lacking in flavor.
Needed more basil or salt or something.
Also got the spinach salad which was huge and delicious and perfect.
The Italiano lasagna could have used more beef for me; it seemed to be too heavily overweighted in cheese.
The service was outstanding, and we got a free pizzookie for my mom's birthday.
MMMMM.

I told my wife not to make me come here and she didn't listen.
I waited forever for take out.
They screwed up the order beyond belief.
The staff doesn't know the ingredients in their own products.
I waited 30+ minutes for them to fix an order that very explicitly said "no cheese".
I brought home the wrong sandwich to my wife because they screwed up.
One tiny container of sauce for a bucket of pasta?
Disaster.
Wife called back and the manager offered to remove just the sandwich.
When she asked if that was really all they were going to do, the manager said "I don't know what else you want me to do.".
Hmmmm.
How about manage the restaurant, teach employees the ingredients in your food, and provide a certain level of customer service when you colossally screw up?
I'm glad she finally realizes how much this place sucks because I've known it for years.
Never again.
One star is generous.

Good pizza.
I've been all over the world sampling pizzas and this place makes good pizza.
Not awe inspiring pizza like you might find in Italy or great pizza that you might find elsewhere in Europe.
Still, it's pretty good pizza.
You have to search hard in Arizona to find better.
Please note that you always wait to be seated and after you order, the pizza will take even longer to get your table.
Don't worry it will be well worth the wait.

Two words... Not impressed.
Yes the portions are large however the negatives were greater than the positives.
Had angel hair pasta with meat sauce.
No flavor to the meat sauce at all.
It is an extra $.99 and is so bland.
There was hardly enough sauce  to cover the pasta so requested a little extra which caused another $.99.
Unfortunately it's still did not help the taste.
We enjoy background music when eating however the music is so loud that the people in the patio, where we were sitting, we're all shouting to be heard over the music.
It was so noisy that I couldn't wait to leave.
Lastly the garlic bread was cold and tasteless also.
Large portions don't necessarily mean good food.
Lastly the service was just mediocre.
The waitress was too busy visiting with coworkers to be attentive.

Avoid this location!
Seriously, drive 10 minutes out of your way to go to another location.
We love Oregano's and have been going to the old town and Scottsdale and Shea location for years.
Always great service and food.
But this location broke the mold in the worse way!
Our last visit we were told 35 minute wait, which is fine, so we had drinks at the bar.
40 minutes later the hostess told us our table was being cleared and she actually pointed to it.
5 minutes later another party is there, so we wait for another 20 minutes.
Finally get sat outside when we asked to be inside.
No one comes by for at least 10 minutes.
When they do we ask for the wobbly table to be fixed and our waitress tells us "it's frowned upon".
And it just got worse from there, wings, salad, pizza, pasta all came out in 10 minute intervals, no utensils, drop a beer off and run off with out getting another order...  Everyone in our party of 7 talking about how poor the service was.
It was a birthday so I choose to bite my tongue and call a manager later.
When I do he is very understanding and apologizes.
He says he is going to mail me a gift card and a week later, no gift card so I call back to check the address only to get another manager that takes my address again and promises to get back to or mail the gift card.
A week later, no gift card.

Do not go to this location.
I've been going to the scottsdale and Shea location for years and the food and service there are just better in every way.
Maybe a managerial thing?
Let's start with probably the worst hostess I've ever dealt with at any restaurant.
Went at almost 9pm still a little busy.
She told us the wait was 15 mins but I saw at least 3 tables that just haven't been cleaned so I say we will wait.
Then she points to 2 open bar stools and says you can sit there if ya want.
No thanks.
We wait 15 for the tables to get cleaned, and we go to the little middle section with probably 4 out of 6 booths open and she sits us at the tiny table with 2 little chairs?
Um no we'll take a booth.
She rolls her eyes throws the menus on the booth table and walks away.
Just rude in my opinion.
Your job is customer service.
Wash dishes if you hate dealing with people.
Been in the restaurant business for 20 years and would never hire someone like this.
Service was good.
Pizza had a giant burnt bubble but it wasn't bad.
Meatballs were also good.
Shrimp scampi had no taste though.
Pizooki was good but that's hard to mess up.
Take the 15 min drive to the better location on Shea.

Horrible place.
Went here the other night on a Tuesday around 7 pm and they said it would be a 20 minute wait and it was over an hour.
When we finally got our take it took forever to get the food.
My mom s salad had some sort of hair out string in it and my dad's dinner was wrong.
Not sure of this I'd the norm for this place but we are never going back

I'm not a fan of Oreganos like everyone else.
I have tried numerous menu items --recommended fan favorites and freestyling with my own selection -- and I always wind up disappointed.
That said, one of my very favorite people loves this place and, what I think I finally figured out is, he orders the right thing (and it's not exactly "Italian").
So, from now on, when I go to Oregano's, I'm getting what he gets: Alfredo The Dark with chicken.
I had been reluctant because I'm not a white sauce gal, but the sauce application is actually relatively light and the cheese is more pronounced.
The poblano and southwestern cheese blend are what set this dish apart.
($8.99)   Of course, the pizookie is (almost) always a hit.
They do need a few more minutes than they think in the new, faster ovens, though...

This place was great.
We sat at the outside bar and had good service.
The slice, meatball sub, and chicken parm sandwiches were all excellent.
Wish I lived in Phoenix and could come more often.

Yummy we always get the dinner salad and sometimes the meatball sub!!!!
Plus DUH a PAZOOKI!!!!!!!!!

love this place!!
Pizza is super thin and tasty!
Pasta dishes are awesome and well priced!
Often there is a wait to get in, but it is well worth it!

The food was great and the service was better.
It's cheaper which is perfect for a casual date night or dinner with friends.
The meals are easily shared and the pizza is definitely made to order.
Our server Melissa was so great I asked to speak with her manager.
She was patient, quick, easy going and nice.
I will definitely go again.

I went here on Saturday with some of my girlfriends and as usual the food was excellent.
Surprisingly this one by PV mall did not have a wait on Saturday afternoon.
Usually I try and avoid Oregano's due to the wait.
But if you can get in without waiting an hour it is definitely worth a stop.
My favorite here is the thin crust chicken and pineapple pizza.
It might not sound awesome but it is!
You should give it a try

Hands down...stack it up with the best pizza in AZ.
(Chicago style).
First time and I tried the pan.
Sauce A. Crust A.
Cheese A.
Incredible, but so filling!
Can't wait to go back.

Went here last night for the first time and there was a 45 minute wait on a Thursday night.
It was a very loud atmosphere when we got in, but the service was very good for how many people were there.
It was quiet around 8ish-9 though.
Our server was a babe by the way, and he was very nice and dealt with 7 of us which was probably difficult for him.
There were other goodlooking servers too so that's always a plus, right?The food was pretty good, and the prices for pastas were surprisingly cheap.
We tried some of the pizza also and it was very cheesy and good!

Great service and great food!
Not a fan of Italian food, but love the unique flavors.
It also seems like this place is always busy.
That's always a great sign.

After years of seeing the "Legalize Marinara" billboards I finally tried this place last night.
We got there a little before 6:30 and the place was packed with a lot of people outside waiting for tables.
We put our name in and were told it would be about 30-35 minutes and that was about right.
They did some nice things for their waiting guests, which every restaurant in the valley with long wait times should do.
They had a server bringing out samples of the food.
We tried the pesto bruschetta, something I never would have tried on my own.
Garlicky bread with pesto, cheese and a tomato slice and it was pretty tasty.
They also brought samples of thin crust cheese pizza and that was excellent.
The really neat thing they did was bring out bread dough for the waiting kids to play with.
They had a blast playing with that stuff.
Very clever Oregano's!
Once inside, we ordered the garlic cheese bread.
They cut a loaf long ways and give you one half of the loaf.
Between the three of us we each had a very nice, cheesy portion.
I definitely recommend it.
For dinner, we got a large thin crust pizza with sausage and extra pepperoni.
This was very good.
The crust was perfect, not too crisp, not too soft.
We also ordered the wings.
I asked for a sample of the garlic lime parmesan sauce and a combo of the Italian Gold and Buffalo sauce, as recommended by our server.
The garlic was better than the combo sauce, but neither really wowed me.
I ordered the wings dry with sauce on the side.
The wings were big but the sauces were not that exciting.
I give them credit for their garlic lime parmesan sauce.
It was nice and thick with lots of garlic.
I prefer dry rub garlic parmesan wings so maybe I am not the best judge of how good they are.
One other thing - they have huge salads - if you like that kind of thing.
I am not a fan of lettuce, so just an observation, no review.
I wish the wait wasn't so long but they totally made up for it with the free samples.
Next time out we are trying the deep dish.
They say it takes 45 minutes to make but you can order it as soon as you are there while you are waiting so that it is practically ready for you when you sit down.
I give them 4 stars.
I am a fan and will be back to try other items.

Took longer than expected to get our pick-up order but it was worth it!

Had to write an update....  We went here last night, my third visit, and the dish "Alfredo The Dark" is just awful.
I ordered it with chicken and the chicken comes shredded and piled on top.
The dish is made with spiral pasta, poblano peppers, of which I could find none, southwestern cheeses, tomatoes and jalapenos (neither of which I had come with the dish) and the whole conglomeration was just awful.
The flavor was just not good, especially with the shredded chicken.
I thought maybe it would be better warmed up for lunch today but I was wrong.
This dish misses the mark and I won't be ordering it again.
This place still gets 4 stars because their thin crust pizza is to-die-for.
We had sausage, pepperoni and extra cheese and it is one of my favorites around town!

We LOVE Oreganos!
The Guacatony is amazing!
My husband loves the pizza or sandwiches.
We have never been disappointed, but are sad that they just switched from Coke to Pepsi products.

We came in for lunch on a Saturday and sat at the outside bar.
We were greeted by the bartender shortly after sitting down, and he took our drink order.
He brought us back some menus and our drinks very quickly, and said he would give us a couple minutes to decide what to eat.
He then disappeared on us, although other people at the inside bar were still being served.
We pretty much finished our drinks with no one to take a food order or to check on us.
We took this as a bad sign for the service we would be receiving, and just had our 2 drinks before leaving for food elsewhere.

Italian gold wings are crack!
Food is slow.

A true italian pregame meal has been a mainstay of mine ever since I enjoyed one at the dirty padre a few years back.
We were greeted by a stout young lass offering a selection of pizza, drinks, and hour and a half wait times.
We decided to wait and ordered some tasty drinks (belini was fresh!).
After being seated, we listened to some crappy stories my friend had to tell while out salad was delivered.
This salad was a true blessing to our palates.
We were truly living in the second book of Ruth!
Once the meal was finished, I took the check and exclaimed, "Bahama mama!
" What a  great meal for a great price.
I loved it so much that I decided to leave them a gift in the form of an incredibly large dump in their men's restroom.
I hope they have toilet insurance, because I am pretty sure I saw the toilet start to softly weep after I was done.
10/10 will enjoy again!

So last night we had our going away party and I can't begin to express how awesome they were to us!
We were all seated in the same area and got top notch service.
I don't know that I've ever received better service for a large group (30+ people).
Thanks for giving us a great last night in Arizona guys!

This is the newest in the Oregano's chain.
If someone didn't tell you it was on Cactus at the PV Mall you'd swear you were in any of their other locations.
This place gets packed!
A relatively early dinner (5:30) on a Friday night required a 20 minute wait for a table.
Not bad, but plan ahead.
The service is outstanding.
They have the happiest employees I've seen in a restaurant.
Seriously, these people could work at Disneyland.
Our party of six had thin crust pizza, a junior meatball sandwich, the baked zitti, rigatoni and angel hair pasta.
We also shared a fried calamari appetizer.
The calamari was very good.
It's battered, then baked, then pan fried in garlic butter.
Served with marinara sauce.
Two of us shared a pizza.
It was OK but a bit oily for my liking.
Maybe the deep dish or pan pizza would have been a better choice.
All of the pasta dishes were excellent.
The junior meatball sandwich was pretty big and comes with fries.
You might want to think twice before you order the full sandwich.
They only have one dessert choice here - they only need one dessert choice here!
The Original Pizza Cookie is available in chocolate chip or white chocolate macadamia nut.
We ordered both and shared.
DAMN!
Half cooked cookie dough and ice cream - who knew it was so good?
Did I mention the service?
Will we be back - yep!

Awesome pizzas we still haven't eaten in the restaurant but have ordered takeout several times and the food is amazing and takeout service is great.
The sodas while waiting are much appreciated.

Great experience today!
First off our waiter had a great attitude & was the nicest so that made the experience that much better.
We ordered the Mexican fried ravioli things.
I dont know their name.
They were good, not excellent (only reason I didnt give 5 stars).
I ordered the stuffed riga tony & it was really good & the helping was a decent portion, enough for leftovers.
My husband ordered a mexican style pizza which was big enough for 2 so I had a slice & it was delicious!
Then of course we got the pizzookie for dessert, half chocolate chip cookie, half peanut butter cookie with ice cream on top :)  Sooo good!
I'd recommend this location to anyone, just come early as all the oregano's locations fill up fast!

Great thin crust pizza!
The sauce has a great flavor, reminds me of being home in Chicago.
While we waited for our to go order, we enjoyed an ice cold beer from the bar.
Cool bartenders and waitresses, nice vibe in this place.
They even gave us a couple free slices while we waited, can't beat that.
Next time I'm definately eating in, place was great!

I've been going to Oregano's back when it was a tiny little dot in old town Scottsdale only sat like 6 people inside and maybe 30-50 people on the patio.
Parking was impossible and the wait was 2.5-3 hours long and loooong before they had to change the Pizookie to pizza cookie.
I have always been a fan.
Old Town, Camelback, Flagstaff, Tucson locations have always been spot on.
This location must have bad management or a bad cook or BOTH, or maybe the location just has bad mojo.
We frequented this place a few times and nothing seems to taste quite right.
Last night was the "I have to Yelp this.
" clincher when the take out order came  home and the pizza was so burnt and dry it was like chewing on cardboard.
The ceasar salad had the dressing on the side but they didn't even give us enough to cover the amount of lettuce.
My hands are in the air...
I give up on this location.
Peace out PV Oreganos.

How any Oregano's location has only 3.5 stars is beyond me.
We have NEVER had a bad experience at an oregano's.
The food is always delicious and the portions are huge!
The service is always very friendly and on the ball.
They have great specialty drinks and a small but good selection of beer in draft.
Some of the food can take a while to cook, but the server has always warned us if we ordered one of these dishes.
You won't be disappointed with what you order at Oregano's.
I tend to favor the diablo shrimp pasta and any of the pizzas.
Seriously, any of them.
Save room for the pizza cookie!
it truly is the best one out of all the other fakes that try and make it.

My first time the food was great the hot wings omg hot!
hot!
I think it the best restaurant in the Paradise Valley mall area by far.
though the prices were $$$$$ but omg the portions were extremely large so if you want good food and good service check this place out

Love their food and the service at this location is always awesome!
Yes, it can get insanely busy.
That's because the food is great.
It is now a Pepsi place again (I love that!!
) My favorites include boom dip and wings.
It's also kid-friendly with good prices & quick food.
One more thing: they give kids some dough to entertain them

I have never had a bad experience at this, or any other, Oregano's.
They must be doing something right.
The quality of the food is excellent and the staff is friendly and courteous.
At first glance the prices seem a little high, but the portion sizes are huge!
We usually have a meal for the next three days.
I recommend mom's sausage and peppers, if you want pasta, or the big beefstro salad, if that's your thing, but honestly, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
I will agree with another reviewer that there is very little else besides pasta and pizza, but if you don't want a high carb meal, don't go to a restaurant that labels itself a "pizza bistro" or just about any Italian restaurant for that matter.

Not a place if you are in a hurry but worth the wait have never had a problem food always fresh

This restaurant was located down Channing Tatum and right on his Cactus blvd........hahahha.
That was the joke for us out-of-towners that day.
Anyhow, the pizza here was great.
We had to wait outside since there was a long wait at the time and one of the employees came out to give samples in the 100 degree weather.
When we tried the samples we already knew that this place was serious.
Definitely worth the wait and if you want to avoid the lines I would recommend calling in and taking it to go since there were a lot of patrons going that route as it seemed.

They went corporate.
They don't care about their customerds.
It seems all their food comes premade from other suppliers.
It probably is the case for most of their items that their cooks are simply assemblers and not cooks from scratch.
We had bad service.

This place is awesome!
Great atmosphere,  great service, excellent food!!
We ordered the Clark street meat and Grandma Gs potato pizza.
It was fabulous!!
The sauteed onions were the perfect compliment to the pizza!
I definitely recommend this place to anyone.
We came with four kids, and they weren't a problem.

I'm from the Pacific Northwest but my family frequently visits the Phoenix area.
Every time we do, we stop into an Oregano's (the ones on Cactus and Camelback, in particular).
We have never had a truly negative experience: the only complaint I've ever had was slow service, and that was due to how busy the restaurant was at that time.
The food is always fantastic.
The Bollo Pasta is HUGE (even though it's unlimited, you won't need more than one order!
) and really yummy.
I also love the Pasta Basta with sausage.
The sausage is super spicy and flavorful, and the skin gets nice and crispy.
It's AMAZING.
Speaking of sausage, I'd also recommend the Famous Chicago Italian Sausage sandwich... the provolone helps tame the spiciness of the sausage, making it a great combination.
And, of course you can't go wrong with the pizza.
Perfect proportion of crust to toppings.
As for the atmosphere, it is so much fun!
The vintage decor is awesome, the waitstaff is very friendly, and the restaurants are always lively.
If you haven't tried Oregano's yet, you have to give it a try!
The long wait is definitely worth it.

It was quite a wait for a deep dish pizza, but from what i heard it was really good.
I ordered a meatball sandwich and it was so good, but the portion sizes were too big which didn't allow us room for dessert- apparently what they are known for.
Next time we will split an entree and dessert!

