OMG.
This is the Palo Verde lounge but clean!!
I came here tonight and the gin and tonics were only $2.50 each and it's a Friday night!!
They also have bar food which is decent ( we got the french fries,served with ketchup and mayonnaise).
There's also a veggie burger.
I didn't try it but I will the next time I come.
When I first walked up they were playing Alanis Morissette.
Nothing but 90s throughout the night.
I also met a nice dog named Molly which should be the mascot for the bar.The only complaint I have is that there is only one stall in the ladies room.
There needs to be at least 2 people come on..
I also just want to point out that they had bubblegum vodka.
BUBBLEGUM.
Enough said.
The service was great and there so many seating options.
I moved three times because I wanted to take advantage of every seat.
There's no stupid college kids in town so it was really enjoyable.
There's also Modern World next door so if you meet some guy for a one night stand, you can gear up next door to make sure it's a pleasurable night.
The bar is DIRECTLY across the street from the lightrail so there's no excuse for you not to go.. Go now...What are you waiting for??

Why am I on Apache, enjoying a G&T, petting a bulldog, listening to Tori Amos and watching people trying to be nonchalant while they wait for the light rail?
I am enjoying the shit outta Tempe Tavern, that is what I am doin!
From the iconic sign on the side of the building, to the beautifully designed patio with rusted steel components, an actual Palo Verde tree planted inside the stone grounds with actually enjoyable to sit at high tables, the first impression is casual but surprisingly classy.
My friends were already cozied up along with 20 other people laughing and enjoying themselves in the front patio, and the security guy was extremely nice and told me there was even a patio in the front when I entered.
I ordered my delicious and strong $2.50 G&T from Casey, a fantastic bartender.
When back at the table, other people were laughing on the benches around us and we got to play with Molly, the rescued 80 pound bull dog and throw her crushed ice.
When my 3rd G&T drained and singing along to all my high school 90s songs, I decided to try the food.
I went for $4 fries with side of mayo and they were amazing- hand cut, def probz not veggie but my god.
We had to order another round of fries (which I did with the bartender but you could opt for table service as well).
They had veggie options for only $7 bucks.
Their other drink specials included 90 Shilling in the bottle for $2 bucks.
The single stall womens bathroom was IMMACULATE.
Let me stress this next statement: IT SMELLED AMAZING.
Like a clean, fresh, vanilla scent with modern fixtures and a nice expensive metal trash can (when you have a snooping trash eating dog you notice these things, ok?).
A live band was playing to a packed back room and they were actually enjoyable- but you can still enjoy the throwback on the front patio.
The security guards were really diligent about any potential issues with passer-bys and the people watching was premium.
The crowd was a true mix, actually diverse with an age range, genre bending, and everyone was relaxed and enjoying themselves.
I can't believe they have coffee???
I may have to come back in the morning just to get a cup o joe with the latest Barely Legal to relax on the patio before boarding the light rail!

For many months I watched and waited as Tempe Tavern came to be.
I wanted a good local watering hole that wasn't a sports bar or one of those Mill Ave joints that turns into a dance club at 10pm.
Tempe Tavern is neither.
It's a classic local watering hole.
The beer selection is impressive for a place it's size and they offer a good menu.
They serve some of the best hot wings I've had since moving to metro Phoenix.
Service is friendly and the beer is cheap.
On top of it all this is the only place I know of around here that serves Schlitz.
When you sit at the bar make sure to try the hot 'n' spicy peanuts in the carafe's.
The place has never been too crowded either but I've heard they do have some busy shifts.
I assume these are Friday and Saturday nights.
I typically hit up Tempe Tavern on Sunday or Monday.
My only complaint is petty: there's not jukebox.
Maybe that will come along with time.
They do pump in music from somewhere.
Mostly alternative stuff.
There's a little stage for bands to perform and I have hopes of checking out some of the local music soon.
Tempe Tavern is a fantastic place.
If you're looking for a neighborhood bar and want to get away from the college kid hell that is Mill Ave then this is the place for you.
The crowd is still mostly college age but it's not the same cast of Jersey Shore casting call rejects that haunt Mill Ave.

I got wasted, man, and I was well under my allotted budget for alcohol for the evening.
The drinks are made stiff and they're inexpensive so if you're looking to tie one on, this is really the place you should be going to.
Usually, when I'm tying one on at a bar and I find out that a band is going to start playing, that's like a death-sentence for my evening.
The band will play terrible music so loud that any attempt at conversation will be futile and we'll have to lean in and scream in each other's ears.
"WHAT?!
" "I SAID I HAVE TO TAKE A SHIT!
" "WHAT?!
"  While we were here, a band played inside and, sitting outside, we could still hear the radio music piped out through the speakers.
It was perfect.
The band played and I still hung out and shot the shit with my buds.
I went inside for a bit and the band wasn't bad, either.
This place, compared to other dives, is a class ACT.
There were no penises scrawled into the wall ejaculating onto a mangled vagina.
As much as I love my juvenile coital scribbles, it's kind of nice to drink without having a veiny cock penned somewhere within my field of vision.
Aaaand everyone was really nice here.
No one treated me like a dick.
I paid my tab and jumped onto the lightrail which is approximately fifty feet away.

Its awesome.
For so many reasons.
Below is my attempt to adequately detail all these reasons...
There is tons of parking which doesn't totally matter to me because I can walk here and stumble home.
Its also right next to the Apache/McClintock lightrail station... and this is why Tempe Tavern is the start of my birthday lightrail pub crawl!
Perfection.
There is outside seating... in a particularly good locale for people watching.
The inside seating is really perfect too.
There is ample amounts for one thing and the entire place is just really comfortable.
Makes you want to stay and hang out.
There is a stage... so apparently there must be music sometimes.
There is also a random and empty phone booth.
Rad.
Not to mention the bathroom (only one stall but o well) was very clean.
The bar itself is smack dab in the center of the place and has seating on THREE sides... it makes the bar itself feel like the most important part of the place rather than just a counter shoved against a wall... like most bars.
The bartender that night was wonderful.
Really friendly and talkative (not in an annoying way at all) and suggested drinks/made up drinks for us... always something I love at bars.
Drinks are crazy cheap.
2.50 wells I believe.
This wasn't happy hour.
This is considered normal at Tempe Tavern.
They also have these really spicy hot peanuts out as bar food... pretty good.. especially with my cold cheap bottle of Stella  *I feel weird giving only four stars but I wish this place had a pool table or two*  central Tempe needs more places to play cheap pool and this place totally has the vibe for it.

I heard heard HORRIBLE things about this place.
I had head drinks were watered down, over priced and you got service with an attitude and the door guys were dicks, and that everything felt dirty there.
AND YET.. i still went to see for myself.
They seem to have all male bartenders all the time, who kinda know what they are doing..waitresses on the other hand seem unfriendly and lay.
I was actually asked to take a tray of drinks outside to my table cause the waitress had had a long day and was tired... no joke  Either way- things did seem a little high priced.. like i asked for 5 of the cheapest shots and that totalled 29 bucks?....
I do like it tho- cute boys- dark inside.. ill be back

I went here on a Saturday night for the first time and had a blast.
The bar was moderately crowded and there was a live band playing.
There was an interesting mix of people and our server was very friendly.
The building is one a kind in Tempe and the menus have the story behind it.
The interior is new inside and the outdoor seating is nice as well.
I will be back as this place is fun, clean, reasonably priced, and in a great location.

Dive bar...I think not.
Bar that people have tended to forget...I think so.
20 years ago, this was the midpoint between my residence and ASU.
Back in the day, the drinks were strong, the food was from the restaurant on the corner or across the street at Arco.
Today, I walked in hoping to find football, food and beer.
I found a bartender and 2 other patrons.
11:15 AM, games are already on...and there are several posters touting cheap beer during games.
I ordered a PBR and asked about ordering food only to be told that the cook has not yet arrived nor called in.
11:30 AM, I have finished my first beer and asked for a second.
Still no word about a cook.
11:45 AM, I have finished my second beer and I am ready to pick up and go when someone breezes through the front door and announces they have arrived.
Looking quizically at the bartender, he says she's the cook.
She proceeds to take her coffee behind the bar, fix it with cream and sugar and chat with the bartender for a few minutes...then she's off to the kitchen where I presume she is getting everything turned on.
12 PM...the bartender returns and asks me if I need another beer.
Another $2 PBR is set in front of me.
The cook comes out and asks what I would like to order.
I let her know I want a pound of wings, as hot as she can make them.
She asks if I want the wings grilled and I reply that I don't care how they are cooked, as long as they are physically hot and spicy when they are put in front of me.
12:15 PM...I've polished off the latest PBR and wings have not been put in front of me.
I ask for another PBR and state that if the wings are not done before I am done with the beer, I am going to head out.
12:24 PM...I am presented with wings.
I take a taste and ask for tabasco.
The cook asks if they are not spicy enough, and I reply that if they were, why would I ask for tabasco?
She scuttles back to the kitchen.
I've been careful to pay for each round and the wings when they are presented.
I've also been careful to tip exactly 10%, as this is not the service I would want and certainly not what I remember.
You want football, wings and beer?
You can do better than this.

After reading several glowing reviews on this site, I decided to sate my curiosity and check out this hidden gem.
It's located on the northeast corner of McClintock and Apache, wedged between a gas station and an adult book store.
There is substantial parking in the back.
As of this writing, you can't reach the rear parking lot from McClintock, so you're best bet is to head west on Apache and use the parking lot entrance.
If you're going at night, be careful entering as the driveway is somewhat narrow.
The building is quite quaint and fun to admire.
The back page of their folded, paper menu tells the brief history of the architecture.
The bar is somewhat small and seats probably about 20 people.
There are numerous tables throughout and seating outside.
If you came to watch TV at the bar, there are few TVs that have a clear line of sight.
I usually sit at the south side of the bar and the TV over the bar is obscured by the keg draft handles.
Ambiance and location aside, the real reason to come here is for the drinks and food.
The food is ultra cheap and the drinks doubly so.
As of this writing, they have $2 specials on draft Coors and 1810 (Genesee Cream Ale).
If you're so inclined, they have PBR in the can for $2.
As of yesterday, the bartender (Cory) informed me that they have a happy hour, between 5PM and 8PM -- two for one well drinks and domestic drafts.
I've tried several things on their menu.
I'm not crazy about their wings; they're just not spicy enough.
They have some deep-fried jalapenos that they call "bottlecaps".
They give you a huge portion and they are pretty spicy, so keep that beer handy.
Their nachos are OK, especially considering the price of $4.
Their chicken strips are pretty good.
They do have some amazing hot dogs with lots of toppings.
I believe the most expensive item on their menu is $8.
Most items are somewhere around $6.
Keep in mind that they don't have the hot pretzel basket, even though it is listed on their menu and web-site.
The action picks up at night and the place can get crowded.
In the afternoons, the place is a cemetery...which is perfect if you're just looking to have a few drinks and some cheap food without any fuss.
Service-wise, I have no complaints.
I've rarely had to wait for a drink and the food comes out fast.
I had chicken strips earlier this week and they were so hot that I had to wait ten minutes to eat them.
Sometimes, they can get busy at unexpected times and you might have to wait a bit longer (especially if you're at a table), but that's to be expected.
Overall, I enjoy Tempe Tavern and have recommended it to several friends.
I think it's a great value and a cool setting.

Nice little chill place!
Went for an art showing, so that's pretty awesome.
Happened to be 2 for 1 night, double awesome!
With tip, I got 4 beers for $8!
Tempe Tavern, our future looks bright!

pretty cool dive...good drinks,food and if the mood strikes a BJ next door at the bookstore...

Cool Tempe "dive" bar.
Good sound for a band, very cool decor.
My only complaint would be our waitress.
She brought us the wrong drinks twice, from then on it was straight to the bar.

I love hole in the wall bars, and Tempe Tavern is a decent place.
Service is slow, but they have some pretty good drink specials.
There are lots of TVs if you want to watch a game.
I tried the Honey BBQ wings and ordered them grilled.
They were sticky and oh so good.
The menu is a typical bar menu.
I left happy, but wasn't like, "OMG I can't wait to come back here".
I don't know what it was.
I'll try anything twice though so maybe if I do ever go again, I will like it more.

Surprised to discover this little gem with my buddy.
And loooong happy hour on Tuesday nights so that's great!
Love the Rogue Hazelnut Brown ale and the two for one "1810" cream ale is the bomb.
Marsha was awesome and very helpful suggesting all the best drinks.
Love it

I like the place, in general.
Very low-key, hole-in-the-wall-type place.
When I went there was a cool art exhibit, but I gotta say...... the wait staff is horrible!
The waitress acted like everything was on her time despite the fact that the bar was mostly empty.
Ans who was she so busy gabbing with to bring our drinks?
Why, the bartender of course.
And even if we went to the bar to order, we had to wait just as long to get our next drink.
On a plus side, there's a sweet phone booth inside that's perfect for changing into your superhero outfit and round housing the bar staff.

Good little bar with Rogue - one of my favorite beers - on tap.
Good bar food too.
Check out the weekday specials and bring a friend because there's always a 2 for 1 special.

Beers seemed to be a little higher priced than this lizard is used too.
They do a have a pretty good tap.
Lots of craft beers.
Bit of a rocker bar.
They we're blasting foo fighters.
Nothing against foo and those that fight it but this is a bit of a sign.
Also got the stare down from the regulars when I walked in.
It's like they've never seen a 50 million year old lizard of death before.

Great little dive bar.
Food is pretty decent for bar food.
Fun place to hang out while waiting for the light rail.

I went here on Monday with a couple friends to use a deal I had bought.
I thought this bar was just ok.
When we entered we noticed it was really warm in the bar, like warmer than it was outside...which is pretty bad considering we live in Phoenix....We had a decent amount of money to spend, so we got a lot of food.
The waitress (and bartender) was nice enough, but seemed a little upset that we were using a deal.
Also, it was kind of strange because while we were there she spilled something on herself so her solution was to take her shirt off and walk around in her bra....and she kept talking about how naked she felt....it was pretty awkward.
We tried: The hot chick, fried zuc, chicken fingers and fries, cheese crisp, and a grilled cheese.
It was a lot of fried food.
Anyway, the hot chick was recommended by the waitress, but in all of our opinions, it was straight up bad.... it had a really weird flavor that I can't explain.
Also, I asked for mine with mayo on the side, but it was slathered all over it.
All of the food was pretty meh, nothing special, especially considering they claim to use a lot of fresh and local ingredients.
The cheese crisp was probably the best item of the night.
I probably would not come back here to eat, but I might come back to drink!
They had a lot of beers and their happy hour specials looked good.

Tempe Tavern is by far my favorite bar in Tempe.
The staff is phenomenal the owner hilarious and the specials blow any competition out of the water on monday/tuesday.
You like Burgers?
They got buy one get one's on monday.
Are they all half a pound and placed delicately on a locally baked bun?
You bet your sweet ass they are.
Happy Hour on Tuesday lasts from 4 p.m. till midnight.
Any other day it's 4-7.
Let's discuss music.
There's never a cover and it's always diverse.
If you like football.
Sunday ticket should suffice.
All you have to do is ask and you can get whatever game you fancy on one of the numerous tvs.
They have everything.
To conclude this dive is fantastic.
If you find a problem it more than likely is you.
If you feel like complaining the owner is almost always there.
The staff is top knotch the burgers superb.
I go there almost everyday.
And don't see anything wrong with that.

they just got Snow Day New Belgium on tap for the Season.
are you kidding me?

This bar has 3 faces.
Each very different.
The first is that of any bar, tvs, bar games and dim lights.
The second is of a hole in the wall bar with a stage.
The third is a nice patio facing a park.
One of the nice things here is they do have a few craft brews on tap, however this is not enough to hide the fact that this place is in the dive bar category.

Dim, gritty dive bar that ain't half bad for getting sloshed and catching a small live act.
The space feels cramped, sandwiched between a difficult parking lot and the light rail.
The back patio is oh-so tiny, with patrons crammed like sardines to have a smoke or take a break from loud music.
PROTIP: There's seating out front.
This tavern has an impressive beer selection...but it's all canned!
Canned!?
They seem to recycle them all which is super cool.
On the negative, paying $4 a pop really justifies bottles of local brews like SanTan.
So it's a decent little venue.
It has a decent beer selection.
The rockabilly atmosphere will make you feel cool.
So while it doesn't exceed in acoustics or value, I wouldn't mind coming back to shotgun a cold one.

Great place to stop for a cold one after a hard day at the office

My expectation for a dive bar: 1) cheap drinks 2) those drinks staying full 3)people watching.
Tempe Tavern fits the bill.
I like the patio out front.
The bathroom is neato.
I never have trouble ordering another drink from the bar.
I have simple needs.
Tempe Tavern meets them.

As I sat and made small talk with a blonde waitress, the bartender took her order.
He proceeded to make what I believe was a martini, a dirty martini.
I only say a dirty  martini as I nerver had one but since he was adding olive juice by holding his bare hand over the olive  and fruit tray (BARE) just nasty.
Juice pouring through his fingers like an added boost of flavor.
Then I ordered a shot, and it was double the price of one in a  downtown Chicago night club.
Makers Mark.
A double in one  shot glass wtf.
Waitress was rude, and I mean nasty.
So  nasty I wrote as a tip, learn to be less rude.
This place is a dive.
Or in better terms a dark Dungeness shit hole with bitter servers and bands that can't even play the wedding circuit.
I swear the stench of drunk nasty is still on me from sitting on the stools.
If you plan on going here, slam your  in a discount cab door first.
Its as much fun and three times cheaper.
By the way this was my second time here.
I always go twice

I wanted to try out a new place when meeting up with friends and my choice became this oddly located place.
This night they had an open mic night and anyone and everyone is welcome to take the mic - I find this pretty cool.
As I wouldn't necessarily go here if I was a talent scout, I sure would if I wanted to show off my awesome banjo talent for peers and perhaps get a beer out of it.
The prices are right.
The service is right.
The atmosphere is friendly (to my surprise, I expected a more institutionalized mentality where the grace only fall on the locals but I was wrong) and welcoming, both from patrons as from the staff.
There isn't much to this place - but I can't find one thing that I disliked with it.
Well, the only thing (and I doubt this is a common sight) was that when I came in there was 5-6 kids under the age of 10 in there.
I have no idea why they were there, nor did they stay.. but the patrons treated them with respect and they didn't bother anyone in return.
As I said, if this is common I wouldn't like it, but if it's not - I couldn't care less.

I'd love it if the a/c was on.
Great bar.
What's up with a 100o day and no a/c.
We Would've stayed and spent more & had food, but too hot.
Bummer.
Not cool.

The Bar is OK..the food looks better than it taste.
I just want to warn anyone who goes to the T. Tavern not to make any jokes or comments about the Adult book store located just east of the establishment.
I must have struck a nerve or something.
I made, what I considered an innocent comment/joke about the bar being right next door to a Porn shop.
The snotty, little, freak bartender went berserk !
She really got her panties in a bunch and probably disfigured the ugly-ass tattoo on her butt.
She immediately had me escorted out.
If you go there..Just watch what you say..I know at least one bartender there that has absolutely no sense of humor.. what-so-ever.

Stopped in after Black Sabbath concert.
great selection of canned beers the beers were cold and served by a very efficient crew of bartenders.
The live music on the night we were there was not usual for the place , I know this because at least 5 of the regulars told me so as I was obviously trying to figure out way there was Old rap music playing that seemed out of place for a bar in Tempe.

Cheese fries!!!
Get these for sure.
The rest of the food is pretty good too.
Friendly service, fun environment.
It reminds me of my favorite dive bars from Minneapolis.

Great little dive bar!
It has really good bar food.
We tried the wings and fries and they were both good.
It's a little too loud for my taste but I should have said something.
Our waitress was so nice and drop dead gorgeous!

Tempe Tavern is definitely a dive bar, but it also serves way better food than you'd expect from a spot that also serves Mike's Hard Lemonade on tap and looks more like a rock club than a restaurant.
My favorite thing to order there is the grilled cheese sandwich, a really simple sandwich (I get pepperjack cheese instead of American), with a side salad with ranch.
The portion is large (the same is true for the fries if you order those), and the food is good - greasy, but good.
I'm a fan of Mike's Hard Lemonade, so I'm thrilled it's on tap here.
There are also TVs throughout the bar that make it a great place to watch a game, while live music fans can enjoy concerts every night of the week after 9 p.m.  Tempe Tavern is located right across the street from a light rail stop (and next door to a sex shop.
) The cheap prices and laid-back atmosphere make it a good spot for watching a game, or before heading to one on the light rail.

Excellent dive bar.
Wide selection of beer - tap and otherwise - and good food, inexpensive.
The bar is open early so an early lunch is possible.
It has a friendly staff (especially the female day bartender and the male evening bartender), who actively engage all patrons not just the regulars (even though we've become regulars since discovering the place).
Cleanliness and an open floor plan make this a very inviting place.
While I'm not an active fan of sports (unless it's baseball or hockey season), they do promote sports and have many TVs, all tuned to different games, so everyone is covered.
Some nights there is live music - sometimes well-organized and other times more-or-less like an open-mic event - in a wide variety of styles.
The smoking areas in the front and back offers comfortable seating, although it is a bit cramped on Friday and Saturday with people trying to smoke and talk.
During non-football season, the bar offers drink specials like two-for-one etc that are pretty spectacular for an evening out.
They also offer raffles,with decent packages, not just the usual bar swag items seen in many places, on some days if food is purchased.
This is a bar I frequent and highly recommend - casual, comfortable, and lively.

My nice neighbor hood dive bar.
Can always find T there and get lucky!
Always great beer on tap and a,good supply of Jameson.

Great milk stout!
Awesome food.
Perfect dive bar environment.
I tried their burger, fried zucchini, and some fries and all were surprisingly good.
Those not in the know may mistake this place for a seedy dive bar, and there are definite elements of that here.
But don't judge a book by its cover.
The Beer is cold, the food is good, and they are also known for their local music scene.

Never want to go back, no matter who's playing.
First of all the stage is shitty and the room is so small my ears are ringing for what I can tell is gonna last for days.
Food was poor and overpriced.
Our waitress was nice but I spent $10 on a double whiskey something and didn't even feel a buzz.
That's saying a lot for the huge lightweight I am, and my drink was at least 24 ounces.
Lastly there's barely any parking, and we got towed for parking in an adjacent parking spot where the towing sign was almost on the ground so we didn't see it when we first parked there.

this is the perfect dive bar.
it's right off the light rail so if you've had too much you don't have to worry about driving.
the service can be slow, but whenever i go it's with a bunch of friends so we're in no hurry anyway.
the food is OK. it can be greasy.
but honestly, i don't go there because of the food.
it's a great location to hang with friends and have a great time.
you never know what's going to happen while you're there.
Something out of the ordinary always seems to happen.
And it's next to an adult bookstore.
what could be better?
;)   as for parking, park across Apache in the parking structure underneath the apartments.
make sure you park in the metro/light rail spaces.
it's free.

My new neighborhood bar.
Good beer, food (especially the Burgers), great service & live music.

Yummy!!!!
This dive bar is pretty cool!
Very low key, good place to go to grab a bite or a beer.
I enjoyed their Juan Pablo burger and onion rings.
I couldn't believe how delicious the burger was, coming from this dive bar!
I didn't expect much and was blown away!
It was a 1/2 lb burger with pepper jack cheese, pablano pepper and chipotle mayo.
The combination of all that together was awesomeness in my mouth!
The onion rings, were not as crispy as I usually like them, but my friend downed them in about 5 seconds, so I think they were pretty tasty to him.
Cheap drinks, good food, laid back atmosphere...... fun place to go to!

Good divey vibe.
Good band playing.
Shut their kitchen down an hour early, which sucks if you're like me - drunk and in need if food.

Best chicken strips and BBQ sauce around!
I was quite impressed!
Always the best drink prices around.
I love grabbing a $5 Bloody Mary in the evening or on Sundays.
And they are dog friendly which is a huge plus in my book!
Tempe Tavern is a great neighborhood spot to frequent throughout the week and on the weekends.

Great dive with cheap drinks and next to the light rail.

I was here for literally 3 minutes.
Loud, jiving spot right next to the light rail.
When we arrived they had a local band playing.
There were also a lot of college-aged kids there, which is due to the fact that it's surrounded by apartments meant for university students.
Definitely a dive bar, but seemed to have lots of character.

Extremely disappointed.
Started off with a wonderful experience with our bartender 'cherie'...
Whom introduced us to the honey hot wings, $3 bloody Mary's, $2beermosas and $5 margaritas.
Our new waitress Frannie, who was more focused on bar backing than serving, came on the clock and decided to switch up the pour and pricing to $6 bloody Marys.
My original bartender was still there and actually backed us and called out the new bartender on shift out and she insisted on fighting us about the pour and pour count.
Sorry honey but I've grew up in this industry and I'm not ignorant.
Frannie came over with the bottle and just poured alcohol on top of the drink to shut us up/make us happy but it was the principle.
I'd been there for 5hrs just watching soccer and making conversation with our bartender and leisurely drinking on the $3 special blood Mary's they do on Saturdays.
Sadly I will not be back.
I have my thirtieth birthday next week and was planning on bringing a large crowd and making a huge function out of it after Cherie told me to contact the owner but I've got a sour taste in my mouth.
Way to flip my my pov in a matter of minutes Frannie.
I've never been so insulted by a bartender.
Your co worker called you out and you insisted on fighting me and throwing my money back at me bc you didn't want to apologize or claim you were at fault.
Smh.
Shame on you.

