The professionalism of the Photographer is second to none.
Randy has an incredible eye and his photos show it.
He pays close attention to detail and will make your photography session relaxed and enjoyable.
My photographs from Randy's Vision are exceptional.
I highly recommend!

I have had numerous experiences with Randy, and all of them have have been successful in terms of the time spent together shooting and the finished results.
With each shoot, he has been open and enthusiastic to my ideas and has collaborated in a way that has always improved my initial concepts.
Once on site, he has the ability to proactively get the shots he wants to and at the same time, be utterly unobtrusive.
This came in handy when shooting some beautiful family shots of my son and husband with a son who is easily distracted and a husband who is not exactly keen on getting his photo taken!
Every shot he has presented to me has its own energy outside of the shot itself and each time we work together, (in the personal or corporate realms), I have been excited to see what comes he back with.
Randy makes me want to spend more time documenting the life I am leading and I feel grateful to have found such outstanding talent here in Phoenix.

Randy's Vision has been my photographer many years and his attention to the detail of the photo is outstanding!
I have used his services for individual photos, family/group photo's as well as for special events.
He always is ready to do the job, coming prepared and makes every time a everlasting memory!
If you are looking for a photographer I would highly recommend his company!
Thank you for all you have done for us!

Randy Bingham is a delightful person.
He adds fun to any event he attends.
His photos are outstanding!
Thanks for the great photos of the 2012 Phoenix Pride event!

Just finished a photo session for my daughter, what a great experience!
Randy was able to keep my spirited 6 year old on task and in a good mood for the whole time!
We've tried doing pics before but haven't had much luck!
Can't wait to see the results.
Thanks Randy!

Randy was referred by a friend of mine and he did not disappoint us.
We needed some simple Bust shots for employees which a lot of Photographers don't want to mess with but he was happy to accommodate us and had some great suggestions.
We will definitely use him again.

I usually dont write reviews but I cannot let good hard work go unoticed.
Randy is a very talented photographer.
He is great with kids and does amazing weddings.
He is also very diverse... so if you are looking for a photographer for any event or occasion he is the best photographer in Arizona!

