This place is EXCLUSIVE!
In fact, I'm shocked it's even on Yelp.
The first time I went in January, it wasn't on Yelp, so I guess it's become less of a secret since then?
The great thing about this place since it's exclusive is that it's not too crowded, and the crowd who comes here is cool.
Not those skanky 21-year old Jersey Shore wannabes that don't know how to handle their liquor.
I also remember the music being good (can't remember too much since it was way back in January).
Basically, this place has THE BEST drinks on the strip.
Creative.
Delicious.
Inspired.
SO GOOD.
Some really great ones were the peanut butter drink ("A Real Nutter") and the one inspired by Prince William and Kate.

What a hidden surprise in the Luxor!
This place is very locals only and that's the cool thing about it.
You get all of the fun vibe that comes with being in Las Vegas without all of the pretension.
The bar features knowledgeable bartenders, well made drinks and the space enough to converse about both.
Great music and the entire space is a cool lounge area.
A fun place to begin, or end your night when you're looking for something different.
And I love, love the cool hallways, filled with dim, red light, perfect for eerily awesome pictures!

We ended our night here after going to LAX and had a great time dancing the rest of the night away.
We were a group of girls with (inexpensive) bottle service, so naturally, the men flocked around us and stared lots--still, we ignored them and had a blast!
We even met some cute Marine guys who politely asked us to dance.
Surprisingly, there was enough room for us to "get down" on the floor outside of our table area, since the place wasn't packed.
The hostess was nice, and we were well taken care of.
I recommend this bar if you're staying in the Luxor or nearby and looking for a chill place for drinks and cool music.
Note: I don't believe it opens until 1 a.m. on a Friday night.

My husband and I were in town for a simple vacation, and stumbled on this classy and vibrant bar in the Luxor.
The bar is a great mix of smooth spaces, amazing beats, and HYPNOTIC dance beats.
The staff makes this space something different.
Next time we're in town, we are there!
PS:  Make sure you go on the night DJ Teddy Ruxspin is laying down tracks... don't know who it is...but this DJ is going to be famous very soon!

Savile Row is such a neat place.
It's kind of private and I had never heard if it before until I won a Facebook contest for it... And I absolutly love it!
We've gone quite a few times now.
The music is good, crowd is fun and chill and the staff & prices are great.

