Amigos!
I'm excited to tell you about very good Mexican food in Madison, WI!
I'll be back to add some more info, but El Burrito Loco has been on this corner since about 2002 and what's this?!
No Yelp review?!
It's time.
I had a the huge chicken burrito special at $7.
It could be the best tasting value in town!
It had all the usual ingredients inside including, cheese, pinto beans, rice, a lot of fresh (stewed...don't be afraid - its good!
) chicken and salsa.
They are all wrapped up in a soft huge flour tortilla.
yumm.
I asked for the spicy salsa and it was just about right.
Oh and don't let me forget to tell you that it had a pretty big side of guacamole...and it was good!
Did I mention it was big?!
See pix.
I'm pretty sure they are only at this Capitol location during lunch time, but it's worth the trip.
Tell Maggie Hi and that Raul (From San Diego, living in NYC since 2001) I said Hola!
Let's open up a stand in NYC!
Come on!
Orale!
See you next time I'm in town!

Just got the carnita special (with corn tortillas) from the food cart on the Capitol square.
The price was $8.
The señorita taking my order was attentive and polite.
A couple customers stopped by and chatted with her briefly, so they must get regulars.
The carnita meat, hot sauce, cilantro and guacamole were really good.
No radishes or salsa verde like I'm used to, which is fine - might just be a regional thing.
However, the tortillas were a bit stiff, like they were taken straight from the packaging or were just microwaved, not heated up on the griddle.
In any case they stuck together in a way that it was clear that if they were heated up, they weren't heated separately.
The beans tasted exactly like the Rosarita "spicy jalapeño" brand you get out of a can, and didn't have any cheese on top.
The rice was good, but was just regular Mexican rice - for $8 would be nice if they went a little further and put some veggies in there like onions, potatoes, carrots, peas or something.
I'd give the experience about 3.5 / 5 stars on the whole.
I'll stop by again some time and try a different menu item.

Got the bean tacos with hot sauce for lunch yesterday.
The sauce was super spicy, which I absolutely loved, and everything tasted very authentic.
The tortillas were some of the best I've ever had.
My only complaint is that it was a little heavy on cilantro, but that's not keeping me from going back for lunch again today.

