I (heart) Heritage Bark Park.
Thank you for putting in an agility course...my vizslas think it's the cat's meow...oops.
It's not easy to find though -- all signs lead you to the Senior Center...or Heritage Park...  Hello, planners!!!???
It's not easy to find...so use your GPS the first time you go...but it's been given national recognition in the major architecture pubs...which is a big deal...My architect friend, the vizsla yoda, couldn't wait to go -- so off we went, all 6 vizslas in tow...and it was a blast.
My dogs played hard for an hour and visited with everybody in the 'fun dog' zone...each one getting a turn at showing off their agility skills and when we got home, they slept for hours...it was awesome!
Tired Vizslas = Happy Vizslas....
Important Note:  The park is closed now for maintenance until October 24th.

My lab loves interacting with the other dogs.
Most dog owners I have seen there do pick up after their dog and are pretty friendly for a conversation while the 4 legged ones are playing around.
The bathrooms are now working and there is also a kids splash area and a dog splash area behind the restrooms.

I love this place!
So does my puppy, Brody.
There's three parks: 1 for small dogs, 1 for big dogs and one for combined sizes with a few dog stimulating activities like a seesaw, bars to weave through and planks to jump over.
I also appreciate the little things, like the water faucets for dogs and the poop bags.
We also end up going into the combined sizes park, because my friend has a much smaller dog and my big dog loves to play with her.
Tonight we were the only ones in there.
What a treat!
Lots of running space for Brody and as you can see through the picture, he ends up coming home tired, which is good for me :-)  They added another area for parking here and you are greeted by a beautiful sign and Barkules, the big dog statue, surrounded by a padded flooring...very comfy to the foot!
A lot of construction going on and from what I heard, there's going to be a new facility with bathrooms for the humans and a dog water park, just in time for the summer!
If you live in the Lake Mead/Boulder area and would love to bring your dog to a clean and spacious facility, come down to Heritage Bark Park!
You won't be disappointed!

GRRREAT place for your pooch to run and play.
Most of the people here are friendly and fun to speak with.

We had to add the Bark Park to our list when we started exploring the dog parks of Las Vegas.
The park looks huge.
3 separate dog areas, 2 of which are really large, the third has dog agility equipment inside.
Lots of walking trails around the park.
Tons of sports fields.
We didn't get to see it all, but I wish we lived closer to utilize the parks amenities.
I like this park even though this was our first encounter with an aggressive dog, we didn't even get in the gate yet, and the dog dashed out of the dog run and attacked our dog.
The owner seemed surprised but offered no apology.
We decided to go into the small dog run ( our pup is in the weight class right now where he can fit in both large and small dog runs) which worked out well.
We checked out the agility run as well, we met some really nice owners and dogs once we got into that run.
As with all dog parks there are owners that don't pay attention or don't pick up after their dogs, which is unfortunate.
The poo bag dispensers were full and water fountains worked which is important for a positive experience.
We will certainly visit this park again, even though there's a drive across town required for us, it's worth it.

This place is great; my dog loves it, I love it and everyone is genuinely happy to be there.
You can actually meet some pretty cool people here and depending on the time your dog will have plenty of other dogs to interact with.
I love walking around something that calls to nature more than being on the strip so this is a win-win for me.

If I die and come back as a dog, I am going to live near the Bark Park.
Who ever designed the place did  a wonderful job.
First view a dog with his bone and behind the dog a dog house.
the "bones in the park" are for humans to sit on, the dog house is for humans to take care of bodily needs; and the "dog statue" is just cute.
As other have mentioned the are 3 parks, dogs under 25 lbs, over 25 lbs and an obstacle course.
There is shade canopy and regular seating for humans.
Nice green grassy ares for the dogs to run and socialize.
My experience is that the dogs in the under 25 lbs are well manner and socialize well.
The dogs have their own water park, behind the "dog house" you will find 3 red fire hydrants, that put out a fine mist of water to cool the dogs off on hot summer days.
There are "bone seats" for us humans.
The park is relatively new   bit there is plenty of vegetation, and in a few years the park will be nicely landscaped and some what shaded.
A marvelous idea and design, and let me also mention the city maintenance of  the park is will taken care of, from doggy bags, to power washing the walkway.
Happy to go there as a human, delighted to go there as a dog.

Clean park really close to my home.
My lab LOVED the splash pad after running around for a while in the large dog area.
The only reason I gave a 4 and there are some rocks in the play area and my dog hurt its paw when catching a ball.
Overall though beautiful place and I will visit often!
Tip: go when the sun starts going down or else no one will be there!

We have dog training up in the area on Saturday mornings and after failing class that morning due to hyper-activity, I decided to try this place out as I had heard good things and wanted to see if it were suitable enough for us to go prior to class next time to release some energy.
Walking into the dog park area was like walking into a doggie amusement park!
Huge dog statue in the middle separating the 3 gated areas and water feature.
My dog barked at the dog statue not knowing what the heck it was!
We went into the "all dog" pen as a dog already in there curiously followed us along the fencing from the car to the entrance gate wagging tail the entire time.
It's a double entrance gate to prevent escapee dogs.
There are some shaded benches, concrete walls to sit on, and a grassy area surrounded by some landscaping.
Doggie water fountain instead of free standing buckets holding algae water at some other parks.
There's also an agility course area to work w/ your dog as well.
Mine was more interested in greeting the new friend inside, running, tackling, and stealing new friend's ball.
The water feature outside has some fountains, squirters, etc that the dogs can romp around in.
Would be cool if they added some sort of swimming pool as lots of dogs love swimming, but maintenance would be required on this and that can get costly.
Would have liked to see a bigger pen for the all dog area, as we're used to Dog Fancier's park, but it will do.
Engaging my dog in some agility training will work his mind to release some energy too.

I love this park.
It's a great park to walk around and take the pups too.
My little dog loves the water park for dog.
She plays in it all the time.
All the dogs you meet there are friendly and love to play with other dogs.
Will recommend this to and pet lover for some good ole outdoors!

This is the best dog park in the valley!
It's clean and there are tons of stuff for your dog to do, there is agility equipment and water fountains for the dogs to play in!
It's a really awesome place to check out if you want a place to take your dog to.

My dogs love this park.
It's really great and has 3 different parks.
Very big and spacious my Great Dane gets to gallop around.

We just found the Heritage Bark Park a few days ago.
We moved to the Racetrack/Burkholder area a month ago from Green Valley.
My wife said she'd seen a sign for a dog park, and decided to take our dogs for a walk and explore.
She found the Bark Park, and was so excited, she had to send me a text message, including a picture of Barcules!
We took our two Pembroke Welsh Corgis to the park yesterday morning, and I was absolutely thrilled!
It's not necessary that I write about the details of the park, as others have done that already.
But I do think it's worth noting that the facilities are the nicest I have ever seen at a dog park, the seating areas (with covers to keep the sun away), the water features (which I have yet to actually experience), the walking trails, and the trees.
I agree with others that as the trees mature, it will be an even better experience.
I was absolutely thrilled at the quality of the park.
One reviewer complained about 'blowing dirt', but I didn't see evidence of that at all.
The grass is in fine shape (it IS a dog park, after all), almost like a putting green.
We met a bunch of nice people and some cool dogs.
Everyone was cordial, and we seemed to be accepted right away.
Plenty of people bring water bowls for their dogs, and we were happy to see that all the dogs there seemed to be accepted by everyone; you don't have to limit your dog to YOUR water dish!
We found the everyone was very aware of the need to clean up after their dogs, and it certainly seems like everyone wants to keep the park up to a high standard.
There appears to be plenty of lighting available, but we haven't yet experienced the park in the dark.
I'm sure we will.
A pair of very nice ladies told us that as the heat begins to kick in, the 'regulars' come to the park earlier and earlier to avoid the heat of the day.
I expect we will be regulars at this wonderful park.
While we are within walking distance, (1/2 - 3/4 of a mile) driving access is very easy, parking is a breeze, and all the facilities are very well maintained.
I haven't yet used the human bathrooms, but if they are as nice as the rest of the park, they must be great.
The place is huge, and can accommodate a lot of dogs.
If you've not had a chance to check it out, you need to bring your doggies and experience this wonderful park!

This place was amazing!
We drove from sunmerlin and it was worth it!
Water park enclosed with 3 huge other enclosed GRASS areas for all dogs, small, and big!
As well as anothe area not gated with water spouts!
Our pups loved it

This park is fantastic!
I live almost 30 minuets away with many dog parks in between and I will make the trek out here at least once a week.
There are small, large, and mixed dog park areas, all separate, and dived by 25+ and below.
The mixed area has an agility course set up.
There is even a water park to cool the dogs down in the hot summer months.
All 3 areas are grass with small areas of gravel and plenty of covered and shaded seating.
Everyone here is very friendly and the park is never empty but not packed, great amount of dogs and people.
The park is kept clean and provides water fountains and doggy bags.
This is easily the best dog park in Vegas, come check it out

We live 30 minutes away and it's always worth the drive.
Huge clean safe dog park!
It's nice they have 3 separate areas too; one for large dogs; one for small-medium dogs; and a general area that includes the agility training.
All three are big.
Drinking fountains turned on to accommodate your dog, trees for shade, sitting benches, friendly responsible dog owners too.
Adjacent to these dog parks is the kids park down the walking path too.

