Photographer was professional and extremely helpful.
She is good at making people feel at ease and knowing how to get the best shot.
My wedding pictures bring me right back to the day, I cant wait to show them off for years to come.

I love Emotions of Lights, and the personal service they give!
They did my sons graduation photos, and everyone wants to know who did them.
They took the time to find out what his passions are, and incorporated them into his photos.
We are very please and you will love their work!

I became concerned that my mother was getting older, and I did not have a great photo.
When I contacted Emotions of Light, the photographer had such great ideas, I listened to her ideas than going with mine.
The end results were fabulous.
She even took several of me with my mother.
Mom cherishes those also.
I could not be happier.

I cannot say enough about Emotions of Light Portraiture.
Their pictures are more then just a photo they are pieces of art.
They are professional in their work and techniques.
I get compliments on our "art" hanging on our walls all the time.
The family photos are unique and I am happy that I have memories of my family captured.
In addition, to the quality of work they are so friendly and you never feel like a number as you do in some studios.
Trust me....she is worth every dime!!!
NO studio could ever accomplish what she can do!
I highly recommend this studio to everyone I know.

I've been an Emotions of Light client for a while now and I couldn't be happier.
The sessions are very personal and fun.
I love that the portraits are natural and candid.
They have many great ideas and even better prices.
Highly recommend!

I have been using Emotions of Light for over a decade!
They are a perfect mix of professional and personable, making all feel comfortable during our sessions.
Angel is amazing, she actually waded into 4 feet deep ocean surf just to get the most beautiful shot.
Love them!

The best photograher!
Professional.
Patient.
Does what she says she's going to do and stands behind her work.
A rare find.
Highly recommend!
My customers LOVE her work.
She's magic with pets!

Angel has been taking pictures at various times over the last year of my dogs.
I have had different photographers take pictures over the years and Angel's pictures of been the best.
The last set of pictures she took at a park are my favorite pictures taken by anyone.
She has gotten my fur babies personalities  and has great patience.
We are already planning pictures for the fall.
He prices are very reasonable and I have been getting tins with pictures on them to go with the theme of the pictures which is part of the price.
I highly recommend Emotions of Light.
You won't be disappointed.

