came here on monday for their soft opening after driving by it a few times.
being a regular waxer i was excited there was a new place (with a fun name!
) within walking distance from my house.
with the prices i knew i had to give it a try.
i called and made an appt to test the place out on their opening day.
i walked in monday morning and was greeted by a few employees.
everyone was friendly.
they had some water (which was great since i walked) and another drink along with some coffee.
i filled out my paperwork for new clients within 5 minutes greeted by Ashlee who was doing my work.
She was nice and had me at ease feeling comfortable as it was our first time meeting and she was seeing my "birthday suit.
" i learned they use hard wax which wasn't too bad.
the pain was bearable and ashlee kept me focused on talking to her and not so much on the waxing.
the whole process took about 15 - 20 minutes.
i found out they do a 5 day touch up incase you have some left or aren't pleased with the service.
(most salons i have never heard that before so that is a bonus.
) i did notice quite a few leftovers but fixed it up myself.
stacey (the owner) emailed me asking how my service was and what i thought of the salon.
i explained to her what happened and how i was displeased with having leftovers (is it weird for you to hear me call them leftovers?
i don't know whatelse to call them.
) and she was willing to fix it.
i can tell she is eager to get her salon out there with a great name.
i support that.
i say give this place a try.
i am willing to go back in a few weeks and try it one more time.
i will keep you yelpers updated!

This is the first time I got a Brazilian with hard wax and in my opinion it is less painful then soft wax.
I usually go to my regular spot in Summerlin however wanted to find something closer.
I found this place on Yelp plus they offer $20 Brazilian for 1st time clients.
I gave it a try and I liked it.
The place is decorated nicely and they even have a play area for your kids.
I will come back again.
My esthetician was Portia, she was sweet and fun to chat with!

Loved it!
Clean, professional atmosphere and resonably priced.
Industry employees get an additional 10 percent off of services.
I have been getting brazilians since I was 18 and tried my fair share in Vegas, first time I have felt comfortable getting a brazilian on an establishment for the first time...
I hope that makes sense PORTIA was amazing!!!!!
5 star service

Love The Birthday Suit!
Super nice new shop and Stacey is the best.
She makes you feel comfortable and keeps you relaxed while she does her thing.
First time clients get a Brazillian for $20!
and after is still only $35.
I have paid more before and not gotten the wonderful service I got here.
I will be back for sure.

Make me beautiful......  Dr. McNamara,"Tell me what you don't like about yourself" Me,"My body hair.
I'm like the Vanilla Gorilla.
"  Well I found a fabulous place that is happy to take it all away at a very reasonable price.
I checked in at the front desk and was greeted by a sweet girl who handed me the new client paperwork.
After filling it out I didn't wait more than two minutes before Stacey took me back.
The room was super dim which I appreciate and Stacey made me as comfortable as I could possibly be for being half naked in a frog position in front of someone I just met and getting a Brazilian.
It was cool.
She used only hard wax and explained to me that it's safer, etc.
Again, cool.
Although it wasn't the best wax I've ever had she rubbed this cooling green gel on it and advised me to buy it.
I did watch she said because I am far from a wax or vagina expert.
25 minutes later I left satisfied with my wax.
Now on to the gel stuff I purchased.
WOW.
I have not fallen in love with a product like this since my Netty Pot.
The gel is called Prince Reign and I will never go a day without it!
I have ZERO razor burn or redness and I haven't been able to say that since I started shaving at the tender age of 13.
I use it under my arms and bikini area and it has changed the condition of my skin.
I would do a commercial with before and after pictures if I could.
The best part is it was under $25.
Stacey said that men use it on their face and back, etc.
too.
It's also on Oprah's O List which I really don't want to know what Oprah does with it.
Maybe she eats it.
Regardless, It's crack juice for my treasure!
Lol.
Wait, that surely didn't sound right.
You get the point.
I went back a few days later for a touch up on my wax because this salon is THAT cool that they have a FIVE DAY TOUCH UP FOR FREE policy!!!!
Unbelievable.
No other salon I've been to offer this.
Again, I saw Stacey and she took ten minutes to just touch it up and it didn't hurt one bit.
More than satisfied with my experience as a whole now.
I'm sold on this place and look forward to coming back every 3 weeks to keep my business so fresh and so clean, clean;)

came back yesterday for a visit with Stacey, the owner.
MUCH BETTER!
it was quick and as painless as possible.
i am proud to report that she left no leftovers either.
i believe i will be coming back to see her.
very friendly and very quick.
it actually reminded me of Bliss Spa where I use to go back in NYC.
a few quick strips and i was out of there.
the front desk girl was friendly and welcoming.
a different girl from last time.
go give it a try.
you can't beat the price.
def book with Stacey.
she knows what she is doing and don't forget to RSVP for the event here next week.
a great deal to get a credit for coming and checking out the salon with yelp.
also, don't forget 20 dollar brazilians for first time clients and 35 dollar for returning ones.
you also get a 5 day grace period if you aren't pleased to come back.
can't beat that!

Tried the Birthday Suit for the first time this week and was very impressed with the warm and compassionate treatment I received by the owner.
She is terrific -- and an inspirational person, too.
Not only that - but the quality of the service I received was  outstanding.
Stacey is candid, honest and compassionate.
She has a lot of integrity, too.
I told her I felt the shape of my brcws was a bit thick for my face and asked if she could thin them out.
She advised against it and explained why.
I have a lot of respect for that!
She could have just taken my money - but didn't!
Great atmosphere, too...even a room where kids can watch videos.
I've only been once, but it seemed like they have a nice referral program and a low-key style that encourages repeat business (packages/etc) but never makes one feel pressured or uncomfortable.

I decided to try this place out after reading reviews and seeing the $20 deal for first time clients.
It was one of the least painful waxings I've ever had!!
I highly recommend this spot.
Very clean and friendly staff.
I'm from out of town but will definitely be back and will tell all my girls about The Birthday Suit.
Minus 1 star since I still had some wax on me when I got home but it came off easily.

This is the first time I've been waxed minus the time my husband tried to to do it for me!
I was expecting excruciating pain and I was really nervous about getting it done.
While I was waiting I kept thinking back to the movie 40 Year Old Virgin when he was getting waxed.
I was hoping it wouldn't hurt that bad!!
Stacey (the owner) did my wax job and she did a fabulous job keeping my mind occupied so I wouldn't tense up so much.
It really helped that she was talking through the whole procedure because sometimes I didn't even notice that hair was coming off until the last second lol.
It was definitely a success!
When I told some of my friends and co workers that the regular charge for a Brazilian at The Birthday Suit is $35.00 they were amazed because they said this type of service usually costs $60-$80.
I love getting good service and such a great price!

Such a great experience!
I found The Birthday Suit on Yelp and went in for a Brazilian while I was in Vegas for a weekend.
Stacey (the owner, who was out front) was super-friendly and understanding that I was late (it's a bit off the strip), and Ashley, who did my wax, was incredibly nice, fun to talk to, and thorough.
The wax itself was the most painless I've experienced (and I've tried a lot of places!
), which Ashley said was because they use a kind of hard wax that doesn't stick to the skin.
Cannot recommend enough and next time I'm in Vegas I'm definitely going back!

This was my first ever "trip to Brazil".
Having the CMYE here prior to my appointment was great as it really helped me relax since I knew better what to expect, had already met Stacey, etc.
Plus, with the Yelp Elite Rockstar event tonight, I figured what better way to get my rockstar on than getting the full Brazilian.
Stacey was fantastic.
She made me feel very comfortable and talked to me all the way through it.
Surprisingly, it wasn't really awkward at all - and that had a lot to do with Stacey and how friendly she is.
When laying down so exposed, you don't want it to be all no-nonsense business-like.
And yes, it did hurt.
However, it's quick and was WAY less painful than what I was expecting.
I also really appreciated how Stacey explained things about how the hair will grow back, how the first time is the hardest, 3rd time will be much better, etc., etc.
Stacey also let me know that I could come in a few days later for a clean-up if so desired.
When I went to check-out, there was some problem with the credit card machine.
And instead of it being a frustrating process or the receptionist saying "there's an ATM across the street" or something, they just went ahead and comped my service.
And then Stacey sent me a message on Yelp shortly after apologizing for the inconvenience.
And really it was no inconvenience at all and the fact that they just comped it totally impressed me.
Absolutely superb customer service!
And I feel really guilty that I didn't have any cash for a tip.
:(  The space itself is really nice.
It's small, comfortable, and non-intimidating.
And for busy moms on-the-go, they even have a children's room.
And the prices just can't be beat.
Being a prior virgin to waxing, I can't say I'm overly familiar with it all, but in the searching I've done, The Birthday Suit almost seems like a bargain.
$20 Brazilian for first-time customers and $35 regularly.
And when you check-in on Yelp, you get a free travel-size bottle of one of their body washes.
And be sure to grab one of their free car air fresheners on your way out - it smells great and it's a coupon for 10% of your next service.
All in all, I am a total fan.
Everything about my experience was fantastic.
I think I just might be officially a convert to waxing.
And I will definitely be coming back to The Birthday Suit for all my waxing needs.
I really truly couldn't be happier with my experience here.
And now I guess I better be careful, afterall as Samantha on Sex in the City said: "That's the thing about the Brazilian.
It makes you do crazy things.
You have to be very careful who you invite to Brazil.
" ;)

Excellent experience.
Like other reviewers, this was my first time to try out the Brazilian.
Ashlee was very friendly, approachable and she talked me through each step.
She made me feel at ease in an otherwise awkward situation!
Yes, there were a few areas that hurt, but overall it was WAY better than I thought it would be.
Trust me, if you are thinking of trying the Brazilian, do it!!
It is not as bad as some people would have you believe...I should have done this ages ago!!
I guess I just needed the right place to go to and this is the place!!
Stop reading and go get your peekachoo done!

The Birthday Suit has the cheapest waxing prices in town that I have found.
Sometimes that is a great reason to give a company your business.
Other times, it's a sign that you should run away, and fast.
I am happy to report that The Birthday Suit offers great services, by friendly staff, at fantastic prices  $35 for a Brazilian ($20 if you are a new client) is crazy cheap, there are places in Vegas charging $50+ and people think THAT is cheap...
I had plans to check TBS out for a while, and then I attended the CMYE and decided that my next waxing experience would definitely be with them.
And then, I procrastinated on making an appointment.
And procrastinated some more.
And even more...
But once I decided to call and see when I could make an appointment, I was pleasantly surprised that not only could they see me the same day, but they could also take care of me during my lunch break.
I arrived a few minutes early for my appointment, filled out a quick questionnaire and helped myself to some water while I waited.
Stacy, the owner, is who my appointment was with.
She was very friendly, after 15 minutes of interacting with her, I felt like I was with someone I had known for years.
Now, I won't BS you, getting a Brazilian hurts, particularly if you do not do so on a regular basis.
Having someone that you can talk with to distract yourself from both the pain and the fact that you are semi-nude with someone all up in your ladyjunk is extremely helpful.
As  she finished grooming me, Stacey let me know that if I had any issues with stragglers, I could come back in within 5 days and she'd fix me right up...
I don't think I will need to take advantage of the grace period but knowing I can if I need to is awesome.
Will I be back?
Well, The Birthday Suit has a frequent waxer program where you get your 10th service free if you purchase 9 in a 12 month period.
So you can bet on it!

Holy cow.
I'm quite certain that Stacey was granted magical waxing powers.
This was the best experience receiving a Brazilian I have ever had.
I called this morning at 9 AM asking for an appointment with Stacey and they were able to fit me in at 9:40.
Perfect!
I clambered onto the table and Stacey began.
As she's pulling, I felt almost nothing so I thought she was doing the less painful areas.
About 5 minutes in, I looked down and saw I'm almost done.
What?!
This was a fantastic surprise because of my last experience with another waxing joint where I left almost crying from excruciating pain.
A couple minutes later, she said she was done so I look at my watch.
Stacey said she likes to stay within the 12 minute range and she definitely made her mark.
This place is perfect.
The service is as painless as it gets, they are super quick, and nice!
What more do you want?
They have my loyalty for any future waxing services.
Don't forget to check in and get a free exfoliating body wash.

At the risk of TMI, I've had good and bad waxing experiences, including burns on my legs from a nail place.
I know what works and what doesn't, and this place works!
Not only is it conveniently located, but $20 cheaper than other comparable waxing spas.
There was a slightly awkward moment at the start of the treatment.
I'm used to the specialist leaving the room for you to undress, but here, she was still prepping the wax, so I undressed with her in the room.
Not a big deal, really, since she's going to see "all that" anyways.
The service itself was quick and painless.
Really.
The specialist was friendly, talkative and clean.
She used a new stick for the was, and all her tools looked clean.
Afterwards, I'm used to getting a cloth or paper towel with grapeseed oil to get rid of the little sticky bits from soft waxes.
Since The Birthday Suit uses a hard wax, there were no sticky bits!
Added bonuses -  no rash and super-soft skin!
There's a little bit of promo for products, but nothing over the top.
Great experience, and I'll certainly be back.

I was introduced to TBS and their wonderful crew at the CMYE.
Prior experiences with waxing were with soft wax which is far more painful and irritating for those with sensitive skin, like me.
I was thrilled to learn TBS uses hard wax, and offers very affordable pricing.
I gave up the razor and made an appt.
I saw Portia on my first visit.
She was friendly and quickly put me at ease.
My skin is really only good at one thing, being irritated, and it proved to be the case once again.
But rather than collect every last hair she let it be and told me to come back in a couple days to finish.
I really appreciated this, I rather not be an inflammed and rashy mess.
I bought the scrub and prince reign to better my results.
Stacy also came up and gave me samples of another cream that works wonders for sensitive skin, she uses it herself.
I thought that was really nice.
I returned a few days later, I met with Stacy and she had me in and out in ten minutes.
Irritation was minimal and I was nice and smooth the next day.

I love this place!
Thanks to the yelp event here, I learned about this lovely salon.
It has it all - a great atmosphere, friendly people, quality service, and VERY reasonable prices.... not to mention all of the deals and special bonus offers!
I've had Stacey both times, and she's just great.
So professional, but fun to chat with.
I feel like we're BFFs already.
I'm sure the other ladies have covered most of the details (it's hard wax, not "strip wax", which I love; they'll do touch-ups if need be up to 5 days later; they are open pretty late, which is great for those of us who work til 6 or 7.
)  I got a sweet "first timer" deal on my Brazilian for my birthday.
They also do bundled deals on multiple waxes (check out the "Spring Cleaning", Sasquatch ladies) that will save you a ton of money!

What makes The Birthday Suit unique is that THEY CARE.
I have been to countless salons where you are just a number or they look at your ticket see your name and pretend they remember you.
Stacy will always remember you and it makes going to your next visit like visiting a friend not just going to another appointment.
Where do I start, have to say the customer service.
I have seen Stacy every time and she is simply amazing.
She is so friendly and makes you feel so comfortable (when you would think being  1/2 naked on a table baring all you wouldn't be).
I have been waxing for years back in my home town but the wax that is use here much better and less painful.
Stacy takes pride in her work and does such a great job even with my stubborn leg hairs, I am a challenge and she wins every time!
Knowing you can go back if you ever need a touch up is great, but I have yet needed to go back.
The children's room is such a great idea for those moms just wanting to keep up with waxing without the expense of a sitter, A+ for that idea.
They have great products from the body scrub (that I use daily) to the lotion that actually moisturizes and all great prices and there is always a deal going on you can catch for a discount.
Prices are very reasonable and no excuse to not afford it because they have countless deals and promotions, check them out on FaceBook or just call for deals.
This Yelper Highly Recommends The Birthday Suit

Called and spoke with Nicole, who was very pleasant and was able to schedule my appointment that day in my time frame.
I was greeted as soon as I entered the business.
I was asked to complete some very minimal paperwork.
Jasmine came to the desk and walked me to the treatment room.
Everything was very clean and orderly.
She asked ne a few questions as I undressed.
She continued to talk to me as she performed my wax, helping me relax.
The entire process lasted less than 20 minutes.
Overall, a very pleasant experience.
Scheduled my next appointment with ease.
Very satisfied with my services today.

Called at 8:30 this morning, crossing my fingers that there was an opening with the much reviewed Stacy.
Luckily I was able to get in at 9:30.
Was greeted by the girls at the desk, filled out paperwork and was seen immediately by Stacy.
Hands down one of the best waxing expereinces I have had in Vegas.
She is genuinely a good person who also provided some aftercare tips with out being the typical "pushy sales woman"   $20 for new clients & then $35 after that?!
Cheapest in Vegas but the work that is being done at this super cute spot is fantastic!!
Oh & industry ladies get 10% off!
Not only will I refer every woman I know, I will also be booking my appointment every 4 weeks for as long as this place is open =)   Make your appointment, you won't regret it!

I came here last week for a facial just to check it out and I'm hooked!
It was $40 for 40 minutes of relaxation .
I've only had a facial a couple times in my life and this was the best one I've had.
The others I've had were more clinical where you sit in a chair while they remove your blackheads.
This was cool because you lay on a table with a soft velour robe while they work on your face you listen to relaxing music.
They also massage your upper back , hands, and arms.
I loved that they do that because since I'm hunched over a computer for most of the day it was much needed.
I can seriously give up Starbucks for this and come here after work to relax!

Since I went to PK (Pretty Kitty), I wanted to try someplace new (to keep my options open) and the homies (and homegirl, Jae G.) over at Tasty Bunz recommemded this place because TB was at their grand opening.
My lady's name was Stacy and she was suuuuuuuuuuuuper nice.
None stop talking and that always makes me comfortable.
Frankly, you forget where you are and what they're doing to you.
They use hard wax which is different from PK in that there's no strips and they just wait for the wax to harden.
Other than the crazy first time price of $20, they best part of this spot is that they're open super early: 8:30.
Which for me is perfect because when I'm up early (which I usually am), I like to get my day started with errands.
And at that time, the only things I could do is go to Walmart or the post office.
Guess we can add The Birthday Suit to the list!

Best service, best wax job, everyone pleasant, professional and very clean place, my new place for all of my waxing needs.
highly suggest you check it out.

Let's face it, no one really enjoys making small talk with someone while they are pouring hot wax on your who-ha but Stacey at The Birthday Suit was the absolute exception to the rule (I'm sure the Xanex I took before the appointment helped too!).
She was funny, smart, VERY talented and didn't make me feel like a weirdo.
We talked the whole time and the wax was extremely quick and efficient.
I had never experienced hard wax before and I did like it and found it less painful than strip wax.
I made my second appointment immediately (which was easy since they have amazing hours and cheap since this is, by far the cheapest Brazilian I have found in the valley) and absolutely will be back.

So normally, I am quite a shy person, and I admit that the thought of a Brazilian terrified me, but right from the first minute I stepped into the Birthday Suit I was made to feel comfortable.
All the girls at the front desk are super polite and attentive.
Stacey always keeps me relaxed and laughing.
I will definitely be back!

First off, I called in the early afternoon and they were able to get me in the same day, which is really hard to believe because I don't see how this place isn't constantly packed all day long...maybe i just lucked out!
This place is super cute and really clean.
As soon as I walked in and finished the paperwork, she was already ready for me to come back, so I had zero wait time.
This was my first Brazilian after a six year gap (a couple bad experiences had driven me away), so obviously we were starting from scratch.
Let me just say that Stacey has restored my faith in bikini waxing!
The entire appointment took like 20 minutes, tops.
Pain?
Yes, but completely bearable, and definitely the LEAST painful of all of my waxing experiences.
These are also pretty amazing prices.
$35 for a Brazilian?
That's almost half the price of most places in the valley.
a great experience for a great deal!
Needless to say, I booked my next appointment before walking out the door, then ended up calling to book a facial with them a few hours later.
I'll be back here again and again!

I've been a recurring customer to TBS and I love it here.
The staff is super friendly and very knowledgeable in what they do.
The owners themselves are also super nice and they're always around to greet you when you walk in.
Jasmine is the staff member who did my waxing.
She's amazing at doing my eyebrows and she also did my Brazilian full).
The only thing keeping me from 5 starring this place is that they only use one type of hard wax for the entire Brazilian (the other place I go to uses 2, one specifically for the inside skin and the other for the outside skin) and there was a bit more pull to this wax than I'm used to.
I was kind of disappointed that my waxer didn't go inside to wax the rest of the hair, it seemed as though she were afraid to go any further.
The method that they did my backside was also different.
For the price, it was fine but I may just go back to my previous place for the Brazilian.
The rest of the waxing options here are great though!
Location is great and easy availability!
Definitely recommend you guys to check this place out!

So when reading this review I recommend that you also check out my review of the Pretty Kitty just to get an idea of the trauma I went thru.
Id like to first thank Stacey for a couple reason.
She took me in even though she knew I had been a poor battered "kitty".
She had tons of patience with me even though I flinched at every whip of the stick of wax.
She constantly reminded me to breath and relax, talking the entire time.
My lady parts were NOT swollen, irritated, rashy, bumpy, or even red for that matter.
It was so awesome, I went from fearing the wax to loving it.
I now know that this is what it should be like.
The wax at this establishment is a bit different then most.
It is a hardening wax that grabs the hairs which means there is no muslin strips being used.
Id definitely recommend this place to any of my friends.
Don't forget to check in on yelp for a free scrub!

Truly a 5 star experience.
Only good things to say about this wonderful waxing spa.
As a first timer to waxing, I was definitely a bit nervous because I didn't know what to expect from the entire experience.
First of all, don't believe all the pain (only a 4 on a scale of 10) and secondly make sure you have a great waxer.
This waxing spa offers both!!!
Stacey was easy going and amazing to talk to, and their wax is a hard wax so it's easier to remove and gentler on sensitive skin.
Very professional decor and sweet.
So ladies, don't worry about feeling awkward or nervous, they'll take great care of you.
The receptionist, Nicole, was a sweetie!
She helped me book another appointment and was easy to talk to while I filled out paperwork.
She even helped me find out if their Ingrown Hair product tested on animals!
It truly felt like they cared for every customer that came in.
She was so nice to customers who called in and was ever so polite when she stepped out from the desk to help others!
Overall, everyone was so personable and made me feel so comfortable.
Best costumer service, not just on a spa level, but as brand representatives and they make you feel welcome... no fake attitudes!
LOVE IT!!!!
I got a great experience, an amazing wax, and even a goodbye hug!
Why are you reading reviews still?
GO BOOK AN APPOINTMENT!

Wow!
Is the first thing that comes to mind when writing about this place.
I went for my 1st lady parts maintenance ever and was scared beyond belief.
After doing a lot of research on numerous places I went with here.
Reasons being the price and the vibe I got when I called.
When I called, Stacey was informative and had a great sense of humor.
(I kind of look at it like a date.
If you don't have a good personality why would I let you go down there?
) And by far their prices are the most reasonable I could find.
She knew it was my first time and put me quickly to ease.
I get my eyebrows threaded and tear up more with that than I did this.
She chatted the whole time which took my mind off of things.
It's been almost 2 hours and haven't experienced the slightest bit of discomfort.
I may be a Brazilian addict because of her now.
You can tell she takes great pride in what she does and is so humble about how well she is doing with her new business.
Best of all she appreciates her clients.
The Birthday Suit is 20 miles from my house but very much worth the drive.
I feel like I should buy her a drink after our very intimate experience.
Thank you for the awesome job Stacey!
I can't wait to show my husband face down on the concrete :p  P.S.
another thing I loved about her was I brought up a couple other places I checked into for my wax and she spoke so kindly about them!
That is so professional and great business practice in my opinion.
I am so glad I went here.

Ok, let me preface this by saying that, despite my good intentions, rarely do I actually get around to writing reviews.
I'm a busy gal, but if I didn't say something about The Birthday Suit, I just couldn't live with myself.
So, here goes.
I've had a couple of brazilians before, so it wasn't my inaugural experience.
It had been quite awhile...I admit, I've grown a wee bit lazy in my long term relationship.
My BFF had a hot date, so I recommended that she FINALLY try getting a brazilian instead of torturing herself with the razor.
I promised her I would go and get one done too, for moral support and all.
And, like I said....it had been a while for me.
You don't wanna know how long.
We decided to try out The Birthday Suit, when we received their flyer in the mail advertising....wait for it....the first brazilian for $20!!!!
I did a double take...that price is unheard of.
The lowest I've ever paid for a brazilian was 45, and the regular price at TBS is $35!
Too good to be true?
I was skeptical.
So I popped onto Yelp to do my research.
I found nothing but rave review after rave review for TBS.
So I called and booked two appointments for my bestie and me.
We arrived at TBS and were greeted by the sweetest receptionist, whose name escapes me.
She made us feel very welcome, and was super patient with all of our questions.
Stacey came out to greet us next, and I was totally impressed that she recognized my face and remembered my name from my Facebook post.
My BFF was pretty scared but I kept assuring her that it wouldn't be nearly as bad as she expected.
Stacey did not make a liar out of me.
My friend was thrilled with her waxing results, and she came out of the room with a huge smile on her face!
Then it was my turn.
Stacey was absolutely awesome.
She executed my wax with the skill of a surgeon.
It was quick and very low on the pain scale.
I love that they use hard wax.
I've tried both kinds of wax, and have always favored the hard wax.
It seems to hurt less, and doesn't irritate as much as the soft wax and muslin strips.
The best part was that right off the bat, I felt like I was hanging out with an old friend.
It never even occurred to me that I was spread eagle in front of a stranger.
Stacey had me cracking up and I felt so comfortable with her!
She has a great sense of humor and is super professional.
I threw in a lip and eyebrow wax too, both turned out beautifully.
I was done in under 20 minutes, and as I was leaving I promised Stacey that I'd be back.
And I meant it.
The Birthday Suit has found a loyal client.
Make that two loyal clients.
I'm willing to bet my BFF will never go back to shaving.
I also purchased the Pink Lava exfoliating body scrub and the Prince Reigns ingrown hair serum.
Tried them both at home, and LOVE them.
I'm looking forward to my next appointment.
TBS rocks!!

I use Yelp all the time and never felt compelled to write a review before, but had such a great experience at TBS--just have to share!
First of all, even though I'm probably much older than the average client, I was a brazilian-wax virgin ... and freaking nervous to even give it a try.
But, I'm a big girl now and decided this is the time to go for it.
After researching a bunch of places, I selected TBS and Stacey, especially because of the fabulous ratings on Yelp.
Considering the way she would reply to reviewers, I figured she was a classy lady, which is important to me as I'm baring everything intimate to a virtual stranger ...
I'm even tentative with my OB-Gyn.
Sure enough, Stacey's a very cool and classy lady and her waxing spa mirrored her class act--it's extremely clean, set up for the customer's privacy and comfort, with a contemporary upbeat and positive vibe.
Stacey made me feel comfortable from the start--we chatted like friends who were catching up, despite the exposed position you're in while chatting LOL.
I was in and out of there quickly, yet never felt rushed and her work was so precise.
I took a couple of extra-strength tylenol before going in, nothing else -- and honestly all I felt was a couple of momentary stings.
I had experienced more hurt and inflammation with the old strip style bikini wax, but this hard-wax full brazilian was relatively painless and carefree for me!
Plus, I love that Prince Reigns serum--I had NO redness, no bumps--amazing!
(Yes, Stacey, I know, I don't need to use a lot, just a tiny pump.
See?
I was paying attention to your after-wax instructions.
)  Also, just a note: they don't push any products on you, but they sure have some good stuff, nice specials, a 5-day free touch-up (if you need it, I didn't) and extremely reasonable pricing.
Mahalo, TBS and Stacey, for being the absolute best!

What can I say?!
I was definitely "wowed"!
Being a first timer I did some serious research before deciding where to go.
And everything about The Birthday Suit fit what I was looking for.
Hard wax, close to my house, and even reasonably priced.
Not to mention the A-MAZE-ING reviews here on yelp!
I made my appointment the day before and got in no problem.
The staff was friendly and helpful.
Stacey was my waxer and she made me feel really comfortable and even walked me through the entire process.
I definitely plan to go back and I already have started to tell friends about my awesome experience!

I checked in here on Yelp and got my $20 wax.
This is by far the best waxing boutique I've been to.
It was very clean and welcoming.
My esthetician is JASMINE!
She was friendly, professional,  quick, and gentle.
I really like that they used just wax instead of the strips to get the job done quick and was less painful.
She did a amazingly clean job and even told me if I had any missed hairs 5 days later,  they will touch it up COMPLIMENTARY.
They know how to retain their clients,  and they just made me a loyal customer  =]

I love this place,  its a far drive for me but so worth it!
Prices are awesome!
Never again european wax center and body spa west!
I found a winner!
I love how they have a little play room for the kiddies.

Recommended!
Really want to try their ingrown hair serum when I get the chance.
Best deal on the strip!

I am so glad I finally caved in & checked this place out!
I went today, Stacey was my waxer, she is so sweet & makes you feel completely comfortable.
It was my first time getting a brazilian, so I was a little apprehensive.
It doesnt hurt as bad as you think its going to!
I recommend purchasing the products they sell also, good stuff!
:) I will definitely visit again.

TIP: Make sure you iPhone, Android users "Check-In".
I received a free 2oz bottle of exfoliating body wash when I did :)  GAH!!!
I am so dang happy!
Let me tell you WHY...  TBS has an amazing staff, friendly and knowledgable as can be.
Cute salon with tons of places to park out front.
PRICES, OH the prices!
They are beyond reasonable and nothing that I've ever seen, locally.
They had a special (coupon in ValPak) for Brazilians for first time clients, $20...
I did a double take, "Wait, what?!
" so OF COURSE I wanted to try them out!
Prices for this particular job are ridiculous here in Vegas so to see the price that I was used to in San Diego, I was overly excited to try them.
The only thing that I was a bit apprehensive about what the fact that they use a hard wax... Portia, my "Waxer", explained the difference since I had no idea as to what I was getting myself into.
"The wax that other salons use, the one where they lay a strip of fabric on top of the wax and pull, is different in that with hard wax you lay the wax on the area to be waxed, it hardens and you pull the wax off.
Hard wax adheres to the hair, not the skin, so it is less painful.
" So I then thought to myself, "Damn, wtf, why don't other salons use this kind of wax?!".
COMPARE: The soft wax method tends to make me feel like they are pulling off my skin as apposed to the hard wax, you can kinda feel the hairs being plucked out of your skin.
VERDICT: Results were pretty much the same except...
The hard wax left me tolerable to my jeans that I as wearing.
If it was the soft wax, I would've been so damn swollen that I would have wished that I was wearing a peasant skirt.
Return clients for the same service are $35, which is still a damn steal if ya ask me!
5 Stars all around, service, staff, I LOVE this location, I think I'm done "trying" other places.
I'll be back.

Finally tried this place out and I'm so glad I did.
I have a new favorite place to get my wax done.
Jasmine was my tech and she was great - kept the conversation going the entire time and made me forget about what was going on.
Actually loved the wax - I'm usually really red and irritated after but was fine after today's wax.
Best prices in town which will allow me to get waxes on a better schedule.
I will be back!!

I must say i went the Yelp event for this place and i did go back with the $35 credit where I was told I was not entitiled to a free eyebrow wax as it says on their website and the flyer I had gotten...
I Had my eye brows waxed and must say was not impressed... it didn't even look like they were different from before...
I more then likely will not go back there for a wax seeing how its 30 mins away and was told how amazing it was... definitley not an amazing experience...

Finally a reasonably priced place to get the landscaping under control!
I have been trying to find a good place since I've moved to Vegas...
I finally found it!
The tech's are great.
Very personable and put you at ease right away...they walk you through the entire procedure and make sure you are comfortable the entire time.
I am glad I found this place!

My first time at The Birthday Suit, and my first good experience with a super-private-type waxing.
Jennifer was my waxer today.
She took the time to explain every step of the process and frequently checked in with me to make sure I was doing a-okay.
She filled the time between with easy conversation.
I was happy with my service and the free 2 oz body wash I got for checking in on Yelp during my visit.
Also, the place is very clean and the staff was all very nice and welcoming.

i LOVE LOVED LOVED this place.
the staff was super nice!
and my waxer made me feel so comfy from the very beginning.
they have a chlidrens play area, which is great for moms.
the prices are unbeatable, they even have a yearly pass for unlimited waxing for $500.
i cant get over how great this place is.
i highly recommend it!

Update: I've been here a number of times.
Last June I bought the special lower leg wax.
Not a single person told me that these expire one year from date purchased!
Well I got busy and was out of town a lot and had a baby so I was understandably unable to use them (would have if I knew they expired!!!).
I won't be back to spend more money when they basically stole over $100 from me.
Great waxing experience.
Bad customer service experience!
I used to have my legs waxed here every three weeks.
They were professional and nice.

I'm in my 40's and never had my eyebrows professionally "plucked" so it was a fun experience for me because it literally took less than 15 minutes and as a new customer it was complementary just to try out their service.
Jasmine the esthetician was pleasant and professional and the receptionist was helpful having me check in with yelp to get the free sample of exfoliating body wash using yelp.
They even have a toy drive that if you bring in a toy, they give you a discount $ for the price of the toy.
I love businesses that give back.

excellent service and excellent prices!

I am so glad I found this place!
They have amazing customer service and Jennifer did  an excellent job with my eyebrows!
The prices were reasonable and your first visit was "comped" (free complimentary).
The atmosphere is friendly, inviting, and they even have a play room for your little ones to hang out in.
Will definitely come back when I am back in LV!

After contemplating if I should check out The Birthday Suit, I finally did.
I am very satisfied with my choice.
It's nice because it's close to home.
The ambience is warming.
Customer service is great and the prices are very affordable.
They offer specials so look out for that especially if you're a first timer.
Jasmine is my aesthetician and she is friendly, knowledgeable, and professional.
She made me feel comfortable during my waxing time.

My wife went there yesterday.
Landing strips rule!
I friggin love that place!

I have gone to this waxing salon about three times because it is right in my area and convenient to my house.
I had okay experiences the first two times, but the third was bad.
Yes the salon is cute and the front desk girl as well as my waxer were nice, but the quality of the wax and their abilities were not good.
My eyebrows were not shaped whatsoever and I had a ton of hair left over.
I had her go back and fix it while I was in the room, but just figured she knew what she was doing.
When I got home and looked into my lighting I realized I had a TON of hair left on my eyebrows not just a few to easily pluck out and my brows were still all bushy and misshapen.
I called to see if I could get a quick re-wax because I was dissatisfied and they couldn't even get me in to fix their poor work!
To me, that is just bad business to not fix a problem of a repeat costumer who has recommend people to come to the salon.
Needless to say, I will not be returning, I wasted money on my wax, and I will waste more money paying a new salon to fix their poor waxing techniques.
I will not be recommending this place to anyone in the future.

Wow, is the only word I can use to describe my experience at the Birthday Suit!
And that's a good wow!
Great place, friendly staff and the ambiance is perfect.
Stacy is AMAZING!!
What can I say other than this place is the BEST!!!

Just proudly joining the ranks of the happy (and smooth) clientele!
I've had a lot of experience waxing on my travels, and wax myself when I can, and I have to say that this place is at the top for me.
Not since being in Seattle at the Sweet Spot have I found somewhere that is this comfortable, efficient, and expedient.
The service I got was the much needed "Spring Cleaning": legs, brazilian, lip, brow, and underarms.
I added a couple of extras, and felt AMAZING afterwards.
It took less time than I thought!
I like a look on my face that is clean, but natural (I hate sharp pointy, thin eyebrows, for example) and I got it.
I had Jasmine, and she's a wizard.
She's definitely a pro.
The wax that they use is the best I've ever had applied to me: it's a great hard wax that's supple enough for all areas.
I don't know the name of it (the brand) but even Jasmine, who's done this for a while, was like "this is the best wax I've ever used.
"  Great prices, great service, great location!
Thanks, Birthday Suit!
You'll see me when I'm next in town.

I can't believe I received a quality brazilian waxing for only $20!
First time  client prices are awesome!
On top of that, regular pricing is only $35!
The place where I have gotten waxed at before charges $65.
Stacie completed my service and made me feel completely comfortable like we have known each other for years.
I really have no complaints except that I kept finding residual wax hiding out and even found some on my shirt.

Stacey is amazing!!
I was late TWICE in one day and she was still so happy and friendly (even though I felt like an ass!).
I love that they're so affordable, yet still give you the best brazilians ever.
Their location is out of the way for me but that does not matter!!!
I would drive to NORTH las vegas if I had to :)

I came here a few months ago or so for a brazilian...
The staff were nice, the atmosphere was comforting, and the prices were really good!
However...
I've gotten waxed at other places several times before, both hard and soft wax, but this time, my hair grew back way faster than all the other times, and some thicker, and seems that not everything was taken off.
It also seems like some of the hairs were broken off when pulled, rather than pulled from the roots...
I thought about going back, but I live on the opposite side of town (35+ mins) and didn't have the time or desire to drive back, so sad to say, I went back to shaving a several days to a week later.
However, I do plan on coming back to give this place another shot once its closer to spring, because you just cant beat those prices and the staff were really nice and customer service was good, so its worth another shot.

Not much to say about TBS, except that it's awesome!
Been here twice now...super nice and clean facility, very welcoming and friendly staff, excellent prices.
Ask for Stacey, she's fantastic!

Give this place a try....you will love it!
I just recently moved here and its always hard to find a new business for all your needs.
Thanks to other customer reviews on Yelp I decided to try The Birthday Suit.
I was able to make a same day appointment with Stacey.
She is wonderful, personable, and an amazing waxer!
You will not be disappointed!
Excellent prices and great first time client offers.
There is a reason they are the best in Las Vegas....check it out!

Seriously one of the best placed to go if you need a waxing.
I love that they use a hard wax!!
Truly is way better than soft.
I've been to different people for each of my appointments and they were fabulous!!
I wish I remembered all their names!!
I went to Portia for my first brazilian in a long time and she was top notch!
Very friendly and made me feel comfortable.
Also, the receptionists are great!
They truly make you feel welcome.
Plus the price is reasonable!!
I love you birthday suit because you make me look awesome in my birthday suit!!
YEEE-HAW!

Wonderful service and prices!
Jasmine is wonderful, very friendly.
My first time getting a Brazilian was a few months ago, she did a great job at talking me through it and keeping my mind distracted.
I have gone back to see her regularly ever since, I will never go anywhere else.
The actual waxing spa is very nice, and the owner of the location is very friendly as well as the rest of the staff.
I recommend this spa to anyone who is looking for any of the services they offer.

AMAZING EXPERIENCE!
I am very picky about who I let near the goods and I saw so many good reviews about this place and the first timer price of $25 was irresistible, I decided to give it a shot.
I didn't realize when I walked into TBS that I had mistakenly made my appointment for a week later, but they graciously took me in as a walk-in immediately.
Jennifer did my brazilian and immediately put me at ease and was very personable.
A major plus is that they use hard wax, the quality hard wax from France that my regular esthetician uses and I know is the best.
I was in and out of there within 15 minutes and she did a fabulous job!
I highly recommend this place!
It is a great deal and they do an amazing job.
Thank you birthday suit!

Short and sweet update for my beloved The Birthday Suit.
I'm just going to list a few things that put them in a league of their own.
BIRTHDAY BRAZILIAN- Not only did they know it was my birthday month, but they acknowledged it by saying Happy Birthday with a Brazilian for $20.
This is cool considering my first pool party for 2012 is in one week and I will be vajazzilicious!
EXTRA TOUCH (not like that you perverts)- I don't know how she does it, but Stacey, my waxing goddess seems to remember every single thing we have shared over the period of time I've been getting waxed here.
What this says to me is I am more than a vag-jay-jay.
I am a person and Stacey freaking cares about me and cares about what she does.
Exact opposite of feeling processed.
5 stars.
EXTRA SMOOTH- (Yes, pervs.
It is)  No more ingrowns since I have been coming here.
It's a Festivus miracle for sure.
Bring out the pole!
Thank you to Stacey and the rest of the friendly staff at The Birthday Suit for just being fucking awesome and for making sure I have a box that rocks!!

Love love this place!
First time I ever had a Brazilian wax was at this salon, and since then I've been hooked!
They really do a good job!
I have to admit, first time getting a Brazilian wax was pretty painful, but from then on it's a piece of cake!
Highly recommend this place:)

Read the reviews here and finally decided to give this place a try.
It's $20 for first time customers which makes it awesome for those not so sure if they wanna try this place out.
Jennifer who not only did a great job, was also very helpful in making sure I had the info on how to get the best results the next time I come back.
She knew what she was doing and did it all while making me feel comfortable.
They have products in different sizes in case you just want to try it out or buy a bigger size.
I will definitely be back here soon!

A quick update showing love to wonderful TBS!
It's like going to brunch with your girlfriend, instead of food there is wax!
(It's pretty but don't eat it!
)  Portia was my brunch buddy -aka esthetician-  yesterday and she was terrific.
And Stacey even took time out of her morning to send me an e-mail to make sure I had a great appointment.
I really appreciate the team at TBS and how they go the extra mile to make sure you feel great about your experience!

Heard about this place from a friend and am so glad she told me about it.
Who isn't picky when it comes to getting a brazilian?
...exactly.
Anyway, I scheduled an appt.
for 7pm and was given a heads up to not be late (fair enough, i hate when people are late too).
It was my first time so I got the $20 deal.
The parking lot was a bit dim but I know it was next to a Pizza Hut from looking at map here so just keep that in mind; otherwise if you're coming in during the day, you shouldn't have a problem spotting this place.
It was a pretty quick appointment (woohoo!
) and it was my first time going to a place that uses hard wax.
Just watch the video above to see what I'm talking about if you're asking yourself "what's hard wax?
" Super helpful.
Nice staff!
I had Jennifer; she was very nice and helpful (like Nikki S. said below).
I'll be coming back.
I'm even considering the VIP membership.
We'll see though.

Unfortunately, I will not be going here anymore.
I have been a loyal customer since the soft opening last year.
I use to get waxed by Portia and also Jasmine, both are friendly and great!
However, I was late 7 mins to my appointment and the receptionist was so rude to me.
I even apologized for not calling which I should have.
I asked to reschedule and she just gave me a hard time saying she needed a credit card to hold my appointment or I would need to be a walk-in client.
I don't mind leaving my credit card if that is the policy but I never left it before or never asked everytime I made my regular appointment.
She was so rude and unpleasant.
It is so unfortunate because this place is affordable, quick, clean and close by.
I even highly recomended them to all my girlfriends.
Best of luck to them however I will not be returning.

I agree with another yelper, the receptionist has a major attitude.
But the waxing was quick and relatively painless (all things considered) and the waxer was super sweet.
You can't beat the $20 first time deal and I actually like the hard wax.
The only issue I had was that there was a lot of breakage.
I mean a LOT of breakage.
Bummer.

This place rocks!
We just relocated to Las Vegas and I needed a wax bad so I thought I would try The Birthday Suit.
I have been getting waxed for 7 years and this is the best ever!
Stacey knows her stuff, it is quick and painless.
The other staff is awesome, they email you a reminder for your next appointment and give you a call.
I will not go anywhere else.
Also if you friend them on Facebook they are always running specials.
Also since I was new to the area I asked the receptionist for a nail place to get a pedicure and she reccomended a great one and Stacey reccomended a great babysitter for us to!

The Birthday Suit rocks!
I followed Stacey L. to the Birthday Suit from Euro Wax after they bumped up their prices.
TBS is most affordable, clean and convenient.
Lots of love!

After being traumatized four years ago at another salon in town specializing in Brazilian waxing, I finally got the nerve up to try it again.
The last place made me almost pass out and literally throw up it was so painful, and I couldn't wear pants afterwards for a few days.
I called and told them I was a bit nervous, and they said it would be okay, so I just went for it.
I showed up to my appointment and signed in and didn't wait long.
Got in the room with Stacey and after she said hi and introduced herself, she told me to strip.
I like being told what to do (haha) so I did and laid down.
I explained my last experience and she promised it wouldn't be like that.
Well, she was so right!
It wasn't paradise, it hurt at times, but she was quick and kept me talking and smiling and warned me when it might be a bit painful.
Stacey was so informative on everything including regrowth and when to come back and that there might be a few little strays since it was my first time in years after shaving so long.
After it was all done, I was able to move and walk and put on my clothes with no problems.
I am not very tender down there and she did a fantastic job getting just about everything.
I don't think I will ever be able to go anywhere else, and I am so amazed at how wonderful Stacey was to me.
I am no longer traumatized from bikini waxing and I plan on going back!
Thanks again Stacey and TBS for everything, I appreciate being treated kindly and helping me get over my fear!

Stacey took care of me during my pregnancy and even prepped me for the big day!
stacey really knows how to treat her clients as more than just another hairy body on the table, lol :D also the birthday suit offers a mommy brazilian special!
i still have to take advantage of it, just need to find the time.
-phew.

I just had my first ever Brazilian today.
I'm not going to lie, it hurt but the pain doesn't last long.
First of all, I came in looking a 70's porn star.
I don't normally look like that but what happened was I had first made an appointment a month ago at another wax place.
I had shaved a week prior to making that appointment so they said it would be better if I let it grow out a few more weeks.
So, while I was allowing for my "growth" I stumbled upon TBS on Yelp and read all the positive reviews and thought I should give this place a try.
Especially, for the $20 first timers rate.
Can't beat that.
I made my appointment.
I was greeted by Jasmine and she was so nice and sweet.
She explained everything she was doing.
Yes, it was painful but the results are amazing.
You can't get that with shaving.
She explained to me that it won't be as painful the next time around.
I will definately be coming back.
Thanks Jasmine, for a job well done.

Ive been here once before because of their first time client deal and I haven't been back until today.
Well now I remember why.
Once I got home I noticed not only was I sticky,but it was not smooth at all, it felt like I totally just shaved myself.
I literally had to pluck which was far more painful than the actual waxing, that I just gave up and shaved.
I guess you get what you pay for.
Never again.
I wish I did not have this problem as the shop itself and staff are very nice and inviting.

This place is friendly and great!
I came to Vegas on a whim to visit a friend, and this place was the closest waxing salon with the best reviews.
It didn't hurt that they were offering a Yelp check-in special, as well as a first-timer's special price.
I was able to book an appointment that afternoon and was tended to almost immediately.
The esthetician was very friendly and professional and did a decent job.
Just a few minor left over, but nothing to cry about.
And, she gave me some great tips on how to maintain the job.
The Yelp check-in gift was a really great bonus!
I'd definitely come here again.

Love it!
AWESOME PLACE HIGHLY RECOMMEND!

Awesome price, friendly and helpful staff, clean!, TBS please don't change, too many businesses are great in the beginning then after a while they go down hill in customer service and service provided.
So far so good.
I have been going to Birthday Suit for almost a year now and I still get the same great smiles and service.
Thank you!
I would totally recommend this place.
In fact I am not a "yelper" but Birthday Suit was that awesome that I had to write a review for them.
(This is my first every review)  I live in North Las Vegas.
There are closer places to me to get waxed but I would rather drive farther to get great service.
Again please don't change Birthday Suit.

I used to go to European Wax Center (EWC) and I loved my aesthetician Stacey at that place.
Then one day, Stacey was gone and someone else took care of me and it was a nightmare.
Never went back to EWC again.
Then, a friend told me about The Birthday Suit (TBS) and how it uses the same method as EWC (no strips).
And, TBS is close to my house and the prices are very competitive.
I checked out TBS on its website, everything was very clear.
I found out all the rules, policies, and etiquettes so no need to blow up their phones to play "20 questions".
I made my appointment for today and was totally excited to go.
When I got there, I was immediately by the receptionist, who turned out to be the owner, and she looked very familiar to me.
I asked her if she had worked elsewhere and said, "European Wax Center".
I said, "Oh my God, you are Stacey!
" Yes, it was a sweet reunion.
Jennifer was my aesthetician and she took GREAT care of me.
It's been about 8 weeks since my last waxing and it didn't hurt at all.
It was a breeze.
So, so happy a friend told me about TBS and reunited with Stacey.
The place is clean and with friendly staff and owner, plus competitive prices, and a menu with various services, this place is unbeatable.
I already set my next appointment in 4 weeks and can't wait to go back.
Kudos to Stacey to open up her own business and offering great services and competitive prices.
Thank you!

I usually go to the box to get my Brazilian waxing done and never had any problems.
I decided to try this place out cause of the $20 first timer discount, but unfortunately it will likely be my last.
First ( no specific order) I didn't like how I had to undress in front of the tech.
I know this lady is about to wax my whoha, but there is just something uncomfortable about taking your clothes off in front of someone.
In comparison other places have you undress in privacy.
Secondly they don't allow an opportunity to cleanse with a wipe or something or the sort.
I came straight from a long days work :/  Third.
The waxing was poorly done.
Many were left behind and it was more than just "baby hair" these were longer thicker than what would be considered "baby.
" those other minor things could be over looked for a job well done but the whole point is to be hair free and I was not satisfied with the results.
Other places would have gone in with tweezers.
My tech did a little but obviously missed a few.
I did like that they use hard wax.
I do prefer it the most.
Their appointment policy is a bit strict but understandable.
This place is just "okay"

Update not on a new experience, but in response to the owners comment.
First of all she noted that I was 8 minutes late to my appointment.
I was 25 MINUTES EARLY.
yes 2-5.
25 minutes.
So I wasn't commenting on the appointment policy to cry about it, just noting.
Also in those 25 minutes I was not informed of this"touch up" service or offered to freshen up in this "fully stocked" restroom.
Instead I just waited patiently for my turn on their couch browsing all the materials which is fine.
I'm offended to be told that I was "late" when I was more than on time.
I appreciate the owner's response to her clients but this response particularly agitated me and my 2 star rating holds strong.

This place is awesome the staff is super sweet and the wax they use is the best

I have loved TBS from the start and I just wanted to give a quick shout out to Beth who is AWESOME I must say.
Stacey wasn't available to wax me this time around because she just had her beautiful baby boy and I was nervous to be seen by someone else (so nervous I even considered canceling my appointment, how silly).
I was greeted by Beth with a warm smile and kindness and she made me feel so comfortable through the whole thing just like Stacey does!
Beth did an amazing job she was VERY thorough and I was really really impressed and happy.
So I just wanted to say thank you and give credit where credit is due.
Beth, Stacey and TBS staff are the best.

Best waxing experience ever!
Check in process was easy...
I walked in n was able to get service almost immediately.
Deana was very friendly n professional.
It was almost painless... :-)

Deanna did a great job.
I was in n out in 20 mins.
The first timer special was the bomb!!!
Will definitely go back even at reg price.

I have been to the Birthday Suit three times now  and there are things I love and things I'm not such a fan of.
I'd like to break down why I am only giving them three stars.
I would like to point out that today gained them a whole star.
Before today I may have only given them two stars.
Visit 1: Eye brow wax.
I really felt very rushed during this visit.
There was no one else waiting but me but I was told I could be squeezed in and I should call in the future.
This really frustrated me because their website says "walk ins welcome" and I am more of a walk in girl for stuff like this.
I was please with my esthetician and found her to be quick and professional but she forgot to do the section between my eyebrows and I had to remind her.
The price was reasonable but on the way out when I inquired about the $20.00 Brazilian for new customers I was met again with a very cold receptionist who informed me that today was my first visit and the special wouldn't apply to me if I didn't do it that day.
That's a pretty crappy policy since I didn't need a Brazilian at the time.
At that point I questioned if I would go back.
Visit 2: Eye brow and lip.
This time around was a little better.
Nothing was missed or looked over and the receptionist was much nicer.
The only issue I had was that they were VERY pushy about me making a follow up appointment right then.
Both the esthetician and the receptionist made a big deal out of it so I ended up doing it.
I am terrible about keeping appointments like that though and completely forgot I made it.
No one ever called me and I totally spaced it and didn't go My bad.
Well, a couple of months later I called to make an appointment for a Brazilian and eye brow wax.
At first, the receptionist was super nice and bubbly.
I made an appointment and she entered my name.
Well, then she turned ICE COLD and became super bitchy.
She told me they could not hold an appointment for me because I had skipped an appointment.
Basically I had been black listed for missing an appointment I didn't really want to make in the first place.
She said I could walk in.
Needless to say I did no such thing and went elsewhere.
Visit 3: Today I decided to try again (on a whim) and it was very pleasant.
They were booked when I walked in but got me an appointment for an hour and a half later.
The esthetician was great: quick and pretty painless.
She did exactly what I wanted and was incredibly professional.
The receptionist was a peach and no one tried to push me into an appointment.
I'll try again based on the service I got to today but I do find the service here to be inconsistent.
The receptionists aren't always very nice and some of them are down right bitchy.
I never know what to expect from them.

I went here based on other reviews.
I was in Vegas for a few days and decided to have my arms waxed.
Everyone was nice and helpful.
The wax they use is awesome.
It hardens up in a few seconds and they rip off the wax, no strips needed.
It seems to get more hairs than the strips.
The girl was also very diligent in making sure she got it all.
I wish I could go back.

If your looking for a budget wax job this is your place.
Please don't take me wrong the hair comes off.
But the desk girl is rude and bitchy and there objective is quick in and out.
Box on the other hand spends time and does a great job.
Cost more but they do a much better job and there friendly.
My finances are a little tight so I will shave rather then deal with nasty people right now.
Then back to Box

I love this place!
I've been getting brazilians for 5 years.
I used to visit a salon on the southeast side but due to the girl only being available on Sundays (she also charged more) I went looking for a new place.
I tried this place last year and now I will only go here.
TBS is incredibly accomodating and more affordable.
Another thing to keep in mind is that they use a new 'stick' with each application of wax which translates to safer practice and eliminating the worry of other people's germs being transferred to me.
Definitely check this place out if you're a veteran waxee.
Oh, and Jasmine is my go-to girl!

Made me feel so comfortable for my first time!
I am a large girl and felt a little nervous about what they would think about me.
They were so sweet.
Their $20 first time special is great!

Had my very first hard wax brazillian here.
Practically painless compared to the soft wax i am used to getting.
However, i did feel like the hair grew back faster and i had few that was left unnoticed.
boo..
But overall, Great price and great service!

Go see Beth!
She gives an amazing brazilian and she doesn't hurt either.
Love her!
Great personality too!

I was in Las Vegas for my wedding and I didn't have time to get waxed before leaving for Vegas, so I decided on this place based on the reviews I read on Yelp.
I was very pleased with my waxing, the only reason I am taking a star away is because I did not like the idea of having to give my credit card to book an appointment.
Maybe this is standard practice for Las Vegas but unless you are a high end spa or a hotel that is not typical in Atlanta.

I wanna make an update because I had missed an appointment at one time and had to walk-in twice.
I believe the two ladies I had were Porsche?
& Jasmine.
I would just like to say with the customer service they are consistently great!
Both ladies made sure I was comfortable and not in pain lol So I am definitely a fan of this awesome place!

I was in Vegas visiting the fam and it was that time for a wax.
I was looking up places and decided to check out The Birthday Suit.
How can you pass up $20 first timers for a brazilian?!!!!!
I got an appointment with Deanna.
She introduced me to hard wax.
At first I was a little scared because I've never had a hard wax session.
She made me feel comfortable and was fast.
I hardly felt the pain!!!
She is really amazing and super fun to talk to!
I kinda wish my place in LA would have hard wax now!!!
But I will def go back there when I'm in Vegas!
It's also a very clean and professional atmosphere.

I got my first Brazilian here and I was very pleased with the work.
The technician was great, the receptionist on the other hand....horrible.
She was very dry in her responses and a little rude.
Although its clear across town, I really like the place and would like to frequent the place but that receptionist is just horrible.
Teach her how to speak with clients.

I just waned I update and say that the comments i got from The owner didn't really help the situation.
I felt like he/she was placing blame on me rather than attempting to rectify the situation.
Not a great way to Do business.
Especially when it seems that the going theme here is that the receptionists at this place basically suck.
The estheticians are always so nice that it's a true shame that the first and last people you encounter here are rude, seem bored or bothered with customers or are just down right ice queens!

This place is amazing.
Want to get yourself an almost painless brazillian wax?
This is the place.

The Birthday Suit makes waxing pleasant!
This is the first place I have ever felt so comfortable going too.
Thank you girls for taking care of me and my unwanted hair :) lol  I highly recommend this place!!!

I love getting my waxes here.
All of the staff has been really great and I'm glad I found this place.
The prices are reasonable.
Jasmine has been awesome every time I've been there.
She's really pleasant to be around and makes me feel comfortable.
Everything is done really quick and I'm alway out of there within 15 mins.
I totally appreciate the amazing customer service.
This will be my one stop for all future waxes!

This is the place to go for your waxing needs!
I went here to get my first Brazilian wax and paid only $20 as an introductory fee (regular price is $35, which can't be beat).
I was very nervous since I never waxed in my life.
I would highly recommend Deanna, who made my experience AMAZING!!!
She was very quick and took good care of me.
I was in and out of there within 15 minutes.
They also send a friendly email reminder of when to return, which is nice if you're very busy.
Definitely would recommend to anyone who wants affordable prices and amazing results.

I usually go elsewhere to get my Brazilian waxes done, but this time I decided to try The Birthday Suit which is really close to home, has great reviews, and your first Brazilian is just $20, well worth the try.
I walked inside and low and behold one of my favorite waxers, Amy,  from my usual wax place had recently started working here.
I was so happy, it was like kismet.
The staff was friendly and the salon was clean and comfortable.
The wax from Amy was great like always.
The only reason I took off a star was because the esthetician needs to stay in the room with you while you disrobe and prepare yourself for your wax, it's a little weird even though she's gonna see it all anyway, I think needing a moment to myself is natural.
Looking forward to returning and maybe even trying out some of their products and other services.

If I could give The Birthday Suit a million star rating, I would.
I can't sing enough praises about this place!
I was in town for the weekend for my wedding and decided to book an appointment to get my first brazilian to surprise the hubby.
I only made the appointment the day before; it was very easy to book.
I was super nervous the entire day.
I had read horror stories all over the internet, but I figured that I'd be in good hands because The Birthday Suit has so many five-star ratings.
I was greeted right when I walked in by a friendly receptionist, filled out paperwork, and was seen by my waxer Amy in less than five minutes.
Amy was amazing.
I didn't feel awkward or uncomfortable at all; I even forgot I was nervous.
We chatted throughout the entire wax.
I can't say it was completely pain free, but it was near to it as it possibly could have been.
I squirmed maybe three times, and the pain only lasted for a few seconds afterwards.
I couldn't believe how more than bearable the wax session was.
At the end of my appointment, I purchased their serum to help prevent ingrown hairs.
It smells great, and the coolness feels great after getting your hair ripped out.
I would definitely recommend to The Birthday Suit to anyone seeking a phenomenal wax, especially to brazilian noobs.
Plus, you can't beat the $20 special for first time clients!
And, don't forget to ask for Amy!

They really need to be clear that THEY USE HARD WAX.
I went through their whole website without seeing anything about using hard wax.
They also ask for your credit card number just to set up an appointment!
Not a good way to start, but I gave them the benefit of the doubt and went through with it.
I do give them credit for having a pleasant ambiance BUT their wax has to be applied 2-4 times in each area just to get all the hair out.
Some skin near my right eyebrow came off and started bleeding from repeatedly waxing the same spot!
When I complained to the aesthetician, she simply said, "Oh, that's normal".
I kept my cool but that is NOT normal.
I've been getting waxed regularly for over 10 years and that's not supposed to happen if done correctly!
Not only was it painful but also ineffective.
There was a lot of leftover hair on my eyebrows and lips that I had to tweeze when I got home.
I also got a Brazilian, underarm and lower leg wax.
The body waxes weren't as painful but hair was also left sporadically.
I was mainly turned off by so much hair left on my eyebrows and upper lip.
They also pressure you into buying their products.
When I got to the counter, they already had products sitting there right next to my bill so I felt really pressured and hassled.
I tried to say "no" and was given major attitude so I ended up buying a measly 2 oz.
scrub for $5 that has similar ingredients as dishwasher soap.
Ugh.
So not a good deal and not nourishing for the skin.
I only read the good reviews before making my appointment.
Looking through the bad reviews now, I'm sure I'll get an excuse and attitude filled reply from the owner justifying everything I complained about but I don't care.
Their services were not up to par and I do NOT recommend this establishment.

Several months ago I wrote a review about my experience at The Birthday Suit.
The waxing was ok but customer service was unpleasant.
Stacey the owner responded but wasn't interested in my reason for dissatisfaction but defended it.
In reading other customer likes and dislikes I see the same type of response.
Stacey would rather defend then try to accommodate our concerns or dissatisfaction .
Perhaps she doesn't understand that there are many other waxing spas in town and she is in the service business.
She clearly doesn't care about anyone who isn't satisfied.
If your that independent or lack the interest of those who don't have pleasant experiences you won't be in business for long.
So I am lowering them to just 1 star.
If she chooses to have a different attitude and show it  her business will show it too.

Still had hair.
Not happy.
I think hard wax just doesn't work as well.
Also the lady doing the waxing seemed a little unfriendly.

While i was in Vegas I was desperate to find a place to get some fabulous brow work... and I found this place, great advertising and everything leading up to walking into the room to let some chick with an apparent bad day wax off my eyebrows beyond recognition was actually the best ever.
My problem (and it was a big one) was the actual "stylist" - Portia.
She walked out of the room called me in and didn't even smile or act like she gave a damn.
I was an "out of towner" and you could tell that immediately that was a turn off for her.
I tried to show her a picture that I had when my brows were perfectly shaped and she didn't even try to look at it.
I told her to leave them full - just clean them up.
I left with what I call gummi worm eyebrows- shapeless, short and way too thin :(  I wish this wasn't the case as the front desk was great, inviting, and the atmosphere of the place was great.
I am a regular in Vegas and would have gone back when I go out there but not going near it anymore.
Heading back to Vegas in August- The owner has reached out to me and I will give them another shot...
I will update when i do!

I must admit, I was beyond nervous for my first Brazilian wax!
However, I just left here (literally like 10 minutes ago!
) and there was nothing to be worried about.
Beth assured me that it would all be fine and she was right.
Thanks birthday suit!

Stopped here over my Labor Day weekend when I couldn't get an appointment with a waxing salon in Los Angeles.
The great thing is that they open early!
The place is clean, inviting, and the girl at the front desk is very friendly and accomodating.
I was a bit late (being that I am from Los Angeles), and she did not turn me away.
My waxer was extremely friendly, and it was the first time I had been waxed with "hard wax".
No strips required!
--It was a bit painful, but hey, how can I expect painless wax removal?
Since it was my first time there, I got the bikini wax for $20.
I still can't believe it!
Wish i could back to them!

I'm in love, I'm in love and I don't care who knows it!
Seriously, one of the best waxes I've ever had.
Second only to a place that I used to go to in Seattle that served martinis (you really can't beat that).
Your first brazilian is $20 which obviously is an amazing deal and the girls there are all awesome.
Per fellow yelper's recommendations I booked my appointment with Amy and I'm so glad I did...she's some sort of goddess.
It was practically painless, really quick, and immaculate.
I used to go to Modern Body Wax (which was pricier, weird hours, etc) but when my waxer went on maternity leave I knew it was time to find a new home.
I'm SO glad I did because I've been missing out on crazy-good waxes.
Thank you, thank you, thank you...I'll tell all my friends!!

I had a great experience at the birthday suit the receptionist was very kind and helpful and Amy was the best she does a wonderful job with brazilians I am definitely going back in four weeks.
And I'm going to tell all my friends about it.
And I love the hard wax it isn't really hot and it is less painful then the strip wax.
This place is way better then pretty kitty worth the 12 mile drive.
Thanks guys

This place is great.
Everyone was really nice from the time I stepped in to the time I stepped out.
Amy made my first time really easy on me.
She thoroughly explained everything to me n helped me get over my nervousness about the pain.
Really it didn't hurt as much as ppl had told me.
I've already set up my next appointment :) I couldn't be more happier :)

This place is great!
Great prices too!
I have seen Jen and Jasmine on my visits here and both are great!
It's a bit of a drive for me, but worth it!

As a guy it's a little unnerving getting a "Brozillian".
I got my first one on 9/10/12 with Amy.
(I may have been the first guy at The Birthday suit) It was a birthday present from my wife.
I must say it wasn't as bad as I thought.
Amy was super professional and made me feel relaxed... Well as relaxed as I could possibly be in this situation.
Lol.
Great conversations kept my mind too busy to think about what was going on.
I'll be going back for another.

Whoop!
Whoop!
My wish has been granted.
They changed their policy, so you can have that moment of alone time to take off your clothes and pray to the waxing Gods that you will be pain free.
And I was, thanks to Amy and her magic.
And I still have money in my wallet, love their prices, their friendly staff, and great service.

Before I get all critical I want to say that I'd pretty much definitely go back for another Brazilian.
I went in with high hopes.
I wanted to love this place because it's convenient for me and the price is right.
For the most part my Brazilian was a positive experience, mainly because the staff was quick, friendly and professional, and it was only $20 since I was a first-timer.
On the other hand, the ambience was a bit lacking.
I thought the background music was too loud and not a relaxing genre at all.
It was a bit warm and there was a faint smell throughout of pizza, which I noticed before I remembered that I had seen a pizza hut right next door on my way in.
Scented candles or oils would really help, even if just in the waxing rooms so you don't feel like you're laying on a prep table.
The bathroom wasn't stocked and seemed dingy compared to every other salon I've been to for brazilians.
Then again, those salons had double the prices you can find here.
I would suggest keeping more supplies in there... other salons have 2-ply TP, hand towels, powders, post-wax products, tampons, etc... it just seems classier and makes you feel better knowing they're available if you need them.
Also, consider getting flushable wipes so you don't have to sharpie "DO NOT FLUSH" on things...
It's the little things that go a long way for the overall waxing experience I guess.
The waxing itself hurt more than my last one at a different salon.
It seemed like the wax wasn't getting hard enough, but what do I know.
The lady who waxed me was very pleasant, funny and put me at ease.
Hours after I got home, my husband commented that it looked really red and asked was I going to put anything on it.
I hadn't even thought to look because I've never had that problem before, but he was right it was pretty red.
Many hours later I found patches of hair that had been missed... and I'm not talking about the usual stray hair here or there or baby hairs that couldn't get waxed...
I'm talking about big patches of long hairs.
Luckily I had some old nair waxing strips that got most of the job done.
I was surprised by how much more hair I pulled off and can't help but think she could have done a more thorough job.
Over 24 hours later it was still very tender... usually I'm 100% fine by the next day.
If a 5 star rating meant a luxurious, near-painless experience that left me with a perfectly smooth vag, I'd have to give this place 3 stars.
5 for convenience and price; knock a star for ambience, and another for having to wax myself after the fact.

Still love the Birthday Suit.
I love that they quickly respond to even email requests for appointments and can usually get me in with minimal notice (even if it isn't with my first preference of tech - jasmine is the best!).
I have met the owner several times and appreciate that she always asks for feedback and gives impromptu special offers to show her appreciation for repeat customers.
Best place in town for brazilian!

The first time I got a Brazilian wax was grueling.
In the back of a nail salon, I endured an hour and a half of torture.
I figured, well, this is a torturous beauty ritual by design.
It's probably the same everywhere.
When I complained to a friend about my experience, she said, "Well, why didn't you go to the Birthday Suit?!
"  Last week, I went in for waxing and had a fabulous experience.
It took only 15 minutes for my wonderful esthetician Deann to take care of me.
I arrived early and they were able to take me early.
Their facilities were clean as a whistle and everyone was as nice as could be.
Instead of using regular wax and cloths, the way my first was done, they use a hard wax.
This limited the pain and got the job done faster.
Deann was professional, informative and gave me a minute to breath when I needed it.
I was also impressed with their line of skin products for post and pre-wax.
It really showed their expertise.
I was delighted to schedule my next appointment and am hoping to pop in for an eyebrow wax this evening.
Very impressed and glad that my friends sent me to this waxing paradise.
I'll be paying it forward by telling me friends as well.

I came here after reading the great reviews.
Why oh why can't there be a Birthday Suit in the Los Angeles area!!!!
Ok this was my third Brazilian ever, and by far the best!
Primarily because they used hard blue wax all over, it's fast, virtually painless and fun, I loved my esthetician, I forgot her name but she was a tall, thin, blonde, that loves mashed potatoes hahaha, yea that's what we were talking about during my Brazilian, HEY don't judge, I'm a cook hahaha well I moved back to Los Angeles and I have lost the birthday suit, I am so sad!
PLEASE COME TO LA  Do I recommend this place?
Eff yeah I do!

Got my first ever full Brazilian here as well as underarm wax, Beth was my aesthetician and she was beyond wonderful!
Cheerful, talked me through the entire process and was NOT awkward at all, which I greatly appreciated cause I knew full well I had not shaved/groomed down there in a VERY LONG time.
It didn't hurt as much as I thought it would, the anticipation did most of that for me.
:)  For the exceptional service I received, you could not beat the price anywhere else in the city.
First time clients get $20 Brazilian, and for those that don't read the paragraph in the sheet they ask you to fill out, it says that if all the hair has not been removed to your liking, you can come in for a complementary touch up within 5 days of receiving service.
Overall, wonderful experience and Beth is a keeper at the salon, Birthday Suit!
I'll definitely come back for my next waxing needs and will recommend to friends.

Loved this place!
Went there the first time last week with my sister.
Deanna was very nice and made me feel comfortable!
Great value and some excelllent specials for first time clients and returning clients.

While I was not a regular "monthly" customer, I did come in every couple of months for my Brazilian wax and was extremely happy with the service.
I have recently left Vegas for Northern California and how I miss the Birthday Suit!
I cannot seem to find a place that lives up to them.
What is a girl to do?
Fly back to Vegas and book a wax appointment!
That is exactly what I did and I could not have been happier.
Amy is great, very personable and cheery, making the cold early morning not so miserable!
Birthday Suit...please open a location in Northern California!

So I've been on a mission for a new waxing place for a while now (I even tried to wax myself...terrible choice) and I think I've finally found my home :)  I was a bit nervous since they use only hard wax.
My only previous experience with hard wax was awful (but not just because of the hard wax, so I gave it another shot).
Turns out that my fears were completely unfounded.
So much less pain than strips!
Beth took excellent care of me and I'm loving the result!
TBS offers a first-time client price of $20 for your first Brazilian.
After that, they are $35, which is amazing!

This was my first time doing hardwax and I must say it's pretty painless!
The first timer price is amazing, but 35$ every other time is definitely worth it.
Yeah there is that occasional shock but it is totally not awkward at all!
The place is so cute and well decorated and the aesthetician Jennifer was phenomenal!
:) She was so professional, caring, and made the experience the best.
I will be going here for life.
You must go here!

OK, so after being a Pretty Kitty veteran for the past 3 years, I'd say I know know exactly what to expect during a Brazilian.
My only concern about the place was that it only used hard wax and my previous experience with hard wax extremely painful and it took about 45 minutes or so for my esthetician to complete the process.
However, turns out that the pain and the time was due to my esthetician's lack of training in the area and not the hard wax.
Anyway, so moving on to my experience with the TBS:  After spending a significant amount of time researching various wax places in Las Vegas I came across TBS and looked at their menu, which was a little confusing at first because it lists Brazilian as full and front but one phone call to the salon cleared that up, the lady that answered the phone was extremely patient and answered all my questions.
My "waxologist" was Amy, she was really nice and made me feel extremely comfortable during the entire process, she worked quickly, yet efficiently and I have to admit that hard wax does hurt less than regular soft wax and I absolutely love the results!
The best part was that I didn't feel pressured to buy any products.
Another cool thing about TBS is that when you fill out your "new client paperwork" there is a little line that says if you're not completely satisfied with your result you can come back within 5 days of your treatment and they'll touch you up for free!
TBS also offers $20 Brazilians to their first time clients!
How awesome is that?
Their regular pricing is only $35 which probably makes it the best price in the entire town!
You also receive the first time client pricing during your birthday week.
The only thing that disappointed me was that in their brochure it says that they give you a little birthday gift during the week of your birthday and I didn't receive one!
Overall, the salon was clean and the staff was friendly and Amy was really good at her job!
I scheduled my 6 week appointment as I was leaving and I think I've found my permanent home with TBS and Amy!

So its the new year and that means a new self confidence.
Today I went in for my first Brazilian and was so impressed with the work Jennifer did and how wonderful the establishment was.
It's welcoming and everybody was friendly.
Going in I was super nervous about the pain and the idea of showing myself to a stranger but Jennifer made me feel right at home.
She was very knowledgeable and explained how the hair process works and recommended some great in house products.
The waxing itself was quick and though it was painful it was not nearly as bad as I had anticipated.
So it was a great waxing experience.
The pricing is so low that I was shocked!
Especially for the service you get!
I would highly recommend this place and that you ask for Jennifer!

The girl at the front desk seemed like she was in a bit of a bad mood but we all have those days.
I was nervous because this is the first time I have really done a full brazilian.
Jasmine did a great job of making me feel comfortable.
I like that it is locally owned and not a chain.
As locals we need to support out locals.
For a first time brazilian and lip wax I paid 30.00.
Great price!
She also said I could come back in five days for a touch up.
I did find it painful but I was assured it gets easier with time.
Certain areas are more painful than others.
I should have taken a motrin beforehand!

Well what else can i say about a play that makes your snatch look as pretty as it can be... Im in my birthday suit typing this.
I used to go to Pretty Kitty but the  quality and outcum  you get at Birthday suit is just as  asstastik if not better.. One other thing that made me smile was the price was great and the staff is just simply wonderful ;)  an added bonus they have pretty kitty does not offer  is guys are welcum as well....  DING!

ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS!!!
Deanna is wonderful.
She's a great waxer and SUPER easy to talk to.
If you can afford, the 6 unlimited it is COMPLETELY worth it.
The wax is really nice.
The prices are more than reasonable!!!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!

I've been getting waxed for a good ten years now, and as such, have both my exceptional experiences, and my horror stories.
When I moved to Las Vegas four years ago, my first priority was finding THE place to get waxed.
I tried a few, one that was nearly double the cost of The Birthday Suit and was "famous".
One that was slightly more, but had a coupon in the mailer so I tried it - left more hair then they took off I felt.
Then I found The Birthday Suit.
It was close to where I lived, they had an amazing "new client" special, and I was about four weeks overdue for a waxing.
I've been hooked ever since.
Every time I go, I've had a different waxer and while in the past that has sometimes bothered me - not this place.
Because everyone that works here is amazing!
Always the right amount of chatty so as not to feel awkward, they take their time, they get it done.
And the front reception staff can't be beat either, so sweet.
So, in summary:  Great service - it's fast, as painless as it gets for having hair removed, thorough, and very awesome ladies.
Great prices - very reasonable, and they always have great deals for their customers.
Wonderful business - you can tell the owners rock and care about their customers.
And this is a business that also gives back to the community, which I find a big PLUS.
So, thanks Birthday Suit.
You have a loyal & loving customer as long as I'm around.

So, I just made what must be my millionth appointment at The Birthday Suit, and it occured to me that I posted a review on Yelp after my very first visit, but thought that maybe my fellow Yelpers would like to know if my happiness extended past that.
Well, that was September of 2011, and here it is January 2013.
I have been a regular client since then.
I have NEVER, and will NEVER, EVER go anywhere else.
Ever.
I would rather be mistaken for a sasquatch than let someone else wax my precious lady-junk.
Stacey and Deanna are both amazing.
Although I haven't seen any of the other aestheticians, I know that if either of my girls were unavailable, I would still be in great hands with anyone there.
Stacey wouldn't employ some hack!
Only the best at TBS!!!
Ok, so long story short: This place is phenomenal.
I've never had a bad visit.
I've always left happy.
I have referred so many friends, and THEY have all left happy.
So, my question is...... Why are you still reading this???
Pick up the phone and make an appointment already!

After some crazy issues, I am very pleased to say that Stacy has made every effort to rectify my concerns.
She not only called me to apologize but gave me a credit to the store.
Every place will have problems, it's how they are handled that makes a business stand out and Stacy went above and beyond to keep my business.
I will recommend them to anyone!
Thanks Stacy!!

WHO: If you need some waxing done, I urge you to try this place out!
WHEN: Monday through Friday from 8:30am-8pm, Saturday from 8:30am-7pm, and Sunday from 10am-4pm.
WHERE: South Rainbow & Robindale.
(In the small plaza right before Walgreens & Robindale).
WHAT: My bestfriend dragged me along and set an appointment for my first ever Brazilian wax...
Prior to stepping foot, I felt sick to my stomach because I heard so many horror stories about brazilian waxes.
I told myself I was not going to let others' experiences affect me until I tried it out for myself.
So, I "womanned" up and did it.
Lol.
I was extremely nervous, but Deanna was very motherly to me.
She made me feel comfortable, helped calm me down and ease my nerves.
Not only is the staff wonderful, the environment was very homey and cozy (not like other places I've heard of, where it looks like you are walking into a clinic).
So, that helped relieve all my mixed emotions!
PRICES: Your first time brazilian is $20 (don't forget to set up an appointment), and the proceeding times will be $35 (which is definitely not a bad price!).
You may also get your eyebrows, lip, chin waxed, but I am not too sure about the price for that yet.
=)...
I now go there every month, and is my new favorite spot until forever!
Thanks Deanna & staff!!

Walk-ins are most certainly not accomodated.
Per the website it says walk-ins are welcome, however, when I walked in I was told they could make me an appt.
4 hours later??
No thanks, I will go elsewhere.

I LOVE this place!
I got my first bikini wax last October, and I was...scared to say the least haha.
However, I was lucky enough to get Amy, who made me super relaxed and totally comfortable (cmon ladies, you're spread eagle naked waste down, its a bit weird....)  Needless to say, I became hooked.
She is very quick and made the process a lot more fun than it was.
Soon I started doing my full leg and underams as well.
This place is a MUST!!!!!!
It's also very reasonable price-wise!!

I just moved back here to LV about six months ago and was looking for a new waxing boutique.
I stumbled across The Birthday Suite while doing an internet search, and I am so happy I found them.
The service from start to finish was nothing but exceptional, and the prices are quite reasonable.
I had also never been to a place that did the hard wax before, so it was a new experience, and a lot less painful one at that.
I am very happy with this place and I will be continuing to go there from here on out.

Came here today for a much-needed brow waxing.
My eyebrows were desperate for help but I've been putting off having them done because I was terrified of making a bad decision about where to go.
OK, so I take my brows very seriously.
Almost too seriously.
But they're on my FACE!
How can I not?
I called around noon for a same-day appointment around 2:30 and was able to schedule a 2:10.
I didn't want to chance walking in because I don't live in the area.
How bad would it suck not being able to be fit in??
lol I'd be doing the drive of walk-in shame all the way back to Henderson.
I arrived, like, 20 minutes early but had every intention of just sitting on the couch in the waiting area (very comfy seating for waiting, btw) knowing they probably couldn't get me in THAT soon.
The girl at the desk was very nice, had me fill out paperwork and show my ID, and said that they'd be able to get me in a bit early.
Yay!
I wound up seeing Jennifer for my brow wax.
I told her what I needed done and we made a plan.
She marked and showed me in a mirror where she would be waxing and what she'd be taking off, which was awesome.
I've never had anyone do this before!
I thought my brows needed major repair and TLC but she said I had a good natural shape and just need to be thinned out and trimmed.
I guess we're our own worst critics, right?
"Remember," she quipped, "your eyebrows are sisters but they're not twins.
"  LOL Best eyebrow line ever.
My wax was on the house since it was my first visit there.
Score!
Jennifer did a great job and it would have been worth every penny of the $15.
I noticed that the prices are VERY reasonable so it will be so easy to make this my go-to waxing place and plan for waxes when I know I'll be in the neighborhood.
I think a brazilian is $35.
How can you beat that?!?
I used to pay $70 bucks for that service in NYC, and I've seen it to be way more expensive at some places in the valley.
Will write an update when I have one done.
Definitely will be coming back to keep these brows under control!

First thing's first, the waxers are very nice and provide very relaxing atmosphere.
I have been there twice:  first time to get eyebrows and underarms, then second time to get another underarm.
Amy, who did my eyebrows, just cleaned it up.
Just the way I like it.
So Kudos to her.
However, my underarms were not waxed very well...
The first time, I can understand because I shaved it before.
Some hair just couldn't be waxed completely.
It's really understandable and I think Amy did a great job removing as much hair as possible.
The second time.... Not so great... My hair started growing again in 3 days!
Really??
I don't remember who my waxer was but when I got it the first time, my hair grew slower than the second time...
So overall, I had a positive experience, except that hair grows a bit too fast...
I am definitely returning again to try other services.

I love love love The Birthday Suit!
Stacie & Jason are awesome, and so are the rest of their staff.
I've been coming here for the past year and a half, and it's great!
I feel really comfortable coming here.
No awkwardness whatsoever.
You can't have that when someone's all up in your nani!
LoL!
If you're like me, and tend to make last minute appointments, they can accommodate you.
Totally recommend this place to everyone!

The Birthday Suit is great!
I was first attracted to this place because of their prices.
I definitely pay less for a brazillian here than I would anywhere else.
But then when I came for my first visit I knew that I shouldn't even bother going anywhere else.
The first time I came in for a wax I felt a little uncomfortable (as to be expected with something of that sort) but my waxer made me feel completely at ease right away.
Every visit since then has been a completely pleasant experience.
It has now been over a year that I've been a return customer.
This place is about a 30 minute drive from my house but it's always worth the trip.

First time trying this place, and highly, highly recommend it.
Danielle was super nice, friendly, thorough.
Loved my end results-plus it was surprisingly less painful than usual (major plus)

I am impressed with the idea of this place.
Stacie is an amazing, smart and considerate owner who was aware of the struggle that many moms have -- Most waxing salons do not allow you to bring your children and they are over-priced.
Stacie developed a place that is not only cool and comfortable for those needing a wax but also for moms.
She has a welcoming play area for the kids to play.
She offers a Brazilian for under $40... Could it get any better?
My 5 year old loves going to play while I get a great wax!
Unfortunately, the receptionist who seems to lack work experience, professionalism and hospitality skills is the one area that needs improvement.
It is sad when owners trust people to represent their brand/company when they cannot be there themselves 24/7 -- and the staff fails.
Th receptionist has disappointed me almost everytime and crossed the line today with her poor decision-making skills and confrontational attitude.
This place is definately worth visiting but be warned that the receptionist doesn't provide the level of service that should be provided for such a great place.
I will not be returning... unless there is new front office staff.

I went to this place about two or so months ago.
I heard of this place from yelp and my roomie.
I was drawn to it because of the $20 first time client brazillian.
I called and made an appointment, showed up a little early (still had to wait a few mins after, no biggie.
It seemed pretty busy anyways.
)  The receptionist handed me a clipboard and I had to fill out paper work.
I loved the fact that I could put down my roomies name and she gets $$ off next visit!!!
great aspect on the business.
After the paper work, I was escorted into a room for the big "ouch!
"  The person who did my brazilian was super friendly and I had no problem conversing with her.
The job was alright a few hairs left here and there (not many get this absolutley perfect :/)  and the pain was minimal (I've been getting brazilians done since I was a freshman diver in HS)  I never got her name though so that kind of sucked.
I havent been back since just due to time and yikes hair managment!!!!
I definatly love this over several other waxing facilities that I've been too.
I took one star away because I never knew the ladies name and its so far away from my house!!
(Eastside central to almost south west end of LV  :( if only you were closer!!!!

Such a great place!
Andrea at the front desk was so knowledgeable and professional and Stacie who did my eyebrows and lip was very friendly and did a great job.
I left with a little pinkness and that is all.
I have been waxed before at other places and had raw, red skin.
This place is wonderful and the prices can't be beat for the stellar job that they do.
This is my new spot!
Thanks!!

I love Birthday Suit.
Been coming here since December.
I used to frequent the other famous waxing place but decided to venture to this place because of the enormous positive reviews from yelp and because it's 2 minutes away from my house (awesome).
I was a bit skeptical at first when I found out they use hard wax because I had a HORRIBLE experience with hard wax (I still have nightmares from that).
I was really nervous because all I can think about is that horrible pain I had experienced from someone who was not as trained with hard wax as these ladies are.
My esthetician (I can't remember her name..sorry!!!
) was AMAZING.
We conversed throughout the entire procedure and she really calmed my nerves and the pain was minimal.
I've been going to Deanna as of lately because of work schedule and she's just as AMAZING.
I love this place so much, I've managed to get my 2 gf's HOOK.
PS...To everyone wondering if it hurts, well, YES it hurts but it isn't as bad as what you're thinking.
Plus, it's so FAST you don't even have time to think about it.
It should be noted that I'm a big wuss when it comes to pain.
I have no tolerance for it so if I can handle it, you will too!

Ok considering how much I dread getting waxed this place is great, super cute waiting area!
The girls at the front are fantastic.
Chantelle is definitely my favorite!
She talks to you the whole time to take your mind off the actual waxing part.
And even when you're cursing like a sailor the whole time she's still super sweet.
I have to be one of the biggest babies when it comes to getting waxed and she always puts up with me!

Came here almost two weeks ago, my cousin recommended this place, she told me to ask for this girl but I forgot her name.
It was a last minute thing and I work close by so I just hurried in there, anyway the lady up front was nice, it was a very nice place, pretty cozy.
It was only my second time getting a Brazilian wax so I was still nervous.
They got me in quick but it was much more painful than I remember from the first time I got it done, I mean painful and I when I got home that night I noticed some little patches still, I would probably come back but maybe ask for another person.

Horrible.
Went a couple of weekends ago while i was visiting vegas.
Do not go angela if you are extremely sensitive.
Just left there and when i needed to stop for a minute because of the pain she told me she only had 20minutes left.
Wheres the customer service?
She didnt do my lower stomach and thats usually included in brazilians.
She didnt have me pull my skin tight to make sure she got everything.
The only reason i tried this place was because of their great reviews.
I guess the reviews werent talking about angela.
She seem really young and not professional at all.
That was the worst experience ive ever had and wont ever go back to her.

Very clean, everyone from receptionist to the waxer is very nice.
Ad prices are way cheaper than other waxing places.

Just a quick shout out to the ladies at The Birthday Suit for a most excellent first time customer experience - not just my first time there, but a guy who was truly a virgin to waxing!
I'd planned to try out a spray tan and they recommended doing it 24 hrs in advance, so after a bit of research (and a desire to avoid the pricey strip hotel spas & support the locals!
) I scheduled a full back/shoulder wax and eyebrow tune-up a few days in advance via email.
Quick to confirm the appointment by email, with a phone reminder the day before.
I believe it was Jennifer who took care of me and I have to say everyone must expect a "40 year old virgin" type of experience and this was anything but...   absolutely would do it again and maybe even dare to try some of their more adventurous services ;)

I'm so glad I chose this place for my first brazilian!
As a first timer, I was pretty scared about getting one.
I heard all the horror stories from all my friends.
But thank goodness this experience wasn't anything like that.
I got in a few minutes before my appointment.
The receptionist checked me in and I waited for a few minutes for my time to come up.
Every fiber in my body wanted to run out the door!
I decided to just go through with it anyways.
I had Angela for my brazilian.
She was really nice and let me know what I had to do to get ready for it.
She made me feel at ease and was super quick about the whole process.
It is going to hurt a bit but the pain doesn't last long.
After I was done, I felt like it was a walk in the park!
Definitely come into the birthday suit.
It's totally worth it and they don't charge crazy prices!
It's $20 for your first time and $35 for after.
I can't wait to go back!

I started coming here last year and have always had a positive experience.
The staff is friendly and accommodating and the work is always clean and as painless as it can be.
Lol I always try to see Jennifer, she does an amazing job and is super friendly.
Love this place!

I've been coming to The Birthday Suit for over a year and would never go anywhere else.
I am also an esthetician at a salon/spa on the strip, but still make it out here since Jennifer Franklin is THE BEST!
She is very skilled and has a ton of knowledge on what she's doing (not just waxing).
I would recommend TBS to all of my friends.

I love this place ..
It's soo relaxing and clean and every one is soo nice ... Now it's  my place to go for a skin care

I have been to this place 3 times and each time was a great experience.
Please make an appointment with Angela.
She is amazing and gives close to painless brazilians... IM SO SERIOUS!
The establishment is clean.
The waiting area is comfortable and there is even a play area should you have your kids.
The prices cant be beat.
They are the most affordable in town....where else can you get a brazilian for $35?
I highly recommend The Birthday Suit!

I love this place.
Iv been here several times and its always consistent.
Can say that the Brazilian wax was pleasant but they work pretty face to keep the pain to a minimum.
Lol the price is also very reasonable here.
I always return here.

This is an update because they have an amazing customer service!
First of all, I posted a 4-star review in March because I was not completely happy with my second underarm waxing.
The next time I went, my underarm wax was complimentary because they had read my review complaining about it the second time.
Considering that they are very busy and popular, I am impressed by their attentiveness to every customer.
I mean, I did give them 4 stars.
That's pretty good, right?
But they comped it regardless...
I wasn't completely happy but I was quite happy about it so the comp was a pleasant surprise.
This time I want to compliment Vanessa, who waxed my eyebrows perfectly.
I usually just clean up my eyebrows because I am afraid that if I shape it, they will look unnatural and scary.
But my right eyebrow line being shorter than the left, I asked Vanessa to wax it so that they will be in equal length.
She did them wonderfully.
I LOVE my new eyebrow shapes!
It is my first time shaping them and I LOVE IT.
Definitely getting my eyebrows waxed there now instead of threading or anything else.
I also got underarms again, and Vanessa was so thorough.
I have tried many different waxers there, and I've had pleasant experience with most of them.

Did it meet my expectations..?
No.
Am I satisfied..?
100%  I went in for the Brazilian and keep in mind that this was my first time getting waxed.. ever!
WHAT I EXPECTED 1.
I expected to walk in to your typical spacey well lit salon to be greeted by a super cute (possibly intimidating) overly preppy girl.
I expected to wait a bit since I showed up 25 minutes early after reading about their policy.. and I'm never early nor ever on time to anything lol.
I expected the esthetician to basically "baby" me during the process considering it was my first time.
Explaining this explaining that, step by step etc.
WHAT I RECIEVED 1.
From the outside, for a brief moment I thought it looked closed.
Once I was inside it was dim and totally yoga-lounge like.
I was immediately more at ease.
The girl behind the desk was just your everyday sweet girl (just trying to pay for college).
No overly preppy intimidating fake.
There was a light scent in the lobby, not too strong.
Very modern.
There were things were around to keep you occupied while waiting so you didn't have to stare down other clients.
Also saw there was a cute little water dispenser for clients on the corner ledge.
I took my sweet time filling out and reading the two pages I was given.
Just a moment after I handed to the receptionist I was called back!
(Yessss!!
This is a good sign!
They must like me!
They must not be too busy!
They won't have to rush!
) 3.
Beth was my esthetician, she didn't "baby" me as I had hoped but I'm sure glad she didn't.
Now I realize, that might have made it worse!
She was basically to the point.
Do this, do that.
During the process we had endless conversations about anything except for what was going on (me laying totally naked waist down in a butterfly position o_o).
She was extremely funny to me and it was natural, she wasn't just trying ease my nerves.
My friend in the lobby said she even heard us at one point (we were in the first room).
When I came out, the first thing I had to say to the receptionist was "I like her, she's funny!".
I'm not sure if they use a new style of wax but there weren't any strips to be pulled off, just the wax that turned hard after a few seconds.
When I walked out with my friend at the end, she said "see that wasn't as bad as you thought right.. just a little sting for a bit now".
My response.. "What?
It's not stinging at all!
I feel completely fine like nothing happened".
Then we walked two blocks right after to surrounding shopping centers looking for a place to sit and chat.. and yes, a couple hours later I still didn't feel any stinging or pain.
For you ladies that are getting your Brazilian wax for the first time..
I'll answer this for you as I was looking for this answer myself:  I felt sick to my stomach the second I was heading there..   Just do it!
You're going to start eventually, why not now and why not here?
I took a couple Advil's before I went in and during the process my pain was on average of a 5/6 out of 10, at one point 3 out of 10 and another 7 out of 10.
THAT'S NOT BAD considering I was expecting 20 out of 10 lol.
It wasn't the worse pain I have ever felt.
GO TO BETH!
Just go, seriously.
YOLO!
I guess you can say my expectations were totallllly off!

Very upsetting.
I called at 12pm for an appt in about 45 mins (because I am coming from the other side of town).
She had a 1230 so I took it.
Mind you I'm coming from the other side of town so I was rushing enough as it is.
I got there at 1236 so I was told by the receptionist that I'm wayyyyy over the five minutes and continues to tell me she can reschedule me later that day or saturday but I declined because  I live on the other side of town and today was my only day off.
I understand there's appt times but there was no one even waiting in the lounge!!!
So what happens when walk ins come in?
They say sorry, we're between appt times we can't accommodate you?
I wouldn't even mind waiting 20 mins but no she said "I can reschedule you for tonight".
So I said  would rather go elsewhere.
I'm so annoyed.
I really liked this place esp Stacey the owner.
And I have been coming here for over 2 years now and this was the only time I was "Waayyyyy over the five minutes".
I won't be coming back now.

I've been going here for over a year now and they were my first Brazilian.
I was really nervous going on, as any first-timer, but luckily I got Beth, whom I still go to today.
She is absolutely amazing -- one time I dared to try another person and it was a very painful month.
Never again will I veer away from Beth!
From the first time or any other time after, it's just like catching up with an old friend -- with some minor pain.
She'll talk to you and keep your mind off the process -- definitely something better than dead silence.
The space is very clean and I have never had any scheduling issues.
I even came late once (living on the complete other side has some downsides) and they were accommodating enough to even help me with a better time later on.
Prices are reasonable ($35 / wax) -- I haven't tried any of their other services but if you're looking for a Brazilian, definitely go to TBS and ask for Beth!

I had been looking for a new waxing place since I moved to vegas.
I have been getting waxed exclusively for 5+ years at Queen Bee Salon in Culver City California and they as I , have very high standards for all their services.
I had been to another place before this in vegas which was reviewed well on Yelp but didn't meet my expectations.
So next try was The Birthday Suit ... what a great choice, I think I have found my go to spot for all my waxing needs!
I was going in for a Brazilian ...
I always arrive to my waxing appointments super early, especially for first time (paperwork and all that) After I filled out my paperwork they took great care of me, we chatted and they kept me entertained while I waited for my waxer.
I wish I remembered her name but I will be sure to find out and ask for her again.
She took me back and got right to work.
They use a stripless wax which basically looks like blue green alien blood that hardens and pulls off.
I will be honest, I don't know how it feels to everyone else but for me after years and years of waxing it really doesn't hurt me at all, its more a feeling of relief!
she was flawless and gave me the perfect triangle shape I asked for with everything else properly removed.
She didn't over wax or irritate my skin and as it grew back I had no problems like after the last wax at Pretty Kitty ...   Can't wait to go back for my next brazilian!

All the good things written are true!
I moved to Vegas a year ago and knew it'd be hard to transition from my waxing lady of 4 years.
Besides, it's hard having to find a good brazilian from a good esthetician you can be comfortable with.
Tried 2 places before I found TBS and I don't plan on going anywhere else here in Vegas.
I request Deanna but I've tried 2 other ladies and they were great too!
I've never had a problem with the front desk either.
Make an appointment when you can because it helps the staff and they get pretty booked!
It's convenient how you can make an appointment by email too.
So if you can' t make that call because you're in class or at a meeting, shoot them an email!
I subscribed to them on Facebook and they're really good on updating their times and dates, special promos (some for the day), beauty tips, updates about tbs, and sometimes even local news.
Oh and don't forget their green serum!

If your reading this, you want to get your kitty waxed but not really.
Your afraid it will hurt and the list goes on...
I know cause I was there.
I read review after review even though friends that came here said it did not hurt at all.
I thought man y'all are crazy.
You get your butt hairs waxed too?!
OMG yeah that was me before.
NOW I'm so glad I went.i was being a big chicken for nothing.
It's place is amazing.
I even said, wow, that's it lol I mean don't get me wrong.
It's not painless but it doesn't painfully hurt.
It's fast, less painful then others from what I read and what I was told by my buddies.
If your still reading this, just DO IT.

I LOVE THIS PLACE!
:)  I have visited The Birthday Suit 7 times and have nothing bad to say.
Even though I've had 6 different ppl (everyone that I had prior never works the day I go in haha), I've had nothing, but a great experience.
Even with a new person every time.
:) I would/do highly recommend this place!
Great service, great ppl, overall GREAT!
Thank u Stacy for having a such a great business that is warm welcoming, kid friendly, with amazing service!

This place is amazing.
- Friendly - Fast - Almost Painless (They use Hard Wax) - They know what they're doing.
- Make you comfortable.
- AMAZING.
I will never go anywhere else in Vegas.
EVER.

Like most people, I was nervous for my first waxing experience.
I decided to just get it done with.
I had called to see if they were accepting walk-ins today, and the receptionist was very kind and told me that they were fairly busy but they still had appointments available!
I happily made one for an hour later.
I arrived 30 mins early to fill out paperwork, and the staff was friendly, but quiet.
Thats okay, I'm not a super big talker anyways.
My waxer, Deanna, greeted me a good 10 minutes before my actual appointment time.
She gave me a quick rundown of how things would be going since it was my first waxing experience.
(And first brazilian!
) It was super reassuring to know that she had been doing this for 13 years!
She was professional, helpful, and so kind.
Most importantly, she did an amazing job!
It did hurt a little, not going to lie, but it was more of a quick pain, just like ripping a band-aid off!
I am super pleased with the results thus far.
You also can't beat the price!
I will gladly go back to TBS next time around, and will make sure to book my appt with Deanna!
**My favorite part is their appointment policy.
You have a 5 minute grace period, which may seem a little tough, but they do have a business to run and it shows that they value everyones time!
I respect them for that!

My first bikini wax was a few weeks ago.
Mother-of-god did it hurt!
The esthetician was a bit brisk which was unnerving.
For a first timer she could have been a bit patient.
She kept looking at the clock and reminding me that she had another appointment soon when I asked for pauses between waxes.
On the other hand I appreciate she put up with all my cursing at the pain.
I went back the same day for a leg wax and this time the esthetician was awesome!
She was friendly and sweet.
I'm going back for a bikini wax soon and have requested her for it.

I've been coming here for over a year and could not be more pleased.
Deanna and Jasmine are amazing and between the two, I would not go to anyone else.
Prices are ridiculously amazing for the service you get.
The place is always pleasant and clean.

This place is fantastic.
They are professional with their communication and their services.
I had problem/miscommunication at one time, but the owner Stacey was able to help remedy the situation and made things work out.
I was coming here every three weeks to have my legs waxed and will be back to hopefully start that up again.
Services are great and affordable.

Update: My second visit was 6 weeks after the first and the difference was as stark as night and day.
DID NOT FEEL A THING.
I was chatting the whole time with Chantelle.
Ah, Chantelle!
The angel of waxing!
A gift from the gods of waxing to women-kind!
I think it was the combination of hard wax, Chantelle's technique coupled with her easy-going manner that made the whole experience PAINLESS and stress free.
I'm a customer for life!
A small mention about the owner, Stacey.
A very pleasant person and straight forward business woman.
She reached out to me right after my first review and apologized unconditionally for the experience.
Even though I had mentioned that it was not all bad.
What's astonishing is that Stacey doesn't want her customers to receive anything short of a perfect experience.
Even near perfect wont do.
In today's world of vast chain store business, such attention to detail is unheard of.

So I went back the second time and not sure if the girl that did my Brazilian wax was new, but OWWWEEE!
She took longer which is cool but went over some spots more than 3 times.
It irritated the hell out of my skin and HURT like hell.
She even pulled some of my skin off :( I paid for 4 waxes upfront and will go again, but will make sure I don't have her do it again.
I will need to schedule appointment with Angela next time.
I'm keep the three stars up there for my first visit.

LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!!!!
I've had the worst experiences with waxing in the past year and a half and shortly after becoming pregnant, didn't bother to maintain for the simple fact that I didn't want to deal with any more problems.
Since moving to NV 3 months ago, I've spent a lot of time finding a perfect place to service me....and here it is!
I think the girls name that waxed me is Diane and she is absolutely badass!
The BEST Brazilian hands down!
I can usually determine right after waxing whether I might have some issues but I highly doubt it this time.
It was very clean, quick, and reasonably priced.
This is my new place :)

**UPDATE** I gave this place another try after my not so awesome experience.
Mainly because I am a second chance type of person and I know people make mistakes but also because the owner had great customer service and contacted me and remained in contact up to a year later.
Talk about customers always right!
:)   Anywho- I went back and it was awesome.
Front desk (which was great last time) was still polite & prompt.
The esthetician I was with this type was friendly, open and most of all professional.
She asked questions about my brows and didn't just go in for the kill.
Walked out with the brows I have grown to love- full but beat and both intact!
Honestly- after all of that I will definitely come back everytime I am in Vegas.

First time Brazilian wax & I'm glad I chose this place!
It is a bit far from where I live but I don't mind & besides it's only once a month.
I visited them 9/25/13 & initially my appt.
was at 1PM but they had absolutely no problem taking me earlier.
When I walked inside I automatically had this calming feeling rush over me & wasn't so nervous about the waxing that was about to occur.
The front desk receptionist was so nice & helpful & I think that is important because after all they make the first & last impression for the company.
Anyway, I waited a few & met Stacey!
Stacey was so sweet & very good at distracting me from how bad it hurt by holding a conversation with me.
It wasn't too bad & this place gets 5 stars because of the cute little setup & because of the amazing staff!
Thanks y'all!

I feel really weird for writing a review based on something private but here goes nothing!
For starters: The Birthday Suit is awesome.
Whats not to like?
They have super long hours, friendly staff for the most part, and a really cute waiting area!
You can totally tell that The Birthday Suit is owned by a female.
I really enjoy the fact that The Birthday Suit is really clean and quick with their services.
*****One thing I recommend changing is their website because it says that your wax will be $20 if you come in during your birthday month.
To my dismay, it is actually only applicable 5 days before or 5 days after your birthday.
I'm not sure who would want to pain themselves with a wax 5 days before or after their birthday but thats the policy so beware!

I went here for my first Brazilian wax a week ago and I'm very pleased with it.
It's clean and cute when you walk in and the receptionist was friendly.
Of course it hurt, but Angela let me know when it would hurt worst and made small talk to make it less torturous.
I plan on going back and continuing to wax on a regular basis.

For starters I love that this place uses hard wax.
The staff is extremely friendly.
They have great recommendations for post wax products to help maintain and upkeep.
It's a one stop shop for me everytime at The Birthday Suit.
I get my Brazilian and brow waxes, facials and even skin care products here.
Dermalogica and lash food just to name a couple.
If you've had problems with finding a good waxing place, I suggest trying The Birthday Suit... Somewhere that's just designated for waxing and skincare.

This was my first time ever getting a Brazilian wax and I definitely recommend this place.
I was planning to make an appointment, but got too impatient and decided to head there earlier this evening before they closed.
I took a chance without an appointment and luckily they squeezed me in.
So be sure to make an appointment!
Waiting did not take long and Vanessa was my girl to do my wax.
I told her I was more embarrassed then nervous, but she made me feel so comfortable and made conversation.
And it wasn't like a forced boring kind of talk.
And it turned out we went to the same high school eight years ago!
So I became more relaxed after that.
Yes, it was painful, but she made it clear if I keep going back, it grows back not as thick each time and becomes less painful.
Staff was friendly and helpful.
Thank you again Vanessa!

They r quick & fast!
Blew my other experiences with waxing out of the water!
Very clean as well.
Experience is to the point and u get in and get out without all the fluff.

I won't go into details because really, it's a waxing salon.
Started on time, Deanna was amazing and thorough and so much fun to talk to!

I went to the Birthday Suit to get ready for my wedding and had a great experience.
Stacey made me feel comfortable for my first time getting waxed.

Amazing first experience.
They made me feel very comfortable in what could have been an uncomfortable situation.
Very clean and professional.
The whole experience was MUCH better than I expected.
I will be back in 4 weeks!
:-)

First time and definitely not my last time here!
I got a full Brazilian and eyebrow wax.
Let me just start off by saying Angela is amazing!!
She made me feel super comfortable and she was so sweet and nice!
The Birthday Suit is extremely cute and clean!
I'll be back most definitely and I'll be recommending The Birthday Suit to all my friends for their waxing needs!

My daughter and I had a great experience here.
We just walked in, no appointment is necessary.
This was my daughter's first waxing experience, and my last one was 17 years ago (traumatic).
For both of us it was almost painless, only a little sting, which is expected.
Our new client waxes were free, but I left a nice tip, because they did a great job and were very friendly.
We will be returning.

Only came in once but for my first ever Brazilian it was a very relaxing experience.
I was so nervous not knowing what to expect , and yes it did hurt that's for sure.
But it was tolerable .
I think the price is very reasonable and they do a great job.
Would come back if I lived here again

If you want #Waxing when in #Vegas this is the best place!
Got a #BrazilianWax smooth as a baby!
Very sanitary clean place.
Loved the friendly, accommodating staff.
Definitely going back!
Thanks The Birthday Suit

Love this place!
I recently started coming here 6 months ago I am now addicted !
Professional , friendly and fast!

First off, they were very responsive with my e-mails when inquiring about making an appointment which is always nice since I prefer e-mails for busy days.
I love the calming vibe and welcoming space with the oh-so-cushioney sofas and as a first time brazilian waxer, Vanessa was very nice to make it seem like it was nothing as I felt very nervous.
& shout out to Vanessa for dealing with my sasquatch coochie and shaking legs aha.
Definitely would come back again for the melted fruit gusher candy looking wax [:

Went in today with my daughter again.
Danielle did my brows this time.
Was a little more painful this time, but Danielle did such a great job it was worth it.
I believe my daughter saw Vanessa, and she had the same comment...more painful this time, but she was happy with the results.
Will be returning in two weeks (my brows grow very quickly).

I am an Esthetician so I have tried many of the waxing salons in town to check out techniques, different brands of wax, services etc...
The Birthday Suit has kept me coming back as a loyal customer for a variety of reasons.
Ease of making a same day or walk-in appointment 5/5 Friendly Staff: 5/5 Cleanliness: 5/5 Estheticians: knowledgable, quick, talented, well trained, professional 5/5 Customer Service 5/5 they even offer a free touch up if needed  Reasonable Pricing: 5/5 They offer specials if you follow Instagram, Twitter, FB  Owner is hands on and cares about her clients 5/5  If you have never been here...give it a try.
(First timers they offer a smoking deal $20 special.
) They are used to first time Brazillian waxes and will make you feel comfortable.
They will explain everything and talk to you the whole time to keep your mind busy.
The "back side" isn't as painful as the front so don't skip it.
Before you know it you are finished and walking out the door.
You will feel amazing after and ask yourself "why haven't I been waxing all along?
"  They are "waxing specialists" that you are dealing with so you can trust that they know 100% what they are doing.
As for rating the different members of the Birthday Suit staff.
I have had the owner and probably every girl that works there wax me.
I would recommend any of them.
I like to do walk-in appointments and I am never worried about who will be doing my waxing services that day.

This is such a great place!
So clean and Deanna is amazing.
I've gone to her now 3x for Brazilian/brows/lip and she does a great job.
Takes her time and always makes sure everything is perfect.
Not to mention she's just really nice.
Highly recommend this place.
They only use hard wax which is great.
Who wants to be waxed with strips?
Not this girl.
Plus you can't beat the prices!
$35 for a Brazilian and $50 for all three (Brazilian,lip and brow).
Great place.
To check them out!

Love this place!
THe girls are nice and friendly and not awkward at all.
Getting waxed can seem awkward and uncomfortable, but these girls keep it professional and pressure free.
I always feel like I'm walking into a girl friends house when I go there.
the prices are very fair, and they offer a ton of deals and special offers so you never feel like you are getting the short end of the stick.
I go there once a month and I always look forward to my appointment.
If you are nervous or scared just give it a shot, I promise you will walk out feeling confident and comfortable.

Stacey and her team, make having a Brazilian a pleasant experience.
Believe it!
I have been coming here, once a month since I moved here, two years ago.
Great prices (I always buy the wax package - great deal), the wax they use is by far my favorite kind, it is clean and the girls are always friendly and very respectful.
My eldest boy (4) comes with me and plays in the area they have set up for kids with videos, coloring and toys.
He calls it "the place with the fire truck".
I shall be a loyal customer for as long as I live here.

I absolutely love this place and love Vanessa!!!
They have great prices, the staff is always super friendly and it is very clean!
Always a pleasant experience at TBS!

Okay, So I have to write an update on their customer service.
This morning I gave a call to add another service to my appointment next week & the person I spoke with was absolutely sweet.
I forgot her name, but she definitely deserves a gold medal of some sort.
Given how busy they are, I was a little scared that I wouldn't be able to get my 2nd service done, but she was able to squeeze me in anyways!
Freaking awesome.
Also, TBS has this Birthday Suit special where you can get a special price for getting a wax the week of your birthday (I just found about it literally today - a little over a week from my birthday) and when I asked if it was too late, she went ahead and added it to my reservation to make sure I get my discount!
How exciting?!
I was so happy to find out how much they care about their customers.
Not many businesses do.
These ladies definitely know how to treat us!
My best friend & mom come here as well & TBS is a huge topic of our conversation when we refer friends to a good waxing spa.
My last review was too short, and I just need to update it to give these girls some justice!
Customer Service - 5 Stars, easily.
They're very detail oriented, I've never had to repeat myself, and most of all, they're friendly and polite!
Esthetician Technique - 5 Stars.
She uses hard wax (making the experience not as painful as soft wax/strips).
She never double dips & she is fully aware of how to pull the hair.
I've never had issues with ingrown hairs after a service here and neither has my mom.
She's also very warm.
(The old waxing places I used to go to always complain about "how much hair I have.
") Like, relax...that's why I'm getting waxed.
Not at TBS.
She completes that task at hand, without a single complaint & never makes me feel insecure about "how much hair I have.
" Just....fabulous!
Comfort - 5 Stars.
Everyone from the staff to the esthetician, from the lobby to the waxing room.
The whole experience is absolutely comfortable.
They even have a little playroom for the little ones!
The entire ambiance of TBS is super chic and clean, which definitely helps when you're worried about your hygiene.
Convenience - 4 Stars.
They're a way's from my home in Summerlin, but their hours are SO flexible.
Regardless of their location, no matter where you live, their services are totally worth it to drive your tush to that side of town!
Prices - 5 Stars.
Absolutely reasonable.
They have special discounts.
Be sure to follow them on Twitter & Instagram for promos.
They also have specially priced waxing packages.
If you don't go here....  "You must've just lost yo mind.
" - Beyonce

I've just had the most amazing appointment with Daniele.This was the most painless bikini wax I've ever had!
I'd highly recommend this establishment.The team was very friendly and the service was superb.
Big thanks,The Birthday Suit!

I have been coming here for over a year now for Brazilian waxes.
I absolutely love this place!
I regularly see Deanna.
She is so sweet and cool to talk to.
She takes my mind off of the fact that she's waxing me and will talk about anything to keep me cool and comfortable.
I have also seen Jennifer and she is great as well.
I never have issues making an appointment or getting in the same day.
The girls that work up front are really nice and call to confirm your appointment so you don't forget.
I love this place.
Great prices, products, and service.
Come here if you're looking to get waxed.
You won't regret it.

I wasn't able to book with Angela so I made an appointment with Jennifer.
Equally as good and she made me aware of the free touch up within 5 days that they offer, and I took advantage!

It's always stressful finding a new place of business when it comes to beautification and maintaining it.
I came to this placed based on the previous Yelp reviews and I was not disappointed.
I loved the first time $20 Brazilian price and $35 for maintenance is pretty darn reasonable.
Jennifer was my gal that I saw, and she was quick, super friendly and honestly it was the least painful wax I've had in a long time.
Can't wait to continue to give this place my biz!

I had my first appointment at The Birthday Suite yesterday!
First off, I called in the morning hoping for a same day appointment.
I was happy to hear they could fit me in same day, which with my hectic schedule this was a major plus!
This was my first Brazilian wax (like I said hectic schedule never made it a priority to set an appointment just figured shaving was easier and faster).
My appointment was with Danielle!
She was super sweet and very comforting.
She worked very quickly but was still very thorough, another plus!
She definitely made my experience very smooth ( no pun intended) .
I will definitely be back these girls are extremely welcoming, fun and fast!

I actually love this place.
I used to go to the Pretty Kitty but was recommended this place by some girlfriends.
Walking in, they have a nice waiting area with couches AND a play room for CHILDREN.
That is completely awesome to me because the Pretty Kitty doesn't even allow children there.
They use a hard wax here vs. soft wax at PK - not a huge difference for me with this.
They do take their time here so the waxing does take a bit longer than at PK because over there they are just suppose to take ten minutes per session which I think is great because I am in and out SUPER fast, so I just have to be a little more patient here.
It's all good though.. AND the Brazilian wax is significantly less expensive here PLUS you if you get referrals you get a discount on your wax AND for first timers it's ultra cheap too!
This is my NEW spot!

Most amazing spot in town!
Been going for two years and have never had a bad experience.
The ladies are always polite and even have a place for your child can play while you get waxed.
Love the wax and aftercare products they have.
It has cut down on my ingrowns soooo much!
Always send my friends that come into town here and will continue to!
Keep it up ladies

I haven't had my eyebrows waxed in over a year.
I used to get mine done by the same guy who did my hair, but after he moved to Florida, I wasn't happy with the last person to do my brows (or hair) so I just put it off.
Being an avid yelper, I saw someone's review of this place a couple weeks ago, and bookmarked it.
Well...I have a photo shoot coming up this weekend, and REALLY wanted to get my eyebrows done before the shoot, so I called The Birthday Suit.
The woman on the phone was super nice, and asked if I'd been in before.
When I said I hadn't, she told me that eyebrow waxing is complimentary for first time customers.
Winning!
She was able to get me in same day, after work.
When I got there, I was pleased to find that the place was open, and VERY clean.
I was given a packet to fill in, and advised that it would be a few minutes.
I was pretty early.
They have a coffee/water station set up by the door, and have a wide array of products from body washes to jewelry to purchase.
3 minutes past my appointment time, the receptionist apologized and said that it would be just a couple more minutes, which was super nice...she could have just ignored me...
I took the opportunity to use their restroom, which was very clean as well.
When I came back out, Chantelle, the girl who was going to do my eyebrows, came out to get me, and took me into the room to get my brows done.
She was AWESOME.
Very polite, and made me feel very comfortable.
She asked how I wanted my brows done, and let me tell you, she did a PERFECT job.
I had warned her that sometimes I get really itchy after waxing, but they use an all natural calming ointment after the waxing is done, and I didn't itch at all last night.
I'm thrilled to have found a great new place, now I can maintain my eyebrows and not look like a caveman.
:)  They also offer deals, like if you buy 4 of the same service, you get the 5th for free.
I can't recommend this place enough.
I may even try a Brazilian next time.

I came here initially for their $20 first time brazilian special.
I was a little afraid, because for $20 you might expect somewhere a little decrepit and a shoddy job at that.
What I experienced instead was friendly service from check-in all the way to the end of the experience.
My technician was really quick!
Brazilians are $35 after that, which is comparable to other facilities, but choose this location for the fast and friendly staff!

So let's just start off by saying my first eyebrow wax was the worst experience of my life.
My eyebrows were certainly not even and my waxer managed to wax my skin off too!
(I was NOT using any prescribed products) I swore I would never wax again...but I decided to give it another shot & I'm glad I did!
Deanna was amazing.
I told her about my previous experience and she ensured me that there was nothing to worry about.
My eyebrows look soooo much better!!
The Birthday Suit is such a pleasant experience: the receptionist,  the waiting room, facility cleanliness and my waxer...I'm definitely coming back!

I love this place!!
Everyone is always so nice...
The Receptionists are always helpful and I have yet to encounter a bad waxer, although my top 3 favorites would be Angela, Deanna, and Jen...
The Birthday Suit also has great offers so if you haven't yet, I suggest you check them out!

I have been getting Brazilians for over 8 years now and I LOVE them!
I was once a loyal of BOX Wax client but they moved to Tivoli which, living in Mountains Edge is just not convenient for me.
A hop and skip away from me though is The Birthday Suit.
I was hesitant to try this place...$35 for a full off Brazilian?
Too good to be true!
I later  scheduled my appointment and went in to find a cute little lobby with lots of fun zines for me to read.
I was then taken into their wax room and left to freshen up- wipes readily available.
I was fortunate enough to see Deanna.
I gave her my wax history and she hers.
We talked about the usual what do you do for a living...you know- anything to keep your mind off this pain for beauty process.
Next thing I knew it was all over and Deanna lathered calming awesome lotion over the waxed area.
Area btw was completely hairless and I was a happy camper!
I paid my $35 + tip & scheduled my next!
Been coming here since!
Great service, friendly staff and email reminders!
Love this place!

Great Brazilian bikini wax.
Awesome staff.
My local stop when I am in Vegas!
I seriously wish I could fine a place in California that does a Brazilian bikini wax as good as the Birthday Suit in Las Vegas but can't so far!

Worst customer service!
Called to let them know I was going to be 3-5mins late for my appointment and was told that I would be fine.
Got there in exactly 6mins and was told that my service could not be done!
And couldn't be done until hours later that day.
Needless to say, I was pissed and walked out.
Thinking back, the receptionist didn't even know what type of bikini wax I was getting or if that extra minute would make a difference or not.

Went here March 23, 2014 I never wax my eyebrows and I thought maybe id give it a shot.
The lady who was waxing them said that the wax only sticks to the hair and not to the skin.
After we were done a pimple that I had in the middle of my eyebrows was bleeding.
Both sides of my eyebrows had the skin ripped off.
I was so disappointed and embarrassed I paid and tipped her and ran out of there.
Worse experience.
I wouldn't recommend it.
I have no idea why I even tipped her.

Thank you for offering me a refund and calming creme.
I am upset with the fact that you said I should have put down that I'm taking acne medication but those forms were filled out over a year ago and I've only been to you once prior to this.
Just like other any other business you should update your forms at least every 6 months.
You shouldn't post lies on the internet.
She never stopped when I mentioned I had taken acne medication.
She informed me that the only medication that would rip my skin off would be accutane.
Which I am not taking.
No one before putting the wax on my skin asked me if I was on any acne medication.
I should have said something as I was there but I was so embarrassed and upset I just wanted to run out of your establishment.

I want to give props to the ladies of the birthday suit.
I had my first Brazilian wax today and everything went well.
The facility was nice and comfortable and the staff was friendly.
The wax was not as bad as I though.
I appreciate my waxer making me feel very comfortable.
I'm definitely coming back to them.
A first time $20 Brazilian wax was great.

Taylor was great!!
Waxing can be difficult and Taylor made it such a good experience.
Such a cute place!

I have been coming here to get waxed for over a year even though I have not checked in here every time I have come.
I have been seeing Deanna for my waxing and before that I was with another gal, but she moved.
The staff here are awesome and so is the owner.
I used to also go to Pretty Kitty, but once I found out how reasonable the prices are here and the services I went here and never looked back.
I have ran late a couple of times and they pushed my appointment to a later spot.
That's only because I called AND they had spots available.
(I work in a place where our appointments must start on time otherwise it throws the rest of the day off.
We try to accommodate our late guests and reschedule, but sometimes it's either later in the day or even the next day because we are so booked.
) When I found out it could be accommodated I was surprised and very grateful.
I definitely recommend coming here.
I am also a mommy and it's nice to see that I can bring my child here if I had to when I have appointment.
The owner really knows what she is doing and I will continue to be a loyal customer!
Keep up the awesome work ladies!

I usually don't write a review as soon as I leave, but I am sitting in my car writing because this was seriously the BEST waxing experience I've had in my life!!!
I've been to a number of spas, and none have matched the level of service, value, and overall experience that The Birthday Suit offered.
The spa itself is very clean and inviting.
The waiting area is comfortable and aesthetically pleasing, with a quirky vibe.
After checking in and completing the intake paperwork, you are ushered into your room for service and given a moment to disrobe.
Of course, no one would describe waxing as particularly pleasant, but this was not bad at all.
Vanessa (I hope I am remembering her name correctly), my technician, was both professional and friendly, and chatted enough to keep you distracted.
The hard wax that they use really makes a difference- it is less painful than other types, and there are no cloth strips to worry about.
I usually have to ask the technician to go back over areas or tweeze out stray hairs that they may have missed, but there was not a single hair remaining once she finished- and it took under 15 minutes for a full Brazilian!
To top it off, the prices are the lowest I've ever seen, and first time visitors only pay $20 for a Brazilian and get a free exfoliating body wash for checking in on Yelp.
I cannot say enough about The Birthday Suit, except to say that they have my highest recommendation, and I will be back!

I've been coming to TBS on and off for the past year and a half.
My girl Jasmine who's there only Mondays and Wednesdays usually does my waxes.
Not only is she the best waxer in the world, but the sweetest person ever.
Yes, it hurts, I am not going to lie.
But it gets easier after the first time, I promise.
Do yourself a favor ladies (and some gents), get a Brazilian at TBS!!
You won't regret it.

After searching through so many places, I finally decided to go through with the birthday suit for my first ever, professionally done, Brazilian wax.
I chose this spot because of the positive reviews and price.
For first timers, it's $20 and $35 thereafter.
No one can beat that!
I have always shaved and have recently gotten very tired of the constant maintenance (plus ingrown hairs)!
So...
I decided to give waxing a try.
First of all, let me just say, I was always turned off with waxing because I've heard horror stories about how painful it is!
Plus, I'm somewhat uncomfortable with my body.
Exposing myself to a complete stranger took a lot but I'm glad I went through with it.
Making an appointment was really easy.
The first time I tried, they recommended that I wait another week... Just so that there is enough hair for a proper waxing.
I waited, and called back again.
They were able to get me in on the same day, just a couple hours after I called.
Convenience?
Check!
When I got there, filled out some paperwork and was taken back to a small private room.
I am horrible with names and totally cannot remember my esthetician's name.
I think it was Taylor?
Anyways, she explained the whole process to me and made me feel super comfortable.
I was afraid it would be awkward but I was at ease the entire time.
The waxing was great.
It was not as painful as I expected it to be.
They use a special hard wax there that does not require the strips.
I hear that the those are what causes pain so I'm glad I was able to avoid it.
I ended up getting a full Brazilian.
The entire process took about 10 minutes.. Maybe even less.
My whole experience was amazing.
I can't believe I have waited this long to finally try waxing.
I'm pretty sure that I will continue on with waxing and I look forward to my next visit!
The Birthday Suit rocks!

I used to go to the Pretty Kitty.
But after needing waxing in December and having 3 days in a row of trying to call for an appointment and only getting their answering machine, I started looking elsewhere.
I decided to try the Birthday Suit after seeing so many awesome reviews.
This place really deserves them!
They were very professional and made me feel so comfortable.
My second visit wasn't quite as awesome, the receptionist wasn't very friendly and the esthetician went over the same spots too many times (on a brazilian) and I ended up with more irritation than necessary.
But I will definitely be returning, I'll just be asking for the same gal I had the first time.

I went into this business to get a wax today and had such an unfriendly experience I left without even getting anything done.
When I walked in, there was a receptionist sitting at the desk.
She didn't bother looking up at me from whatever she was doing.
No smile or greeting.
She slammed a clipboard down on the table for me to fill out but I felt so uncomfortable in her presence  that I just left.
Seems like a lot of people have had the same experience but all those comments are hidden by whoever is managing their yelp account.

This was my first bikini wax ever and Vanessa was so nice and she kept me calm.
It wasn't terrible at all...I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.

all of the girls are really sweet and super professional!
none of them make getting your stuff waxed an awkward situation, which I love!

Decided to give this place a 2nd chance since I was in the area & needed a hard wax Brazilian!
And I must say it was pretty darn good!
Really not painful at all for a Brazilian and super clean and speedy!

I was beyond disappointed with the service I received here I tried them out because of all the great reviews on yelp but even tho the service was less painful then The Pretty Kitty the results from TPK were 100% better then the T.Birthday.S  I had so much hair left on me it was ridiculous

First thing's first: The wax is great.
Quick, thorough, as painless as possible.
Now, service is a different story.
I had always received good service but this last time was really, really annoying.
When I first called, I was immediately put on hold for 5 minutes and 23 seconds.
What about a, "I'm helping another client, can I call you right back?
"  After I booked, I realized I didn't have my debit card so I called back.
Another hold (about 2 minutes) to ask if I could give them my card over the phone.
No dice - it's against their policy.
But, they said, "just call us back if you need to reschedule.
We have availability before or after.
" So, it turns out I do need to reschedule.
I call a 3rd time and placed on hold a THIRD FREAKING TIME.
And of course, now they don't have the availability to switch my service.
Uggghh.
Fine.
I'll just rearrange everything to keep my original time.
Finally, an appointment.
When I show up, there are 3 girls chatting behind the counter.
And when I finally get in the room to get the service, the esthetician doesn't speak to me at all.
Not one word.
Perhaps it was just an off day for everyone involved.
Next service, I'll update my rating if things are different.

The first time here I wasn't too thrilled.
It was extremely painful and I was left with a ton of hair even after the complimentary touch up.
However I asked for a new girl for my 2nd appointment and got Deanna who was amazing!
She got most of the hair and omg it was like ripping off a bandaid.
It was such a breeze compared to last apt.

I've been coming here for a little over a year.
Every time the service is good and aestheticians are nice, though it seems like I never see the same person twice.
I think only one time I wasn't 100% pleased with the wax.
I mostly started coming to the place because it's close to me than other waxing places in town.
This morning, however, is the last time I will go to this business.
I have noticed their cancellation/no show policy before, but I never saw what was mentioned to me this morning.
I showed up 4 min late.
My fault of course, but the girl said it was 6 min (though the clock on their wall said it was 5).
I was told she was no longer available to accommodate my appointment.
I just had been waxed 4 weeks ago so it's not like it would have taken more than 5 min anyway.
I asked for another appointment and how I had never heard of this 6 minute rule (not even going to argue about the clock saying something else).
She said another was available at 11:30 and I said that would be fine.
Then she informed me I would need to pay a "rebooking fee"... an extra $15 just to rebook.
I said I have no problem prepaying for an appt but I'm not paying extra for some policy I never heard of.
I said forget it, walked out and made an appt elsewhere.
By the way, I wait approximately 10 min or longer every time I do show up for my appointments.
A little backwards policy if you ask me.

love this cute spot.
They have trained friendly professionals who know exactly what they're doing.. Easy in and out.
I would recommend this place to anyone.

My first time here and I must say I am impressed.
For prices to be so much lower than in Summerlin, and for service to be as quick, and thorough...it was very refreshing to see great service!
Jennifer S. was quick, talkative, and this is my go to place,  and she is my go to girl.

Horrible place!!
They have a policy u can go back 1 to 5 days so the girls don't care they half ass it it's a waste of time to go back it's so far place sucks don't go here the girls are to rough when they pull it went to three different girls all the same and suck !

I was out in Vegas on vacation and in need of a last minute waxing job - and this place was awesome!
I read the reviews and was very excited to come in.
First off, I called to make an appointment (even though they state they take walk-ins) and the lady on the phone was very informative and quickly offered me several appointments the same day.
I told her it was my first visit with them and she quickly gave me the run-down about their late/no-show policy, etc.
and directions.
When I arrived, I was greeted promptly and filled out some minimal paperwork/consent forms.
The wait was short and then I was soon brought back by Vanessa (the owner I believe?
) herself.
The place is a cute little spot in a small shopping center and the waiting area was cozy.
The rooms were clean and Vanessa explained everything to me before we got started.
She was very sweet and quick and painless.
I've always been used to getting brazilian waxes done with the waxing strips, but here, they use hard wax which was awesome!
Instead of going over areas several times with the strips and hot wax -- most of the hairs came out in one or two tries and it didn't hurt at all.
I definitely love hard wax better than sugaring or strips at this point.
Seriously.
I was in and out probably within 10 minutes and then checked out at the front.
The front desk staff is also just as nice and I got to use the offer on yelp if you check-in - so I walked out with a little mini bottle of exfoliating body wash.
I would definitely come back whenever I'm back out in Vegas!
Best part of all -- they have tons of new client specials :) Brazilian was only $20 for me this first time (normally back home in DC/VA, the price is double at $50+), so it was such a steal and such a pleasant surprise/experience.

good price clean facilities however seems like this cold wax doesn't work as good or last as long as hot wax and I don't really have thick hair but worth a shot to each is own

