I hired Property AZ to rent my upside-down home in North Peoria (stuck with the house so we rent it out), they are very experienced and had great customer service.
I have had bad experiences in the past with management companies not taking care of the renters or getting back to me.

Brian at PropertyAZ has done a great job for us since we signed on with his company.
We were self-managing a rental property near ASU, but after moving to Colorado we realized that we needed someone to handle this house for us.
I was reticent to use a property management service, as I've been "underwhelmed" by what I've seen before we worked with Brian.
He's exceeded our expectations, and I'd recommend him to anyone who needs a property manager.

Very professional, always returns my calls and very easy to work with.

These guys are awesome!
I referred them over to my cousin who was having a hard time renting his home.
Brian V. got with him and totally took care of him.
He got him more than the asking price for the monthly rent and everything was handled with the best of care.
Totally recommend these guys and will continue to do so!

I moved here from Maryland.
I needed to find a house to rent.
I talked to Patty Walberer from Property AZ.
I gave her the parameters of my needs of a house and my preference to live in Surprise.
She had me looking at houses the next day.
I had many options to choose and was able to easily make a decision.
Patty is very knowledgeable, efficient  and fun to work with.
I would recommend her to anyone in needs of renting out a property or trying to get a property to rent.

Eva has been AMAZING to work with!
Eva and her team handled everything with the sale of my home to perfection...her experience with marketing and pricing the home resulted in a sale in less than 20 days with a price that exceeded expectations.
Highly recommended!

Brian at Property AZ was absolutely phenomenal in helping getting our house rented.
Living in Vancouver, Canada we thought it would be much harder to have a rental property so far away.
He made the process smooth and seamless and we know we have nothing to worry about since Brian is so organized and efficient.
Absolutely amazing work!
Highly, highly recommended.

I really believe this company is sincere & professional in their business.
They only want the very best for both their clients as well as their tenants!

