If you want a great sandwich in Madison, come to Capriott's, hands down.
The Bobbie is basically thanksgiving on a hoagie, with awesome hand-pulled turkey, cranberry sauce and just the right amount of mayo.
And the Capastrami is awesome if you're looking for something hot.
Hot pastrami with russian dressing and cole slaw, perfect combination of ingredients.
The bread is nothing to write home about, but very solid as well.
The prices are higher than Quiznos/Subway etc., but you're paying for much higher quality ingredients.
Gotta say, I miss living right down the street from this joint.

I've been here a few times and I enjoy the cheesesteak with onions and both sweet and hot peppers quite a bit.
It's better than other sandwich shops downtown.
Aside from having a sandwich that I like, this place really needs to get things together.
It's never easy to park.
I always have to drive around the block in circles trying to find a street spot to park.
On one visit I got to counter in the evening as the only customer and watched two employees sitting in the back on their cell phones for over a minute before being greeted and served.
I stopped in at 9:30 on Friday night, a half hour before close, and as I walked in I was told that they had no sandwich bread.
I suppose it's worth it to Capriotti's corporate to pay their employees and the utility company to keep the lights on just to turn away paying customers.
The more likely scenario is that they don't pay a manager to maintain the business properly.
Any business that runs out of the single ingredient required for their signature menu items and doesn't give customers a voucher at the door to come back for a discounted or free sandwich on the next visit needs to re-evaluate why they are even in business to begin with.

Great place for gourmet subs.
I love the capastrami, and anything with turkey.
The daily roasted turkey's here definitely separate them from all the other sub shops.
The only thing it's expensive ($9.50 for a 12" sub) but if you get lucky you can get a survey on your receipt for $3 off your next order.
The service is getting better, but it can still be slow during peak times because the sandwiches by convention take longer to make than say at a jimmy john's.

