I visited Zen Medicinals recently looking for some assistance with some chronic leg pain.
This was something I'd been dealing with for awhile, per a suggestion I went to see Dr. Ramsey.
I'd never seen an acupuncturist and didn't know what to expect, I was pleasantly surprised.
After a thorough consultation he began the treatment.
The issues I was experiencing prior to my visit have not returned, thanks again.

Muki truly knows medicine.
I've been seeing him for years now with great success.
He puts you at ease with every visit.
Amy, RN

I was always skeptical of acupuncture but finally decided to give it a try when I had a neck and shoulder injury resulting from a minor car accident.
Muki is a highly knowledgeable, and very compassionate doctor.
He took the time to get to know me and conduct a thorough survey of my lifetime health issues.
After his consultation, he administered acupuncture on my neck and shoulder and with one treatment, resolved my issue.
I have returned to Muki since, and have total confidence in Muki's honesty (he tells me up front what he can and cannot fix), and his professional abilities (he fixes the things he says he can fix).
Whether you are a skeptic or believer in acupuncture...I highly recommend Muki.

I went to see Muki because a friend recommended that I see him and learn more about acupuncture as I was one big skeptic and a strong believer in Western medicine.
Got a cold see the doctor and get a pill.
I have to say I was impressed when I went to Muki's office after a long day in at my office.
I immediately felt the calmness of his office the second I walked in.
The music was nice and his staff was very friendly and quick to make me feel welcome.
Like his video stated Muki spent an hour learning everything about ME and it was nice to be able to just talk and have some listen for once.
Muki was patient and answered all my questions about acupuncture and he addressed my concerns.
I felt comfortable enough that I allowed Muki to work on me and do a little stress relief.
Boy was I shocked how painless and fast I felt completely relaxed.
The needles did not hurt and feeling the energy going through my body made me an instant believer.
The part I love the most was at the end, Muki did an amazing massage on my upper back that I had never experienced before and I would recommend asking for it if your next visit!
Muki made a believer out of me and I will be back!

I went to Zen Medicinals after a friend recommended I try acupuncture for some chronic shoulder pain I was experiencing.
In less than 3 months, I've been pain free for days, then weeks on end.
What a relief.
Doctor Ramsey also recommended some natural seratonin because I was experiencing sleepless nights & emotional moodiness due to menopause.
I sleep much better now & my emotions are definitely much more even keeled.
I can highly recommend Muki as a healthcare practitioner.
I am overjoyed with the results I've experienced in such a short period.

Best acupuncture we have had.
Calm, soothing, pleasant environment in a convenient location.
Muki is an incredibly compassionate and professional practitioner who takes his time to get to know his patients and their needs and works to solve their health issues.
We were both very impressed by and pleased with his treatments and his kindness.
You will be well-served if you give him your business!

