I was surprised.
I had modest expectations that were summarily surpassed.
I had the 22 oz bone-in ribeye and it was outstanding.
From the ranch of the M Resort owners.
It was tender, juicy and flavorful.
Just a little less expensive than the high-end meat joints on the strip....steak in the 40s instead of 50s.
But worth it.
Wine list is good, not great; but workable.
Service was very good.
This goes on my list of first-rate Vegas steakhouses.
Just opened so they're eager to please.

This place was INCREDIBLE.
It is located inside of the M Resort and I do believe it used to be called something else as I recall eating here once before.
The service was beyond any expectation.
Our server was accommodating, knowledgable, and extremely pleasant without being overbearing.
The staff was all around great -- our drinks never reached the halfway point before being refilled.
The food was great.
I had the sea bass which is probably the best piece of fish I have ever eaten.
It encompassed everything a good piece of fish is suppose to taste like.
We had a few sides which were all great, and other two people in my party had prime rib and steak which they were all delighted with.
The total bill for all 3 was somewhere around $120...money well spent for the extraordinary food and service.

The filet mignon with a side of bernaise and mashed potatoes were really tasty!
Not a huge fan of the lobster ravioli..
The staff was nice and tentative..
Overall a good experience..

Great food and service!
Was not a fan of the Ahi Tuna app, but everything else was delicious.

As you all know, Vegas has tons of steak houses so it is tough to say one is greater than another.....this place rocks!
Ambiance - typical M style open environment with tall ceilings.
Not intimate yet nice feeling regardless  2.
Parking - you are in a casino resort so be prepared forth normal walk and navigation through a smokey casino.
Service -  I would say near or at the top of the class.
From the reception to the server to the table bus position, I found all to just right.
Food -  wow!
Had the bone in filet mignon.
First time to try a bone in filet.
This was a very thick cut and I had it media, rare.
It was just right throughout the entire cut.
I wonder how they do it without butterflying the filet???
For the table, we also had the ribeye and this was not their prime cut bone in, yet it was tasty.
Also had the Ahi tuna, asparagus,scalloped potatoes and wild mushrooms.
Everything was perfect!
Wine list - great selection of California wines, italians and even some French, Australians and Chilean!
Some were very expensive yet even the reasonably priced   Malbec was nice  Some of the best steaks I tried with the right atmosphere so I say, check this place for sure

I was a bit hesitant to try this place out as there was not a lot of people in the restaurant.
For starters, it is off the strip at the M Resort, but I had some friends that were staying there for a tournament so I we tried the steakhouse out.
It was not crowded so the service was really good.
I was surprised with the quality of the steak - i had the 22 oz bone-in rib eye and it was cooked quite well.
It came topped with some shoestring onions and also a side of bernaise sause (you could choose from a variety of sauces as well).
My friend had the fish (forgot which one), but it was also very good.
The price of the food is a little lower than some of the places on the strip and since the restaurant only recently opened, they are definitely trying their best to please you.
I would say that its a good option for those not wanting to spend too much money and are willing to explore places off the strip where it is definitely not as crowded.

I went here with a friend last night.
We were really looking forward to this place based on much of the praise here on Yelp.
My first impression of the ambiance here was that it was too open and sterile.
It definitely lacks the intimacy of most steakhouses.
I was with a friend, but if I were on a date, I certainly would have chosen another restaurant.
The service was good, but certainly not top notch.
When you go to a steakhouse, you expect a much more refined staff.
Don't get me wrong...
The staff here was friendly and attentive, but their approach was more of what I'd expect at a Cheesecake Factory.
Looking at the wine list, there were many names that I have become familiar with over the years.
However, their wines are VERY overpriced.
I've been to a number of steakhouses, and this is the first where I've seen at least 90 percent of the wines marked up over $100 a bottle.
The only wines that were below $100 were cheaper names like Beringer.
This was a major disappointment for me.
Wines should not be marked up this much.
We ended up with a bottle of cabernet sauvignon that cost about $50, but really tasted more like a typical $25 bottle.
We started our meal with the prosciutto salad.
Incredible.
It was the perfect combination of salty and sweet favors.
My friend ordered the bone-in ribeye.
I ordered the bone-in filet mignon.
I've never hear of a bone-in filet, but it was truly amazing.
Definitely the best filet I've ever had.
My friend's ribeye was very good as well.
Both of us added the shrimp as a seafood option.
I don't know what they did, but the seasoning on the shrimp was not good.
My friend gave me his shrimp because he couldn't stand the taste.
He said it tasted like the smell of an electrical transformer from a toy train set.
We were so full by dessert that we could not order the chocolate souffle that our server suggested.
Instead, we opted for the berries soaked in a marnier sauce of some kind.
It was very good.
Overall, the food at Anthony's exceeded my expectations (except for the shrimp).
Unfortunately, for me, wine is a big factor.
Seeing that they more than double their wine prices compared to higher-end steakhouses is just unacceptable.
Do I regret dining here?
No.
But I would probably not return to Anthony's given other steak alternatives in the Las Vegas/Henderson area.
Personally, my suggestion would be to visit Hank's Fine Steaks & Martinis at Green Valley Ranch.

Only reviewing happy hour....
Very tasty appetizers, good portions.
French Onion soup is chronic.
Nice TV's and a sportsbook close by for betting.
Service is great.
Ambiance is very modern and fits the rest of the M.

This was a very solid meal, and better than when we went back when it was Terzetto's (sp?).
I had the crab cakes to start, which were nothing to write home about, but fine.
We shared a shrimp cocktail.
This comes with 3 large shrimp that were prepared well and typical cocktail sauce, with extra horse radish if you so choose.
This was a nice touch, we could have used more actually.
The shrimp was a nice starter.
My wife had the prosciutto salad, which was good and a nice size.
The real stars were the steaks.
I had the bone-in ribeye and my wife had the bone-in filet.
Both were cooked perfectly (mine to medium rare and hers to rare) and very flavorful.
They are both (according to the menu) dry aged, and the taste was there for a dry aged steak.
Our table shared the scalloped potatoes, mushroom mix, spinach, and green beans as sides.
Of these, all agreed the potatoes and spinach stood out.
The green beans were good, but very basic.
The wine list is not impressive, but VERY reasonable as far as pricing goes.
This is particularly true of the after dinner drinks.
Our server was very knowledgeable regarding the wine list.
Service was attentive but not overbearing.
We live in Henderson and will return.

My family and friends also ended up at APSS during Thanksgiving dinner because Studio B was overcrowded.
My experience was better than one other yelper who also spent TG at APSS.
Great experience!
We didn't have any reservations but we were seated immediately.
Nobody in my party took advantage of the $45pp Thanksgiving menu.
I ordered the bone in ribeye cooked medium.
It was superlicious!!!!!
Superb steak!
Our waiter was very attentive and our glasses were always filled to the rim.
Excellent service.
Desset was amazing and well presented.
It was a perfect evening.
The wasn't so nice was the $700 bill.

Great service and food.
I eat here often and it's well worth the price.
Always an excellent dining experience with Florin.
Great strip view and good drink options.
Highly recommend.

I ordered the 12oz Prime Rib of Beef with a side of Sauteed Wild Mushrooms.
I had my prime rib rare and the cut came as that.
The mushrooms were a little slow in coming 'cos the waiter didn't hear me the first time I ordered.
The mushrooms really complimented my prime rib.
My sister ordered the Pan Seared Sea Bass - like butter!
Delicious!
'  The rest of the table ordered the Asian noodle soups - it was OK.  Not as good for them.
Definitely, their selling point is BEEF!
Better still is when the meal is comped by M Resort!
Thanks, M Resort!

Pretty standard steak definitely good but nothing to brag about.
For the money there are definitely better places to go on the strip but for the area it's not a bad choice.

One of the best meals I have ever had!
I went to Anthony's on New Year's Day night, after hearing several different people recommend it.
The restaurant is absolutely gorgeous on the inside, and the menu is full of amazing-sounding steaks and seafood.
Our server's name was David, and he made our experience PERFECT!
He was accommodating but not too pushy, and did a great job steering us towards entrees he thought we'd like.
We brought our own wine, but started out with a round of martinis, which were excellent.
I've been to restaurants where the server seemed miffed about us bringing our own wine, but David was quite the opposite: He complimented us on our tastes and poured the wine in a very professional manner.
We ordered: beef carpaccio (great), oysters (amazing, fresh, beautiful presentation), Bouliasbasse (the best I've had), and sea bass (tender, flavorful).
The food was paced out perfectly, where we didn't feel rushed but also didn't feel like we were sitting around waiting too long for the next round.
The ambience is lovely - a great place for a romantic dinner.
I probably wouldn't bring kids there, but only because it seems designed for adults who want a fantastic dinner in an upscale setting.
I can not think of one aspect for this restaurant to imrove upon.
It is great food, great service, and then prices are extremely reasonable!

Excellen,t food and service.
A little pricy, but well worth it for a special occaision.

This was really an excellent meal.
I went to Anthony's last night and I'm so glad I did.
I had the 18 ounce, bone in filet done black and blue.
First, the bread basket they bring you has a trio of breads from which to choose.
There was sesame lavash, raisin bread, and regular sliced French bread.
With it, they brought butter that had some olive oil on it to give it extra flavor and they ground sea salt on the butter.
Yay!
The steak was exactly the way I like it--charred and cool inside.
Just walk the cow through the kitchen!
On the plate were some small greens making a small salad, a small broiled tomato half, and a grilled pearl onion.
I ordered for a side the tater tots with bacon and cheese.
These little critters are excellent.
Grated potato formed into small barrels around some bacon and cheese and then fried.
Delicious!
I ordered the chocolate soufflé for dessert at the beginning so my server would have the chef start it as I was nearing the end of my steak.
I needed to get to the other side of Las Vegas for a show, and I was beginning to worry about the time I had to get there.
It turned out to be fine.
The wait for the soufflé was well worth it.
There was a rich chocolate flavor and with the soufflé there was a small pitcher of chocolate sauce with small round chocolate crisps.
I opened the soufflé and poured in some of that good sauce.
The whole thing is highly addictive and may be on a controlled substance list somewhere.
My server was Leon and he was great.
Someone was there to refill iced tea, refill my water glass or remove dirty plates.
The room is very modern and I sat at a window table on the side and enjoyed watching the folks below who were coming back from the pool.
One of my better steak experiences in Las Vegas.

Went here for my mom's birthday.
What a great night!
Excellent meal with leftovers for the next day.
I got the lobster bisque and filet mignon.
It was delicious.
They brought a basket of different breads for the table.
If you like bread, you will love this basket.
My brother and I split the tab for my mom's birthday.
Total bill was around $300 for 5 people including a bottle of wine, apps, and entrees.
Worth it!
Would visit again if in the area.

If you come here, you must order the tomato mozzarella salad!
Hands down one of the best tomato mozzarella salad I've ever had!
I was expecting something small, but the salad was huge!
And they use the sweetest heirloom tomatoes, definitely worth every penny!
I also had the salmon, which is cooked perfectly.
It had a great sear on the outside and tender inside.
The ambience is great here and they have a huge outdoor deck with nice views.

A beautiful restaurant with a great view.
The steaks were awesome.
Loved the tater tots.
Our waiter, Bill, was wonderful.

A casino so elegant, that you swear that you've finally arrived!
Tony Marnell's new creation (post-Rio) has all the design elements that must be appreciated knowing he's one of the great casino designers, and his restaurants contribute in terms of ambience and great food.
We enjoyed it immensely.
We highly recommend this place if you just want to get off the strip and enjoy the extra value that beauty and aesthetics provide.
Plus the machines are loose!
We enjoyed dinner with Tony's son having dinner next to us with Mike Tyson and his friends.
Still a Las Vegas secret, but not for long!

My husband and I went here for the first time last night.
It was fantastic!!
We were so pleased with our meals.
The cocktails were fantastic!
Kudos to the bartender.
We started off with calamari and oysters rockefeller.
Both were delicious!!!
The calamari was so fresh and tender.
The oysters had great flavor with spinach and cheese.
My son had French fries and we ate more of the fries than he did, lol.
They were freshly cut with great seasoning.
We shared a bone in rib eye steak.
Let me tell you....this was one of the best steaks I ever had.
Excellent flavor, super tender, just plain delicious.
We walked (or rolled) outta there so satisfied.
It was a bit busy.
The only negative comment I would have is that we waited for the waiter a bit longer than we would have liked.
He must have been really busy because it took him a while to get back with us.
Luckily the food made up for it.
However, the waiters and runners were very friendly!
The decor in there is super sheik.
I love it!
We will definitely be back for sure!
We just live not too far away so it's great that it's so close to us.

Had a great meal BUT a horrid server, black male-forgot the name, who never checked on us.
My beer was gone during the appetizer and then at the end of my entree he asked would I like another beer.
Let me just say his tip reflected the service.
I had the fillet mignon and my friend had the Ahi.
I just hate how a dumb inattentive server can ruin a fine meal.
I still gave the four stars based on the food.

Ahi Tuna at a Steakhouse?
You bet, and boy was it excellent!
Prepared just right to my specifications like I know they do steaks!
I was there with a very large party, so between all of us, most of the major menu items were ordered.
No one, and I mean NO ONE had anything but rave reviews for their food.
Located inside the M Resort, this place makes the trip to Henderson worthwhile.
I'll be back!

The atmosphere was good, and the steaks were great, but the sides (mashed potatoes, broccoli) and dessert were just okay.
We waited for about 30 minutes for a table, having no reservation on a Saturday night.

This restaurant located in the M Resort and Spa.
Our Waiter was entertaining and helpful with our choices for dinner.
Ordered the Chilean Seabass that was sooooooo delicious.
Prime Rib and Rib-eye at our table was also a big hit.
Highly recommend this restaurant for a fine dining experience.

This is a beautiful steakhouse located in a locals casino on the outskirts of Vegas with primo service and excellent food.
My waiter Dwayne mentioned they have a top award winning pastry chef who makes fresh bread every day, and you can really taste the quality in the complimentary bread basket they give you.
It takes a lot of discipline not to fill up on the bread, it's really really amazing and I liked the walnut raisin bread the best.
So anyway, I continued my impromptu foie gras tour here (I previously had the billion dollar burger at Holsteins), after hearing about the special being served - buffalo steak with foie gras.
Now I've heard how lean buffalo meat is but have never tried it, so it sounded like the perfect time to try it out.
Looking through the appetizers, they had a fantastic assortment of appetizers and salads, including seafood appetizers.
But, of course, after I saw the foie gras appetizer I knew I had to order that dish, and I'm really glad I did.
First, it's a huge cut of foie gras and comes in a cherry compote, then drizzled with fresh basil oil and topped with cilantro.
Finally, it's served with brioche crustinis which give it the perfect texture combination.
Amazing!!!
The buffalo did not disappoint either, it was extremely tender and not dry at all for being a such a lean piece of meat.
It tasted like a prime cut beef filet, if not more flavorful.
Of course, it was complimented by another large piece of foie gras and topped with fried parsnips and truffled mashed potatoes.
The earthiness and different textures complimented each other magically and I ate everything which was a lot.
I love steakhouses and this was by far one an amazing choice.
I wasn't even planning on going to a steakhouse at the time but it's one of those last minute things that become memorable about a Vegas trip.
Definitely a great place to try!

Anthony's...just as good as its former Terzetto's.
Same great steaks and seafood (according to Hubby) and same great service.
We only had one iffy time while it has been Anthony's and our server corrected the problem immediately and professionally.
To preface this, we NEVER send back food but our steaks were clearly overdone; my filet was ordered medium but came out well done while Hubby's bone-in ribeye was ordered medium rare but, came out medium-medium well.
Again, I can't stress how well our server handled the situation.
When we go out for steaks, we're pretty much creatures of habit, filet mignon, ribeye, or bone-in ribeye.
Steaks at Anthony's are top-notch and can rival any steakhouse on the Strip.
Steaks do come with complimentary sauces such as bearnaise, bordelaise, and peppercorn--try the bordelaise!!!!
Another thoughtful note Anthony's provides for their steak diners are the complimentary roasted tomato topped with parmesan and a petite mixed greens salad with a very light lemon viniagrette.
For those of you who like french onion soup, please note they must've changed their recipe when they transitioned from Terzetto's to Anthony's.
The french onion soup tastes like it has tomato sauce/paste in it now; it used to be a robust beef stock flavor.
Sides are very good here.
I highly recommend their creamed corn.
Tater tots should be ordered only if you are having a very light dinner, as they're very dense and heavy.
Again, service is A to A+ and can also rival some of the most elite steakhouses on the Strip.
The contemporary decor in Anthony's hasn't changed much since it was Terzetto's.
It's still a very large restaurant with tons of seating options.
It has the oyster bar adjacent to it and a regular drinking bar off to the side.
Great place for dinner!

I'm so surprised to read all the good reviews as I just had a pretty bad meal.
The appetizers were amazing but it seems like they promote them and then sell them at half price in happy hour to make sure the locals come in and have a good time drinking and snacking.
We had the calamari and sashimi ahi tuna - both were very good, especially the tuna.
We then ordered lobster ravioli (i've had better from Fresh and Easy) and a filet.
The filet wasn't bad but I know packet mashed potatoes when I eat them and these were absolutely, 100%, packet mixed mash.
I was so surprised after such good appetizers.
I wouldn't normally say anything but I just couldn't help it.
The chef didn't come out, all I got was "oh no, they are definitely freshly made, I eat them every day" Sorry but I won't be back and I can recommend much better locals restaurants which are much cheaper.
I just feel sorry for the guests staying there who know no better

Disappointed.
I ordered the 18 oz.
bone in filet as recommended by our waiter versus 8 oz., medium.
When the filet arrived, I thought to myself "where is the beef?".
Beef was on one side of the small bone.
I expected an 18 oz.
to have beef on both sides of the bone.
I suspect the total weight was at most 10 oz.
It arrived cooked rare vesus medium ordered.
The lobster tail was luke warm with cold melted butter.
The tasteless bread basket tasted a bit stale, 1 day old with no taste!
Stay away from the sides.
The tater tots that our waiter recommended were almost burned.
The mac and cheese was worst that gthe box style you get in the store.
noodles were well done.
I decided not to complain since we were being taken out by someone else.
We will not go back.

Went back again to try the American Kobe steak.
This time I went during happy hour, and from 5-7 every day bar appetizers are all half off!
Because I wanted to save my appetite, I only ordered the clam chowder soup, which was rich and delicious, with plenty of clams.
Then came the kobe steak, which though wasn't a true Kobe from Japan, which would have been impossible for a variety of reasons, much less the $72 price tag, but the steak was raised under similar conditions apparently.
The beef was heavenly and there was a definite difference in taste and silky texture.
It was really tender, similar to biting into a thick piece of fat, but with the taste and feel of beef.
Totally unreal.
The only complaint I have is the accoutrements, which included supposed black truffle slices.
True black truffle has an instantaneous distinction, a strong earthy aroma and taste which enhances and pretty much overwhelms everything.
These waxy plastic chips had nothing- no smell, no taste, nothing.
It tasted like stale beets, with no taste to them.
I had to ask the waitress what they were because I had to make sure, and she verified they were supposed to be black truffles.
I remember seeing a 60 Minutes report on the truffle market in France, about cheap truffles made in China that was flooding the market and bared little resemblance to truffles.
Well, apparently they've found their way to Las Vegas unfortunately.
But it's easy to tell, real truffles would have brought the price of the meal up $400-500, so it's easy to overlook.
I'd prefer that they not put it in myself, to just add a drop of truffle oil or two if necessary.
At any rate, excellent 5 star meal overall, with their "Doughnuts and Coffee" for dessert.
The coffee part was an espresso chocolate syrup to dunk the doughnuts in, which were actually more like doughnut holes.
Unfortunately the doughnut pieces were too big to fit in the syrup cup, so you had to squish them to fit and with the whipped cream it was difficult, so they have a little to work out on that part.
I probably wouldn't order this again, but it was still good.

Service won me over at Anthony's.
Yes, the food was good.
The descent variety of aged steaks and seafood options were nice, and you can even go over to the kitchen to watch the food be cooked on the grills.
The variety of sides (tater tots with bacon and cheese?
Yes please) was also nice.
The food was very nice overall, with a variety of steak sauces ready to server.
But the service was spectacular.
Not too pushy, very kind, patient, and you knew the staff wanted to make you happy, not just wait on you.
If you're at the M and want a steak, you can't go wrong at Anthony's.

Great Restaurant, friendly staff, we dine a least once a week, best well dressed manager,  friendly he makes you feel your dining at his home.
Ask for him when your there his name is frank, keep up the great work you all do

The bone in filet mignon (I know that is a contradiction in terms) is the finest filet I've ever tasted.
The seared ahi tuna was perfectly done and fresh.
Service was friendly and professional, a little gregarious but in line with what you'd expect from a Vegas steakhouse.
Ambiance was very nice, decor is tasteful neo-modern.
The bill can be a shock, but if you're looking for a quality steak in Las Vegas in an upscale casino environment, plan to pay.

Awesome... Food, service, prosciutto salad, and the steaks are on par with any of the high end steakhouses in town.
We've eaten here several times and it is consistently excellent.

This review is based on the sum of all of my visits.
I tend to eat here a couple of times a month.
Let me start by saying that I am a fan of the M as a whole, it has a very casual feel to it.
Things I've loved... Salads: Wedge, Chopped, Mozzarella and my favorite the Blue Crab & Beet.
Apps: Carpaccio & Ahi Steaks: All.
they seem to run a Wagyu Strip as a special every week and it's the best of the bunch.
Blah, blah, blah  The reason for this review is to tell what to avoid.
Blackened Ahi Tuna.
I tend to avoid things that say blackened.
My reasoning is that it typically a pre purchased, generic seasoning blend.
I typically like to leave this option to a lower end restaurant, pub or dive bar.
Well, my bad.
I ordered it blackened.
If you like that great, but this whole dish was a fail.
Let me break it down one time.
Blackened= High heat butter, seasoning.
This was a quick sear (great for ahi) not so much for blackening.
Lemon Grass-Soy beurre blanc.
This tasted like Teriyaki  Sauce, which has no business near Louisiana.
It was accompanied by  "Risotto"?
It this point I am beyond the fact that "Anthony" is trying to fuse a bunch of flavors that don't get along with each other, but the Risotto is undercooked by at least 5 minutes, rendering it uneatable.
When I pointed this out to the server, who was great, I saw the look of "I knew this was coming" cover his face.
I got the impression he got that complaint a lot.
The explanation; an apologetic  "that's the way chef wants it.
Hey, al dente is great, undercooked...not so much.
The waiter offered to replace anything I ordered.
But hey, I ordered it.
My bad, but this dish needs to come off of the menu or at least re worked.
No, it needs to come off the menu.
If that was my first visit my feeling about the joint my feelings may/would be different.
Oh yeah...Halibut over cooked and slightly dry.
That being said...I'd go back tonight.
People are not robots.

This is one of my favorite places to go in Las Vegas.
The service is awesome, the food is awesome...
I have never had a bad meal or appetizer and the price is to be expected for an up scale steak place.
It is best to make reservations but you can always eat at the bar and still have a great experience.

Ended up here after we tried going to Cebo Veloce, I guess they closed over a year ago.
Ooops!
This was a fantastic place to "end up".
I got a good vibe immediately entering.
There is an elegant, casual atmosphere with dim lights, it was very open with a contemporary modern feeling and intimate booths.
We ordered from the oyster bar, the kumamoto oysters were excellent, and the prime filet carpaccio was good as well.
We wanted something that we could both share and sample, so I chose the sea bass (soy glazed) I was a little nervous at first because I don't like ponzu sauce, I find it too salty, but this dish was surprisingly really good.
Second dish was the special of the night which was a bison steak with foie gras.
This was a table favorite, if they offer this while you're there, get it.
The sides we ordered didn't disappoint.
They also have a very impressive wine list, large selection of California, Italian and French, and the best part, bottles were 1/3 off!
I found a 2007  Malbec, Terrazas, Afincado.
Excellent, try it!
Willl most likely come back again, especially to try happy hour.

Not worth the money.
Decent, but for 89-100 a head, it better make me say 'that was AMAZING!

Best steak I've ever had.
I think the French Fries might be the best also.
It's very expensive but worth it.
You can't get anything bad here.

I enjoy dinner at the Oyster Bar at least two times a month.
A few of my favorite dishes are the Seafood Salad and the Filet.
The stuffed Tomatoes that come with the steak are to die for.
To my surprise a few nights ago they had changes the wine menu.
They no longer offered my favorite Pinot Noir by the glass.
I have been drinking Holdridge by the glass for quite some time.
Untried the new house Pinot and did not care for it.
The Manager on duty gave the ok to open a bottle of my favorite wine to keep me happy.
What a way to keep a loyal customer coming back.

Beware!
I have eaten here a few times over the past couple of months.
Holiday dinner, birthday dinner and took some friends from out of town here.
Everytime I went, the wine was offered to us at 1/3 off.
But when the bill came, the discount wasn't included.
Mistakes happen, but after the third time, it makes you go hmmmmmmmmmm.
It is a shame because the food is excellent, but the billing error left a sour taste in my mouth.

This is definitely the best locals casino steak house and it would give any LV strip steak house a run for its money.
Everything here is delicious.
Be sure to get the foie gras apppetizer, especially if you're coming from California!
It's pan seared and accompanied with toasted brioche and a fruit compote.
You top everything on the brioche and make love to it.
It's so good.
The butter poached scallops come in a trio and are so rich, buttery, with salty sea goodness.
Be sure to get the clam chowder as well.
As for entrees, I typically go for the bone in filet mignon.
Just be sure to pick up the bone and go K9 on it.....leave your manners at home.
The juices and meat is the best on the bone.
To round it out, order the chocolate souffle 15-20 minutes before you're finished with your main entrees.
They also have excellent seafood options and you can also order from the seafood menu.
Definitely check this place out!

Everything was excellent and our waiter Edward was great.
You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu really.
The wine is overpriced however but they have a great selection.
If they brought the prices of wine down 50% I would eat there more.

I dine at Anthonys weekly.
A few weeks ago I took several friends to dinner.
We ordered several items from apps to dessert.
The special, which always seems to be on special.
was the Wagyu steak.
I ordered it and it was perfect.
All the salads were fresh and the presentation was beautiful.
The Yam was slightly warm and the risotto was horrible.
It was way undercooked.
The waiter offered to heat the yam but told us that he had several complaints about the risotto but the chef insists that is the way it should be cooked.
It was like eating rocks.
I love risotto but will not order anything at Anthonys with that as a side.
We dine at all the restaurants at the M and love them all.
The burgers are great but make sure you tell them how you want it cooked.
Ours were ordered well and came rare.
We were told they all are done rare unless ordered differently.
The server was in error and took care of the problem.
The servers are top knotch and know there jobs.
Looking forward to the Chowder Friday....excellent!

We had an interesting experience here.
Our server was Doug and he was great.
He was personable and knowledgeable.
His assistants were useless as was the manager to a certain point.
A busser dropped a full glass of ice water right next to our table of 6.
It literally exploded, shattering glass and water on our clothes.
NOT ONE PERSON came over to ask if we were OK.
They just swept it all up, and that was that.
I had to call over the busser to get the glass under our table.
I look over through the clear walls and the manager glances over in our direction, then just stands there still leaning on the counter chatting with a server.
Doug was running around and the "assistants" were setting a table that left 30 minutes ago.
All of our appetizers had been eaten, our wine was finished, and we had a full table of dirty dishes and all empty water glasses.
We didn't mind waiting for our dinner given such a beautiful environment, but now it was uncomfortable with a filthy table, and still stepping on pieces of glass.
So, since the manager is still not doing anything I approach him.
I say, "excuse me, " as he looks directly at my chest instead of my eyes (he's lucky he didn't get smacked) and I explain to him that since there are supposed to be 4 people (server, manager, and 2 assistants,) giving my table attention yet we have no water or wine left in our glasses, and a table of dirty dishes.
He apologizes and waves for people that are busy with other things to come help him clear the table.
We ask him for more water, he says, "I'll be back immediately with that.
" He forgot and went back to holding up that hostess stand.
We asked one of the assistants for more water, and it was like we asked her for a kidney.
No smile, no pleasant answer.
Just a deep breathe and an attitude.
If she would've just told me where it was I would've done it myself.
Doug came back and apologized up and down about everything.
He was as sweet as could be.
He then noticed our water all gone and grabbed the pitcher immediately.
To make amends with us, even though it wasn't his fault, he showered us with desserts after our incredible meal.
Being an Italian family we wanted specific things but we were totally OK with not getting them, laughing and joking with Doug.
Doug went above and beyond and went to the Italian restaurant to grab us cannolies!
Very thoughtful!
The food was so amazing it was breathtaking.
We all absolutely LOVED the food!
And the efforts he made with dessert were so incredibly appreciative.
However, if we had to choose between better service or complimentary dessert, we would've chosen the service.
We are locals, and I don't know if we'll bring our families in town back here, but if we did, we would request Doug.

Choose Marnells Cut Steak..and Creamed Corn...this is is AMAZING!!

Amazing food, ambiance, and service.
The Jumbo Sea Scallop appetizer is to die for, honestly in a different league than any of the scallops I've tasted at the celebrity chef restaurants on the strip.
The plate comes dressed with an apricot glalze, charred corn ragout, and almond foam.
It doesn't matter how you dress those delicious buttery scallops, they're perfect on their own.
This dish is one of my top ten most tasty appetizers in all of Vegas dining choices.
The service is spectacular.
Our server was perfectly on point all night, paying attention to every little detail.
I wish I could remember his name so I could ask for him next time.
Anyhow, bf and I both ordered the Dry Aged Bone-In Ribeye at a medium rare temp.
Mine came out medium well and his came out close to rare.
I'm not sure how this happened, but our server noticed and resolved it before it could become an issue.

Amazing food.
TheThe bone in ribeye was amazing.
Along with the bacon wrapped dates an the lobster at so are to die for.
Going to try the none in filet next time.
This is definitely on my Fav.
Place list

Love this place!
Great food, great service, and beautiful ambiance.
Wife wanted to have a nice dinner but didnt want to fight all the crowd on the strip so we decided on anthonys since it was literally down the street from the house.
Glad we decided to valet our car cause anthonys was near the front entrance, so we didn't have to walk far at all .
When we got to the place, we were able to be seated right away.
For dinner we started by odering 2 glass of moscato, a dozen oyster and tater tots, wow it was hella good haha by the time our main food came I was feeling very tipsy lolz the moscato was sweet and very smooth.
The wife ordered the rib eye and I order the the bone in filet OMG it was the best filet I had in a long time, it was sooo good that I had no leftover haha.
We eat out at steak houses all the time but this was the first time I ever saw a bone in filet, so I knew I had to order it.
Anthonys is easily one of my top five steak houses in vegas, so I will definitely be back again.

Sirloin, rib-eye and filet mignon were okay.
I was a fan of the reduction, peppercorn, and bearnaise sauce more than the seasoning of the steak...and it didn't melt in my mouth :( Maybe it was a bad day for this establishment.
King crab legs lacked seasoning.
Only highlight for me was the lobster bisque and tater tots.
Decent wine selection.
Also, complimentary chocolate covered strawberries for people celebrating birthdays so that's a plus.

After having a bad couple of days over the 4th of July weekend, my wife and I decided to take a chance and go to some place new and so we headed over to the M Resort and Spa!
We were hungry and it was my wife's 50th birthday.
We asked a worker on the floor to recommend a place to eat and told us all the restaurants in the hotel were excellent, give that woman a raise!
Great answer!
We asked about the Oyster Bar over at Anthony's Prime Steak and Seafood.
She told us she is a huge fan of the pan roast and that's what we were looking for!
so we head over there and it was not busy but it was not empty either.
We sat at the Oyster Bar area and the aromas there was just inviting.
I have to agree 100% with the last reviewer "Amazing food, ambiance, and service.
" It sure was indeed.
We both had the Shrimp pan roast and one thing is for sure, they did their homework and went to the Palace Station oyster bar to see what made them so uniquely amazing and how was Anthony's version be a little bit better, the answer!
More flavor and bigger SHRIMP!!!!
OH HELL YEAH BABY!
THAT'S THE TICKET!
We were just blown away by the dish I enjoyed with a glass of pinot noir.
The chief's that evening were awesome too, even let us have a sample of their soups, we are coming back!
Once are meals were done, we were ask if we wanted deserts, I mentioned it was my wife's birthday...
Although it was the 4th we were a day late to celebrate because of things needed  to be taken care of the day before.
As soon as I mentioned Birthday our awesome waiter just stopped me and said he'd be right back.
Few minutes later he came back with a chocolate moose that was out of this world and made our evening that much extra special!
If you never been to the M but you've seen drive into Vegas from the I15, do yourself and favor and check it out!
I'm not a food critique, just a fan of good food that likes to write about my experience, So go out and experience food and be the judge.

This is hands down the best steak in Vegas!
They have a wonderful wine selection to go with your meal.
The staff is fast and friendly and knowledgable.
I recommend the filet which is phenomenal.

Dinner for 20+ for a friend's birthday in the private dining room.
The private dining area located towards the back of the restaurant and outdoor patio is very nice.
Floor to ceiling windows with a really nice view adds to the overall experience.
Service was top notch, Ed V. is the man and the general manager stopping by and spending a few minutes with our party was a nice touch.
On to the food...
When you walk by the kitchen, the cooking stations is separated  from the dining area only by a glass wall.
Their method of cooking is on an adjustable grill over an open flame.
I have been to a good number of the upper echelon steak houses (Mastro's, Ruth Cris, Chophouse, Morton's, Flemings, Vic & Anthony's, Etc.
) and I have to put Anthony's up there in my top 5.
I do like my steak broiled at 1500 degrees topped off with butter, but the flavor of  my 22oz bone in rib eye was excellent, the type of flavor you can only get from a dry aged steak cooked on an open flame seasoned with a little salt and pepper.
They import the beef from their own cattle ranch, which made me think why wouldn't all steakhouses own their own ranch, not that I could tell a difference in the quality of meat but from the standpoint of owning a business that is centered around beef.
You have to try the mussels for an app, I could have drank the broth out of the bowl but had to restrain from revealing my membership to the league of Gluttonous Fat Bastards.
I did use about 2 loaves of bread to draw the broth; I wonder if anyone noticed that I was drinking the broth out of the shells after I had ate all the bread...I hope my GFB identity is still safe.
We had mac and cheese, hash browns, mushrooms and asparagus for shared sides, but to be honest after my GFB incident I didn't want to miss out on enjoying my steak so my side show was limited.
Fast forward; dinner was great and those private doors leading to an outdoor patio proved to be a huge benefit.
Nothing like getting outside for a scotch and cigar after a truly epic evening.

Well I give up!
We go to Anthony's at the M Casino every week and the following is what sums it up for me!
I will not go again and recommend they get a new chef.
When the servers know the food is not correct then you have a problem!
The food is not consistent from week to week.
I ordered the Steak and Lobster special at $85 which is a fair price for this dish and it was terrible!
The steak was bloody red rare, not medium as I ordered it.
The beef is never prepared as ordered and even when returning it, still it is not cooked properly.
The lobster was flavorless and tough, the worst I have ever had.
They did take it off the bill.
I don't mind paying the price they charge as long as I get the dish prepared properly and the taste is consistent from week to week.
When told that the dish had vegetables, potatoes and a reduction, you expect to see everything they told you.
the veggies were cold, nice portion, the reduction tasted like it was poured from a can and the potatoes were a smear to hold the steak in place, less than a half teaspoon.
The chicken dish looked beautiful but was on the cool side, not hot.
The only thing good at the table was the bread served with butter that had a wilted lettuce leaf or something on it!
Good bye Anthony's until you get your act together!

Anthony's also has an Oyster bar that is often missed by people.
It's a great place.
Must try is the Surf and Turf Sushi.
My personal favorite is the gumbo.

I came here with my family on the last night of my bachelorette weekend visit (I'm from Vegas but no longer live there, and my parent live in Henderson) I've come to this restaurant quite a few times, and I've always had a good experience.
This time we had Dave the waiter, and he was awesome!
I've met those waiters who goof around, but it really doesn't "fit" the situation, and Dave was the exception to this.
He was funny, and had a good sense of humor.
I had a bad crab experience the night before, but decided to give crab another try here.
I have to tell you, I've never had such sweet crab in my life!
I was so happy with everything.
He had forgotten my crab and I gave him a hard time about it (light hearted) and he was a total trooper about the whole thing.
He even brought us Chocolate covered strawberries to make up for the crab being a little behind, and from my bad experience the night before at another restaurant.
If there's another special for the buffalo filet, I HIGHLY recommend it!
Tastes like butter!
Sweet crab, awesome steak, two thumbs up.
If you're lucky, you'll get Dave.

Delish.
Great service.
Wonderful view.
Relaxing and affordable as steak houses go.
Get off the tourist trap strip and get to the M for some wonderful food and a beautiful hotel/casino.

Came here to eat with my hubby and loved it.
Foie Gras: Excellent!
Loved the fruit compote it came with and the brioche  French Onion Soup: Perfectly seasoned  Raw Oysters on a 1/2 Shell: So delicious.
Fanny Bay & Kumamoto was very fresh  Prime Filet Carpaccio: Just Ok.
I've had better.
It definitely lacked seasoning.
Maybe some capers and aioli could've made it taste less bland  Creamed Corn: Very Yummy.
Perfectly seasoned and very fresh  Potato Croquette: Very bland.
Could use some seasoning or dip  Porterhouse: Very good  Bone In Filet Mignon: Saw great reviews on this so had  try it even  tho I'm more of a Ribeye lover.
It was very lean and tender.
Strawberry Shortcake: Delicious!

My GF made a simple request for dinner, "I want a great prime rib dinner where we won't be served a low quality skirt steak painted up like a Prime Rib" After doing some research I picked Anthony's thinking She can get her Prime Rib and I can get a good steak.
Well I was wrong, I didn't get a "good" steak I got an unbelievably awesome steak.
Until last night I honestly believed my father and I made the worlds best two steaks Anthony's is now on my list as number one.
it was lightly seasoned, perfectly marinated and ooh so incredibly melt in your mouth tender/juicy.
I almost wish I had ordered a 2nd one to take home with us.
The GF loved her Prime Rib and devoured almost every last bit of it, not something she normally does.
We shared a salad and a side order of the mashed potatoes.
The summer herb vinaigrette for the salad was amazing!
We were dipping almost everything we had on the table in it and may have just guzzled it down had they left a bottle of it on the table.
The potatoes were a little bland but were a creamy smooth delight if you put them on your plate and used them to soak up some of the steak juice.
Another disappointing part of the evening was with our Raw Oyster appetizer.
We ordered the half dozen and were served 6 Oysters that if combined may have actually made up two or three adult sized Oysters for the price we paid for them we should have been given oysters the size of my fist but they were the only disappointment of the night.
Sorry but thats not true, I was disappointed with the beer selection, no draft beers and nothing you couldn't find down at the local store.
Also, You go to a steak house to eat a great steak and have a great dining experience with friends and family but they were teasing me with the MLB playoffs being on a TV in the next section and the TVs were too far away for me to catch the score over the GFs shoulder.
Our server was great, perfect timing, knew the menu and could answer questions about what was in the dishes and would pair well with the other items on the menu.
I wish I had thought to ask him to give me the playoff score updates as I was sitting there.
Well maybe next time and trust me there will be a next time!

This is hands down my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.
I can honestly say that this is the best steakhouse I've ever been to.
It makes Claim Jumper look like McDonald's!
Our server is usually Bruno, and he takes very good care of us.
I always get the filet mignon, medium rare and it is always tender, juicy, cooked perfectly, and melts in my mouth like butter.
My husband on the other hand, likes to order whatever the four-legged special is and he has yet to be disappointed.
Most recently, he ordered the buffalo steak, medium rare.
I tasted a bite and it was delicious.
I wish that I had ordered it myself but that's what I get for not trying new things!
As far as appetizers go, I like the oysters and crab.
I'm not really a dessert person, but on Valentine's Day, our meal included a fruit and chocolate plate which was pretty good but again, I'm not a dessert person so it didnt really appeal to me.
Writing this review has now gotten it into my head that my husband and I now need a date night so we can go to Anthony's!

We stopped by the M Resort for some light bites and drinks.
The oyster bar thats a part of Anthony's has and east/west motif to their menu.
Half of the menu has Asian-inspired fare, while the other half has American fare.
Three types of oysters were offered.
We went with half a dozen of the smaller Kusshi oysters.
Clean and mild tasting, they were a great start to our meal.
Next up was a cucumber and watermelon salad ($10).
I envisioned a beautifully composed, petite salad.
What we got was the opposite.
It was a large mound of lettuce, vegetables, and watermelon drowning in a kim chee vinaigrette.
The flavors were somewhat bold and spicy but it was so heavy-handed that I could only eat a few bites.
We moved over to a different bar closer to their main dining room to check out their menu.
Yup, a completely different bar menu.
Not sure why they felt it necessary to have a separate menu, but whatever.
The beef tartare ($22) was another heavy-handed dish.
The cylindrical stack of beef sat atop mixed greens.
On top of the beef was a substantial pile of pickled red onions and a quail egg.
The dish was way too acidic, drowning in a sauce that was probably masking inferior beef.
There were two more sauces needlessly spread across the plate.
Talk about overkill... there were about half a dozen ingredients that should have been left off the dish.
The last item we tried were the lobster tacos ($24).
Surprise, surprise... it was another heavy-handed dish with an excessive amount of ingredients.
They used so much chipotle aioli and avocado mousse that I couldn't even taste lobster.
Sauce was oozing out in every direction.
Anthony's has a menu -- or menus, plural -- that sound appetizing, but unfortunately the execution is lacking.
2.5 Stars

Had a steak and shrimp cocktail so yummy!

Bone-in filet and porterhouse were amazing.
You could cut the filet with a butter knife.
Definitely recommend Anthony's for a delicious steak experience.

What can I say besides amazing!
Most of the waiters all make you feel pampered yet like family!
They have recently encroached an Italian Restaurant on the edge of it that has gaudy table cloths but other than that the place is wonderful.
The booths are cozy and comfortable, the food is the best in town!
You have to try the doughnuts for dessert they are...addictive!!
Please get rid of the ugly checkered table cloths at Marinelli's if they have to be next to Anthony's.
My one other recommendation is to NOT put anchovies on the Caesar salad unless requested!!!!

After a one star experience at this place and a subsequent talk with the manager, we were invited to give this restaurant another try.
This review is based only on our second visit.
Our waiter was very attentive, but did not have the best knowledge about the wine menu.
The wine menu is great and they have so many different kind of wines all over the world - that is remarkable.
But in my opinion I should not get a recommendation from the waiter for a wine that he can not find on the wine menu and request me to do the search.
We finally came to a conclusion and got our choice of wine served.
He showed me the bottle, opened it, gave me the cork and wanted to pour the wine.
There was no wine decanter he brought with himself and we had no wine glasses.
But what was he doing???
He took two glasses from the free table next to us, instead of taking them from the bar or kitchen.
You can not do like this in an upscale restaurant.
We still had no wine decanter and got our wine poured into our glasses.
Dear waiter, please learn how to hold a wine bottle, when you pour in.
It is a $150 wine bottle and not a plastic bottle of purified water.
Ok, enough complaints - our overall experience turned out very well...
Some minutes later we got our Appetizer.
It was the Prime Filet Carpaccio, made of the finest and highest quality products - top notch.
The overall taste from the mustard dressing was a little bland, but still an excellent Appetizer.
We could not wait for our entree.
We both ordered the dry aged bone-in Filet Mignon medium rare with the complimetary bernaise, peppercorn and bordelaise sauces with macaroni and cheese and cheddar and onion scallop potatoes for the sides.
I have to state that I got the best steak ever in my life.
This is the place for having a steak - I am more than 100% sure.
Some words to the sauces, but do not understand them as a complaint, just as a statement.
All three sauces tasted delicious.
After talking to our waiter, we got the information from him, that it was not a real bernaise sauce, but tasted still outstanding.
The bordelaise sauce tasted for me a little bit too much after burned sugar (more in the licorice direction), but had its own oustanding taste.
The peppercorn sauce was absolutely brilliant and my personal favorite.
After this excellent meal we had no room for a dessert, we just ordered two espressi.
Unfortunately the espressi did not have any crema on top and the taste was not rich.
It must have come from be the used beans, because the machine they have is first class.
So, thank you again for this outstanding food experience.
My wife and I decided, if we come back to Las Vegas we will stay for sure in the M again and visit Anthonys Prime Steak and Seafood for dinner.
With a more complete waiter service I can easily update my review to 5 stars.

I can't rave enough about this place!
I made reservations for a party of 10 here to celebrate my mom's 50th birthday (June 6th).
It was such a memorable evening and the wait staff were incredible with making it happen.
First, I ordered a cake from Freed's Bakery and had it delivered to the steakhouse before our dinner reservations (6:45pm).
The receptionist called me to verify the cake had arrived which was great because it was my first time every doing something like that and I was worried the cake wouldn't arrive on time.
When we arrived, the staff were immediate with showing me the cake for inspection (on the sly away from everyone) and seating the group promptly (we were actually 25 minutes early, but they accommodated us anyways).
The presentation and explanation of the menu was fabulous and we ordered appetizers.
Since it was a birthday celebration, we usually do our gifts while we wait for food, but with it being such an important birthday, it took a little longer than usual.
Rather than cooking the food and bringing it out interrupting my mom's moment, the staff kept an eye on where we were at and timed cooking the meal perfectly with the conclusion of the gift giving.
The steaks are awesome.
I'm the type of person that likes my meat EXTRA well done, and this was the first time I've ever been able to eat a steak cooked that way (which was cooked right the first time without having to send it back) without needing any extra condiments.
This restaurant has huge, delicious, beefy steaks.
After clearing the table, the waiter (I wish I remembered his name because he was awesome), did a mini-dessert for my mom to throw her off from seeing the special order cake.
Then, he brought out the other cake, neatly sliced (there was a $5 charge per slice cut) and served everyone at the table.
After it was all said and done, we discreetly handled the bill and left raving comments to the manager and within a comment card.
This was such a wonderful experience and if you're looking to celebrate a special event, this is a classy restaurant with great service to fulfill your needs.
The appearance, menu, and service far exceeded my expectations and I highly recommend this place to any and everyone.

Wonderful restaurant!
I took my bf here to eat on Christmas night and he loved it.
The lobster bisque was amazing and among the best soups I've ever had.
I strongly recommend it.
The filet mignon was also great, though a little more on the "rare" side of medium-rare.
The atmosphere and service at Anthony's was wonderful, and our many servers were all very attentive, accommodating, and gracious.
We were especially grateful for their hospitality because it was Christmas night.
Will definitely come back on my next visit to Vegas.

This place is has by far the best filet mignon and rib eye I have tasted!
My manager and I came here to take a friend to dinner and we were spoiled!
The staff was charming, presentable and knowledgable about what they had to offer as well as recommendations.
For appetizers - we ordered the bacon wrapped dates (which was the first time we've tried anything so creative).
The sweetness of the dates and the juicy smoked flavor of the bacon complimented each other well and were amazing to start!
For sides we had ordered the sweet potato with a glaze and sweet creamed corn.
The softness of the sweet potato was amazing - cutting through it was like a piece of cake and just one bite melted in your mouth instantly!
The sweet creamed corn was to die for - a must have for sides.
The sweetness was just right and the creamy sauce reminded me of cream of mushroom soup - fulfilling and delightful :)  For the entrees, the waiter had recommended that their steaks were the best in the country - we decided to have the filet mignon (wet dry- where the meat is vacuum sealed to retain moisture), bone in rib eye (dry age- where the meat is air aged) and bone in filet mignon.
All though the dry age meats had more flavor and were delicious - all three meats were tender and aged to perfection.
The cuts were smooth and fresh.
After this amazing feast - the waiter was able to sneak in their chocolate soufflé and some hot tea and coffee.
The soufflé was a lovely way to end the night - the flavor reminded me of a warm milk chocolate with little dots of chocolate inside.
To summarize my dinner - the presentation, staff and food was phenomenal.
I would recommend Anthony's Steakhouse for any occasion :)

My sister and I went last Friday night before catching the Comedy Club.
We were seated in front of the grill and enjoyed the kitchen show.
Though it wasn't crowded at 6:30 p.m., it took a while for our server to show up and take our drink order.
He was very personable.
My sister ordered wine and I ordered coffee when our entire order was taken.
She had the lobster bisque--which she said was delicious and had 4 nice size pieces of lobster.
I had the Caesar salad that was a little overdressed, but also tasty.
The wine showed up, but my coffee did not.
When the water glass was refilled, I asked the server to get the waiter to ask him where the coffee was.
This server was very accommodating and got my coffee and said he was sorry and not to worry as he would check up on me to make sure I had enough coffee.
I never saw him again!
My sister ordered the Seafood Louie as a main meal with a side of asparagus.
She really enjoyed both.
I ordered the prime rib with a side of wild mushrooms.
The prime rib was fatty and a bit dry--like a previous comment--I wish I had ordered the Rib Eye.
But the wild mushrooms was delicious.
I finished the one cup of coffee and the water and tried to catch the eye of any of the servers.
They were moving around fast and no one stopped by to see if we needed anything.
I guess the manager noticed we were just sitting there waiting and he stopped by to see what we needed.
We asked for boxes to take home the leftovers and I mentioned my coffee, which was refilled.
We slowly finished our drinks as it took another 10 minutes for our original waiter to stop by, when we asked for the check.
For the price we paid--$118 plus tip--it was a little disappointing, mainly because of the lack of service, but I really enjoyed the atmosphere and my sister really enjoyed her food.

Anthony's has wonderful food, prepared just the way you want it.
They recently put marinelli's on one side and I REALLY do not like that but I still love the food and mostly the ambience too.
They meat is lean, the bone in Filet is the best I have ever had.
The waiter Bruno was excellent and when I asked if they grilled some vegetables he said we don't but tell me what you want and I will see what they can do.
They did them perfectly!
He served us the most delicious doughnuts at the end of the meals.
Wonderful!!

Came here tonight for my boyfriend's birthday dinner and based on the yelp reviews had somewhat high expectations but somewhat let down.
We had dinner reservations for 730.
I asked for a booth seating unfortunately there weren't any available.
They sat us by the window where you can see the meat getting cooked on the grill.
For some reason I felt like that area wasn't really "inside" the restaurant although I know it was.
There was more seating passed this area and from our seats it looked like there could possibly be an outside view, but we didn't really get to see what that area looked like from where we were seated.
They started us off with a bread basket with butter that had olive oil.
Good, but nothing out of the ordinary.
For our meals, I orders the wagyu short rib and my boyfriend ordered the 20 oz bone in rib eye.
The menu said we had a choice of 3 sauces (bernaise, peppercorn, boredelaise) for the ribeye.
However our waiter failed to ask us what he wanted.
I only remembered about 20 mins after the order and asked our waiter about it.
We also ordered a side of wild mushrooms.
I felt like the wait for our food was a little too long.
It didn't seem that busy inside the area where we were seated but who knows what it looked like on the other side.
We finally got our food from what seemed like a 30 minute wait.
Both portions were huge!
However both the steak and short ribs just tasted ok.
I felt like I've had better.
The peppercorn sauce didn't do anything for me  My boyfriend felt the same way.
I don't think our waiter was attentive enough.
They did remember I had mentioned on the reservation it was my boyfriend's birthday so they brought out a complimentary dessert (see pic).
However it kind of irked me there was no "Happy Birthday" message on the dessert (as I've seen in other pics).
I know, not a big deal, but those attention to detail, special touches is what makes the visit memorable.
Overall, for a pricey steak restaurant, the service was somewhat lacking.
They didn't come back to follow up if we wanted cocktails until the middle of our dinner, the waiter forgot an essential part of the steak order, and he didn't check up on us much.
We got more attention from the busboy.
I don't think I'd come back here again if I'm in the mood to spend my money on an expensive meal.
I don't know if I can recommend this place either.
There's definitely other steakhouses out there that are worth the money.

Thank god I live only minutes from this place.
By far my favorite steak house.
The bone in filet is the most amazing steak I've ever had.
All of the side are great and I've had them all.

9/10 for me.
Took my girlfriend here for her birthday and made the reservation over yelp, leaving a note that it was.
Atmosphere was very cozy and romantic.
Servers were very attentive and nice, immediately saying happy birthday.
I got the bone in rib eye which was one of the best I've had, very tender and juicy.
Also go the tots, which were good but not as amazing as I thought they would be.
At the end of our meal we asked if they have chocolate covered strawberries and the waiter said he would go check, which we though was weird, then he came back a minute later with a plate with a candle on it saying they were bringing it out anyways.
The strawberry shortcake topped the whole meal off.
All in all, this place was amazing and had delicious food, wish I could try all the other steaks.

My FAVORITE STEAKHOUSE EVER!!!!!!!!
BEST mac n cheese I have had in my entire life  BEST bone in Ribeye I have had in my entire life  BEST bone in Filet Mignon I have had in my entire life  My gf and I go here 2+ times a month and love every minute of it

i came here with some colleagues and had the chicken.
it was pretty tasty but definitely pricey.
would recommend if you are looking for a decent steak house

I had the filet mignon =amazing.
I seriously could cut it with a butter  knife !
It was divine!
My husband had the ribeye , which he enjoyed very much .
Lovely service .
The side dishes  we got for the table of 4 (spinach, scalloped potatoes, asparagus and mushrooms) were delicious and well prepared .
Only negative : The chopped salad was too big, too chopped up and had too much vinegarette, in my opinion .
My husband had the lobster bisque and he said it was delicious.
Nice wine selection , we had a Cabernet from Franciscan.
No dessert , after an amazing steak like that , there's no room!

This place was the tits.
Excellent.
I went here and it's not on the strip, OMG, OMG it's not on the strip.
Grow up people.
The M hotel on Las Vegas blvd, is nicer than many hotels "on the strip".
It's on Las Vegas blvd about 7 miles west of Mandalay bay.
The rooms yesterday on a Saturday night were going for $349.
Ummm, I think it's a little nicer than ballys or harrah's.
I would compare it to Mandalay bay.
Only thing hotels on the strip have over the M hotel is the headlining shows, that's it.
The steakhouse is 5 stars, start to finish.
Food, ambience, atmosphere.
Bang, 5 stars.
But wait, it's not "on the strip"

I love this place.
The food is always good and the service is intuitive, graceful, and proficient.
The lobster tacos are a must for a starter!
We also love pretty much any  fish they do.
If you are going to have steak ONLY order the selections from the Marnelle (sp??
) ranch - the flavor is incredible!!

While in Las Vegas, we had dinner at Anthony's Prime Steak and Seafood located at the M Resort off the Strip.
Way, way off... We had an unbelievably delicious foodie experience!
The restaurant wasn't too busy, as it was a weekday.
We had reservations and were seated at the chef's table, a large legless table that hung from the ceiling.
It sat the 14 of us comfortably right in front of the open kitchen.
I can only attest to what I was able to sample and steal from others.
Rest assured, EVERYONE there enjoyed their food.
Starters:  Complimentary bread basket:  I could've just eaten this alone.
Can't believe it's free!
Kumamoto oysters on the half shell-Very fresh.
Outstanding!
Seafood Louie salad-Awesome!
Lobster Tacos-Spicy and delicious!
Stuffed tater tots-Large and filling!
Mains:  Filet Mignon and Bone-in Ribeye-Cooked perfectly as ordered and so tender!
Sides: Creamed corn-The first thing to disappear!
My kids couldn't stop eating it.
Mac and Cheese-Ooey Gooey Goodness!
I had a Pomegranate Martini, which was nicely made.
The food here was so delicious and well prepared that I wanted to cry, smile, and laugh all at the same time!
I didn't know how to feel.
Our server, Dave, was great!
Very knowledgeable, patient, and helpful with our food questions/choices.
He made us feel welcome and comfortable in this fine establishment.
Absolutely worth a visit if you're in town!

Celebrating for thé next two weeks our upcoming 1st #Anniversary  This is our 2nd time here...  We love the Buffalo special (when available) w bacon... for my hubby, of course ;-)  You cannot go wrong w their Sea Bass... absolutely fabulous!
Order the Colossal Crab & The Oysters without the cream sauce... you will not regret it!
The cream sauce may be great, in fact,  I am sure it is... Was trying to keep it light tonight, so we went we the horseradish and cocktail sauce w lemons!
The Ahí appetizer, the Scampi, Mozzarella salad... All Yummy and on Point!
For dinner this time I had the Alaskan King Crab Legs... OMGee... that should explain it all!
The wait staff is very attentive and very knowledgeable when it comes to their cuisine and vinos...
This is a big plus w me as sometimes everything looks too good for me to choose, so, I like when the server can confidently recommend what I should nosh on.
All in all a great place to enjoy some great food... try and sit by the Window facing the pool area...
Cheers!
~your constant companion,   Deirdra

I've come here twice more since my previous review, and both experiences have been fantastic.
Each and every person who accommodated our table was exceptional, as they have been all of the times I've dined here.
Our waiter, Bruno, was amazing.
Things to eat here: creamed corn, scalloped potay-tays, lobster bisque, ribeye steak, and the lychee martini (their drinks are on point).

Visited Anthony's Steakhouse this weekend for our anniversary.
Made our reservation through Yelp and had no issue.
When we arrived.
We shared the prosciutto salad which was perfect for 2 and I had a special Buffalo Surf and Turf while my wife had a bone in filet.
Both were very well done.
The only thing I wasn't impressed with was the cheddar and bacon stuffed tater tots.
Wasn't that great.
We did really enjoy our bottle of wine and with 30% off, it was $30.
Nice.
Overall, it was a very good dinner.
Just not the cheapest.
Worth it though for a special occasion and its not as crowded as the strip.

Great appetizers, food and service.
Nice wine list with 1/3 off bottles tonight.
Will be back.

I went here for the first time Tuesday night to celebrate my birthday, it was supposed to be me and my husband's birthday as we are both in June.
Anyway, it was fantastic!
the food, the service, everything.
I cannot wait to go back.
Our waiter was Fabio.
He is so nice!
He was so on top of things, answered all questions, checked in on us enough to be great but not over bearing.
He wished me a happy birthday several times.
Appetizer, we split a tomato /mozzarella salad..... definitlely is big enough for 2 people to share.
The drinks were very good.
I had a Sangria and it was one of the best I had.
My friend had 2 Cosmo's and she liked them.
Bread, they bring a nice variety with butter.
Flatbreads and some regular different varieties.
Main Course, I got the Bone in Filet, its bigger than the 9 oz but not much and very good!
for ten dollars more I say to get that for 52.00 rather than the 9 0z for 42.00  My friend got the bone in rib eye, her's definitely had more flavor than the filet as rib eyes usually do but both were excellent!!
I recommend either one   Sides, we had the homemade fries.... they tasted homemade too and were very good.
We also got the zesty lemon Asparagus --- they were very very big and tasty.
I complimented my steak with a grilled shrimp.
It was a nice size and the waiter said I should have the head of it chopped off if I never saw a shrimp that way so that was the way I went :)  For dessert - we had enjoyed a complimentary birthday one of chocolate covered strawberries and some seasonal berries on the side ( see photo) and on a piece of white chocolate, it said Happy Birthday.
They were delicious.
I will return to Anthony's again, the prices are similar to going to Ruth Chris, I would say and the food is great!
Also, the restaurant is very pretty and has an outdoor area with a nice view.

As far as local steakhouses go Anthony's is the only one I keep returning to.
From the upscale modern design and the quite informal atmosphere and general lack of pomposity from the staff.
I feel comfortable dining here in a black punkrock t-shirt & facial piercings.
I have never been treated as if I didn't deserve just as good service as the yupp's  Try not to go nuts on the bread & butter assortment.
The course portions are large and I know that thin seasame flat bread is pretty tasty.
The appetizers are more than adequate and the mains are what stay on my tongue.
They are all beautiful and consistently taste great regardless of which shift or chef is on duty.
That says a lot about a restaurant, when you don't have to hope it's as good as last time.
The torchon of Foie Gras is noteworthy.
Creamy with the usual garnishments.
I've tried worse at more hyped restaurants.
The Shrimp Scampi is jumbo crispy, saucy and a rather large appetizer for just 3 shrimp.
I recommend.
The oysters Rockefeller are probably my favorite anywhere.
Never over cooked.
The shrimp cocktail has the same giant prawns as the scampi but the cocktail sauce is prepared with generous horseradish or ginger.
A Vegas classic done right.
The 22 or so oz.
Bone-in Prime rib of beef is a knock out with bordelaise and I swear there were stong hints of black truffle all over it.
I like it more rare than others and everyone has a different opinion of what medium rare is.
I order a cut this big as medium rare, because I have a brain, and it is going to be perfect in the middle for my tastes everytime because it is gigantic.
I usually have it with the wild mushrooms and those must be truffle laced also?
I'm sure you could request a foie gras on top but at 22oz you wouldn't be able to devour it all and I'm not sure how well Foie would hold up as a left over.
I could never get myself to order anything other than this as a main course.
It is my favorite steak.
Period.
Now I didn't give 5 stars because I am aware that all these dishes are standard steakhouse and seafood fare.
I have to honestly admit that some places can probably do a better job on some things but as a whole food experience this place wins out on the craving meter for me.
It's a modern-day ratpack menu restaurant and I'm part of the new old fashioned.
So I highly recommend Anthony's.

My family and I went to this wonderful restaurant and we all were more than pleased.
My daughter had the gumbo and it was delicious!
The rest of us had Rib Eye and it melted like butter.
I have to admit the sides...macaroni & cheese, scallop & baked potatoes, asparagus,  clam chowder & creamed spinach were yummy!
Portions are large and great for sharing.
Also the dinner bread assortment is pretty awesome.
Try to take it slow, you will fill up quickly and you want to have room for your meal.
It was worth every penny, plus the fact it was off the strip.
The ambiance was relaxing, family friendly and completely romantic for two.
I would consider myself a bit of a Foodie, so I would urge other Foodies to try it out!

Good food, good service, nice ambience.
Went light, a few flaws with the food presented.
Next time  I'll go with a steak.

