I went here the other day for lunch because of a Groupon "now deal".
So glad I did.
I apparently beat the rush too.
It was surprisingly easy to find, and the staff was super nice.
I created my own press sandwich, and it was delicious if i do say so myself.
The selection is really good, and the prices are decent.
W/ my Groupon I basically paid half price for my meal.
The perfect hidden lunch spot.

This tiny place hidden off 44 street is a must go to place.
The sandwiches are excellent, and the service is warm.
Everytime i go for breakfast or lunch the experience gets bettter.
o' before i forget, they use the best....Borehead!!

Tucked away in a very boring looking business park, you can sneak in for a great sandwich.
Go around the corner and look for the Boar's Head sign.
I had the Thanksgiving lunch special - turkey, stuffing, cranberry jam, and I held off on the cheese.
Nicely toasted bread - all in all, a decent lunch!

I work in a office building right around the corner from them.
The place is small, but once you find it, you'll keep coming back.
Honest to God, the food is addictive.
My faves are the Italian Hoagie (reminds me of home back East) and the Chipotle Chicken sandwich.
And I also enjoy their flavored iced tea to go along with it.
Staff is friendly too which makes the experience even better!
I'm a fan!

What a find!
While staying at the Aloft in Phoenix for business we found this on a morning walk.
We had the breakfast burrito and a breakfast panini.
Both were excellent!
The burrito was so large we agreed that it could have fed us both.
The lunch menu looked great and I would like to try some of the sandwiches.
We are here for a few more days and will eat here on Monday.
If you are staying at a hotel in this area be sure to give it a try for a good quick breakfast or lunch.
You won't be disappointed.

I visited this restaurant because I got a groupon now deal.
When I walked In and the older woman standing there took about 5 minutes to acknowledge that I was standing there at the counter waiting to be served..
Finally she said "whenever your ready..".
I told her hi how are you, giving her a nice reminder that that is how your supposed to greet new customers in your establishment.
That on its own turned me off because I hate giving my money away tobusinesses that don't appreciate me.
I don't feel like I am asking for much in exchange for coming back and supporting local businesses.
As I was standing waiting for my food I overheard the employees (including my o so pleasnt serve lady) complaining about the groupons that kept coming in.. while I was standing there!
Rude!
The older man behind the counter making sandwiches was very nice.
He is the only reason I am giving two stars.
The food on the other hand was decent.
Too bad I won't ever becoming back just to be treated like I am bothering them.. next time I will just eat mcdonalds breakfast like I wanted anyways.

It was a little hard to find.
But I like how it's a hole in the wall great service and great food !
If you're in the area be sure to stop by !

Amazing lunch.
Fresh Boars Head meats.
Fresh bread (marble rye is awesome) and tr staff is great.
One of the best sandwiches in the Phoenix area.
Don't miss this place.
You won't be disappointed!

Was in Phoenix for business and discovered this friendly, wonderful  haunt  near the airport.
I had the best lunch ever -  a Southwestern chicken chipotle panini.
OMG!
The guy behind the counter turned out to be the owner, and himself grew up in a family owned East coast deli.
I had several expensive meals during my trip, but nothing was as tasty as my Lunch Lounge experience!
I made sure I had time for a breakfast stop on my way back to the airport., and was again wowed with a huge breakfast burrito, great latte and a smile - all for less than my daily NYC latte and muffin.
My  client has never been to The Lunch Lounge, so next time I am in town, we have a lunch date at the best undiscovered charming cafe in Phoenix!
I can't wait to share the secret!

Good food near the airport.
I stayed at the Radisson near the Phoenix airport for a couple nights and ate at this place twice during my stay.
On the first day, I checked in around 2pm and wanted food right away without going far.
Found this place on yelp and gave it a chance.
Was going to order a chicken sandwich but the lady who rang me up recommended the turkey wrap.
I'm always up for trying recommendations at new places so I got the turkey wrap of the day and man was it tasty.
I thought it was quite pricy for just a wrap but price of lunch was worth the taste of the dish.
On my last day, I stopped again for breakfast and got the eggs-celent burrito with bacon, red onion and salsa.
I would definitely order this for breakfast if I was here another morning because breakfast is super cheap!
Very filling burrito with a large (and tasty) coffee for around $6.
Also, it's worth mentioning that the service here was great.
I read one review here that the lady at the counter was rude but I liked her personality.
I don't care for the whole "how is your day, sir?
What can I get started for you?
" The menu is on the wall and if you look uncertain, she will gladly recommend an item.
When my food was ready, she handed me my to-go bag and said "thanks Cesar, have a good one.
" She paid attention to my name on my credit card and remembered it until I left the restaurant to say thanks.
That added to the experience here definitely.
Nice friendly people working here and if I'm ever on the Phoenix area again, I will definitely stop by for breakfast or lunch.

Hidden cafe with outside seating.
Don't let the name fool you...they also serve breakfast.
Great prices including my 1$ coffee!

Food is good and location is convenient.
Service is terrible - even the owner - the older woman acts like its an inconvenience to help people.
We have had the opportunity to give her more business but decided against it because of the service.
Don't waste your time.

This place is located in a prime spot for travelers as well as office workers.
The menu is a diverse and creative mix on standard lunch box fare.
Whether it is breakfast or lunch you can't go wrong with trying this place for a simple, but gourmet, breakfast sandwich or a dressed up salad for lunch.
I only gave them four stars for this type of venue because I felt they were a bit understaffed when I arrived around 10am.
Don't hold this against them.
It was a bit of a wait for a sandwich but the quality is well worth the wait.
The dill on the breakfast sandwich was a nice touch.
The outdoor seating was nice on a cool morning.

I eat here at least once a week all of their sandwiches and salads are always fresh and delicious and every 9 salads or sandwiches you buy you get the 10th on FREE.
Goodstuff!
Glad it's near my work.

This place is literally down the street from where I work, so it's very convenient for me.
It's tucked away under one of the office buildings.
Their sandwiches and salads are on the expensive side, but they also have fairly large portion sizes, so I guess that evens out.
The ingredients are good quality, and their bacon is freshly made (you can smell it when walking in).
My favorite is their southwest chipotle chicken panini.
Haven't tried most of the other selections because I'm not a fan of deli meats or cold sandwiches (makes my lunch choices easy!
), but I'm assuming they are good.

