I visited The White Lady last weekend.
As a resident in the area I was keen to see what Wetherspoon's had done with Agenda, and I was sorely disappointed with the result.
The place is a clone of all other Wetherspoon pubs across the whole UK - it was foolish to think that there might be any uniqueness to this place.
It is now very expansive inside, think Standing Order tables and decor.
For a Sunday afternoon it was completely rammed with loud, drunken louts taking advantage of the cheap drinks on offer.
I've never seen so much fake tan and exposed belly on show on a Sunday avo - what a disaster.
This is the last place I would ever look to visit in the Corstorphine area for a quiet Sunday lunch.
Food was typical Wetherspoon's fare.
After waiting a ridiculous 20 minutes, a lentil and bacon soup arrived that had the consistency and look of fresh sick.
Upon requesting a change to tomato due to the vomity consistency and chunderous smell, we were informed there would be another 20 minute wait.
For one bowl of soup.
What were the chefs doing?
Growing and then pureeing tomatoes from scratch?!
Anyway.
This place is not for me.
If you want a cheap, loud watering hole for a bit of boozing and like an ogle at badly fake-tanned bulbous bellies then it's probably for you.

Having previously failed to get a breakfast here on a Sunday (they don't take orders a sensible time in advance, only once the kitchen's actually up and running) it was already not faring well against the other Wetherspoon's in Edinburgh before the bored bouncers (in Corstorphine on a Thursday night too  were they expecting the pandas to escape and head over?
) decided that the truthful answer to the question of where I'd been earlier in the night (the pub they saw me come out of across the road for 4 low-strength pints on a full stomach) was cause to refuse entry.
Future custom when in the area therefore withheld so job well done.

food was generic, the space is nice and cozy.

We go to The White Lady a couple of times a month, Good reasonably priced food every time, Ok. not the Calley Hotel but a steak [nicely done] and a beer for £10 ??
Has to be a bargain !

