As a disclaimer, I am a vegetarian.
So, I can't tell you anything about the meat dishes.
What I can tell you is that the Tacu Tacu ($7) is unbelievable.
It is a rice and bean cake covered in a delicious sauce and fresh avocado slices.
Several of us in my office are hooked on the stuff.
If you get the opportunity, this stand is WELL worth your time.
If you have a taste for spicy, make sure that you try the hot sauces by the window.
The food is rich, hearty, spicy, and unique!

I've been frequenting this Library mall food cart for over a year, and it's one of my favorites.
For $7, the arroz con pollo features marinated chicken on a bed of really tasty cilantro-infused rice with a side of homemade slaw.
I've developed a strong addiction to this green rice, especially when you add a generous amount of the green jalapeno sauce that the cart keeps in front.
The yellow sauce is also spicy and delicious.
Their super lomo sandwich is huge, with beef strips in a sourdough bread bowl, and they also offer Inka Cola, which is unique.
I've tried a few of the other dishes, but wasn't a big fan of the chili chicken's sauce.
That's just my opinion though.
The man who runs the cart is always courteous and kind.
I look forward to their restaurant opening on Cottage Grove Road.

I don't know anything about Peruvian food other than this, but MAN is this place awesome.
I eat at the food cart often, I try different things every time, and I have literally never had a meal there that hasn't been 5 stars.
They're opening a brick/mortar place on Cottage Grove Road over in Monona this year, can't wait to go there when the cart is closed.
Y-U-M!

I had the Chicken Adobo, which comes with meat, cabbage+beans+lentils slaw, and rice.
I liked it!
The chicken had an interesting medley of spices and was very tasty with just the right amount of kick.
The cabbage/beans/lentil mix was also pretty satisfying.
The serving size was just right for my appetite and for a reasonable price (half-order is $5).
I definitely want to come back and try some of their other dishes as well!
Oh, and don't forget the hot sauces!
They're good!

Surco food cart is AWESOME!
I've only had the "Chicken Adobo"  and it is phenomenal.
The chicken comes marinated in a red guajillo sauce.
Not spicy but very flavorful.
The lentils are cooked perfectly, white rice on the side, and a small cabbage slaw with a delicious dressing.
There is a green sauce outside the window that is a bit spicy, but freaking great!
I always make sure to top my chicken with the green sauce before I walk away.
I buy the $5.00 half portion and that leaves me full.
I can't wait for the day that I don't want to order the chicken adobo and am willing to try something else on their menu.

Just another one of Madison's amazing food carts!
I am so jealous of you guys now that I live in the south side of Chicago, where great food (especially carts) is hard to find close by.
Their tacu tacu and cilantro rice dish (I forget the name) are listed under vegetarian but they are both vegan as well.
They aren't huge dishes, but they are packed with flavor!
My favorite was the cilantro rice, which came with avocado and cabbage - I liked to dress it up with their hot sauce on the side.
Extremely interesting flavor combinations, but I am completely  unfamiliar with Peruvian food outside of this cart.
A little expensive for a food cart, but they use organic and/or local ingredients.
Overall, highly recommended - take advantage of your amazing food, Madisonians.
Especially those of you who are students like I was and won't live there forever!
*cries inside*

YUM!
I'd been eyeing this food cart for a few weeks now, but there has always been another cart that I've wanted to try more..so I've been putting it off, and off, and off, until today!
I'm still not quite sure what Peruvian cuisine entirely entails, so I just ordered something off the menu which I thought I could pronounce without making a fool of myself.
Hence, the half order of chicken adobo (for only $5!).
Let me tell you though, it was delish!!
The half-size is perfectly portioned for lunch, and won't leave you with the post-meal food baby or the mid-afternoon coma.
However, you also have the option of getting a full-sized serving for $7 if you are feeling extra hungry.
The chicken with the lentils and the fresh coleslaw really hit the spot!
The lentils were really soft and perfectly seasoned, but not so much so that they overpowered the chicken.
I also think I tasted a hint of lemon juice in the jasmine rice, which was a nice counterpart to the heat from the marinated chicken.
I threw on a few squirts of the green sauce for good measure, but after finishing my entire meal, I'm still not really sure if it was a hot sauce or yogurt-based sauce or what.
There really is a lot of flavor in the adobo!
Surco is definitely one of the carts to try if you are ever in the area for lunch.
I know that I will be heading back really soon, and this time, I'm going to order one of those menu items that I can't pronounce!

