What happened?!?!??!?!
I ordered a pizza last night at around 1:30 am and I was pleasantly surprised.
They were really fast, friendly, and communicated well.
We ordered a 12" pizza with half cheese, and half tomatoes, mushrooms, garlic, pepperoni, and sausage.
We asked for 3 ranch and a 6 pack of sierra mist, and all of it was brought to us within 30 minutes for a reasonable price.
The pizza was amazing!
The crust was crunchy and chewy, and the sauce was sweet and spicy.
We were so impressed that my fiancee and I were talking about it all day and telling people about the place.The meat on the pizza was fantastic, especially the sausage, and it was overall so great that we ordered another one tonight.
Tonight was a polar opposite of last night.
We called a little bit earlier and the phone call seemed to go well.
The person on the phone recognized our order and was really friendly.
We got the same exact pizza and an order of mozzarella sticks.
The food arrived in around 30 minutes, and everything seemed great, but once we got the pizza, I immediately noticed that there was no meat on it.
I had requested a lot of ranch since I ended up spilling all of mine the night before, and they didn't bring me the requested number, even though I had offered to pay for a lot.
There was no marinara sauce for the mozzarella sticks, even though on the phone, they suggested the mozzarella sticks and that they were good paired with the marinara sauce.
I was irked enough to call them around 1:30 am to express my displeasure with my pizza since we had planned to order from them tomorrow night as well.
The person I spoke to on the phone was not helpful at all.
When I said the pizza was wrong, he said "You wanted tomatoes and mushrooms right?
"  I told him I ordered a pizza with 5 toppings and read the list to him.
I explained that all I saw were mushrooms and tomatoes.
He had the gall to say to me, "Well, there's garlic on there too, you can't see it because it's cut up real small.
"  Um, that doesn't explain the lack of sausage and pepperoni on there.
He goes on to tell me that there's nothing he can do for me because they were about to close, and that I should call tomorrow.
That's total BS in my book because he's dumping off his problem on someone else who won't know what's going on tomorrow, and I had ordered a pizza at 1:30 in the morning yesterday and had it delivered to me a little after 2 am.
The pizza wasn't as good today, not only because of the lack of meat on the pizza, but also because of inconsistency in the crust.
It's kind of soggy and doughy and as you pick it up, the whole slice starts to sag and the meager toppings start sliding off with the cheese.
I'm giving this 3 stars for now because I'm going to call them tomorrow and see how they handle themselves.
To be continued....

One star cause I can't give them zero.
Rude Staff, horrible pizza w/ almost no toppings, refusal to correct wrong order, over priced.
Stay away.
Horrible,horrible,horrible!

Awful!
Do not order from them!
Placed a delivery order at 7:45pm, and finally received food an hour and a half later.
We called to find out where the food was, and they blamed heavy traffic.
If only there were a way we could know whether the traffic is bad...oh yeah, IT'S THE LAS VEGAS STRIP!
Anyone who's been here longer than 5 minutes should know the traffic will be heavy.
So we finally get the food and then we get to discover how bad it is.
In all fairness, the pizza was okay.
Not great, but passable.
We also ordered spaghetti and meatballs, and it was the worst spaghetti I've ever had.
Tasted like someone boiled a bunch of pasta and dumped canned tomatoes over it, which is probably exactly what they did.
Disgusting.
Not nearly worth what they charged, and definitely not worth a 90-minute wait.
NEVER AGAIN.
YOU'VE BEEN WARNED.

I ordered from here because I had a flyer.
I will NEVER order from here again.
Pizza was bland and generic.
Crust seemed like something frozen, sauce was non existent and cheese and toppings were lacking.
No flavor.
More like a flatbread.
Zucchini was a very small portion and most pieces were hard and cold.
Wings were shriveled up and soggy and lacking any good amount of meat.
Fries were ok. Like crinkle cut you'd buy at the store.
They gave me 1 ranch for everything.
Also ordered a 2 liter of sprite which came warm.
Food took over an hour to be delivered and delivery guy didn't seem to want to accept my money.
Never again.

STAY AWAAY!
Ordered at 11pm, 2 hours later still didn't arrive, i called to ask where was it, they hanged up and now they are not picking up, worst service ever.

The worst of both worlds.
Doesn't even rate 1 star.
Ordered the margherita pizza which was bland and flavorless.
Ended up putting salsa on it when I realized it had as much flavor as a tortilla chip.
Delivery was extremely slow.
Ordered at 11:44 and the pizza arrived more than 2 hours later.
Don't order from here,  go somewhere else.

