Chrysty did an amazing job.
I wanted photos taken of me for a yoga website that I am trying to build.
Since I wasn't exactly sure what I wanted she was patient and took many photos in various poses and angles.
She made me look great!
When we were done she also took some great shots of my family (husband and 2 dogs).
They are wonderful.
She sent the photos to me within days of taking them.
Chrysty is professional, energetic and talented.
Photography is a passion for her.
I will use her again.

Chrysty took engagement photos of my finance and I and did a beautiful job!
She helped us to feel very relaxed so that none of the photos felt posed.
There were so many lovely photos that we had trouble selecting which on to use for our save the date.
We can't wait to see what Chrysty does when she takes the photos at our wedding!

My fiancee and I are using Chrysty to photograph our wedding ceremony and reception.
She has a great reputation in the community and we admire the examples of her work that we have seen.
She included engagement photos with the package and did an excellent job both with the photo session and the final product.
We both enjoyed Chrysty's style, found her easy to work with, and really liked her ideas for poses and choice of settings.
She has been very reliable and we are both really happy with our engagement photos.
We are looking forward to the cermony and reception and have full confidence that we will be more than happy with our photos.

This is an update of my earlier review of Chrysty's work.
Since that review, Chrysty photographed our wedding ceremony and reception.
In short, my wife and I are both excited with the way Chrysty photographed our events.
To elaborate, for starters, she was rock solid reliable.
She was on time for all of our events and she returned phone calls and emails in a timely manner without fail.
She also took all of the shots that my wife requested.
Next, she was enjoyable to work with.
She is a very nice person and helped all of her subjects to feel comfortable with the structure she needed to impose to get all of the poses my wife selected.
I thought she was particularly skilled with children-from a toddler to a preteen.
Also, my wife and I REALLY liked some of the more creative/candid shots that she took.
We got all of the various family, friend, and couple groupings that we wanted, but she also did an amazing job catching some very intimate, personal, funny, and therefore memorable "moments" that helped to make our pictures special.
Finally, she did an excellent job packaging her product so that we (and our families) could make prints for ourselves and our families.
My wife and I are very happy (and thankful) for Chrysty's work and would recommend her without reservation.

Chrysty is such a talented photographer.
She took pregnancy pictures of me, newborn photos and one year old photos of my babies.
Her work is so amazing.
She just manages to capture such sweet moments.
Now my family and I have photos to cherish forever.
Not only is Chrysty professional and super friendly, but she is also very reasonably priced!!
I would recommend her to anyone looking to get any pictures done.

Today, the hub and I met with Chrysty to take our first family picture with dogs in tow at Tempe Beach Park.
Even though the forecast has been dreary, she made the day all cheery.
We forgot that it was drizzling and cloudy.
We loved her ideas for pictures.
And she worked very well with the dogs.
We had a lot of fun and can't wait to see our results.

I absolutely LOVE Chrysty!
And her pictures are amazing too.
She's done both family and individual photos for me and I absolutely love them all.
She is fun and adventurous and totally willing to try something new and off the beaten path.
She makes everyone feel comfortable which equals super natural pictures too, which is a huge plus when you're trying to get 3 kids to smile.
at the same time!!
I'll refer her again and again, and look forward to seeing her again soon!

