I am so glad I found Dr Kissling  and his office!
I called earlier in the day and they told me no appointment was necessary - and it wasn't!
I was searching for a chiropractor and googled it and saw a great online special for new patients.
They arent kidding with the no-obligation approach to their services.
Nothing hidden!
Dr. Kissling was approachable, easy to talk to and after a little snap crackle and a pop, had me feeling great!
His approach to his practice is simple...no long term plans, but rather treat it as you need it.
Go with confidence - you'll be treated great!

You must go there.
Everyone is nice and friendly to the patients.
My husband had back pain for three weeks and I had neck pain for almost several months.
We were all good with one treatment.
Unlike the other places where they force you to visit there 10 or 20 times just to let them abuse our insurance benefits, Dr. Kislling does his best to fix our problems as quick as he can.

Very skilled, and extremely meticulous with their patients.
I agree 100% with the other reviews here.
These doctors have my highest recommendation.

Hands down, Align has THE BEST chiropractors ever!
Dr. Kissling and Dr. Quisberg are amazing, as well as their awesome staff- they are always so friendly and all smiles, and they all make you feel like family!
When I was going through a settlement, Dr Q. sat me down and explained my Med Pay with my insurance, and made sure that I understood what was going on.Their massage therapists are great, as well.
I would recommend Align Chiropractic to everyone.

I have been to this place twice.
My three-star rating is for multiple reasons.
Ease of getting in quickly would give this place 5 stars, however - with the two visits I had the 3-star rating mostly comes from the office staff.
The first visit I had, one of the front desk ladies was on a personal phone call, and the other one was down-talking a patient while I was waiting to be seen.
The second visit, the office staff was on a personal phone call when I arrived, and when I left.
I have a bit of a pet-peeve on making personal phone calls at the front desk.
.especially when you are so involved in the conversation - you don't acknowledge the customer right away.
Make a phone call on your cell in the back  (on break) or go outside.
Another part of the rating was for overall professionalism.
I was on a rolling table and the door was left open for all to see my body rolling up and down - a little privacy would have been nice.
Some of comments made by Dr. K were (in my personal opinion) a little unusual for the normal doctor lingo you'd expect.
For one of the cracking sessions, I was told to put my hand over my "boob.
"  Most male doctors are a little uncomfortable with discussing a patients chest/BREAST area anyway, and they call it just that - "place your hand over your chest," and they demonstrate what they mean.
LOL I have to laugh, but again - just a first for me.
Over all - the doctors seem like they do not want to milk insurance and actually want you to get better and not have to return, but - I'll probably try another office for future visits.

All I can say is AHHHHHHHHHHH I feel so relaxed.. Fabulous doctors and staff everyone was so friendly and helpful

I got an Amazon locals coupon for massage and this is not the first massage coupon I bought.
Alison is by far the best I have tried in Vegas!
Very relaxing!
Office staff are very friendly, the doctor is nice too.

I came here for a massage and had a Groupon for an 60 minute massage.
The massage was great, but I was not pleased that they ripped me off by not massaging for the full 60 minutes.
Just because I have a Groupon, doesn't mean you have the right to cut corners and reduce the amount of time that the voucher said... ($90 value).
Other than that, massage was great, but I wasn't about to ask for the full sixty minutes after they already took me out of the room and I realized the 60 minutes hasn't been fulfilled yet.
A customer should never have to ask to get what the paid for.

I had such mixed emotions about this place after my experience with them.
So here's the story...I bought a Groupon for an exam, massage and adjustment.
When I called to make a appointment, they couldn't get me in for 3 weeks, it was okay, I'm flexible with my schedule.
A few days before my appointment a couple friends told me they were going to get married in Vegas, they planned on the day of my appointment, so they made sure to make it early enough so I wouldn't miss the wedding or appointment.
The wedding was beautiful, then I rushed to my appointment, I noticed a missed call on my phone from them, but no message, I figured they were just confirming.
I get there and they tell me the massage therapist called in sick, said they called me, I threw back that they didn't leave a message.
They were very apologetic and made another appointment for me the next week.
I had been dropped off for my appointment, so I had to wait for my ride, it was 110 degrees out so I waited inside.
I was parched after rushing around, they had a water cooler, but no cups in the whole office.
Since I was there and waiting and the Doc wasn't busy he did a few x-rays and a quick adjustment for me for free.
On my next appointment day, I got a missed call from them, but they left a message this time.
Saying their massage therapist called in sick.
Really!?
So I call them back and they tell me they just got a cancellation for an appointment later today if I would like this appointment.
I took it.
My appointment finally went without a hitch.
Had an awesome massage by Allison and another adjustment from the Doc.
Sadly there were no cups in the waiting room for water again.
All of the staff were nice.
The facility was clean.
Still on the fence if I will go back again.
Only time and back pain will tell.

From beginning to end these guys have mastered the customer service experience.
I called around to numerous chiropractors and each one charged an excessive new customer fee...not the best way to attract new business.
To my surprise and delight I called Align and not only do they not charge a new customer fee...your first session is FREE!!
What a concept!!
That's the kind of confidence and service I look for in a doctor!
They definitely put their customers before their profit.
I had the pleasure of being adjusted by Dr. Kissling and he did a great job of correcting my issues and providing a comfortable and relaxed environment.
I've been using yelp for two years and this is the first review I've written...that's how impressed I was with my experience!
I would definitely recommend Dr. Kissling and Align Chiropractic for all of your Chiropractic needs!

The best Dr's and staff around.
I have consistently gotten amazing results from these professionals.
One of the big pluses for me is the awesome staff.
Everyone here truly cares about you and strive to give you awesome service.
The other thing that stands out is I have always been able to come right in to get my adjustment.
for these re sons I will continually recommend and return to these chiropractic masters.

Office staff all seem very friendly and so far I've had two massages and both were great (two different women) I highly recommend the tall, blonde doctor.
He's very good.. And I'm not just saying that because he's cute.
Don't worry folks, he's happily married (12 years) Anyway, he's got a lot of energy, which can be a little overwhelming when you just finished an hour massage, but his adjustments are very strong and right on the money.
Massage and adjustment all for $65.
Great deal.
I'll definitely be back.

I found Align Chiropractic on Living Social and am SO glad that I did.
I have been suffering from lower back pain for over two months now.
After seeing two different massage therapists, cutting back on CrossFit/heavy lifting and waiting for 'time' to heal it, I was extremely discouraged.
I finally found the answer I suspected - it was actually being triggered by an injury in my right glute!
(Gotta love my big booty)  Everyone here is so friendly and accommodating.
I never had a problem scheduling an appointment and I always left feeling better than when I got there.
My absolute favorite is the vibration muscle therapy *makes oogly heart eyes*.
That helped loosen up my whole right side with the quickness!
I will definitely be a regular patient/customer even now that I've used both of my living social deals.
The pain in my back is still there but getting better and has improved drastically with my visits.

Best Chiropractic office in town!
Dr Kissling and Dr Q are both amazing!
They are genuine and really care about getting people better.
The entire staff is great and if you are just looking to get a massage I wouldn't go anywhere else!
Now with 4 locations there is an office in your area.
I am definitely a lifetime patient/client!

I have been to a lot of Chiropractors in the valley, and I can honestly say that this place is great!
Plus it is like 10 minutes away from the Mtn.
Edge area.
It is pretty accessible for others too, since it is located 2 mins off the Durango/ 215 (SW) exit.
I cannot comment on their prices, since I usually purchase a LivingSocial or Groupon deal for them.
But as far as those deals are concerned, they are really affordable.
I normally go with the $30-$40 deal that comes with a 1 hr massage and adjustment.
The chiropractors I have seen have been great, and seem to get the kinks out of my neck and back (I am not sure what a bad one is like, so I dont have a 'floor' indicator.

I love this place, They listen what I Needed Did the adjustments I was in and out in 15 minutes.
I usually see a chiropractor three or four times a year But this is my new favorite place!!
The staff was friendly and professional, Thank you guys!

Great place, A+ service !!
Told them what i need, Did Adjustments  I was in and out in 15 min!!
I will go again for sure, Very professional staff As well....

Great office and staff.
Got us in immediately and got my friend adjusted.
If I ever need an adjustment I know exactly where I will be going.

As far as the massage therapists and the chiropractors go, I don't have anything negative to say.
The massage I received from Sharonna was fantastic and really helped work out some sore spots.
The alignment was also great and I felt refreshed afterwards.
HOWEVER.
Their billing policies are bizarre and to this day I do not understand it.
I was informed that with my insurance a massage would be $40 and if I chose to get realigned at the time of my massage appointment, they could do it for $65.
Not a bad deal so I went back about three times.
Then I got a bill in the mail for $130.
Where did this come from....?
I can't stand "hidden fees" and the likes so I won't be returning.

Omg, My lower back has been in pain for 3 weeks .
I read about Align on Yelp and  said to myself I need to go there .
So today I finally went .
I have to say what an amazing place !
I had a vocher from Groupon for first time customer's .
I was surprise for the price I got a lot done .My doctor was great and knew right away what to do with me .
I will be there next week for some more relief :)Thank's Doc & a great staff

After moving to Vegas, it was hard for me to find someone that could adjust me the way my previous chiropractor did.
Then I found Align and made and appointment and I have been incredibly pain free since I did.
Great Staff .. Makes you feel welcome when you walk in the door.

I have suffered from a very long painful neck injury, they always make me feel so much better.
The Doctors and Staff here are all excellent, friendly and knowledgeable.
They accept most insurances and know what they are doing.
I love going here to get a massage.
The office is conveniently located.
Thanks so much to everyone at Align!

Love, love, love this place!
I am pregnant and was experiencing a lot of lower back pain.
The doctor cracked my back and I felt almost immediate relief.
He recommended a massage so I scheduled and was really happy with my hour massage, it was much needed, and made my back feel great.
The staff was professional and it was really easy to get an appointment.
The cost was low and they accepted my insurance!
I really recommend this place for anyone having pain and issues with their body.
They advised me that they treat a whole lot of conditions.
Make an appointment you won't be disappointed!

Best massage therapy.
... great adjustment

The two usual chiropractors here, Dr. Kissling and Dr. McCauley (sp?
), are really great at what they do--they are competent, efficient, and nice guys who make getting adjusted pleasant :)  Best things about this office: 1) They take walk-ins.
(But be prepared that as a walk-in, there might be a half-hour wait.
) This is great for me, because I know when I need an adjustment, so I don't have to deal with making and cancelling unnecessary appointments--and I can go in right away when I know I need it.
2) They are nice and non-judgmental, in my experience.
I went in on 4 days in one week at one point, and they were totally cool about it.
3) The prices are affordable.
My insurance has a really high deductible, so I get a cash client package where it ends up being $30 per visit.
4) The chiropractors are great.
(I would have put this as #1, but it might have seemed a bit redundant, since I started the review with this.
)  The pre-adjustment ultrasound treatment is a great perk.
I definitely recommend the two chiropractors at this office.
These guys know what they are doing.

