Seriously, the owner, Sam, makes the best traditional macchiato in town.
OH, and he's a seriously nice guy too.
I did see vegan cupcakes in the display case as well as gluten-free cookies.
Win.

So cool!
Great space!
Super stylish!
Guy who slings the brew really seems passionate about his craft.
I'm serious about my Iced Americanos, and Lo-Fi did *not* disappoint!
My only gripe is that they do not have decaf, however the owner did have a good reason.. he just can't seem to find decaf worth serving..
I'm really glad to have something this cool and stylin' in Downtown Mesa... worth a trip just to check it out!

I am all about supporting great local businesses and Lo-Fi didn't disappoint!!!
Love when the owner is working and you see him everytime, Sam is a great guy and easy to talk to.
Serves I think the best coffee in town.
Very cool decor, very relaxing.
We love stopping in when we are in the downtown Mesa area and even when we are heading in a  different direction.
I am telling you, the Coffee is worth it.
Good quality stuff!!!!
The prices are very reasonable, I was surprised for such a great cup of coffee.
Keep up the GREAT WORK SAM!!!

Popped in here because Inside the Bungalow was closed and this was the first coffee shop on Main St. we spotted.
It did not disappoint!
It's a very large space with great art and furniture, but was rather empty - given, we went in on a Friday afternoon.
I hope they get more business in during the evenings and weekends so it doesn't disappear like so many other local businesses.
The owner was the only one working and was very nice and talkative, you felt very welcome and not looked down on like at some other coffee places.
He used a very robust, woodsy coffee for my latte which surprised me - coffee used in mixed drinks usually doesn't stand out so much other than simple coffee flavour.
It was very good!
There were also plenty of gluten-free and/or vegan baked goods available for those who like that sort of thing.
The prices were competitive, too - $3.25 for a 16oz.
latte with pumpkin spice flavour added.
If this was closer to my house, I would definitely frequent it.
I want to go back and try some of the other coffees and the banana chocolate chip muffins I spotted in the case.

Came here on a chilly night in December and was warmed up by a delicious cappuccino!
This place has a really nice atmosphere.
My sister got a cup of coffee and I loved the way they brewed it by cup.
I want one for home!

If you are looking for a great coffee experience in Mesa, this is your place!
I just had the best soy latte I've had in years, the guy making drinks is friendly and really knows his stuff, and there is plenty of seating in this very clean and relaxing cafe.
You should definitely check it out!

Just went today for the first time today and definitely LOVED it!
The gentlemen making drinks was super friendly and the coffee was awesome!
Very clean and great relaxing atmosphere.
Def will be going regularly.

fabulous almond milk latte!
the barista was lovely and skilled and intelligent.
and I had a vegan scone that was to die for delicious!!!
go go go!!

The drinks, service and atmosphere at Lo Fi are about the best around.
Sam will pour you a perfect cup of whatever you want with a smile and some friendly banter.
The prices are very reasonable, especially when you consider the quality of the drinks.
As for food, I've only had an amazing cookie.
I've heard great things from those around me, though.

Great coffee, friendly people, and the yummiest monkey bread cupcake I've ever eaten.
This little coffee shop is just what downtown Mesa needed.
It's got a relaxed vibe and the coolest exposed brick walls.
Plenty of places to sit and things to read.
The baristas are always nice and talkative and make a mean iced latte(no burnt tasting espresso here, unlike that place that starts with an S).
Great place for people watching, conversation with a friend, and the surfing the interwebs.
The iPad cash register is pretty cool too.
The only thing is it can get kinda crazy whenever there is a show at the venue it's attached to.
Not too bad inside but lots of teens hanging around outside.
Don't be an old fuddy duddy and you'll be fine.

This is a nice coffee shop, pretty calm here considering i been here all day and the biggest rush has been 4 people.
I got the iced coffee / toddy.
To be honest the iced coffee was pretty good.
Not diluted and not overpowering.
It is a very standard coffee shop layout.
It has a good study layout, but the room sound travels too easily and if you are a study in the quiet type person it isn't going to work for you.
To address the price, it is about the same as other places, their prices include tax so that is always nice.
You only need quarters when you go here.
Very convenient  The staff is chill, definitely a nice place to come by if you live around here.
(which i dont)  The only thing which is dumb is the parking time limits, but that is the city's fault.
Why doesn't this place get 5 stars you ask?
They really don't have anything to make this a unique destination, it is just plainly a coffee shop with out a specialty type drink they overly excel at.
I went in and asked if they had a specialty type drink they are known for...i was told the toddy with soy.
Needless to say, it was good but didnt blow me away to be a specialty of theirs.
Nothing special, but a solid place to frequent if you are looking for a standard coffee drink.

Not a good place for studying or chilling out and having conversation.
Wi-fi is unreliable.
Next door neighbor plays heavy metal music so loud that you can't have a conversation or even hear the music that is playing in the coffee shop.

I love Lo-Fi Coffee!!
I stumbled upon this cute and quaint coffee shop after attending a show at the Nile Theater.
It is located right behind the Nile and is a perfect spot to sit, hang out and drink an amazing cup of coffee while waiting for doors to open before a show.
The baristas take the time to individually make your drink so it is brewed to perfection.
The coffee is genuinely good and the baristas know their stuff.
I can't recommend just one drink because everything they make is so delicious!

This place is awesome!
Mesa's downtown is becoming more and more engaging and unique amongst Phoenix's surrounding cities and if you're along this strip for the 2nd Friday art walk or visiting any of the other unique and interesting stores in downtown Mesa be sure to make Lo-Fi THE place to stop in and take a quick break.
You'll most likely be served by the owner himself (or a barista under the owners watchful eye) and he is just an awesome dude.
Support your local businesses and help grow the AZ economy!
They are always whipping up a new latest and greatest batch of home-made vegan delicacies and even if you're not into coffee they have a wide range of other drinks and pastries to make the visit well worth it.
I stop in every 2nd Friday Art walk I attend and try something new and it's always delicious!

Recently, I found myself in downtown Mesa looking for a place to sit an write a while while my son went to a concert - I had 4-5 hours to kill.
I planned visiting one of the coffee houses within a 5 mile radius but my lack of familiarity with Mesa made that a disagreeable prospect.
Fortunately, I noticed Lo-Fi Coffee, which was literally part of the concert venue building, before I began my trek.
Lo-Fi was a comfortable place that served good coffee.
But what made me a fan of Lo-Fi was the barista, an Air force vet who was friendly and went out of his way to make me comfortable (they closed at 9 and he let me sit in  until 9:30 - concert lasted until midnight).
If I lived closer, or if Lo-Fi opened shop nearer where i live, I would go back again.

I'm writing this as I sit at Lo-Fi.
Cute place, I needed free Internet due to mine not currently working.
The place could use a bit of sprucing up.
The food display looks sad.
I see a few pastries, cans of juice and empty plates.
The broom and the vacuum could be put somewhere other than right by the food display.
My latte was not bad, but it was overly sweet.
I wasn't given an option of here or togo cup.
The cafe worker was very nice.
I didn't care for the fact that his girlfriend came in and they sat right next to me eating lunch.
It just kinda makes me feel like I'm intruding on his private time...  Love the patio, hope they owner can make a few changes.
Oh, best part, Free Wi Fi!

Great locally owned coffee shop,chill and  relaxing atmosphere.
The coffee is wonderful!
Variety of options for those who don't do milk, soy and almond are offered as substitutes.
Tasty little homemade treats are avaibale too!

Love Sam at Lo-Fi!
Super friendly and easy to talk to!
I love getting my coffee and heading to the local shops on Main St.   Stop in anytime for a little joy!

I love the helpful staff, have chatted with the owner, used the free Internet to study and enjoyed several coffee offerings frozen iced and hot - all very good.
Here's the thing I know it's probably just because I'm old and not cool but, I always feel like cleaning the place when I'm there, Like I'm a mom at a frat house.
That said I love that they are in downtown Mesa and helping to provide a place for the cool people to go :)

Since there's not  much going on in Downtown Mesa, I'm going up and down the Main street strip and critiquing all!
(I'm still working at the Health care facility and Mesa--and looking--if anyone has an opening please let me know!!!
I need to work FT hours and conduct my college internship somewhere a bit more progressive!
plz msg me)  Ordered the special of the day: Orgeat 12 oz  latte for 3.25 and a vegan choc peppermint scone and it was very good!
They have a seletion of bagel sandwiches too and will return to try!
They score high for having agava syrup  Suggestions to business: Clean glass and door of messy hand prints Post cost of food in case (muffins at $1.50 would move faster than $2) Get some better framing for musician pictures and hang more aesthetically, organized not mishap, around sofa area.

Wow!
First time here.
Iced coffee is amazing.
This place has a great vibe and is right in downtown Mesa.
I'm diggin it

Coffee shops like this almost make me want to move to AZ.
After some impromptu antiquing in Mesa we stumbled into this coffee shop just before closing.
Great iced-tea, great coffee, great cookie - awesome friendly service!
The barista is the sorta guy we'd hang out with all the time if we lived there.
Gave us some great recommendations for places to eat in the neighborhood too.

This place, aside for being very casual, has the best air conditioning in downtown Mesa.
Also, they make the best Americano I have had in a long time.

