This place is just down the street from where I live, so I decided to check out their advertised $5.25 lunch specials.
It's a cross between a restaurant and a fast food place, so I'd label it as a casual dining experience.
I ordered the orange chicken which was largely portioned, but ultimately found the sauce too syrupy and sticky.
But there are a lot of choices on the menu and I feel compelled to return.
And the best part...they deliver!
A nice alternative to Panda Express.
I'd recommend seeking it out.

Looking for a cheap place for lunch and I remembered seeing a sign that this place had a lunch special.
$5.55 for lunch ($6 on the spot after taxes) dine-in only soup, rice/noodles and dish, fountain drink.
A whopping deal in my book!
I thought it was a real restaurant, with a waiter that serves you, but it's not!
You go in and order at the front and then sit down and they will bring the food to you.
Gigantor portions!
Very clean place and the stuff is very welcoming!
Food wise: I had better beef and broccoli in my life.
The sauce was good, just the texture of the beef was not my favorite...very chewy.
I will go back to try other dishes though.
Egg drop soup was very delicious!
I wish I would have grabbed a menu as I left, I would like to see what else they offer.

UPDATE 1: I decided to go back for the honey chicken.
It fell below expectations.
It was served sweet-and-sour style (thick battered pieces of chicken with sauce on the side), but I found the chicken too rubbery and the sauce much too sweet and syrupy.
I'm willing to give this place one more try before I update my rating for the last time.
UPDATE 2: Finally, I decided to try the sesame chicken in order to round out the most popular chicken plates.
It was kind of dry and completely covered in seeds (I saw it again the next day).
While it's an improvement over the honey chicken, I still recommend the orange chicken over all the other choices.
(A fellow Yelper tipped me off that you can order it with the sauce on the side, which makes it even better.
)    I'm going to demote this place a star, since 2 out of 3 of the things I ordered turned out to be a total letdown.

China Garden is doing everything right in my eyes.
It's not 5 star flavor, but it is still damn tasty for the price and portion size.
My chicken dish had possibly two breasts of meat and a busload of fresh veggies I wasn't expecting.
Of course I order a spicy dish and should probably have said I like it Godzilla Hot and instead I got Mothra Not Hot (I never understood Mothra with the glitter and singing girls).
Other than that the meat was cooked well, veggies were tender and it was served on a plate large enough to surf on!
The Egg Drop Soup was on point and full of egg and flavor.
For $6 total you are definitely getting a bang for your buck here.
If you are as lucky as I was Family Guy will be playing on the boob tube while you are eating.
Giggitty!!!!
Will I be back?
Hell to the yeah.
Maybe today since the lunch special runs until 4pm.
Big props to China Garden!

The chef does not know how to cook!!!
I ordered Kong Pao Shrimp as a takeout from the website menu.
The picture looked quite good.
However, it turned out a huge disappointment.
It was nothing that was close to Kong Pao shrimp - only some 'watery', no-flavor boiling of cucumber, zukini and water chestnut 'decorated' with only a few shrimp.
Don't be fooled by the 5-star reviews on google - that's how I got fooled.
It is an absolutely "don't go".
Your appetite for Chinese food would be ruined by this restaurant.

I have been eating here at least twice a week for lunch since I discovered them and have not been disappointed, yet.
Last night I grabbed dinner to go on the way home since I was fighting a severe Ben & Jerry's craving thanks to a fellow foodie.
This meal hit the spot.
I ordered the Dinner Special which was Beef with Garlic Sauce extra spicy of course and it included fried rice and an egg roll with tax about $7.80.
It took about ten minutes and was handed to me with a smile.
The portions are still enormous I had to carry the bag with two hands!
I get home and didn't even take my shoes off or wait for the food to cool off.
I started grubbin and found that the Garlic Beef is my new fave here.
It's loaded with tender beef, corn, mushrooms, onions, bell papers and water chestnuts.
The sauce is sweet and garlicky with a hint of spice.
So good!
I gave the rice to my mom since I'm being good.
I did take a bite of the egg roll and will pass on that next time.
Large portions, quality ingredients, friendly and fast service for under eight bucks.
Overall China Garden is still doing it right and I am still a super fan.

Legit!!!
The portions are big, the prices are set right.
The restaurant is clean and the staff is friendly.
All in all it's the best Chinese place I've found in Green Valley/Henderson.

Consistently 4 stars:    This is my eighth Yelp check-in visit in China Garden.
Friendly service and quality of the food has consistently been 4 stars.
My visits have been before 4 pm, the latest time to catch the lunch special.
I dine inside.
Their lunch specials top off at $6.25.
Of course, if you dining in, I suggest a tip.
Similar to the majority of Chinese restaurants, a shrimp's entry is the top priced item.
($6.25).
Their lunch special gives a grand portion of quality food for their money.
It includes a fountain drink for people dining in (Pepsi products), soup of the day (on every visit egg drop soup), an entree with fried rice and chow mein.
My favorite China Garden dishes are the pepper steak, shrimp with lobster sauce, and shrimp chop suey.
The chow mein noodles take up a small portion of the plate.
I left a few Chinese restaurants slightly let down by too much of the plate filled with ordinary chow mein noodles.
For the record, the chow mein noodles are tasty.
China Garden also cooks NY chow mein.
It is a separate combination dish.
I tried it, and was not a fan of it.
China Garden so far, is obviously doing the right thing.
My brother, who lives in North Las Vegas, will eat here when he is in Henderson.
He recommends the barbecue spare ribs.
Return factor: High

My favorite Wonton soup.
I eat it often.
All the noodle dishes are really good also.

Boba not good.

It's been a while since I have been back and now I remember why.
The food is decent and the prices are ok for the large portion sizes.
My problems: Usually when I have went I eat my soup while I wait for my to go order.
Today I was told no, soup is only for dine in.
I would understand this...but it's like three ounces of soup in a togo cup (the cup is a togo styrofoam cup whether it is for eat in or not) so if I am ordering three meals for carryout, is it that serious to let me have a half cup of soup for the twenty minute wait?
But no big deal, hey I am not crying over half a cup of soup, just seems to me if there is one table in the whole place you might want to go the extra mile.
My main issue: I ordered kung pao chicken no chicken, baby corn instead of chicken.
I order this at every chinese restaurant I go to, and rarely have an issue.
I had a whole conversation with the dude about meat, that I wouldnt mind paying extra, I just prefer x veggies instead of chicken, mainly corn.
I get my order and it is tied in a knot to where I cant open the bag without ripping the whole bag open.
I get home and open my box....to Kung Pao Zucchini.
I mean literally, it is ALL zucchini with TWO bites of carrot and three (no seriously, three) water chestnuts and zero baby corn.
WTH?
So I call and talk to the dude, and ask him what gives?
I mean, I like zucchini as much as the next person but really?
He says oh, there are carrots in there too, to which i let him know there was two bites.
I asked where the corn was, I mean we had this whole conversation.."Oh, I wasn't really paying attention to all that.
Do you want to come back for another one?
"  Ahh no, it is over 100 degrees out and I just finally got home with my messed up food, no I will not be driving back.
Ever.
My boyfriends bourbon chicken was ok, he didn't care for the chow mein or rice so we just threw that away.
So yeah, I gave them a benefit star for having big portions and good prices.
SO if you like a lotta stuff for a lot of cheap, here ya go.
However, for real chinese, I would definitely recommend trying elsewhere.

Found a hair in my rice, other than that it was good.

I have been going here on a regular basis since my job change.
From the beginning it has been good and had maintained the goodness.
It is not China Town goodness but close.
For catering to an all types Cuisine in the neighborhood they can cater to the strong Asian Cuisine, because it is owned and run by Asians but also cater to the neighborhood which is not as much.
In my opinion that is impressive.
The prices are a bit hard to maneuver until you become a regular.
I ordered a soup and was told there was only one size.
About 15 minutes after I ordered and was eating my food my coworker came in with a half size.
Uggh, well he told me how to order but seriously if I'm asking it means I am looking!
Blahhh...
The food is good, filling and makes me want to take out instead of cooking in after a long day...

Craving Chinese I decided to give This place a shot.
Specials for lunch and dinner are reasonably priced.
I had the General Tso's.
it was pretty tasty, not the best but good.
The fried rice was mediocre.
Tasted like Panda Express.
I did like the egg roll.
Actual pork inside not just veggies and a decent size.
I will go back to try more.

My husband and I order from China Garden probably twice a month, and we are always completely satisfied.
They service is very friendly, and the deliveries always arrive well within the time frame given over the phone.
The food itself always cures our Chinese-delivery cravings.
We try a lot of different items, but some of our favorites are the Wonton Soup, the Curry Chicken, and the Mongolian Beef.
The portions are generous, easily providing two additional meals, so the $40 average that we spend seems to go quite far for us.
For their friendly service and very decent food, China Garden has definitely earned two happy & loyal customers.

Seriously, i've had better.

Horrible delivery service.
If you have the time go in and pick up...?
Food has always been ok every time.
Done now.
Never impressive.

Came in here and ordered the chicken nuggets and noodles , and the waitress looked at me like she didnt know what I was talkng about , study your menu girl .
2 dollars extra to get noodles instead of rice .
Never again , I rate this place with 2 stars because 1 theres no greeting when you enter , no welcoming AT ALL .
And 2 no THANK YOU at all , the only thing I like about this place is there set up .

Great food, horrible customer service.
Always gives bad attitude everytime I come in and its only like twice a year.
Wish they were more people friendly.

I like their food.
The servings are HUGE and the prices are very affordable.
They have lunch and dinner specials which is usually when I go.
They also deliver if you live within a certain mile radius, which I do!
Lol I have never had any problems with this resturant.
Check them out!

I thought I would give this place a try since it is close to my new job.
First when I walked in to pick up my order the lady was rude and didn't wear a smile.
The first thing I ordered was the cashew chicken.
I didn't like it, veggies were soggy and the chicken texture was strange and tasted stale.
My absolute favorite place is China One on Trop/eastern, so I thought well maybe I am just comparing it to them.
So I gave it another try.
Second time around I ordered Teriyaki chicken, simple I thought.
The chicken was even worse this time!
Tasted like over baked shredded chicken leg meat!
I specifically asked for my veggies to be lightly sautéed.
Still soggy!
The rice and noodle are edible/ok.
I won't be returning just not worth the money or frustration.

Love this spot great, fresh food!
Bourbon chicken is the best!!
Egg drop soup is also super yummy!

I would love to give 5 starts, but just can't.
Food is always very yummy if they get it correctly.
Ive ordered from them 15+times.
Good food, but very rude employees.
They dont say Hi or Bye.
Walk in, pay and leave.

I've been eating here for years and have never been disappointed.
Delivery is fast, food is amazing I order at least once every two weeks.

Never disappointed.
Generous portions at a reasonable price and delivery is extremely fast!

