I bought this deal from Living Social for 2 hours of cleaning for $40.
It took me awhile to get a hold of the owners since 500+ people purchased this deal, but they got back to me eventually (we played phone tag for 2 days).
I booked an additional 2 hours ($40 for the first, & $20 for each additional) so it was a total of $100 for 4 hours.
That is a good price for people who know what they're doing.
They came over today at noon like they had promised and didn't leave until 4PM when they were done.
The husband and wife pair went above and beyond many other cleaners I have had in the past by cleaning the top of my refrigerator and shaking clean my toaster.
When they were getting close to the end, they actually ASKED me to check out the upstairs before they left to make sure I was happy with it.
It's usually me running after cleaners to tell them spots they have missed!
My only qualm is that they didn't make the bed which cleaning services usually do.
However, it's not a big deal because I'm not paying people to do something that I can do myself in 10 seconds.
I also did have to go back through the kitchen because there was some dirt left, but my kitchen floor is never clean enough for me.
Overall, they did an excellent job on my home and depending on their usual rate, I may be giving them a call in a couple of months.

I have called to use my lviing social voucher over 10 tens.
This is rediculous.
Going to just get my money back from living social.
What horrible ethics!

I normally only give 4 stars because there is always room for improvement.
However, there are not any 5 stars posted, so I will be the first.
I used their services from a Living Social Voucher purchased July 2011 knowing that I would be out of town for a few months at some point and leaving my husband behind to fend for himself.
After reading other reviews, I need to report that I did not have any problems making an appointment.
I called, left a message my call was returned that evening and an appointment was made for a little more than a week away.
Since I had a week, I went about micro-cleaning the Master Bedroom and Bath - thinking I would clean up where I thought the 2 hours on the voucher would go.
I had forgotten that the voucher was for TWO people for 2 hours.
They showed up on time, very professional, in uniform and with their own supplies and equipment.
Not having much to clean (2 baths,  exercise room, great room, kitchen, dining and mostly empty living room) they went about their work.
The house looked great afterward and smelled wonderful - don't know what they used but it was a nice clean smell!
Next time, I won't clean the Master bed and bath and I'll have the office organized so they can clean that too!
I was happy with them and I will use them again if they are willing to travel this far south again.
In a nutshell, give them a try, they are reasonable, professional and they guarantee their work.

I'm really disappointed to see that the average rating of this company is so low.
It's a very, very poor representation of the quality of work they do.
If you read the reviews, everyone who actually had their home cleaned has been pleased, myself included.
The poor reviews here are from potential customers who had a hard time getting a hold of them.
Don't get me wrong-- I'd be irritated too if I was blown off by a company.
But this business is ran by a very nice couple and I am willing to bet that the reason they were so hard to get a hold of was because so many people purchased Living Social deals in a small window of time, and they volume of customers was overwhelming.
Anyway-- we purchased a Groupon for a 2-hour cleaning from this company and I think they worked the kinks out from the Living Social experience because we didn't have any problems booking our appointment.
The day before our appointment, the owners called to confirm that they'd be over at noon.
They arrived five minutes early.
We told them what we wanted cleaned (vacuuming, mopping, dusting, plus the bathrooms and kitchen.
) They got to work right away.
After 2 hours, our house was spotless.
(I would go into detail, but I think anyone on the hunt for a housecleaning company has the same standards.
You want your house to be CLEAN.
) However, I must emphasize that the level of cleanliness and organization they achieved was truly stellar.
I don't think I can stress it enough when I say they really went above and beyond.
I've never seen my bathrooms or kitchen sooo... sparkly?
Walking around my house after they left, I couldn't find anything they'd missed.
There wasn't a crumb in the kitchen, a water speck on the mirrors, a trace of film in the showers...
I can't even believe they cleaned THAT thoroughly in only two hours.
I was so impressed.
So in conclusion, it was almost ridiculous how immaculate my home looked after they came through.
I've never been a repeat customer of a housecleaning service because every one that I've used looks like they rushed their work just to get paid.
Spic N' Span was so far from this though-- my search for a quality housecleaning service is over, as I fully intend to use them again in the future.

I feel the need to post in response to Monika R's post, as I am a customer who did use Spic n Span's services, and they were not good at all.
I have worked with other house cleaning services before.
These folks did not compare favorably.
As others noted, it was difficult to make an appointment, they said they would call to confirm the appointment (since it was several weeks out) and they did not, they showed up 20 minutes late, and their attitude was not great.
The LivingSocial deal was for 2 hours of cleaning services.
After 1 hour they said they were done, even though the house did not look incredibly clean (again, compared to other services we have used).
When I asked if they were going to do certain things, their initial response was that they did not do them: Windows, Refrigerator, Ceiling fan, Bed sheets.
They said that those things qualified as 'maid service'.
I am not sure what the difference is between maid service and house cleaning service, but either way, the places that they did clean did not come out that well, and they were definitely not trying to impress.
Which I do not understand, since it seems that the point of the LivingSocial deal from their perspective should be to grow their repeat client base.
I will not use their services again, and recommend that others do not as well, and that LivingSocial not team up with them in the future.
I would ask for my money back, but they did show up and do a cleaning job (as bad as it was), so not sure if I am entitled to a full refund.
But I am disappointed in LivingSocial's screening process of business partners.

OMG DIFFICULT TO REACH ONLY AFTER 5 pm do they answer.
But really they never...
Answered the phone I called living social to try to get refund and they actually got me thru then...
The lady hung up on me and told me to call back after 5.
Wow that's not real this aids should act unprofessional!!!!!
Never reached them after trying for two weeks!!!
Finally got a refund.
Beware

DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY.
I bought three 2 hr cleaning sessions through Groupon.
I called, I emailed and I even texted (many many times).
I have not heard from them.
They would not even acknowledge they rec'd my communications.
If they didn't want to honor these coupons, why even sign up for the promotion.
I'm requesting my money back from Gropon and I hope no one else gets the treatment I have from this horrible company.

These guys are terrible!
Though they had shaky reviews, I decided to give them the benefit of the doubt based upon some of the positive comments regarding their actual work.
Unfortunately, I can't comment on their actual work since they have not returned any of my 4 phone calls, 2 emails, and 1 text message.
I purchased a living social deal 11 weeks ago, and understand that these deals can leave people swamped, but this is ridiculous.
I have mentioned in my messages repeatedly that I don't even mind scheduling an appointment several months in the future if it will ease their burden, but that I DO want to get something scheduled.
(I travel a lot, and I need ample time to make sure I'll be in town when they are scheduled) Really disappointed in the customer service... if they do this poorly returning calls, how bad must they be at showing up to appointments!?

