My two boys, ages three and 20 months, go to Kidz Kidz Kidz full time.
My older son Logan has struggled with a pretty serious speech delay.
After being in class here he is talking up a storm.
Not all of it makes sense yet but he's trying.
He's also making great progress on his potty training which the teachers here are really good about helping with.
Lucas, my younger son, is a super clingy little man.
He never wants to leave mommy or daddy in the morning.
His teacher always takes extra time to hold him and make him feel special so it's okay for mommy to leave.
Super great feature....cameras in the classrooms and playgrounds so I can watch my boys from home or work    I only wish it was a little less expensive.
It's so conveniently located near my home and my boys get great care here so I just suck up the extra fifty a week it costs compared to some other day cares.

Don't take your kids here no matter the convenience.
Teacher turnover is out of control mostly due to being treated poorly.
Ratios are unfathomable, and when teachers call the front desk for help, they tell them not until more kids arrive to warrant another teacher.
Teachers aren't even allowed to clock in until full capacity checks in.
Communication about anything is near impossible.
Front desk management have no decision making power therefore when you ask for something you must wait to speak to a regional.
The regional also gives you nothing more than you can email that to corporate and the owner can make that decision for you.
Which the owner has an awful reputation with the team of being unfair, rude and also never checks the emails from the hundreds of parents complaining.
Their charges for tuition are inconsistent and if you're due for a refund or adjust.... good luck, won't happen.
I checked them on the Better Business Bureau and they have an F rating.
Enough said ... your kids deserve better!

It's a strip mall.
Not what I would call inviting!
The young lady I met was very nice and helpful, I was not impress by the woman in charge.
Seemed in a hurry.
We found other services for our children.

