Oh me, oh my!
This pizza is good!
Really good and expensive!
Price wise they are up there with the likes of Anna's.
However, I think you do get more food for the money here.
Customer service is good too, unlike the zombie employees at Pizza Hut, Domino's, Caesars etc.
During the Flags of Freedom parade they had a vehicle that drove by as some of the employees handed out free stuff, and the lady driving yells to me "we really are the best pizza in town!
"  I don't think she was lying.
While Anna's rocks my world, Day One has more options AND they take a debit card.
I'm thinking these things give them the edge.

It's decent pizza, but it's a little more expensive than your average pie place.
They're serving stuff that's a step or two better than Little Caesar's and charging four times the price.
Service is solid.
Atmophere is nice.

Really friendly owner - who is rather visible in the Sun Prairie community - and I love their garlic chicken alfredo pizza that is on special on Fridays.
The name has to do with "Day One" being a post-Y2K named theme for their restaurant.
Think global, buy pizza local.

We ordered from Day One Pizza during a football game.
We got a Columbus salad, Chicken Wings, and a Buffalo Chicken Pizza.
All of the food was good, not great.
We have no complaints, but weren't blown away.
We were also bummed that they don't have buffalo wings, only honey glazed bbq wings that were a little too sweet for our taste.
The BBQ chicken pizza was pretty good, but I don't know if it was worth the price.
Sun Prairie has better pizza places.

A while ago I saw a coupon in the local paper for $5 off any size mac-n-cheese pizza at Day One.
I like this sort of pizza (I also like circus peanuts, go ahead and judge).
I called ahead for pickup.
It was really loud and busy on the other end, so I sort of wondered how chaotic it would be when I went to get my food.
Turns out, it was completely uneventful.
There was a handful of girls having a birthday party or something and a bunch of employees tucked around a corner.
I got my pizza right away, the coupon worked fine (you never know), and was out of there inside of five minutes.
The pizza was good.
I got the thicker crust which still isn't strong enough to hold up a LOT of macaroni and cheese.
It was filling: my 11-year-old (an eating machine on weekends) only managed two slices.
It was definitely better than Pizza Pit but without the coupon would've been a little steep.
It's a local chain, though, which is a good thing.

We have ordered Day One Pizza a lot we usually just pick it up and take it home to eat.
It's really good pizza but it's pretty pricey.
When my husband went to pick up the pizza last night the workers we're sitting on the table playing cards lol, not to sure about that!
They are all very nice there though and like I said pizza is good!

