Just for the record, I would like to state a couple of things:   First...I am a Physiotherapist.
Second...I hate going to the gym!
However, at Christmas, a foolish notion overtook me and I signed up to run my first half marathon.
Given my desire to finish this run, and not lose my hard-earned pennies (and dignity!
), I felt it was necessary to put aside my hatred of gyms and start working out.
My flatmates use this gym and talked me into going.
I certainly don't regret it!
For a joining fee of £25 (and then £18 a month, which you can leave at any time with no extra fee!
), you get a massive gym, lots of machines and a variety of classes running every day.
There are lovely big changing rooms with everything you need for post-workout showering/changing, and the best bit...it's open 24/7!
You get in using a PIN number and it's extremely secure.
The staff are around pretty much all the time and, unlike the previous reviewer, I found them to be quite friendly.
In addition to the smiles, they don't hassle you like a lot of gym instructors do (hence my hatred!
) but are available should you require them.
There are plenty of hand sanitisers (although I saw very few folk actually using them!
) and the staff will check people for not having a towel.
Personally, I would rather people gave their seats a wee wipe down after using the equipment, and will not even ponder the alternative!
All told, I've enjoyed working out here and will continue to do so until such a time as I'm ready to run this pesky half-marathon...hopefully I'll live to tell the tale!

I'm not a great fan of gyms as I prefer to get exercise outside, running or hill walking.
Having said (typed) that, I do love/hate a good spin class.
Pure gym has LOTS of them.
Ok, so you have to be on the ball with your booking, there are only 9 bikes and places go FAST, but the booking process is super-easy (all online) and I've often managed to sneak into a class when there are last minute cancellations.
The quality of class does vary depending on instructor and I get annoyed that they seem to want you to cycle out of time with the music.
But generally, I manage to work up a good sweat (lovely) and feel properly exhausted after class.
I've also been to the pilates classes which, while being somewhat repetitive from week to week, do leave me feeling wonderfully stretched out.
Just a shame there isn't a separate room for them as the dance music played throughout the whole gym doesn't exactly give the right atmosphere for pilates...
They've just started offering yoga classes too and I suspect dance music will be even more of an issue in those.
Still, at least the area for classes is separated from the main gym by partitions, unlike at the City Centre branch where you're on display for all to see.
(Same with the spin bikes which are nicely tucked away around a corner at OT.
)  The gym itself is huge with lots of equipment and, even at peak times, there are always machines free to use.
The (female, can't comment on the male, obviously) changing rooms are fine, large and clean.
Staff are friendly and approachable.
It is a shame that there's no pool but, given that it costs a mere £17.99 a month, I can pay to swim elsewhere and still be paying less overall than I would if I joined any other gym.
(If you're a frequent swimmer this may not be the case.
)  If you have money, and don't mind spending it on gym membership, then go for one of the fancier ones.
If you don't have much money, or resent spending large amounts of it on gym membership, then Pure Gym is fantastic value and an absolutely fine place to exercise.

i love the gym!
no really, i know that a lot of people say they love the gym, but i actually do.
yes, i still struggle to go sometimes but when i'm there i just love it!
i think it's mainly the feeling i have at the end of my work out as i strut my stuff back to the locker room knowing how hard i just worked.
yes, very happy endorphins pumping through my body!
and the satisfaction of knowing that i've finished my work out for that day.
i've been a member at pure gym (ocean terminal) since the start of july.
i bought a three day pass to try it out in june and was initially a bit underwhelmed with it all.
the price was right, but what was i getting besides just a big room filled with lots of gym equipment?
my underwhelment forced me to try out another gym that had just opened along the road from my work and thanks to this gym (very small and sad and expensive!
) i realised how great pure gym was!!!
yes, it still is a big room with lots of work out equipment stuff in it BUT it also have loads of people having awesome work outs in it and friendly staff and personal trainers that wander the floor so you can ask them for help when needed and it's an amazing price for a gym that is open ALL THE TIME!!!
not like i would go to the gym at 3am, but it's nice to know if i wanted to i totally could.
also since there is loads of equipment (dozens of treadmills, cross trainers, step machines, and bikes and at least two of every weight machine) i never have to wait for anything.
the only negative is that they have a very small area for doing things like sit ups and stretches which makes it hard to find a mat during the peak times.
it would be helpful if they could expand this somehow....  seriously though, i love this place and always regret the days that i'm lazy and don't go because i know how great i would feel after a work out there.
so happy i joined and that i can now strut my very much more toned self both in and out of the gym :)

ok pure gym, you know i love you.
i'm there at least three days a week and spend at least an hour and a half each time.
so why aren't you showing the love back?
a few weeks ago you added an awesome TRX station where the rowing machines used to be and you moved the rowing machines to where the mats were for doing sit ups and stretches.
however, you didn't move the sit up/stretch area anywhere... there are a few sad mats around the TRX station and just two squeezed in by the rowing machines.
i really find this unacceptable as i'm sure a number of other gym users do as well.
also, i've put not one but two comments in your comment box and have had zero feedback on this matter.
so now you've lost a star because i'm not as in love with the gym as i used to be.
sort out this issue and i'll add the fifth star again.

wow pure gym, you really work for that five star review.
after my previous review and leaving a comment card with a yelp business card attached, i received a response from the gym manager.
he very kindly explained that they had set up a new area for the mats near the back of the gym.
and sure enough on my visit last night when i went to investigate, there is a large area of mats where a number of unused stationary bikes used to be.
so i am much happier about this situation.
however, what really warrants this quick update is your staff.
last night when i returned to the locker room to get ready to leave, i found a girl sat on the floor saying she felt incredibly faint.
i went back out to the gym floor and spoke to two personal trainers on duty that immediately found a female trainer to go into the locker to check on the girl while another went to go get ther girl's water and other personal belongings from the spin class she left.
the trainer then sat with the girl to make sure she was feeling better and made sure she would be ok to get home.
fantastic customer service!
and good to know that your staff take gym user's personal health & safety very seriously.

