It's close to me, and it's beautiful right on the Riparian Preserve.
Huge windows in the back so you can get a comfy seat and have a great view of the lake.
Since you can request all your things online through the county website, getting what you're looking for is a breeze.
They also have great reading programs for children, at least I think so.
Who knows if they've been cut by now.
Good place to escape the heat of summer.

I love this library so much.
They have a great layout, a perfect location and friendly staff.
Their website is extremely helpful.
You can search for your books online, request a hold then pick them up in the reserved section under your name.
I liked the library so much, I begun volunteering a couple weeks ago.
The staff is so nice to the volunteers.
I feel very welcome here.

One of the cleanest libraries in the East Valley!
Staff is very helpful, even if you have to wait in a line.
Many options available for patrons.
Nice little book store in front to purchase books.
Bathrooms are clean and well maintained.
We love coming to this library!

Nice library with TONS of computers, private study rooms, community meeting areas, and right on the Riparian Preserve and Lake.
Beautiful area!

Absolutely LOVE this library.
Beautiful facility: clean, well-lit, and organized.
Easy to find what you need, website is easy to navigate (and simple to request items to place on hold), staff is very friendly and helpful.
Went to our first toddler story time today and it was great!
It kept my six-month-old baby engaged the whole time with songs, stories, puppets, etc.
We love visiting this library on a weekly basis.

I love this library!
From the blu rays to the DVD's their selection is fantastic.
They have seems to have some amazingly new movies which I'm always impressed with.
There are also some great CD's to choose from.
Another this I really enjoy is the architecture.
From the front the building it looks pleasant enough, but the interior seems so welcoming and relaxing for some reason.
Add that to the fact that when you look out the windows at the back makes you forget where you are - like you should be duck hunting or something - and what started as a run to grab a couple books and a movie turns into a leisurely day with out a care in the world.
Except you forgot about those overdue charges... whoops!

This was where I spent every weekend this semester to study.
I love this library, the view from the large windows is better than the view from my other favorite library, Burton Barr.
Nice large tables, plenty of outlets to keep electronics charged, clean bathrooms.
My only complaint is that they don't do a very good job of monitoring the noise level in the library area.
I understand that some people out there don't have a clue about what's going on around them and allow their kids to play hide and seek and throw temper tantrums outside of the children's section but the librarians need to regulate.
I still have to give it 5 stars though because it's so tranquil to me... when the screaming kids are gone.

I really like my library.
It is spacious and cool and organized and has lovely views of the bird sanctuary.
Seems like the shelves are rather barren lately.
Is it all going the way of e-books?
I love libraries in general.
This one is modern but lacks the excitement of the downtown Phoenix library or the amazing Seattle library; thus the 4 star review.
It never ceases to surprise me that 4 out of 5 times I go, it is closed.
Go figure....

They have a great child section & also very friendly and helpful staff.
Location is convenient and they also have great classes for kids & adults!

I love the library!
The location is great for me and the kids.
In ten years I've never had an issue with the staff.
There is a good selection of books, DVDs, and magazines.
Anything I can't find on site I can usually locate within the system and place a request.

After many, many failed attempts to come to the library and get a library card, mostly due to my poor planning, we finally made it!
I was pretty spoiled when it comes to libraries because of the Frisco, TX library which was amazing, and I am happy to report, just in case you were loosing sleep over it, that this library comes pretty close.
The library is good in size, clean and well organized.
Employees are courteous and friendly.
There is a separate section that has the children's and teenage area.
They have a good amount of computer stations and plenty of tables plus private rooms.
Definitely a good place to come with your children or even by yourself to spend a nice afternoon.

