Very clean Donut Store, the area was well lite; they had newspapers for customer to read.
All the donuts were very well stocked, and you could smell the aroma of fresh donuts being cooked.
The floor was clean and so where the tables.
It was a nice place to just visit and wait for the Dollar Cinema to open.
Two donuts with tax came to $2.14 with tax.

I love the Dunkachino, but not this Dunkin donuts.
Every time I go they charge me a different amount for the medium Dunkachino, sonetimes it's $2.53, $2.48, or 2.17.
I don't get it, it's not a lot of money but I feel like the employees are stealing.
The Dunkachino isn't even on their menu.
The Dunkin donuts on the Las Vegas strip going south and the one on Bermuda both charge a $1.93 so what gives.

Awful place, horrible customer service.. Matter of fact no customer service.. Don't think upper management cares, for we have spoken to them about it, and their service remains the same..
I do not recommend going there, if you have another donut shop near by, don't.. Because you will pay an arm and a leg for nothing.
If your a regular, they'll just know your face to get ready in advance to mess with your order, to laugh to their coworkers, and

This Dunkin is Ok.
Sometimes they get my order totally wrong, like how does an Iced Mocha Latte become an Iced Coffee with cream?
I have never gotten anything but Sesame Bagels and Lattes here.
The staff is usually pretty nice but harried.

The product quality meets the franchise standard, but the customer service I receive was VERY lacking.
The Woman at the register rolled her eyes at me several times for asking questions about prices, drinks, and if they had wifi (they used to).
Then while sitting in the dining area i could hear the customers mocking someone in the drive thru very loudly and using profanity.
The only other patrons were a mother and her two young children (4-6 years of age).
I was shocked at how these two employees acted, but given the area and what I assume is a VERY high turn over rate; I'm guessing DD has to employ whomever they can.
I will NOT be returning to THIS store, but would gladly visit another location.

Don't see what all the hype is with Dunkin' Donuts coffee

Donuts and coffee are Win/Win, breakfast sandwich, eaaahh not so much, dry ans tasteless.
All in all still a fan and would go again.

I've had a good experience every time I come to this location (I mainly use drive-thru).
I wish I knew the name of the girl who works there in the mornings - she is so sweet and efficient...always a friendly start to the day!
My favorite is the chocolate glazed cake doughnut...
Check it out!

Customer service lacks, piss poor attitude from the people behind the counter.
Needs to understand this location doesn't monopolize the area on sugary treats,  there's a Winchells, a great buns bakery, and Starbucks all within reach.
There's no need for me to give them money for sub par service.
Especially first thing in the morning.

This is one of my Dunkin' Donuts morning hot coffee stops.
The one by my house is usually pretty crowded, and this is one is close to work and easy to get in and out.
The coffee is always perfectly made, and I really like the service.
Good people + good coffee = good experience!

Love me some DUNKIN DONUTS!
Staff is friendly n nice thanks guys.
My truck is being serviced around the corner, taking a few hours so why not spend it in DD!
Coffee is awesome, my blueberry donut goes right with it!

I actually didn't want to give this place any stars but that wasn't an option.
Just don't go there.
Go to your local supermarket.
These people just don't bother.
Donuts tasted day old, had a dry, light consistency and were simply an insult to ones pallet.
Really, why bother to stay in business.

It's Dunkin Donuts so it's gotta be good.
There is always a line at this location but the staff does their best to get orders out promptly.

