I visited this store when I was in Madison and what a fun place!
The staff is fantastic - there to help you and not just to make a sale.
You can tell that the people who work there like what they do and it isn't just another job.
Great styles, great prices, great place!
Plus, they have a variety of styles, for those who just "work out", for runners, for bikers, and plenty of accessories for the in-between.

Received a holiday gift from this store and they were amazingly helpful in my exchange of the item to the proper size.
Very helpful staff, great environment.
Would recommend it to anyone in the area!

Catalyst is all about customer service!
The owner was very focused on getting me the exact right fit for yoga pants.
Very helpful.
Seems to be a family run business which I love!
Always fun stuff in this store and they often have fun drawings and such on FB.
Also offer other community events/workshops through the store.
This is the place if you are in need of running, yoga or other workout gear.

I have always found the Catalyst staff to be extremely helpful and knowledgeable without feeling "pushed or pressured" to buy something.
The products are all high quality.
You may find lower prices elsewhere but I think the combination of quality products and thoughtful service make for a very good deal.
You can certainly buy with confidence at Catalyst

So happy to have this wonderful athletic clothing/shoe/accessories store in the neighborhood.
I've been here twice so far, and will definitely be returning on a regular basis.
+ Upscale feel, quality products, reasonable pricing + Very friendly service and assistance + E-mail club notified me of an upcoming sale on shoes and clothing + Treadmill for testing your soon-to-be-new-kicks + Innovative running lights; I'm going to return to buy the LED belt  - You won't find 80+ pairs of shoes to browse, or 30 different brands of clothing + Their inventory is smart - consists of the things most folks will want/use/like  If you're looking for great products from The North Face, Saucony, Asics, Adidas, Brooks, and the like, swing by and check out Catalyst.
I constantly receive compliments for my Saucony jacket, and for good reason - it's functional as a running jacket yet stylish enough to wear out and about.

