AWG sent the wrong party bus to my wedding.
Could it get any worse?
I asked for a 28 passenger party bus to be sent to the church to pick up me, my bride, and our wedding party (22 people) but instead they sent the same 16 passenger bus that I had used earlier in the day.
Rather than apologizing, they said it was my fault and that I had booked it incorrectly (I'm 100% positive I asked the agent for the 28 passenger bus).
AWG's email confirmations don't even include the type of bus to be used so it's no wonder I wasn't able to catch their mistake.
So instead of continuing our perfect day, we had to find drivers to take some of the wedding party to the reception.
What a downer on such a good day...
They offered no apology and no refund.
If it's important, don't trust AWG Ambassador!

If you look them up, they provide airport shuttle AWG Ambassador... but I think they're also "Ritz Transportation"  Airport kiosk window: guy was not friendly, sorta had an I-don't-want/care-for your-business attitude  Driver: friendly.
They leave the airport within 15min.
Pick up from hotel: horrible.
I got to the pick up location ten minutes early, waited thirty minutes, called them up to see if anyone was going to pick me up.
Well, they got someone over to me in 15min, so that wasn't too bad, I suppose, and we got to the airport in good speed (less than 20 min, prob more like13min).
But wasn't too happy that they didn't get a person over to me.
Note: you must call them at least 24hrs prior pick up.
Recommended: ask them about the vehicle that will be picking you up from hotel (ex: what's the color?
how do i know it's my shuttle?
etc) so that you don't confuse it with other shuttles.

Had a very pleasant experience with Awg.
Their reservationist was extremely pleasant and very helpful on all my questions.
Was picked up with no issues.
Driver was well informed about all the happenings in Vegas and even hooked us up for exotics racing (which I highly recommend btw).
If you want a company that's on time, drivers that speak English, and a safe ride to your destination trust in these guys they are the best.

Great service!
The driver I had was prompt, very informative & got me to my destination safely!
I definitely will call Patrick W. the next time I am in town.
Thank you Patrick for the good laughs & great sugguestions/recommendations for a great time in Vegas.

I travel to Las Vegas often for work, and have recently started to use AWG to and from the airport while visiting.
The reservation process is so easy, and they are incredibly responsive, attentive and courteous.
They send a confirmation prior to your arrival, and the driver meets you at the base of the escalators with a personal sign.
They then greet you (all the drivers I've had are very friendly and kind), take your luggage, and walk you a short walk to their car/limo, etc.
I highly recommend AWG for all transportation while in Vegas.
Haven't been in one of the larger limos or party buses, but here's to hoping I can soon!

AWG made a BAD SITUATION WORSE.
In summary, driver called me (the travel coordinator) to confirm (1) the cell # of my CEO she was picking up & (2) to say she was 10 minutes out.
My CEO calls me 10 minutes later to say the driver called him and said her car broke down, there's no one else available & and my CEO is SOL.
Then the company calls me and offers to NOT charge us for the pickup that never happened - are you kidding me?
How freaking gracious.
AWG left a frequent traveler stranded w/out offering alternate transportation ... and w/ 60 minutes to make his flight.
They provided completely unprofessional service.

Do not trust this company with your credit card.
I made a reservation for a round-trip in the same day from the airport to a business meeting and back to the airport.
The morning of the trip, I called to change the reservation to hourly billing (5+ hours).
The company charged me for a no-show for the return to the airport even though I was on hourly billing.
When I called to challenge the charge, they refused to correct their error and said that I should have specifically canceled the 2nd leg of the round-trip!
Crooks.
Plain and simple.

I made a reservation online for a one-hour sedan pick up for a one-way trip from Mandalay Bay to Bellagio.
I received a confirmation email soon after.
The rate confirmed was $55 for an hour with the ability to cancel 24 hours in advance.
One week later I received a new email confirmation, saying the price was now $200.
When I called they said, "Oh, there's a convention that weekend so the price increased.
"  They explained the $200 was for 2 hours, but you don't have the car for two hours, just the amount of time it takes to drop you off at the hotel.
"Also, that's the limo rate, but we can't guarantee a limo, and you can't do the sedan rate that week".
She then said, "Do you want to keep the reservation or cancel it?
If you keep it, I'll charge your card now.
"  I said, "Wait a minute, it's a week away.
When I made the reservation the terms allowed me to cancel within 24 hours.
"  She then said, "Oh, that's changed too.
Since there's a convention we're charging your card 1 week ahead of time with no refunds.
"  I explained I felt mislead since this information was not on the website when I booked the driver.
She said, "The website wasn't updated".
What great service to penalize a customer for your inability to have accurate information on your website.
So now, I'm completely screwed as all of the competitors are booked up.
Regardless of my need for a driver, I refused to give this company my business, and canceled the reservation.
I find it incredibly shady to change the rate last minute, and also change the terms of which I entered the agreement on.
I would never, ever, give these people any business.
And if you give them your credit card number, prepare for them to charge the card at their own leisure, not when the confirmation says it will be charged.

Do not trust this company with your money or credit card.
I made a reservation for a round-trip in the same day from the airport to a business meeting and back to the airport.
The morning of the trip, I called to change the reservation to hourly billing (5+ hours).
The company charged me for a no-show for the return to the airport even though I was on hourly billing.
When I called to challenge the charge, they refused to correct their error and said that I should have specifically canceled the 2nd leg of the round-trip!
Crooks.
Plain and simple.

Terrible reservation system, had to call to finalize things and then they still got it wrong.
Prices are decent although they don't give bulk discounts, had a wedding and needed to move about 50 people, no discount, no thank you for a solid chunk of business.
Drivers were on time but in the wrong location.
Passengers were treated nicely and were very comfortable.

Utilized them after disappointments with other Las Vegas operators.
Corporate executives with demanding all day schedules, first driver was new and average.
Second driver , Tonni, march 16, 2013, hit home runs with on time,navigation and his  demeanor .
He made AWG our new first choice.
Not sure why others knock these folks.
My suspicion is those posts are competitor plants, knowing the sleazebags running the other failing big operator.
We run heavy demanding long day projects.
AWG delivers.

Showed up on time and were really friendly and courteous.
Definitely would use again.

Find another company.
Attended a wedding off strip and AWG was hired to shuttle 130 guests to and from the venue from the MGM Grand.
The buses did not show up at the designated time.
After several phone calls, 2 buses arrived 45min late (there was supposed to be 3).
Not only was the management staff rude and unprofessional but the drivers got lost and had no idea how to get to the venue.
Needless to say the wedding did not start on time and several guest paid out of pocket to get transportation.
This was booked and paid for weeks in advance so the drivers should have been prepared.
There are to many choices in Vegas for any company to be that unprepared and that rude and unprofessional.
I have owned a limousine company and the way the situation was handled was unacceptable.
I would never hire this company.

When an afternoon to evening will be spent drinking, driving is definitely not an option.
We got a limo that picked us up from a house and took us to a hotel on the Strip.
Carl was our chauffeur and he was fantastic.
The limo was nice and clean.
Lights on the ceiling, champagne flutes, bottles of water and glasses for manly drinks.
I was finishing my second glass of wine at this point and was feeling good.
I was looking for a bucket just in case but didn't find one.
Well, there goes that option.
Carl was so fantastic that we specifically asked for him to pick us up when we called the limo company.
We told him a specific time but we got to the hotel lobby a few minutes early - Carl was already there waiting for us.
We got home safe and sound - if I had driven that night...whoooo...

We opted for a Town Car from AWG Ambassador from the Aria due to a long line at the Taxi pick up.
The driver proceeded to not know the best way to the airport, be unaware of ongoing construction, and stated "You have to be aggressive, you can't just politely ask to be let over...."   ..."please let me over.
"  We would have been way better off waiting in the long line for a cab, it would have been cheaper and probably would have gotten us to the airport faster.
No idea how the Limo service is, but I hope the drivers are better.

I wish I could give them 0 stars!
The man who was chauffeuring us from the Cosmo to the airport did not allow us to eat in his limo.
He saw a pizza in my sisters hands before anything and let us into the limo, but once we wanted to eat it he was very annoying!
He did not even have a privacy window in between the driver seat and the back of the limo.
And when we finally left, he wanted another $20 to clean up the smallest mess!
Do not use this company, we paid $80 to be told what we can or cannot do without any privacy!

