Tried again in vain to patronize the Fletcher Tire & Auto organization.
Called to make an appointment and once again, at this location was asked when I wanted to come in and then told sorry, can't do it.
It was 2 days in advance!
They tried to give me some BS about we take appointments some times and sometimes we don't???
This was the LAST STRAW!
BEWARE, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED ABOUT THESE JERKS!

I searched high and low for a good place to take my car.
I had plenty of suggestions.
I took it to one place where they misdiagnosed the problem.... then a second where they charged me 5 times more than necessary to change a light bulb.
The third place gave me a list of repairs totaling over $700 that they claimed were "critical.
"  Finally, at my friend Barth's suggestion, I went to Fletchers.
They were truthful and told me that 2 of the repairs suggested by the other place were completely unnecessary.
The only thing that was REALLY needed was completed for $50 less than 2 other estimates I had gotten.
It is not easy for me to get in to Fletchers during work, and they have always been accommodating.
Today, I'm going over to get something fixed that broke yesterday....
I called in the afternoon and am headed there now.
They said it would take between 60 and 90 min to fix.
I'll let you know when I return.
..........................................................................................................  Well, the repair took longer than expected, but that was because they had to wait for the part to be delivered.
As soon as it arrived, they had everything done very quickly.
The price was a little more than I might have gotten it elsewhere, but still very reasonable, and under warranty.
I'm a happy camper.

I had to go back to Fletchers today.
They have been consistent in giving me better prices than any of the other places I check, and always have the repair done that day.

Had to make 2 more trips to Fletchers within a week.
Both were repairs that could have been all day affairs.... instead, I was out within 3 hours on the first, and 2 hours for the second.
They had ordered the part the day before, and it was waiting when I arrived the next day.
That made everything quick and easy.
If you hate waiting in the shop, schedule after 11am and go get an ice cream at Baskin Robin's, or visit some other place in the shopping center while you wait.

BUYER BEWARE!
If you want quality work from an auto shop with professional courtesy from the mechanics and management DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME HERE!!!!!
YOU WILL truly regret it.
Their oil changes will leak, their shock absorber changes will lock up your brakes as your driving, and a simple tire patching with the tire off and handed to them will take HOURS!
I dropped my tire off at 11AM; I came to pick it up at 4:45 after work and they didn't even start patching it until I asked a second time while waiting!
However, the skinny mechanic with a spider tattoo on his neck still found the time to lift his head from under his work to mad dog me!
I privately  confronted him...all bark,  no bite.
If I wanted to squish puny little spiders I could of stayed at home but I was just trying to get my tire (which I bought there with a warranty) repaired in under six hours.
I don't think that was too much to ask.
PLEASE, DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I MADE!
There are plenty of great auto shops here in Arizona that do the job right the first time and within reasonable time.
This is not one of them.

