Do not move in here.
My apartment was broken into while I lived here while the door was locked and alarm set; complete inside job.
They didn't even apologize, offer to change the locks...etc.
In addition it is a gated community and the gates are often broken leaving residents unable to reach their houses unless you park outside and jump over.
Finally the office staff misinformed me of my lease expiration and then blamed it on me and continued to charge me rent after the lease had ended.
The office staff does not care about the tenants and are only concerned with profit.
Definitely not a place I would recommend.

Moved in January 2011, place looked band new and I believe complex was only 1-2 years old.
Everything in complex was on point clean, land scrapping done, and inside apartment clean with all new modern appliances.
After a year a new company came over and took over the complex, spoon after that things really started to go down hill.
First was the parking spaces, had bought 2, 51 and 50 but came home one day to find out their was a car in my spot.
Turns out they wrote the wrong number of spot on the paper work.
Then soon was the remotes for the gates.
Had 2 of them and everything since living there 1 always did not work wether is was for front gate or back gate.
Then started noticing a lot of spiders and bugs, even one day I killed 3 black widows my self and had to call office to get sprayed out outside but they only sprayed my apartment not surrounding.
And I can go on and on about little things.
I highly recommend not moving in not worth the money.
You can get a another apartment for less accommodation but for less money and not worth the headache.

Absolutely terrible place to live.
It's too bad a zero star option is not available.
The property itself isn't too terrible...no cockroaches or scorpions running amuck, but the cold, impersonal, money-hungry manner of the front office makes you feel ripped off every time you drop your rent in the box.
They will charge you little fees for everything.
They only email you notices, so if you do not check it, and you miss a message...expect a fee of some kind.
They have trees all around the property that drip sap on the cars, they have covered spots available for purchase.
There are people that have tarps over their cars to avoid the sap and having to buy a spot.
The maintenance people routinely fail to show up for appointments...
They change the gate code without any warning...There is so much window/sliding glass that the apartments are hot in summer and very cold in winter.
You pretty much live in a sun porch....
I could truly go on and on...PLEASE DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND STAY FAR AWAY...FAR FAR AWAY.

I moved in a few months ago and have had nothing but positive experiences.
The complex is nicely maintained with pool and 24 hour gym.
The clubhouse is modern and offers complimentary coffee and pet treats.
Dogs are allowed, but I haven't seen any mess left lying around.
The pool is nice, though not heated for the winter.
I chose here because I like the floor plans which are different than the other complexes in the area.
Also maintenance is freaky fast; same day freaky fast.
The drawbacks are the access from St. Rose which can be tricky to get used to and covered parking that costs a little extra each month.
After living in an older complex for two years, my experience here at Veritas has been far superior.

We moved in this year and I am shocked by how awful it is.
I do like that there are three pools and a fitness area.
With that being said, that is the only good thing about this place.
It is apparent that the property management Christina does not care.
She says whatever it takes for you to get out of her office and then gives automated responses when you email her.
What you pay for your place does not make up for the management.
They make promises that never came true.
I did not receive my gate clicker when I first arrived and it took me forever for them to give one to me.
My apartment was not clean when I first moved in which was a huge thing for me.
I tried talking to Christina and it is apparent she just wants to shut me up.
I tried contacting corporate to let them know about my issues here and after a few emails to me, they have not replied after three weeks.
It is quite apparent that the paying residents are always wrong and that the office will always be correct no matter what.
If you are looking for a resident oriented place I would not come here.
The place is nice and I love the upgrades, but dealing with management makes you want to rip your hair out.

This place was great when I moved in 4.5 years ago.
The location is great and the apartment was new ( I have been the only person to live in my apartment) and maintenance is always timely and issue is resolved.
The management company cared about their tenants and were very selective on who the rented to.
THEN the new management took over!!!
Nothing but issues!
They rent to anyone!
To the point where I do not feel safe and they do not care!
Unprofessional staff where the tenant is always wrong.
Security not reachable.
I actually recommended this place to a friend and 6 months later she moved out because of the constant domestic disturbance.
I am now moving out in 6 days and cannot wait to put this constant drama behind me!
Don't rent here!
Too many choices!

Well, to start off this place is an amazing apartment complex to live at and it feels like a community.
I don't really feel like I live in an apartment complex, I more feel like I live in a resort style complex almost like a hotel.
I love that there is four different pools so if one pool is crowded you can go to the others to use them or just relax.
My apartment is by far amazing.
It has hard wood flooring which is a top notch quality and I love how my apartment is located right by the pool.
The apartment itself sold itself to me and it truly amazing.
I have yet to find a complaint about my apartment or the property.
I honestly love the location but it is tucked away but not to hidden away from everything.
I work on the strip so it is an easy commute for me to take either the 15 or 215 freeway.
I love having the options depending on the traffic that day or I could take Las Vegas Blvd all the way down.
This apartment complex is located right by all the shopping and dinning on Eastern Ave which is very helpful to me.
I love having all these options right by my apartment and not having to go far at all.
It only takes about 15 minutes for me to get to the strip which is super close for me since I would not want to live on the strip.
It seems all the apartments down there are old and very run down.
I honestly think this complex is a great place to live and has many options available for the residents.
The staff puts on resident events and everyone in the office always greets you with a smile and always has time for the residents.
I honestly would not move from this complex unless I moved out of Nevada.
I would definitely recommended it to all of my family and friends.

