Had a great hair cut!
The atmosphere is so warm and friendly there.
Definitely will go back again!

Its your typical nail place, except I see that they care about repeat business.
I saw them give a Christmas present to a regular customer and remembered so much about me from only one visit.
That personal touch will have me return.

First off, this place is in a rather seedy location.
The salon itself is nice enough, and they seemed as friendly as your normal nail technicians.
I had Tina do my nails and I have to say she gave me the best french gel manicure ever!
They were so even and she put just the right amount of white on.
I like my nails to look really natural, and she did the best job I've ever had.
The pedicure, while I didn't get gel, lasted me about 3 weeks before I went to get my toes redone.
The pedicure itself was good and very thorough and I appreciate the time they spent.
The price is also right here!
If I lived on this side of town, I'd most likely make this my nail salon.
My only complaint- a couple days after my pedicure my feet started peeling and I can't help but wondering whether it was something I got there from the foot bath, as I never have this problem.
I'm a little skeptical.. but the manicure was fantastic.
If you go, ask for Tina!
She is very precise and very skilled.

I had LyLy do my nails and she was awesome.
Call a cab to go over there.
$20 cab ride, $45 for a manicure and deluxe pedicure, $20 cab ride back (or if LyLy's husband is there, you can give him the $ and he'll take you back.
Total $85.
Regular manicure and pedicure at the hotels on the strip, $110-$145.
Do the math.
And they did an excellent job.
As I said, do the math.

Just got into Vegas and needed a pedi!
Found A Harmony Nail Spa and am so glad I did.
Serene, professional, clean, kind, beautiful service!
Great firm massage, lovely colors to choose from....environment like a lovely elfin forest with soothing sound of music and water....oh, and reasonable!
I love supporting local independents, too, good for the community!
Short cab trip from the strip.

They do an amazing job every time I try to find some place closer to my house I regret it!
Tina does an amazing job my nails never lift and she will always try a design!
Tina and Cindy do the best pedicures as well!
Another reason to go to them is they are very nice and they love to have a conversation they ask how my family is, how my job is...just an overall am amazing experience!!!
Karla G

I would follow Tina anywhere.
In fact, I did to her newly opened shop.
It's very relaxing and clean with great massage pedi spa chairs.
Seriously you won't find better nail talent in this city and she does your nails exactly how you want.
I recommend is spa to all of my friends and even my customers when they are visiting in town and ask where to get their nails done.

I LOVE this place.
The ladies are so sweet and always take the time to do an excellent job!
They have every single nail color and a huge selection of gels.
They are quick and super friendly and always do great work.

If you haven't been here then you must go!!
Peaceful/Relaxing experience!
Staff is fantastic!!

I love this you guys..
If you haven't been here you need to come...
Excellent service  I feel like I'm at hone...
Doing my nails and pedi... Xoxo

This is the best place to get your nails done.
Staff here are very friendly and professional.
I have tried a lot of nail salon,  but this is definitely the best of the best.
The place is kept clean at all times.
I highly recommend this place!
I will never go anywhere else...5-stars for you, Harmony Salon and Spa!

Ever since I went to Harmony last October, I've been a fan ever since.
I really enjoy getting my manicure and pedicure done by the talented and wonderful ladies, Lyly, Tina and Cindy.
They are the best!

I have lived in Las Vegas for years and love this nail salon.
They take appointments and are always on time.
I do the gel polish and it looks great for weeks!!
All three girls have done my nails and I loved them all!
Very clean..and they are open 7 days a week!!!
Also,  they always offer tea/water and always have a bowl full of candy!

I love, love, love to go see the girls at Harmony Salon and Spa at Warm Springs Rd.
I started going to them in 0ct 2012 and heve been hooked ever since.
Lyly, Cindy and Tina are the BEST!
They listen to what you want and totally deliver!
I am a regular customer and will continue to go to these ladies because I LOVE how they spoil me with my manicure and pedicure!
LOVE!

This place is a hidden gem!
It is near both my office and home making it super convenient to get to.
I ventured in with strong apprehension, but I was in the parking lot already and saw the sign.
I was in need of a pedi pre business trip so I decided to give it a shot.
Being a runner and also spending majority of my day in heels and uncomfortable shoes, my feet require extra R&R.
The place was beautifully decorated and the girls working extemely friendly.
Lyly worked on my pedi and made small, non intrusive talk.
We talked about my upcoming business trip and she introduced her daughter to me.
She was very kind, and very talented.
My feet looked and felt amazing.
The polish was also great.
I did not opt for gel this time because it was a trial run.
The pedi was $20 and worth every penny.
They seem to remember all of their customers by name as they kept walking in.
I am happy to have found a quality nail salon conveniently located near me.

Started going to this place with a groupon and will still continue going!
Friendly staff and they always do a fabulous job!!
I would recommend this place to anyone!

WOW!
You'd never notice this place if you weren't looking for it.
I had some family in town and this place is pretty close to where I live, after reading the Yelp reviews we decided to give it a shot and treat ourselves to some deluxe pedicures.
The chairs were comfortable and the shop looked and felt clean and taken care of.
My pedicure was fantastic, the place was pretty busy but I never felt like I was being rushed.
The nail tech took his time and the whole experience from the calf and foot massage to the moisturizing cream was wonderful.
Everyone in the salon was very friendly, we were warmly greeted when we walked in, the staff was professional and personable while we were there, and we were sincerely thanked for coming in on our way out.
I will definitely be back!

This was my first time here and I had high hopes because the reviews were really good.
The ladies were nice enough and the salon was clean.
I went in and asked for something pretty specific because my family are having pictures taken this week.
The tips the tech was putting tips on my nails where to small.
Three of them cracked while the glue was dying.
She only removed one to affix a new nail tip.
The other two she tried to glue together, unsuccessfully, and continued to apply the acrylic on top.
When I said something about the cracked tips, the tech told me that she would just paint something over them.
Covering up the problem doesn't fix it.
The decoration I asked for was forgotten completely and instead I received the worst nail art I've ever had.
Not at all what I wanted!
I now have to go to another salon to have these taken off and a new set put on.
I'm very disappointed!

This place is worth the drive and risk of a sketchy area.
A hidden gem in vegas.
Im not sure they realize how successful they would be on a nicer side of town.
My wife said she likes this place better than her seven hills location, even though I had to beg her to get out of the car at first.
Very clean place, quiet and no pushy emoloyees.
They are amazing in everyway I could think of.

So- I typed in nail salon for my area in map quest and this came up.
This is by far the best manicure and pedicure I've had in Las Vegas or Los Angeles.
They are meticulous, and efficient.
The atmosphere was calm and inviting - not snobby and jaded like most salons.
The results were perfect- and my standards are high.
Go here even if you have to travel.

Absolutely amazing staff.
Very nice and clean.
I came here based on the Yelp reviews and I will definitely be coming back.
I literally love right across the street and never knew they were there.
My new favorite spot for sure!!

I tried a bunch of nail salons around town before ending up here last summer, and they have consistently been good.
The customer service is great, they always greet me and fit me in when I don't make an appointment.
A great place to go for a manicure.

An ok place - they always greet you when you go in and a nice atmosphere.
However, when getting gel nails, they don't paint the bonding polish all over the nail and the polish starts to peel before it should, which is an annoyance.
Also, they don't paint all the way back to the cuticle so you have to go back more often.
After going to a good salon where they apply the polish the way it should and paint back to the cuticle, I found that my polish would last 4 - 5 weeks versus 2 - 3 weeks when getting my nails done here.

Fabulous salon!
I am very picky when it comes to my nails and like them to look PERFECT.
Now there was a time when my nails did not come out absolutely the way I liked it and I called to see if I can have it fixed.
Cindy was super nice and apologetic that my pedicure did not look the way I liked it (I really am anal about my nails).
I came in the following day and she fixed it for me.
Good costumer service is really important and you will definitely get it here.
Not every salon will care about their customers as much as this salon does.
A salon with staff like this one is truly a rarity and am happy I found it.

Best nail salon in Vegas for sure!!
I've been everywhere and Harmony is the best, friendliest, cleanest, and most consistent!!!
Go now!

Tried this salon because it had such great reviews.
Had to wait 25 minutes past my appointment time to get my pedi started.
My Mom waited 45 minutes past her appointment time to begin hers.
The actual pedicure was ok, nice amount of massage and cheap- $25.
I did not appreciate the girl working on me asking me things and then talking about me to the other workers.
Made me very uncomfortable.
The reason I'm giving only 1 star is because I now have an infected toe and have to go to the doctor and get antibiotics due to an improperly cleaned and sanitized tub.
That is completely unacceptable.
I have never ever had any issues with any other pedicure places.
This is disgusting.
Will NOT come back.

I decided to come to Harmony because I was in need of a new nail salon due to my prior nail tech quitting the salon I used to frequent.
I chose Harmony because of the excellent reviews.
My first visit I was lucky enough to see Cindy, who has received nothing but great reviews on Yelp.
And all her reviews are spot on.
She is meticulous and does an excellent job.
She also gives great customer service and remembered my name 2 weeks later when I called to make an appointment.
I have been seeing her for the past two months and every time my nails come out stunning.
I've also began to have her wax my eye brows and she does an excellent job with that as well.
I highly recommend this salon.

i did my pedi here by Lisa, and I absolutely love her!
She even massaged my feet and legs, and it was so good!
I will visit here more often.

I am never going back there.
My nails looked better before I went in than after.
Now I have to get my nails done again somewhere else.
I would have let them do them again but after the horrible job they did, I can't imagine better being very good either.
I am shocked that this place has any good reviews.
All I can assume is that it's regular customers have never experienced quality before.
They get one star because they were friendly & nice.
But I didn't just pay all that money for friendly & nice; I wanted my nails and toes to look at least as good as they did when I went in.
Smh.

I have found a place that is both friendly and has design skills!
Everyone was absolutely freindly.
They offer water while you wait.
The pedicure was nice when it finally started.
Had to wait about 25 minutes sitting in the pedi chair.
However, this was the only salon I have been to where they open up fresh utensils (I.e.
clippers, cuticle cutter) in front of you.
This will definitely be my place of choice for a while!

Great massage chairs.
If you are meticulous about your services make an appointment with Cyndi or Tina.

Great staff!
Cindy is my go to nail girl and she never fails me when I get my nails done :)

I originally found this salon on Groupon so I wasn't expecting the best.
But I was pleasantly surprised by the friendly staff, great selections and most of all beautiful nail designs!
I've been going to see Cindy for over a year and she is the best.
She will do any crazy design I find on Pinterest, she stays late when she knows I'm coming from work and she genuinely remembers and cares about all of her clients.
I've never left disappointed and anyone who does, doesn't know how to express their needs.
I'm very picky and I have no issue speaking up if I don't like color or design.
And Cindy is so gracious and will fix anything I don't like.
She knows me so well now that I don't even have to tell her what I want.
The salon is clean and let me tell you...
The BEST pedicures.
They use a nice peach scrub to exfoliate your legs and give a fantastic massage and then they'll use a hot wet towel to wipe off the lotion so you're not greasy.
I highly recommend getting a gel manicure AND gel pedicure.
My pedicure lasts 6 weeks and my manis usually last at least 2 weeks.
I get so many compliments on my nails and I can only thank the girls at Harmony Salon for taking pride in their work.
They have a forever client with me and I'm sure you'll feel the same way once you go.
Prices are reasonable and products are high quality.

Visiting from Cali I needed to get my nails done for a banquet dinner tonight.
I chose to come here based on the Yelp pictures.
It was empty when I got here and the girls were all super sweet.
I love my nails and I would come back if I lived here.

I found this place through Groupon for a gel mani and reg pedi.
They did a very nice job on my nails and they were all very friendly.
After trying other nail salons around my area, I end up coming back here.
Their work and service is always on point.
They also remember you and their business cards are also stamp cards that gives you 10% off and 15% after a certain amount of services.
Tina (who always does my nails) is the best one - she knows my love for gold glitter and she makes my nails look pretty and clean.
Everytime I get my nails done here, I always get compliments on my nails and I get asked where I get them done.
The salon might not be much but the service and work is what brings me back.

