I used Gecko Glass to replace a broken rear window in my 4-Runner.
Someone came buy one evening and busted it out in my driveway.
They were at my house the next day.
They even used the original stock tinted glass that came with the vehicle.
Great job guys!

The Owner Steve absolutely cares about his company's reputation.
We had a small issue after the glass replacement but because of Steve's dedication and follow through the issues were resolved.
I will use Steve in the future.
Thanks Steve!

Gecko was recommended by our Lexus dealership.
They arrived at our home on Saturday, two unfriendly boys in an unmarked truck.
They opened their doors with music blaring while they installed in our quiet neighborhood at 9am Saturday, very unprofessional.
After they left, a sensor on our windshield fell off near the mirror.
They had put it up with cheap white two-sided tape, a small strip with gaps on both sides.
They also did not scrape off the old glue so it was very uneven.
I called but had to wait and have them return at my business on Monday.
It was the same two boys and they used the same white cheap tape, one small strip with gaps showing on both sides...it fell down again in a couple of hours.
The same unfriendliness was exhibited by both boys.
I called again, they said they did not install sensors on windshields normally so they would have to order the proper black tape from the internet and would call in 4-5 days.
On Thursday I called them.
The tape was in so they would have the boys out to our business Friday.
The same two unfriendly boys, the same cheap white tape in hand so I  told them not again.
I called and the lady told me the boys were supposed to have picked up the proper tape before coming to my location.
I called to complain to Safellite Glass, they were paying the bill to Gecko.
However, I was  meeting resistance and cover up from Gecko to Safellite.
Geckos position to Safellite was that our sensor was after market and not normally covered.
This was not true, this sensor came from the dealer new.
In any case, if you have an after market sensor, you must be out of luck with Gecko.
I finally returned to the dealer who had to mount the sensor after 1 week and multiple calls and having to deal with these two unprofessional boys.
The dealer told me Steve was out all week or this would not have happened.
I can only tell you that there are a lot of glass companies in Phoenix and I would not use Gecko again, especially these two rude and unprofessional boys that were sent out each trip.

