I purchased a buywithme.com coupon to get my first ever shellac polish.
Glenda (the technician) is located in the Salon Boutique in suite #32.
When you walk in, you think your inside a mini mall, as each suite is set up as an individual work station for hair stylists, nail technicians, etc.
Upon meeting Glenda, I was offered a glass of complimentary wine, which was delightful.
(She sure knows the way to my heart)  I opted for the black shellac polish as Halloween is nearing, and my nails look so happy!
They are literally smiling at me!
She took her time doing my nails and made sure they were perfect!
I would highly recommend coming here because she delivers quality service at a great price.
(623) 329-9443.

This was my first visit to Entourage Nail Salon.
I give a double thumbs up to to set up of the stations in which each has it's own room and personal decor.
Glenda was very sweet and took her time making my nails look just perfect.
Not only does she have entertainment she also provides a nice glass of wine with your visit.
I would recommend anyone to Glenda for a nice relaxing nail experience just the way it should be.

Glenda is amazing and very easy to have a great conversation with.
When I first arrived at the salon she offered me a glass of wine!
If anyone knows me they know I can not pass up a good glass of wine.
She is amazing at what she does and I would recommend everyone to go check her out.
Her prices are great, she pays good attention to detail when doing my nails.
The best thing I like is it is not like every other nail salon.
There isn't a ton of people in the salon, you are just one on one with her so there are no distractions.
Glenda is such a sweet lady and I am looking forward to going back to her again.
Check her out, she is located by the Arrowhead Mall next to Total Wine in the Salon Boutigue!

Linda is amazing!
I came to her by chance when looking for a nail tech to do my nails for my engagement photos.
She had just moved into her new place at Salon Boutique so luckily for me she didn't have a lot appointments that day.
Linda was super nice and so easy to talk with.
I have been coming to Linda now since beginning of March (not long) but I couldn't imagine going anywhere else.
She makes sure that your happy with her service before letting you leave.
I lucked out when I found Linda!
Come here for gels, acrylic, refills, manis and pedis, shellac, etc.
She even gives your arms and hands a massage!
Love it!

Glenda is pleasant and gracious and is incredibly precise with her work.
I had two soak off gel manicures with her, and the first one lasted 3 weeks without a chip.
The second was just yesterday, but I'm confident it will be just as lasting.
She has a great selection of colors and high quality product lines.
I found her through Groupon and while I appreciated the great deal, I will definitely use her again.
Her regular prices are quite reasonable.
If you are looking for a nail artist inside Salon Boutique, trust me when I say that Glenda is a fantastic choice.
Don't settle for poor service, bad attitude, or a technician that treats you like dirt.
Glenda will take pleasure in doing your nails and they will be beautiful!

I am surprised to see great reviews for Entourage although four of them are quite old and one is for a "Linda" - not the owner, Glenda.
My experience was quite different.
I purchased a Groupon for two gel manicures.
When I called to book the two appointments I had to leave a voicemail but Glenda never returned my call.
So, a week later I texted her and finally got a response and "sorry" for not returning my call.
I booked both appointments - one before Thanksgiving and one exactly two weeks later.
When I arrived for my first appointment, Glenda was not there.
She called to let me know that she was running late.
Although she is very slow and seems disorganized she was pleasant enough and I really had no complaints about the end result.
When I left I confirmed with her the next appointment in two weeks.
However, when I arrived for the second appointment, another person was also waiting for the same time.
Glenda seemed confused and told me that I had no appointment.
I showed her original text for the time and date she had confirmed and reminded her that I had reconfirmed when I was there the last time.
I had driven about 20 miles and I was leaving in two days for vacation so I definitely needed her to honor my scheduled appointment.
The previous polish was already peeling off - only lasted about twelve days.
Again, the manicure took forever (about one and a half hours), she only put on two coats of gel which didn't look as good, and again it started peeling off in less than two weeks.
I have had many gel manicures with other manicurists over the past three years and this was the only one that took over an hour and also the only one that did not last two weeks (others usually last about three weeks.
)  If I had paid full price it would have also been the most expensive.
I definitely would NOT recommend Entourage - there are many other places to get a better gel manicure for less money and with someone who is more organized and professional.

