You should avoid this place during lunch time or suffer the consequences.
I would say 11am-1:30pm to be exact.
Otherwise this PO does what every other one does.
The staff is the same everyday and they're all helpful and friendly unless you're crazy and start yelling at them.

Quick, friendly, efficient.
A few kids running around unsupervised, but that's not the postal workers' faults.
Got in, got the job done, got out.

Super standard post office.
It's small so there's always a line, but they have the automated machines here.
Kind of disappointing that when I buy a stamps at the machine, it custom prints them and they're not normal forever stamps.
Also the machine is slow as balls.

This is a basic post office.
Every time I have gone here, the employees have been very helpful and friendly which is a bit surprising, but definitely appreciated.
This post office seems to have more then it's fair share of stupid and/or rude customers.
The parking lot can tends to turn into a clusterfuck pretty regularly as well, mainly due to inconsiderate customers.
Not recommended during busy postal times like December or tax day.

I get that it's just a post office, but the dismal treatment we got from the staff in trying to find an appropriate shipping tube just surprised me.
When we asked for help, and they didn't have what we wanted, they just shrugged and started talking to the next person.
We finally ended up at a nearby PostalNet and had our needs taken care of.

Wow, I can say a whole lot about this place!
Yes, like the other reviews its true.
This is just a Post Office.
Your standard typical Post Office, But wait there is so much more!!!
I go here everyday, yes every day!
Unfortunitly I'm that guy at the counter that takes up the mail handlers time.
So before I dig deep into this review let me say Sorry to all those people that hate me because I come in here every day with a bucket of mail and boxes.
You can come into my office across the street and add your mail in my bucket so you do not have to wait in the long lines.
Anyway, Because I come here everyday all the front line employess know me by name as I know them by name and let me tell you its great!
From the first day of me going in here and taking care of our daily mail run they have been awesome, fast and polite.
I normaly dont like to name drop in my reviews but this place and the people deserve a little recongintion.
The team of Casandra, Diane, James, Laruen, Dee, Mario, and even Fred are there day in and day out.
They work hard on helping you accomplish your arrends.
They will typicaly give you a smile and great customer service.
Unless you are a jerk to them and then well you will be treated like a jerk.
They are defently true to the words what comes around goes around.
At times its like a comedy hour inside this place.
If you rub these awesome people wrong they will chew you up and spit you out!!
They can give you the best customer service or the worst, please remmeber that this is a post office where you can buy stamps and postage to ship your package, they are not there to pack your items or fill out your labels and let me tell you, They will let you know it.
If you are nice with them they can become yor best friend, if your pushy and think that you run the place and feel that you do not have to stand in line you have another thing comming.. Beware if you don't follow these simple 5 guidelines below: And if you do follow them I will say that you will have the best experince at a Post Office.
You can sit back and laugh at all the others that didnt follow them!
DO NOT BE A JERK 2.
If you have a question, its ok ask...but don't interupt them when there helping someone else...that goes back to number 1.
Do not be a jerk.. You can wait in line like everyone else and guess what if you do not have your stuff ready they will help you then send you to the side and give you a head of the line pass.
There not your maid or house keeper.
Clean up after your self...again this goes back to #1 4.
Don't forget that they dont make the prices.
Its out of there controll if your item cost more than you want to pay... yes back to #1...Do not be a Jerk if it cost more than you expect.
Come on now people....You yell at them they are going to yell at you.
Why beacuse they can... 5.
This is not a packaging and shipping office.
When you choose to use USPS, remember that they will not provide you with packaging services.
Its a do it yourself kinda of service...So dont be a number one people!!

Long lines.......Located on the corner of Jones and Flamingo.
This location has a lot of parking which is a huge plus.
The lines were terribly long when I went, although I did go when everyone is trying to get their gifts sent out just in time to make it for Christmas.
They only had two people working the counter which caused a line almost out the door.
I chose to wait for the automated machine where there was only one person in front of me.
Simple easy machine, you weigh your package, enter the zip code, pay for the shipping and boom, a label pops out and you are done!
Wish they had more then one of these machines!

Worst service after.
Mailman said he delivered my package even though I never relieved it.
I was told i should have insured it.
Why should i pay extra to insure a package when ive already paid to have it shipped?
usps is a scam and apparently are allowed to steal packages if there  isnt any insurance.
ive filed a claim through him and was supposed to get a response back last week.
Every time I try to call the post office, the line is busy.

CAUTION!
You should ALWAYS avoid this location.
Sadly, this is the only US Postal office near my house.
At first glance, it appears as though you happened to wonder in to pick up your package at an intensely busy time.
You see the line out the door and you decide to come back later... Later comes around and guess what??
There is STILL a huge line!
This place is always busy.
Even the automated system always has a line of at least 7 people.
Today was the best visit.
I waited in line for 30 minutes for the automated system, only to learn they were out of stamps.
Do yourself a favor and spend the extra 10 minutes driving to another postal location or use FedEx.
This location is the reason I have added the post office to my 100 reasons I hate being a grown up list.
It was inserted between shaking strangers hands (germs) and waiting in line at Wal-Mart (Creepy Men & Germs).

DONT come here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Worst place ever for any service...... Beware this people never smile  Never help Let you wait in line for 45 min Do not come to this place.

