My husband found DJ Harry O after an extensive internet search based on reviews.
Living in NYC and planning a wedding in Las Vegas is difficult as is by putting your trust in a vendor and hoping to arrive to exactly what you planned for.
Harry was extremely pleasant, well organized, helped the order of events and overall was a great DJ.
The one complaint I had was the power kept going out during songs mid dance.
Im not sure what the reasoning was, but it was a bit of a drag to dance to great music, then have a cut out.
Other than that, Harry was amazing to work with.
He sat down with us and together we compiled ideas for our wedding songs.
We are quite picky being from NYC, but Harry was more than willing to work with us and I would definitely refer him to others looking for a DJ

DJ Harry "O" did a fantastic job with our company holiday party.
There were over 200 people at the event and he had the dance floor filled all evening!
He was great at 'reading' the crowd and kept the party alive and fun!
I have held several large events and would highly recommend DJ Harry "O" for your next event!
He was responsive, professional, and easy to work with.

Harry was recommended by our hotel catering manager.
Having hired Harry at the very last minute to DJ an "over 60 crowd" small party and the fact that we had only spoken a few minutes previous to the event of what we wanted the event to be, I was naturally very hesitant.
But......Harry was absolutely incredible!!!
His ability to read his guests and work the crowd is amazing.
He worked the crowd, danced, taught line dancing, had the group doing the stroll and hustle....we danced all night - and most of us don't even dance.
He made our small party seem so much more.
In fact, he made the party the success that it was.
I wish I could get him to travel to our next party which will be in Florida :-)

Harry dj'd our wedding last weekend at Springs Preserve and did a great job.
He dealt with our requests, even busting out some deep groove mixes on his turntables, creating some loops for our introductions, and dancing with the kids and adults, alike (even teaching some ballet and line-dancing moves).
He's a consummate professional and made the entire day easier and more fun.
The only suggestion that I would have is to be very clear with Harry about what you want and don't want (e.g., we didn't want line dancing or modern R&B, but we didn't make that as clear as we should have--I'm sure he would have accommodated).
He made the night more fun and kept the energy going all night long.

Harry was excellent, plainly put.
His prices were the best for the quality he gave.
He was a great MC to the evening and in guiding our guests from "event" to "event" during our wedding reception.
Our songs were played as requested and our guests loved him.
He has a spreadsheet he shares with you to input information about yourself and what songs you might like which was really helpful!!
One thing, I put "song dedications" because we had a few, and I wish I would have told him to play them throughout his normal dj-ing - completely my fault!
Instead, they were played back-to-back.
Either way, our guests loved him, we thought he did a great job, and we would pick him all over again if given a chance to redo it.
Thanks Harry!

