Amazing place excellent service

I had an awesome rootbeer...no really.
The turkey cobb sandwhich was annihilated and the string fries were polished off.
The place was brand new when I went.
It was all good.
I plan on going again soon.

Beer and gourmet pizza!
Awesome!!
the staff was great and gave us 20% off for military!!
:) totally amazed the atmosphere was so pleasent and perfect lighting!

Waitress had no idea what she was doing, food was only OK and they forgot my wife entire entre.
Drinks and food is way overpriced.
All in all a bad experience.
We won't be going back.

This is a mixed review.
Have been to BJ's twice now, this was the second excursion Actually give the food a 5 and service -2..
This is a new BJ's for the valley.
Will say out of the box the menu is vast and all offerings at great.
Both of us had salads..and they were fantasic...so no quams about the food...My rub is w/ staff.
This is a new restaurant and hoping they are just working out the bugs so will see in the future.
Our hostess met us and we as she said "strolled" to our seating..It was a very, very slow stroll.
If I had known where we were being seated I would of walked past her.
We arrived at 4:20 pm..my concern was if we would get to our seat before the dinner rush.
Other rube was severs/wait staff are overly attenative.
She must of interupted us 7 times during our 1 hr dining experience..she was way over the top.
After she presented us w/ the bill she actually returned 3 times w/ in a 5 min period to try and collect.
Be watchful where your seated.
If your adverse to small children/tikes around you..I come for a pleasant dining experience.
If you are seated in the area furtherst from the bar area you might find yourself in a child day care area, with screaming children and parents who think thats cute....Don't bother asking for comment cards to express your concerns they don't have any.

Ok so I went 3 times in one week, thats how much I lOVE this place!!
This time it was with a group of 6... unfortunatley they sat us in a booth barely big enough for all of us (probably didn't help having 3 buff men either ;P) but so this time we all kinda tried everyone elses meal and it all tasted amazing!
as well as the Jerimah red beer!
lol   Dessert: Well i would say if you get a Pazooki and have less the 8 ppl don't get the party platter!
HUGE is all i can say!
The party Pazooki is a HUGE cookie i mean like 12" to 14" in a variety of flavors... We had gotten a triple chocolate (death by chocolate) had about 6 to 8 scoops of giridelhi choc.
chip ice cream on a choc.
choc.
chip cookie... yea so now you see... Death by chocolate!
lol We all had a little slice of the cooke and a scoop of the AMAZING ice cream!
it was DEEEEEEELLLLICIOUS!!!

Our first visit to a BJs.
Several friends had said "YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS   PLACE" and believe me, if I could make the caps bigger I would!
This is the third and newest location to the Vegas valley, and all I can say is, YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS PLACE lol.
My wife and I went on a Monday afternoon, typically a slow time for a restaurant but not this time, the joint was packed, so we knew something good was happening.
We started with the Avocado eggrolls which simply melted in our mouths.
I had the Tatonka stout, their darkest beer, and for those who like stouts, this was the richest, creamiest, chocolatiest stout I've ever had, a party in my mouth.
We shared the deep dish Mediterranean pizza, and it was fantastic, took half of it home.
Shared a chocolate chunk pizookie for dessert, but honestly, the rest of the meal was so fantastic that the famous pizookie was simply a pleasant afterthought at that point.
Can't tell you how happy we are, as former east coast residents, to finally find pizza THIS good in Las Vegas, because let me tell you, it's been a long search!

Pizookie near my house, ahhhhhh!!!!!
I am so happy BJ's opened up in Centennial.
I was so excited when I saw it being built and could not wait for it to open.
I can hope for shorter lines than the one in Summerlin!
Well I went to visit this place last Friday for lunch and enjoyed my experience.
The decor is pretty much the same but I love the big open windows because the one in Summerlin feels like its in a casino.
We were greeted and seated right away.
Our waitress was very attentive, a little to much at the end after we paid but she will get over it, haha.
I ordered the club sandwich and my friend ordered the pulled pork.
Both were very yummy and came out in a timely fashion.
Of course we than had to have some pizookies!
I ordered the red velvet and wow that's one sugar rush.
It was so yummy!
I was hurting at the end.
Even when its busy I love coming here just because the atmosphere and they have some good food and beer!
I am so happy this place is so close now.
I may need to go to AA for Pizookie's!

Great looking restaurant!
Food was awesome and service is still getting into the swing of the new place.
But, I give it 5 stars for being the best new restaurant in 89149.
It will be even better when they have the outdoor seating completed this fall.

Not sure who wrote that first review but they may be an employee of BJ's.
Hope the management is reading this because the one thing that guy had right was 'getting into the swing of things.
' Service was a train wreck!
Let me say it was not the front end waitresses' fault.
We waited a half an hour for our food.
And it was appetizers?
The food they brought out tasted more like bar food.
C'mon guys, get it together!
Were you just in a hurry to get the place open?
Where is the Yard House in the Northwest?

Great new place.
Great food and friendly service.
Baby back ribs were excellent.
My wife's steak was perfect.
We will be back!

Wow, this place exceeded my expectations.
I give their appetizers 5 stars.
I always look for healthier appetizers and most places don't seem to have them.
So sick of chips and dip and chicken wings for appetizer.
We had the ahi pieces and the stuffed mushrooms and I really enjoyed both of them.
The pizza pies were really good too.
We had half Mediterranean and half Alfredo.
So bad/good I don't have a sweet tooth and actually didn't enjoy the Pazooki, waaayyyy too sweet for me.

This is a good neighborhood restaurant that does not disappoint.
There was a wait on a Sunday evening when we went so we just sat in the bar area instead.
The deep dish pizza is really amazing.
It's light and tasty.
Doesn't leave that heavy pit in your stomach after you walk out.
Do NOT get the Caprese salad as the appetizer.
It was average and nothing you wouldn't whip up at home.
Very mediocre.
Don't go out of your way to eat here, but don't avoid it either :)

I love this place!
food was great and the service was good.
Pizookie is aaamazing!
def  a good date night place, or even just to hang out with friends!

Food-Great Service-sucks  We have been here 4 times since they opened recently.
The very first time, Service was wonderful, everything was A-okay.
Second time, we called ahead since they offer that.
We asked for a table for 4.
We get there and check in to be told its a 35 minutes wait.
Um, Ok. Why call ahead....?
So then after the wait they lead us to a booth.
I said we have to have a table...They explain that the take out employees take the call aheads and dont take any requests down.
Um ok...well we wait in line again another 25 minutes.
Finally get a table and guess what....No waiter was assigned to our table.
Finally I flag a gentleman down after sitting for over 10 minutes and turns out he is a trainer in town to train this location since their so new....Well, He was wonderful.
OF COURSE.
Food was still a plus.
Third and fourth visits...Pretty much same shit.
Forget the food...I will go where they have there shit together !

Haven't been to BJ's in years and tried this one with my family.
Loved it!
Great food, great service!
The best is their new portobello mushroom pizza and their best beginnings appetizer!
Let's not forget Pizookie!
But it can get crowded so go early!

Took 5 kids and a friend out for dinner.
Although it was only 5:30PM midweek, the place was packed!
Seated quickly, Service very good, Food above average.
Price was fair.
We had everything from a burger to pasta to tillapia and it all looked tasty.
Nothing was marvelous but everything was well cooked.

We have been to this place twice.
Service and food are outstanding!
The first time they were very busy but our wait for a table was less than five minutes.
Our server was a tad slow but we didn't mind as it gave us time to look over the menu.
She was super friendly and helped me make a selection.
I got the tilapia.
The husband got the jumbalaya.
Both were so good.
They do their own rootbeer and cream soda and I can't say enough about those.
You can actually taste the butterscotch in the cream soda.
The second time we went was a Friday night.
They will not accept reservations for a party under 10 but if you call before you arrive they'll add you to the wait list.
We called half an hour before we left the house and added our name to the list.
When we arrived the place was packed to the point that people had to wait outside.
We walked right in and they had a table for us.
No waiting at all!
We got some very dirty looks.
lol  Despite being very busy our server was attentive and quick.
I got the thai salmon covered in mango salsa.
Amazing!
Husband got the chili burger.
My friend got a club.
We were all so into our food we ate in silence for quite some time.
I tried their black cherry soda.
It was really good.
The only gripe I have is that I ordered their gluten-free pizookie at the end of our meal.
I got it to go.
They did make us wait a bit for that and later, when we opened it up, we discovered the pizookie was not cooked.
It was just a doughey mess.
I was very disappointed by that.
I had also expected it to be somewhat bigger.
It is $5.99 and really just an oversized  cookie but not so big that I'd call it a pizookie.
I won't be ordering that again.
But we will for sure go back to BJ's for a good meal.

This is the worst experience I have ever had at a BJ's.
Seriously.
I will not step foot back in this particular location..EVER.
My wife got the $10 calzone and it was not longer than her fork.
I added the photo so you can see no exaggerations.
I got the boneless wings which was another huge error in judgement as they were not even up to par with something you would see from wendy's.
Now....I used to friggin live at the location up in Summerlin and never had issues BUT I usually only got apps.
, the happy hour pizzas, pazookies, and BEER (and their beer isn't all that either but their Pumpkin one is great..) and never had any problems.
But if this is the norm for these other dishes.....I am disgusted.
Will I go into the Summerlin location again for pazookies and such?
Maybe...

Its a cross between Yard House and Cheesecake Factory.....Better beers at YH, The food selection is okay at BJ's, but even better at YH and CF....service is pretty lacking here, waitstaff tries to be more "buddy buddy" (playfully cursing F this and F that with the table inches away from us???
)  and you can keep your pizookies(overrated), I'd rather have a piece of cheesecake or a kona coffee sundae....
Sorry BJ's, bottom line, all show, no go.....ALOHA!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(40/365) "The Yard House/Cheesecake Factory Wannabe"

We went to the Centennial location to celebrate a birthday.
There were 18 of us, and we called ahead to reserve a table and to give our servers amble opportunity to prepare.
The food was great, but it arrived at different times, so we didn't eat at the same time.
We would order drinks, and it would take a half hour to receive them.
We asked that the tickets be separated when we ordered (each family sat together).
They weren't, and although we said it was fine, that we could figure it out, our server insisted on separating them.
It took her over 40 mins to fix them.
She had to redo them 3 times!!
The manager tried to make amends, as three of our orders were wrong (we got those free), but he shouldn't have had to.
If I were him, I would have a training class to show how to wait on large groups.
I'm sure we'll go back, but never with a large group as we were there a total of 4 hours!!

Came for HappyHour ($2off drinks and apps, half off mini pizza) with Angela H.   I had the Portobello mini pizza (half off during HH) and it was pretty good with a mix of portobello mushroom, carmelized onions, balsamic glaze and thyme.
It was crisp outside and soft inside so it was cooked right.
Off the mini bites I tried the artichoke hearts (not on HH)- pretty tasty.
It was perfectly crispy fried and the dip was good with it.
Service was decent enough.
We decided to settle checks and get our pizza packed early but were staying a moment.
I kinda wish we had some ice tea still, but I guess if you settle your check, you don't need to be seen to anymore.

Love this new location, mostly because it is close to the house.
Usually come here for a few drinks and dinner with friends.
It is usually busy around the normal dinner time 6-8pm.
I love the lunch specials.
Smaller portions but filling.
I normally order a buffalo chicken pizza, grilled chicken pasta, or the BBQ pulled pork sandwich.
Not all at once those are just a couple of favs.
Great service.
Bartenders are awesome.
Oh yea can't forget the pizookie.

Was surprised that I had to drive around the parking lot 3 times to get a parking space.
I thought that would be a good sign, alas it wasn't.
The wait was only 15 minutes and once we were seated the waitress came over right away and took our drink orders.
I tried the dark beer flight.
When that came I was surprised that nothing was really outstanding.
Out of all 4 beers I would say that the Nutty Brewnette was the best.
I ordered the Blond battered shrimp, and my better 9/10ths ordered the chicken marsala.
She was very hesitant to order it because she has had amazing C.M.
from another restaurant in town.
My shrimp came to the table and there was 11 on the plate!
Unfortunately the shrimp looked like they were smashed flat to about 1/8" and they had a very hard crust that was the batter.
They had a somewhat weird taste.
The 1/4 cup raminkin that the coleslaw came in was hot and so was the non dressed purple cabbage.
I don't care for hot coleslaw so that wasn't eaten.
My wife's chicken marsala was drowned in marsala on a bed of tasteless green beans.
Overall service was nothing spectacular, because after our food came to us we had to sit and wait for our silverware.
I say the place is packed for some reason, but I don't believe we will ever be back to find out why.

We decided to eat lunch here over the weekend for our first time.
From the minute we sat down until the time we left, our experience was amazing!
We started off with the Mozzerella cheese and tomato salad which was to die for, followed with Calamari which was also good though I still prefer Olive Garden for the calamari.
We also had ahi tuna which was also really good.
Our main course was a thin crust pizza which was the best I have ever had.
My husband had the turkey club and my son had a mini pizza.
The waitress was awesome, personable and honest.
When they brough my sons pizza out, she came by the table and informed us that they had forgotten the pepperoni so they were make us a free one to go.
We didn't even notice!
First time I have ever had a resturant admit to wrong doing and fix it without asking!
The only thing I would say was a shocker was the price.
Not for the food but the drinks!!
Just a regular ice and soda is like buying a whole case at the store.
Other than that, the food was amazing and the service was excellent.
Also, the restuarant was clean, decorated nice and did not echo so you had to shout to hear your table.
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!

The food is good, but the service is appalling.
First time we came her service and food were great.
Second time was horrible.
Service got worse and worse and we waited 40 minutes for our dessert.
After saying something to the manager who delivered our dessert, she gave us a $15 gift card and begged us to come back.
We did and the service was bad yet again.
These servers seem to disappear for long periods of time almost like they are on break or something.
We came one last time today and it is our last time.
Our waiter took a while to greet us.
We then ordered drinks and an appetizer.
Waiter returned with our water and said our drinks would be right up.
He then disappeared.
Another waiter approached us after 10 minutes or so and asked if our waiter had taken our order.
We said just our app and he took our order.
He then tracked down our waiter who had completely disappeared.
The manager finally brought our drinks from the bar.
Another person brought our appetizer.
Waiter came by to check on us while we were waiting forever for our entrees and said nothing about when our food would be ready.
Someone else delivered our food and my pasta got cold looking for our server to come by so I could ask for more sauce, parmesan cheese, and fresh pepper.
I finally flagged down the waiter that took our order.
Someone else brought the items.
It took forever to get our check and refills on our water from our actual waiter.
It s too bad they can't get their act together.
There is a great need for good restaurants in the Northwest.
Guess we will have to wait for a new one to open.
Will not return to BJ's.

I had the nachos and a mini bj pizza.
Both tasted like they were "frozen" and recooked at the restaurant.
I was very disappointed.
I do not believe I will be back.

A new place that opened on the north side.. Yay!
So, it was a expierence think they were a little slow to star with new waiters and busers...
So, expected the opening glitches...
But since then they have performed great, good food, good service, and great beer!
They even have my Pear Cider that i LOVE...
So, this place is a plus for me!
Could use some price adjustments...but good food so it makes it all the more worth it...

It's alright.
The drinks menu is pretty good, but the food is pretty average.
If you like chili, don't bother with theirs...you'd be better off having Stagg chili at home.
The burgers, flatbread pizzas, salads are all ok.  Red velvet bazookie was the bomb, but I can't justify another star just for that.

i thoroughly enjoyed this place   1. good beer selection 2.amazing pizza 3.great service and staff!
4.just go!!!
lol

I had an interesting experience at this BJ's.
Friends selected it for our shared dinner, and it was a relatively new location where I had not previously dined.
The restaurant was packed on our arrival on a Tuesday night; some special promotion to benefit a charity was underway.
So, we had to wait about 20 minutes to be seated.
That was surprising, but no big deal.
So, I was still in a good mood and looked forward to my meal.
But the good mood darkened not long afterward.
I ordered a bowl of New England-style Clam Chowder and a Wedge Salad with Bleu Cheese Dressing to start, to be followed by Chicken Marsala.
Diane also ordered Clam Chowder, and another tablemate a salad to precede their respective main courses of Potato Skins Platter (Odd choice of entree, I know!
) and Chicken Marsala.
And my other dining companion ordered a hamburger with onions.
Then we waited--and waited some more for our preliminary dishes to come out, until 20 minutes had passed since we had placed our orders.
I  had just wondered aloud about why it was taking so long to receive our soups, when at last noticeably steaming food arrived at the table.
Except these weren't our beginning courses!
Because of how much time had already lapsed, I had been afraid that our starters might have been forgotten, and was somewhat frosted that my fears had materialized.
"We haven't received our soups or salads," I said.
And the two deliverers, neither of whom were our server, looked confounded and tried to put the dishes on the table anyway.
My dining mates said nothing but I held up my hand to block a large plate of Chicken Marsala from being placed before me, declaring, "I want my preliminaries first.
"  "Oh, you want to wait until your soup and salad come out?
" one said, and I replied tersely, "Yes.
"  I didn't utter any further words, but was thinking, "I don't want to have my main dish just sit here and get cold while I am waiting for and then eating my soup and salad.
"  Contemplating how long that time span might be, I also thought but, for the sake of a more realistic Yelp review and to see what would naturally transpire, did not actually state, "And you had better not just put under a warmer and bring back the same entree that you just tried to deposit here!
"  Then the other male at my table suddenly asked, "Where are my onions?
I specifically ordered onions.
"  So, besides missing soups and salads, another requested ingredient had to be supplied.
But that was an easy fix, and two plates of sliced onions were quickly produced.
Luckily for us an alert manager saw what was occurring, gave some remedial directions to her staff, came over to apologize for the delay in serving us soup and salad, and offered us free desserts.
When my wife and female friend, who had already plunged into their entrees, said they no longer wanted the other dishes, the manager said she understood and was taking them off the bill either way.
She told me that she had already ordered a new Chicken Marsala to be fired up for me.
Within 5 minutes my soup and salad arrived, and a piping hot Chicken Marsala about 10 minutes later--just after I had consumed both soup and salad.
Then the four of us enjoyed free Pizookies.
The restaurant had started in the hole with me, but made a nice recovery orchestrated by the manager, which I appreciated.
As for the food itself, both soup and salad were smaller than I have enjoyed at other BJ's in the past (But what's new about that in these trying economic times?
I recently ate a can of Campbell's Chicken Noodle Soup at home and, because actual chicken appeared to be so scarce, decided to carefully count the number of pieces that came out of the can--as if I didn't have anything else better to do!
I found exactly 1 bit of hydrogenated chicken!).
The Clam Chowder was excellent: very tasty with small chunks of potatoes and chives mixed in with the creamy broth.
The Wedge Salad was cold as such a salad should be, with some good and a few hard sections of  Iceberg Lettuce, Red Onion bits, some pieces of tomato, and a good Bleu Cheese Dressing.
The Chicken Marsala was very good, with crunchy mushrooms and a nice savory but mild Marsala Sauce, although thin green beans accompanying this entree were pretty hard.
The garlic in the Garlic Bread was real mild.
Potato Skins, with a fair amount of potato in the skins, were good but one had a black spot on it.
In the Pizookie Trio, the Chocolate Chunk and White Chocolate Macadamia Nut varieties were very good, as was a plain Chocolate Chip Pizookie, but I found the Red Velvet type to have a red velvet flavor that was stronger than I would have preferred.
All in all, a mixed but pretty good meal, and an overall rating that clawed its way up from one star to three.

Good selection of tasty beers.
I have eaten there a couple of times and we were seated quickly, served quickly, and enjoyed the the experience.
Give it a try I think you will like it.

I find the staff needing more help in delivering service.
On my last two visits we ordered appetizers that never arrived.
Both times I had been given the same lame excuss that the order had fallen on the floor and was being recooked.
I found this to be rehearsed and not very beliveable.
The food arrived a bit cold and feel the staff may have been the same.

Having been open now for a few months, I have been here 3 times.
Being one of the only "trendy" resturant in the area it can be quite busy all the time.
I'm sure this is great for their business.
For me there food is not worth waiting the 30-60 minute for two people.
We ordered the all meat pizza and it was ok.. the crust was not cooked thoroughly.
The beer is good.
My biggest complaint for this resturant is the dessert menu.
A pazzokie?
really A) I really hate that name.
B) it's nothing but a soft cookie with ice cream on it... not even original I can buy the same thing at albertsons, where I throw it in the microwave for 30 seconds slap icecream on it and shazam half the price and same taste.
I wan't more choices, cheescake, a sunday, cake, etc.
Until they open an outback or something better nearby I will continue to eat hear on occasion.
I checked not good for kids, but it's not bad for kids either.
It's a brewhouse so a bunch of adults getting lit is not a great atmospher for kids and they may get bored easily.
Red Robin and McDonalds are good for kids.
My opinion.
The customer service is lacking on weekdays.
The place is filled with servers, chatting it up while we wait for drink refills, to get any kind of service.. we had to ask for water and for menus after waiting 15 minutes.

I had dinner at this location with a friend during my vegas Holiday trip.
Since there's not too many in AZ whenever I can visit one in another state I jump at the chance.
We went on a Sunday night and it was pretty crowded so we decided to eat at the booths in the bar area so we wouldn't have to wait.
Our server was very attentive and was a good sport to put up with my friend's crazy sense of humor.
I decided to start with the pomegranate margarita and ordered their Cajun pasta with shrimp as my meal.
I like BJ's for the reasons why I like the Cheesecake Factory; tons of options and they're always consistently delicious.
My pasta was huge,  I ate a large serving and still had lots to take with me for leftovers.
For dessert my friend and I shared the baked beignet that was warm delicious and the perfect ending to my meal :-).
This place is pretty solid so I may think about driving out of my way to visit one here in AZ.

Awesome service, Awesome Food...Lot of food for the money...

Consistently good.
I almost always have the BJ Cobb salad.
Added a clam chowder this time.
Canned but still tasted good.

[Visited on Wednesday Feb 8th] I'm not big on chain places but our food was pretty good.
I had chicken wontons with thai sauce and spinach stuffed mushrooms.
My hubby had an "under 575 calories" meal that was very good.
Lots of textures and flavors and moist chicken breast to satisfy the gastronome whose counting calories.
But I ordered the small bites so that I could save room for one of those famous deliciously decadent pizookies.
If you don't know what it is, I'm going to leave you guessing.
Get curious and try it out - you won't be disappointed.
The place gets a four on dessert alone.
Did I mention that they MAKE delectable sodas - root beer, cream soda, orange cream soda and at least one other?
We rarely order non-alcoholic drinks cuz we're stingy when it comes to what we spend our dining money on - but this was well worth it plus we got free refills.
We also ordered a happy hour drink, mango mojito, which was like $5.
During happy hour, they also have $2 off full-size appetizers and 1/2 price mini-pizzas (which really aren't that small; they're deep dish).
It was a good deal.
We spent more than we usually do because we ordered drinks and dessert but it was still a good deal.
We'll definitely go back if only to sit in the bar and watch sports on one of the tvs.
Also, we didn't have to wait at all for a table like Matt C. apparently had to.
It was about 4pm on a Wednesday, so I guess it was a good time to dine.
I'm sorry Matt C. didn't enjoy his experience, but we really liked it.
I'd say try it out for yourself.

I love this place because they have the most beers on tap in the area.
Dead Guy IPA is my personal favorite.
I've always liked BJ's for their food, but I will admit that I usually go for their high calorie salads, soup and beer...
The Ahi Tuna Salad is delightful and the main thing I get here.
The other things to consider - Chopped Salad Thai Shrimp Lettuce Wraps Santa Fe Spring Rolls

Everytime I eat here, my food and service is always wonderful.
I believe her name is Amber (server) who is really attentive and gets you what you need before you ask.
My favorite is their tomato mozzerella salad!!
Sooooo yummy!

We visited Bj's and was greeted by Wayne.
Fantastic service, great food, great ambiance.
I was too full to have desert, but I've had the Pazookie white chocolate chip is to die to die for.
Great post work out lunch I always appreciate great service and food.

BJ's offer curb side Pickup.
So call ahead if you're planing on taking some home.
If you're dining in, Explore the Beers and Ale.
Also you owe it to yourself to try the Pazookie (Dessert).
Nice place for a Date night.
As far as the Pizza, its NOT authentic Chicago style Deep Dish but its OK.
Enjoy!

We visited Bj's and was greeted by Wayne.
Fantastic service, great food, great ambiance.
I was too full to have desert, but I've had the Pazookie white chocolate chip is to die for.
Great post work out lunch I always appreciate great service and food.

I read some of the reviews that mentioned slow and not so good service, long waits for food n drinks, etc,,,,I had a good experience last night about 6pm,,,(it was helpful I arrived well before 6pm and the dinner rush),,,i was able to get my name (party of four) on the seating list quickly and it was within minutes I was called n seated, our server and the expediters seemed fairly prompt and organized and the foods n drinks seemed timed appropriately.
The food quality was very good (one tilapia dish and one top sirloin dish) but the pizza was needing some work, I wouldn't order the pizza as it didn't appear to be their strong suit (such as throwing a few pieces of pepperoni on a pepperoni pizza order).
It was interesting that their menu offers just about everything, but they practically only have one type of dessert called 'pazookie' which is really good if you love semi cooked cookie dough w/ ice cream on top, be advised the pazookie pan is hot out of their 350 degree oven and is scalding hot, yeah I learned the hard way, I have never been to BJs before and the expediter server didn't say anything to me when she placed it on the table.
Our server seemed nice enough, good attitude and pleasant enough and he was efficient w/ just about everything, only forgetting one drink which was promptly served when reminded,,good job to him.
(I really wanted some cheesecake for dessert after a steak dinner,,,I hope that BJs will add that to their menu).

Overall service was ok. Hostess that sat us had to question if we were certain we gave the right party amount number.
They tried to sit us in a booth where only 4 Adults sit.
We were a party of 6 with one child.
A Manager came out and saw how cramped we were and moved us.
Other then that overall experience could have definately been better.
I had Tortillia Soup- which had a very thick consistency.
Flavor was just ok. Sampler tray was delicious.
Server was good.

We go here pretty often.
Always a good meal and little one looooves the skinny French fries and Mac and Cheese.

Great flatbread, great beer and staff is very attentive and friendly

It took me 5 in a half hours to drive to Vegas from California and this is the first place I stopped to get a bite to eat.
The waitress was great and the service she gave was attentive.
The food on the other hand was average and there was way too much cheese in my pasta for my fork to pick up an average size bite.
I enjoyed myself with the friends I was with, but if you go here, tell them easy on the cheese in the pasta.

Food was good, service was terrible.
I usually try to cut the server lots of slack, especially when serving large groups, but this was ridiculous.
We had a two year old so we just stopped by a coworker's retirement celebration for a short period of time.
But when my son got squirmy and we tried to sneak out early, we had to wait 40 to 50 minutes for our check.
The food was slow, it took forever to get things like a spoon for my son's applesauce, and the waitress made lots of errors on the bills and credit card charging (they wound up just making us wait until everyone was ready to go and giving us our check last.
So much for slipping out early).
Hopefully they are working out their new restaurant kinks and the service will get better.

I LOVE THIS PLACE!
Well I went here tonight and service was amazing and the food was also just superb.
I started tonight's experience by sampling 2 beers and deciding on the hefferveisen it was very good and I asked for an orange to complement the flavor.
Here we go into the meal, For starters we got mozzarella and tomato salad that I totally recommend it was only 3 dollars and it has an amazing balsamic dressing on it.
YUM  Main course I ordered the Portobello pizza and the chicken pot stickers for my wife and I and they were both amazing the pizza is a must try and the pot stickers were good BUT im just not so much of a fan of them anyway so they must have been amazing for me to finish my plate of them.

Honestly?
Don't come here.
We've been going to the BJs location in Summerlin for years, and that location is FAR superior.
Every time we give the Centennial location a chance, we're extremely disappointed.
It is worth the extra drive to get to the Summerlin location.
First, the service here is always bad.
We always have to wait ages for drink refills and orders.
And, literally, every single time we've received something incorrect when the food arrives.
And I'm not talking about something small - I'm talking about an entirely different entree being presented than ordered.
Second, the "to go" service is equally horrid.
The pickup times are never even close to being correct, i.e.
told 20 minutes and waited 50.
Plus, the food tastes drastically different from when you eat in versus take home.
We've decided to stop giving this location anymore chances.
An extra 20 minute drive to the Summerlin location is WELL worth it.

Quality food.. Great service..

The menu is huge looks kinda like the cheesecake factory menu.
The pizza was descent.
I had the darkest beer they serve and it was amazing!!
Artichoke fried hearts were okay but they were pretty cheap.
Will be returning to try the infamous cookie dessert.
I LOVE THE CAPRESE salad and for only 3.95$ this place is great!

We got the two person pizza deal for $20.
The pizza had a really good fluffy crust and the watermelon salad and the tortilla soup was really good.
We then finished it off with a white macadamia nut and oatmeal raisin pizookie which was also really good.
The server was friendly but we had to keep getting his attention to refill our water and had our appetizers but had no silverware to eat it with.
There new beer nitwit was good and my wife had a white peach margarita which she really seemed to enjoy.
She ordered her second one and after about two sips we received the bill and only saw are waiter when he noticed the credit card.

Nasty place to eat, bad service, hair in my food, forgot appetizers, use to eat here a lot, it is bad now.
Sickening hygeine.

Great food as expected from BJ's.
Love the Jerry Burst and potstickers.
Great service and awesome happy hour prices.

Who doesn't like BJ's?
Their diverse menu offers something for everyone!
If your a pizza lover, their Chicago style pizza is a must!
The crust is thick and flavorful!
My 2 favorite specialty pizzas they offer are The Great White and the BBQ Chicken Pizza.
If you order a large, it's great for sharing with a small group of people.
If you can't decide on which pizza to order, get half of one thing and half of something else!
Yes, they will do that at no extra charge!
Their alcoholic drinks are all very tasty, but for those who aren't big on alcoholic drinks , give the root beer a try!
They make the root beer there and you'll definitely be requesting a refill.
If you're a sweets person like myself, you have to get a pizookie to end your meal!
My personal favorite is the Oreo.
A pizookie is the most delicious, moist, flavorful cookie served warm with vanilla ice cram on top!

Lunch at bjs!
Like eating here, the food is good/ok, I think I enjoy the waiters personalities above everything else here.
The Centennial Center is descent enough and just as good as the rest I believe.
They are new and i've given them enough time to break there heels in!
Overall good pizzas and beer!
I still like the tomato bisque soup and it's Cheese Ham sandwich neighbor!!
Well, it's just like a Yard house I would say~

Went there last night, Sept 28, there were four of us.
The service was bad, their mashed potatos were  hard and dry they don't servfe them with any gravy or sauce not to mention cheese in the mashed potatos, yek!

I have had the worst luck here lately.
It used to be one of my favorite places to go.
I always order the sweet pig pizza and used to love it.
The last 2 times I've eaten at BJs the dough tasted pre-cooked and reheated and the toppings weren't cooked and the cheese was minimal.
We also got the chicken Marsala and it was flavorless and the pasta was stuck together and undercooked.
I think I'm done with BJs.
The kids menu is great but I can't justify spending $50 on a meal when Pizza Hut is better

I've gone to this BJ's quite a few times, and evertime it has been alright.
The food is ok- they have a wide selection of things which is good, but unless you know what you are in the mood you could be searching for a while.
My favorite item (besides the Pazookies) is the Fresh Mozzerella and Tomato salad in the small bites section.
I've had a mini deep dish pizza, and it was good, but I haven't had many deep dishes so I don't know how it adds up to a real Chicago Deep Dish.
The downside is that this location is ALWAYS packed.
I know it is newer to the Centennial area, but geez, it seems that every night everyone and their mom goes there so you are left with waiting for a while.
Service has been great everytime I go.
I haven't had a problem with them yet.
Pricewise it could be a bit expensive if you go all out.
The best deal is to get the Pazookie Trio and try three different types of Pazookies for half the price of one big one.
The Small Bites section is pretty cheap; they use to have an awesome Seared Ahi Tuna dish that was a great deal.
I guess it was such a great steal that they had to stop it because it is no longer on the menu.

I love this place, there pizza is delicous and they have a great beer selection

Great beer selection, my favorite is the avocado egg roll!
I order the appetizer as an entree.
My husband loves the pizzas.

Great food, great atmosphere, and great service!
I love all of there pizzas.

Totally delivers on what it advertises....good locally brewed beer and pretty good food.
Service, cleanliness and decor is great....we feel very comfortable there...a step above TGIFs and similar places.
Been several times and will continue to patronize.
Recommend the Piranha Ale.

Love this place!!
Everything is great.
Wish they had Pumpkin Ale all year!

I always get good service here.
They are a reliable place to grab a brew...or two with a great staff and great food.

Awesome Awesome food, John our waiter was friendly and knew his menue items.
He suggested some great food and beer.
The wait was 20 mins but worth it.

Great service, nice atmosphere, decent food, great dessert!
I went on a Saturday afternoon right before the dinner rush.
Our server was phenomenal.
He said it was his last day so unfortunately I can't direct patrons to his section, but even the managers were great.
We were asked how our service and our food was twice while we were there and we has nothing but praise during our lunch.
The California Chicken Sandwich was alright, but too greasy for my own liking.
The wedge fries were good though and the sangria was tasty.
I shared the red velvet pizookie with my friend and it was phenomenal.
It was perfect for 2 to share and I highly recommend it!
I've been to BJ's plenty of times but this was the first time at this location and so far  it's definitely my favorite.

Horrible in comparison to other BJ's locations I've been to.
I asked our waitress, Candice, for silverware and napkins at the same time my (first) date and I ordered drinks.
Drinks came, no silverware.
We then ordered an appetizer, no silverware after asking again.
Then we ordered our entrees, they came and we still had no silverware or napkins.
I don't know why I left our waitress a tip, she didn't do a damn thing.
We had three different people bring out our food, none of which were Candice.
There was a blonde spiky-haired guy, that brought out our appetizer, he spoke in the most ridiculous fake New York accent; awkward at least because he was loud as fuck.
Horrible start to what I was hoping was going to be a good night with a fine young hunnie.
Seriously upset I paid $58 for this crap, should've just taken her to Cane's and gotten better service from a high school kid.
Bullshit.
Their fries are garbage and from a bag too.

during the lunch hours, they are fast and have great service.
I always go to order off the lunch menu because I'm broke!
I usually order that parm crusted chicken sandwich, which is delicious.
Their gourmet Mac and cheese and stuffed mushrooms are great cheap appetizers--I'm always hunting on the cheapest thing on the menu!
But if you want to spend a little money on the appetizer, I suggest the Ahi Poke.
It's one of my favorites.
They never ask to split the check, even if I'm in huge groups, which is why I took off a star.

Very good food and service,  Great variety and unique flavors.
Forty minute wait, but they served food to waiting guests.
Now that's class!

Ladies luncheon day.
Somedays the service be on point and other days I get very slow service.
I guess it depends on the influx of customers, the food I will say is always delicious and made perfect.
This location seems to have people always training but I'm not a picky person especially when it comes to someone learning.
Lots of parking and lots of indoor and outdoor seating.

This place is amazing.
Everything on the menu is good at worst.
I had a delicious rack of ribs with enough meat on the bone to choke a donkey.
I love it.
If you haven't had a pazookie yet, you are missing out.

Ok first off, it was very awkward having the Manager seat us and then take away the drink menu because I didn't look 21.
Luckily I already knew what alcoholic drink I wanted to order but really?
At least ID me especially if you are the darn manager.
Second, Francisco was our food runner but I tipped him and not our waitress because that's how great his customer service is!
BJ's could be better but I'll come back if Francisco is working because he will do his job and the waiter's job!!

I love the wings the pizza is just strange.
After ordering pizza and being unhappy because it has no sauce on the pizza.
They bring us say four pizzas total to the table in an effort to fix the issue.
After a extra long 2 hour wait I requested to speak with a manager or the cook.
We were told by the management that the pizza comes with nothing but bread and cheese and what ever topping you pick.
Well that's not pizza if you ask me.
(That's called a sandwich.
) The manager came to the table and told us its premade so its nothing he can do to make it better.
He gave us a gift card in the amount of 25 dollars.
I wont be back for the pizza I will be back for the wings.

We were referred to this place by some friends for the pizza.
After waiting about 40 minutes to be seated, and another 40 for our food,  we were ready to dive in to our pizza.
The food is good, the atmosphere cozy, the service decent, somewhat pricey.
It's not a place I would go out of my way for, but not a place I would avoid or mind eating at again.

I love BJ's, the service is always good.
Great food and drinks.

Enjoyed everything about the meal.
From the drinks to burger.
Only bummer was I didnt have room for dessert so, no pizookie.
If you're a rootbeer or cream soda fan, try one here.
I loved it!

This is a great restaurant.
It has a microbrewery if you enjoy different beers.
I go there for the food and I love just about everything I have tried.
The avocado egg rolls are a must try appetizer.
The rack of ribs is the best for any restaurant in this price range.
And if you have not had a pizookie for dessert you have not lived yet.

I want to start by saying that I think this restaurant is really overrated.
I have been here numerous times and only twice have I not experience a problem with either our order or the service.
It's usually something simple like when my husband orders no mayo on his burger and it comes with mayo.
The annoying part is that it ALWAYS happens!
How hard is it to not put mayo on a hamburger?
Often times our drinks never get refilled and the servers here are often MIA.
It may seem silly to complain about a soda refill, but it's the little things that make the experience when you go out.
The tables really turned for me when I was a BJ's for my friends daughters birthday party and we had the absolute worst service ever!
She was turning 9 and she choose BJ's for her birthday lunch, which I personally think was quite grown up for a nine year old, she could have gone anywhere but she choose BJ's!!
Anyway, we only had 11 people in our party and it was 3:00 pm so it wasn't anything too crazy and it wasn't a rush hour, so it shouldn't have been something that they couldn't have been able to handle.
Our server wasn't off to a good start, he was just sweating profusely as if it were 100 degrees inside the building with no air!
He actually had sweat pouring from his face!
Clearly a partly of 11 was going to be too much for him to handle, he needed to ask for help.
Of course he didn't get help and things just got worse and as luck would have we weren't his only table.
.........And that's when it happened!
Our server had just cleared of a dirty table behind ours and was walking behind behind us with a tray full of half empty dirty glasses,  when he spilled the tray all over my son and I !!!!!
We were both cover with what I think was old iced tea!
As we sat there wet, cold and in shock, our server just said nonchalantly "I am sorry" and continued walking to the back.
He never came back out!
So my son and I were left to try to dry of with the napkins rolls that were on the table!
Meanwhile the floor underneath our chairs was a pool of spilled liquid and we were surrounded by it, so if we were to try to move our chairs to get up we would have been stepping in liquid!
About three minutes latter our server was still MIA and there was no one coming out to mop up the floor, I was beginning to think I was being Punked!
I saw a women walking toward our table who looked like the manager and I thought oh good she is coming to fix the situation, but nope!
She just walked right by our table, even after looking directly at the puddle on the floor!!
Finally another person at out table had to stop the manager because I was trapped in my chair wet and surrounded by the puddle of spilled drinks!!
Meanwhile, my poor son just sat there so quietly and didn't complain once!
Finally the manager did come over to me, she asked what happened and I told her how our server spilled a tray of old drinks on my son and I and then disappeared and didn't offer us anything to dry ourselves off with, nor did anyone come to mop up the floor!
The manager barley apologized and then all she gave us was a small stack of the brown paper towels from the bathroom to dry ourselves with.
I would have expected a clean white towel from the back, but this lady seriously did not get it!
Finally about 15 minutes into this disaster someone came to mop up the floor so we were able get out of our chairs to make it to the bathroom.
So then our bill comes, and don't get me wrong, I am not after free stuff, but after you spill a tray of drinks on my son and I and then disappear and treat us like crap, it would have been nice to just have taken care of the bill.
Nope!
Not even a little I am sorry discount!
They gave my bill in full!
So why the two stars you may be asking?
Because I went home that night night and told my hubby the whole awful story and he was pissed at me and asked why I didn't freak out on them?!
I told him it was because I was at a birthday party and I was trying to keep it cool, could you imagine if I went all momzilla at my daughters friends birthday, she would have died!!
So my hubby went to BJ's website and contacted them.
He was latter called by the DM who apologized for the whole episode and sent us a $50 gift card.
Again, I am not after free stuff, what I really wanted was for them to just OWN IT the day it happened!
If you mess up then just apologize and mean it!!
The DM also sent the mother of the birthday girl a gift card too because the server messed up the birthday cake.
I would have written about that episode too but I am only allowed 1500 words!

If you haven't tried this chain, you probably should.
Great beer selection and a huge menu so there's something for everyone.

The wait was CRAZY, but it was the weekend and several prom dates were there so I  can over look that, the pizza was great, the drinks were awesome, the service was amazing, the pizookie was wayyyyy too sweet.
I would opt for a different dessert.

great selection of beer and food.
Love NITWIT and if your feeling froggy for dessert the pizookie is bomb

Came here for happy hours last week.
Bar was full...so they seat us at a table.
Still was able to get happy hour prices.
Awesome!!!!!!
Food is fantastic Wings: Yummy Etoh: Good My date and I had a great experience!

Sucks!
The service gets worse every time we go.
Today we were seated, the server dropped off a couple of promotional napkins and then disappeared.
No drinks, no way to order food... We dropped off our member card on our way out the door for the last time.
BJ's has NOT earned our business.
We went down the street to the Market Grille Cafe, we were seated, got drinks and ordered food in 5 minutes or less.
Yes, they were as busy as BJ's.
I suggest the manager of BJ's bring his staff to the Market Grille Cafe for lunch and see how it's done.

BJ's is a good local bar and with higher quality food than typical bars.
Lots of good selections but mainly they have some great microbrews to try out.
Not designed to be a 5 star restaurant and that's okay because if you're looking for some great beer, an atmosphere to have fun, and some great French fries try it out!

I can't speak highly enough of this place!!!!
Ammmmmazing food and service!

Place is a bit over priced and over-rated for the menu that they have, but the food is solid every time I come here.
If I were rating this place just based on the food, it would be 4.5 stars, but other things kind of deflate my score of it:  -usually long waits (excess of 20 min) on evenings -service, though waiters can be nice, are extremely busy and have little time to attend to each table.
You can totally tell that they're overworked.
-it takes about 15 -20 minutes until your waiter comes by to get your orders for food, then you wait about 20-30 minutes for food to arrive--it's all a waiting game  I ordered a steak, which was pretty big considering, and I'm always a fan of the calamari.
Also ordered a raspberry pazookie, which was pretty amazing, gotta admit, especially if you're not too into chocolate--this makes for a nice alternative to a rich dessert.
As a place to chill, grab a few drinks and side dishes and catch up with friends, I would choose this place, but for a dinner experience, be prepared to wait, wait, wait.

If you are going to B.J.
'S for their deep dish pizza, this review will help you.
We went to BJ's on Labor day at 4:00 p.m., my husband had a coupon for 50% off their pizza.
We had to wait 15 minutes before being seated.
There was lots of tables, but very few waiters.
We ordered the BJ classic deep dish pizza, which would be $24.
00 if we did not have a coupon.
We waited 40 minutes to be served a deep dish pizza on a platter with raw vegetables.
The picture in the menu shows deep dish pizzas in a pan with lots of melted cheese and cooked vegetables.
We were so hungry that we started eating until we noticed no sauce on the pizza.
We spoke to a manager who stated they don't .put sauce on the pizza they have seasoned tomatoes.
As far as the vegetables he agreed they needed to be cook more.
He took the pizza away and said they would remake it with sauce and cook vegeables.
We waited 45 minutes when they rushed out of the kitchen to tell us they had to remake the second pizza because it cracked in the oven.
We tasted the 3rd pizza, and there was no more sauce that the 1st pizza and the vegetables were still raw.
We gave up, and left the restaurant with the manager writing off our pizza.
We came home and I reheated my left over dinner from the nite before that I had made homemade.
My husband thinks B.J.
'S is using frozen pizzas that they just add to what the customer had order.
I could have bought a better frozen pizza and add my own toppings.
If you are there for happy hour drinks, than this review is not helpful for you.
If you want deep dish pizza BEWARE they are way too over priced for their pizza.

Finally got around to going to this BJ's close to my neck of the woods.
Would always pass by it on Centennial and see it was near constantly busy with cars.
Whaddaya know, we like it!
Nice building, very reminiscent of the one on Charleston (my guess is that's the point).
Lots of dark wood, intimate lighting in some parts, lots of room at the bar with multiple TV's.
Nice flooring and high ceilings too.
I like the rotating door at the front entrance, good touch.
The night we came it was on a weekend so it was busy at a nice clip.
We didn't have to wait long for a table though, maybe about 5 minutes.
Aisles are pretty spacious so I had no problem getting to my seat.
Our server was courteous and well-mannered, took care of us really well.
Even if we weren't first-timers to BJ's he still gave us a nice review of the menu and the specialty types of pizzas they create.
Informative, nice.
We've been to BJ's before so we had a good idea of what we were ordering.
There were four of us in our party and we got:  *Piranha Pale Ale Nachos - Topped with BJ's Pale Ale Chili, jack and cheddar cheese, tomatoes, green onions, olives, cilantro, and sour cream.
With a side of fire-roasted salsa and extra jalapenos.
*BJ's Favorite Signature Deep Dish Pizza (Large 14") - Meatballs, pepperoni, Italian sausage, mushrooms, green peppers, olives, onion, and tomatoes.
*Baby Back Pork Ribs - Flavored with Big Poppa Smokers' Sweet Money Championship Rub, topped with BJ's Jeremiah Red Ale BBQ sauce, and served with two steak sides of your choice (we opted for steamed veggies and the Wedge Salad).
Luckily on this day we had a coupon from Facebook where you buy an entree and get another entree of equal or lesser value FREE.
We bought the pizza and got the ribs gratis!
Not a bad deal at all.
Especially considering a large pizza will set you back between $20 - $25 depending on what kind of pizza you order.
The food?
Not bad!
Definitely reminds you of a Cheesecake Factory type joint.
The nachos were good, lots of cheese everywhere, and that fire-roasted salsa had some great flavor.
The pizza was good, definitely fits up to being a signature of BJ's.
The crust was thick but still light and airy.
Nice crunch on the outside with a good chew on the inside.
Loaded with good toppings.
After two slices I was done!
Definitely not a NY pie (which I kinda prefer).
The wedge salad was excellent, and would only be that way IF you have a head of very, very fresh Iceberg lettuce.
Topped with creamy bleu cheese dressing, bacon bits, and fresh black pepper, it was a good accompaniment.
The surprise of the night was the pork ribs!
Someone did it right - enough smoke, generous rub, enough sauce (with extra on the side), cooked just right to near-fall-off-the-bone, I couldn't get enough!
I finished half the rack myself.
With that coupon our meal was a near steal.
For the four of us, we managed to get away with an under $50 check (with tax & tip), and leftovers for a midnight snack.
I like a value meal!
We were too full, but one should try and get a BJ's Famous Pizookie.
A warm deep dish cookie, topped with two scoops of cool, creamy ice cream?
Yeah you're gonna want one.
I'll be back again BJ's, I'll have to try your Happy Hour that goes from 3 PM - 7 PM M-F, or 10 PM - Close Sun-Thur.
That looks like some good eats for cheap!

Tonight was my first night at BJs and it was amazing.
I had the grilled chicken stuffed potato.
My kids had the deep dish pizza.
Of course they loved the dessert.
Who can resist ice with ice cream on top?!
I will def go back again.

Amazing deep dish pizza's, wonderful service.
House draft is really good.
I love the pizookee, wow just an all around fantastic place to eat!

CUSTOMER SERVICE REVIEW:  I came here with my husband and two other couples for a Friday date night.
Our server was horrible and so rude!
My friend comes here at least twice a month and has been for over a year.
She always orders the margharita pizza which comes with basil and tomatoes.
This time when her pizza came out, it only had basil.
She politely let the server know that it was missing tomatoes and asked for tomatoes.
The server rudely told her that the pizza never came with tomatoes and she got exactly what she ordered(even though it always had tomatoes every other time she ordered it).
He was about to walk away but she asked that they please out tomatoes on for her.
A manager then came over and said 'hmm so I heard your pizza didn't come with tomatoes and it should have.
We're going to comp that dish for you, sorry for the mistake'.
Ok cool, but then when the new pizza came out the rude server AGAIN had to voice his opinions that the pizza does not come with tomatoes and that she was wrong and he is right(EVEN THOUGH THE MANAGER APOLOGIZED AND ACKNOWLEDGED  IT SHOULD HAVE TOMATOES!
)And next time she needs to order another pizza called something else that comes with tomatoes and sausages, and had to say 'YOU ARE WRONG'.
wow!
Seriously?
That's extremely unprofessional!
And RUDE!
Second problem-everyone ordered appetizers and when they came out one was missing.
We ordered two artichoke appetizers and only one came out.
By the time everyone was finished with their appetizers the second artichoke plate still had not come out.
We flagged down our waiter to ask him to cancel the order as our entrees had just arrived.
He would NOT cancel it and said 'oh I didn't know you wanted it to come out before your entree'.
Uh hello?
It's called an appetizer not a side dish!.....anyways he would not cancel the order and then magically brought out artichokes five minutes later.
I don't think I've ever been to a restaurant where a waiter is allowed to openly be rude and tell a customer they are wrong despite such a minor request!
My friend was not at any point rude with her request at all and quite polite too.
VERY UNPROFESSIONAL.
I wish I had remembered his name, but I didn't pay.
if I ever see him again(not on a group date), I will be sure to make a formal complaint with a manager.

Fun atmosphere, decent all american food, 3rd time at this location, always crowded, no complaints.

I used to work for BJ's in a different state and can say this location holds to the standards of the company.
They have amazing beers and great pizza.
Worth every penny!
Happy Hour is a really good deal if you are looking to save a bit.

I've been here a few time and got ok service but this last time I was there was so bad.
Right when we got in the host was eh.
Wasn't feeling welcome at all.
We got seat and our server came and took our orders but he was not friendly what so ever.
When our food arrived we had no utensil.
Had to ask for it.
Every time he came back to check up on us the was talking and walking away from us.
Like what the f!
When he brought our bill he accidentally hits out friend on the face with it.
The apology he gave was so fake.
Anyways beside him ruining our lunch the food was good.
The best part was the dessert.
The pizookie !
Overall restaurant it was very family oriented, place was clean.
Hopefully they can up the standard on costumer service a bit.
At least fake it good.

Came to this place with family.
Price is right for what you get.
Desserts are famous here.
I got the red velvet pazookie is was so delicious had to order 1 more.
Service was alright .
They just wanna turn around tables there.
Other than that the hostess was very nice had to only wait for 5 minutes for a table.
and the server was showing his hospitality there.
Good job

Had the opportunity to visit this location, my first ever to a BJ's, on a Wednesday afternoon.
We had a short wait for a table and when we were walked to the table by a friendly hostess, I was surprised to see a tray of dirty glasses sitting on the booth bench seat.
It was quickly cleared away, but was still tacky to start things off.
Our server was very mechanical and could have been a lot more attentive.
I sat with an empty glass for over 20 minutes after she stated she'd be "right back" with my refill.
We were her only table, so I know her attention wasn't focused on her guests at that point.
The food was definitely better than what I expected and I enjoyed my Parmesan Crusted Chicken Sandwich a great deal.
The wedge-cut fries left a LOT to be desired, however.
They were barely warm and lacked any sort of seasoning whatsoever.
I'd give the restaurant another chance, but not for a while.

I was not aware that Orwellian 1984 double thinks were made into a concept restaurant.
But they are and it is called BJ's!
Everyone will tell you how great this place is until one day you walk into their shiny establishment in Centennial Hills.
About 30 minutes later you will realize that all of your friends actually hate you for suggesting that you dine here.
All the service people are nice but in a really vacant Stepford wife kind of way.
It's all lip service and no actual service.
For example, our server was super interested in up-selling fancy beer to me... so we had to have a really long discussion about why I should try another kind of beer as opposed to the one I wanted.
Once "we" decided that I would stick to drinking what I want, we must have also decided that the table would wait for 20 minutes before said drinks would be delivered.
If you've ever read 1984 you will know that questions are also pretty unacceptable.
I wish I had known that it was a 1984 concept restaurant before I asked about vegetarian options on the menu!
I had planned on ordering some pasta or something, but it turns out that all the pastas and salads include meat and are priced accordingly.
One question about that and she was off for another several minutes.
And the fun didn't even end there!
I ordered soup and salad as my entree and both the soup and the salad were delivered to the table at the same time several minutes before anyone else was served.
But I guess they did not consider this a problem since there was no silverware.
So it's not like I was going to eat it before the rest of my party's food arrived, anyway NO BIG DEAL GUYS!
And so I stared at my food until the rest of the party got their food delivered, too.
And still there was no silverware.
The random hostess that delivered the food nicely asked if we needed anything else and when we asked for silverware, she walked away.
Then we all got to stare at our food TOGETHER!
When we finally did get some silverware, I ate my Denny's quality food while feeling angry about the empty service and impending bill.
This place is really Applebee's quality with Cheesecake Factory prices.
My throat almost closed when I saw that the $12 avocado roll appetizer was actually only THREE avocado spring rolls.
Not that it mattered since we never got appetizer plates even though we were asked if we wanted some when the appetizer was delivered.
(Here is a tip: probably you should just bring appetizer plates instead of asking if the table would like some and then never bringing them causing another "lets all stare at this food" situation.
)  Try eating a whole meal with an anger lump in your throat.
It really takes the enjoyment out of eating.
BJ's was a big fat $60 disappointment that ruined the pleasant experience that eating usually provides to me.
That is a big deal considering that is why restaurants even exist.
Note to the management: I think that I would have given this experience 3 stars had the server or staff, who KNEW that this was a messed up dining experience for a number of reasons, had even tried to rectify the situation or notified the manager that the meal had been timed and executed very badly.
But no one wanted to fix it and that enrages me more than anything else.
Vegetarian Side note: I didn't try the pizza even though it is supposedly really good for vegetarians, but be warned unless you want pizza, you probably won't find anything else on the menu that you want.
All the pastas and salads include meat, and I don't see the point in paying $16 for a salad and then asking that they remove the most expensive ingredient.
They have a veggie burger which is your standard garden burger replacement.
And it was soggy.
I will never go back to BJ's.
It is over-priced and overhyped.
If anyone I know ever tells me how great this place is again I will drop kick them so hard that they will need a kidney transplant in their face.

Finally got around to try this place out.
I've heard good thugs about this place and wanted to see what it was all about.
I came here for lunch with the girls 2 times.
The second time the service was slow but all in all the service wasn't too bad.
They make their own root beer and cherry soda.
How awesome is that!
Unlimited refills too.
Even better!
I tried the Cobb salad from their lunch menu and it was the perfect portion.
Not too big and my too small.
I was able to finish it all and still feel comfortable.
No stuffy feeling if you know what I mean.
Although this is a bar it's still a nice place to come to grab a bite to eat.
If you are in a rush you might want to get take out.
I can't wait to sample other items in their menu.

Just had an amazing dinner.
BJ's restaurant great service and amazing time.
My wife had the shrimp scampi pasta I have a lobster and steak was absolute fantastic and she highly suggest the cosmopolitans can't go wrong there

Got the Holiday Share Dinner for 2 for $39 and is definitely worth it!!
We each got soup or salad and entree of our choice and we share a pazzoki!!!
On top of our meal, we enjoyed their signature drink called Jeremiah Red.
Also, our server was on top of things!!
Best service in my life time!!
Great experience tonight!
Our servers name is Brittany J!!
Good job, Brittany!

Service was okay.
Food was horrible.
I am an avid BJ's lover.
I've always love their food.
For some reason this time was just a horrible experience.
The server ignored us most of the time.
The food was barely lukewarm when it came out.
I got a jalapeo burger that was soggy and wayyyy over cooked.
Very unhappy with my experience.
I understand it's lunch time but jeez.
Hopefully next time -if there is one - I will have more positive things to say.

Atmosphere- fresh and new, seemed to be family friendly, they need to work on cleanliness Food- looked great but was tastless Prices- lunch specials between 7 and 9 bucks Service- friendly however very slow Overall experience- unsatisfied, will not be returning.
My wife and I arrived for lunch and the place was almost full.
The hostess acknowledged us with a halfhearted greeting but sat us to our booth quickly.
When we got to our booth the floor underneath the booth was blatantly littered with food, bits of torn paper, crayons, used drink straws and so on, basically as if four young children had been seated there prior to us and the staff failed to sweep up after they left.
10 min later the waiter introduced himself and took our drink and appetizer order.
The waiter (Chase) was very friendly and knowledgable of the menu.15 min later our drinks arrived and he took our lunch order.
Another 20 mins later our appetizer arrived and the waiter noticed we needed refills.
We had the bonless wings.
They were ok nothing special.
After another 20 min and our lunch arrived via a somewhat rudish food runner who did not acknowedge us and basically drop our plates in front of us and took off.
I had the pulled pork sandwich with wedge cut seasoned fries and coleslaw.
All of it looked great.
Pork was moist and tender but no flavor.
The fries once again had no taste.
The coleslaw was delicious.
I did not finish my meal due to lack of interest.
The wife ordered the Jalapeno burger with the seasoned wedge fries and at first glance it looked great.
But after further inspection the burger was way overcooked and the pepperjack cheese looked dead.
She lost her appetite, but she is 9mths pregnant so that may be why.
I never tasted her burger it just didnt look like something i would have liked.
Her fries were no different than mine.
Drink refills were few and far between.
Yes we were there at the lunch time rush but the restaurant was not that full to have effected the service and serve times to that extream.
However even if the service was on point the food fell short of our expectations.

Sort of a mixed bag with this visit.
We ordered a Roasted Vegetable and Goat Cheese Flatbread Pizza (excellent and just the right amount of food), a Parmesan Crusted Chicken Sandwich (sandwich was pretty good, but I didn't much care for the fries), and a Chicken Quesadilla (overly spicy in a brassy way).
The service was great at the start.
But, by the end, the restaurant had filled up and we had to wait a bit just to get our bill.
Still, overall, a very good meal.

Not too bad at all.
I enjoyed the beer and the burger was pretty decent.
Bartendress was cute and pretty good at her job so I really have nothing to complain about.
I can't give 5 stars without it having changed my life though.

Candace and Amber are the beat servers.
Ryan was tops until he left for Oregon.

I loved the food here , and the beers are amazing!
Esp there IPA.
I'm seeing a lot of bad reviews on the service, I can't really say anything because I always sit at the bar, but the bartender is always good and takes good care of us.

I would not recommend this place to anyone.
I mean from the minute we got seated you could tell our group was the least priority.
I was the dd for the night and I got my non alcoholic drink last.
It actually came after the appetizer.
Not sure how that's even possible?
Then a couple of the beers out of the taster were warmer, two out of our group got it and they both said that.
Next, the steaks were chewy and could not be cut with their steak knives.
The only good thing to come from this place was their fries.
If I could give it 0 stars I would.
Bad choice all around.

I'm going to start frequenting BJ's more, because I had forgotten how delicious their beers were!
Since moving to Vegas I haven't gone to BJ's much because there are so many other options when dining out.
If you're a beer lover, this place is a must try because they are as much of a microbrewery, as they are a restaurant.
Sometimes if they're promoting a certain beer, your server may even offer you a sample.
Or if you're not sure what to get, opt for a flight of "samples".
When it comes to food, BJ's is comparable to Yardhouse or other mid-range bar/grill type places.
I typically go for a couple of their small plates, which are tapas sized appetizers, to start off and my favorite is the mini-bruschetta.
On my most recent visit, I also tried the new corn fritters w/ bacon aioli and an order of their traditional wings, which are pieces of fried chicken with a side of buffalo sauce and a side of ranch.
The food is always fresh...the only issue I've had is that sometimes they deliver food to the wrong table because your server is never the person who brings out the food...not sure why that is because that is typically why each table is assigned a server isn't it?
The burgers, flatbreads, pizza, and appetizers here are all usually pretty tasty and sometimes I have no idea what I want to order.
If you come Mon-Fri during lunch, there's a lunch specials menu you can order off of with pretty decent pricing...I think it starts at $6.95, but I've never tried it so I'm not sure what the portions are like.
The staff here at this location are nice and continuously stop by to check on you.
If you're seated in an area where the server is busy, another server will often stop by and introduce themselves and put in your drink order so that you're not just sitting around like an idiot.
I like that.
They also have a rewards program but sadly you don't get points/credit for alcohol/beer!
This BJ's is always packed when I'm here in the evenings and I can see why!
The bar area is nice with both tables and barstools, and many large TVs, making it a good place to watch sports as well.
I will be coming back a lot more in the future, even if it's only for beer!

Took my family of 4 last night.
We had been here a few times before and it has gone from very good to not so great.
Every visit is a little worse.
Last night will be our last vist.
Waitress was unpleasant and food came out luke-warm.
Not worth waiting 20 minutes for and then paying 85.00 for 4 people to eat dinner.
Pass.

Family-friendly is OK but I recommend that the put they families in the same area.
Overall, a little bit of kid screaming and crying.
Atmosphere is a bit noisy.
Busy Saturday nite; food is fine, however service is the main issue.
Server was nice and friendly.
Eg.
cutlery not available until after the appetizers served; table not clean; my drink, a beer, served 10 minutes at least after my wife's and son's drink were delivered.
Beer list is extensive but does not represent what they have in stock.
Total bill $68 (after $5 coupon).
A bit expensive for the three of us.
My son had a mini pizza, my wife a pulled-pork sandwich, and I the Atlantic salmon.
We had one appetizer and three drinks total.
Given the long waiting for our meal and the cost of bill, we probably won't return.
Not a good deal for the money.

We've seen this place back home in Houston, Tx but had never been.
Our daughter took us while in town and I absolutely loved the home brew.
Had the Maui pork chop and it was very tasty but the red potatoes that it came with so very dry, but the fresh green beans definitely made up for it.

3/16/2014 We spent more time waiting than eating.
45 minute wait for order to arrive, after finally getting a server.
Food : meh Another long wait for dessert.
We were seated quickly and that was the only positive note.
First and last visit.
Absolutely not impressed, really deserves "zero star review".

My husband and I have been here a few times now and it's been awesome every time.
The service is super friendly and helpful, and the food has just been awesome every time.
The mixed drinks are super good but they are a little on the expensive side.
They do have a beer sampler that you can try 5oz tasters of a few different beers, it's a very good price and pretty fun to do.
Depending on the beers you choose you might end up a little buzzed after you try them all, we always do.
Lol We love this place.
We definitely recommend it to everyone we know

This was my third time here, and it was ok.
The restaurant is clean, staff is nice, and the menu has alot to choose from.
Unfortunately the new roast beef dip sandwich wasn't very good.
The meat tasted like the flat top was dirty?
Not sure how else to describe it.
We did enjoy the flatbread pizza appetizer, that was good.
The beer was good too.
I would go back, but just not on the top of my list.

1st time there.
Friendly staff with a clean and inviting atmosphere.
Waited about 5 min to be seated but it was very busy and I now know why.
I had a jalapeo burger, wife had the chili, kids had spaghetti, sirloin steak and chicken tenders.
All were terrific with wonderful flavor.
Total bill came out to $90 which is awesome for 5 ppl.
Until next time!

Well, there is good and bad.
The food is real good and the service is terrible.
Part of the problem is there seems to be different people that bring out the food than the server.
Servers never check to see if you need anything and as others have mentioned they just don't always follow up within a timely manner.
Drink refills take forever and really they hardly ask so you have to flag another waiter down cause your waitress sucks at their job.
Well that is the norm there ..... the waitress suck.
Prettily clear that the manager is hiring eye candy lazy ass girls that don't know how to do a good job.
Also they are famous for not bringing everyones meal out at the same time.
Basically this is all a reflection on the Manager that is responsible for this location.
I wouldn't even give him a chance I'd fire his ass yesterday fire any of the problem waitresses and bring in a crew that really knows how to serve.
Hint manager no one cares if the waitress or waiter looks like a model if the service suck!
Get real hire real waitresses that know what their doing and also you may want to look into any bad methods or polices you have in place for your servers and support staff.
Why?
Cause you suck and there's lots of other restaurants that know how to get it right.
Food: can't complain it's great but the poor service and above average prices for a chain restaurant have sent me elsewhere.
I highly recommend Chicago Brewing Company has better food and service than you at comparable prices.
It's further down the road in Summerland and farther from our home but we go there for the great service and food.
Oh yeah, they brew their own beer there so even the beer is better.
FU BJ and FU to the BJ managers and waitresses.
I'm not coming back anytime soon.
Conclusion: The poor service ruins the dinning experience so you really don't enjoy your meal as much and yeah I really hated paying the bill after being served like that.

I have to say we had the worst experience ever , we had a party of 12 go to dinner last night for my birthday and my friends birthday , we arrived and were sat at 745 pm and we did not get to eat until 9:00 ..   Our server was nice and tried to do a great job , but the MANAGEMENT sucks , she was clearly over sat in her area and they came and stood by our table and watched then walked away.
Half of our group is in the food and beverage industry and they even felt as though management did not do there job ..   All I can say is thanks for ruining my birthday dinner , I use to love eating and drinking at your restaurant but I will never recommend or eat at your restaurant again , and I will complain all the way up through your organization .

This place is always popping in the Centennial area, but it's really because people are too lazy to drive further out and come here cause it's close to their suburbia utopia, not because of food quality.
The service here is always nice and I never have trouble with them, though the pricing here is not equal to the food quality.
Even the beers are just "meh".
That Strawberry Splash though is the business, can't complain about that.
Majority of the time, the pizzas are overcooked and the sandwiches are slapped together with the blandest ingredients cheap budget can buy.
Most of the time I'm here I just get some sort of pasta, you can't really fuck up noodles.

It was Monday at 10:30pm...we were so happy they were open.
Pleasant server, fast service...calamari was very fresh

Ok read my tip .. And my review is the establishment has to be watched as double charging is not tolerated and we all work hard for our money.
Not only was the boneless chicken wings under par but mC Donald's does it better and for only 4.99 for 20 ..
So to tally 1 dinner and 1 sent back and 3 drinks cost us 89.$ later !
This is not the first time we have been over charges after leaving this restaurant ..
Beware!

Last two times we came here the food wasn't great and both times I had hair in my food.
:(   Don't get the deep dish pizza - no sauce of cheese.
The regular pizza us pretty good.

Ive been to BJ's dozens of times and typically have always had a good experience until yesterday.
The service has always been good and there is definitely no issue there.
I went to this location on Sunday with my parents and my mom and I both ordered the sirloin steak - medium.
Ive ordered this plenty of times before and its always been good... not Outback good, but definitely decent.
Yesterday's came out like it had been cremated.
The char was so thick it couldn't be cut off.
My steak was grey with no pink and charred.
My moms was the charred on the outside and bleeding in the middle.
I sent mine back and my mom thought she could salvage hers.
The waiter was awesome, service was great.
Manager came out and apologized and I told him that I wanted it just like the picture, no char.
What did I get.... the same amount of char and a pink middle.
Took one bite and there was no other taste than the char.
Literally, all you could taste was the burnt meat.
Sent it back again and the manager came out again.
I was informed that two weeks ago all the steaks had changed and this is the way they are doing them now.
Why I am writing this post... just to let others know about the change, since BJ's didn't feel the need to change its images on the menu and didn't mention it to us when we ordered.
So, long story short, ordered the steak, sent it back twice.
Decided to not even try and go with the Chicken Pot Stickers.
They rocked.
By the time I got my food, everyone at the table was of course finished with their meals.
I was a little surprised that after all that, the manager didn't ever offer to comp anything.
I don't mind paying for what we ate and its not an issue that we were charged, but I was just a bit surprised it wasn't even offered.
I didn't ask, but left disappointed in the whole experience.
Will we go again?
Yeah, probably for Happy Hour and stick to the appetizers.
But not going to go expecting a good meal.

Worst experience ever!
I ordered a Brewhouse Burger, which, according to the menu comes with sauteed onions.
I asked for "no tomato, instead more sauteed onions".
A reasonable request I'd think.
Well, the Burger came WITH tomato and NO sauteed onions.
Well, no problem one would think....
I pointed it out to the waiter.
He told me that the onions are on there....
Seriously?
I took the burger apart in front of him: not a single onion.
He still insisted they are on there!
Ok, called for the original waitress, she also told me that the onions are on there.
I am not so sure what that is all about - 2 people starring at at burger with no  onions tell me that there are onions on there.
I asked for the manager.
He immediatley started telling me that there are onions on the burger.
(which they had already taken).
To sum that joke up.
3 people were calling me either stupid or a liar even though the evidence was RIGHT BEFORE THEIR EYES.
No words of excuse - the waitress put on a big ol fake smile like she is laughing about me.
The beer took  15 minutes.
Unacceptable.
NEVER AGAIN!

We went to BJ's every once in a while because it was close and the food was decent.
However recently service quality has seriously slipped.
The waitress was cocky (not in a funny way - rather in an obnoxious way).
The beer took forever.
I mean they have beer on tap why does it take like 20 minutes to get one even though the store was barely half-full?
The food is ok, but not great.
A little overpriced too.
Probably not going here again any time soon.
They need to up their game.

The food is decent, but the service is the worst in town!
We have gone twice just to see if it was a bad night, and the same lousy service was had!
If you expect a meal under 2 hours, go somewhere else!
They barely refill drinks, the waiter took 25 minutes to even take our order, it was absolutely awful!

Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #169 - #365  We were with spending time with our family friends and decided to dine out.
We decided on BJ's because my Mom was familiar with the BJ's in California and we always have a good experience.
Through the huge swivel door, you're greeted into this urban style restaurant that you'll find any other BJ's franchise.
The floorplan is almost the same as the one we return to in California but a little smaller.
Food and service was ok and there was nothing to fault on.
To sum it up, it was just average and nothing spectacular.
If I were to come back, I would just hit the bar for some good craft beer and bar food.

I stopped into BJ's the night of June 26, 2014  and I ordered a 6' combo pizza and a calamari appetizer.
They were both very good.
I will be back.
It was about 8:00 PM and the place was PACKED.
I saw the young lady who was the working carry area out as I was walking in.
She was literally running to a car with an order.
She must have run back to take my order.
Very friendly with great customer service skills.
I asked her if they were usually this busy during the week and she said "NO".
She handled the people waiting and those who continued to pour in.
Great job and I made sure to give her a nice tip.
I checked out the many TV's while waiting and seemed like my order was up in no time.
It's a nice place with reasonable pricing..

Arrived around 2:30pm.it took an hour for our food after placing order.we were a family of six.three of us got our food and it was another 15 minutes before the other 3 got theirs.all burgers were ordered well done and two arrived to us barely medium.needless to say after everyone was finished eating, it was yet another 25 minute wait before the last two of the group got their fixed order.the food is ok at best.servers try,but in all,this was not a plea sent experience by any means.this place has too many issues.would not recommend and will not EVER return here.

Came for a quick bite to eat and a cocktail...20 minutes to acknowledge us after we were seated!
Drinks and food are good but service is lacking!

