Called this company to see if they cold come out and take a look at my unit.
They were recommended by the Air Conditioner manufacturer, on the manufacturers website.
when we bought our home, we recieved the manual, but not the install receipt.
So we were not sure if we were stil covered by warranty,  Therefore, i was trying to reach the manuacturer.
The manufacturer website refers you to local dealers,  so I called Emmett Air.
The lady was excpetionally rude.
She was short, and frustrated and gave me the third degree.
i told her I thought I was bothering her, and she said "actually you are, I;m very busy.
"  I asked her if they could come out, she said, "Why?
why would you pay us $64 to come out and tell you it needs replacing?
" Seriously, it seems that simply by being an AC company in AZ, rude service can survive.

Emmet Air is our HVAC company of choice.
Note the business's name only has one 't' in it.
We have utilized Emmit on at least three occasions in the last 7 years.
Misty and other office help have always been extremely polite.
The technician shows up at the promised time and  is very knowledgeable.
Malfeasance goes on in just about every industry, and in HVAC it shows up in examples such as this -- Service mgr barks to his crews, "Okay, each of you guys have to sell a compressor today" (a big expense, high mark-up item).
Sure enough, each of the techs during the course of the day's service calls, manage to find a compressor that's 'shot' and needs replacing.
Curious how that is!
Emmet appears to have built their reputation by integrity and doing only the repairs needed.
That's why I'm proud to recommend them!

Not the HVAC company of choice.
I found them at the Maricopa Home and Garden show.
We scheduled an appointment for today.
I left work early to ensure I was at the house at least 30 minutes before them.
They did not show, did not call to say they would be late, nothing.
Very poor service.
If a customer is treated like this by sales when trying to buy a $7000 air conditioner, I can only imagine how bad it would have been with their service calls.

