I've been a credit union owner for three years now.
I'm not exactly sure what all the benefits are, so this review is really based on the location & services provided versus the benefits of being a member of a credit union.
So for those reasons of the betterment of my finances that I am unaware of... 1 star :]  Facilities:    Obviously like any bank, they provide tellers & ATM's.
Nothing special, all the necessary goods here.
Employees:   They're all pretty nice & know what they're doing.
I guess what's cool is that once you're a regular they stop asking for your ID & pin and stuff making the trip faster..
Okay, sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name ;] 3 Stars.
Parking:  Really cramped..
I don't really blame them.
I guess they never really saw the need for a huge lot.
However, this means one less star today :[  Like I said, not sure how it's supposedly fancier than a bank..
I get in, out, and move on.

I was able to get in and out on a very timely manner.
I had a several questions which Kathleen answered, I opened a checking account, got a direct deposit slip for my employer all within 10min.
As I walked into the teller area she greeted me from afar and welcomed me over to her booth.
Quick, easy, no line at 9:20am.

I've been with them for 15+ years and never had any problems until now.
With their new upgraded computer system, I can not get into my account on a regular basis.
Today, I found out their collections department department cashed my CD of $20,000 bec.
I was 2 payments behind ($900) and decided to pay off a loan I had with them WITHOUT my permission!!
No one has called me back (although I've left messages with the manager and collections supervisor) except the clerk Skyler in collections who decided to do this on her own without my authority and agreement.
Tomorrow, I will be pulling out the rest of my CD money bec.
who knows where else they will decide to put my money.

I have been going to the Clark County Credit Union for 10 years now and I absolutely love this location and the employees there.
Everyone there is always so helpful and very friendly, there really care about there customers!
I highly recommend going to this location..

