The guys at Varsity were prompt and professional.
They called me at my office to confirm my appointment and they gave me a discount on the termite estimate.
All good things especially when you're renting and you have to show your landlord a bill.
Plus, they were all pretty hot (which has nothing to do with their work, but it made for a better day).

Professional, neat, prompt.
Tony, owner came out for estimate, and explained exactly what would occur for termites.
Workers were professional and courteous, very neat.
The termite holes they drilled are small, evenly spaced and hardly noticeable.
Most peoples are sloppily drilled and huge.
A plus company, if looking for pest control, highly recommend.

Haven't had treatment YET, we close on our home in February.
I will use them in Febuary though.
This company is A on excellent customer service.
Our new soon to be home, is bank owned.
So we have limited access, with a couple termite issues.
So most companies today seem like until you own the home they will not give you the time of day.
Luckily Tony Listened to my situation and was very thorough and professional.
I am so thankful!!
Thank you!

Called this company to get termite inspection, They showed up on time were very professorial, spent good 30 min, walking around the house, combined with some education about termite.
The guy was very nice polite and knowledgeable.
And on top of all the good things,They did it for no charge.
Will definitely  use them for all my pest control needs in the future.
Simply fantastic.

I recently purchased a house and knew from the home inspection that there were termites in the garage.
Tony from Varsity came over for a free estimate the day after I called him and was able to schedule the extermination that same week.
Both men were very polite and  informative about their findings.
Because the flooring was ripped out, they went beyond the garage and continued the very thorough treatment throughout the house for preventative measures.
They even did a walkthrough with me after, listing off everything that had been done.
Although I hope I don't have to anytime soon, I would definitely use Varsity again or recommend them to anyone with bug problems!
Thank you Varsity for promptly getting rid of all the creepy crawlies in my house!

We called several companies to give us estimates for termite extermination and we found Tony and Varsity to be the best.
He came out and was very professional, informative, and more knowledgable than the other two.
His price was fare and we chose his company over the others because he was so thorough during the inspection/estimate.
The workers came out today and I was impressed by their work and professionalism as well.
They worked for 4 hours straight in 103 degree heat without a break.
They cleaned up so well I couldn't even tell they had been there!!!
When they were finished they walked us through and told us everything they did and gave us detailed invoice as to what they did as well.
I was very impressed and now I hope I don't have anymore termites.
I chose their 5 year warranty plan which was a little bit less than the other companies.
Thanks Varsity, I will recommend you to all my friends and neighbors.

I am a real estate broker and use them for all our termite inspections.
Very pleased!
They are prompt and flexible with their schedule.

