Robher showed up on time, knew exactly what our plumbing problem was, and fixed it promptly.
He also explained what he was going to do.
Very pleasant and professional person.
Would definitely recommend him.

My home warranty sent out AM PM Plumbing.
They rep said he would call me back after he was out and never did.
I called them and spoke to the rudest person ever in customer service.
She was the worst ever!!!!
I called the home warranty company and they sent out Straight Line Plumbing.
Best company!!
Come to find out the tech said the job was too hard and did not want to do it so that is why he did not call back.
Straight Line Plumbing tech was out and fixed the problem in 3 hours  The tech they sent out was sloppy dressed, pants hanging off his ass and very unprofessional.

Sorry to see others had issues...we had a good experience.
Had major back-up, called home warranty (Old Republic) and within about four hours we had a service tech at the house and clearing out the clog.
The office lady who called was pleasant and the tech himself was very professional and efficient.
He tested sinks to make sure all clogs were gone.
Very happy with overall service.

I also have an Old Republic home warranty and they sent AM PM to my house (didn't really have a choice).
Laurence was dispatched and called on his way.
He was very informative and honest with me.
He made sure I was aware of everything before he worked.
He called to make sure everything was covered by warranty first, as well.
He told me he didn't want any surprises for anyone.
He took this very seriously.
I had an estimate from another plumbing company (which has 5 yelp stars currently) wanting almost $600 for a simple repair.
Their bid didn't include any breakdown for labor/parts.
Just a sentence describing the repairs and that hefty price tag.
No thanks!
AM PM would have charged about $350 for the work.
Thanks to the home warranty I only paid $55 though.

Garbage.
This is the only word I have for this company.
Found the cheapest and quickest solution to help me out.
I was told on the phone they would check for mold and repair the drywall which never happened.
When the tech came I was told the drywall damage was secondary damage and wouldn't be fixed unless I paid more than the fee my home warranty cost.
So I paid $60 for a new $3 over flow gasket and he was on his way.
What a waste of time and money.

It's a shame you can't give 0 stars.
I'm not usually that harsh, but this place was a AWFUL.
I called the warranty company (Old Republic) and they sent these jokers, well joker, out same day because none of the 3 toilets and 2 showers drained....
Came out same day within a few hours, so far so good, flushed the toilets and turned on the showers and of course they didn't drain.
Option 1: pull the toilet and snake the line.
Option 2: install a cleanout because the house is old.
Opted to install the cleanout and guess what -the office AT AM/PM will call me the next day to set an appointment.....the next day?
What are you doing now?
I mean I'm reasonable, but no shower or toilet for 2 days??
They come out next day, do option ......1, why didn't you do this yesterday - you said it would cause a big mess, small mess and NO resolution with a 100 foot snake.
Tech-Will/William-- proceeded to explain warranty work isn't making the company money (translation, I don't care you don't have any drainage-you and your family can crap outside because we are working for peanuts- hey genius, NOT my problem).
Said we would have to wait another day to have a locator service use a camera ($225)and find the problem and the warranty company....wouldn't pay for that and then maybe 1-2 days later we could find out the problem and dig up a huge hole to find the problem.
In the end, called Apple Plumbing in Scottsdale.
Came out same day, Grant was courteous, on time, AND FIXED THE PROBLEM with a 75 foot line from the roof, the tech used about 65 feet of his line (from the roof-vent, no need to remove the toilet) and AM/PM told me he couldn't fix it with 100 foot line (lies lies).
Just FYI -Don't flush Costco Kirkland "flushable" wipes, they don't break down.
Stay away from AM/PM and call a quality professional company.
OLD REPUBLIC WILL NOT SEND AM/PM if you refuse them as a provider.

They have been out to our house four times because of the home warranty and once resolved the problem once.
Terrible, Terrible!

Stay far away!
I used them through my home warranty company for my leaky tub, and was really disappointed.
1- They showed up, re-caulked my tub, and charged me my $60 co-pay.
When I ran the tub later on I saw the issue was never fixed.
Water continued to leak.
2- I scheduled a day for the plumber to come back.
After sitting around all afternoon (on a beautiful day), he never showed up.
I tried calling the office multiple times to check on the ETA, but they never answered.
They NEVER answer the phone.
And they are NOT available 24/7.
They rarely ever call you back.
The plumber called me back after my window ended to say he could come the next day instead, which was fine with me as long as the tub was repaired.
The plumber came the next day and fixed the leak.
He then proceeded to say that he SHOULD have checked those pipes the first time he came.
3- I recently checked my credit card statement and saw that they charged me another $60 for the second visit, even though they shouldn't have.
I emailed and they never got back to me.
I called and spoke to the manager last week, and he never got back to me.
Yesterday I told them I would write a Yelp review if the issue wasn't resolved.
Surprise-- they called me back, but only to tell me that they only charged me once and that I needed to double check my statement.
They said that they get a lot of phone calls from people who "think they are overcharged".
I almost wonder if they are just running a scam.
I  sent them my statement that clearly showed their error.
I still haven't heard back, and they are now in dispute with my credit card company.
This company is such a pain to work with.
Find another plumber!

Stay AWAY from this company!
Our home warranty company sent this company out to fix our water heater.
Our home warranty covered the heater but they charged us $300 for new supply lines, a new vent (which is the same one that was there before), and $20 to 'install' a pan I supplied.
So on top of the fee they got from the HW company, plus my $60 service fee, they charged an additional $320 for about $30 in parts at a 1000% markup.
They charged for work they didn't do and outrageous prices to do very minimal work.
When I called to confront AMPM, the manager Deeann hung up on me and told me there was nothing she could do.

