A new and very welcome addition to Newington takeaways - fast food, but healthy.
That's their aim, and they succeed very well.
Only been once so far, but was hugely impressed at the tastiness and quality of what I had.
The big plus for me is that you can get something a bit more substantial than a sandwich (and they plan to open later than the sandwich/coffee places nearby) without going for something as big (and potentially unhealthy) as a chippie, kebab, Chinese or Indian...    You get a choice of fillings in a choice of naan, wrap or panini, which gives a fair bit of scope for experimentation, and they all look a lot more filling than a sandwich, for about the same price (£3.50).
Plus, friendly staff, nice drinks and a loyalty card.
I think my loyalty card will be getting well used.

It's certainly healthier than a pizza / chippy / kebab and it's fairly quick so I would recommend giving them a chance if you are in the area.
We parked our bums down inside to eat and the place itself has a good vibe we also had some easy chat with the staff about their food philosophy and a bit of general banter.
The price was good so that made me worry that the food itself would be cheaply made or not a lot of it but it was very satisfactory.
If I'm honest, the menu system was slightly confusing or too much like hard work for this zombie-consumer who prefers to point, grunt then eatMy girlfriend either ordered the wrong thing as a consequence or was given the wrong thing (because of this system) and she's not as daft as me!
She ate it and enjoyed it anyway though.
I'll go back.

Flip!
Healthy Fast Food, to give the place its full title, is bright  and welcoming, with a vibrant range of items on offer.
They are committed to delivering healthy lunchtime food, which is good news.
Their flavour combinations are somewhat unusual.
The lentil soup had an awful lot of red pepper in it, making it glowingly orange, but giving it a quite unexpected flavour, which I'm not sure entirely worked.
The haggis and tzatziki wrap sounds a bit wrong, but actually worked pretty nicely.
Overall, we said: "Flip was pretty good.
Service was friendly and helpful, although it was quite pedestrian, which didn't seem very well aligned with their "fast food" notion, but that was fair enough with me.
Their flavour combinations were fresh, although I have a feeling they might be only intermittently successful.
Certainly, the place is worth a visit, next time you're looking for tasty lunchtime snacks in the Newington neighbourhood.

I've been past this place more than once, and today I was finally feeling hungry as I went past so I decided to pop in for a wrap for lunch.
The wide variety of fillings on offer, the friendly and efficient staff, the fact that my wrap was pretty damn tasty...yep, this place is pretty great.
Will be back next time I'm in the area!

I've been in Edinburgh three weeks now and I have already been here too many times to mention (with a loyalty card the 9th meal is free) it's quick, easy, cheap and (especially with chimmichurri sauce) very tasty.
The staff are friendly and genuine, while I was having my steak wrap I was being told of a the pubs, bars and sites I should visit and where to avoid when August rolls around.
This place is simply made of win.

