Bleck!
A friend and I were in the area and decided to give this place a try - without checking it out first..
mistake!!!
Should've guessed it was a crappy chain but we live and/or learn.
First, the guy taking our orders was about as helpful as a gnat and equally annoying.
Seemed put out that we were looking the menu over, we had to practically squeeze 2 word answers out of him.
I love eel so I went with the unagi veggie bowl.
I had a feeling I shouldn't have gone for the $9.25 bowl but I did.
I feel robbed!!!
Placed on top of about 3 servings of rice were a few strips of grilled eel, very fatty with skin on.
A little teriyaki sauce squirted on top.
Then a large side of PLAIN steamed veggies - no sauce, no grill marks, wok marks, nothing!
I'm not a fan of Chinese or Japanese food drowning in sauce, but when you have horribly bland veggies they need something!!
My friend went with the chicken teriyaki bowl, pretty simple right?
Wrong.
There was plenty of chicken...dry, stringy, greasy, over-breaded chicken, over about 4 servings of rice.
Oh, and a little squirt of teriyaki.
I almost asked to try a little to see for myself but it looked so unappetizing I opted not to.
I was surprised how many people came in while we were there, it's not good food.
I guess they like the quantity over quality.
Oh, and the difference between a dine in/take out order?
They saw the clamshell in half.
Is that a huge savings?
Seems cheesy.
Especially for a $9.25 rice bowl.
For the same price I could've had a great meal (enough for 2 meals) @ Pe!We!, they actually wok their veggies and have...whats that stuff....
FLAVOR!

I looked at the menu online and I was actually excited to try this place.
I knew it wouldn't be authentic Japanese cuisine but all my favorites were on there.
Who can turn down fast and convenient teriyaki bowls?
While we were there I also decided to get a sushi roll.
That was definitely a mistake.
It was filled with mushed up imitation crab and old avocado.
On the side was some dried up ginger slices and super bright radioactive green wasabi paste.
The yakisoba noodles were not as bad.
There weren't enough vegetables and the chicken was kind of dry.
I really like the noodle bowls at Samurai Sam's and these looked like they would be the same but weren't nearly as good.
Overall, even though I didn't care for my meal I would consider giving it another try since it is so convenient if it weren't for the price.
My husband said I just needed to lower my expectations and think of this place as the Asian Taco Bell.
But at least Taco Bell has 99¢ burritos.
We paid over $20 for two at Yogis.

Really good always fresh!
I tend to pre-order that way I don't have to wait a while and sometimes the lunch rush Monday through Friday can get a little hectic!
Usually is pretty busy inside... Not super cheap but the price is reasonable and I wish they're sushi list was a little better but I can't really complain considering it's fast food :) I would recommend !
(They also have punch cards that's a nice perk as well!

Arizona bowl is great,  teenage boys claim the best teryiyaki chicken in the Valley.

I cannot put into words how happy this restaurant makes me, the food is simple but delicious, perfect rice every time.
If it was served on expensive plates I could easily justify paying an extra $3 a plate!!

I was there yesterday for lunch.
I got some veggie noodles along with rice.
Taste was ok (nothing impressive).
Not sure why I was served rice.
I would have preferred a lot more veggies in the noodles than bland rice.
The water was chlorinated and it was pretty bad.
I had a couple of sips and I am down with soar throat and cold.
I am not going back here, ever.

The service was friendly and it seemed clean.
You place your order with the cashier, get your  drink, napkins, fork and sauces and then sit down.
They brought out our food in a timely manner.
If you like a bowl that is filled 3/4 full with rice and then a few ingredients put on top, you will love this place.
For me, this was not a good experience.
I had the small Arizona bowl.
While the portion size was generous, it was 3/4 rice.
On the top they put a scoop of mushed up imitation crab meat in some mayo and a sliced up avocado.
That was it.
No sauce, no flavoring, no nothing.
You can get teriyaki and soy sauces from the counter but, the bowl was  filled so full that you couldn't mix anything in until you had eaten the crab and avocado off the top.
My g/f got a small chicken teriyaki bowl.
This was also a bowl 3/4 full of rice with a few pieces of chicken on top and a very cafeteria tasting teriyaki sauce on the top.
I pictured them in the kitchen having a whole bunch of prepped bowls 3/4 full of rice just waiting to slap one or two ingredients on the top to fill the orders.
With so many good restaurants nearby (Sandellas right next door) I don't think this place will last for long.

Had lunch here today.
The salad I had was crisp and fresh.
The chicken had a great taste.
The portions were very good.
The place was clean.
The service was fine.
For fast food and selection we will be back.

I hit this place for lunch a couple of time a month.
Food is standard fast food teriyaki, and gets 3 stats, but young kid who works the counter is well mannered and friendly.
That's pretty hard to find in a service worker these days.
He gets 5 starts

Wish I could give this place a good review, having eaten there multiple times but today it was just too much.
There were four people ahead of me, two couples who all placed large orders.
I watched one couple get the wrong order three times, they were still there when I walked out.
It didn't seem like the cashier knew his head from a hole in the ground and constantly kept asking people what they had ordered.
In the end I never got my food, which I had paid for, and just walked out as I had spent my entire lunch break waiting.
I won't say avoid this place entirely, just avoid them around the lunch hour.
They will leave you waiting.

WARNING: GIANT BLACK HAIR IN FOOD!!!
I wish could give this place negative stars, not just for the disgustingness of the above statement, but for the handling of the situation afterward.
We ordered Yogi's for takeout for our family of 3 fairly good eaters.
I was only a few bites into my large Teriyaki chicken/beef combo, when my fork produced a THICK, 10-INCH LONG BLACK HAIR.
Nothing is quite as awe-inspiring as a LONG BLACK HAIR, DRIPPING TERIYAKI SAUCE, on the fork you had been putting into your mouth.
Yum.
So impressive was this sight, in fact, that it inspired my entire family to throw their food away and eat PBJs for the night.
I'm not unreasonable.
And I get that, even in this age of Health Compliance, Hairnets, and Ponytails, sh*t happens.
Just be a little more careful next time and give me my money back.
NOPE!
I called YOGI's to let them know I wasn't interested in their hair products.
A polite, yet ineffective kid answered the phone.
After telling me the manager, Brian, was gone for the evening he asked why I needed the manager, and "MAYBE" he could help.
He couldn't, but that didn't stop him from wanting to hear the whole story before letting me know that.
He told me to call back the next day at 5PM.
NOPE!
"Sorry, you just missed him.
Try again this time tomorrow.
"  NOPE!
"sorry.
"  The day after that I called at 2:30 just to give Brian a little well-deserved nap time.
NOPE!
"Wow, he never leaves this early.
" Truly a fascinating oddity.
Next day, 11:30AM, "dees bryn.
" F**KING GREAT!!
You see, Brian apparently doesn't speak English very well.
I have absolutely no problem with other cultures or people seeking their pot of gold in America.
In fact, I think it's great.
It's just difficult to communicate OVER THE PHONE, with somebody who knows 12 words of English.
Next thing I know, the kid is back on the phone, acting as Brian's semi-translator.
They let me know that, if I can get there before 5pm (this is a work day), and produce my receipt from 4 days ago, BRIAN WILL LOOK AT IT.
Not provide me with a fee meal, or give me back my money.
LOOK AT IT.
F*CK the ranger, Boo Boo?
NO F*CK YOU, YOGI's.
I won't be back.

the food is good, well i only eat the teriaky chicken or beef bowls so i can't judge the rest but the reason for the 1 star is because , it's closed on sundays.
and i live right next to this place.
i've never heard of a restaurant closed on sundays, specially a  fast food restaurant.

I work very close to the place so it use to be a good spot to eat.
But they close 8:00 on a Saturday nite.
No other place in the area closes before 9:00.
Also staff decides to start shutting down even before 8:00.
Not friendly people.
I felt like they didn't want me there so they could lock the doors and leave.
Still had 30 min before closing.

