This new buffet lives in the former home of King Buffet 2000.
It has new management yet the same ownership, we hear.
Anyhow, it hasn't changed completely, which is fine, because it was good before!
I was joined today by Lynn W. Robyn N, & Mike C. for the lunch buffet.
There are both booths & tables, they have erased all the silly stuff off of the front windows, such as "cozy", which this big place certainly is not, & there is now a Mongolian BBQ!
All in all, the buffet features 96 food items not including sauces & dressings.
The salad bar was excellent, as was the taste of the Mongolian BBQ plate I had them cook up.
Plenty of other treats awaited on the regular hot tables, including the Pineapple Chicken, the Egg Foo Young, & the many shrimp dishes.
I thought the food tasted great here & it's a high 4 Stars from me!
Lunch Buffet $8.99/$8.09 Sr. including beverage.
:-))

I was here for lunch last week with Rand H. Robyn N. and Mike C.  The food was fine.
They offered several good shrimp dishes.
Pinapple Shrimp, Shrimp with vegetables, Shrimp with corn, and fried shrimp to name a few.
They were all good.
Fried rice was tasty too.
The service was fast with refils on drinks.
I was not too impressed with the entrance though.
There is a big crack in the tile at the entrance which looks tacky in my opinion.
But then again, this is a chinese buffet so...... All in all not the best I've had but A-OK.

Had lunch here with Robyn N. and Rand H. the food here was ok and I liked it better before they did the so called renovation.All they did was add a mongolian BBQ and wash the windows.
Some of my favorite things on the buffet were gone so I am dropping them down to 3 stars but still it was a good lunch.

This place had the worst food ever.
Don't go here.
It's overpriced too!

The worst!!
If I could give it a zero I would!
My son and I went in Saturday evening, we had never eaten at this establishment before and thought we would try it.
Big mistake.
The food was crusted over from sitting so long, crab legs dried out, potatoes were floating in grease, There was not one thing that looked fresh.
I returned to the table and my son had a bowl of ice cream he was eating which he didn't finish because it didn't taste right.
When the manager walked over to the table and asked if everything was ok, I told her the issues and asked for my money back.
She stated we had been there too long and refused a refund.
The price for both of us was $22.00.
I wasn't going to stand and argue over $22.00.
The place was dirty, tables not cleaned off,  dirty napkins all over the floor.
Just nasty.
Do not waste your time or money.
I should have known better for $11.00 buffet!

I love the place !!!!
Especially the Chicken Wings

My jaw just dropped to see that this place even has 3 stars!
I just got home from eating at this place and I still feel disgusted.
Dear yelper friends, I tried, I seriously tried to give this place a chance.
Especially after I paid $12.00 for a Sunday lunch!
Sadly, every single item I tried was absolutely awful!
Everything including the most basic foods like mac & cheese and fried rice were tasteless and stale.
I hardly ever write reviews but the humanitarian in me just needed to warn everyone: you will instantly regret eating here!
Run away!

I used to love this place!!
I used to go just about every week faithfully.
One day, I decided to be brave and try their clams.
They were good, but there was a piece of shell hiding underneath the clam and I bit into it!
That really upset me, and hurt my mouth, so I told my server what happened.
She brought a manager over, and all she said was,"Sorry, that's never happened before.
"  Then kind of shrugged it off.
They should have a sign to warn people that pieces of shells might be floating in there, and I shouldn't have had to pay for my meal when the shell completely ruined my apetite.
I have never gone back since; I am deeply disappointed.

Mandarin used to be called King Buffett.
I've been dining here for lunch and supper for eleven years.
Something must draw me back.
I know it's not the stomach ache I always get afterwards, but most likely the close proximity to my home...and the variety of food.
As with many buffets, you pay as you enter.
Someomne seats you and takes your drink order and then you head to the buffett.There's a wide variety of food from which to choose, so everywone should be able to find something to eat.
The dessert table is well stocked, too.
I believe they have done away with the fresh sushi bar, but I was always hesitant to eat from there anyway.
Yeah...I'll be back.

yeah it finally closed.
nnnnnext!
so far no occupiers as of JULY 2014

i live close and have been there under both mng.
( i think is the same anyway) i ate here in the 10 th of May i was not gone 10minutes when after eating i got terribly sick horrible diahrea... now its not me IT WAS THAT OLD BAD FOOD amised with fresh..   i never get sick , i shoulda went to the hospital to put this on record... never AGAIN  dont care i=f its frtee not wirth getting sick !

Sadly, this place has closed down... :(

= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =  Yes, so sad to have just lost this nice Buffet!
:-(

