These guys are great.
Personable and great with communication - and they came in with an estimate at about 50% of two other quotes.
They were able to do the work needed, without pressuring me to take care of other things that could wait to be done at a later date.
I wll definately re-use for future jobs and will recommend to anyone that wants to hear.

I found them on yelp.
Ryan called me back right way.
He is friendly and professional on the phone.
After determining that maybe I should call a plumber and buy a new dryer, he did not even charge me for the time he spent.
That is above what I expected.
I will be using them in the future.
Called them in a couple of weeks for water heater replacement.
Ryan was again responsive and fair on the price.

Ryan is the best!
We had a fridge go on the fritz, and after reaching out on Facebook I got Ryan's phone number from a property management contact.
He answered the phone right away, took plenty of time on the phone with me and squeezed me into his busy schedule.
Once here with his partner Shane, they quickly narrowed down the repair options and presented me with my options.
No hard sell or bs, just my options.
I decided to go for the repair and they returned when promised with the part for a successful repair.
I would recommend Ryan to anyone in need of handyman or maintenance services!
ARMS rocks!

Yay!
I found handymen I can count on.
I called these guys after reading their other reviews.
Completely professional, smart, kind, and just all around great.
They set a time in the not so distant future, arrived exactly on time, and did nothing but work.
They cleaned up, even dusting an area where a TV they put up had once sat.
I've now got them on my speed dial.
And costs are very reasonable.
They also did some minor faucet work, which was great; I definitely didn't want to call a plumber unless I had to.
No worries about that now.

Our property management team has pegged Ryan and Arizona Rapid Maintenance Services as a preferred vendor.
We have had a working business relationship with ARMS since 2010 and have utilized Ryan and his team for countless services.
Response time is stellar, professionalism is top notch, invoicing is easy to read and timely.
You can count on affordable and reasonable quotes for services and reliable workmanship from Arizona Rapid Maintenance Services.

