Want 100% natural & fresh hispanic desserts and yummy treats.
Come here!
Its my husbands favorite.. and he's from El Paso, Tx.
WARNING; No english speaking people or workers available!
Come with translator or good fingers to point items out.
Our favorites;  Elote En Vaso (corn in a cup with butter, mayo, cheese & hot sauce) medium $3 & large $ 5   Magonadas  $3 (frozen mango juice w/brown sugar in a sauce)   Banana Split $5 (different ice cream flavors w/banana, whip & toppings)  They have other delectable treats such as;  - Licuados (shakes) - cocos frescos  - chocolate covered bananas $3 - paletas (fruit ice cream bars) - manzanas decoradas (candy apples) - nachos  small; $1.50 large; $3 - churros $1  PLUS LOTS LOTS MORE!

Oooooooooooo the best ever.
I rarely write reviews....
But this a MUST!!!
Food amazing... service top notch!!!
Thank you Juan!!!
We will be soooo back.

Delicious!
Smelled amazing the second I walked in.
I bought the duritos, elote en vaso, and fruta picada.
All were awesome.
No complaints as far as tastes go.
I swear I got ripped off though.
It was $14 for all those items.
That sounds a little much... Next time I'm coming back and must get the fresh fruit drinks.

Fresh fruit, great ice creams with fresh ingredients and other Mexican favorites such as elote (corn on the cob with cheese, butter, chili and mayo) & Mangonadas!
The place is small (you can see the photos I have posted) but very clean and the people and service are wonderful.
Thnaks Yelp for leading me here!

Came back to take some friends to my favorite secret hot spot.
They were super busy!
Thats great to see.
So i assume this place isnt such a secret anymore ;)  The lady taking orders spoke perfect english, which was great to see.
I'm sure that will really help their business.
its always best to have someone bilingual.
Prices went up.
$1 each item.
Not a huge price hike but enough for me to notice.
I'm sure thats something they had to do because of grocery prices going up.
So its okay with me.
Everything was delicious like always.
I will continue to come back and praise them to everyone we see.
Yum yum in my tum tum.

When I miss home and start craving for mexican street food, I come here.
I usually order the corn with covered with mayo and mexican spice.
I think its called Elotes.
The other thing I get is the fruit with the spices.
If you havent tried it, try it.
Its BOMB!
and its all BARATO LOL  OH they have a water station if you need to get your 5 gallon jugs filled.

Awesome flavors and combinations.
Some of the best ice cream I've had in town.
This is not mere ice cream!
This is frozen custard with pure, fresh ingredients unique to Mexico.
Super friendly and accommodating staff who seem to be just as excited by their ice cream as we were!
Can't wait to come back and try everything on the menu.

This place is the perfect desert place.
After a nice dinner date its a perfect place to talk and enjoy frosty delights!
There are different variety of desserts from popsicles and ice cream to strawberry water and crepes.
Great service and the place is really clean.
Our first time there they even gave us mango drink to try for free!
Definitely recommend to try this place out :)

not as good as other places with mangonadas, but stll a authentic spot for that sweet fruit and flavor

My husband had a strawberry-banana licuado (smoothie practically liquified) and I had a chamango.
The hubs's licuado was tasty.
Mine, on the other hand, was the worst Chamango I've ever had :(  It was started w/ Chamoy on the bottom then large chunks of fresh mango, then 2 scoops of some mango sorbet then more large chunks of mango.
In between there all that there were layers of Chamoy.
I think I counted 3 ice cubes and then it was topped off w/ Chamoy, a fork and that straw thing w/ spicy stuff (OMG, I grew up in San Diego, you'd think I'd know the proper terms :T).
I'm used to the mango blended w/ ice and sugar then layered w/ the Chamoy and enjoying through a straw, this was too much work and overly sweet!
I was super disappointed especially since when you try to yelp/search for places like this here in Vegas, we got some slim pickins!
We'll be back, but I'll have a go at something other my beloved Chamango.

Got elote during my visit here.
It wasn't amazing but it wasn't bad.
It was pretty cheap too!
I've had better elote but I'd come here again if I'm craving it!
They have a lot of interesting things on their menu and if like to try it all.

My mom and I came here after a grocery trip to 168 Market.
I had been wanting elote for a long time, and this place satisfied my craving.
Their elote was just okay, not too generous with the spread, but it tasted fine, so nothing to complain about.
My mom ordered strawberry crepas, it seemed thin/plain, but she shared with me and it tasted good.
Not too sweet, not too much whip cream.
While we were ordering, I felt as if the lady was rushing us so she could sit in the back room again.
There were no other customers, so I don't get it.
I would come back if I were in the area, but only to try the rest of their menu.

Awesome hole in wall--especially when you're looking for some icy paletas to quench the summer heat.
I went here with some friends for some paletas.
They have over 20 flavors.
I tried the Guava-creamy and fruity.
It you are looking for something more icy and refreshing--try the lime flavor.
They have a lot of other things I want to try there.
Will definitely be back a dozen more times during this summer.

My daughter and I come here whenever we are craving Chamango.
The store is clean and the ladies behind the counter are always friendly.

Sooo....I had trouble finding this place.
Once I found it I wondered why it was so hard for me to find!
So what it was, was this store is combined with a water store.
You can refill your gallon jugs here.
Anyways.
This is the first time I'm trying anything like this.
I saw it on a friend's FB page and had to try it.
It was actually good.
It reminds me of the Mexican candies...the spicy ones on a stick.
Not sure what they are called...but it tastes like that.
Lol.
So it's just mangos in that sauce and a scoop of ice cream.
Mango ice cream.
I'm sure you can ask for another flavor if you like they have other flavors.
The mango wasn't hard...it did get that way later because of the ice cream but that's reasonable.
And it want sour or to mushy...you know the overly ripe ones.
But it was nice.
I did have the ice cream melt a bit and used the straw to eat this.
I did use the fork to eat most of the mangos first...but...good find.
Now I have to go back and try the crepes I saw on the menu...  Btw min $5 charge to use your card.
That's fine because this drink is $5 and some change.
:) just fyi though.
And small place.
Only a few tall tables...worth a try if you haven't already.

Tried the raspados... vanilla was delicious and so was the mango.
The coconut wasnt bad, but I've had better in town.
Will definitely be back to try the elote.

Amazing food & amazing service.
Hugo was very warm & helpful in helping my friend and I decide on what to order.
He also gave us free mini samplers on the house since it was our first time!
I will definitely come back more often.

Went here on a recomnedation of a friend.
Was hoping for out of this world and got a pretty good meal but it missed the expectations that I put on it.
The freshly made gaucamole being made at the table was the highlight of the meal.
It was a nice touch.
The gauc also was really good.
The rest of the meal was okay but not the best I have had of any of it.
Beans and Rice were so so.
The tamles were good but nothing to brag about and the asada taco was good as well but nothing out of this world.
I have had better a cheaper street vendors.
Overall this is a nice authentic sit down resteraunt but nothing that blew my mind minus the guacamole.
I will say the service here was top notch though.
Really enjoyed the friend and attentive atttitudes of all those we met.
I would recomend you give this place a try and make up your own mind.

