Dr. Jason Kanarish at Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital is a caring, knowledgeable Veterinarian that goes above and beyond to help our beloved pets.
He is like the old time doctor who made house visits - except in reverse.
Wait, what?
So my four-legged furry daughter got sick and I ended up taking her to this new place, Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital.
She ended up needing some intervenous fluids along with a funny hair cut on her left front paw (in order to put the IV in).
Dr. Jason recommended she stay overnight, but instead of keeping her in the empty office, he ended up taking my dog home with him for the night!!
Yes, he has a cage next to his bed so he could monitor my baby girl through the night!
His wife and sons all love animals and helped him look after my dog while she was having a slumber party.
He did frequent follow-up calls and all is well with my dog  :) Dr. Kanarish is a such a wonderful human being to have so much concern for our furry family members.
Love this guy.
He is a gem.

I have taken my pup and kitty to Dr. Kanarish a few times and he and his staff are incredible!
When I had my pup spayed, he called to let me know how she did and called a couple days after the surgery to check on her.
Over this past weekend I took both my pup and kitty there for boarding and they emailed me daily with updates.
I am not talking about an auto-generated "everything is great" email, the Dr. emailed me personally giving me details of how they were doing and what they were doing!
Katie even emailed me and described how my kitty was hiding under his pillow and meowing everytime she passed his kennel!
I have been to other vets before and no one can compare to Dr. Kanarish and the Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital staff.
You can tell he loves animals and I wouldn't trust my babies to be in the care of anyone else.

Amazing place.
I took my sweet old dog here when it was her time, since she was uncomfortable and this was so close to my house and had been recommended by a friend.
Dr. Kanarish and his staff were so sympathetic and understanding, especially considering I was in tears for the entire visit.
I was especially moved when the doctor put a large and comfy blanket on the floor of the exam room so I could lay  and comfort my dog until she passed.
This is an incredible office of warm and caring people.
They made a terribly painful experience much easier for me.

This office is so friendly and welcoming!
They are great over the phone and in person.
Dr. K really cares about peoples' pets and is available to talk many times over the phone.
Otherwise, he calls back right away.
He is very detailed and asks questions and has been very helpful with our cats' issues.
I would definitely recommend this office to anybody!

Dr. Kanarish was exactly how I expected he would be by the other reviews I read on Yelp and Google.
His staff was very friendly and the facility is extremely clean.
I have an 8 year old Boxer that needed a large tumor type growth removed from his paw and was given very high estimates from different hospitals.
Phoenix Mountain Animal gave me a very reasonable price on the initial exam and the actual removal, stitches, etc... ended up being much more affordable than any place I had called.
I was originally offered care credit( a payment plan) but I ended up not needing it because the bill was within reason.
I just picked up my dog and he was a little sleepy from the local anesthetic, so we will see how the next few days go.
A great first experience and am planning on transferring all our future visits to see Dr. Karanish.
It's great to see there are honest and compassionate Doctors around.
I hope anyone looking for an exceptional Dr. will consider Dr. Karanish.

Dr. Jason Kanarish is absolutely amazing.
I am a Physician Assistant in surgery, and  appreciated his "bedside" manner as well as medical knowledge, which was phenomenal.
He spent AMPLE TIME with me and answered EVERY QUESTION I had.
Not to mention, he was fantastic with my scared min pin.
I cannot recommend him enough.
The staff is also extremely friendly and helpful!

My vet of 12 years sold his practice and retired.
I wasn't so crazy about the "new" vets so I decided to try Dr. K for a checkup for my 12 year old Aussie mix.
I have most definitely found my "next" vet.
Dr. Karnarish' practice is top notch from walking in the door for the first time to saying goodbye after the visit and exam.
The office is extremely clean and attractive.
Kelly, the front office person, and Darlene, the vet tech both have their dogs in the front desk area, and there's a feeling of caring about both the client and their pet.
When Dr. K came into the exam room he took the time to make friends with my dog before giving her a thorough exam, and explaining options for giving her the best quality of life.
He provided me a printout of cost for the suggestions he'd made, but put no pressure on me to implement anything presently.
Now I have a plan and can budget to give my dog optimum care.
When the exam was over my dog had a big smile on her face - not usual for the vet's office.
She normally just wants to get it over with and get out.
Later in the day I received an e-mail welcoming me to the practice with a link to a portal with all my dog's medical information on it.
Haven't accessed it yet, but love the idea that all her information is in one place where I can quickly review it.
From my experience I would recommend this veterinary practice with 5+ stars.

I can't speak highly enough of Dr. K's bedside manner.
He is great with animals and people.
I always know I am getting good advice when I speak with him.
Good staff as well.
Make an appointment today!

After going to another vet and being disappointed, I found Dr. K.  We've had pets for a very long time and lived in about 8 different places and had vets, I can without a doubt say this is the best practice/vet  I've ever been to.
The front staff and assistants are very nice and very awesome, and all the reviews here complimenting Dr. K are spot on.
The front girl gave our dog water while we waited since he was thirsty.
He's very nice, uses the very latest technology, but the pricing is very fair and he's cognizant of the fact that not everyone has money trees in their backyard.
His exam was very very thorough and was anything but rushed.
Our dog has had an ongoing issue that he solved and he's called our house at least 4 times over the last few weeks to check on "Tank" !
If you're looking for an excellent vet in a very nice environment with reasonable prices I'd highly recommend him.
They're located on the west side of the walmart building/shopping complex on the southeast corner of Tatum and Cactus.

Several months ago my husband and I switched our dog's veterinary care to Dr. Kenarish  after being with another veterinary practice for over seven years.
From our first meeting we were very impressed with him.
The staff (both front office and the Vet Techs) is outstanding and very caring.
They are professional, warm and make a real effort to get to know your pet.
Dr. Kenarish is very knowledgeable and never makes you feel rushed.
He always listens to your concerns, patiently answers all questions and offers suggestions on treatment options.
Our dog is at the stage in his life where medical issues are beginning to surface and we feel he is receiving the absolute best care.
We have also boarded our dog there and have been very pleased.
The daily e-mails the staff sends with updates are most enjoyable and reassuring.
Our dog has also been bathed there and we were very pleased.
We highly recommend Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital.

After spending a great deal of time looking for a good vet.
I finally thought to ask my holistic/rehab/sports medicine vet for a referral and thus found Dr. Kanarish and his great staff.
I really appreciate the way he collaborates with me and educates me about the various options for treating and caring for my 2 young English Springer Spaniel rescue boys.
He clearly loves his patients and gives them the best of his remarkable expertise and attention.
I wish I'd found him sooner!

We love Dr. K and his staff- they truly are the best!
I appreciate how helpful they are when I enter the office trying to wrangle my dog and my toddler through the door.
Also, I feel completely comfortable boarding my dog at this vet- they even send us daily emails about our dog's status and lock-picking attempts.
Thanks Dr. K and staff for taking such good care of our fur baby!

I can't say enough great things about Dr. K and his staff!
I've been taking our animals to him for 1.5 years and he has always treated them with the utmost attention and care.
One of our kitties had a serious heart problem and was visiting Dr. K up to 3 times a week.
At least twice a week and on the weekends Dr. K would call and check up on Mister to see how he was doing.
I've been to my fair share of vets and Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital is by far the best I've been to!
Highly recommended!!

Every time I go see Dr K and his vet techs, they get down on the floor and sit with my dogs, get to know them, get slobby kisses from them, and sincerely care.
Never been to a vet before that tries that hard to make me and my pets comfortable.
Affordable and returns calls promptly.
We're very happy and wouldn't consider going to another vet at this point.

When the terribly sad time came for euthanasia, only one person would I choose.
It would have to be Dr. Kanarish who took such loving care of our beloved 13 year old Fox Terrier.
I woke up that morning and knew it was time.
I called and Dr. K answered the phone.
Through my tears he said to just come in whenever we were ready.
My wonderful son and daughter-in-law arrived immediately to help.
They were very impressed with the staff who jumped up immediately from behind the desk and ushered them to a quiet,peaceful room.
They held her through the loving procedure and were given adequate time and condolences after.
They were so impressed with the thoughtful kindness of Dr. K and his staff.
We were blessed to get to know this wonderful vet.
Later we received a sympathy card.
They truly love animals and know how difficult the final moment is.
God bless him

Dr. K is the best vet!
We have four Dachshunds and he takes great care of all of them.
When we go in for our appointments, the entire staff is friendly and helpful.
Dr. K is very thorough during exams, he knows what he is talking about, and he answers any questions we have.
Best of all, we can tell that he truly cares about our dogs.
You can't beat Dr. K!

We found out about this wonderful place after we had adopted a kitten from "Home 'Fur' Good".
When you adopt a pet from them, they offer you a free first visit and general exam at Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital within the first 2 weeks after the adoption day.
It was free, it was close, the kitten needed her last shot so we went.
We have another cat whom we always take to Arcadia Animal Clinic to see Dr. Bracken and we've been quite happy with them but we quickly found out that Dr. Kanarish was just as wonderful and knowledgeable.
We never felt rushed, he was very patient and attentive, very gentle with our little girl, and I have to say he seemed like a humble person - a precious and very rare quality nowadays.
He never tried to sell us anything or perform any unnecessary tests or procedures.
Initially we were thinking it would be a one time visit, since it was free and close, but now we're switching permanently and taking all our 4 cats to this place because we feel like we cat trust Dr. Kanarish.

I recently moved to Phoenix and finding a vet I like and trust seemed more intimidating than finding a doc for me.
Thank you, Yelp, for helping me find Dr. Kanarish and his terrific staff!
Shortly after a routine visit, during which I was very impressed for all the reasons already cited here, my dog chewed up and swallowed part of a fabric toy.
Dr. Kanarish was wonderful and spared no effort in ensuring my Daisy Dog was well cared for.
He is the best vet we've ever had, and I loved our Tucson vet.
He even checked on Daisy on Thanksgiving morning!
I can't recommend him and Lisa, Kelly, Darlene and Chad enough.
You will be very happy with his services, prices and facility.
And he's just a really nice guy!

I took my pets to Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital today.
Everyone was so friendly and welcoming (from the front desk receptionist, to the vet tech, to the doctor).
As soon as I completed our paperwork, a vet technician brought us into a room and began a routine check up with our dogs.
She asked lots of questions and was very thorough as she took notes about our concerns and questions.
The doctor entered our room with in 5 minutes.
Dr. Kanarish spent a solid 20+ minutes with us as he conducted our dogs' check ups.
He was very knowledgeable and incredibly informative (without being jargony or condescending).
He was gentle and thorough while working with our dogs.
The price for his work was also very reasonable and comparable to other offices.
We left feeling grateful to have found such a wonderful vet and confident that our dogs are in good hands.

We recently moved to the area and needed a new vet.
I used yelp to find this vet and I am glad I did!
Dr. K and his staff are wonderful.
Dr. K really takes his time with you and makes sure all your questions are answered.
We recently kenneled our dogs over Christmas here and I was a bit nervous since it was their first time there.
I was pleasantly surprised to receive daily email updates on our dogs..really made me feel more comfortable.
After Christmas we got a new puppy.
I was concerned she had an ear infection and called Saturday morning to see if I could get her in.
They squeezed her in and Dr. K was again fabulous..
He didn't want me to have to wait all weekend if she had a problem.
I really loved our vet in Wisconsin but am more than pleased with this new clinic!
Highly recommend!!!

I can't say enough about how great this Veterinarian Clinic and how great Dr. K and Staff are.
My dog Gable has been to a lot of Vets in his life and Dr. K was great!!
Unfortunately Gable became too sick and had to be put to sleep.
It was Sunday night and he took a turn for the worse and had to be brought the an Emergency Animal Hospital (I brought him to the one that is recommended on their voicemail).
The next day Dr. K called to offer his condolences.
Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital isn't my regular vet and we only have been here one time, but he still took time out of his day to acknowledge my loss.
That was incredibly kind!
They were prompt, professional, and the fees were reasonable.
They didn't make you feel like you are a jerk for not having $1000's of dollars to spend on your pet and customized treatment accordingly.
Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital will be my regular vet when I get my next dog and will become the regular vet for my Fiancée's dog.

This was the best veterinarian visit my dog, Obadiah and I have ever had.
First, the clinic itself is clean and welcoming.
Second, the staff are friendly and professional.
They even have their own pets behind the desk, indicating their true love of animals.
Third, they are very reasonably priced.
I was first referred here through my pet insurance through my place of work.
Best of all is the vet himself, Dr. K. Obadiah, my airedale terrier, loved him and could not stop kissing him ha!
Needless to say, he is very good with animals, but also stayed to answer all my questions and presented me with options and choices.
I drove out of my way to go to this vet, and now I am glad I did.
Such a great experience.
I have such a peace of mind knowing my dog is in good hands if something comes up.
They were extremely timely, and we didn't hardly even wait for the visit, which was a completely new concept compared to our past experiences with vets.
They really should be commended on the service they offer!

Dr. Kanarish and his staff are wonderful.
When we brought in my Mom's very sick siamese cat, Max.. Dr. Karnaish was extremely compassionate as he examined and provided my Mother with options.
He took the time to not only care for the animal, but he also took the time to care about our feelings.
The process that Dr. Karnaish used to put Max asleep was kind and loving.
We appreciate it.

This is my first dog so I have to give the disclaimer that I have no experience to compare to -- but this place is awesome.
Never have to wait too long, scheduling an appointment is easy, and the staff is all very friendly.
At my first appointment, I was afraid of looking like a total newb but Dr. K reassured me that I was doing this dog ownership thing right and gave me some great pointers.
Since then, he's been awesome with our pup and very informative when we go in.
Glad our first experience has been a good one!

We love Dr. K!
We started going to him when we lived near by the clinic and only had one cat.
Since then we have added a few dogs to the family and we take them all there too.
We live in Laveen now but still make the trip up to see Dr. K and staff because they are the best.
It is so worth it.
When we have to, we board our dogs there too and they love it.
Dr. K and the staff send us daily emails to let us know how they're doing and what they are up to.
They have a better time there than at home.
This is the BEST vet clinic I've ever been too!

I would not recommend this place.
Why?
Because I want to be able to call them and  get the appointment the same day if I need to, I mean if one of my cats needs to.
It did happen once that I had to take one of my boys urgently and they were able to take us in the same day without any additional cost, and just like always - we were not rushed and the attention and service was great.
Now we are taking all of our kitties there and can't be happier with the services the clinic is providing, the wonderful staff and doctor Kanarish himself.
Thank you so much!

I recently started using Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital when my husband and I moved to the area.
We got an appointment for my older dog George who is 15 and has congestive heart failure.
Dr. K was very thorough to assess George's situation and explain everything to us.
His medical advice mirrored that of our previously trusted vet in WA so this gave us a great amount of reassurance.
Then we just got a new puppy a few weeks ago and started taking her there.
She also got a thorough assessment.
We signed up for the puppy package that would save us money on her shots and checkups.
Dr. K has a great personality and the staff is fantastic to work with.
This is a very clean facility.

