Called these guys to re-key the business doors.
1st guy comes out and said he's not familiar with these locks.
Fine, I'll wait for the next guy.
2 guys come out the 2nd time re-keys everything is fine right?
WRONG!
The door does not lock at all now.
Usually, takes a turn of the Alan wrench and boom - locks!
Now it doesn't even do that.
Called them out couple more times to have them look at the locks -- Still does not work.
To conclude they call back and said I'll need a new lock...........They can give me some quotes..........  Really, you "re-key" my door and break it and now tell me I need a new lock!?
I guess I shouldn't worry about robbers breaking down the front doors anymore cause they've already came.... supposedly posing as locksmiths.

We had our new house re-keyed by CopperStar.
Joey was our tech for the task.
He was awesome!
On time and professional!
I asked him some questions about locks ans security in general and we had a security system installed by him the next day!
Same thing, he was on time, called to let  us know he was on the way and the install went smooth.
I have ZERO complaints.
I live in Chandler and would recommend them highly.

The Locksmith from CopperStar Security was very unfriendly and made me uneasy.
In my opinion, someone handling our locks and sense of security should NEVER behave that way.
Also, he did not program our garage remotes.
The OneGuard Rep.
I spoke to instructed me to buy universal remotes if we didn't have any and said the locksmith could program them.
So I went out and purchased two universal garage remotes but the locksmith said he could not program them because they were the wrong ones.
They were universal, so that didn't make sense to me.
He left without being courteous enough to offer some guidance on which remotes to buy.
Being that he is a locksmith and all, I would think he would have more knowledge about that than I would.

I had the locks changed on one of my rental properties.
The technician was prompt, courteous and very professional.
I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 because I had to wait a day and a half for an appointment.
Overall a very positive experience.
I felt that I chose the right company.

