I called the sprinkler doctors at 8:15 on a Monday morning because my sprinklers had not been working for over a week.
They came out within the hour....
Noticed immediately that my water had been shut off!
They reprogrammed my system and confirmed all the zones were working.
Didn't waste any time or try and sell me anything.
I would definitely recommend the sprinkler doctors!
(I live in sf but called them for my mother who lives in Mesa az)

Paul and Eldon are great.
They communicate well, show up on time and do excellent work.
I am a first time home owner and new to Arizona.
I have had some very shoddy work done by other companies but I would not hesitate to refer these guys to anyone.

Whenever we have had an irrigation problem, which in Arizona happens every summer it seems like, we call the Sprinkler Doctors.
They always go the extra mile in making sure all of the drip lines are fixed, the timer is set correctly and everything is operational.
They show up at their appointment time and will call ahead to let you know they are on their way which I appreciate.

Great customer service.
Repair technician did a great job and had my system back up and running wonderfully.

You don't need to call anyone else for your sprinkler issues.
These guys are the best.
Eldon [the owner] showed up right on time [actually early] and was able to identify and repair the problem in about an hour.
Honest, friendly, and inexpensive.
The Sprinkler Doctor has my business for life!

We hired Sprinkler Doctors to help us repair several issues in the yard.
Eldon (I'm pretty sure he's the owner) was on time.
He's a very professional, clean cut, nice guy.
He did have to come back after his initial visit because he ran out of parts, but that was our fault because we neglected to tell him that we have an acre....he had to change over 20 heads!!
:)  Great pricing, overall a fantastic experience with a great company.
We will continue to call them for any future issues!

I needed help in figuring out some issues with my back yard drip system.
I left a message over the weekend.
First thing Monday, I got a call from a friendly woman who scheduled a service call for the following day.
Jay showed up exactly when promised, and quickly figured out the problem spots.
I'm always happy to find businesses like Sprinkler Doctors with friendly, genuine people.
My experience was great.
I'll definitely use them again in the future..

Used these guys last year 2012 and they were great...called them a few weeks ago for appt and first day they were a no show and didn't calk until 4pm to say sorry and setup appt for next day...next day they were no show again and never called.
Never returned our calls either and never heard from again.
Not sure if new mgmt now but thats horrible service

Eldon was great.
He was very pleasant, knowledgeable, and reasonable with the rates charged.
It is great to see a nice local owned business doing well with nice people.
He called to keep me informed, he explained everything while he was here, and took care of everything in one trip.
They will be on my keeper list and my referral list.
Can't say enough nice things.
Thanks Eldon!

Called on 11/12/13 for an appointment set by Mike for 11/13 at 10 a.m., and this person did not show up nor did he call.
I called this business because their ad states that whoever represents this company is an Ahwatukee resident.
I hoped someone would show up promptly and quickly.
I am very disappointed in this company.

After having used a bunch of repair guys for irrigation, i started using Sprinkler Doctors for my rentals and my own house.
I have had Eldon, Jay and Wade out to my place.
They always are on time and give me a call when they are in route.
The techs know how to diagnose and fix it right.
My irrigation clock wouldn't work and i was expecting a several hundred dollar bill for my favorite rain dial clock that I put on all my properties.
Eldon came out and discovered the heat had cracked the soder on the circuit board (az sun).
He pulled out his sodering iron and fixed it.
couldn't believe it and save me a few hundred bucks.
I was amazed and the repair was a fraction of the price of a new clock.
Most techs aren't that smart to be able to fix it.
Eldon is very smart and skilled in his trade.
would highly recommend them.
pricing is always very reasonable and inexpensive compared to other guys I have used.
FYI there is another sprinkler repair guy (not licensed)  in ahwatukee that calls himself the "sprinkler doctor" too.
Don't get him confused with Eldon and his company.

I called these guys on a Thursday afternoon.. Eldon called back and said Melanie would be calling me shortly to schedule an appointment...
They were at my house the following morning... Jay was able to find the problem and fix it within an hour.. Great service and a friendly bunch!
Would definitely recommend them to friends and family.

Sprinkler Doctors was a truly great experience for me.
I was quoted by another company  for a $10,000 redo of our sprinkler system.
Sprinkler Doctors came out and in 1 hour had our system fixed for $150.
What a great company that I will now recommend to all of my friends!

Eldon and Loren resolved all our irrigation issues today in an hour for les than $80.
They were professional, competent, friendly and on time.
Eldon taught us alot about irrigation that will pay dividends for us in the future.
No need to look further for irrigation repairs or replacement in the Valley!

Excellent experience with Sprinkler Doctors!
I called, left a voice mail and submitted a request for service on their web site.
They got back to me the same day and scheduled a technician to come out on Wednesday between noon and three.
I was told the tech would call me prior to arrival to confirm, and Jay did just that.
The house call carries a base $60 charge, which more or less is applied to the first hour of work done.
Jay was able to quickly identify the problem with one of the valve solenoids.
In addition to replacing that he inspected all of the sprinkler heads and found a couple more problems.
Lastly he asked if I wanted him to program the timer, which I had him do as well.
The systems is running the best it has in 5 years.
I'm VERY happy with the entire experience!
I would definitely call them again or refer them to anyone having issues with their irrigation system.

Wow!
These guys rock!
Had what I consider to be a major repipe issue w/ previous sprinkler valves, saw the great reviews, and thought I'd try them out, I did discover they are licensed, bonded and insured, important to know.
Called Eldon, sent him a pic from my phone, he said " no problem " amazed me with his confidence, came out a few days later after scheduling w/ Melanie who was very kind and helpful too!
Great people to work with on all levels!
So I get home, check out Eldon's work, and I was very impressed!
Not only did he redo the plumbing neatly and orderly including new valves and solenoids, he also replaced the landscaping rocks and dirt to better than original condition!!
He was a joy to work with, and if you want the work done correctly and on time, THIS is the company for you!
Look no further!

Eldon is the man!
He knows how to get the job done the right way and is honest when he does it.
It's nice to be able to trust someone with a business and who is willing to go the extra mile to take care of you!
Did you know they just started doing yard maintenance?
Check out Landscape Doctors!

Came out the next day.
Replaced 2 heads and made adjustments in about 30 mins.
Would use again.

Had some trees removed on my property about a month ago, after which my irrigation system (about which I know absolutely NOTHING) stopped watering some plants and all trees.
A neighbor referred me to Sprinkler Doctors so I gave them a call.
Wade came by on a 107 degree afternoon, and after some testing and digging (poor guy) he determined that somewhere between the control box and God knows where, a wire had been cut.
I evidently have a double wiring system, (can you tell I have absolutely no clue what I am talking about?
) and he was able to rewire both parts of the system so that it ran on the part that was not broken.
So thanks to wade and sprinkler doctors, I am up and running again.
Would definitely call these guys again  and recommend to others.
A good, honest, reasonably priced service.

