Their flavors are creative and delicious.
The cupcakes were moist and the texture was wonderful.
They recreated the logo of a friend's company at their launch party using the cupcakes and it was spot on.
The cupcakes were a hit.
Especially the margaritas.

We went to a friend's daughter's birthday party, and lo and behold, these ever so delicate and delicious cupcakes were THE biggest hit of the party!
Honestly?
Amongst the parents there, these mini-cupcakes were the STAR of the party (sorry Chuck E.!)!!!
They are made with the freshest of fresh ingredients, but most importantly, each flavor is so unique, you can't find them anywhere else...pretty much!
Try the GRAPE SODA with the cute l'il straw deco on top, or the PEANUT BUTTER 'N JELLY ones!
Ohhhhso delicious!
I think we all popped into our mouths at least a good 3 or 4!
Wished we all coulda had more!
The blast of flavors on your palate will easily make you wanting more!
Seriously?
They are "to die for!

Sooo yummy!!!!
As a self proclaimed cupcake connoisseur, I was stoked to learn about PYP thru a mutual friend, and was lucky enough to be in town to attend their launch event at the Griffin.
Um, bomb to the nom-nom anyone?
Seriously, the strawberry champagne tasted as good as it sounds, and the grape soda had a little kick to it.
It was like eating a grape flavored sweet tart.
I can't wait to hit up Vegas again and try more flavors.
I will be definitely ordering these goodies for my sister's upcoming bachelorette party.
Now only if they can figure out a way to Fed Ex the goods to me in SF we'll be gravy for life!
The cupcakes are gorgeous and the gals are too!
Poison never tasted sooo good!

PYP is nothing like you have tasted before.
With flavors such as jag bomb, jack & coke, margarita, mimosa, pb&j and a bunch more.
These are worth checking out if you have not had a chance!

3 words: TO DIE FOR!!

Unbelievable cupcakes!!
The banana chip, puppy chow, margarita... everything that these creative girls have come up with continues to blow my mind!!!
If you like sweets and alcohol there is no better way than to enjoy a cupcake from these baketenders!!

If you like cupcakes, you have to try the cupcakes from Pick Your Poison Bake Shop!!
So Amazingly Delicious!!!
With so many flavors to choose from, The Jack-n-Coke is definitely my favorite....
If you're ever in Vegas, PYP is a must!!!
Don't miss out!

These are the best cupcakes ever!!
I just love the strawberry champagne .
Its my favorite.
The grape soda comes in a close 2nd.
Cant wait to try more flavors but I will probably stick with the strawberry one since its so flippen amazing!

super yummy.
I got to try a variety.
I'm glad that their cupcakes aren't so thick and filling like most cupcakes.
The cake itself was soft but full of flavor, and the frosting had a gentle taste.
It wasn't overpowering and super sweet.
Such a powerful cupcake!
My favorite is the puppy show.
It has peanut butter, chocolate, and I believe the puppy chow chex mixture as a garnish.
Yummy.
I'd also suggest the margarita, grape soda, sailor jerry, and guinness.
Yes, like the drinks, but please don't expect to get a little tipsy off of it!

A friend ordered these for a party and they were unbelievable!
You could really taste the alcohol in it, and they tasted amazing!
My favorite was the gin and tonic one.
Yummy!!
I wish they served these everywhere!

I was jonezing for some PYP Cupcakes ever since they were at the Nerdy Dancing Elite Event, and I was bummed to find out they don't have a retail store!
They are an order and pick up establishment, so thats the only way (for now) to get a hold of these tasty bites!
still 5 stars cause they're the best in town(Sorry, Retro!)....ALOHA!!!!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(41/365) "Cupcake Jonez"

I was getting married in Las Vegas and the soon to  be wife and I had decided on cupcakes.
Our uninformed first choice was a flopped, more strings attached than a marionette.
So we turned to Yelp and they led us to Pick Your Poison.
We picked our cupcakes and they were very flexible and helpful in getting everything right for our wedding day.
Customer service is above and beyond the typical.
Now for the important part, the taste.
I was a little timid about how the Guinness and a few other flavors would be but I have to say that the Guinness cupcakes were the best tasting cupcakes I have ever had.
We had about 6 flavors on a tier with 2 large cupcakes for the bride and groom, every single one was richly flavored but nothing over powering.
Its hard to explain how smooth and delicious they all were.
To sum it up, great customer service and fantastic flavors.
Pick Your Poison is the best bake shop in the greater Las Vegas area.
I can not wait for another trip to Las Vegas so I can get some more of their cupcakes.

Would give 10 stars if I could.
Pick Your Poison served at my nieces wedding and every flavor was incredible.
My favs were Margarita and key lime pie.
Next trip to Vegas, I will be bringing some back to enjoy in California.
THE BEST CUPCAKES EVER!

Guys...
I discovered the secret to making your girlfriend extra happy on her birthday.
Get her two dozen PYP cupcakes and you're going to be pretty much trouble free!
Wanna go golfing/camping/drinking/guys night, but afraid of the wifey's wrath?
Buy her these and you're set!
I can almost guarantee it haha.
Ordered 2 dozen mini of Strawberry Champagne and Jagerbombs for my girlfriend's birthday.
Communication for my order was good, talked via phone and email.
They  were delivered (FREE!
) on time to my work place and needless to say I saw the desire ignite in my coworker's/boss' eyes when they saw these nom noms.
The aesthetics of these cupcakes were pretty cool i.e.
the Strawberry Champagne had little pearls sprinkled on top.
The most important thing was that these shot glass sized cupcakes tasted pretty delicious (tasted very similar to the alcohol counterpart) and I don't even like cupcakes.
The frosting to cake ratio was in excellent proportions and the frosting was not grocery store sweet.
There isn't a store front, so make sure you call your order with adequate time, you don't want to disappoint your party people/significant other/yourself or settle for sub par cupcakes do ya!

A great new local business!
I wanted to do something different for Valentine's Day, so I had Pick Your Poison deliver a dozen cupcakes to my husband.
I ordered 6 strawberry and 6 blueberry pancake.
The cupcakes were tender and delicious.
The maple frosting on the blueberry was wonderful!
They even included a card!

Robyn and taryn these 2 cuties and their badass cupcakes rocked my wedding.
My hubby was particularly enamoured with the guiness cupckake!
They saved our asses.
The bakery I had chosen to go with decided they couldn't deliver on the Saturday of my wedding after all.
They had over booked.
So about 12am 5 days before the wedding day I was sitting on yelp looking at bakeries in vegas.
I was going to read every review if it meant me being up all night/day.
I came across pick your poison and of course the name totally hooked me and the 2 rockabilly gorgeous girls baking in a kitchen in their retro 50's gear totally pulled me out of the water.
I started reading the reviews and they were fabulous I felt like the weding gods kicked me a break!
SWEET!
The cupcakes were amazing and raved about by everyone at the wedding.
The biggest issue is they are an internet venture located in vegas so how do i pay them!?
They first just asked for payment the day of but crap that was the last thing i wanted to deal with then i mentioned SQUARE and low and behold they had one!
so we just did it all by credit card over the phone.
With cupcake flavors like mimosa, red "wine" veleve, cherry dr pepper, jack and coke, and carmel apple how the hell could you go wrong.
They came and set up everything, i'm only sad we never got to meet them in person.
The hubby wants to see if they will ship us a couple of dozen so he can chow down.
I'm going to ask if we can have them sent to cali for sure!
we are willing to pay the shipping they were so bomb.
I highly recommend this business for all you cupcake needs, they will make what ever you want happen (within reason of course).

Got to finally have my PYP fix at The Las Vegas Foodie Fest this past weekend!
Robin and Taryn weren't there on Saturday, but were nice enough to drop off 8 huge boxes of Cake Pops, Margarita, Strawberries and Champagne, Guiness, and Peanut Butter Chocolate Cupcakes for VIPs at the Lee's Liquor Tent, and they were KILLER!
The ladies were at their tent on sunday selling their deadly creations, and before I left, I grabbed a Grape Soda cupcake for the drive home...Be on the lookout for the best cupcakes in town when they make an appearance at the next Streats Festival at El Cortez....ALOHA!!!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(227/365) "Sweet and Deadly"

Ordered these for a bachelorette party.
Two dozen, shot glass sized cupcakes.
Naturally, I got only alcohol flavors.
I tried the margarita, strawberry champagne, irish car bomb, and guiness.
All had great flavors and you could definitely taste the alcohol.
PYP was very easy to deal with and it all went down over email.
Just as planned, Taryn met me in the lobby of the Cosmopolitan so I could take my cupcakes up to our suite.
Easy breezy.
Really unique idea.
Offers something special from other bakeries.
Especially for drunks!

Tried some mini cupcakes and a cake pop from Pick Your Poison while they were at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest today.
It was 3 for $5 so we got 5 mini's (Grape Soda,Strawberry Champagne, Drunken Pineapple and Dr. Pepper) All were tasty but I think the Strawberry Champagne was the winner for us.
I would've liked a more stronger flavor for the Dr. Pepper cupcake though....
The cake pop was the non-alcoholic choice of Banana Chip - that was yummy....
I think that the product was good but it was just too small even for a mini - so even 3 for $5 was just too pricey for the size.
They should forget about all the packaging and just add more cake mix....  Glad I got a chance to try them though and there was a nice lady who was molesting me and my daughter with "Pick Your Poison stickers" -sticking them on us as she was talking to us..... My daughter asked " Mom shouldn't that lady have asked us permission before putting stickers on us?
-Kinda funny- he,he,he.....
So, in my opinion the size of the cupcakes are just too darn small for the price - I know these were just the mini's and not the actual size of there regular cupcakes but I had to comment about that.
If you are hesitant to try these cupcakes because of the alcohol - Don't worry you won't get drunk off of these cupcakes - the hint of alcohol is what get - go to a liquor store if you want a buzz.....
I'm willing to try other goodies of theirs if I see them somewhere - I hope they have a storefront soon....

These cupcakes were great and super cute.
I ordered a dozen of the cocktail cupcakes in pina colada and carmel apple and they moist with delicious cream cheese icing.
They do not have a storefront (sad face) but, ordering was super easy.
My order was confirmed within three minutes of placing the order.
My cupcakes arrived on time and delivery was free.
I have no complaints and I will definitely order again.

Pick Your Poison still has my vote for the best cupcakes  in town.
They were part of the Las Vegas Chocolate and Pastry Festival, and as always, they did not disappoint.
They had a couple of new flavors I haven't tried before, the Banana Cream Pie and Spiked Arnold Palmer which were both awesome, and I was hooked on a couple of other items-the Get Loopy Cakepop which was their grape soda cake dipped in white chocolate and coated in fruity pebbles, and what was called Not Yo Momma's Pudding-alcohol infused chocolate and vanilla pudding with crushed oreo and cookies and cream candy bar, that was totally addicting!
Definitely a must have when you're in Vegas...You won't be disappointed...
Thanks again ladies!
ALOHA!!!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(322/365) "Deliciously Deadly"

Yes please... more please.
I have had these delicious cupcakes twice now at the Vegas StrEats festival and have not been disappointed.
I am a FAN!
Between them and Retro Bakery my sweet teeth (yes... teeth, not tooth) have never been happier.
Had the Reeses Cup mini-cupcake shot and I wanted to go back and buy the whole case of them.
"Just walk away John... just walk away"  Looking forward to seeing these amazing treats in a shop soon!

Pick Your Poison was a brilliant find!
The ladies were a delight to deal with and had no problems creating a custom order despite some pretty risqué specifications.
The cupcakes were simply divine and delivered right to us with impeccable punctuality.
Worth every penny!
Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!
Hooray!

YUMMM!!!
We had 5 dozen shots (mini cupcakes) for my bridal shower, and they were delicious!
Strawberry Champagne was my favorite, but Drunken Pineapple came a close second!
Margarita was definitely interesting, and was pretty good, but I have a feeling that if I had tasted the irish coffee one, that would gave taken third place.
I will definitely be placing another order again!

Used them twice now.
I love the Red Wine Velvet cupcakes and the Strawberry Champagne, but I have some disappointments with them.
) I really wish they had a shop.
They're delivery only and sometimes it's hard to book them or make sure you're home for their delivery window.
It'd be great if there was a shop where I could just go pick them up!
) Although they have good flavor, they are dry.
The first time I got them, they were delicious and a big hit at a bridal shower I went to.
But the next day, the cupcakes were sooooo dry.
I was a little disappointed that they didn't last a day.
The next time I got them, they delivered at 1:30 and we ate them that night...and they were already dry!
Maybe the alcohol dries them out quickly???
If I'm paying almost $3 a pop for the cupcakes, I want them to be great, not "eh, they're ok."  I love their concept of alcoholic cupcakes, but I think they need to make a couple of improvements to be a 5 star company.

I'm currently watching the Food Network Channel: Cupcake Wars and I see them on it right now!!
My sisters and I bought 2 dozen mini cupcake shots for my sister's bachorlette party in Vegas in June of 2012.
Didn't know that they were on Cupcake Wars, but saw the great reviews so decided to order of them.
We ordered the Guinnes, strawberry champagne, lemon drop, irish coffee.
Overall, it was good..
The minis were a perfect size because we were in vegas for a bachorlette and many of the girls wanted to make sure to keep their figure :).
Unfortunately, we only ended up eating 1/3 of what we ordered.
I only wished they had an option to order a dozen...

CLOSED - Use Sin City Cupcakes instead, they are great!
One star because they are not professional enough to write on their website, leave on their voicemail message, or in an autoresponse to emails that they are no longer in Las Vegas and have closed down.

These are the best cupcakes EVER!!!
I had a custom flavor created for my dad for his birthday, chocolate and blood orange, they were amazing.
Robyn and Taryn were wonderful to work with and very helpful and professional.
Everyone at the dinner table raved about how good they were.
I only ordered a dozen and ther were 8 of us, we all split the remaining 4 and finished them with smiles

