I will only take my dog to Good Doggy if I need to board my dog.
Josh (owner) is a pet trainer and takes such good care of Mugsy.
He get plenty of exercise, activity and love.
Highly recommend them!

We love, love, love Good Doggy!
Josh and his wife take great care of my two dogs, Sasha and Max.
I board the dogs at his house, since my trips tend to be longer, but I would not hesitate to have Josh come to our house as well.
They are very trustworthy and I feel confident leaving my dogs with them - I don't have to worry about them getting their food, medicine or special treats, the way I used to when I boarded the dogs at a facility.
Sasha and Max even start getting excited and barking when we get within a couple of blocks of Josh's house - they run right up to his door and are ready to play!
I would recommend Good Doggy to anyone who wants their furry friend to feel like home when their parents are away.

Good doggy is great!
Both Josh and Kim are very knowledgeable about dog training and care.
They have watched my dog on multiple occassions and I have always been extremely impressed with the level of professionalism and attention paid to my dog.
All it takes is a few minutes of observation to see that they really do care about the well being of any animal in their care.
That is a level of service that is very difficult to find today especially in the Phoenix area.
Josh and kimmy are an invaluable asset to me.
Even though I hate being away from my dog I would not leave him with anyone else.

Josh has been taking amazing care of my pupps I put them through his 1 month obedience training class.
When I got them back, they were like brand new dogs!
They learned all of their basic commands, but most importantly to LISTEN.
I have two very energetic boxers, and the last thing they want to do is listen when they are locked on target.
They walk on a leash without and fancy collars, or gentle leaders.
The difference is night and day.
He also visits my boys a few times a week during the long work hours when no one is home to get them out of their kennels and exercise them.
It's very comforting to know that my pupps, who are basically my kids, are well taken care of when I can't be there.
If you have a dog that has a few behavior issues that you can't seem to figure out, or just need some dog sitting for a weekend, he is definitely the person to call

Good Doggy has always always always been so helpful and so great with my Greyhound, Buddy.
My dog always has friends to play with, he gets daily walks, and even gets pool time in the summer!
How fun for Buddy!
Josh and Kim are just so great with him, and take awesome care.
Sometimes I need Buddy to have a sitter, and sometimes I need him to be visited within my own home.
I always choose the 30 minute visits, because that is a good amount of time for Josh and Kim to feed Buddy, walk him, and play a bit with him.
I have never had a problem or a complaint with Good Doggy!
I would definitely recommend them :)

We wholeheartedly recommend Josh and Kim as doggy sitters.
I had to make quite a few trips to California last year, sometimes away for 3 weeks at a time.
I was desperate to find someone I trusted to take care of and board Moppet and Bella.
Good Doggy was the answer!
I particularly loved that I could log onto Facebook and see photos posted showing them happy and healthy.
It's obvious that Josh loves dogs and that's important to any pet owner.
It's not just a job to them--they have real affection for their charges.
It's wonderful to know that if a trip or weekend away is in our plans, Bella and Moppet will have a home away from home til we return.

Josh and Kim are the ones we call to watch our boys.
They work with you on convenient pick up and drop off times and the dogs have a great time playing with the other doggy's that may be staying as well.
We love to see the pictures they post and we don't worry, we know they are being cared for.
Highly recommend them.

Josh at Good Doggy provided some much-needed training for my dog Kianna, and even worked a few days longer than originally agreed upon to get the desired results.
In addition, I use his services for doggy daycare whenever I have to be out of town, and I know that she is well cared for and has lots of fun playing with other dogs while she is there.
Josh provides great training services and a wonderful home-away-from-home for your furry friends!

