The A/C Guys are a super dependable company.
Have always had a great experience with them and will continue to praise them.
Honest work, great prices...Thank you A/C Guys!

What can I say about the A/C/ Guys except they are FABULOUS!!!
My Aunt's A/C broke and these guys came over right away and fixed it quickly.
Chris was very friendly and down to earth!
Great service, great pricing.....recommend them to anyone!!

Just had The AC Guys out at my house and I am very pleased with their service.
I was afraid of an ac company playing games with the cost of the repair but they gave me a estimate that seemed reasonable and fixed it the same day.
Thanks.

By some miracle our AC decided to wait till mid September to commit suicide.
A friend recommended these guys and while they only had one Yelp review I trust the friend, so we called this morning.
A tech showed up with in a  couple of hours, a quick look at the unit up o the roof and the problem was quickly found.
The amount charged was a little less than I thought it was going to be, the service was quick and friendly.

With the Las Vegas harsh summer rolling in (triple digits) my a/c decided to die on me.
I called the A/C guys and got me in within hours.
Easy fix, good price.
Great customer service!

The A/C Guys are Amazing.
Danny is Honest, Courteous and has the Highest Integrity in the business.
Our upstairs Air Conditioner went out and  Danny did a diagnostics and found only the fan motor had to be replaced.
Danny did not try to do other services that were not needed.
This saved us a lot of money.
Furthermore,  because Danny was able to fix our air conditioner,  we did not have to spend thousands on a new air conditioner.
In the past, Danny has also done great work and only what was needed with our down stairs air conditioner.
Danny with The AC Guys should be your First call for any and all air conditioning service

Andy was very pleasant and very informative of what was wrong.
The problem was smaller than expected and very happy with pricing.
Will use them any time I have a problem and will refer them to everyone.

I manage a gym and we use the AC Guys for repairs and scheduled monthly maintenance.
We have had nothing but excellent service from them and have referred them to other businesses in our strip mall for their service.
We have only received positive feedback and "thank you" for the recommendation.

Ummmm ....
These guys are awesome.
The tech was on time, efficient, and knowledgeable.
I couldn't be more pleased.
Plus I liked them on Facebook and got 15% off my bill.
Hopefully my ac makes it through the summer but if not - I know who I'm calling.

Prompt and excellent, professional service.
Thanks to their technician Andrew!
Would use and recommend to anyone needing AC repair in the valley.

Best service!
Honest guys.
Manager Danny came over after my mothers AC went out.
Our appointment was squeezed in after I called about 3:30, air was running about 3 hrs later!
Fair and honest company.
I would definitely recommend this company to all of the Las Vegas valley!
Thanks so much.

I found The AC Guys as I was searching for an AC repair company for a condo I manage in Vegas, from LA.
I search by yelps "top-rated" very often and pretty much only deal with companies with 5 stars.
I had just last week used another 5 star AC repair company on yelp for another condo I manage but felt they were a little pricey.
The AC Guys' 5 star rating plus their "$50 for $100" deal were what made me decide to give them a shot.
Christie (sorry if I spelled your name wrong) got me an appt within 24 hours and Danny gave me a courtesy call 30 minutes before arriving at my unit.
Danny was extremely thorough and spent quite a bit of time with me on the phone explaining my options and how everything works.
He definitely went "above and beyond" in my book and for that I was very pleasantly surprised and appreciative.
Danny left my place about an hour ago and I'm waiting on a call from Christie to make the payment.
Other guys will call u before they even finish the job to make sure to have your money before completing!
This company has been a pleasure to deal with and I look forward to them being my "go-to" for all of my properties in the future.
Thank you AC Guys!

