I thought Susan gave an outstanding massage.
I've had several and this was the best one so far.
It was extremely thorough and I felt totally relaxed when I left.
She's very friendly and professional.
The office was peaceful and pleasant.
I highly recommend that you pay Susan a visit to get the knots out!

I was one of many, many people to purchase a living social deal for the massage.
It's just one woman, Susan, and she was super nice, and gave a great massage.
She worked out some kinks, I think I fell asleep at one point(a good thing), and I walked away feeling totally refreshed.
I get a massage like once a year, but I enjoyed the hell out of it.
Her rates seem pretty reasonable too.

Using Groupon and other discounts, I have tried out many massage therapists in the Madison area during the last few years.
All gave a pretty good massage.
It wasn't until I got a massage from Susan, owner  of Why Knot Massage,  that I knew the difference between a pretty good massage and a REALLY, REALLY good massage!
She is busy, but that's because she is so good at what she does.
Book early.
The icing on the cake is that her prices are  reasonable and she is an extraordinarily delightful person.
What a find!
No more Groupons, no more checking out other massage therapists.
This is it!

This place.
This is the place.
A couple of years ago Susan gave me a massage at her old location, and I managed to lose her contact info.
Going through a stack of papers, I found it.
Now she's in a new office and has convenient appointments available.
The new location is very clean, well decorated, and perfect for a massage.
I'm a sucker for a heated table, what can I say.
Her quality?
Fantastic.
Very attentive to your needs, and responsive to requests.
She does an absolute fantastic job on the trouble spots and does an overall excellent job.
A couple of major pluses:  Affordable rates that are below what seems to be the standard prices elsewhere.
There is also online appointment booking, so no need to call, leave a message, be called back, and on and on.
I've had a lot of massages by a lot of different people around town.
Now that I've reconnected with Susan, this is where I'm going from now on.

