Paletas Betty sells fantastic paletas (ice cream bars) that are completely homemade, and delicious.
I tried their fresa con crema and it was delightful.
Full of strawberries and perfectly sweetened, it was extremely tasty.
They change their menu frequently, and that's a bit of a concern since there are already about 9 flavors I'm dying to try.
Friendly, $2.75 a pop, and each one includes a sticker, which is fun.
I dig that these are light and made with sugar and real fruit and spices and stuff, so they don't taste artificial or syrupy or anything like that.
They're a good size for a snack, but that's not to say it's going to become a healthy habit for me to munch through a few of these every week, especially considering they're a stone's throw from my office...

This place is great.
Exactly what Mill Avenue needed.
Something somewhat healthy, homemade, and DELICIOUS.
If you haven't been, this place is a must try.

This place is adorable.
My man and I went inside just to check it out when we were strolling by on Mill Avenue.
We LOVE paletas, and it was so strange to see a small shop dedicated to them.
The place is clean, simple, and reminiscent of a pinkberry or similar yogurt shop.
Unlike a pinkberry, the name behind the brand, Betty, is also the face behind the counter.
She is very passionate about what she prepares and explained that she only uses the freshest of ingredients (she even said that the mango chile paletas are not currently available because the mangos are still ripening).
I got the fresa con creme - strawberries n cream (I love the creamy ones), and my boyfriend got amanecer - pineapple with raspberry.
Both were excellent.
It took every ounce of will power not to get seconds.
If you compare the price to what you would spend at a Mexican market, they are expensive.
But I would much rather spend $3 on a fresh, delicious fruit bar than on a single scoop at baskin robbins.
I cant wait to try more flavors.
Arroz con leche is up next.

HOORAY for an alternative to too-big bowls of ice cream and nasty non-fat frozen yogurt on Mill!
These frozen treats are delicious- you can tell they're freshly made and there's a great variety to choose from.
Eight year old loves the key lime pie (has a graham cracker crust on one side.
yum); 2 1/2 year old loves the strawberry; my current favorite is the pineapple and raspberry, but I'm looking forward to moving onto some creamier, dairy-filled delights when I can start eating dairy again.
On that note, this place is great for people with food allergies- no wheat?
no dairy?
no problem- everything here is great!

I don't often give five stars but Paletas Betty is a wonderful addition to the Mill avenue experience - fresh Latin American frozen treats on a stick made with fresh fruits and nuts and spices, what is not to love, especially when the prices is only about $3.
I had the banana foster one today made with rum and cinnamon and the one with roasted pecans is an experience unto itself.
Because they use fresh fruits the types of Paletas change based on what is in season, which is a nice touch and a good way to make sure there is always something new to check out.
By the way, the little bit in the right hand corner is from the mold they use and indicates, I think, that they are home-made.Whatever they are, they are really good.
By the way, to get the plastic sheath off, tug upward a little bit on each side of the Paleta to separate it from the cover and then pull it off, then enjoy!
:-)

I love the original Paletas Betty in Chandler, and was excited to see they had opened up another shop on Mill.
They are open late at this location (until midnight) which is very nice if you are craving late night dessert!
On some days this location is on Groupon Now which allows you to get $10 of paletas for $5 if you redeem the Groupon the same day you buy it.
This will get you ~4 paletas with an extra dollar or so to add to your total bill.

Paletas Betty has one of the best desserts I have found in the Phoenix area.
The paletas are made with fresh fruit and nuts.
They taste amazing.
We tried the pineapple and the pecan flavors.
The pineapple was an explosion of fresh fruit flavor.
The pecan had a rich, milky flavor that was accented nicely with the nuts.
I recommend both flavors.
The person working in the shop was extremely courteous and knowledgeable.
He explained all about the store and how the various paletas are made.
He also answered our questions.
I will definitely be back to try more paletas and I hope that this shop thrives for a long time to come.

=== 10/20/2011 Update ===  We returned to Paletas Betty and it was excellent once again.
I'm starting a running list of my favorite paletas flavors, in order of yumminess.
Pecan 2.
Pineapple 3.
Banana 4.
Rice Pudding

=== 10/29/2011 Update ===  Updated top flavor list:  1.
Pecan - superbly roasted pecans in a milky, creamy paleta; this is the best one; we get it every time, in addition to trying new flavors 2.
Pineapple - fresh, explosive flavor with real chunks of pineapple 3.
Banana - fresh, sweet flavor with real chunks of banana;  4.
Pineapple Chili - Like pineapple, but sweeter and with a slight hint of pepper 5.
Lemon Drop - extremely tart, with sugar on the outside; not for everyone, but great if you like a sour snack 6.
Rice Pudding - the cinnamon is strong, so good if that is your flavor  See my original review for details on the overall experience.

AY.
DIOS.
MIO.
The Platano Paleta is a day-maker.
There's caramel, creamy, frozen chunks of banana, and añejo rum all swirled together on one wooden stick.
At least five different people asked me what I was eating and where they could get it as I walked down Mill Avenue, vainly trying not to make eye contact with anyone while eating a popsicle.
If you're looking for something new and interesting (and sexy, as popsicles go), eating one of these would be more effective in drowning one's sorrows than a pint of ice cream.
For the more timid, or perhaps just fans of classic flavors, the Fresa con Crema actually smells and tastes of a fresh, organic strawberry upon first bite, until the flavor of rich cream overwhelms the taste buds to create a perfect harmony of awesome and more awesome.
Anyone who's partial to artificial strawberry flavor over that of a real strawberry should a) avoid this paleta and b) reprogram your mouth and possibly reevaluate your life.
Pure fruit lovers, even you cannot escape the appeal of Paletas Betty.
The Pura Piña is almost just a frozen pineapple on a stick, but much more exciting.
It's a sweet, delectable confection filled with pineapple pieces and a consistency that's closer to creamy than it is to icy, even though this one's totally vegan.
It also contains some sort of hallucinogen that will make you think you're in Jamaica for a short period of time.
Go.
Eat.
Prosper.
You'll probably see me there with a paleta in each hand.

Most amazing natural gourmet ice cream bar !
I had the pecan ice cream bar and it exceeded my high expectations !
I highly recommend these fantastic little desserts !
You have to try them to believe how good they are !

So good!!!
Lots of interesting flavors, all natural ingredients, very clean and spacious eating area, and great customer service.
Will definitely go back!

=== 11/11/2011 Update ===  Updated top flavor list:  1.
Pecan - superbly roasted pecans in a milky, creamy paleta; this is the best one; we get it every time, in addition to trying new flavors 2.
Pineapple - fresh, explosive flavor with real chunks of pineapple 3.
Banana - fresh, sweet flavor with real chunks of banana;  4.
Pineapple Chili - Like pineapple, but sweeter and with a slight hint of pepper 5.
Lemon Drop - extremely tart, with sugar on the outside; not for everyone, but great if you like a sour snack 6.
Banana with Caramel and Rum - much sweeter than the regular banana with hints of caramel and rum 7.
Mexican Hot Chocolate - spicy chocolate flavor with some cinnamon 8.
Rice Pudding - the cinnamon is strong, so good if that is your flavor  See my original review for details on the overall experience.

=== 11/12/2011 Update ===  Updated top flavor list:  1.
Pecan - superbly roasted pecans in a milky, creamy paleta; this is the best one; we get it every time, in addition to trying new flavors 2.
Pineapple - fresh, sweet, explosive flavor with real chunks of pineapple 3.
Banana - fresh, sweet flavor with real chunks of banana; 4.
Pineapple Chili - Like pineapple, but with a hint of spicy pepper 5.
Lemon Drop - extremely tart, with sugar on the outside; not for everyone, but great if you like a sour snack 6.
Pasa - amaretto almond base with especially tasty homemade dried grape raisins    7.
Banana with Caramel and Rum - much sweeter than the regular banana with hints of caramel and rum 8.
Mexican Hot Chocolate - spicy chocolate flavor with some cinnamon 9.
Rice Pudding - the cinnamon is strong, so good if that is your flavor  See my original review for details on the overall experience.

=== 12/09/2011 Update ===  Updated top flavor list:  1.
Pecan - superbly roasted pecans in a milky, creamy paleta; this is the best one; we get it every time, in addition to trying new flavors 2.
Pineapple - fresh, sweet, explosive flavor with real chunks of pineapple 3.
Banana - fresh, sweet flavor with real chunks of banana 4.
Pineapple Chili - Like pineapple, but with a hint of spicy pepper 5.
Pear cranberry - light Lear flavor with tart whole fresh cranberries 6.
Raspberry yogurt - slightly tart raspberry layer atop a very sweet raspberry yogurt layer 7.
Lemon Drop - extremely tart, with sugar on the outside; not for everyone, but great if you like a sour snack 8.
Pasa - amaretto almond base with especially tasty homemade dried grape raisins    9.
Banana with Caramel and Rum - much sweeter than the regular banana with hints of caramel and rum 10.
Mexican Hot Chocolate - spicy chocolate flavor with some cinnamon 11.
Rice Pudding - the cinnamon is strong, so good if that is your flavor  See my original review for details on the overall experience.

=== 12/18/2011 Update ===  Updated top flavor list:  1.
Pecan - superbly roasted pecans in a milky, creamy paleta; this is the best one; we get it every time, in addition to trying new flavors 2.
Pineapple - fresh, sweet, explosive flavor with real chunks of pineapple 3.
Banana - fresh, sweet flavor with real chunks of banana 4.
Pear Cranberry - light pear flavor with tart whole fresh cranberries 5.
Raspberry Yogurt - slightly tart raspberry layer atop a very sweet raspberry yogurt layer 6.
Pineapple Chili - Like pineapple, but with a hint of spicy pepper 7.
Lemon Drop - extremely tart, with sugar on the outside; not for everyone, but great if you like a sour snack 8.
Pasa - amaretto almond base with especially tasty homemade dried grape raisins    9.
Blackberry Lavender - fresh fruit taste with strong lavender flavor 10.
Banana with Caramel and Rum - much sweeter than the regular banana with hints of caramel and rum 11.
Mexican Hot Chocolate - spicy chocolate flavor with some cinnamon 12.
Rice Pudding - the cinnamon is strong, so good if that is your flavor  Another great option is the aquitas drink.
The lime and raspberry flavor is an excellent mixture of seltzer limeade and fresh raspberry.
It really packs a tart punch and strong flavors.
See my original review for details on the overall experience.

I agree with these people.
This place rocks very good.
I tried the Pecan which I was told takes two days to make.
Well done very good Betty.
If you are walking down mill and want a little snack make sure you stop here

Delicious Popsicles!
YUMM!
While I'm not used to paying so much for a fruit bar (since they come pretty cheap at the grocery store) the flavors here are amazing and fresh!
I was introduced to this shop by a friend who recently began working there.
There were normal flavors like chocolate and pineapple and more exotic flavors as well such as spiced chocolate and horchata.
I tried out the pineapple and horchata and thought they were both great!
The pinapple tasted just like the fruit and was a delicious after dinner treat!
Its on Mill Ave right next to ASU, so drop by the next time you're out on mill!

These gourmet popsicles are a definite foodie destination!!
Wow!
Now, these aren't your average fruit bars, they are hand made, with fresh seasonal ingredients with no artificial anything!
We stopped in the other evening after a heavy Ethiopian meal, and these paletas were just the ticket!
The girl behind the counter was very helpful in explaining how they are made and what makes them so speciall.
Betty (the owner) chooses her ingredients pretty much based on seasonal availability.
I ordered the Piña con chile (pinapple with chile) and it was INSANE!
She said that Betty acutally roasts and grinds her own chilies to make her own chile powder in the popsicles (I can't wait to try mango con chile in the summer!
)   There are dozens of flavors that constantly change due to availabilty of ingredients.
I wish I could try some of the dairy paletas, but alas, I am condemned to a dairy-free world.
But, there were a few non-dairy options that were good enough so as not to make me feel deprived.
Hey, they even have popsicles for dogs!
(peanutbutter flavor, and chicken stock flavor)  Can't wait to stop in again, this is a great addition to Mill Avenue!

"The Bite Means its Okay to Eat" is the motto at this paleteria.
Consequently, the mold used for making these delectable popsicles has what appears to be a bite mark.
Going in I did not know this, and was aghast when I noticed that someone had taken a bite out of not one but all of my paletas!
What sets this wonderful spot apart from ice cream parlors - is not just  ice cream on a stick.
The ice cream is handmade, and only local and seasonal ingredients are used to guarantee the utmost in freshness.
Spices are ground, no preservatives are used, and it's virtually like enjoying a homemade treat.
Favorites:  Chocolate: blend of chocolate with spices.
Ever had Mexican chocolate?
Decadent, creamy gourmet chocolate with vanilla, cinnamon, and a dash of chile?
This is the ice cream version, and so gorgeous I could not devour it fast enough.
Platano: Bananas foster, complete with homemade caramel and Anejo Rum.
Chunky bananas, blended with the sweet and spicy flavors of the rum and caramel - absolutely phenomenal!
Zarzamora: Blackberry and Lavender.
Aromatic, tangy and sweet, calming, and just beautiful.
Fresa Con Crema: Strawberries and Cream.
Tasted like I had whipped up a batch of strawberries with fresh whipped cream and sugar.
Superb!
I recommend this as a wonderful stop after dinner for dessert.
There is plenty of seating inside and out, to sit back and relax and enjoy the flavor explosion.

Tired of the old Fro-yo scene?
That random encounter with the same ol' cups and toppings got you down?
No longer getting that same excitement with a yogurt shop on every other street corner?
Well Betty's got something to help you get that spark back!
But really, I did pass by this place at least a couple times thinking it was some beauty salon not knowing what a "paleta" was...err.. "A paleta is a Latin American ice pop usually made from fresh fruit.
", thanks Wikipedia.
After noticing the logo did it click that it was a pop shop.
But this ain't your ordinary ice pop.
Fresh, creamy, unique concoctions full of flavor.
Simple ingredients that combine into something special.
We tried the nuez (pecan) and fresa con creama (strawberries and cream).
Both just amazing.
Nothing like enjoying one of these on a drizzly winter Arizona day out on their patio after running the RnR half.
Just about perfect.

The lemon one was VERY good,  as I love sour flavors.
I also got a pecan one, that didn't have a whole lot of taste.
And it's downtown Tempe, so parking absolutely SUCKS!
To stop in and get these pops had to pay $5 for parking..absolutely ridiculous.
Probably wouldn't return, just for that reason.
I don't go to Tempe very often, now I remember why.

Haha I got the Valentine's Day special and you didn't!
On our Yelp scavenger hunt we found our way into this I guess for a lack of a better term, Popsicle shop.
I swear there were like 5 candy or sweets shops on that list and I HAD to get something at everyone.
This place was by far my favorite.
I was lucky enough to snag one of their last V-Day specials, strawberry with dark chocolate drizzle.
To die for!
Everything else sounded, smelled and looked delish too!
Must try on Mill Ave!
Perfect after dinner treat!

I heart Paletas Betty!
I usually go to the one in downtown Chandler but I was pleased to discover this Tempe location while on the Mill Ave scavenger hunt on 2/12/12.
They are just as delicious as the original location!

These are so good!
They are pretty pricey but honestly not as bad as I thought.
My dad did say you can get them at the grocery store for a dollar but he didn't mention if they tasted as good!

I tried this place one of the first nights I moved to the area and was walking around in downtown Tempe.
I was pleasantly surprised with how good the "Popsicle" if it's appropriate to call them that, tasted.
I can't remember the exact name of the flavor I got but it tasted very similar to an Orange Creme popsicle you would get at the grocery store, just better, and made with natural ingredients.
The store is just off of Mill and has a very pleasant atmosphere to it.
No loud music blaring like some places located downtown.
I was greeted by a very nice young lady, I assume she is probably a student at ASU, who was very helpful in helping me decide which flavor I would like best.
I'm pretty Plain Jane when it comes to eating so Orange Creme was right up my ally.
The cost was very cheap and overall I was very happy eating my Popsicle while strolling down Mill Avenue one Saturday evening.
Highly Recommended!

Delicioso!
Kind of expensive for a popsicle, but its really good, and they have rent to pay!!
Definitely worth the splurge!

The paletas are very delicious and they remind me of home in Mexico I tried the nuez (pecan) and the mango with chile.
Both were very good!
I definitely think is worth checking them out specially when you see a line over 10 people waiting at the Tempe store.
One suggestion, have more flavors available!

=== 4/1/2012 Update ===  Updated top flavor list:  1.
Pecan - superbly roasted pecans in a milky, creamy paleta; this is the best one; we get it every time, in addition to trying new flavors 2.
Pineapple - fresh, sweet, explosive flavor with real chunks of pineapple 3.
Banana - fresh, sweet flavor with real chunks of banana 4.
Pear Cranberry - light pear flavor with tart whole fresh cranberries 5.
Raspberry Yogurt - slightly tart raspberry layer atop a very sweet raspberry yogurt layer 6.
Pineapple Chili - Like pineapple, but with a hint of spicy pepper 7.
Lemon Drop - extremely tart, with sugar on the outside; not for everyone, but great if you like a sour snack 8.
Pasa - amaretto almond base with especially tasty homemade dried grape raisins    9.
Blackberry Lavender - fresh fruit taste with strong lavender flavor 10.
Banana with Caramel and Rum - much sweeter than the regular banana with hints of caramel and rum 11.
Mexican Hot Chocolate - spicy chocolate flavor with some cinnamon 12.
Rice Pudding - the cinnamon is strong, so good if that is your flavor 13.
Saint Patrick - this was a special flavor introduced around St. Patrick's day; while the kiwi chunks were excellent, the major flavor was melon, which I am not a fan of; if you like melon, this would be a very good choice  Another great option is the aquitas drink.
The lime and raspberry flavor is an excellent mixture of seltzer limeade and fresh raspberry.
It really packs a tart punch and strong flavors.
See my original review for details on the overall experience.

John Q said it best, get the Nuez - superbly roasted pecans in a milky, creamy paleta.
Hands down, by far my favorite.
Real chuncks of fruit, quality ingredients a TKO for your tastebuds.
I can't wait to go back and try every flavor on the menu.

Absolutely LOVE Betty's Paletas!
My favorites are the platano and chocolate!

=== 4/19/2012 Update ===  Updated top flavor list:  1.
Pecan - superbly roasted pecans in a milky, creamy paleta; this is the best one; we get it every time, in addition to trying new flavors 2.
Pineapple - fresh, sweet, explosive flavor with real chunks of pineapple 3.
Banana - fresh, sweet flavor with real chunks of banana 4.
Pear Cranberry - light pear flavor with tart whole fresh cranberries 5.
Raspberry Yogurt - slightly tart raspberry layer atop a very sweet raspberry yogurt layer 6.
Strawberry and Cream - sweet fresh strawberry with strong cream flavor 7.
Pineapple Chili - Like pineapple, but with a hint of spicy pepper 8.
Lemon Drop - extremely tart, with sugar on the outside; not for everyone, but great if you like a sour snack 9.
Pasa - amaretto almond base with especially tasty homemade dried grape raisins    10.
Blackberry Lavender - fresh fruit taste with strong lavender flavor 11.
Banana with Caramel and Rum - much sweeter than the regular banana with hints of caramel and rum 12.
Mexican Hot Chocolate - spicy chocolate flavor with some cinnamon 13.
Rice Pudding - the cinnamon is strong, so good if that is your flavor 14.
Saint Patrick - this was a special flavor introduced around St. Patrick's day; while the kiwi chunks were excellent, the major flavor was melon, which I am not a fan of; if you like melon, this would be a very good choice  Another great option is the aquitas drink.
The lime and raspberry flavor is an excellent mixture of seltzer limeade and fresh raspberry.
It really packs a tart punch and strong flavors.
See my original review for details on the overall experience.

I love how it's ice cream weather in Phoenix when it's hot chocolate weather almost everywhere else!
Walked by since my hotel was nearby and it looked cute, but since I had just had lunch the first time, I decided to come back after dinner for dessert.
Wow, they really are in limited quantities!
Once it's gone for the day, it's gone!
Thank goodness there was still one of the "Nuez" in stock... the roasted pecan one is the one I had my heart set on earlier in the day and was the clerk's recommendation for a newbie.
Totally met my expectations!
So worth the $2.75 plus tax for a nice fancy Popsicle!

I'd heard about Paletas Betty around the time they opened on Mill.
I remember suggesting to a coworker we head there for dessert next time we're in Tempe for dinner.
And then forgot.
In February, at the Yelp Treasure Hunt for Local Love, Betty was one of the participating businesses.
Yay!
A chance to check them out!
Oh, and extra points in the game for a receipt from a participating business?
Perfect!
Now I *have* to get a paleta!
And I have been back several times since.
Sadly, dairy is not my friend - so I haven't been able to check out the majority of what's available.
But - OMG - pineapple con chili!
Non dairy, amazing pineapple and just enough chili powder mixed in to give off some happy heat.
I could eat this daily!
Everyone I have brought in has tried something different - and everyone has loved whatever flavor they've gotten.
FANTASTIC!

Stopped by this adorable little nook just off of Mill Ave. after lunch @ Restaurant Mexico.
The flavors were all so tempting...Pineapple with chile, blackberry with lavendar, Mexican chocolate with spices...I wanted to order several.
Comfortable seating outside with shade and ample napkins for meltage made it an all-around pleasant experience.
Extra star for plentiful bike racks along Mill Ave.!

Son paletas estilo Michoacán!
I love this place because they always make their products with fresh ingredients.
I've had their  Arroz con Leche  and Piña paletas.
The only thing I dislike is that they have in their menu items that they "have run out of" and both times I've had to go for a second choice.

This place is awesome!
I walked by it during the Tempe Arts Festival.
A paleteria on Mill Ave?!
I just had to walk in.
I chose a Nuez paleta because that has always been my favorite flavor.
My dad hails from Michoacan, MX where these paletas originated, so I've had quite a few in my life.
It was a little different than what I'm used to, mainly because the nuts used were much bigger than usual.
This wasn't a bad thing at all though.
In fact, the paleta was delicious and I would definitely recommend this place.

"Gross.. someone bit mine.
"   Don't despair, it's their trademark.
A fantastic place to pick up a nice dessert while you people watch or window shop out and about Tempe.
Its at the center Mill's, so it's the ideal local to pick up a treat and wander.
If you don't like tart, stay away from anything raspberry related.
My favorite is the rich and creamy arroz con leche.
Stop by when it's triple digits or need a free pass to visit Mills.

Yummy!
Perfect frozen confection for a hot day!
A highlight in Tempe!

Blackberry Lavendar is delicious and the lavendar is delicate and well balanced..
YUM!

Looking for something refreshing on a hot summer day?
Check out Paletas Betty at Mill and 5th Ave in downtown Tempe.
I got the Limon flavor, just like a slice of key lime pie on a stick, even has the graham cracker crust on one side.
It was light and refreshing and definitely satisfied that afternoon sweet tooth.
They have many interesting flavor combinations.
I'll be going back to try them all, after all it's going to be a long hot summer.

I'm not sure if I have ever had such a delicious frozen treat in my mouth.
Everything I've tried has been a hit, but the banana with rum was utterly dreamy, bursting with sweet flavor and more creamy than I thought it could be.
The interior is very simple but hey, go in the evening and take your dessert to the outdoor seats and people watch while you drift into a delicious diabetic coma... totally worth it.
Bottom line, while somewhat pricey you can genuinely taste the quality of the ingredients, and I'm going to have a hard time ever walking around on Mill Avenue again without stopping in for a frozen snack.
I'm addicted.

OMG.
I've been wanting to try Paletas Betty for the past year.
My husband works just down the street and I've only recently been reminded that it's right there.
A few of his employees went over the other day and he was telling me what they got.
And I remembered that I wanted to try them.
With the current horrid heat, a paleta is the perfect remedy.
We walked in and had the key lime pie and strawberry.
Both were so good we decided to split one more for a dessert of our paleta meal.
The bananas foster is very much like a little dessert.
It's not as fruity as the others, with the refreshment factor of fresh fruit.
We loved them so much we're going to make it a weekly treat.
Perfect for the hot Arizona summer.
Yum!
PS  They even have treats for the doggies!
We're thinking about bring our crazy aussie with us next time for a peanut butter treat :)

A little pricey for a popsicle...but remember, these are gourmet!
I've been there several times to try many different kinds of popsicles - my favorite so far is the chocolate with that kick of chili!
I also enjoy the nuez.
The fruit flavors are delicious but similar to a "standard" popsicle so I often find myself wondering if what I just ate was worth the price.
I will be back hopefully with dogs in tow to share a treat :)

This place is awesome!
The popsicles are amazing, and there are always non-dairy options for us poor lactose-intolerant types!
Plus, if you put the sticker from the bag on your wallet or phone, you get a free secret thing when you flash it...I got a free lemonade type drink the other day, which was awesome.
Plus there is an indoor and outdoor seating area.
Also, they have stuff for dogs!
And dog bowls!
If I had a dog I'd probably like this place even better haha.

I love this place.
The only downside was that it was hard to find parking but that isnt surprising since it was a Friday night in a college town.
These popsicles/ paletas were amazing.
I have tried the frozen ones that you can buy from mexican convenience stores but I have never had it fresh like this.
I tried the mango one and it pretty much melted in my mouth.
I could taste the fresh mango and it was gone before I knew it.
For ~$2.50 each it is cheap considering the quality.
The shop is cute with articles about itself all over the wall.
The staff was super friendly and helpful.
I wish this place was in California but it is probably a good idea that it isnt otherwise I would be broke.

=== 9/9/2012 Update ===  As of my latest visit, they have added a bunch of different flavors to the menu.
They also have a promotion for a free paletas if you bring back the logo sticker from your previous visit.
Updated top flavor list:  1.
Pecan - superbly roasted pecans in a milky, creamy paleta; this is the best one; we get it every time, in addition to trying new flavors 2.
Pineapple - fresh, sweet, explosive flavor with real chunks of pineapple.
Also try the pineapple with raspberry, which has tart chunks of raspberry in it.
Banana - fresh, sweet flavor with real chunks of banana 4.
Pear Cranberry - light pear flavor with tart whole fresh cranberries 5.
Raspberry Yogurt - slightly tart raspberry layer atop a very sweet raspberry yogurt layer 6.
Strawberry and Cream - sweet fresh strawberry with strong cream flavor 7.
Mango - pure, fresh mango flavor 8.
Pineapple Chili - Like pineapple, but with a hint of spicy pepper 9.
Lemon Drop - extremely tart, with sugar on the outside; not for everyone, but great if you like a sour snack 10.
Pasa - amaretto almond base with especially tasty homemade dried grape raisins    11.
Blackberry Lavender - fresh fruit taste with strong lavender flavor 12.
Banana with Caramel and Rum - much sweeter than the regular banana with hints of caramel and rum 13.
Mexican Hot Chocolate - spicy chocolate flavor with some cinnamon 14.
Rice Pudding - the cinnamon is strong, so good if that is your flavor 15.
Saint Patrick - this was a special flavor introduced around St. Patrick's day; while the kiwi chunks were excellent, the major flavor was melon, which I am not a fan of; if you like melon, this would be a very good choice  Another great option is the aquitas drink.
The lime and raspberry flavor is an excellent mixture of seltzer limeade and fresh raspberry.
It really packs a tart punch and strong flavors.
See my original review for details on the overall experience.

I have sampled Paletas Betty at an event before and finally now had a chance to try it out for the first time.
I had the Orange Cream and it was great.
I will for sure be back to sample some of the other flavors like Melon and Rice Pudding.

Think very yummy popsicles.
They have many unique flavors that change regularly.
I tried the arroz con leche.
It tasted like horchata.
I liked it so much that i wanted to try another flavor.
I got pecan.
The pecan had a ton of pecans in it, which gave it a lot of texture and crunchiness.
When you come here, you'll have a hard time deciding too.
Have everyone in your party get a different flavor and share.

Really cute place that's very clean and well-maintained.
I ordered a watermelon and mint paleta that was... okay.
It was definitely refreshing, but I wasn't really a big fan of the large mint chunks.
The other flavors look really good, though, so I think I'll definitely be heading back since it's all natural and won't make you feel bad in the morning.
Love the cute stickers!

One star for the great view of Mill as you spend 5 minutes eating your mexipop.
This is a great chunk of real estate on Mill and you are taking up quality space with chairs and tables to eat a popsicle?
These ice cream pops should be sold out of Mexican push carts and put something more useful in that prime space.
My choice, which cost $3.05 was the arroz con leche.
There were no chunks of rice or anything in this pop and it tasted exactly like one you would get from the Mexican supermarket.
These pops should be $2 each if they all taste like the arroz version.
Sure, you can get a discount using their stickers, but who the hell is placing that sticker on the back of their phone.
If you want me to do that, then you need to pay me a fee or give me a bigger discount than 10%.
Cmon Betty.

I love this place!
It's nice to have something different once in a while.
The paletas are so tasty... a few of my favorite flavors are arroz con leche (creamy rice flavor), naranja (orange and cream), calabaza (pumpkin), and fresa con crema (strawberries and cream).
Don't forget about the pups... they sell doggie paletas called "perroletas.
" My dogs have had both the chicken and peanut butter flavors and devoured them.
Another thing I like about this place is that they always have great service.
Everyone who has helped me has been super friendly.

meh the raspberry lavender Popsicle was ok.
The pecan one was good.
Not the best on a cold night in Tempe.

Excellent flavors, and Betty is usually there personally.
The staff is helpful and friendly and whenever I take my friends here they love it.
Try the chocolate for starters and you will get hooked.

The name sounds fancy and exotic and you might not know what you are getting but in the end they are high quality, fresh popsicles.
I had one who's name was very spanish and I can't remember but it was a bananas foster flavor and it was great.
That flambéed taste of bananas with a hint of alcohol was amazing.
I loved the big and plentiful chunks of  banana in it.
Also got to try the Orange cream which was like a high quality creamsicle that we all know and love from childhood.
If you are on mill and feel like something sweet this is well worth the stop.
I want to head back soon to try the spicy chocolate.

Best Popsicles ever.
I had the Mexican Hot Chocolate and my husband had Bananas Foster.
Both were incredible.
We'll definitely be back.

Saw them at the farmers market in Phoenix but it was too cold for a paleta.
I happened to be in Tempe to meet some friends for a beautiful sunny day and saw them.
So glad I stopped.
Cute simple place.
Got the naranja which I like a creamsicle.
Pretty yummy.
Would have liked a stronger orange flavor but it was still good.
You can tell its homemade.
Love the cute trademark bite mark.
The girl who helped was really nice.
Ill definitely be back when I am down this way.
Came back the next day with my parents.
I had the pina.
Good and flavorful but I like mine with a bit more tang to it.
This one was sweeter.
My dad liked them so much he got two.
Forgot the 2nd one but the first one was the mango with chile.
It wasn't spicy at all but we both like it hot.
My mom got the Nuez (pecan) and that was very good.
Liked the whole pecans in them.

I've tried Paletas Betty three times now which is enough to confirm that the paletas are good, not great, and definitely not the second coming of Christ that some of the reviews for this store and the Chandler location would have you believe.
The only one I've had that was truly yummy was the fresa.
Unfortunately, it was my sister's, and she only gave me a few bites.
The Mexican Hot Chocolate paleta I ordered sounded great, but it was icier and less fudgy that I expected.
The pina, as another Yelper described, tasted nothing more like pineapple.
It was ok, but I wish there was more to it.
I had the coconut one last night, and the coconut base was delicious.
However, the big chunks of coconut were nasty, and I ended throwing most of it away.
Keep in mind, I'm Puerto Rican, and therefore genetically inclined to love all things coconut, but this treat didn't do it for me.

Who knew a popsicle could be so special?
I guess I don't get out to Tempe or Chandler much so I had not heard of Paletas Betty.
We stopped in while we were visiting the Tempe Arts Festival.
It was really warm out and perfect popsicle weather.
I got the Pina Pineapple.
It was super refreshing.
Like other posters I did not know their schtick was that all of their paletas have a "bite" taken out of the corner.
I was going to "exchange" it but then realized all of the pops had bite marks.
Silly Beth.
I wish a store would open up closer to me because I would love to try some other flavors.

I had the Arroz con Leche pop and it was gone in 2.5 seconds- well add one second of hesitation when I saw someone bit out of it and had flashbacks to my little brother taking one bite out of a pop tart and putting it back in the cupboard.

This unassuming little shop has been beckoning me for almost a year.
I decided to stop in while my husband got a pie from around the corner.
Very small, very clean, very white.
During the day they have small cafe tables outside the door.
Otherwise, this is walking food.
There is a menu on the wall, but if youre unfamiliar w/ the product, ask for recommendations.
I ended up getting a bar w/ blueberries, and it was very very good.
Dont be afraid of the little "bite" either.
The girl behind the counter informed me that its kind of their signature.
Its in the pop mold.
If youre looking for a quick, cold treat stop on in!

Pros: High quality ingredients.
Several different flavors.
Cons: I paid $3 for a Popsicle?
My friend paid $3 for basically a dream-sickle.

These are not your mama's paletas!
This place has tons of unique flavors to try.
A fun stop on Mill Ave. and a nice treat.
They are a bit on the pricey side, but pretty delicious and adventurous which is totally my style.

Tried the naranja, basically an orange creamsicle.
I thought it was good, but I didn't think it was anything special.
And I didn't think it warranted the long line, either.
Perhaps I tried the wrong flavor.
Perhaps I just don't get it.

Mill Avenue is filled with diversity.
Being the center of a college town it's crawling with different races and cultures.
With that being said you are bound to find many diverse restaurants and shops.
What I came across was a little Mexican shop named Paletas Bettys.
Bettys is a small homemade Mexican pops shop.
They have about 10 different favors to choose from.
I personally have tried four of the flavors and everyone was extremely tasteful.
My favorite one that I tried would have to be naranja, which is basically an orange creamsicle.
It was very authentic and flavorful.
I would defiantly recommend going to Paletas Bettys.
The prices are great for what you are getting.
Also the service is wonderful there and they explain the products very well.
Next time you're on mill stop by and give it a try you won't regret it!

Love the concept-- I've had the horchata and mango con chile popsicles which were both great

On a recent work trip to Tempe, I mentioned Paletas Betty to some of my co-workers.
They all looked at me like I had a third eye.
We're talking amazingly delicious Mexican popsicles - that are just down the street from the office!
And nobody knew what I was talking about.
I was introduced to Paletas Betty at their Chandler store on my first trip to Phoenix about a year ago.
It was seriously love at first bite.
Creamy, delicious, fruity...these paletas are the real deal.
Do yourself a favor and pass up every other frozen confection in town and get yourself a paleta.
All the flavors are delicious and fresh, but my favorites are the key lime pie and strawberries & cream.
The people at Paletas Betty are crazy friendly, and you can tell they love what they're doing.
This is always a must-do for me on every trip to the Phoenix area.

Well-crafted gourmet popsicles and ice cream bars.
Only downside is the steep price of nearly $3 for a popsicle.

Such a great location on the corner next to Urban Outfitters and ASU.
These are affordable, get two!
Perfect for the Arizona heat!
Grab one of the delicious sodas or flavored aqua as well.
Banana, pecan, and pumpkin pie are awesome, but honestly you can't go wrong with these delicious homemade organic treats!

$3 for a paleta??
Flavors were scant and they weren't even good.
Coconut felt like chewing up tree bark.
Chocolate tasted dirty.
Pina colada was boring.
Orange cream was a bit more redeeming.
I saw so many different and interesting flavors on yelp.
I should've check the "today's flavors" beforehand but the few they had yesterday were pretty awful.
I gave an extra star because they welcome all customers and 1062 was just vetoed hours before my visit.

Mehhhhh.
Looking through our ice cream options on Yelp, we didn't realize every single one was within walking distance of each other.
We ended up picking this place since it was unique to us and popsicles seemed more Arizona weather appropriate.
We had a hard time finding this place and make sure you get the right address because they have two locations!
Its located on a side street and we were the only people there the entire time.
The woman working there was super nice and helpful.
We ended up getting the Pineapple and he got the Platanos.
There is also one for dogs!
My boyfriend asked about it thinking it was a regular flavor haha.
I didn't like either of them.
His was too sweet and mine was kind of bland.
Maybe I should've gotten the spicy pineapple one?
We both finished regardless and at $3 a pop we better have.
I've had better experiences with the 50 cent ones you get at your local Mexican grocery store.

Super refreshing.
Just what the doctor orders for a date with my 3 year old.
Ordered the pineapple which is refreshing but a little fibrous.
Big chunks of strawberries in the strawberry and cream pop.
My little guy was in heaven.
And don't be afraid that someone took a bite out of your pop, apparently it is part of the mold (or so I am told).

Tasty, authentic.
A bit pricy (in my opinion) for the size of the paleta, but maybe that is to reflect the "hand-made" qualities?
If you are downtown Tempe and want a paleta, this is a great place to stop by.

Very yummy!
Brought back my childhood, buying from the paletero in Cali!
Fresa con Crema was creamy with strawberry pieces within!

Paletas Betty.
No.
Not a stripper name.
A place where you can get awesome popsicles - sorta like what the guy pushing the popsicle cart sells except those are pretty standard one-dimensional flavors - coconut, strawberry, lemon, etc.
Paletas Betty cranks it up a notch and has some pretty crafty awesome flavors.
I went to this location right off of Mill one Sunday afternoon when it was hot as the devil's sphincter and a popsicle sounded like the best freaking thing in the world at the moment.
I walked in there and the girl working there asked what I wanted.
Quick scan of the menu.
Cucumbers and Mint.
In a popsicle.
Ok. SOLD TO THE MAN GOING CRAZY FROM THE HEAT!!!!
It was actually delicious.
Chunks of cucumber in the popsicle as well.
I know it sounds metrosexual as hell but it was really refreshing and I always gotta try the weird stuff.
I'll be back to one of their locations to try their other flavors.
Yeah - pricey for a popsicle but then again I hardly ever eat popsicles so I don't care.
It was sunday so all metered spaces were free.
Parking usually sucks any other day of the week.
They have Square so don't worry if you don't have cash.

