I just moved to Phoenix and was looking for a gym.
I saw a Living Social deal for Kosama and decided to try it.
I've only been going for 2 weeks now, but it's been the best workout I've had.
The class times are flexible so you can go at any time that fits into your schedule.
The instructors are great at making you feel welcome and pushing you to work hard.
It sometimes feels like you have a personal trainer, rather than a group class.
I recommend Kosama to anyone who is looking for a workout that will push your limits.

I've been going to Kosama for a little over a month now.
I've finally done all the classes a couple of times so I'm ready to review :)    PROS:    Overall I really like the program.
It's certainly effective and most of the time it's fun.
I really like the instructors and they do a great job of motivating the members.
There is a wide range of fitness levels that attend Kosama so no need to be afraid if you're a bit out of shape, they have alternate move for every exercise.
The class times are frequent so I don't have any problems fitting Kosama into my busy schedule.
The pricing right now is very reasonable.
They just switched from some outrageous 8 week pricing that would have me running for the hills, and just in time for me to join  :-D.  Now you can pay monthly which works better for me.
CLASSES:  Plyos - I like this class and it's a great workout.
I'm not a huge fan of Plyometrics but there's enough variety that I still have fun in this class.
Kettlebells- This is my favorite of all the classes.
I think Kettlebells are some of the best free weights and this class kicks my ass.
Cardioflex - BOOOOO I HATE this class.
It features my least favorite moves and to top it off it's super repetitive.
Boo, Boo, Boo I plan to avoid this class going forward.
Kickboxing - I used to work out at a boxing gym and I really loved It.
This class allows me to use some of the moves I learned previously.
I recommend purchasing the gloves they sell.
CONS:  The music leave something to be desired on most days, I wish they wouldn't play old school music put to beats.
Since music is really important to keeping me motivated in my workouts this was almost a deal breaker for me but since I like the rest of the program I've decided to let it go.
I'm a little concerned about the new program that's currently featured on the website.
One of the things I liked about Kosama was that they alternated the days they featured a particular class each week.
It appears that going forward all the classes will now take place on their respective day and the schedule won't be changing at all.
It's nice to have some variety, even if it's just that you do Kickboxing on a varied day.
Hopefully they change this up again.
Overall I highly recommend this program.
If you actually go several times a week you should experience the same results you would with a personal trainer only at half the price.
All the members are really nice and the it's a really inviting environment, don't be intimidated to try it

Update since my last review.
They've fixed the music issue so it's all good.
However I accidentally stumbled into the Cardioflow class again yesterday and and am reminded how much I HATE that class.
If they could switch it out for something else that would be worth 5 stars for me :)

I have a friend that has been going to Kosama for about a year now and has been RAVING about it.
I had been meaning to check it out for a long time and when it came up in Groupon I bought a pass for my husband and I.
We both gained weight with my pregnancy (me more than him haha), and being former gym rats we really wanted a workout that would kick our butts but help us with our transition back to our former fit selves as seamlessly as possible.
Kosama does just that!
The workouts are INTENSE but we feel great and after two straight weeks of five days each week we are literally SHEDDING INCHES AND POUNDS!
I love it, my husband loves it and I think if you tried it, chances are you'll love it too.
The owner is nice, helpful and encouraging as we'll as the staff.
They check to make sure you are always using proper form and the workouts go by SUPER FAST!

I hate working out in a traditional gym with a bunch of meatheads and machines.
Having been an athlete all my life, my idea of a work out is simple playing a sport and using my body to work itself out.
I also enjoy the support system of getting fit with a team.
This is my first week at kosama and I have to say it reminds me very much of the practice workouts I would do with my rugby, soccer, and tennis teams back in high school and college.
The coach is nice and supportive.
He knows when to push and when to tell you to slow down or take it easy.
The class sizes aren't too big and everyone was really friendly from day 1.
They congratulated me on a job well done after my first workout a d told me they would see the next day.
I've already made friends and I look forward to seeing them each time I go in.
One thing I also really like us the music is loud and fun and at times feels like you are working out at a dance studio!
It's always nice to see a range of ages in there as well.
It's not just a bunch of young guys and girls who are super fit, but you have elderly, middles aged and college aged people all doing the same workout and everyone is drenched.
I can't wait to be old and look like some of the older folks to workout at kosama!
Haha.
Lastly, no mirrors.
I love that.
It makes me focus more on what I'm doing in the moment instead of stare at myself or others in the mirror.
They have TVs up on the wall that you can use to track your heart rate and calories burn of you chose to use the MyZone heart rate monitor.
Overall, this place is what I've been looking for!
I plan to go for a long time.

Great place to workout!
This gym is super clean and affordable.
The instructors take the time to make sure you are doing your workout correctly.
You can workout at your own pace.
Owners are very nice.

Kosama is hands down the best gym I have ever been a member of.
The classes are varied and designed for all experience and fitness levels.
Each week of working out gives you a balanced fitness of strength, cardio and core.
The trainers are attentive and always ensure that you are using proper form so you won't get injured.
They are also incredibly motivating - it's what drives me to go even on days when I am exhausted or sore!
For the money, they are the best deal you can get for such a great workout.
I can't imagine ever working out at a regular gym again!

No mirros no just walking around the gym trying to figure out what to do next and wasting time.
I love Kosama I don't have to make a workout plan for the week it is done for me I show up and get a great workout in about half of the time than I would if I had to go to the gym.
The coaches are great always there to push you to the next level and everyone that comes is friendly.
This is a solid program for beginners are someone advanced so come in for a free session and find out for yourself.

Kosama is the best gym I've joined yet.
The overall experience is bar-none compared to other crossfit gyms I've been to.
The trainers are highly qualified and are there to motivate you to get the best results possible.
"Mind over body!!
" Whether a novice, intermediate, or beginner, Kosama is perfect.
No commitment to worry about either.
Class times accommodate all schedules as well.
I am Kosama!

Awesome place and the workouts are great!!!
Everyone is friendly and makes sure your doing each workout the right way so you get the best results.
I've been going for 6mos and have gone consistently for 3mos, I am Down 20lbs and I've toned up a lot.
I highly recommend this place

I've tried a lot of different boot camps and this is by far the best gym/boot camp I have been to.
The trainers and owners actually care about each individual person and really push you to work your hardest.
It's an amazing and calorie burning workout each class.
So many different times to fit a flexible schedule.
Definitely worth every penny!
I recommend for anyone who wants to get in shape!

Kosama is my favorite place to work out.
The owners are almost always there, whether they are teaching that particular class or walking around and helping people during their workouts.
The whole staff is extremely friendly, but also know how and when to push you.
They even remember your name!
It's nice to get a personal experience in a gym and it's also helpful to have someone there to push you when you're getting tired or slacking.
The staff is extremely well educated and very professional.
It doesn't matter if you're in the best shape of your life or haven't been to the gym for years.
The coaches will tailor your workout to fit you.
It's like having a personal trainer, but not having to pay the price for them.
KOSAMA's prices are extremely reasonable.
They offer a variety of classes depending on the day and several different times you can go.
It's nice that you're not locked into a time.
If you can go to the 4:00 class one day, but can't make it the next, you can choose a different time.
I highly recommend you try Kosama when looking for a workout facility.
I don't think you'll be disappointed.
It is a bit hard to find when you're looking, so be careful not to pass it!

I didn't see one bad review on here and I think that says a lot!
This place is awesome.
I bought a groupon for $35 which got me unlimited classes for 5 weeks.
I've been going at least 3-5 times each week.
It's awesome.
The trainers are great and know how to give you that little or big push that you need.
They're friendly and informative.
I was pretty much sold after the first week and will definitely sign up for the membership when my 5 weeks end.
I'd like to mentioned they do not try to sell you on the membership.
A lot of gyms I've been to in the past are always trying to get you locked into some sort of contract.
Not here though!
The classes speak for themselves and the place has done awesome from more word of mouth than anything!
Go check it out!
Now!

