It only takes one, very negative experience to write an entire chain off, certainly this particular location.
The scenario: my house had JUST burned down.
When I say burned down, I mean done, toast, goner.
So, I am not in a normal state of mind, to say the least.
There is a lot of intense emotion going on inside of you when considering the things that are lost that are completely irreplaceable.
It was the middle of a very hot summer, we checked in.
One of the few things that I had managed to salvage out of my house was my desk top computer, which I brought into the room with me.
It smelled like smoke.
Not cigarette smoke, though, fire smoke.
Everything we HAD smelled like smoke, which wasn't much.
Anyway, I left my boys - teenagers - in the room while I went about beginning to pick up the pieces of my life and get things moving.
Can't stay at a hotel forever.
I was gone maybe half the day.
When I arrived back, the boys informed me that management had come into the room, demanding to find out whether anyone had been smoking in there.
Now, mind you, they didn't knock on the door and ask to enter, they opened the door with their own key without any notice whatsoever and barged into the room, apparently thinking they were going to find someone smoking cigarettes in there!!
In reality, the smell was very feint and it certainly wasn't going to permeate the walls.
Regardless, it is pretty unreasonable, IMO, for management of a hotel to simply open a door without notice because they suspect something is going on in there.
I would also state that it might be kind of dangerous for them to do such a thing if they open the door with the "wrong" kind of person occupying the room.
That isn't me, I wasn't going to get violent, but I did get mad at them about it.
As I said before, I was already emotionally charged, finding out they had entered without even knocking on the door got me pretty mad, pretty quick, especially since I had informed the front desk upon checking in that yes, our house had burned down, perhaps there might be some smoke smell coming from us, we apologize.
The manager of the hotel eventually showed up - who DID eventually apologize - but it was too late.
It was inexcusable that they thought they could just go barging into a hotel room because they were "suspicious".
We left that motel and no, I will never go back.

Rooms were clean, and well accommodated, but the free internet was spotty at best; you could check your email, but streaming movies or videos was hit or miss.
They had great shuttle service to/from airport, and nearby malls, but the places you can go are limited.
Great staff, very helpful when dealing with requests.

We had a great experience here.Nice and helpful front desk,Clean room free WIFI and good breakfast,as a three star hotel it was good.
The location was very good too.

I stayed in two hotels this week: one for business during the first half of the week (a Hyatt Place, which I love), and then we switched to this Best Western for the personal-vacation side of the trip.
And after having stayed in both hotels, I've gotta say: This place rocks.
You may scoff at the Best Western brand, but don't.
I just came from (my favorite!
) Hyatt Place, and this Best Western offers many more amenities for free, for a less expensive nightly rate.
Don't know how you can go wrong.
Nice hot breakfast, friendly checkin and housekeeping staff, the option to set what time your room gets cleaned so they're not housekeeping is never knocking on your door when you're half asleep or nekkid.
Fridge and microwave in our room, the rooms are super-clean, the water pressure was sweeeeeet, and the hotel is 100% non-smoking.
The rooms were clean, and there will little, nice touches all over the place.
(Bottle of water and a granola bar in our room at checkin; makeup remover towelettes so you don't crap up their towels/washcloths with lipstick and waterproof mascara, and organic bath products that you'd actually wanna use.
We'll definitely be back.
No brainer.

This place was perfect for our stay while in Phoenix.
Close to our son's place at ASU, close to shopping, Mill St. and Scottsdale.
Although the room was small, it was clean and recently updated.
My internet worked fine.
When we complained we didn't have a trash can in the room, housekeeping brought us two!
We were traveling with our dog and they were very accommodating in booking us in a quiet room located near an exit.
We also enjoyed the sauna/pool  and the big fluffy towels.
Breakfast was OK...not exceptional.
Overall, we liked it here and we'd definitely stay again

We arrived today for a week long stay for Spring Training.
The hotel is quiet and the staff is great.
They are located near a mall and a few nice restaraunts.
The rooms are nice and all of them are smoke free.
They are pet friendly but their policy insists that you do not leave you pet alone.
They do have a nice pool.
It felt good knowing there was a cold pool to jump after a long drive.

We only stayed here for a brief overnight, to catch an early morning flight.
It's not convenient to the airport, there are closer places....  that said, it was fine.
the hotel staff were very helpful and the shuttle drivers were especially helpful - note, free airport shuttle.
be sure to catch the right shuttle when you are at the airport - there are at least 3 best western's that send shuttles and if you get on the wrong one, you end up on the wrong side of town, at the wrong best western....speaking from my own experience.
D'OH!

We found this Best Western on Yelp and chose to stay here because it seemed to be well recommended, conveniently located, and reasonably priced.
The facility was very nice, rooms very clean, comfortable, and quiet.
The staff was very helpful and courteous.
Though the breakfast wasn't fancy, it was good and served to help make the overall price even more reasonable.
We would certainly plan to stay here again when traveling through the Tempe area.

Another good solid Best Western.
Good value for the money.
Rates go up on the weekends.
The place was pretty full, as evidenced by the crowd at breakfast.
Complimentary breakfast is just okay.
Pre-packaged omelettes, french toast sticks, but there is quite a variety.
Service is efficient and friendly.
It's by the mall, so ideal if you're here to shop.
A bit south of Tempe for most other activities.
Plenty of hot water.
Beds are kind of soft.
Includes a refrigerator and micro-wave, as well as an LCD TV with cable or satellite.
Good access from Route 60.
Bright, and well air-conditioned, but then, we were here in March.

Rooms are adequate and the staff is friendly.
BW+ is fine for our spring training visits.

Great place to stay at nice rates.
Yelp coupon also an added bonus.
Everything is great from check-in to room service.
Like the experience.
Will come again.

Over a year ago I stayed at this hotel where I spotted several kittens.
I made many phone calls and found a feral organization to step in and begin managing the explosion of cats at this hotel.
Yesterday, after TNR'ing many cats and kittens, the volunteer for the Spay and Neuter Hotline was thrown off the property by the GM.
If you care about animals and  have compassion for feral cats, this is not the property for you.
Find another hotel, there are many in Tempe.

