I discovered this place a couple weeks ago while in search of lunch after a movie with a group of friends.
I haven't liked a new restaurant this much in a very long time.
The food is DELICIOUS.
I had a "Sweep the Floor" calzone, and it was just perfect.
They also offer free, fresh-made cajun kettle chips.
The prices are really reasonable, and the food is just wonderful.
My boyfriend and I came back and got exactly the same thing as our first order, it was just too good not to try again!
The staff is all very friendly, and even let us hang around after playing board games at a corner table since it was so hot outside.
They seemed pretty slow, and I think the word should definitely be spread about this place.

Quick word of advice... Do not go here!
We walk into the restaurant with no greeting so we seat ourselves.
We waited ten minutes before someone noticed us... should've taken this as a warning.
We kept it simple with salad, cheese bread and calzones, good to go... Not quite too difficult.
Fifteen minutes later and we still haven't received our salad.
The server, Whitney, walks by, stops, looks at my boyfriend with a confused look on her face, then looks down at her order tab then scurries off.
About five minutes later she comes back to let us know that the computer "ate" our order and she needs to retake it.
And this should've been our second clue.
Yet another fifteen minutes later we FINALLY received our salad.
Fifteen minutes for a caesar salad?
It's not that complicated.
The cheese bread comes out a few minutes later.
By this point we had already been there an hour and we still hadn't gotten our main course.
The families who arrived when we put in our order for a second time had already eaten and paid their check.
Finally the damn calzones arrive.
For this long wait I expected them to be amazing.
Wrong!
Worst calzone I have ever had.
The outside was burnt.
This inside was barely warm.
I had about five bites just because we waited so damn long for this calzone and I was starving!
The last bite I could hardly keep down.
So the server comes back with the bill.
She didn't take off a penny!
No free dessert, NOTHING!
I admit we should've said something about getting at least the $4.00 side salad off but I was afraid of what I might say to this girl.
I just wanted to get the hell out of there because we were now running late for the rest of the evening's plans.
I honestly have never not tipped a server in my life but I happily did so that evening.
Absolutely nothing!
Still hungry on our way home, we stopped at Jack in the Box.
This fast food joint operated and tasted like a five star restaurant compared to this place, Rotolo's.
I have never experienced a meal like this.
I have had good service paired with alright food, bad service with amazing food but never HORRIBLE service with HORRIBLE food.
Take my advice, please, do not go here.
You will be incredibly disappointed.

Um.. where did my original post about this restaurant GO?!
I was about to post something decent about my 2nd visit here (since my first was less than spectacular).
But seeing that somehow my first review got taken down even though I've had plenty of review cred here on yelp, that is NOT a good sign..
I gave this place a second shot on a Sunday afternoon, Whitney was our waitress.
Although she was friendly, she took a while to realize that we even stepped in.
We stood there for a while..
I thought maybe she was too busy with the people at the bar watching the football game, even though she was no where to be seen (?
) We should have left at that point..   She was really nice but seemed timid, not sure why.
The garden salad was.. a little strange.
I've never seen a salad where the ingredients were not tossed together evenly.. it was literally layers of vegetables on the plate.
Hmmm, I mixed it myself, just interesting presentation I suppose.
The 7.99 deal for the spaghetti was a pretty good deal, I had enough leftovers for dinner that night, so that was good.
Better experience this time around, food is still 'okay', need more attentive staff towards the front.
And definitely NOT allow owners to delete previous postings from credible, long members of yelp.
Fo' sho.

Stopped here while my boyfriend and I were in Mesa for the day.
This is a clean, open restaurant with plenty of seating, the bar is especially welcoming.
Bathrooms are clean, perfect place to go after work, or in the mid morning for a hangover cure.
It is also a great location, right next to an AMC and well, a Starbucks!
We had the cajun chips, a pretzel with cheese, salad, and a large pizza with mushroom and artichokes.
I like a lot of cheese on my pizza, this one had just the right amount.
We left feeling pretty full because we ate every last bit of our food, plus some beer!

Service was awesome and food was great.
Whitney helped us tonight and was very friendly.
She took care of my kids by putting on Scooby Doo and raising the volume for the kids to hear.
Also gave us home-made potato chips while waiting for food.
I ordered the Gyro pizza, pretzel twist, and raspberry sweet & spicy wings.
Gyro pizza was ok, the crust was awesome.
The pretzel twist was mediocre.
And the raspberry sweek & spicy wings had no taste beside overcooked.
They tasted good but I had to ask for some more spice to taste it.
the atmosphere was nice and the decor was very pretty.
Really liked the exposed brick walls.
Very pretty.
Would recommend.

