I just joined Yak's.
I would normally wait awhile to write a review, but I'm just so excited to share with everyone about this great gym.
I've been driving by seeing the Yak's sign on Durango and Warm Springs now for two weeks.
Conveniently, the gym I was a member at (Xpress Fitness... thumbs down for that place) closed down unexpectantly around the same time Yak's opened.
I needed a new gym and there they were.
Although it looks small from the outside, I was blown away when I went in to find out about their memberships.
All their equipment is brand new and top of the line.
I met with Chris (one of the owners).
He gave me a tour and didn't pressure me at all to sign up.
He explained the membership has no sign up fees and they are matching all the prices for other local gyms, plus throwing in 6 free months.
The part that really sealed the deal for me... it includes group fitness classes (Zumba, Pilates, Spin, Yoga, etc) with some of Vegas' best instructors.
Oh and I should mention, they have lockers, showers and tanning here as well.
I was very excited to try out my new gym, so I came back the same afternoon.
Shelly (Chris' wife and owner) was there.
She is so great!!!
She came over and showed me how to properly do several different excercises.
I feel right at home here.
I'm looking forward to using more of the equipment and of course, doing it right with Shelly's help.
Classes don't start until 8/22, but once I try them, I'll give an update on the instructors and classes.
Big thank you to Shelly and Chris for opening such an awesome gym here in Vegas!

I was looking in the neighborhood for a gym that was not huge and overpopulated where I could get a good workout on quality equipment in a good atmosphere.
If you are like me, look no further cause this is it.
They have high quality easy to use equipment, the area is immaculate and they even have a classroom for things like spin, pilates, and zumba.
I had always seen the sign as a drove by and decided to give it a try and I signed up after a very friendly and thorough walk through by one of the owners.
They are always present and willing to help.
They also sell supplements and was very knowledgeable about the use and helped me chose what was right for me.
I am very happy I joined this gym...it was just what I needed.

When it comes to small neighborhood gyms, it's like Russian roulette.
Luckily with Yaks Fitness not only did I dodge the bullet of a horrible gym experience but the barrel of the proverbial gun shot out a bouquet of flowers and unicorns came to pat me on the back!
This place is awesome, the owners of the gym are always around and extremely helpful.
The gym is always pristine and bright.
I have started to achieve my fitness goals and have never had the feeling that I was being ripped off, a new feeling that I haven't ever experienced in a mega gym.
Bottom line: this place is awesome.

I love this gym!
I was the first person to sign up when Yak's first opened in August 2011.
Ever 100 visits, the computer blares a trumpet to congratulate you for 100 visits.
I had 200 visits before the next closest member got 100 LOL.
I've been weightlifting for over 20 years and seriously lifting for the past 5 years.
I'm on paleo diet, LeanGains intermittent fasting, and I do a hardgainer/reverse pyramid strength training program.
All free weights almost no machines.
No cardio other than low intensity steady state walking.
That said, I know they gym has cardio classes, spinning classes, and tanning, but i've never used any those services so I have no idea as to the quality.
When I evaluate a gym, all I look at it is the weights.
The gym is very clean and I love how the weights are properly racked whether its 7AM or 7PM.
There is only one squat rack, but I rarely have to weight more than 5 minutes to get to use it.
There isn't a set up for dead lifts--I have to grab the bar off the incline bench (which I hardly ever see get used).
I rarely, if ever, need to wait to get to something I need.
It's not a very large gym, but I've never seen it packed and its great for doing a serious work out and getting out.
Also Shelly, Chris, and there' staff are really nice folks.

Reasonable rates, Friendly staff &  always clean.
If you live in the southwest and are looking for the best of the basics.
Yak's is the way to go.
I'm currently in my second year of enrollment and I  plan on visiting more frequently  in 2013.

I really like this gym!!
Its clean and all the equipment is new and very high quality.
I haven't had to wait to use any of the equipment yet so that a huge plus.
I definitely recommend this place to friends.

Great gym, great equipment, and awesome/friendly staff.

This is a great find in the southwest side of Las Vegas.
Excellent owners who really take pride in their business.
Superior equipment and a hand full of classes in a private room as well.
They also offer tanning.
Chris and Shelly also both offer personal training.
And some of their instructors are the same people you will see at the Big Fitness clubs here in the city.

This place is never crowded like some of the other folks and the equipment is smooth and in good condition.
There is some eye candy in here but not like the other folks.
If you want to get a pump in and not be bothered with madness than this is the place.
If you want to socialize and stare at boobs and butt-cheeks then go to other places.
It's all about putting in WORK ova here.
If you could listen to TV while on cardio equipment instead of just watch then it would get 6 stars.
Also, the employees here aren't chubby things that know nothing about fitness like at other places.
That's always good.

Nice, clean gym thats not overly packed and has plenty of equipment.
Only been here a few times but have not had any problems getting to use equipment because of waiting or lack of.
Good gym for getting back on track or maintaining.
Employees are nice as well and that makes a difference to me.

If I could give zero stars I could .Signed up when they first opened and was told with 30 day notice I could cancel my contract , only joined because my then trainer was there .
Wrong !!
When I signed up they " locked " me at a 2 year rate but could cancel at any time .
Well 2 years is up and guess what still being charged and now apparently there is no recollection of the past conversations .
This place is way too far for me to travel to and the hours aren't that convenient especially on the weekend .
If they honored their word I probably would not be so irritated .

Love this gym!
It's convenient to where I live, always clean.
Great friendly staff!
Best of all reasonable prices for memberships!
I would recommend coming in and checking them out!

My husband and I have been working out here for about 2 years, him more regularly than I have.
One of the best gyms I've been to, it's bigger than a Snap or Anytime Fitness, but not the insane meat market that is LVAC.
The gym is always very clean, rarely crowded and has excellent equipment.
The owners are serious about fitness and lifting, and that's evident in the equipment they've chosen and how it's maintained.
We recently moved so unfortunately, its no longer really possible for me to workout there, but my husband will probably continue to go here regardless because he likes it so much.
They also play pretty decent music.
I do wish they had a second squat rack, because occasionally you get someone who hogs it up for 20-30 minutes and it really messes up your workout.
Other than that or if the facility was a little bigger, I would definitely give them 5 stars.
Also, Our old gym had TV's on each piece of cardio equipment and that was a nice option, but sometimes the tv's wouldn't work or would have static - so it's not the end all-be all.
Overall a fantastic gym.

It really has everything you'd want at a larger gym.
I came here after I left 24 Hour Fitness.
I prefer smaller gyms.
It has 1 squat rack and lots of dumbbells.
Even a cardio room if you're into that.
It's extremely cleaner than most other gyms.
The staff vacuums and cleans equipment regularly.
The ONLY problem I have is that it's not open 24/7.
Otherwise I recommend this gym.

I love this place and this gym.
The owners are so nice and their employees are polite.
I have been a member for 2+ years and never had an issue.
They now offer Zumba classes and the instructors are the BOMB!
And you can lift weights after some awesome cardio!
I do wish they would open at 5:30am.
6am is not early enough whe you work at 8am and have to shower and make a long drive I vegas traffic :/

I attended a Zumba class at this gym.
The instructor, Justin, was absolutely amazing!
He had great energy and it was easy to follow his instruction.
He made everyone in the room want to dance for the entire hour.
The room was a little small for a class that size but the instructor made it all worth while.
I highly recommend zumba classes with Justin at Yak's!

I love this gym!
Never to packed has all the  Essential equipment.
Now if I could just get my ars in there more often,slacking.

I've been with this gym for about a year and a half now and have been pleased with my overall membership.
The gym membership prices are competitIve in comparison to other gyms this size along with the services and equipment offered.
The owners are very friendly and are passionate about fitness and health.
The gym is clean with well maintained equipment and bathrooms.
They have a decent selection of free weights, dumbells, machines, and cardio equipment.
Most members I've met seem very nice and polite and are there to train, not stand around admiring themselves in the mirror taking up space, time, and equipment like I've seen at other gyms.
I mostly keep to myself and get my routine done in a decent amount of time due to the  equipment being readily available and not being overly crowded.
Overall, if you're looking to work out and are serious about working out, I think you will be pleased with this gym!

