When I saw the "Now Open" sign over this shop, I immediately went from the far right lane to the far left to make a U-turn.
An amazing store for home decor!
When visiting family in another state, a trip to Rod Works was always on the to-do list.
The company recently started franchising, with one in Las Vegas and now one in Higley, AZ.
There's none of the frou-frou, too-cute stuff you see elsewhere.
This is all about wrought iron, hammered tin vases and decorations, glazed enamel, unusual wall decor, and so much more.
Be sure to sign up on the email list and get a punch card to earn $15 off.
Prices are reasonable and there is always good stuff on the clearance shelves.

Beware ... this is not a place your wife can just go into "for a minute" You are stuck for at least and hour (if you are lucky) Don't get me wrong its an amazing store (if you are a woman) but don't go there expecting to get out quickly (if you are a man)   This place has any and every kind of decoration possible - prices are good.
I have been to similar stores (even reviewed similar stores) and these prices are a TON better compared.
If you are needing to decorate your home - check it out.
And Yes, they have way much more than just rod and iron works stuff.
Awesome place.

I'm in L*O*V*E with this store.
I went here for the first time on Wednesday and was back on Saturday.
And yes, there is no such thing as just popping in for a minute.
It's like a home decor black hole.
It's not  huge space, but you can go through the whole store several times  and still see something new on each pass.
There is a lot of iron pieces, but so much more.
You can find something for every room of the house, no matter what your taste is.
Modern, country, traditional or Victorian!
The staff is so helpful...bring in a picture of the space you'd like to find something for and they will find the perfect piece to fill it.
True story.
The space above my tv is no longer nekkid.
No breaking the pocket book either.
I usually shy away from these specialty stores because they mark up the product so much, but not here.
I was very very happy that I discovered this store.

This adorable home decor store just happens to be right in my neighborhood!
I stumbled across a deal for this store off at PlumDistrict.com.
The deal was for $20 for $40 of home decor from Rod Works.
I happened to have a coupon for Plum District for an extra 25% off any deal, taking this deal to a steal at $15 for $40!!
Anyways, being the shopper that I am, I was off to spend my deal certificate the next afternoon.
Upon my arrival I was greeted with a cornucopia of decor ideas, creative displays & unique pieces.
I walked through the store and was almost overwhelmed with the selection.
There were 3 ladies working at the store at the time and they seemed to be doing some pretty good business.
The ladies working were friendly, helpful and even helped by offering some suggestions for what I was looking for.
I found everything to be moderately priced and well put together, noting seemed cheaply made and they had a nice selection of rod iron items.
The prices on items are more then that of what you would expect to pay at Marshalls or Ross but less then you would expect to pay at Pier One or Pottery Barn.
Here is what I purchased:  18"x36" Cool metal multi-colored wall art - $36.95 + 50% off burnt coral & bronze candle pillars - $10.95 (med) & 14.95 (large) mult-bead string accents - $6.95 12'x18" painted wooden wall hanging - $24.95  Overall, I enjoyed my shopping experience here and look forward to shopping here again in the future!

I have been in Rod Works twice and each time I was disappointed.
The decor that Rod Works offers is just Ross finds remarked and overpriced.
The staff needs some serious lessons in customer service.
I was never greeted, asked if I was looking for something in particular or thanked for my purchase (don't worry I wont be purchasing anything from there again).
On my last visit I asked if I may set a breakable item at the counter that I wished to purchase so that I could continue to shop and was regarded in a snotty tone by a woman standing behind the counter that she "didnt work there".
I get the impression that this store is just a hobby for some spoiled housewife who's husband has a real job and instead of taking care of her home and children she sits behind the counter of her store gossiping and ignoring customers.
If I want to be treated poorly and be ignored Ill just shop at Walmart.
More than likely I will find the same items for sale at a fraction of the cost.

Great home decor store.
Your go to place for iron scroll works.
It can be overwhelming as there is a lot of merchandise in a small amount of space.
Decent prices on most things.

I've come here twice and have enjoyed my experiences.
I was able to score some adorable lanterns for home décor, bought my sister a vintage chalkboard for her upcoming wedding and some coasters for my dining table.
I did have to return a wall plate I bought for a light switch, just because it didn't fit, but other than that, very much enjoy my purchases!
The store is filled now with Christmas decorations!
There's tons of stuff everywhere and have items to fill pretty much any room in the house.
It's easy to get carried away here but totally worth a look!
Check it out, I'm sure you will either get some great craft ideas or end up buying something!

My team gave me a gift card to Rod Works as part of my going away present.
I had received various gifts from a particular co-worker from this location over the past couple of years, so I was excited to get to shop here for myself.
The store is well-organized and the staff is *really* nice.
Walking into a smaller store I expected to be pestered to death with lots of "suggestions" and "Can I help you"s - but I was left alone after an initial greeting.
The women who rang me up took the time to wrap up my glass pieces in bubble wrap, despite the growing line behind me during the busy holiday season.
The location of this store is perfect for people who live in Queen Creek, Gilbert, Chandler, etc.
- and I know they have other locations.
The decor is primarily "rustic" - as the name would suggest.
I found some goodies for my brother-in-law, a set of glass hurricane lanterns for my MIL, and a couple of adorable picture frames for myself.
They run good sales, they are super nice, and they have lots of cutesy stuff in a store that is not overcrowded in the least.
I say go.

Love love love this store!
I stumbled upon it between appointments and came home with great decor for my home as well as Mother's Day gifts.
Prices are definitely reasonable and there is a wide variety of items for both inside and home and out.

