I love this restaurant.
The sushi is good and the menu is spectacular.
My favorites include the; Ye's roll, Spicy-Crispy Tuna.
This place is busy but well organized so I don't find that you have to wait too long for anything.

This location of Ye's opened up just before I moved away from the area.
My brother introduced me to it as he has been a fan for years, having frequented the Waterloo location in years gone by.
I was fairly new to sushi and found the quality of food here above average.
The other bonus is that it is AYCE.
The decor of the restaurant is very nice and the staff is prompt, although, sometimes orders are lost.
That is surprising considering you order by writing your selections on slips at the table.
They do have a large selection, a favorite of which is spicy salmon.
Ye's was really missed after I moved away but I finally have a local AYCE that is 5 star quality both in the food quality and presentation.
Before that, I would have rated Ye's at 5 stars but now know that it is not quite up to par with my new local favorite.
Be that as it may, I will be going back to Ye's next time I am in the area as I have done many times before.

It's average.
If you're in the mood for sushi and are in the area it's worth swinging by.
Sashimi - sliced a bit thin for my liking.
Tempura was okay.
M Fried rice needed more flavour.
Maki and hand rolls were all good but nothing to write home about.
If you're a sushi fan you'll be disappointed - it's not great and not bad, but given the ambiance it'll leave you wanting.
If you're new to sushi it'll be a good meal.

Great sushi and service is quick as well.
Our sales teams go to sushi spot in Cambridge usually for lunch but came for dinner this time.
Get the crab pizza it's prime time!

Went in here for dinner tonight.
It's a nice looking place that offers only all you can eat options.
I had a couple rolls and some sushi, it was all good enough, but nothing special.
It felt like it was made quickly because of the 'all you can eat' aspect.
I've been to all you can eat places that took the time to make interesting rolls with a bit more flavor.
I ordered a spicy tuna that had no spice to it and a dragon roll that I couldn't really identify the fish in.
Overall it was good for a quick dinner and the staff was friendly enough.

Came in for dinner on Tuesday with colleagues of mine.
We made a reservation in advance, which was a good idea since the place was bustling by the time I arrived later.
I'm not a big fan of AYCE sushi places to be honest.
I always end up leaving there feeling fat, bloated and guilty.
Luckily I went for a run that morning which helped displace some of my fat guilt.
The service was mediocre - empty dishes sat at the edge of our table for quite a whole before someone came to clear them away.
The salmon sashimi was reasonably fresh looking and tasting - but the others such as surf clam looked to have been purchased pre-sliced and didn't have as much freshness.
The only other complaint I would have is that not everything you ever order on your order sheet ever makes it to the table.
I think it is just an unwritten rule that you'll get only as much as 80% of the items you order or 80% of the quantity you requested.
This likely won't be my last time here..
But I'll probably feel the same regrets after feeling like a beached whale again.

