I love the Chicken kebab plate... it is awesome, the flavor, portion it's all there :)  They charge to use your card...
I'm not a fan .. so I call for delivery when I have cash... for principal, they have very long delivery times like an hour... they say 20 min but it's an hour so call before your hungry....other than that pretty good.

We have ordered delivery from Sofia's 8 times now through Eat24Hours.
This last order was now the 6th time the restaurant has failed to read directions on our order.
Sometimes certain items in my order are just simply not delivered at all.
Sofia's doesn't seem to be able to put their heads on straight, so we're taking our business elsewhere.
So sick of your screw-ups!
Cya!

We just enjoyed lunch at Sophia's.
This place is amazing.
Even though we've got a few pizza and kebob places nearer to home (about 250 miles away) we happened to have a restaurant.com certificate and thought we would give it a try.
Showed up and no one was here.
It's a not a very large restaurant, but they have an extensive menu!
From Italian to Middle Eastern.
We ordered the XLarge Steak Pizza ($16.99) which is about the middle of the road size they have and it was awesome.
The crust was soft, but crispy on the bottom.
Unlike other pizza's we've had this one had no oily/greasy feel or taste.
Also ordered the Beef Chicken combo ($13.95)  It was out of this world.
Such Great Flavor!
If you're in the area, it's definately worth a try!
For the person that gave this place one star...
There has to be a reason your ordered from them "8 Times"!!
They are good.
Don't use a 3rd party "Eat24Hours" if they keep fudging up the order.
Call Sofia's directly!
I doubt highly they will mess up and if they do, I'm sure they'll fix it prompty.
If you eat there they also have a couple of very nice big screens mounted on the walls.

Quite disappointed.
Ordered a bacon cheeseburger with fries and a veggie plate.
The burger was nothing special and the fries were really salty.
The Veggie Plate:  The hummus was so oily!
It also had a stange taste to it.
The spanikopita was soggy.
The falafel was inedible.
The dolmades (stuffed grape leaves) were "ok".
I also ordered feta cheese, it was way over salted.
Basically, out of the whole plate, I managed to eat only the stuffed grape leaves.
The rest of the plate was pretty inedible.
We will not be ordering from this place again.

The gyro plate and feta and everything is so good that I can't help but fantasize that I am some secret agent ready to take a bullet for Sofia's Cafe.
I keep a steely hawk eyed stare at all times to protect her and I utilize brutal forms of open handed combat inspired by the wild boar in order to better defend her honor.
The grape leaves are really good and the yogurt sauce should just be called yogi sauce since it activates my deeper inner realms of enlightenment with the sheer yum yum of it.
The baba ganoush woops some bunghole too!

Well to start the delivery driver showed up SMOKING A CIGARETTE AND DRENCHED IN SWEAT while holding the food.
That is absolutely not ok, its not just the kitchen staff that should be trained in sanitation.
I ordered a salad with a scoop of tuna, the salad was average but the tuna was dark brown with mayo slapped on top, not mixed at all and had a horribly sour smell.
Safe to say I didn't eat it.
It was a waste of money and i will be calling the health department when they open on monday.
What a disgrace.

DO NOT ORDER THE CHILI.
I ordered a sandwich and a bowl of chili.
The sandwich was very good, but the chili tasted like marinara sauce and salsa mixed together.

We stopped in for lunch on a Saturday and had a Gyro Plate, a Lamb Souvlaki plate, and Dolmades.
The food was wonderful and plentiful.
There are tables, but no table service.
Place your order at counter and expect to wait while it is prepared.
It is not a fast-food place with a dollar menu, so relax and be prepared to spend some cash for quality cuisine.

Got a steak hoagie from Sofia's as takeout and was really disappointed when i got home and opened the bag.
This is what they advertise their sandwich as: Subs and grinders are served on a fresh Italian roll.
Subs are topped with fresh lettuce, tomatoes, onions and mayo.
Grinders are baked until golden brown.
Deluxe includes French fries.
Combo includes French fries and a small fountain drink or can of soda.
First off, I had to basically build my sandwich.
The bread wasn't sliced open fully, more like sliced to make a pocket in which a minimal amount of thin sliced steak (which was tasty) was crammed, and about a half a head of shredded lettuce was jammed into (which mostly fell out) it.
The tomatoes were cut like someone had done it with a butter knife and were on top of my fries, (this is not due to carrying the bag, I was careful) There was no onions anywhere, nor mayo, or any condiments at all.
I got the combo, and my fries were really, really really really salty... once I had a bite of one I immediately had to have a sip of root-beer that was included in my meal.
I can't be for certain because I took one sip and immediately spit it out as my soda tasted like someone hooked a liquid soap dispenser to the soda fountain.
Between part of my sandwich having been missing, overly salty fries, putrid fountain soda, no napkins and slow sloppy service ( I didn't include that part of my experience, but when you see a customer walk into your spot, you should think about greeting them and asking if they've been served) I'm really not sure how this place stays in business.
My experience was pretty bad just based on food quality and I will not be back for any reason, will not be suggesting this spot to anyone that is actually looking to have a decent meal.

Food is excellent!!
Small little quiet place to stop buy for lunch or dinner .
Grilled chicken salad is delicious .

