place to play pool ,  place to chill , they even got internet pc cafe inside with blazing fast connection and great pc's.
check it out for ur self!

To start off, it is mainly a pool hall.
However it is more catered to those who play carom.
They also have three 8-ball billiards tables.
They have an internet cafe with good computer and fast connection with many of the popular games.
I'm sure a game can be requested if not there.
They have 2 PS3s as well with some Call of Duty games, Street Fight X Tekken, FIFA 2012, and PES 2012.
It's also very very clean on the inside, unlike Cue D's which is always full of smoke and it's hard to breathe inside.
As for prices, 8-ball is about 9 dollars per hour, however, it doesn't matter how many people you have with you!
The Carom tables are about 11-15 dollars an hour, which isn't bad either.
The service is literally top notch at Gorilla.
They're literally always ready to serve you.
They offer anything they can to fulfill your every need.
They're also very friendly and easy to get along with.
They make the experience 10 times better!

Very chill place to play multiple types of billiard games, pc games, and video games!
They're all reasonably and decently priced as well.
-A game of 8 ball is normally about $9 an hour.
-The other games such as "sagu" is about $11-12 from what I remember.
There are A LOT more tables for sagu then pocket tables as well.
As for the computer games, lots and lots of options.
Everything from Steam-powered games to Blizzard games and even other RPG games featuring LoL and such.
Computers are very fast and if there are ever any issues, just let the workers know and they will be more than happy to assist you in your technical difficulties.
Speaking of staff, they are very friendly and warm-hearted, especially if you're a regular.
PC games are normally $3 per hour which is quite standard.
There's also a deal for 10 hours for $25, saving you $5 in one total payment rather than accumulating increments of $3 per hour.
This is actually quite nice to those who plan on spending hours and hours there because once you start knowing the owner, he will spare you free hours from time to time.

This review is just for the pool hall side because I haven't really hung out in the PC-bang side.
Well-kept tables, balls, and cues; they're practically brand new!
Great lighting for shooting pool (it's bright).
The workers are very friendly and the pricing is reasonable.
They provide free, unlimited coffee (careful, it definitely keeps you wired!
) and plenty of snacks and cup noodles for a couple bucks each.
It is a Korean pool hall, so there are a lot of smokers (hence the free lighters they give away hehe), but for a pool hall it is very well ventilated.
Compared to other pool halls/pool bars, this place hardly ever gets too smoky, which is great for all my non-smoking friends.
There are 3 standard-size pocket tables and bunch more billiards tables for 4-ball, which is a fun and challenging pool game with no pockets.
There are also 3-ball tables for any advanced billiards players.
The establishment is BYOB, so you can bring your own alcohol in; they do not have a liquor license, so they do not serve alcohol.
You can also bring outside food in or have food delivered.
They are so flexible to your needs so you'll feel right at home.
The place also never gets too crowded, which is great for shooting serious games.
Amazing spot!
So happy we found it :)

The place is very chill and very clean.
Us white folk tend to gravitate towards the pool tables, but since the place appears to be a Korean hangout spot, the more popular game is something called carom (?).
It's tougher than regular billiards and not really my thing, but this is probably the only spot in Vegas where you can play it.
Give it a try!
The staff here is also really friendly and they keep the place clean.
I can see this definitely being a go-to spot if you're serious about playing pool (or carom).
My only complaint is that a lot of the Koreans enjoy their smokes (nothing wrong with that), but expect your clothes to smell like cigarettes if you spend more than hour in there.

These guys thought I was Korean based upon my looks ahahahaha.
When I finally waved over the bartender, he explained to me in English that I was a very quiet Korean.
As a matter of fact, I am Chinese 100% as I explained to him but I am not offended.
One thing I noticed when I walked in was the incredibly bright lights.
Usually a "bar" is a darkened venue, but I realized that this place is more of a gaming lounge, specifically for Starcraft 2 and League of Legends.
Now I am not Asian enough to care about either (I do have SC2) but I did noticed that the customer base here is roughly 99% Asian and one random white dude.
And of that Asian demographic, about 80% of them are Korean, and the entirety of the Asians are male.
I thought the one girl playing PC games in the cafe would be the only exception but the bartender/cashier told me she works here too.
However, on to the good stuff.
This place has some pretty cheap Korean wines.
I personally never had Korean wine before, nor have i heard of it before i came inside.
I bought a ENTIRE bottle for only EIGHT DOLLARS!
I was surprised when the bartender handed me a shot glass.
Then i looked at the ABV label and it is rated at 19.5%!
Holey shit!
You call this wine?!?
It smells and tastes like sweetened vodka to me!
It looks like water that gets you drunk, FAST!
I had only 4 shots of this Chum-Churum Soju substance and my stomach felt warm!
Couldn't even spell correctly on my iPhone.
Great products!

If you love to play Pool then this is a good spot to do it at, The place is very clean, not your typical Bar-like establishment,  limited alcohol vending but not a problem still a very cool, clean and quiet place to have some fun.
The folks there allow food delivered to you while enjoying yourself .

I was browsing around yelp and found this place.
Its near by my house so I went to check it out.
I give it a 3 star cuz it's not non smoking.
Although, the service was excellent.
They serve some snacks and drinks.
They also have computer games and couple pool tables.
Not a bad place.

Gorilla cafe has a great, friendly staff.
They usually want to get to know the customers and welcomes everyone to come back.
The environment is very clean, a little smokey, but has multiple activities.
There are plenty of pool and billiards tables(big and small).
They just recently got lights installed over the pool tables, but does not affect the pc/land center because it is in a separate room.
In this room, people can play the latest play station games like Call of Duty:Ghost, Fifa, GTA5, etc.
But most people go there for the fast Internet to play League of Legends.
They also hold L.O.L tournaments every few months.
Billiards tournaments are held every Sunday and Wednesday.
You can win all sorts of prizes.
They also have a monthly raffle.

