ZAP~!
I had a serious electrical problem caused by my stove.
I was seeing sparks when I plugged my stove in at the outlet and the main power box.
They sent out a guy promptly.
The guy was PROFESSIONAL, THOROUGH, HONEST, and FRIENDLY.
He explained everything he did, and showed me what caused the problem and how to prevent it in the future.
He checked my outlet, main house wiring, and cleaned up/tightened up wherever he checked.
Turned out the previous stove owner had made repairs to some wires inside the stove, and left it in a state of extreme fire hazard.
Hadn't even bother to tighten the screws all the way holding the wires.
House fires have been caused from the same problem.
He offered me a few options, and the final cost was reasonable.
sweeeeeeeeeet.......

I'm VERY happy with this small company's service, honesty, and promptness.
Highly recommended!
Half my power went out last night, including my AC.
Wet clothes in the washer and dryer too.
I spent a warm, restless night waiting for morning so I could call someone in to fix it.
Not realizing how early it was, I called at 6:45am (before office hours) this morning and the woman who answered was just waking up.
She was very kind and forgiving and had someone to my house at 9:30am.
Kevin quickly found the source of the problem and replaced a bad breaker at the pedestal outside.
By 10:30am I had my power back.
Reasonable cost and very prompt service earned Efficient Electric 5-stars and my future business!

Panel change out.
I checked with several contractors and the prices ranged from $3600 to $1300.
EE was not the lowest bid (but almost).
I liked they were licensed, bonded and insured and a member of the BBB.
Changing a panel is not rocket science but they did it right, took about 3 hours, the rest of the day was spent waiting for the City of Phoenix to earn their "permit fee" - at least when I pay my doctor $150 I get an appointment-and, of course SRP to re-energize the system.. A four hour job wound up being all day- not always the case, just be warned.
I had good communications with Tamira, they kept me up-to-date and even filed the permit for me at no extra charge.
Even had Greg add a dedicated circuit while they were waiting around!

