I'm a huge fan of the Sway Pool.
The Sway is not pretentious like the major hotel/casino pools on the strip.
What you see here, is what you get.
Quaint cabanas for $50.
Split this with 3-4 friends/family members...what a deal!
$5 floatation rentals?
Now that's just nickel & diming it...
The palm trees & lime green umbrellas set as a backdrop for the aqua blue lounge pads makes for festive yet serine poolside scenery.
Bring your big beach towel unless you want to use up two pool towels to cover the lounge chairs head to toe.
The pool itself is quite small in comparison to other casino pools & is only 4.5 feet at it's deepest end.
Tiny round 5-6 person in-ground jacuzzi on a timer seems quite inconspicuous & almost unnoticeable.
The pool area is in need of an outdoor shower system, restroom facilities & or changing area.
Local Vegas residents are welcomed & usually spotted as they change into their pool attire under wrapped towels...there's really something spectacular about a woman that can change into a 2-piece bikini from under a sundress in under 15 seconds!
The poolside wait staff tries to be as quick as possible.
Blondie pool server with the stars tats up her back, shoulder & arms is fast & accommodating.
The few hours that we were poolside, she always made sure we were taken care of or asked if we needed anything never leaving my drink glass dry.
Drink & food prices are reasonable.
Outdoor speakers pump out top 40 throughout.
This is a great pool for the whole family.
However, I'm always weary of the kids & tweens who spend most all day in the pool or poolside who seem never the need for a restroom break.
Yet another public announcement by deez® & as always, message approved!
Thanks for reading & have a great day and/or night!

We love the Sway Pool.
It's not like a loud and rowdy Strip pool, which is what we like so much.
We rent a Cabana about every other weekend and have gotten to know the staff fairly well.
The cabana's are $100 Fri-Sun and $75 Mon-Thurs.
If there is a poolside concert, then the cabana's are $150.
The prices are the food/beverage minimum for the cabana.
They have bottle service and a food menu with salads, apps, sandwiches and pizza for poolside lunch.
There are six cabanas:  101-103 are pretty much in the sun and 104-106 are on the shady side of the pool.
The cabanas are not the full enclosed cabanas that you find for $500+/day on the strip, but are nice for what we pay.
They have a loveseat, two chairs, coffee table and two chaise lounges.
Lots of pillows included.
Each side of the cabana has curtains you can keep tied back or close for more privacy or shade.
The service is much better than what we would get on the strip.
It's quick and friendly.
So far we've encountered Brittany, Sarah, Dallas, Megan and Joey and all of them have already made it a point to know our names and preferences.
Precious (Manager) is always friendly and accommodating to our every whim.
A huge part of our coming back are the staff and their great attitudes (and lack of attitude if you get my drift).
It's a family friendly pool, but it is never overrun with kids and it's fairly quiet most days.
Yesterday I actually fell asleep on the lounger for a while.
I recommend highly to locals who want a quiet day at the pool!

Cool place to relax and more family oriented.
Not the place to come if you're one of those types who wanna "see and be seen" like those cesspools of nastiness at the better known pools (Rehab, Wet Republic, etc) which is totally fine with me!
Pool Attendants were great, always checking up if we needed anything, and totally took care of us throughout the day.
Only one pool and a hot tub there, but there are a lot of loungers and ample shaded areas.
Hours are 9am-5pm with a $5 cover for locals on Weekends, pool attendant didn't charge us though, and towels are also provided.
Water bottles are allowed and their drinks were okay as was their pizza which was from inside the food court.
Looking for a place to unwind without the party scene?
Check this place out...ALOHA!!

I used to frequent this pool 3 summers ago.
We had planned to make this our pool this summer but I think I will be looking at the M pool now.
I like that this is off the Strip, as I'm looking to relax at the pool and not party hard core with the party people at the major strip hotels.
We went twice this passed weekend, and I will explain why they now deserve such a low rating.
First day we had gone, we grabbed two lounge chairs and decided to have a couple cocktails.
When we get our check, our bill was $75, so we leave $90.
We get home and start thinking "why was our bill so high"?
We called the pool and they told us there is an automatic 20% gratuity added to the bill, and that we should know that because it is clearly written on the menu.
We tell the mgr "we didn't even look at a menu, so how would we know that if that wasn't disclosed to us OR written on the receipt" (there is still a spot on the receipt to write in a tip) no where on the receipt does it disclose this, nor did the waitress let us know.
So essentially she received a 40% tip.
They ended up refunding us the tip that was written in.
So, we had plans to return in two days, as we had reserved a cabana.
Again, it was my friend and I, when the waitress had asked if anyone was joining us we said possibly one more, she tells us they will have to pay the $5 entry fee for the weekends.
What?
I'm paying for a cabana, no way are they going to pay an entrance fee.
The rules of the cabanas are, Monday - Thursday:  $75 food and beverage minimum & Friday - Sunday:  $100 food and beverage minimum.
You don't actually pay for the cabana, which is a great deal, I could easily spend that on food and drinks.
Cabanas are minimalistic (no TV or fridge).
End of the day, we recieve our bill, again, nothing that states automatic gratuity on the check, nor did our waitress say anything.
Only when I asked did she disclose that.
I'm sorry that is really shitty business.
That being said, here are the pros and cons of this place;  Pros:  1.
Close to home and off the strip, it's nice to have somewhere close to home    to just chill.
Decent lounge chairs & umbrellas  3.
Decent size pool, nice temperature 4.
Cheap price on cabana rentals 5.
Background music  Cons:  1.
You will be surrounded by people from the 909 area code, i.e.
the Inland Empire.
Small food menu, the food is from the Sundance Grill, their cafe, if you want something that is on the Sundance Grill menu but not on the pool menu, they will make you go get it yourself, not run it to you.
Small towels, bring your own or ask for two.
NO BATHROOM OUTSIDE.
Who designed this?
You have to walk inside the casino, through registration, to go to the bathroom.
When you see the kids in the pool ALL day and not take a bathroom break, you know what's going on.
Watered down cocktails.

Smaller pool area compared to other casinos, but it doesn't get very packed and there are plenty of chairs to go around.
They have a bar as well as waitresses that walk around the pool area taking drink orders.
Drink prices are a lot more reasonable than on the strip and locals can enter the pool area for free Mon-Fri.

Came here for a concert which was pretty cool.
But the pool was kind of depressingly small and uninviting overall.
The hot tub is a hole in the ground, and the drinks were pretty expensive.
Perhaps it's just a small pool for a relatively small casino, but considering a lot of it looks new, it was just unimpressive overall.

I attended a yelp CMYE here on Saturday night to watch the Fatal 80s in concert.
The pool area was very nice and we had the perfect weather.
We had a section of 3 cabanas and lounge chairs.
Everything was very nice and comfortable.
All of the staff we met were great and very enthusiastic about the concert series.
I particularly enjoyed this concert as I am a big fan of 80s music.
The band was a great choice for this concert, as they interacted with the crowd around the venue, and guests could even swim during the concert.
There was an outdoor bar as well.
We got free pairs of tickets for future concerts by checking into the Silverton Casino, and I think we will be back for the tribute to No Doubt soon!

Came down to check out the Wine down Wednesday.
First two free samples of wine is free, after that you can purchase tickets to get more wine!
Really it was a deal at $4.00 a glass!
I wish I could remember the name of the winery(I'm sometimes forgetful on details :( ) It was good wine, they had a Sauvignon Blanc, a Rose and one other which I don't remember the type.
But by far was the entertainment!
A one man band type guy, The Cornwell Project, preformed by Jeremy Cornwell was absolutely fantastic!
He pre-recorded beats before each song then sang and played the guitar and controlled the beats with his footboard.
Wow!
Really awesome!
Looks like he plays at The Linq but definitely check him out!
Thanks Silverton and Sunny 106.5 for hosting an awesome event!
http://www.jeremycornwellproject.com

The Music was awesome however the pool is really to small for a casino of this size.
I just feel they should close down the pool for the winter and build an appropriate size pool.
As I stated with the exception of the pool everything else was great, especially the music.
This was my 1st wine tasting event and I wish I had found about them earlier because I will be attending many more of them as they pop up.

