JSK Taekwondo is great.
The family atmosphere is awesome.
I can't imagine going anywhere else.
Keep up the great work!

JSK TKD has something to offer the whole family.
The tenets of TKD reinforce the values and life skills I am teaching my son and having Mr. Joe there to help reinforce this is incredible.
I also took my first fitness kickboxing class and loved it!
I'm looking forward to my next class and getting back into my favorite jeans.
Will you join us?

This TKD studio is the place to be for kids!
They offer several classes throughout the week for children of all ages, as well as classes for adults too.
I have gone on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays to watch, and every day, the older kids class is packed!
But Master Joe pays attention to each and every student.
The little tykes class is smaller, which is great for young minds.
Another plus is they organize fun things to do besides class, like class pictures in fun poses (kicking, etc), a lock-in sleepover, and there is even a Kick-a-thon coming up in December to raise money for a local charity.
I would recommend this studio to anyone interested in learning TaeKwon Do!

I can't say enough about how AMAZING this place is.
My children are 9 and 6.
My 9 year old is not very talented in sports, especially team sports, but I wanted him to be active.
He was also having a difficult time in school socially and I wanted to find something to build up his self-confidence.
Master Joe has a fabulous demeanor and the kids respond beautifully to him.
He know EVERY SINGLE CHILD in his classes, no matter how many attend, and he calls each one of them by their name.
He and his team of Black Belt helpers work with the kids to develop proper techniques and form.
The kids advance according to their skill level, but no child is left behind.
Master Joe even took time to go to my son's school classroom to expose the children to Tae Kwon Do.
It was an excellent experience for my son as he used him to demonstrate techniques to the class.
I could tell my boy felt amazing after that session.
This is a family run business, and Kate, Joe's wife and partner works with each family to determine which classes and events will spark your child's interest.
This is an incredibly positiive place that I feel blessed to have found.
Master Joe continually teaches respect, focus and control...what child doesn't need to learn some of that??

What a great place for children to learn discipline, listening skills, respect and TaeKwonDo with a teacher who is great with children.
My son is 5 years old and has Mr. Joe in his preschool every Thursday.
Nicholas liked it so much I signed him up every Tuesday after school at the JSK center.
My son loves the class and his confidence level is off the charts.
I too have signed up for Adult Kickboxing Cardio class.
Its so great!
releases stress, its fun and will be putting me into shape soon!
thanks for making it all fun Mr. Joe!

I'm really liking TKD so far because the whole experience is based on discipline and respect.
Mr. Joe has the kids turn to bow at all of the parents at the beginning and the end of class, and they have to shout Yes, Sir!
in response to everything, and he won't let anyone in the class continue in their routines until everyone has responded appropriately.
And they love him.
He is very patient and kind, and consistently redirects their focus when they stray.
Tough task in a crowd of 5-7 year olds!

JSK TaeKwonDo is an awesome school!
I have been researching schools in the Phoenix area for a few years now.
I never found one that I thought I would like for various reasons.
I started learning TaeKwon-Do when I was 14, I am not 54.
I learned the traditional TaeKwon-Do that General Choi Hong Hi started as well as starting the International TaeKwonDo Federation.
There are many offshoots of TaeKwon-Do and I wanted a school that adhered to this style.
I also wanted a school that was not super hard core, or military-esque.
Mr. Joe Karstadt  is the owner and founder of JSK.
If I wanted to create the perfect school, it would be this one.
Mr. Joe is an excellent teacher, very thorough, informative, fun, and most importantly and expert in TaeKwon-Do.
He has tons of kids classes and they all love him.
I have seen some of JSK's very young students reach black belt and not only did they receive the belt, but they deserved it.
This is all due to his teachings.
The Dojang is fully equipped with mats, punch bags, mirrors...you name it, its there.
If you are looking for a fun, but accurate way of learning TaeKwon-Do, this is the place for you.
No matter what your age, fitness level, goals, Mr. Joe is your answer.
I started as I said when I was 14, but stopped when I was about 17.
I reached Red Belt.
I dabbled in some other styles off and on over the years, but I essentially have had over a 30 year absence.
One of my worries was that I would not be able to do this again, or the style of TaeKwon-Do would of changed so much that I would be unable to adapt.
Neither of this was true.
Mr. Joe gave me the confidence to even try it again and he has shown me that not only is it the same, but that he is teaching it the same.
He is very good at motivating you.
He is respectful to you at all times (this was an important thing to me).
I have seen some instructors talk down to the students, or act all high and mighty...not the case here.
I just cant say enough good things about Mr. Joe and the school.
I hope you can come by and see what I mean.
It will be one of the best decisions you have ever made!

