Wow what a fun little antique,etc.
store I stumbled across the other day!
I stopped in at the Starbucks for a refresher and noticed all of this funky stuff out in front of the store!
I went inside and it was a combination of an 19th century hardware store and art walk.
There was just a little bit of everything- some vintage, shabby chic, crystal door pulls - industrial - toys.
The owners are great and are going to help me find a little period table I've been searching for.
Lot of great accents!
I'm hooked!
I'll be back with a vengence!

I was literally jogging by a few weeks ago and I noticed the store was open later than usual for a "Customer Appreciation Day.
" Having never gone in, I decided to browse.
Not to sound too girly, but I saw a set of cupcake-theme coasters that came with a cute stand.
I had to have them but I only had $5 with me; they were priced at $18.
Generally, I do not carry my George Costanza-esque wallet when jogging.
I asked if they could hold it but darn it, they would be closed the next two days (they are closed Sunday/Monday).
I started showing the owner pictures of cupcakes I have baked so she could see how much I wanted the coasters, LOL.
She got such a kick out of it that she said "How about I give them to you for $5 then?
" I said I could come back with the rest of the money but she said "No, I *want* you to have it.
" How genuinely nice is that?
I actually came back a couple weeks later with cupcakes I baked and an offer to pay the rest of the $18.
She refused and hugged me for bringing baked goods to her.
Awwww....now I'm not saying everyone oughta go there and try bartering with pastries, hehe.
What I am saying is know that patronizing that store means your money is going toward a lovely shop owner and her family.
And of course, they actually have some lovely things.
I recommend if it's not your usual neighborhood, stop in you happen to be nearby.

We've just (really) returned from Phoenix, and after a five and a half hour drive, I find myself a bit groggy.
However, I feel compelled to review For the Love of Old, as it was our first stop on a mid-century buying binge that left me feeling like Hunter S. Thompson at the end.
Owners have excellent taste--price right and really have an eye for aesthetics.
Not a big place, so every decision counts.
One of the owners said she felt blessed to be able to do this sort of work--and believe me, it shows.
Organic talent that brings the best to those who really appreciate it.
Outstanding!
Going to sleep now!

