Staff is personable and efficient

I was so disappointed when I came in.
I expect a long wait at the post office, I expect at least one crying child and at least one person violating my space.. All of that I can live with but incompetence usually drives me a little nuts.
I needed a P.O.
Box and decided to pay for my box and fill out the rental form online in an attempt to expedite my process.
When it was finally my turn to speak with an agent he seemed totally befuddled with the paperwork, mind you, this is the paperwork directly from the USPS website.
He asked questions that were clearly marked on the paper and in general seemed completely confused.
It was a frustring experience and I look forward to not having to speak with an agent for a long time...

We had something sent certified mail and of course with our schedule we will miss it so we had to pick it up here.
This is the longest line I've ever seen during a normal, not Christmas week at a regular ole office.
I don't know how they say the post offices are losing money when there's constant flow.
You know how there's normally a pickup window?
Yeah no, you have to get in that long ass line.
I guess they tried their best to get through people efficiently.
This one somehow has so many people getting passports which I'm not sure why as I thought all usps have that service.
Nearly half the people holding the line was people signing in, asking questions about it in between the line of passports and packages being helped.
No USPS is really too pleasant, but I hope we don't get certified mail me need to pick up on a Saturday here again.

What a depressing shithole... Every employee should be on suicide watch.
I go to a post office once a year and it gets so much worse each time.
When are they going out of business again??
I went in, used a machine, dropped my box and left.
EVERYONE in line looked miserable.
The one employee I spoke with was friendly, the others looked like they were about to cry at any minute.
The location is convenient, but it's the only post office in the area.
The parking is well laid out and the entrances and exits will get you to either road in either direction safely.
On the inside, it is FILTHY and sad.
The floor must not have been swept since it opened.
The counter tops were unkempt and disorganized.
I came home, hugged my cat and took the rest of the day off to appreciate that I do not have to visit a post office again anytime soon.

Absolutely horrible.
I ordered a LIVE package that they decided would be a good idea to stuff into a parcel locker, I guess sure whatever, you guys can't read, no big deal- IF they had actually given me the key to said locker.
Instead of placing the actual key in my mail box they just gave me the plastic attachment that the key usually hangs off of.
I work a normal schedule like everyone else in this city 8-5, and when does the post office close?
5pm.
So much good that does me, there isn't an emergency number or anything, which there should be.
So I called another location that is open till 9pm to get information that could possibly help me and possibly save that poor LIVE package I have rotting away in the large parcel locker- however no go, the phone either keeps ringing or I end up with a very unhelpful auto-message.
Needless to say someone is going to be answering for this very serious mess up.

Slow.
This one word describes everything about the USPS at this location along with the period at the end.
Mhm just slow period.
I arrived yesterday to pick up a package it was only 2 people ahead of me.
I was in their very long so long I played five games of candy crush even a few hands of poker.
I did provide pictures but that does not tell you how long I stayed in line.
I will say my wait time was a little over two hours and then when It was my turn the mail man yelled at me.
I was so angry I didn't even speak to him.
I just walked up and quietly gave him my drivers license and my slip all at the same time.
He yelled again I need your ID so I just looked at him like...man I have not had breakfast do you really want me to respond to your neglectful abusive tone.
I guess he got a clue looked at what I had given him and he walked away & appeared moments later with my small package that my mail carrier could had very well put in my mail box in the first place.
He respectfully said sign here and write your name here.
I quickly followed his instructions and took one final oh no you was not yelling at me look at him and scooped up my package and exited the post office.
As I made my way to the car the husband asked me why do you look like your about to cry.
I told him about the mean post man he was like I'm going back inside how dare her treat you like that!
I told him its ok its over lets just go.

Horrible!!!
Very unfriendly, not helpful, slow.
They need better service.
They took forever to help me turn in my passport application.

There is something seriously wrong with this U.S. Post Office.
Seriously.
Perhaps it is the duty station that all USPS employees get reassigned to after being voted out of their previous workplaces.
Perhaps some of their postal officers aim to fuck up simply because they enjoy watching the world burn.
Countless times I have had other people's (neighbours, and even persons from across the fucking valley, inexplicably) correspondence in my box.
Countless times.
I can only imagine that some of my mail might have ended up in Edwin Paduca's hands.
Today, I find a key.
Sweet!
Some dumb shit I purchased has already arrived.
I excitedly insert said key and turn the lock ...
I find stuff -- possibly dumb shit -- but, it is all addressed to some other dude I do not know.
Four or five packages/parcels.
What.
The.
Fuck.
Now I am forced to go meet one of my neighbours (a Vegas no-no).
There is something seriously wrong with this U.S. Post Office.
It fucking sucks!
- E

Talk about a waste of space!!!
Slow service, unfriendly customer service, and a dirty location.
They are usually pretty busy, but the wait is crazy use to how slow the workers are there!
GO TO ANOTHER LOCATION!

Seriously the worst post office I've ever been to.
The first time was when they failed to deliver a package and when I got there I had 2 people in front of me and it took over an hour to get to me.
The lady helping me was rude and unfriendly.
Today I go in to send a package.
Waited in the Express Line about 10 minutes with 2 people in front of me again.
When it's my turn I'm informed they cannot take debit or credit because their system is down.
Luckily I had cash on me or I would have wasted my time.
Would have been smart to put a sign up.
When she rang me up it took 5 minutes just to process, so I could pay her.
Yet again the people working looked absolutely miserable and were not pleasant at all.
There was also a line of people waiting to pick up mail, but were informed there was nobody working in the back to locate the mail and they'd have to wait at least 30 minutes.

Everytime I come here I'm met with a super duper extra long line...I swear on a stack of bibles they slow as honey in the winter time...no they are not very polite.

Easily the worst post office I have ever been to period.
Long lines and employees that are not friendly at all.
They need another post office in the centennial area of town to accommodate the citizens that live here.
One is clearly not enough.

This is a terrible post office!!!
No one who works here knows what customer service is!
Rey at the front counter is rude and his supervisor is ghetto!
I hope this location closes!

This place doesn't even deserve 1 star.
If you can avoid this Post office you should or just use the kiosk because that machine can do better job than those people working there.
Problem with this location is management.
I had pleasure of meeting one today and he should be fired for stupidity.
I ordered an item from Amazon Prime and for some reason they were not able to make the delivery so I went online and confirmed the address and said I would pick up the package at their location.
Boy not only they did not have it ready, manager told me post delivery person is still going through his parcels what not then he just moves away like I am supposed to know what that means.
He comes back looking at me like I'm an idiot and says "hey i told you he is still going to through his parcel!
" I was like W T F.  He said he will deliver the mail today anyways and he doesn't know why i came to pick it up.
1. they didn't deliver the mail day before because they marked it undeliverable address 2.
I needed it early as possible.
So I asked him how are you guys going to deliver the mail that you couldn't deliver day before because you had problems with address?
Are all postal service workers this stupid?
Do we actually pay for these services?
They need to cut the wages for these people or increase it and make them really work.
I can't believe these people get paid almost 70k a year with full benefits.

