If you were ever even questioning eyelash extensions.. the answer is YES.
Layla creates the most beautiful set of lusciously long lashes, they literally change the way you view yourself.
I got my very first set a few months ago and am completely obsessed.
I wake up every morning feeling extra pretty.
Not only is my morning make-up time cut in half, but the results are twice as nice ;) The lashes are soft and delicate, yet durable; these heavy-duty beauties even hold up in the ocean and swimming pool!
I  am constantly receiving compliments on how precise and real they look.
It makes me giggle when people tell me how long and beautiful my lashes are..although I sometimes find it slightly difficult to give up my little beauty secret, it is just too amazing not to share.
Above all these exciting new things I have experienced after getting Winked, I love the fact that my boyfriend compliments on how amazing I look every single day.
Do yourself a favor (and a big ego boost)  You won't be unimpressed!

I had my lashes done by Layla, and it was an overall great experience!
I've seen bad extensions from other places so I was nervous, but she DEFINITELY knows what she's doing.
The application was totally comfortable- Layla came to my house with a comfy service table- I listened to the TV as she painstakingly attached silk lashes to each of my natural ones with a special glue- it took a few hours but was SO worth it.
There is nothing like having fabulous fake lashes on, and extensions basically feel like that, 24/7!
The lashes she uses are are super long, dark and semi-permanent- mine lasted for about two months before they naturally fell out (like they would have anyway).
You don't need to curl them, you don't need mascara- you just look awesome all the time!

I just got my lashes done by Layla and I absolutely fell in love the moment she was finished and I looked at myself in the mirror!
I have super short, almost invisible lashes and whenever I would use strip lash extensions they looked so fake and awful on.
I was nervous that these extensions were going to be too dramatic but Layla made them the exact length that I wanted and they are long enough to make my eyes stand out naturally and so much better than what I had before!
I definitely love not having to wear mascara and eyeliner on my top eyelids anymore!
Layla was amazing and I recommend her to anyone!

SILK Lash Extensions are soooo natural and soft!
I've been getting my lashes done and (have gone to several different places in LA/AZ) and I'm so happy I found Layla.
She offered Silk and Mink lash extensions at the same price.
I wasn't sure which ones would be better so I went with the safe bet of silk.
I had some older lashes on but she was still able to give me a complete full set.
For asian eyes, I recommend 12mm with 13mm mixed in.
They definitely are a lot longer than I had expected but I can actually see my lashes for once.
The process took about 1.5 hour but it's painless and you actually just fall asleep during the application process.
The appointment process was super easy and she's really flexible on times.
Some tips for people thinking about it: It's pricey but a great investment.
No more mascara clumps just long, natural lashes You can't rub your eyes Lasts about 4 weeks  Right now she's working out of her home but I believe she makes house calls.
Love my lashes!

Layla did my lashes for the first time last week, and I could not be happier!
Layla made me feel very comfortable and relaxed.
In fact, it was so relaxing that I almost fell asleep!
Layla is very talented at what she does...
This is something that is definitely worth it for any woman who wants a fabulous look.
I will definitely be recommending "Wink" to all my friends!

Such a relaxing experience that is totally amazing.
You think you have good lashes now, wait till you get work done by Layla!!!
You have to go to WINK!
Other places just don't even compare!

Layla is the best!!
I have had a full set and 5 fills now, and they are terrific.
The first time she did them she gave all the instructions, etc., but I didnt fully realize how great they were until I saw others' less expensive, but far poorer quality lashes.
When I came home, my husband, who notices nothing, was blown away!

I love my lash extensions by Layla!
She's such a perfectionist, that they always come out looking glam but natural.
I've gone to many other lash extension artists before, but and they have never even compared to the work that Layla does.
She always personalizes the sizes she uses to match the shape of my eyes which brings out the contour of my natural lash line.
I love this because it makes them look natural and lush and CLASSY instead of like a glued on strip or stripper lashes that I see on a lot of girls in Scottsdale.
When she does my lashes, they never come out clumpy or itch, and they always last the longest.
As they do start to fall out, they stay pretty natural looking because I won't have random clumps missing.
Also, the quality of lash and glue she uses is great.
My eyes are sensitive and I wear contact lenses but her products never irritate my eyes.
I also LOVE the cooling gels pads she puts under my eyes to separate my bottom lashes from the top ones.
It not only feels amazing but makes my eyes look less tired after.
It feels rejuvenating and relaxing!
At most places they just use tape (yuck) which I hate because of the adhesive irritation I get from it.
I've recommended WINK to everyone who inquires about my lashes, and all of my friends who have gone to her have been satisfied.

Why aren't there 6 stars?!
Layla is fabulous.
She's a perfectionist and is the best lasher I know.
My lashes are natural and beautiful and I constantly get compliments.
It takes me less than 5 minutes to do my make up now since I don't have to wear mascara.
She is always so accommodating.

After having my lashes done at a salon, Thank God I found Layla!
What an enjoyable experience.
Not only is Layla excellent but she is soft spoken and very personable.
My lashes are so soft, natural looking and beautiful, not at all like the stiff synthetic ones I had put on before.
Thanks to Layla I no longer have "alien" eyes like my children say!
Can't wait to go back for my fill.
It's hard to think that they will look more lush and beautiful then they do now!
THANK YOU LAYLA!!

