Delicious, authentic Malaysian cuisine with friendly and attentive staff at the ready.
If you enjoy  laksa, fried koew teow (my personal fav), satay, roti canai, crispy pork with fermented bean curd noodle, rendang, sambal prawn or nasi lemak to name just a few dishes, then this is your place!
Oh yeah, did I also mention that it's cheap!?!

I've been to the original Kampong Ah Lee in Newington loads of times but this was my first visit to their new branch at Fountainbridge.
While I like the cosy atmosphere at the original venue, it's also nice to be in a big space with plenty of room for diners and servers to navigate their way around each other.
And nicer toilets too (I'm sure I shouldn't mention toilets at the beginning of a restaurant review.
Are you hungry yet?
)  However this nice airy room wasn't designed for this restaurant, as the Sistine Chapel ceiling and huge painting of the Bay of Naples attest.
But it just added to the quirky atmosphere I expected from the original place, as did the big gift-wrapped fridge (we never quite worked out what that was all about).
The food is the same as the original restaurant, a large menu of all sorts of Malaysian specialities, from safe stir fries familiar to most diners to whole fish (head, tail and all) and even pig's maw.
It's an interesting mix between exotic authenticity (I assume, having never been to Malaysia) and inoffensive Asian food for the less adventurous.
So there's something for everyone here.
You can get chilli chicken with noodles or go for more interesting options with pickled or fermented condiments or anything in between.
The new menu also indicates which dishes have the bone left in.
Newcomers will want to know that this doesn't necessarily mean just chicken wings or drumsticks.
Even a chicken stir fry or soup will container hunks of meat broken up with a cleaver so be prepared for mouthfuls of assorted bone bits and splinters.
Personally, I find their laksa too thin and not creamy enough, but that's just personal preference.
I usually go for the "dry" dishes with rice or noodles, but the one thing I always get is the perennial favourite roti cenai for a starter.
Fried roti bread (fluffy and creamy almost like pancakes) with a medium-spiced creamy curry dipping sauce (I find Malaysian curries to be the perfect blend of spicy Indian styles and the creamy coconut-based Thai varieties).
Unbeatable.
The chicken wings are also particularly good.
Sometimes I have to have more than one starter because there are too many good options, and I can't forego the roti cenai.
It's cheap and cheerful but also delicious.
An excellent place for group meals with a fun no-frills atmosphere and lots of dishes you can share.
They do BYO (£3 corkage for wine and I think over a pound per beer) but you can buy bottled beer or wine by the glass at reasonable prices.

Cheap and cheerful.
This place has good food and is good value for money.
Full review with photos please visit my blog which can be found on my profile.

Thanks to Jason M. for explaining that this is the same place (just another location) of the other Edinburgh spot with the same name.
I was a bit confused.
Roti Chennai were nice, they have bubble tea, weren't too busy.
That about sums it up.
Try the Char Kway Teow or Hokkien Mee, both were solid.
Appropriate HK-pop style music in the background completes the quirky atmosphere.
They also have a helpful 'popular malaysian dishes' part of their menu (with pictures) in case you aren't too familiar with the food and don't know what to try.
Go on, try something different.

"Delight" is right!
I was pleasantly surprised by the good food, good prices, and some very welcome but unexpected menu items (anything taro is a plus for me).
This place gets five stars just for being a good Malaysian place in Scotland!

This place is great!
The food is tasty, well priced and served by interested staff, they always recommend wonderful things to try.
Their soups are HUGE!
You can have it as a main course or to share as a starter but they are very filling as only £6!
Great value!
:)  I love this new restaurant that they've opened as they have another branch on Clerk Street.
Definitely worth a visit!

Headed here as I'd tried out the sister shop on Clerk Street.
Its got some really weird decor but in some ways this just added to my enjoyment.
The random (clearly left over from being an italian) frescos on the roof clashed hillariously with the Kuala Lumpur posters and other Malaysian bits and pieces.
All in all a big airy space that was quite pleasant.
We started off sharing some Roti Cenai and flat bread things.
The curry sauce is AWESOME.
Really creamy and just the right level of spice for a starter.
For mains I had a duck noodle dish and my partner in "wine" (we had beer) had a seafood noodle soup that was COLOSSAL.
Both were very good dishes, reasonably priced and thoroughly enjoyable.
The Soup had a great slow burn to it and my duck was moist and properly cooked - look out for surprise bones though!
(I like bones in meat - makes it more manly)   We only had 2 beers, one starter and 2 mains and the price was £20ish which I reckon for the amount of food was entirely reasonable!
All in all great service, entertaining decor, great food.
However one issue.
It was fairly empty (a tuesday night) and there were mainly a few couples and some single tables.
There was no music...... Obviously I am as quiet as a mouse so didn't feel like I was lambasting everyone everytime I made a comment.
However a bit of music wouldnt go amis!

The interior of the restaurant isn't the most classy nor stylish with scenes of Malaysian on the wall illuminated by fairy lights but who cares when everything else is so good?
The staff were so attentive and really helpful giving recommendations about dishes - very impressive.
The Roti Cenai (£2.90)with curry sauce is not to be missed as these little bread circles taste so buttery, definitely wets your appetite for what's to come.
I was with a big group so tried a lot of different dishes including the chicken satay which was lovely, chicken wings (£5) that were large and tender and ribs (£5) which were finger licking good.
For main course the mango chicken was sweet and moreish, the beef Sambal (£7.50) had a good kick to in but in a pleasant rather than in taste bud killing way.
I had coconut rice but I didn't taste the coconut flavour as much as I'd expected to.
The star of the evening by far was the Malaysian king prawn curry.
This dish was wonderful.
Although hot in temperature, it was the perfect blend of spices to make your taste buds do a Mexican wave in your mouth.
The king prawns were the biggest I've ever seen in a restaurant in Scotland and there were SO many - at least 10 which is unheard of usually!!!
For the quality and amount of food this place is a total bargain.
We had two courses plus Rotis and lots of drinks and our bill came to £23 per person including tip?!?!?

Excellent tasty food, excellent value for money.
There was loads to eat in our plates and we were served really quickly.
Perfect little restaurant for a date!

My friend and I went here for lunch the other day.
I was keen to try this place out as I love Malaysian food.
Kampung Ali didn't disappoint..
I chose Nasi Lemak and it was lovely.
Just the right amount of spiciness and bite sized chunks of chicken thigh.
Yummy comfort food.
My friend went for a bowl of prawn noodles and it was well on flavour.
We also shared a dish of prawn sambal malaysian style.
Vegetables in this dish were aubergine, green beans and okra.
I have been suspicious of okra.. mainly as it has a bit of a 'slimey reputation'.
Perhaps it depends on the way it's cooked, go figure.
Anyway when my friend who is actually Chinese Malaysian, casually remarked that okra is good for collagen I grabbed a piece and it was just fine.
I later googled more about this superfood and indeed okra contains a lot of C-vitamin which is good for collagen production.
Besides of okra, I also tried another new thing: teh tarik, which is known as 'pulled tea'.
So basically it's black tea and condensed milk.
Personally I found it too sweet but I was glad to have had sampled this.
I will definitely go back to Kampung Ali.
The food is delicious, spicy and very good value.

yum, yum, yum.
Essentially for me, there's only one word that describes this place: yummy.
I've been here many times but I need to go more!
Kampung Ali serves delicious and according to my Malaysian work colleague, very authentic Malaysian food.
Some tips:  Number 1: When you come opt for the roti canai.
It's like a crispy pancake that melts in your mouth and it comes with a slightly spicy peanut curry sauce.
It's the beez kneez.
(If you don't get this, you are definitely missing out)  Number 2: Order a style of chicken wings, you can't go to wrong with the chicken wings here.
Number 3: Rendang chicken.
This is so flavourful.
I love it.
Number 4: Lemon chicken.
You know how sometimes you can order lemon chicken and it's over cooked and dry?
Yeah, that doesn't happen here.
The lemon chicken was so moist and it was a fairly large portion!
Number 5: Get some duck and coconut rice!
I think that Kampung Ali is a great when you come with a group of people - so you can sample many things off the menu.
Wine is also very reasonably priced.
A good bottle of South African wine is 13 pounds.
The service is impeccable.
I've had the same server the last few times I've been and he has been very attentive and funny!
Kampung Ali is good times & high fives.

It's Malaysia food and they do it well!
I'm sure that anyone with a fondness of spicy food or knows what sambal is will enjoy this place.
It is an unassuming set up.
A big hall with some square and some round tables.
Many Indonesian and Malaysian references on the wall (not on the ceiling though, that is done with mock Raphaelite like paintings).
I will not (as I can't) explain the dishes, but do go for the roti as a starter!
Main courses are individually indicated with a chili score between none to 4.
I took a sambal chicken and it was good, no additional spices required.
Service is fast, courteous and unobtrusive.
I will definitely be visiting again very soon.

Great Malaysian food here which I really enjoyed.
I came here with a big group of people and the service was good.
We were all happy with our food choices, though it was hard to pick what to have as there was so much choice.
It just means I'll have to go back again.
You can bring your own booze but the corkage charge seemed very pricey.
I believe it was £4 for a bottle of wine and £1.50 per bottle of beer which I think is a bit much.

Really good food... we've not long ago just spent a couple of months in SE Asia - the food here is genuine.
Friendly staff.

Tasty, well-priced Malaysian cuisine unfussily presented and served in next to no time.

This was a very easy 5 stars to give!
The food here was incredible!
I went with a small group of friends and we shared 2 starters and 5 mains between us and each one was absolutely delicious!!
The food feels very authentic and the flavours are genuinely magnificent.
To begin with we had satay and roti with a spicy dip that all of us agreed we would happily drink as soup it was so scrummy!
For the mains we had crispy shredding beef, two duck dishes, a squid and a chicken - each one very different but very tasty!
The portions were sizeable (perfect for sharing) and the service was quick and friendly.
The restaurant was buzzing too, so the atmosphere was great!
In terms of pricing, though this place isn't cheap, it's also not expensive, with mains falling around the £9 mark in general.
As far as Malaysian cuisine goes this felt very authentic and was really very tasty!Absolutely worth a visit if you're ever in Edinburgh!

It was surprising to find a Malaysian restaurant in Edinburgh, especially one that has seemed to have gained a fairly good following.
The restaurant is sort of an odd mix decor wise.
There are various maps, pictures and figurines of Malaysia, however there is also paintings on the ceiling, fairly reminiscent to the Sistine Chapel.
Service is friendly, although somewhat slow.
They are not proactive with their customers.
Rather than greeting you when you first sit down and asking if you would like a drink, it almost seems like the staff waits until you are ready to order before approaching you.
The Roti Cani consist of round pieces of flat bread, vaguely resembling a flour tortilla for those not familiar, with a curry dipping sauce.
The dipping sauce has a strong curry flavor, with lots of warming spices and a nice spicy finish that tingles the back of your tongue.
The Malaysian Curry Prawns, one of the signature dishes, consists of head on peeled shrimp in a spicy curry soup.
The prawns were slightly overcooked and mealy, but heads and shells added a depth of flavor to the broth.
There is a slight kick to the dish, but nothing that will set your mouth on fire.
Overall, a somewhat disappointing dish due to the overcooking of the prawns.
The Singapore Noodles is a type of chow mein, with thin egg noodles.
The shrimp and chicken were cooked slightly overcooked and mealy, but heads and shells added a depth of flavor to the broth.
For some reason, the dish seemed "overly dry"  Although the Roti Cani was flavorful, the rest of the dishes seemed to be lacking in seasoning.
One thing I noticed in the UK, is that restaurants seem to be afraid of using salt to enhance the flavor of their food.
I am not sure if this is a cultural thing, or whether they are trying to be on the safe side in order not to offend the many different visitors they get throughout the world.

