I was desperate for a coffee shop near my apartment, and I was thrilled to learn that Coffee, Tea & Me was opening.
As soon as it opened, I made a point to stop in and try the coffee.
It was great.
Pretty delicious, not too strong.
I'm excited to try their iced teas as well.
Also, there looked to be delicious pastries too, which could end up being dangerous for me!
Overall, the store was great.
I'd like them to have earlier hours during weekdays, but that may change as the winter rolls in.
Definitely make sure to stop by.

great coffee, nice atmosphere

I got a caramel machiatto and 2 cupcakes.
The coffee was horrible they used regular coffee instead of espresso, it tasted like coffee and milk no flavor.
The cupcakes were dry and flavorless.
My mom ended up feeding them to the dogs, at least someone enjoyed it.

Really a great place.
You get a great feeling when you walk in.
The staff is friendly and very helpful.
I had a mocha latte which was quite good and the cup cakes were full of flavor and really moist.

The coffee is always pretty good, but more importantly, the people working there and incredibly nice and are running an independent business.
Go check them out!

Friendly, fast service.
Got an excellent 20 oz.
caramel cappuccino for $4.50.
Just wish it were easier to get to when you want to just run in.

Meh.
I bought a living social deal so I ended getting a latte and a sandwich.
The coffee was not notable, and the sandwich was a bagel with a piece of cheese and a slice of tomato.
I could have easily made both at home for cheaper, and I think it would've tasted better...

i like this little shop.
there was only one young lady working the evening we were there, so it took a little while to get our drinks.
the coffee was strong and flavorful.
my wife loved her hot white princess tea.
what else?

Cute place and tea was decent.
Shocked on the $3 cup of ice tea (16oz?
) (no refills, at least I wasn't told as such when I paid) and not as many options as I would of expected for a place with tea in the name.
Only two chairs, place is uber tiny.
Girl at the counter was pleasant, but not really hospitable...
Seemed surprised to have customers.
Luckily there is patio seating, don't know if it is theirs or the mall's, but it was nice enough out that it worked.
I guess I expected more of a coffee house vibe, might go back if I was really jonesin' for a flavored ice tea, but most likely not going to deal with parking in the complex to make a special trip to CT&M.
I do wish them the best though, think they're mom n pop and I always hope they do well.

Eh have had way better blended coffee drinks.
It tasted almost nothing like mocha and the ninja blender they used should be swapped for a higher quality blender that actually blends the drink correctly.
The girl looked like she was struggling with what she had.

Stopped here for a quick bite after running errands.
My daughter fell in love with their cupcakes, frosting overload, and a smoothie.
I liked their iced coffee and bagel.
Very small but does its job.
Nice area to sit outside and people watch.
Close to the fountain to play in for the kiddos.

Super cute.
Very informative people too and easily approachable.
Have been in here a few times and I have yet to be displeased.
Loved my strawberry mango smoothie and my mocha frozen coffee

I love this little place.
I work across the way at the Vivaldi salon suites and will come here for some coffee or a bagel and sometimes some tea.
The workers are so kind, even saying hi when you walk in.

It's a very cute place and I had a nice conversation with the owner who was there at the time I visited.
I ordered a Chai Latte  on ice which was excellent and the place is really cute and clean.
Next time I am in the area I will try a different drink along with one of their cupcakes.
I am doing the best I I can to support locally owned/operated places.
You should too.

