Dr Natalie is a compassionate, empathetic, caring DC.
She listens, takes her time with you and always strives not only to make you feel better, but to keep you feeling better.
Her new location is adorable.
I highly recommend her!

Dr. Natalie cares for her patients and is great at adjustments.
The location is easy to get to, parking can be difficult some days.

I have been under chiropractic care since 1996 and never have I experienced better results than with Dr. Natalie!
She has a fantastic personality and takes the time to hear my concerns.
I especially like Dr. Natalie's holistic approach; at the start of each session she verbally checks in to see how your body responded to her last adjustment, taking digital notes to track your progress.
During the adjustment Dr. Natalie attends to your comfort/pain levels while sensing areas of tension in your skeletal/muscular structure.
She makes adjustments through a combination of manual manipulations and activation.
The phenomenal pre- or post-therapy offered by Dr. Natalie's team of massage therapists compliments her fine work.
I have personally referred three other patients to Dr. Natalie in the past four weeks and each of them echoes my sentiments.
Whether this is your first or your umpteenth visit to a chiropractor, I STRONGLY recommend Dr. Natalie!

Dr. Natalie is wonderful.
I get great care every time I see her.
She is thorough in her assessment and treatment of your needs.
I am continually recommending her to my friends and family, as she helped me in my recovery from a severe injury to my back last year.

I have been coming to see Dr. Natalie for 2 years now... She is absolutely amazing.
She cares so much about her patients and truly does whatever she can to help you.
I had severe back pain when I first started going to her, and now I am virtually pain free.
I just go now once a month for adjustments to make sure my back doesn't get out of line again.
I highly recommend her as a chiropractor!
She is located in a cute little place in the historic district of downtown Phoenix.
She has educated me so much not only on how to keep my back healthy, but my whole body healthy.
It is rare to find a doctor that is so compassionate is willing to spend time with you to get to the root of the problem.

This was my first time going to a chiropractor.
Dr Natalie explained everything she was doing and always checked to make sure I was doing ok.
This morning I woke up for the first time in YEARS!!!
with no back pain what so ever!!
I will definately be going back here

i could go on and on about what a wonderful chiropractor Dr. Natalie is and you still would be amazed once you meet and are treated by her.
Not only is Dr. Natalie a amazing chiropractor, but a wonderful person.
She generally cares about her patience.
I feel so lucky that I met and was treated by her.
Not only do I have the best chiropractor in the valley, but a great friend as well.
Thank you for all you are and all you do Dr.
Natalie!!

Dr. Natalie is amazing.I had some neck issues and after seeing the many great reviews on here I settled on her.
I was super nervous since I'd never been to a chiro before, and she was pretty good at telling me exactly what was going to happen and put me at ease.
After only TWO visits she had me being able to move my neck!
I was amazed!
Long story short, I'll continue visiting her as needed.

A good chiropractor is hard to find, and for 15 years as I moved across this Valley I drove wherever necessary to keep the one I found back when.
Which is why I was overjoyed to stumble into Natalie Bustamante while wandering around the too-few delightful 19th Century homes when I first moved downtown.
I'd probably still own a car if it weren't for her ...   BTW  this 1895 cottage houses a chiropractor, two masseuses, a downtown publisher, one of the most prominent muralistas in the Valley and a snug little contemporary art gallery.
I'm waiting for the sushi bar but not holding my breath as it were.

