I had an amazing WAX the other day at WAX Hair Removal Bar!
Having just moved here from NYC I have had a hard time finding a place that was comparable in price and professionalism.
My first try was at a salon that will go unnamed, but lets just say I felt like I was in a torture cell for 1hr and 30 min and I did not leave "Brazilian" if you know what I mean.
I decided to scope prices at WAX Hair Removal Bar after seeing it from the road.
When I walked in I was immediately at ease with this confident, clean, fun, "Ass you like it" salon.
After speaking with the lovely receptionist I was whisked away into one of the clean, brightly lit rooms stocked with baby wipes, HD TV, comfy and soft waxing bed, and met my WAXPERT Ashlee.
Not only was she super gentle and great to talk to, I was so impressed by the method of waxing and how painless it was.
REALLY!
The "Hard Wax" method that is used is so painless I was concerned she would have to go over all the areas again...nope, smooth as a baby's bottom ;)  I cannot say enough about WAX Hair Removal Bar's fun "get er/him" done attitude towards waxing, clean facilities, yummy products, friendly staff and great prices!
Needless to say I'm hooked and won't go anywhere else!

I went in on Thursday to see if I could make an appointment for Friday and saw a sign saying they were closed for Good Friday.
Since I wasn't sure I'd be able to come back Saturday, Nicole (my Waxpert) asked if I wanted to get waxed now (about 30 minutes before closing).
NIcole was great!
Very friendly and professional.
I felt very comfortable.
I would definitely recommend her and WAX to anyone in need of waxing services.
I only wished I would've checked in on Foursquare first to get the 50% first timer discount.
Even without it, it was money well spent.

When you first walk into WAX you are embraced with a sense of sterile comfort, like a hug from a nurse.
After being greeted by a very warm and slightly informal staff (they are wearing shirts that say anal bleach after all) I was taken back to a beautiful room with a high tech flat screen playing Bridget Jones Diary.
My first two waxings were quick, accurate and with minimal pain (I mean hair being removed is still hair being removed).
My specialty treatment was a hidden treasure on the menu leaving me invigorated, smooth and sexy, this is a must.
Final word on this place- an oasis in a literal desert of gross, drab and unprofessional establishments.
You would be a fool to miss out in the best waxing of your life from Wax Las Vegas

If you're ever feeling a burning desire to tear out the follicles of hair from your skin (or if you get dared to) I definitely recommend this place.
Everybody here is sociable and comfortable to be around and the facilities are clean and new.
The last place I went to get my legs done cost too much and didn't give me any instructions on what to do post ripping so my legs felt like the human torch was giving them a massage... not this place.
Everybody made sure I was educated about the self-care situation I would be in when I got home.
The procedures (I'm a dude and had pretty much all the hair from my neck down eradicated) weren't painless...
I'm not gonna lie... but they were much less painful than my previous experience and much less painful than what I was expecting for such, um, delicate areas.
Last but not least, all the waxperts (love the term) are super cool, easy to talk to, not shy or bashful about having to rip the winter coat off the naughty extremities, and very professional.
I feel like I could totally just stroll in and hang out for a while with these chill peeps, however, that might not really be preferable for their business sake to have some strange guy loitering in the waiting area all day.
Great experience, awesome people, I'll definitely be coming back!

Super duper clean place, professional and pleasant staff.
Services are great and discret.

I have been to wax a couple times since meeting the owner Luba and have always had the best experience one can have (you know, as good as you can when they're pulling hair from your naughty bits) The waxperts I have had have all been very comforting and professional and I end up joking around with them and spending most of the procedure laughing at the obvious jokes that they aren't afraid crack.
I love their no shame attitude and and their range of services!
This is a place where I would recommend anyone go and try something new!

Top 5 reasons to choose WAX Hair Removal Bar   1.
Clean 2.
Down to earth staff  3.
Great results  4.
Amazing products  5.
Satisfied every time     I drive all the way from Henderson to go here!
Thank you for making it easy to become a regular customer.
You guys have taken out the "pain" in finding a place to get waxed!

I've been here twice now and my story is still the same.
I love it!

Although I don't live in Vegas, I was getting married there over Memorial Day weekend.
I saw a deal on living social for Wax Hair Removal Bar and snatched it up.
As a special surprise for my wedding night, I got a Brazilian wax.
As this was the first time, I was a little nervous.
My "waxpert" was awesome and helped to make me feel comfortable.
She talked to me the entire time and helped me with my anxiety.
It wasn't weird or anything.
I will definitely go back when I'm in Vegas next time!
Highly recommend.

OMG!
This place is the real deal!
Extensive list of services, top of the line professionalism and AMAZING customer service!
I went all out and got the full chest, stomach, full back and the oh so provocative "Boyszillian".
Everything was absolutely fabulous!
Las Vegas definitely has a new hot spot when it comes to waxing services and it is Wax Hair Removal Bar!

Im a male Sasquatch that could be a stand in for the Jack Links Beef Jerky commercials so Walking into a place called "Wax" with the possibility of coming out bare as a newborn is scary as hell.
My GF loves being oh natural down there (ok ok I love her being that way as well) and she asked that I take her to lunch and then to the appointment afterwards.
Being the love sick guy that I am, I agreed.
The lobby is very intimate and Im guessing they don't have a lot of people waiting for their love one inside.
The receptionist was very welcoming and offered me water and we made small talk for almost all of the 35mins it took them to wax the GF down to silky smooth skin.
Im sure she had other things she could have been doing but I really thought it was cool she went out if her way to welcome me into the shop.
The GF explained that the waxer was very professional and she liked her sooo much better than the last girl who waxed her at a different business the last time.
I dont know what they did differently but she said there was very little pain this time and came out of the back smiling and laughing.
The GF will be back and if Im free that day it will be my honor to sit out in the lobby and wait for my silky smooth goddess to emerge 30 minutes later.

Let's great real: getting a Brazilian (or any type of wax) is and will never be relaxing.
You can't fool me with trickling fountains or new age music -- it's a wax, people, where hair follicles are being ripped out of my body, so why am I spending 60 minutes putting on a robe and trying to "tap into my zen" -- and likely paying a higher price for the privilege?
Enter Wax Bar!
I was so happy to find this little place, really centrally located in a strip mall on Flamingo in Summerlin.
You may ask, what differentiates it from your ordinary wax  experience?
--FRIENDLY, OPEN STAFF: There should be nothing embarrassing about getting a wax, and these ladies won't beat around the bush (wow...sorry for that unintended pun).
Anything is on the table for discussion, if you'd like.
And the girls were super nice, approachable and easy to talk to.
--PRICED RIGHT: No, it's not as cheap as your "bargain basement" wax (and, honestly, who would want to risk going to one of those sketchy places), but you're not paying for a spa environment either.
All the prices were very fair and lower than most places.
--EFFICIENT: For my appointment I arrived on time, and they were on ready for me right when I walked in.
I was in and out of there in less than 30 minutes.
--ENTERTAINING: They were playing a chick flick during my wax, which I admit, took my mind off the task at hand and made the whole experience more pleasant.
I'll take Bride Wars over tranquil music (or silence) any day!
Yet, Wax Bar has all the perks of a more upscale environment, such as:  --EXPERIENCED STAFF: It's been about 2 weeks since my wax and I still don't have any ingrown hairs (a complete rarity for me).
They use hard wax on sensitive parts, which made the experience a lot more comfortable, both during and afterward.
Their attention to detail and gentle technique was spot-on.
-- EXCEPTIONALLY CLEAN: There was not a tool out of place, and everything looked super neat and organized.
When you're working with that area of the body, I wouldn't settle for anything less than hospital-grade sanitation and Wax Bar seemed to hit the mark.
-- DETAILED CARE INSTRUCTIONS: Not all of us are experienced when it comes to waxing, so I was sent home with a detailed list of instructions to help me make the most of my wax.
(For example, I had no idea I was supposed to abstain from alcohol the day before a wax, as it makes you more likely to bleed?
Good to know!
)  I was happy to rebook in advance for 4 weeks later, and am so happy I've found my new "go to " spot.
Jazz hands for Wax Bar!

This is the ONLY place to go for waxing needs!
Their waxperts are so knowledgeable and friendly!!
Finally a business in Vegas who values their clients and their needs!!!!!
The space and environment is so welcoming, private and CLEAN!!!
It is not a huge salon that you feel like you are just "another client".
Everything about this place is amazing.
I had the pleasure of meeting the owner on my last visit and it is no wonder the staff is amazing... she sets a standard that is matched by her employees.
I would recommend Wax Hair Removal Bar to anyone who is in the need for a wax service.

I got my first Brazilian wax here and although the pain was intense, Kim (my waxpert) made the experience much better than anticipated.
I walked in about 15 minutes early and after a quick fill out, I was in the waxing room.
And I walked out in about half an hour or so.
First, I'd like to say I was greeted with warm and welcoming smiles.
And they were very thorough in explaining the procedures for before, during and after.
Nothing is left out and they make sure everything is as comfortable as possible.
For most of the thirty minutes, you'll be told what you need to do to prevent ingrown hairs, bumps, etc.
Which I really appreciated since I help take my mind off the whole ripping hairs straight of the follicle deal and it shows their professionalism.
My waxpert was very thorough in explaining that there's no need to be shy.
And I completely agree, I was nervous walking in but I got over it fairly quickly.
Speaking of quick, the service could not have been quicker.
She went through the waxing as quick as she could and that help reduced the pain.
Having her explain the steps and saying how the first time is always the worst and even putting in her own personal experience made the waxing go by a lot quicker, you'll be thankful for it.
The atmosphere is nice and private.
The prices (I feel) are definitely worthy of their services.
They even have nice little post wax packages ($45) to take home.
All in all, I would highly recommend this place.
The service is unbeatable and the quality is great as well.
I'm definitely looking forward for my next waxing here, I have a feeling I'm going to try to make this a regular basis (so long as my budget can afford it!

I recently had received a gift certificate for a free service for Wax Hair Removal bar.
I had always gone to Nicole but knew she had left to have her baby and was not sure how I felt about using "just anyone else".
Not only were they able to fit me in to work with my schedule, but (I think her name was Kim) was unbelievable.
She was quick and (as far as waxing can be desribed) not too painful!
Luba the manager is so sweet too.
Their products and scrubs are phenomenal if you need something to bring home.
Recommend 100%!

Had my first experience with Wax Hair Removal Bar last Friday and I can say that I will definitely be coming back!
Stacey was professional throughout the whole process which took much less time than I had expected.
You can also book appointments through their website or by calling them.
Pricing is a little on the high side, otherwise I would've given them a perfect 5 stars

I've been passing this place every time I go to the gym and have always wondered if they give good brazilians.
I bought the groupon the moment it went up the website.
I went on a Tuesday night and had an appt for 7:30pm, which I was a little apprehensive about since it's almost closing time and whether or not my waxpert might be too tired to do a great job.
I got Stacey, she was friendly, and she was fast but thorough when waxing down there.
She even plucked my ingrowns out, which was never done for me at other wax salons.
She even told me what products to use and other preventive measures to not get ingrowns ever again, while in other places they just sell you their products at the counter and swears it's suppose to help (which it didn't).
I'm coming back to buy tendskin(?
) I believe is what it's called, since I didn't bring enough money with me my first visit (I only had change).
Nacho Libre was playing so we were laughing while my little hairs were being yanked, which would be an odd sound to hear when you're in a waxing place.
thank goodness it was just me, Stacey and the receptionist left.

I can finally review this!
I've been here twice now.
I was here for underarms my first time and then I came back with the $1 waxes deal for my second time for my underarms.
Waxing is a new thing I'm trying and it's saving me a LOT of time not to have to shave :).
I'll be back soon!
I had really nice and friendly waxperts -- I had the blue-haired and the red-haired waxperts so far ;b.
Both friendly and if you have any questions about anything, they'll be more than happy to answer them.
If you have ingrowns, they'll try to help and also recommend you products to help with future ingrowns.
The place looks really nice and clean, too.
Foursquare first timers can get a half off coupon (if it's still there).
They're currently running the  $1 wax (BOGO $1) special which expires October 15th, I believe.

My first time being waxed.
They made everything comfortable and easy.
Definitely recommend especially if its your first time

My first time getting a professionally done face wax.
I've had PCOS for years and had resorted to shaving since I was 16 and I didn't want to take a medication with side effects my gyno was offering.
I didn't think a pro could get the hairs out (super thick and course... tried at-home kits, nair, you name it).... Oh my gosh.
Lacy was awesome!
Beauty comes with pain, let me tell ya!
LOL We got them all out.
I looked like a rock lobster afterwards, stings like the dickens, but I don't look like my "father's daughter" anymore lolol :) It's been 30 mins since my visit and the redness is almost gone already.
I can't thank Lacy enough.
Great customer service, staff has an awesome sense of humor, no embarrassment, BEST prices.
I have nothing negative to say!
Will def be going back!

WAX is waxing center that also offers the basics of a spa.
They offer basic facials and a line of premium organic skincare products.
The staff is quite perky and enthusiastic.
I have felt welcome each time I've been here.
Although I have only personally experienced their waxing, my boyfriend also enjoyed a facial.
If you like them on Facebook, they also offer specials.
The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is that they aren't the best in the hair removal or spa fields, just very good at both.
PS.
Its from Vancouver.
Bonus point.

Lacy is my go to girl there!
I've also met the boss lady Luba.
Both are pleasant and give you lots of care and attention.
This place rocks!!
Be happy and hair-free!

My review is for the full-face wax.
1) Eyebrows - Wow!
They came out perfectly symmetrical, and she shaped them exactly how I wanted it!
I'm so picky with my eyebrows, so I'm rarely satisfied with them post-waxing.
Wax Bar did a phenomenal job.
2) Rest of the face - Meh, I had to come back in and had her re-do parts of my face after I noticed that she missed many spots and waxed my sideburns unevenly.
Even after a few tries, they never came out symmetrical.
I had to do some self-plucking when I got home.

I really wanted to love this place as I am a recent Vegas transplant and needed a new go-to place for waxing...
If this review was based strictly on the wax service I received, the place would have gotten 4stars.
However...
Minus 1 star for having to give them your credit card # just to make an appointment.
What is that about?!
Minus 1.5 stars for rarely getting to speak with someone when you call.
I've left several messages and received ONE call back.
Email doesn't work when you're trying to schedule appointments.
I've literally just had to random phone bomb them to get a live person.
I will give them one more try since I still have two visits left on the deal I purchased ...
But I won't be too surprised if I can't make an appt before the deal expires.

I bought a Groupon for a bikini wax and called today, hoping for an appointment in the next couple of days (usually not a problem for most places if your schedule is open).
The woman on the phone asked if I was a new client, which I would be, and I told her that I had a Groupon.
She said the soonest opening they had was April 28!
What?!
Over 3 weeks away??
I asked if it was because of the Groupon and she said, no, it was because I was a new client and so would take more time.
I said I did not think that was a good business practice for new clients (having someone wait that long for an appointment).
She said something I did not understand.
I then said that I wanted an appointment this weekend and again asked if they had any openings.
She said they did not have any openings.
I find it hard to believe that their schedule is so tight they cannot find a block of time to fit me in, even if they wanted to schedule me for an hour.
And, if they were that busy, it seems unlikely they would run a Groupon deal.
BTW, I am used to bikini/brazilian waxing taking 30 minutes or less.The Groupon deal expires May 8, so you better call in the next week to get your appointment in time since the Groupon deal says new clients only.

My first time there, went on a groupon.
Was fabulously surprised.
Took a little time to get in but well worth the wait.
Lacy did an excellent job.
I re-booked for my next visit.
Great value-I have been in Vegas long enough to learn you get what you pay for.
Very professional staff and facility.

Lacy is AWESOME!
It had been a LONG time since I had gotten a brazillian.
Add a baby and PCOS into it and I was expecting a pretty rough experience.
The last time I had been waxed it was awful.
I was left raw, bloody , and mangled.
So needless to say I was a little gun shy.
Lacy reassured me everything would be ok. She was very gentle.
Got it all done without any problem and it was super quick.
I bought the Groupon and I will definitely be a repeat customer.
This was the happiest I had been with a wax!

First, I would like to thank Luba S. for contacting directly.
It really shows what a great business you are trying to run, and as I've said previously, I am a fan of the service itself.
Since my last review, I have revisited the WAX Hair Removal Bar.
In fact, I even set up an appointment for my sister as well.
When I called to schedule an appointment, there was a live person who answered the phone!
They were pleasant and helpful, and we were able to schedule both myself and my sister without any problems.
Once I got to my appointment, things went smoothly so to speak, and I set up my next appointment while I was there.
Hopefully, we can continue this communication trend as I am a fan of the business and its services.

I have not written a review in ages.
This was the worst experience and I've been getting brazillian's for 10 years.
It was extremely painful (took 15 min max) during.
The lady just ripped as quickly as I could.
Fine, I can deal with the pain.
Then it started to grow in.
Its been 6 weeks and the ingrown hairs are still comming.
If you try to schedule an appointment let alone change it more than 3 weeks in advance they cannot accommodate.
I have 2 sessions left and probably wont use them.

I had Maria she did an excellent job educating.
Service is booked for 30mins, actual service is less.
Staff is professional.
Place is clean, I definitely prefer this place as my waxing center.
Service is not rushed and not too long either.

I am extremely torn!
I am a HUGE fan of Naked Boutique on Sahara.
But when I saw the $23 deal for a wax on Groupon I HAD to give Wax a shot!
I am so glad I did.
I have absolutely no complaints!
My wax seemed to be over in no time and it looks fabulous!
I would describe it as almost painless.
Totally worth the $$!
They even offered to honor the groupon price on my future visits, what a steal!
I am totally impressed.
The place was super clean and easy to find.
They are right next to my tanning salon and gym!

I was a bit devastated when I first learned I had to move to Las Vegas... on top of moving away from my friends and family, I'd be moving away from my aesthetician!
With the hot weather of Las Vegas, I knew I had to immediately find a new waxing place I could trust.
After some research, I finally decided to make an appointment with WAX Hair Removal Bar and my worries of being hairy in Las Vegas soon washed away.
I've only met Luba (owner) once during my first visit, but I was really impressed by her dedication to a great customer experience.
I currently switch off between Kim and Lacy, depending on availability, but both are amazing!
I've never been able to confidently switch between aestheticians, or in this case "waxperts", at a salon, but I'm so happy with the quality of service I've received from both.
This is definitely a business that prides itself on consistency!
I haven't been this happy with my brows in years - I was switching back and forth between waxing and threading in college and the eyebrow hair started going back weird/not at all.
Lacy has rehabbed them and really made me feel like myself again!
I do a ton of services during my appointments, but it always goes by quickly and painlessly (as painless as these things could go).
They also have movies playing at the same time for those of you that need a bit of distraction, my favorite so far being Bride Wars.
Prices are extremely reasonable IMO and they also have packages available.
Unlike European Wax Centers, no one is pushy about retail products at all.
I highly suggest purchasing their exfoliating gloves though post-massage, as well as Tend Skin.
I tried buying exfoliating gloves at Target because they were slightly cheaper, but WAX definitely has better quality gloves that provide a better exfoliating result.
Also unlike European Wax Centers, they don't push the whole "we have to see you in 3-4 weeks", making you feel obligated to book and then subsequently cancel the next day.
Honestly, this place and the people are amazing!
With that being said...don't take the appointment spots I want :P

My review might be a bit biased now only because I have a favorite waxpert.
Kym usually does mine and she's amazing.
Friendly and does a great job.
I've had Lacey as well and she's also great.
They also try to pluck out your ingrowns if they can.
I recommend Tend Skin to help with that, as well.
They currently have a yelp check-in deal so take advantage of that.
If you go regularly, like I do, for something, say, underarms, buy their waxpacks.
It's pretty much 10 waxes of underarms (or whatever it's for) at a discounted rate.
This saves you money if you plan on using them more than a few times.
You always want to call ahead and make appointments as they tend to be booked a lot of the time.
You'll get in, and you'll be out before you know it.

I have been getting Brazilian waxes for almost 10 years now, from New York to LA.
I am usually weary of Groupon deals with something as meticulous and important as waxing, but I've just moved to Las Vegas and I didn't have a "go-to" waxing salon yet.
Well now I do!
Lacy was fast, clean, and a pleasure!
It was also the most painless waxing experience I've ever experienced, that includes sugar waxing which I've done as well.
Professional, courteous, and clean establishment will be getting my business as long as I live in the area.

Karla was amazing!
Not to say of didn't hurt like hell, but she talked and joked the whole time and took my mind off of the Brazilian experience.
The prices are higher than I'm used to coming from Indiana, but I had a great deal through Groupon and Karla advised that there are always deals on their Facebook page.
I already have my appointment made for 4 weeks.

Just an overall fantastic experience.
Super friendly staff and amazing team.
I look forward to heading to Waxperts each month for a day of pampering and "cleaning up.
" Run, don't walk.

My first wax experience ever was with another salon here in Vegas and it was horrible.
I had trepidation in trying this again.
However Wax Bar was phenomenal!
Annie eased my fears and talked me through the whole process.
She was patient and kept me laughing through the whole process!
There was even a flat screen playing Will and Grace to keep my mind occupied and off the pain!
I definitely will be back on a consistent basis!

As my original review stated, it's really devastating when someone has to change aestheticians.
And for me, it was extra devastating to find out both Kim and Lacy are no longer here.
I was not told explicitly by the remaining staff here that my preferred and usual waxperts were no longer here when I tried to schedule/reschedule appts (found out via Yelp), which I'm really disappointed in, because I usually do a ton of services at once and would have been really upset if I had to do those all with a stranger with no notice.
So I'm changing my rating to a 2 stars because the description fits "Meh.
I've experienced better"-- the business is still there, but it's really the wonderful services of Lacy and Kim that got me devoted to Wax Bar and kept me coming back.
Lacy was a magician with eyebrows and got me through my brow rehab.
I tried to test the waters with a new person there, but the underarm wax was very unpleasant, not as thorough and slow moving, which is not what I'm used to at all (and not something I want to experience for any other waxing services).
I have a few waxes left on the wax pass I bought here, but I'll be leaving them unused and moving on.

Very disappointed with my Brazilian that I purchased on a Groupon.
Have had my face waxed twice here and that was great.
When getting my Brazilian, my skin was torn and bleeding so the girl had to stop & put a towel under me because the paper lining was not enough to catch the blood.
Although I have two more waxes left, I will not return to this salon for a Brazilian wax.

My second time getting a wax since I've been in Vegas and I saw a groupon for this place.
I'm usually a bit skeptical of going anywhere for a wax but I'm really glad I came here.
My friend and I got our services from Karla.
She is great!!
She uses regular wax with strips in certain places and hard wax in others.
I've never experienced it like that before --it's either all strips or all hard wax.
I must say that I prefer the way Karla did it and she did it quick.
It wasn't so quick that she missed places or made it painful.
She got every single hair, completely thorough & it only hurt (mildly) in places that are most sensitive.
I love it!
Also, I normally sweat like crazy when getting it done and i realized its because they usually tell me take a deep breath or they hesitate with the pull which only makes me nervous & then the sweat rolls.
Not with Karla!!
She did her thing and I'll be back!!
Think I've found my spot!

Thank you to annie and destiny!!!
Great service and i will be back!!!!
I got the groupon and even though i had been here before, they accepted it!!!
Very very happy!!

I've been to a couple different hair removal places in town and I must say that Wax is top notch.
Extremely friendly staff and great service will keep me coming back in the future.
Waxpert Annie is my favorite.
She made getting hair ripped out of my back a pleasure.
I would definitely recommend her and Wax.

For the record, I do not wax often but when I have, it's been in either LA or NYC, where things are typically done better.
Now, I can actually say that.
My biggest challenge is that my eye brows don't grow so I have them cleaned up about once a year, sadly this place was the wrong choice for my once yearly brow tidy.
The staff as you enter are sweet but I had what appeared to be an unhappy brow tidy upper.
Even though we didn't click, I didn't want to judge her ability based on her attitude, but I should have.
My eye brows look like the first day Edward Scissorhands learned how to use his blades.
On top of it, the lady said if I dye my brows a bit darker, they would look fuller.
Now I have super dark, choppy brows (I'm blonde) and I look like a deer in headlights.
So sad, now I may have to wait two years for this slow brows to grow back in.
ugh....

I really like the lady that waxes me.
But the girl at the front desk is rude and doesn't relay messages.
Its the pierced black lady.
She's  rude and doesn't relay messages.
I called three times to speak to my girl.
To set a appointment.
She never told her to call me.
Then I called again later in the day and she said my girl was gone.
I asked did you give her the message to call me.
Their was just dead silence.
So I said I guess you didn't relay the message.
Still nothing.
Then she said I'll try to call her on her cell.
Still no call back.

So much Yes!
I have been waxing for 18 years...
I've been to different salons all over the US, I've waxed myself many times... And A Groupon popped up at just the right time for me to try this spot.
I bought the 3 package Brazilian special on groupon for 75$.
Karla just gave me one of the best waxes I've had...
Ever...
I am black Irish.. Fair skin with coarse black hair, sometimes I bruise or bleed from waxing... Not today..
It was probably the most painless, quick wax  I've  had in years.
Def.
check them out..
I know I will only book with Karla when I return.. Ps..
This isn't a topic I would normally yelp about...
It's not "cute" but my experience was so good.. And I personally turn to Yelp for recommendations...
I had to share.
Ps., Karla works  "Thurs Fri Sat..(says on her card) however I came in a Sunday...
So???
But when I come back in, I'll schedule with her.

Loved my experience at Wax Bar!!
The location is great, it was VERY clean and the staff was friendly and professional.
It was a bit more expensive than I am used to but the  social media discount helped take the edge off - wish I could only take a 1/2 star off - I will be back!
You should go...

Been coming here for a few months now and I still love the experience.
Annie is my girl and she is so friendly and easy to talk to every time I come in.
Also love the fact that there's always a new movie playing when I go in to help keep my mind off of things!

