I just returned from my first visit to this shop for a men's cut.
While the shop just opened in the past week or so, the buildout was tastefully done.
I had no problem communicating what I was looking for in a cut, and was very happy with how it turned out.
My cut was $15.

I thought about changing my older review, but I thought I'd leave it I hopes that my frustration with them is a temporary thing.
Monday I left work a little early to make sure I get to this shop before closing.
I had double checked the hours here on yelp.
I arrived to find that they are closed on Monday's.
Today, Tuesday, I drove over after work to finally get that haircut.
This time I arrived at 5:47 to see a handwritten note on the door saying that they are closing today at 5:45.
I'm not sure if I've got the patience to try again.
Maybe I'll give V's at Norterra a shot.

They are one of the few places around that can cut close enough for those military guys.... And I had my hair cut there, the lady was awesome, I don't normally trust a barber shop to do this, but you know what I would go back here in a heart beat!!

These people KNOW how to cut hair.
I would drive from Scottsdale to get my haircut here.

These people can cut hair.
I have lived, and visited all over the west coast and it is hard to find people who can cut hair good.
All the barbers here can cut hair great.
They are super friendly, professional and consistently turn out good hair cuts.
I don't usually leave feed back but, felt compelled to because of Eric B, who gave them one star for being closed on Mondays!
Wow...what does being closed regularly on Mondays have to do with rating how well they cut hair???
Haters gonna hate I guess....as far as hair cuts go.
This place is five star!

We stopped in when we could not get to our regular barbershop due to an accident on Bell road.
The prices were good, the barbers were all efficient and it looked like everyone was happy.
Most important to me, they did a great job on my sons haircut and we walked out happy!
Not a bad deal at all.
Very good cuts.
We would return to this shop again.

Stopped in on my way home for the first time.
Pleased to see two full seats and one free barber on a Friday.
Very friendly staff and I was pleased with the haircut and beard trim.
Great prices and great service, I'll be back!

VERY impressed with this little gem of a barbershop!
Friendly and very experienced staff in the cleanest barbershop I've ever been in.
The staff has done a first-rate job on my boys' hair every time they've gone in.
Even my baby gets a super haircut to the point where I have no idea how they could have done so well as he's pretty squirmy!
He always looks sharp!
Highly recommend this shop!

Have been back multiple times since my first visit and all I can say is, top notch.
The barbers at this store all know their craft.
This shop is five stars all the way and they do a great job.

I take my six-year-old son here for his Mohawk cut.
They do a great job, are always friendly and the wait is pretty short when you just walk-in.
I've tried a few other shops in the Surprise area and this place is head and shoulders superior.

I may not have very much hair on my head, but i appreciate a good haircut.
First time coming in here today, and I will defiantly be coming back.

I have been looking for a while to find another barber.
This place was friendly, clean and fast.
I may be a regular here...

Been in a few times with a couple different barbers.
Can't go wrong with any of them!
Great hours and easy to get to!

Just came back from a great first time haircut at All Stylez Barbershop and IT'S GREAT.
After reading such great reviews for All Stylez I thought it would be a place to try.
I haven't had a haircut in about two years so my hair was long and in a pony tail.
The young lady who cut my hair asked what I wanted I told her "short".
She asked if I wanted to keep the pony tail and I said no.
She then proceeded to give me an outstanding "regular" haircut.
She was quick, thorough and careful.
Whoa, she did a great job, including trimming my sideburns, and eyebrows.
Too cool.
I'm sorry I didn't catch her name but she was really excellent.
I left All Stylez looking good and my wife tells me she didn't know I could be even more handsome.
All Stylez made my day and will make my nights better.
Cost of all this great care was very reasonable.
I will be going back the next time I'm ready for a haircut.
Good job All Stylez.

