I'm a Realtor and owner of Myriad Real Estate Group.
I first started working with AZ BuildPro and Brendan Bader several years ago to assist me in maintaining our Foreclosed Properties, which we market and sell for a variety of different Banks.
This was just after the melt down in the housing market.
Once the meltdown occurred Brendan and I were extremely busy, peaking in 2009.
With his assistance he has helped me manage and close over 300 properties.
He not only did all the major repairs to the properties, including major renovations, painting, carpeting, and roofing.
He also did the small things like maintained the pools, landscaping, and cleanliness of the homes.
I couldn't have closed as many as I did without his help.
Now with foreclosed properties all but a distant memory and Arizona's housing market well on it's way to recovery, he has become our go to guy for all of our regular clients renovations and repairs.
I've shifted my focus away from Foreclosed Properties to work strictly with Buyers and Sellers.
Many of our clients have used Brendan and his services for major home remodels, flips, as well as what some would call handyman services.
Our Sellers have often used him to prepare their homes to be placed on the market or make repairs that were discovered during a home inspection.
When it comes to a Contractor you need someone you can trust, someone you know wont take advantage of you and will always do the right thing.
You also want someone who charges a fair price.
Brendan and his team at AZ BuildPro have met those qualifications time and time again.
He is our number one referral to our clients needing work done to their home, and to date we have never had a complaint about his services or his prices.
We only refer vendors that we would trust to do work on our own homes, and I can proudly say that everyone on my team has used AZ BuildPro and will continue to into the future.
Brendan and his team may not be a direct members of Myriad Real Estate Group, but we consider him part of our team and an invaluable resource.

Brendan and AZ BuildPro have helped me with several projects... including cleaning up the mess a different contractor left when I was adding on to my home.
AZ BuildPro continues to be my go-to contractor for ANYTHING as I know that Brendan and his crew will constantly be honest, up front, helpful, professional, timely and all-around excellent.
Without reservation, I recommend AZ BuildPro to anyone looking for a contractor for the smallest to largest projects.

Brendan and his team do great work and also stick with a project to come up with real solutions to issues.
I had sliding "barn doors" installed in my office which I love.
He had a great distressed finish done for them and I finally have privacy.
We also had a mantel installed into our pre-exisiting fireplace and it looks like it's always been there.
Brendan found a great salvaged wood place for me because I wanted real, old wood for the mantel.
Hard workers, polite, great work at a reasonable price.
I recommend them.

