Express is everywhere, but this location in Town Square is amazing for both girls and guys.
I can always find EVERYTHING, and in my size.
Plus the staff is wonderful - they always find new items for me to spend my money on.
Finally, the location itself is great - Town Square is my favorite shopping/dining spot in Las Vegas for locals.

I love Express.
I have an Express card, and I use it often.
However, I won't be returning to THIS particular Express.
I guess I've reached that magical age when you buy multiples of things you like.
I always used to make fun of my mom for owning a particular cardigan in every color imaginable, but if I find something I like these days, I must have every possible variety.
I guess it's true when they say all women eventually become their mothers.
Anyway, I found a dress at Express a few weeks ago that I LOVE.
My fiancé usually doesn't notice what I'm wearing, but this particular dress turned his head, which is a good sign.
I knew that it was made in a couple of other colors, so he suggested we get another one.
We headed back to this Express to get it, and I didn't even think about the fact that I was wearing the original dress at the time.
When I entered the store, I passed by four associates who all started snickering at me and rolling their eyes.
I felt very self-conscious - I didn't realize why they were doing it at first - but I went ahead and grabbed what I needed.
When I walked up to the register, I was greeted by one of the snickering sales associates.
She immediately said (in a condescending fashion), "hey, nice dress...", then proceeded to laugh at me with another sales associate and shake her head.
Red-faced, I proceeded to explain about how much I loved that particular dress and just HAD to have another color, blah, blah, blah... but I was humiliated.
If someone returns to your store wearing something you carry, you should feel glad that they are funding your paycheck.
Instead, I was made to feel embarrassed and silly.
During the entire transaction, they were laughing AT me, not WITH me... because I wasn't laughing.
My fiance got so angry that he had to leave the store before I finished checking out or he would have gone off.
I SHOULD have walked out, but I wanted that dress very badly.
Unfortunately, now when I wear that dress, it has bad associations attached to it.
If an Express manager reads this, you absolutely NEED to speak to your sales associates about respecting their customers.
You have lost one because of their ineptitude and lack of class.

Holy Bejeesus they were having a HUGE sale yesterday.
John did a great job setting me up with a fitting room and checked up occasionally to ask about fitting and if there are any other colors i was interested in.
Then he disappeared for a bit.
Turns out he was helping my buddy with a shirt.
This Express store didn't carry the size he was interested in so John called up a few other locations, tracked down the size and color at the Fashion Show Mall location and had them hold it till we got there.
Props to you John

Seriously... never.
again.
If there's anything I've learned in life, it's to think before I speak.
Shouldn't there be some sort of video entitled "How not to put your foot in your mouth" or "How to be tactful" that every employee must watch before they start in the retail industry?
Will preface this by saying I swear I'm not one of those gals who wears things two sizes too small and thinks it looks too big, lol.
You'll never catch me rocking something that I needed spanx and a day of starvation to fit in.
I wanted to try on a dress but they didn't have my size.
Took the only size they had (small) to the dressing room and asked the employee if they had it in a medium.
She replied, "why, they didn't have a size large on the rack?
"  I envisioned choking her with the size small dress and instead replied that I was sure I was a medium.
But seriously, come on lady.
You're no fool.
You're a woman.
And you understand that women are sensitive about their bodies and weight, no matter what they look like.
Was the comment really necessary?
How about a "I'll check for you" or "we only have whatever's left on the rack"??
All's well that end's well.
The size medium fit GREAT and I looked pretty good in it :)  But I'll save myself the hit on my self esteem and stay away from this place until I'm a size small...
The end.

