This review is written based on my experience with the SALES DEPARTMENT only.
I have had no contact with parts or service.
According to the salesman we dealt with today, this very pretty dealership has only been open for 18 days.
That could be why there is no signage on the back side of the property that actually backs up to the 215.
Either way, it's pretty foolish if you ask me.
I pulled in driving a Mercedes and 3 salesmen swarmed my car -- no joke.
I wanted to leave right then, but my boyfriend wanted to see what they had.
The salesman who tagged us by being the first to talk to us was pretty aggressive from the get go.
He wanted us inside sitting down before even taking a look at a single car.
We were both offered water, but everyone does that these days.
My boyfriend is in the market for either a used Beetle or Jetta, but we both thought their used inventory was all overpriced.
We won't be going back.

I am so pleased with both the sales and service departments.
Service Dept- I purchased a used VW Jetta from another dealership and brought it to this VW for service.
They were so friendly and helpful.
Bruce answered all of my questions, put me in a loaner, and called me daily with updates until my car was fixed.
My car was dropped off on a Saturday to get a bew transmission and we picked her up Wednesday night, even though the tranni had to come from out of state.
Sales Dept-  My fiance traded in his truck the night we went to pick up my VW from being serviced.
He walked out with a VW GTI.
We bought from Angela Greeley and she was great.
We had a lot of questions and anything we needed, she addressed.
From test drive, to trade in, financing, thru walk around of the new car, everything seemed to be easy breezy and we never felt pressured.
In the future, we will be going here for all of our VW servicing.
I highly recommend them above Findlay Henderson or Desert for any of your VW needs.

Prior to this location opening, I would drive to Henderson Findlay for service over Desert so I was glad to learn a closer option was available.
My experience is with the service department.
My car was out of commission for a couple weeks because of a window issue and the part was on back order.
The service department kept me apprised every few days about what was going on and called me immediately to schedule an appointment when it came in, and at that time I was given a loaner car for a couple of days.
In fact, I think they put you in a nicer loaner with all the bells and whistles to suck you into buying a new vehicle.
Nice try, Findlay!

What's this, Curmudgeon fans?!!
Has our protagonist fallen victim to a kind gesture?
Or has he fallen victim to the evil machinations of nefarious, evil dealership hypnosis?!
No.
He has figured out the best way to defeat those Automobile Overlords and actually thwarts their insidious ways with tricks of his own.
It can be done!!
Follow me as I explain how to shop and purchase a car without A) losing your shirt, B) feeling as if you've been victimized by land sharks, and C) feeling you need to wash for a month with sandpaper.
RULE # 1 - Do Your Homework!
Go online and know what you are getting and how much it should cost.
Information is knowledge.
RULE # 2 - Stick to your Guns!
Be prepared to walk out if you feel pressured or uncomfortable.
If a bells goes off in your Spidey senses, walk away but fast.
RULE # 3 - Be prepared to haggle!
You will win more and lose less if you do.
Oh sure, they don't give them away, but if you listen to rule 1, you know how far you are away from a good deal and a fleecing.
Do NOT get fleeced.
Be prepared to pay a little, but no thru the nose.
RULE # 4 - Be Firm, but Nice !
Realize they are people too And they deserve to make some profit.
Establish a good relationship to get good service.
You will probably want to go back for oil changes or parts or service.
Don't make enemies.
If they don't care or respect you, they won't do the same for your car.
So about my personal experience.
I contacted the Online guy, Robin ( you can tell him I sent you ) and avoided the "goldfish in a bowl surrounded by cats" syndrome by driving up and asking for him.
We talked and test drove and looked at a few suggestions other than the original vehicle.
We tried to be funny, and he pretended to laugh at our jokes.
Actually we did establish a good rapport and that made a world of difference.
The online guys tend to be much nicer for some reason.
Yes, we hassled, and Yes, we went back and forth on negotiations.
But we followed all the rules and did have a pleasant experience.
And I forgot to mention, we DID get a Volkswagen.
And we're tickled with both the car and the people we dealt with.
So there, Curmudgeon fans, that's my story and I'm sticking to it.

Thankfully a VW dealership is in the north west!
We traded in our SUV for a brand new passat and couldn't be happier.
We worked directly with Ron Waite, who knew the ins and outs of VW.
We felt very comfortable, never pressured, and walked away happy for once in our 5 years in Las Vegas dealing with a car dealership.
This dealer is great if you are looking for an awesome, extremely reliable car, go for German made, and ask for Ron!

Having recently relocated to Las Vegas we were at a bit of a disadvantage as we know no one and couldn't rely on a first hand referral for a car dealership or salesperson.
Findlay North is near by so we took a chance and walked in.
Very pleased with our experience, Ron W. was our salesperson and he did a great job in working with us and doing his job as a salesperson.
Not too much pressure, understood where we were in the buying process and respected that (you don't get that from a lot of salespeople).
Ron's been doing this for awhile and is truly a Sales Professional who's in it for the long haul.
Also worked with Cory G. the Sales Manager, similar experience with Cory.
The car we wanted wasn't in stock, they found it for us in less than 24 hours and we got the car for pretty much what we asked for.
No difficult negotiation and at the end of the day I feel it was an equitable deal for both parties.
So, if you're in the market for a car based on my first experience with Findlay I can recommend them.
Hopefully we won't have to deal with service other than regular maintenance, but when we do I'll be sure to update.
If you go in be sure to ask for Ron W. he'll take good care of you.
Tell him "Pearl" sent you, he'll know who we are.

Findlay definitely changed it up...
I went in and handled everything for my mom to buy a car.
I recommend seeing Conrad for new car sales.
No pressure and totally easy to deal with.
It's people like him that take the stress out of buying a car.

Had a pretty typical experience, salesman being a hapless middle man for the negotiations, finance guy trying to upsell us on warranties that were overpriced and not needed.
Basically trying to squeeze every last nickel out of us while holding us hostage, you know, the usual.
The one thing was that the salesman was hyper-focused on having us fill out a survey and giving him good marks.
We were barely into the negotiations when he started bringing it up.
Every time we would make a counter offer he would looked confused like he just took a bong hit, scurry off to the man behind the curtain and come back with yet another unreasonable offer.
Every time in again on his stupid survey.
I told him I didn't care to fill it out and he looked panic stricken.
He asked if my wife who was on the phone with our insurance would fill it out and I warned that she was about at the end of her rope, that it wouldn't be a good idea., as soon as she hung up he was begging her to fill it out.
Anyway we got a 2013 Golf which we love and I get an email containing the survey so I filled it out in great detail listing all the areas of improvement I thought they might consider.
I was honest and my comments were fairly brutal but they were the truth, real constructive criticism.
The next day I happened to notice that there was no place to put my front license plate on the car but there was a bracket in the trunk so I called my salesman to see if I could get them to put it on since I am a proud veteran with veteran plates I wanted to display them on both ends of my new car.
He launched into me about how come I killed him on his stupid survey and how he was going to lose money because of me.
I asked about the front plate bracket but he was only interested in arguing about the survey.
I told him I was sorry but that was how I felt and we ended the conversation.
He made a point to call me right back and tell me the shop would not install the bracket, to do it myself or pay someone else to do it.
Don't make such a huge deal about your survey if you can't handle the truth.
Real class act Findlay.

Ok this review might be a bit lengthy but I feel the need to warn others, especially young people that are buying their first car & aren't too sure what to expect.
So my family is military and we do everything pretty much through USAA.
They have this pretty cool car buying service where they can give you a quote on a car and you can print out the certificate to take to the dealership and they'll even contact the dealership, to let them know.
So I went online found a good deal on a Jetta and got my certificate.
I received a call from the dealership.
I let them know that I didn't have the best credit and didn't plan on putting done much of a down payment, so before I went in I wanted to know if they think they could possibly approve me.
The guy who called said he was pretty sure that he could and asked for some of my info so he could she if I could get pre qualifies before coming in.
I agreed.
He then called me back and stated that he could get my qualified.
I went to the dealership and found out the model I told him I wanted they didn't even have, well they claimed they didn't have, and wanted to sell me a more expensive one.
They said it wouldn't be too much out of my budget for what I wanted my payments to be.
Before that though, they tried to get me to look at several other used cars that I didn't like.
I agreed to maybe looking at a used Jetta but I knew already that I wanted a Jetta for sure.
So finally they bring out the upgraded model.
I did like it and agrees to see what the pricing would be.
So 1st they came back and asked for a big down payment, after I already told them I didn't have it, and the payment was almost about a 100 over what I said I wanted.
I want back and forth with them for a while.
Then once I was stressed out and ready to go all of a sudden they said they had the original Jetta I asked for and could give me a better payment.
We went back and forth for a while and I decided I needed to go home and think about it.
My parents were suppose to be helping me out w/ the car as far as paying for it so I wanted to talk to my mom 1st.
Unfortunately they are currently stationed in Korea so they couldn't be here to actually go w/ me.
in the morning I received an email from the dealer saying if I can back they'd also take care of my 1st yrs registration and tint my windows.
So I told my mom the whole deal, so she agreed that I should go back.
Went back and the problems began.
1st they tried to say that, they couldn't throw in the registration or tint because they were giving me such a discount.
BULLSHIT!
We went back and forth, then I called me my mom and she was pissed and felt they tricked me into goin there just to play around w/ me.
She knew a guy at the automation Volkswagen & she called him up told him about what was happening and he said that dealership always does things like that to people, so she told me to leave and go to the other one.
Once I was going to leave then they started agreeing to give me everything I wanted.
But my mom was like no they're shady just go to The other place.
I asked them who it was they were financing me through anyways and they claimed it was straight through Volkswagen.
So mom was like yea definitely just go over to the other one.
They kept trying to pressure me to just sign the  Deal, they were very aggressive and underline rude.
And said if I left they were not going to honor anything if I came back but the other VW already said they would match all the perks.
So I decided to take my moms advice and leave.
When I got over to automation, I explained the situation.
The manager there called Volkswagens financing and come to find out Findlay hadn't even really gotten an approval through them!!!!!
I was so upset!!!
So basically they were trying to get me to sign and take the car and then call me back in so many days and try to tell me something went wrong w/ the loan and my interest was going to be more or that I would have to put more money down or something!!!!
How shady is that?!!!
They just seen I was a young female that never bought a car and tries to take advantage of me.
The salesmen at Findlay was actually very nice but the managers and the financing people are terrible!!
I highly recommend to stir clear of this place!!!
There was even more terrible things that they said and did but this pretty much sums it all up.
This place deserve stars in the negative!

Went in for our 30 day checkup and was relieved that the shop seems to be run very well.
Buying the car was not the most pleasant experience but now that part is over Im looking forward to dealing with the service department, even got a courtesy wash.
The shop staff were friendly and professional

My new VW Dealer!!!
I have to say these guys were great.
I brought my car in from Desert VW on Sahara because I was on the 5th time for the same problem.
They made sure I was taken care of as soon as I could.
They diagnosed my car within an hour and half.
They checked on me and were great.
Bruce the gentleman who was in charge my car was wonderful and so nice, even though I must have seemed like a basketcase because I was upset from my previous dealings at Desert VW.
I will happily drive further to go to this VW.
I am so happy they have opened, and they now have a new and very happy customer!

My used car was ready to take home 3 days later than Findlay North PROMISED it would be ready when we were in discussion.
By the time it was delivered, I had left for a trip out of the country.
Their lie was extremely unprofessional and caused much inconvenience to continuously have to call the dealership to hear that to they had lied to me and my car would not be ready before I left the country for my trip.
The manager fed me a bunch of crap about the price that was different from what I had agreed to with the salesman.
In addition, there are multiple scratches on the hood of the car.
Every other dealership that I have ever bought a used car from has had the decency to fix up scratches before giving it to the customer- further showing me why I should not do business with Findlay North.
It is completely unacceptable for a reputable dealership to lie to customers and offer such poor quality, which is probably why their customer parking lot was completely empty.
I am a fan of Volkswagen cars, but I will be servicing my vehicle and purchasing future vehicles from any VW dealership OTHER than Findlay North.
I will be letting my family and friends know about the service I received.

I had taken my 2004 Jetta in for service and found myself scoping out the inventory while I waited.
I wasn't planning to buy, but the salesperson, Ron, said he would give me a good deal.
What I wanted was a new Jetta with the same equipment as my old one, to trade in my 2004 (which had long been paid off), to put no money down, and to walk away with a car payment under $249.
It took some haggling, but I drove away in a new car and got everything I'd asked for.
Ron Waite is wonderful to deal with and when I'm ready to go back I will only buy a car from him.
Taking my car in for its regular "check ups" has been easy and pleasant too.
Service staff is friendly and courteous.
In all, I'm glad Findlay North is on my side of town.

This is one of those cases where I would give -10 stars if I could.
I would consider the service department to be thieves especially Alex.
Had my car towed their after it was completely dead after replacing a battery for a second time within a few months.
Alex informs me that in order to even perform a diagnostic I need a new battery for $200 because a charge alone won't give it enough to do this.
I'm no mechanic but how can a dealership not jump it or doesn't have a battery lying around to test it.
Since the batter was brand new and still under warranty this didn't seem right to me so I had it towed elsewhere.
When I arrived to pick it up lo and behold he drove what I thought was a car that couldn't hold a charge around to the front of the service department.
WTF!
He also tried to charge me for a diagnostic which I never agreed to since they said they couldn't do it without my purchasing a new battery.
After the car was towed to what will be my forever mechanic now for my Beetle he said I don't understand why the dealership couldn't see that simple fix and the battery is fine and doesn't need replacing.
All that was wrong was loose battery cables.
And on top of that he charged me nothing.
Findlay NV has lost a customer for life and I will warn everyone I know to stay away from this Stealership!
ETA:  While I appreciate James C responding I don't see how it is relevant because my battery was never dead or bad in the first place.
Since having it towed to a reputable mechanic I have been driving the car ever since without incident.
I am just glad they didn't get my $200 and whatever else they might have tried to charge in addition to that had I let them keep my car.

Our experience was nothing short of exemplary!
From Julius in Sales to Gabe in Finance.
We have never experienced such personalized service that made us feel like royalty.
The time Julius spent with us test driving a car, and keeping my daughter focused on what she can afford was much appreciated!
Gabe the finance manager; took his time to educated us on all the perks of leasing.
We took a month to shop around; after dealing with a Honda dealership, Carmax and other lots we felt rushed and like cattle.
At Findlay you felt like family.
No rush, no pressure just pure family.
I've already recommended Findlay 5 times.
What an amazing experience.
What an amazing crew!
Thank you!





exceptional assistance!
bought a VW and had a trip to San Diego planned.
An unexpected issue brought me to a stalled vehicle on the side of I-15 just outside of Primm.
The dealer sent someone over to me with a loaner vehicle to drive to San Diego for the weekend and remained there in order to ensure I got on the road while they waited for the tow truck.
Immediately upon my return after a weekend down South, they had a brand new VW waiting for me.
These folks are true professionals.

I had to bring my VW in for some warranty work (faulty intake manifold) and was helped by Alex.
He was extremely nice and helpful.
I usually HATE going to dealerships to get any work done, but this experience may make me less reluctant to get my 50k tune done through these guys.



