So it's been just over 2 weeks since Baby M was born, and all is going well.
As a matter of fact, most people that see me, a first time mom, in action, are telling me I seem pretty calm.
I have to credit this calmness to Desiree Nessline of Arizona Baby Services.
Thankfully, I met Desiree through another first time mom (thanks Lori M) and planned ahead (aka booked her services months in advance), so that Desiree was able to spend our first 48 hours at home with us and the baby.
Desiree is not only a night nurse.
She's a newborn specialist and her services include: *nighttime care  *infant sleep training *infant sleep consulting *infant care consulting *correction of "poor sleep habits" *reflux/colic relief *around the clock infant care (24/7) *preemie care *multiples care *preparing baby's nursery *short term night nanny *short term day nanny *traveling duty     Basically, Desiree is a wealth of knowledge when it comes to anything and everything baby-related.
She helped me with preparing for the baby, the essentials I needed for the nursery, getting the baby on a sleep schedule, breast-feeding, pumping, swaddling, diaper changing, and so much more!
Even after the time that Desiree spent with us, she's made herself available to answer questions of all sorts...
I am sure I will continue to use Desiree's services in the future as needed and I highly recommend her to anyone looking for help whether you're a first-time mom or if you have experience already.
She is trustworthy, extremely talented and passionate about what she does, and fun to be around too.
My only advice: call her asap as she books out way ahead of time!

We were at our wits end with our almost 6 week old.
She never slept...NEVER.
We had no clue what to do.
She wasn't sick...didn't have colic....we had gotten into elaborate, insane sleep routines that took 45 minutes.
Then we called Desiree.
And she literally changed our lives.
Within a few days, our baby was NAPPING ON A SCHEDULE.
Better yet....she began to sleep through the night.
THE ENTIRE NIGHT.
Not only we were new parents, we had a brand new baby.
She was happy, she went from crying hours a day to fussing rarely.
She ate better.
She grew better.
Desiree helped us understand what she needs to sleep and how to set up her day so we have order, time to do things and predictability.
Our baby doesn't go to sleep with a pacifier or any routine.
She falls asleep on her own now.
I have no idea where we would be without her.
It's well over a month later and things are still amazing.
Our baby sleeps like a dream.
People are shocked to hear our 12 week old sleeps for 12 hours.
But she does!
She is happy, healthy and thriving!
Desiree is completely trustworthy.
I wouldn't hesitate to call her again if we needed her help and I was never worried about her being in our home.
She took wonderful care of our baby while she was with us.
She is kind, friendly, passionate about her work and very knowledgable.
I can't say enough good things about her.
If you are looking for a night nurse, newborn help, sleep training...CALL HER.
And then do what she says.
She will point you in the right direction while being considerate of your babies needs.
I tell everyone I meet with a new baby about her because she is that amazing.

We used Desiree's services 3 years ago to help us with our 5 month old boy.
In 2 days she did wonders!!!!
Our boy slept through the night and brought back our well needed sleep.
I was very impressed with our results.
I highly recommend her :)

