I was very excited to use a local company for lawn treatment.
Their pricing was comparable to what we were quoted from other places.
We had visited their nursery and were impressed.
We had conversations with the parents of the owners that were helping to run the place and we were excited to give them business.
What a disaster....the first application killed many of my plants next to the house (and some that I had purcahsed from them the year before) , over 3/4 of my strawberry patch and my rhubarb.
Yes, the creeping charlie was receeding and my lawn was green after application, but my plants were dead.
We called them and they told us that they would take part of our bill off.
I was mostly satisfied with this.
They came again on a Friday when we specifically asked for them to come Mon-Wed.
I was mad but let them come one more time.
The last time they came it was right before it rained.
The application did not have enough time to dry and none of the weeds were killed.
We basically paid them for nothing.
We called and this insisted that there was sufficient time for drying even though we know it was less than an hour.
They offered nothing and were rude.
We told them not to come back.
Very disappointed in this local business.

Best Buds is a full service lawn, landscape, greenhouse, and snow removal service.
I have utilized their services for a couple landscaping projects at my home and would highly recommend them.
Family owned and operated.
Excellent customer service.
They are my first call if I need something special done around my home because I know they always put 110% into making their customers happy.

We contracted with Best Buds to put in a walkway between our deck and pond.
They were promptly there to provide a quote and the work started on schedule.
The workers were very efficient and delightful to have around.
They even allowed a grandson to help out.
We were so pleased with the quality of their work that we asked them to come back and put in a patio which we have thoroughly enjoyed.
We are now contemplating asking them to come back yet a third time to provide an estimate on upgrading a path to our rose garden.
Delightful and friendly young workers who do quality work.
Would highly recommend.

