A new Thai restaurant close to home!
I just had Pin Kaow last night so when I noticed this new place near my great dentist, I thought a taste comparison was in order.
This place smells fresh and new.
Contemporary decor, soft Thai music playing, friendly wait staff.
Apparently, the owners have owned and sold other Thai restaurants around town.
I ordered the Chicken Laab salad and the Som Tum with Grilled Shrimp.
Both were excellent, and I definitely preferred their green papaya salad to the one served at Pin Kaow.
They have a Prix Fixe Lunch menu AND they deliver!
I'll be back!

Summary:   I wanted to be, but I am not in love.
I had high hopes, but I feel they were a bit dashed.
As for authenticity?
I don't know, I am not in the kitchen when they prepare things (though some of the other reviews make me wonder if *they* are... interpret as you wish).
Slightly longer version:  I stopped in here with high expectations.
I ordered three items to go and used the Yelp check-in special for 10% off my order.
-- Curry puffs  A little overcooked but, by far, the star of the show.
7 or 8 large, flavorful, puffs with cucumber relish (more like a cucumber salad, if we're going to be accurate).
I really liked that they were snap-crispy on the outside and slightly over-browned.
Personal preference?
Not usually, as some was a little more than over-browned.
BUT, against the soft, tender, flavorful filling?
It was perfect.
It had to be an accident as no one would cook these to the point of almost burnt in some spots, but it somehow worked here.
-- Chicken Tom Kha (soup)  I am at a loss.
The flavors were really good and the heat was perfect.
The chicken and mushrooms were tender.
But the texture of the soup itself was... the only way to describe it was that there is either a powdered component that wasn't properly mixed in or, worse, something curdled?
It had a grainy, thick, unmixed feel and look to it.
Now, you may point out that this was take out.
However, I have had Thai soups delivered or taken home from much greater distances.
I considered that and after much hoping, realized it was, in fact, the soup.
:(  -- Panang with Tofu (curry)  Unfortunately, I didn't get panang with tofu as much as I got tofu with a little panang.
Not nearly enough curry for what they charge and not at all what I was expecting.
The curry was more like a sauce for the tofu instead of being the main dish I ordered.
The flavors, like the soup, were great.
A little less on the herbs, a lot less on the tofu, and more - please!
- of the panang.
The heat was not spot on like the soup, but it was close.
Damn!
I really was excited about this place, too!
Overall, a lackluster experience.
The stars definitely come from the flavors and the puffs... but there are enough "oh, no...." moments to make me sad about it.
To be absolutely fair, I will be going back and dining in, taking a person or people with me who also love Thai food.
I want so badly for this to be a good place, but based on this one meal?
It's a cross between Meh, I have had better and A-OK.
I will err on the positive and see what happens next time.

I like the interior of the place; its got a nice warm modern feel to it.
Selection of food choices are a bit different from other thai places; there seems to be chinese style dishes mixed with thai dishes and this meant there were fewer choices for thai ones.
I had the pork belly with chinese broccoli (with jasmin rice) and it was quite tasty.
Not overcooked or too over-spiced.
Overall the experience was good; service was good and it wasnt crowded at all for a saturday night.
Prices are slightly higher than other thai places in the area and the food was not exactly better so I'll just stick with my current fav siri thai.

Beautiful new Thai restaurant.
Great atmosphere, excellent service and absolutely delicious food.
The 2 course lunch special is a great deal.
I will definitely put Gaati on my short list of favorite restaurants!
Plus the owners ROCK =))

Was so wanting to love this place.
Maybe my expectations were too high since other yelp reviews were good.
I was rushed off phone when I finished the order & asked for a price "I'll call you back", click, didn't even get to ask for brown rice with my curry.
My pumpkin curry was super bland & definitely not medium in heat level, plus they didn't give me the extra chili peppers I requested.
I may be a white, born & raised in New England person, but I want to break a sweat when I order spicy Thai.
They say their spicy scale is 1-4, so I asked for 3, but no heat maybe a 2 on my beloved Thai Noodle House's 1-10 scale.
Luckily I had a jar of sliced green Thai chilies at home, but had to add about 2 tablespoons which added heat but some flavor would have been nice too.
Tried his pad see ew after he declared it "horrible".
I'd never met a pad see ew I didn't like, until now.
Noodles sticky, probably from the starch, not the sauce which was also bland.
Plus the veggies in it were not the same as other Thai restaurants - only broccoli & collard-like greens.
I was hoping the food would have made up for the service both when I ordered & when he picked up.
But sadly, this is not even on par with the other nearby Thai restaurants on Eastern & near Galleria which only deserved 1-2 visits each.
Guess Henderson is not the place for good Thai - need to drive farther into Vegas.

I was so excited when I saw a Thai restaurant opening so close to home but ugh, so disappointed.
I should have known to run when instead of asking what spice level I wanted on a scale of one to ten they asked if i wanted hot medium or mild.
I ordered the Tom yum soup (hot) and got a bowl of bland broth (maybe just hot water?
) with huge chunks of chicken and one shrimp, nothing more.
I also ordered the green curry (again hot) and it was literally the worst I've ever had.
Thai food is all about flavor, this was just tasteless blah.
I'm giving them two stars cause the brown rice was cooked perfectly and my friends pad Thai was ok, but again, just ok.
Very disappointing :-(

Brought more friends to Gaati for lunch.
We ALL loved everything we ordered and it was fun to taste several things on the menu.
We had the curry puffs, dumplings(sauce is divine) and Tom Yum Koong to share as starters.
I always order a 10 on the spice scale and today I broke a sweat- it was perfect!
My girlfriend on the other hand can't handle the heat so I recommended a 3, but she went for a 5.
She loved it.
My friends are curry lovers so they tried the yellow curry and the red curry lunch specials and there wasn't anything left on their plates.
My favorite is the Thai Chicken Salad - I've been craving it since my last visit last week.
Just  thinking about it makes my mouth water.
YUM.
But to top it off we shared an authentic Thai dessert so they brought us out the Pumpkin Custard.
I've never tasted anything like it.
It was sweet (but not too sweet), warm and oh soooo delicious.
I tried just to eat a small bite but couldn't help eating my whole portion.

I was out on business, and found myself here.
The food was great.
I had the curry puff, which was pretty good.
I'm a fan of cucumber relish with these, and there's was pretty good.
My main dish was Pad See Ew with Chicken.
By far my favorite, the noodles were firm and the sauce was perfect.
Atmosphere was pleasing, and definitely new.
A great place to try in my book.

Wow, what a great new restaurant.
Tried the veggies and tofu which was sooo good, I had to have it again the following day.
Veggies perfectly done and tofu excellent.
First tried curry puffs and while I'm not a curry person, these were tasty and worth having again.
Second time tried the chicken dumplings and again, so tasty and so worth the return visit.
To die for?
Try the thai tea or coconut ice cream.
Good luck to this place.

I lived in Thailand for 2 years, and I'm pretty Thai-food snobby.
So far this has been the only Thai place I've liked in the Henderson/Vegas area.
Soups and grilled foods are authentic.
Great wine list, especially for a Thai restaurant.

Finally, a Thai restaurant that has nice ambience AND great food!
We had the Gaati house soup (a bit bland, but otherwise nice and different), Thai beef salad (nice, a bit too much lime juice), pad thai (super flavor!, one of the best I've had in a while), and vegetables (great flavor also!
) They also have brown rice (yes!).
Overall, good portions and very tasty food.
Best of all, and this is hard to find, the food wasn't too greasy.
We'll definitely be back for more

I know Thai food and this restaurant rocks!
I had the $9 lunch special Thai Red Chicken Curry, spice level of medium with brown rice for $1 more.
Delicioious and with just the right spice.
Full of coconut milk and loads of tender chicken and bamboo shoots and fresh vege like zuchinni  and carrots.
It also came with a choice of soup or salad.
I decided with the Chicken Tom Kah Soup - coconut milk but a sour twist in the soup - medium spicy.
Just the right amount of heat for me!
BTW, Gaati means Coconut Milk.

I don't want to sound like a broken record by repeating what many have said BUT, I so wanted to like this place too and didn't.
It's closer than our go to place, Pinkaow so we were happy to see a new Thai place in our area.
My husband had his favorite Spicy Chicken Mint and I had Pad Kee Mao with tofu.
The noodles were good but the chicken dish had way too much sliced onion and the spice level was way off.
I'm not exaggerating when i say about half of the dish was sliced onion.
My husband has a pretty high tolerance for spice but went with their "medium" spicy.
To test out our first order.
It was way hotter than it should have been.
He normally gets the "Thai Spicy" from Pinkaow, which is just above their 10 level but said Gaatis medium was just as hot if not hotter.
For a medium spice level, it was way too hot.
The prices are slightly higher than Pinkaow but you get less food.
I figure maybe we need to give them a second shot and order other dishes but based on our first experience, it would be hard to go back when we know what we are going to get from our other reliable go to Thai restaurant.

This place has really good thai food.
I have been here numerous times already and I have yet to leave without a smile on my face.
They cater the heat of the menu item to your liking and there is no bar so it is a nice, quiet setting.
Staff is attentive and couldn't be nicer.

I have been to this restaurant twice and everything that I have had has been wonderful.
I absolutely love the Papaya Salad, the peanuts give it a great crunch and add texture to the dish.
The coconut chicken soup is creamy and rich.
The entrees are delish too.
I have been to Thailand and this is the best since I have been back.
The coconut icecream is homemade and very good (not too sweet).
The lunch options are great with a great value.
Check it out.

We were disappointed in this new place.
The decor is nice but the food is not good.
We had the yellow curry and it seemed like they left out the coconut milk.
Even the Pad Thai was not great.
They made our kids eat off of paper plates.
And the food is WAY over priced.
I give this place 3 months at best.
Disappointed.

I am from Reno and was in the mood for Thai.
I looked up restaurants through Yelp and Gaati Thai Kitchen came up.
There was good and bad reviews but it was the closest location so I figured what the heck and gave it a try.
I have to say this is the BEST Thai food that I have ever eaten!!!
Everything was excellent, the service, the ambiance and especially the FOOD.
I like my food with a little heat but not too much.
The food was served just the way I wanted and the flavors were amazing.
I had the Spicy Grilled Beef Salad and Szechuan Chicken.
On both items the meats were prepared perfectly!
Another nice surprise I had was meeting the head chief.
She came out and introduced herself to the people eating.
I can't wait for my next trip to Vegas next month to eat there again.
I don't know about other Thai restaurants in Vegas but from the experience I had, Gaati Thai will surely get my return business.

Had the lunch special.. the food was fresh and very tasteful.
I have been a fan and client of the owners of this restaurant.
So happy to have them near my office

I will be coming back here for sure!
First time here, after reading the reviews, I was a bit skeptical and was planning to head to my favorite Siri Thai.
However, I figured I needed to go outside my comfort zone and so we tried out Gaati and overall very happy.
Ambiance - Easy access, parking and location is great on the Northeast corner of Horizon Ridge and Eastern, near the K-Mart.
The interior decor is very well done, excellent contrast of light and dark which sets a very modern comfortable mood.
Casual or more upscale, that would be up to you.
I give the Ambiance a 5 star.
Service - Ok, I must admit we came in here at 4:00 pm on a Sunday before their busy hours, so this has to be put into perspective.
The service was great, very at attentive, checking on our choices and food all times, keeping my ice water and my hot Jasmine tea always filled.
Service is 5 star.
3,  Food - Being the first time, we ordered more dishes than we could eat, to get a good taste:  Spicy - We ordered everything medium and found it to be just the right amount with a bit of a kick.
I normally like ti a bit hotter, however, the wifey likes it less spicy.
I found the balance of spice to be nice.
a.  Tom Yam Soup - We ordered the hot pot version of this soup with Chicken as it was listed on the menu.
Now, we learned that the menu does not say so, yet you can order this with any meat you want.
It was a bit expensive, yet light and tasty at the same time.
To me, this soup is suppose to be very light and delicate and I am used to having more robust soup, so it was very nice to have it so delicate.
For those of you not use to this, it may be a different experience.
I give the soup a 4 star.
b.  Pad Kee Mau - Drunken Noodles, the stuff you eat if you are from Thailand and had a late night drink binge.
Very tasty, very nice texture of the wide / broad noodle.
I rather enjoyed the taste very much.
A favorite of mine.
I give it a 5 star.
c.  Eggplant with Ground Pork - I order this dish at every place I go to try and compare.
Here it was a nice mix of red bell pepper, onion eggplant and ground pork.
Now, I liked this here, however, it had more of a gravy that I attribute to chinese stir fry and usually not Thai, so I was not expecting this.
I overall liked it and will give it a 4 star.
d.  Massaman Curry - I had this with Beef.
I learned from the team there at Gaati that it is traditional to have it with Beef, however, they can do chicken, just takes longer to cook.
I really enjoyed it.
Nice spice to it and very nice tasty chunks of beef.
Not sliced, chunks!
I give this a 4 star.
e.  Fried Rice with BBQ - Ordered this to go home for the kiddies along with all the left overs we had.
Decent portion, I paid 5.00 for extra pork portion.
So, this made it 16.00 for a nice tasting, yet small portion of fried rice.
For sure it is a must try, yet 16.00 is a bit steep for fried rice in my book.
I give this a 3 star.
I will be coming back.
The people here make you feel welcome, at home and are part of the great experience.
Check this place out!!!

Really good place for take out Thai food.
Our go to place is Thai house but gaati Thai is a contender.
I tried their veggie medley with tofu and their fish cake salad  (forgot the actual name).
Both were really good.
These were two new dishes for me but you can't go wrong with stir fry veggies and tofu w/ brown rice.
The veggies were perfectly cooked (cabbage, mushrooms, carrots, tomatoes, and broccoli) and the tofu (firm) was nicely marinated and slightly fried.
I got the dish a medium spice level but it wasn't hot at all so I had to add garlic chili sauce to it when I got home.
The fish cake salad was new for me so I didn't know what to expect from a fish cake.
The texture is kinda different but it was ok for me.
The salad came in a crispy taco shell like bowl full of lettuce, bell peppers and cucumbers with a side of vinegarette dressing that was yummy but it was super thick like a chutney so it was more of a dipping sauce than dressing.
The staff is super nice and the decor is pleasant and good for a date night out.
I'll definitely try it again.

Average Thai food in comfortable dining room.
The room reminds me more of an art gallery than a restaurant, in a good way.
The food reminds me of many other mediocre Thai restaurants I've tried.
The prices here are a little high, but not ridiculous.
I would say come in for the lunch specials during the week to get the most out of Gaati Thai Kitchen.
I came in on President's day (a holiday so no lunch specials) and ordered fresh coconut juice, the curry puffs, and pad see ew, here's the rundown:  Young Coconut -  So refreshing and lovely.
Served with a straw and a spoon, if you've never tried this you really need to.
Be sure to scrape out all that yummy ivory coconut meat after you're done sipping.
The coconut juice pairs really well with spicy food, and it's good for you!
Curry Puffs - Nice fried appetizer.
The flavor of the puff itself wasn't too pronounced, but when eaten with some chili sauce and the cucumber salad/relish it's served with, a very nice way to start the meal out.
Pad See Ew (spicy level 6 out of 10)  - The chinese broccoli wasn't cooked enough, so it had too much crunch for the dish.
The noodles were a bit mushy and again, the flavor was muted.
I can't say it was bad, but it certainly wasn't anything special.
I like the people here and the layout of the restaurant, but that's about it.

My husband and I tried Gaati Thai Kitchen this evening and were extremely pleased.
He had wanted to go to our usual Thai place, which is Pin Kaow.
I wanted to try Gaati, as we live in the area and it's relatively new.
We were thrilled with this new addition to our neighborhood!
The atmosphere was modern and very pleasing to the eye.
The service was absolutely outstanding.
Our server spent time talking to us, and was extremely friendly.
The manager also came out to talk with us.
This is a family-owned restaurant, and the owners and staff made us feel very comfortable.
We ordered Treasure Bags for an appetizer, and not only was the presentation impressive, the food itself was delicious.
For a main course, we ordered Panang curry and Pad Thai.
I've been searching for this particular taste of Pad Thai for many years, and I finally found it again here at Gaati.
The food was absolutely delicious, a feast for the senses.
With a combination of delicious food and fantastic customer service, we'll certainly be visiting Gaati Thai Kitchen again very soon!

Recently opened, the owner and her sister (the chef) bring flare and freshness to the Anthem area!
The food is awesome!
I try to order something different every time I come.
So far I have been very impressed!
I recommend the pineapple fried rice (served in a pineapple, pad see ew, masamann curry, and Volcano Chicken (they flambe it table side!!).
Their papaya salad is served with grilled shrimp and the veggies are so fresh and crisp.
I also recommend trying their lunch menu which is an app with an entree for around $10.
Their heat scale is mild-medium-hot-Thai hot.
I usually get Thai hot which like an 8 on my 1-10 scale, but I'm sure for some it could be a bit hot.

We came here one evening and we were the only ones there.
It was dead but at least the servers gave us more attention.
lol,   Im giving this four stars because they won me over with their thai iced tea!
I have been picky with ordering thai tea and trying gaati's thai iced thai was incredible.
Instead of having the cream they have you a sugary syrup and you can put how much you want in you tea.
I loved it.
I dont really remembered what I ordered I think it was pineapple chicken.
And once they were putting it down on our table.
WHOA the aroma of it was crazy.
It woke me up and it was strong aroma of whatever sauce it had.
It was very yummy.
The prices were kinda high but I wouldnt mind coming back here since its just down the street.

Wow, out of nowhere in a strip mall is this amazing Thai restaurant.
The shrimp Tom yum soup was amazing.
seriously amazing.
The Tofu Pad thai was delicious too.
the place was nice but not authentic feeling at all.
I think they were trying to be different than every other Thai place by not making it a super Thai decorated restaurant.

What I had: Roasted Duck and water (to drink)  Price: $20 + tax  The Good: The decor is decent.
The Bad: WAY TOO EXPENSIVE for what it is and what it tastes like.
I ordered the duck as I was trying to test out the different places that actually served duck.
The worst part is that the waitress there had no clue what she was talking about and couldn't even answer my simple questions.
I asked her what size the duck was (a whole duck, half duck, or just a single duck breast) and she had to go to the kitchen to find out.
She actually lied to me because she told me it was a half (of a whole duck).
I got 1/2 a breast it seemed.
Also, the duck was horrible.
I tasted more like that cheap dark meat they use in some honey chicken chinese dishes and the vegetables tasted like that frozen crap you get out of the grocery store.
Like it was just thawed out.
for that price ($20) I expected much much more.
Even the little box of white rice they gave me tasted bland.
Also, they gave me no free appetizers or anything to even snack on like most Asian restaurants would.
I was just sitting there for 20 mins with a glass of water waiting for my duck.

My wife & I dropped in for lunch as we stumbled upon Gaati while shopping at Trader Joe's.
We both had Tom Kah Gai - coconut milk chicken soup with lemongrass for a starter.
My wife had the spicy mint chicken and I had red chicken curry.
Having spent months in Thailand, the flavors at Gaati are authentic and I share others opinions about prices.
All in all, I recommend Gaati for genuine Thai cuisine, even though it's 20% higher in price.
But other Thai restaurants don't match the flavors at Gaati.
We'll return for another round and let you know.

Very pleasantly surprised .The food was very tasty the service was great.

I am not sure how anyone gave this 1 or 2 stars.
I have been there 4 times and the food was fantastic every visit.
Probably my favorite Thai in Henderson.
It is a little pricier then most Thai Restaurants, but I will gladly pay the small premium for a good dish.
Also beware, they are not scared of spicing it up.
Hot really is hot.
If you are used to Pin Kaow's "Hot" then this might be too much.
I personally like it very much.
Pin Kaow underwhelms me.
I get the feeling they are scared of making to spicy for fear of it getting sent back.

This is the BEST Thai food in Las Vegas and perhaps ever!
I LOVE Thai food and this is a place my family and I go to all the time.
The food is amazing and the service is wonderful.
Such a sweet staff.
My favorite things are the chicken pad Thai noodles, panag curry chicken and beef, treasure bags, chicken curry puffs, and EVERYTHING I have ever ordered.
Amazing.
It is a MUST try!

Excellent food and service.
House made coconut ice cream is to die for.
Highly recommend spicy beef salad!

I think this place is totally great!!
The ambiance is really chill.
The food was probably some of the best Thai food I've ever had in the Vegas area.
This place is an absolute must!!!

They have a beautiful dining room.
They have the prices to prove it.
I just wish the food was better.
Ordered the chicken tom yum soup.
I ordered the small for 8 dollars.
I thought I would get more than just 1 3/4 cup of soup.
It was REALLY sour.
I ordered it medium spicy and it didn't taste spicy at all.
The broth was flavorless and the chicken was tough.
Overall, If this place wants to charge Lotus of Siam prices for Lotus of Siam portion sizes, they better have amazing food... unfortunetely its subpar.
You'll get better portion sizes for a cheaper price with better quality food at the Pin Kaow down the road on Eastern about 3 minutes away.

"My husband has a pretty high tolerance for spice but went with their "medium" spicy.
To test out our first order.
It was way hotter than it should have been.
He normally gets the "Thai Spicy" from Pinkaow, which is just above their 10 level but said Gaatis medium was just as hot if not hotter.
For a medium spice level, it was way too hot.
"  Pinkaow actually underspices in my opinion.
They are scared you will send it back because it will be too spicy.
In fact no matter how many times I have asked them for thai spicy they always give me medium.
And yes you are correct, Thai Spicy at Gaati is very spicy, but very good.

Gaati has a solid 4 star review on Yelp, it should be 4.5-5.
Seems many of the complaints come from reviews on dishes that are Americanized or Chinese in nature...
Here's my tip... Don't order those!!!
My mom and I came here on an early Friday night, I enjoyed the interior, it was not as "gallery-esque" as many of the other reviews stated.
In my opinion, it is simple, clean, & modern.
Nothing wrong with that!!
It was although smaller than I had expected, but this makes for quiet, quick, attendant service.
For the food:  - appetizer: Papaya salad.
Very yummy and perfect for summertime.
It's cool and crisp with chilled shrimp on top, and thin cabbage leaves to make a wrap if you desire.
Everywhere else that I've had this dish (including my grandma's) is way too spicy, even when ordered mild, this dish on the other hand could have actually used more spice...
So for next time I know!
If you've never had papaya salad, and are unfamiliar with fish sauce, this will be entirely new for you!
-entree: Green curry with chicken.
I was SO pleased with this dish.
I know how I want my green curry, and this was perfect!
It was creamy with the perfect amount of heat.
Perfect balance of bamboo shoots and Thai basil, yum!
Plus, what I find lacking in many curry dishes is the quality of the chicken...
This chicken was memorable, tender and cut into strips, whereas other restaurants seem to make the chicken a weak accessory to the dish.
They have green peas in this, which is new to me... but they were rare, so I didn't mind, haha.
Also, they don't skip out on the rice here, hallelujah!!!!
My mom got yellow curry and enjoyed it very much and kept saying, "mmm, just like mom's!
" Neither of us finished and were able to take home a generous amount of leftovers while also leaving quite satisfied!
Another thing I should remark on is the price, I don't feel it is over priced, it is pretty standard especially for the quality and location.
The two of us dined for $44 with two specialty drinks, an appetizer, & two entrees... Not bad, not bad at all!
So try out a little, hidden, Henderson gem for some satisfying Thai food.
I may be their new regular!

It's no secret I eat Thai food every chance I get.
That's what happens when you are raised on bland casseroles and french bread pizzas.
Gaati proved to me that even Thai food can be quite bland.
Let's start with the good.
The three stars are for the Pad Kee Mao and the BBQ Chicken.
I salute you for these dishes.
The noodles were not oily at all and the spice was spot on.
The BBQ Chicken rocked my world even after I removed the skin it still had such intense flavor.
The chicken even looks bangin'.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fknU3sWplCBn26b6HwJ1kQ?select=97JwL9i1u5RdcY0oB6DUog#TtsrNGujlDzYETlZ6SyByg   Now for the bad and the ugly.
UNINVITED GUEST: We saw two spiders crawling on the table.
One on a plate and the other just pimp walking across the table.
I hate to put a beautiful restaurant such as Gaati on blast, but HELL NO I don't want spiders skinny dipping in my food.
Even if it is extra protein.
How do you say no bueno in Thai?
Now add the eff word and that's what I'm sayin'.
BELOW TO AVERAGE DISHES:  Back to the food.
I also sampled the Green Curry which had zero flavor and runny sauce.
The Pad Thai and Tom Kha were mediocre and the Red Curry had too much going on at once.
The spices seemed to be playing Fight Club in my mouth.
Yeah, yeah.
I know, I'm not suppose to talk about Fight Club.
Bite me.
PRICES: Gaati is overpriced.
If the food made me fall in love I wouldn't be complaining.
But, it didn't.
Add the spiders to the mix and I think the shit should be free.
Plain and simple I will not be returning.
Just because the restaurant is visually attractive and the service was average doesn't mean the food is going to completely stimulate my taste buds.
Especially when there are bugs involved.
In a dance off Gaati Thai doesn't stand a chance against other Thai restaurants in town.
It can't even hear the beat and it might only have one leg with a webbed foot and a throbbing bunion.
It can't stand on that leg, period.
APPROVAL DENIED.

Yummy food and fantastic service.
I am excited there is a Thai place near my house that doesn't just serve all the boring usuals.
I went with a large group so I got to try multiple dishes.
The Shrimp Tom Yum we ordered spicy and it was spot-on.
I ordered the Green Curry with chicken and asked for it medium and it wasn't really hot at all.
A friend ordered Pad Thai and it was better than most places.
My favorite was the BBQ Chicken!
I would definitely get that again.
Two of my friends ordered it.
I tried the Spicy Eggplant and it was okay but not really my style.
I also got to try the Red Curry which my friend ordered hot and it was definitely hot.
Lastly, the Pad Kee Mao was super delish!
I would love to go back as there are several other items on the menu I'd like to try.

I just ate a delicious, homey, perfectly-balanced bowl of (hot) pork green curry...hot to burn the lips but not the stomach...the lime leaf overwhelms your taste and smell...and the warm, light and creamy spoonful of mouthwatering heat only gets better as you bite down on crisp and delicious strips of bamboo shoot and sweet red pepper...and I got that (to go) at GAATI.
Given that last review (errata: plug), however, I can't wait to try Penn's on Sunset!
I will complain that I got NO spiders (not even a single cricket!
) with my meal as I always do.
I mean, is this place ridiculous for not being what I expect a Thai place to be!!??
If not perfect, Gaati is pleasant and spotless.
I love their (AUTHENTIC) food, come here often and appreciate having it around.
So it's OK that one may like Penn's (and give it not one, but two, lengthy and STELLAR reviews...and wished there were more stars?
), but I contest (apparently malicious) bug statements (unless some Spring fluke?).
Everyone is entitled to an opinion but some just aim to hurt...and if I agreed, we'd both be wrong.
I can't have enough good Thai food to eat (and I'm an awesome, AWESOME critic of Thai food)....so at least I would follow someone's advice for Penn's... "Tip: If you have been here ONCE and maybe not had a five star experience, please give them another shot.
"  I bet those designs they make from straws really make one feel like "family".
If we can't be fair, maybe we SHOULD take our asses back to Applebee's.

The food was typical American style that food.
There were no lunch specials.
There was basically nothing special to distinguish this restaurant from any other Thai restaurant.

I've gone two times and have had two awesome experiences.
The interior is modern and simple, just an overall calm ambience.
Food was awesome, the first time around we ordered dinner with the family, Basil Fried Rice was rocking and the Massaman Curry was delicious as well.
We started off with some simple Wonton Soup, which was also really pleasant and great for sharing between the four of us.
Second time I went was for the lunch special with my wife.
Started with the soup which was incredible (don't remember the name, but it was a coconut base) and followed up with a curry that was also delicious.
Five stars all around.
Follow it up with the coconut ice cream, it's got bits of jack fruit.
Bomb.

Great customer service.
It is a bit relaxed in atmosphere so it's not a get in, get food, get out type place.
Gives perfect timing for sitting and talking with your friends, family, or business partners.
I loved the food and they had great timing with it.
The wait staff was friendly and professional.
:-)

I was unprepared to love Gaati as much as I did.
It's a tiny little restaurant that is hard to find if you don't know you're looking for it, but it's easily the best thai food in Henderson.
The service is quick and helpful, the food is creative and flavorful, and the atmosphere is quiet and warm.
My family orders family style, so I've had most things on the menu by now.
Try the jungle curry and pad see ew but be careful...when they say the spicy level is 8, they mean it.

It was another Sunday where I barely felt like moving off of my bed let alone going somewhere to pick up some food (making it about the 30th Sunday so far this year).
Didn't really feel like pizza and around these parts if you don't want pizza the options are limited.
Decided to try Gaati for the first time even though it required me to pick up the phone and dial a number which was a struggle in itself.
Took me about 10 minutes it felt like to explain my street address because it contains roughly 12 words in it which is another issue altogether, but the food was on it's way and showed up 45 minutes later as promised.
I really wished I liked it more, but ultimately I found it fairly run of the mill thai food.
I tried the Basil Fried Rice with Tofu because fried rice always sounds delicious, the pictures on this site looked good, and I chose Tofu because I wanted to limit my weight gain over the weekend to a respectable 9.75 lbs instead of 10.
I ordered it a spice level 3 out of 4, which is a pet peeve of mine to not offer more variety of spice levels.
I found this dish to be pretty bland and underseasoned, and it didn't seem spicy to me in the least.
Another minus for me which would probably be a plus to any reasonable human being was that it wasn't greasy at all.
It almost seemed healthy in a sense but on this night I would have preferred a little bit more oil to it for some more flavor.
I ordered the tofu to make me feel less guilty about the grease that would be dribbling down my chin while eating it and didn't get that.
2/5 because it wasn't inedible  I also tried the Pork Mee Kao which I saw someone mention was drunken noodles in one of the reviews here.
I've had drunken noodles at Lotus which I consider to be one of the top 78 things I've ever eaten so I figured I'd give them a go here, also a 3/4 spice level.
As not spicy as the Fried Rice was, this was the complete opposite and was burning my entire mouth with every bite and I literally still felt the pure heat in my mouth hours later as I reveled in the new Breaking Bad episode.
Even though it was spicier than I would have wanted when ordering a 3/4, it was still a very tasty dish and the pork and veggies seemed fresh and of good quality.
It was nowhere near as good as the Lotus of Siam version (if they are indeed the same thing), but I would eat it again for sure (next time a 2/4, which will probably not have any spice whatsoever.
see why I hate this scale?
)  4/5 on this one  Both of these dishes were $11 and I ordered an iced tea which was probably $3 or so, and my total when delivered was $30.50 which was a little more than I expected.
To be fair their menu says it's a delivery surcharge based on distance up to $7 and it looks like I probably paid $4-$5 which isn't too bad, but you might want to check with them when you call in to double check as I was left with only $3.50 to tip the delivery driver in cash instead of my standard $5.
Not surprisingly I thought the noodles was worth the price and the fried rice not.
So yeah, after all that, 3/5 and you're probably no better off than when you clicked this.
You're welcome.

The restaurant has great ambiance and comfortable chairs.
The food and service are great.
My favorite items were the crab rangoon and the chicken satay.
The satay peanut sauce was so good I wanted to drink it.
Save room for the homemade coconut ice cream.

Came here for the first time and LOVED it!
My husband has never liked Thai before.
Gaati changed all that!
FINALLY I can enjoy Thai on a regular basis with my family!
We had Pad Thai Noodles, Cashew Chicken, Mongolian Beef, and Pineapple Chicken.
Everything was great!
Thank you Gaati!
We will be back soon!

We had the Tom yum, papaya salad, pad Thai and ice creams, it was delicious, the staff is very friendly.
Very nice atmosphere!
It's good to have a Thai place near me.

What I love about this place is that the service is constantly fabulous the food is wonderful and the company divine.
Love everything about it is specially the too young lady sitting next to us.

Amazing food, great service.
Enjoy from appetizers to dessert :)   The interior is amazing, Great for a quite date, Small but cozy,   I get out here at least once a month or everyother month to try a new dish.

Amazing food!
Truly authentic, fresh and extremely tasty!
Love the atmosphere and the friendly service.

How can you beat grt.
food, fabulous service, reasonable prices, AND honest staff?
Lost my wedding ring at Gaati's Thai Kitchen.
Called the nxt.
day and bus boy, Francisco, had found it.
Yowza!
What's the chance of that?
The mango salad and green curry were delicious!
THNX!

Best Thai Food I've had in years  What I was the most impressed about Gaati is that their sauces and ingredients are fresh, and the balance in flavor is unadulterated, authentic.
Many Thai restaurants I've been to try to put too much sugar in the food and it doesn't taste right, but Gaati has the right amount of heat, great flavors and just a really pleasant presentation of food!
I absolutely love this place!
What we ordered:  1.
Treasure bags--very crispy, very flavorful chicken and corn filling, amazing appetizer  2.
Satay pork--perfectly cooked.
delicious marinade  3.  chicken curry puffs--really good  4.
Pad Thai--best Pad Thai in America!
Very spicy, very fresh, it's just so different from the other pad thai's I've had!
Pad kra pow chicken--chicken with chili and basil, it's so delicious with rice.
Chicken Tom Kah--really dense broth with very good flavors.
Great openner to any dish.
Fresh green curry--OMG so fresh it's amazing!
Crispy pork belly with Chinese broccoli--excellent flavors, crispy, and the gai lan is still a bit crunchy which is nice  9. the minced chicken dish served in lettuce cups--very refreshing!
All in all, I love this place.
I would drive from LA to Henderson just for this restaurant!

My boyfriend wanted to take me out on a date and we chose this Thai restaurant.
Upon entering this establishment, I was struck by the ambiance - classy and casual.
Dim lights, lovely table settings, and very hospitable staff.
Moving onto the food - it was amazing.
We ordered the Shrimp Tom Yum hot pot, but vegetarian style, and Pad Thai, both medium spiciness.
I, myself, am a bit wary of any level of spiciness as I've had many bad experiences with that with the chefs being a bit heavy-handed with the spice with anything "mild" and on.
However, these two dishes might make me re-think that and become more adventurous.
Both were perfect with their spicy flavor.
The hot pot was light and hearty and the serving size for 2 people was more than enough.
(Yay for leftovers!).
The Pad Thai was the perfect blend of sweet and spicy with the noodles being al dente.
Upon hearing me telling that my mom has been trying to make Pad Thai and has come close to having an amazing dish but it still feels like it's missing something, the waitress informed me that that was probably because the noodles that were used were the stuff that needed to be soaked in water.
This restaurants Pad Thai was homemade.
My boyfriend, being the world traveler that he is, told the waitress that this was the best Pad Thai since he's travels outside of Bangkok.
For dessert, they gave us complimentary Thai ice cream - also homemade!
The price of the dishes were decent for the serving sizes.
Before this thai food experience, I enjoyed Thai food but wasn't a fan.
I can now say that I am a fan of Thai food.

Great service, atmosphere and food.
The flavors are wonderful without all the grease.
My son loved the the sticky rice w/ mangos and I'm partial to the Pad See Ew.
A little spendy compared to other places in the valley but I think it's worth it.

Best Thai in the Las Vegas valley!!
I've tried many Thai restaurants but this one is but far the best.
Amazingly delicious food, fabulous atmosphere, superior quality,  and excellent service.
Totally worth the price.
Try it.
You won't regret it.

Everything was excellent!

Best Thai food in Vegas.
Price outside of lunch specials is a little on the higher end but if you are spending money going out, it is well worth the few extra bucks.
Service is excellent and they are accommodating to vegetarians.
No surprise fish sauce here!
If you have not tried this place you are missing out.

I am addicted to good Thai food, so while having a conversation about the subject a friend of mine suggested Gaati and their delicious menu.
After lounging around all day yesterday, my girl and I decided to go for a nice/casual dinner so we arrived at Gatti at about 5pm.
Tucked away next to Kmart, this place was nicely decorated, played relaxing music and the service was immediate and courteous.
We were offered wine and presented with the menu for the evening which contained typical dishes along with some house specialties...and they all sounded amazing.
We started out with the Gaati rolls, which came with a delicate and flavorful pork stuffing and a homemade pineapple/citrus dipping sauce.
We have never had such meaty rolls and complementary dip... they were the perfect start to our meal.
For our meal we ordered the pineapple chicken and the masaman curry, both accompanied with basmati rice.
Both dishes were incredibly fresh and had delicate flavors that were expertly combined for our enjoyment.
The portions were about right, maybe a bit small, but the flavor and service made the experience an enjoyable one.
The owner (or the person in charge) checked in with us often and was happy to suggest different dishes.
When we let her know it was our first time at the restaurant, she brought out a coconut ice cream for us to try... What a nice treat!
Thank you guys very much for a great evening.

How are you people saying anything good about this place?
I'm in shock!
This happens to be THE WORST Thai food I've ever eaten!!
Omg the green curry was flavorless and the consistency of water.
The tom yum soup was bland and too sour.
I also ordered chicken satay, bad idea, how can you mess up chicken satay?
The peanut sauce was terrible.
I also ordered the pumpkin custard, nasty....
It doesnt take like pumpkin at all and over cooked.
The only thing that was good was the young coconut because they didn't touch it.
Everything I ordered was really small, it only took a few minutes to eat.
$52!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What the F!!!
So expensive!
I could of heated a bowl of water in the microwave and ate that for dinner, it be a lot cheaper and would somehow tasted better.
Don't waste your money.
Go to sakun or Thai house were they know how to cook Thai food!

Excellent lunch specials and menu, definitely worth going to for a Thai fix.
The decor inside makes you completely forget you're in a strip mall, which is a nice touch.
It's very convenient to get to and has ample parking.
The dinner menu doesn't offer anything substantially different than lunch, other than prices, but the food and service is good enough to warrant a solid 4 stars.
Their noodle dishes are fantastic, the curry is pretty good but not anything to rave about.
I'm a huge curry fan so I'll take a good curry over a great noodle dish.

Food was really good.. And they don't kid on how spicy every spicy is!!!
Be careful!

Excellent service, excellent food, and a cozy intimate atmosphere.

The Beginning:  A friend and I have ate at this location before and it wasn't memorable - besides the fact that the catfish was too overcooked the first time around.
Today, I decided to give it another shot for dinner.
When my friend and I got there initially, there were four tables - three already eating and one couple waiting for their order.
We sat down next to two other couples and ordered the larb gai lettuce cups.
After ordering, the other table was waiting for their food and becoming impatient as he kept sighing and exhaling deeply.
The Middle:  I understood his frustration shortly after - it took 30-35 minutes just to get our appetizer - the larb gai.
The larb gai itself was underwhelming - the chicken was overcooked and all the seasoning in the center of the dish where the broth was.
My friend tasted a small spoonful and didn't bother eating it though she was hungry.
By this time, the restaurant starting to get their dinner crowd and there was a total of  eight tables, along with to-go orders.
We were trying to get a busser or another server's attention since our server was nonexistent for most of the meal.
I had to raise my voice to get the busser to finally come over.
When I did get his attention, I had inquired what was taking so long, he walked to the back to check.
I watched him walk back to where the kitchen drape was, but he didn't bother going through.
By this time, 50 minutes have passed and I had to again, raise my voice to get attention of the busser as he was going by the other tables but ours.
I asked him if he checked on our meal, he said it's coming (he still didn't physically walk in the kitchen area to check since the last time I spoke to him).
Finally, an hour into walking in the restaurant, I had to wave my arm to our waitress and ask what was taking  so long.
By this time, my friend and I were becoming uneasy and irritated.
She said that it'd take another 10 minutes for the food to come and we were trying to explain that we were already waiting for an hour.
We had a schedule to keep and had to tell her that if we didn't get our food before the 10 minutes, we have to leave to keep our appointment.
The first dish came out five minutes later, followed by the two other soon after.
The dinner was composed of:  Basil Chicken Fried Rice: It was lacking taste - there wasn't enough salt or pepper and it was bland.
We asked for it to be medium spice and it just wasn't there.
The only Basil taste I got was when you bit into the basil leaf itself - the flavors were not throughout the dish.
Garlic Eggplant - We get this dish at every Thai restaurant we go and it was not physically appealing to look it.
The sauce looked like it was watered down and the eggplant itself had a unflattering color to it.
We don't ever judge a dish by its presentation so we decided to taste.
There was no taste to the dish - the sauce was bland and the eggplant was overcooked.
We also asked for the dish to be medium spice and there was NONE.
Two dishes in a Thai restaurant that lack spice is certainly a new one for me.
Pad Thai Chicken - The sauce itself was there - it had just the right amount of sweet, along with the medium spice.
However, the noodles were undercooked - the noodles raw or too chewy.
The noodles themselves were actually the incorrect noodles - the noodles were glass noodles (transparent rice noodles I believe).
I don't recall having anything else other than flat rice noodles for this dish and it wasn't a pleasant experience.
The End:  We finished our "meal" within several minutes of receiving it and we just wanted to leave.
By this time, it seems like the entire staff was avoiding us.
Finally, a different, more cheerful busser came by our table to check up on us.
We were in the middle of telling him why we didn't enjoy our meal and the waitress came over to check on us.
When we told her about the entrees, she took them away and presented our check - removing only the two entrees we didn't touch.
Really?!
After making us wait for over a hour, not having the decency to apologize for the wait, or for the meal for that matter, and dropping off the check not saying anything?
We were beyond annoyed at this point and just paid and left.
If you are going to try this restaurant, I would suggest going during their lunch time.
The dinner crowd seems it is overwhelming for the kitchen and the staff.
We were grateful for the attentive young busser at the end, but we cannot overlook the rest of the experience.
I don't think I have been in a situation like this before.
I have been in the restaurant business for almost ten years and there was no way it would've gotten this far for any of my guests.

Dined here again for dinner on a weeknight, and it was great.
Greeted promptly and seated.
Requested drink orders as we sat down, and they were delivered right away.
We then ordered (dumplings, Volcano chicken, and Pork pad thai).
All were great, with the requested amount of spice.
(medium spicy has a great kick to it).
Service was outstanding.
Love the atmosphere and decor.

We had the lemongrass chicken and the spicy eggplant with tofu.
We also had the dumplings for an appetizer.
It was all very good.

its tucked away in a shopping center- but so convenient when staying at the home wood suites across the street.
i ordered take out and the staff chatted with me while i waited- i had the chicken curry puffs, and some other items,  i ordered them medium and they were closer to hot for me.
thai ice tea was great- not to sweet.

Gentlemen button up your shirts and leave the skanks at home, this place is for romance.
I like the upscale look but its missing the Thai look.
Order was wrong all ready for the first course but instantly taken care care before I could finish typing this sentence.
The vegetable egg roll was delicious.
The sesame toast is really good!
The chicken wonton soup had to much of a beefy taste for me.

We ordered delivery and when the food came it tasted all like plastic or dirty dishwater.
I honestly don't know if we just caught them on a bad day or if this is the quality of food they put out all the time.
$50 bucks in the trash.
What a shame.

This place is pretty good,  I was not too font of the crab puffs though.
The Pad Thai was good, the hot was actually hot.
They were fast, friendly and not too expensive.
I would go again but will not get the crab puffs.

The best pad Thai I've ever had... And I eat a lot of this stuff---

My friends and I were recently celebrating a bachelorette party in Vegas, and instead of splurging at one of the uber expensive strip hotel restaurants, we decided to get Thai food delivered to Mandalay Bay - The Hotel.
It worked out perfectly--the food arrived as crispy and fresh as ever (chicken curry puffs and veggie egg rolls--oh my GAH *drool*), and we were able to play pre-party bachelorette games while chowing down!
The food was a hit with everyone.
If you want "Americanized" Thai, this place may be a bit different.
The food here is authentic, with dishes and flavors you might not find at mainstream Thai restaurants.
I'm from LA, where there's no shortage of Thai establishments, but having experienced the food here, I'm really sad we don't have a place like this in my hometown.
If you had a family member or friend in Thailand who happened to be an awesome chef, these are the types of dishes you could expect to find when invited over for dinner.
Just thinking about that meal now is making me hungry.
Gaati Thai Kitchen--come to Los Angeles!

Service was a little slow to start given we were the people dining in, but they did seem to have a few take out orders going at the same time.
Service did pick up however and kept a good pace.
Our drinks never went empty and all staff were polite at friendly.
Lunch specials are $9 and you choose a small appetizer and a main course.
Very filling...
I recommend the curry puffs or the veggie egg rolls as your starter.
The pad thai was tasty and I had the pineapple chicken which was a small portion, but appropriate for lunch.
We also go the siamese toast, something I hadn't heard of before.
It's toast (duh) with a layer of shrimp and then a chicken-sausage layer baked on top.
It was different but absolutely delicious.
Big portion.. One order could easily cover 3-4 people!
I recommend this Thai restaurant and will probably be back again soon.

The dining room is lovely.
The service at first was way too slow.
Once they picked up, it was much better.
The drinks were always warm or hot.
Hot beer and hot San Pellegrino is yuck.
Food was OK.
I asked for the hottest and the spice was good.

Last night was my first time here and this is my new favorite Thai restaurant.
The owner was there and was very friendly and helped us select dishes for our dinner.
The service was excellent!
I liked how they timed our food nicely instead of some restaurants that just bring out the food as its ready.
We started with the chicken curry puffs and those were excellent.
I never thought I would enjoy curry in a puff pastry but it was very crispy, flavorful and not oily.
The cucumber relish went very well with the puffs.
Then, we had the papaya salad which was good.
For our entrees, we had Panang curry with beef, Pad See Ew and Crispy Pork Belly with Chinese broccoli.
The curry was amazing and the beef was very tender.
Definitely something I will order again and again.
The crispy pork belly was also very tasty and will order this again too.
I wasn't a fan of the Pad See Ew, but I'm not much of a fan or Thai noodle dishes.
You must try their coconut ice cream with bits of jackfruit!
It was amazing!
I'm drooling just thinking about it as I write this review.

Delivery man was very nice.
Easy ordering over the phone the woman repeated everything back for us.
The food tasted homemade and not greasy like typical Thai restaurants around here.
I'm not much on fried rice but my husbands BBQ fried rice was amazingly addictive.
They would've gotten five stars if we got fortune cookies ;) I don't think this is that sorta place!
Def our new spot

One of my favorite Thai Restaurants in Henderson.
Rivals some of the more known restaurants in the Las Vegas area.
The owner is super friendly and the food is always fresh and delicious.

I LOVE the Chicken Pad Thai at Gaati Thai Kitchen.
Hands down the best I've had since I left Asia in December.
The Curry Puffs were also quite great.
I thought the delivery price was a tad high, at $3 (we're less than .5 miles away).
Lesson learned though- just go pick it up!
And I definitely will in the future, quite often.

I took my Mom to lunch yesterday and I am glad we ate here.
The food was delicate, flavorful, and prepared and served beautifully.
We started out with a green papaya salad called Som Tum and curry chicken puffs.
The salad was delicious!
Tangy, savory, clean, refreshing, crisp, nutty, with a hint of heat.
The puffs...they are so good that we both could have eaten more.
We then had chicken panang and pad thai.
Both were scrumptious.
Service was very good.
Refills before we had to ask, clean plates after our first courses, and they carried our leftovers to the back to package up for take away.
I would rate this place 4 1/2 out of 5.
Definitely a great Thai restaurant.

How I have wanted to love Gaati Thai Kitchen.
Being so closed to my house, there really aren't that many good Thai restaurants nearby.
Here's my breakdown:  1 star belongs to ambiance of the restaurant.
It's quiet and somewhat romantic.
2 stars belong to the quality of the food.
We tried the shrimp tom yum soup, papaya salad, red curry with chicken, spicy eggplant with tofu and pad thai.
The food was either bland or too salty.
The only thing I would rave about is their shrimps.
Their shrimps were really fresh.
Unfortunately, I won't be returning to Gaati Thai Kitchen for its food.

Excellent Thai food and an amazing atmosphere unlike most places in the Valley.
We had the curry and the pork belly and broccoli they were great.
The happy hour is worth the trip too.

Great Tom Khah soup!!
Relatively cheap lunch special.
Staff is great, however the decor is missing.
It needs some personality!

This is a gem of a place.
The Pad Thai is fabulous.
I had mine medium which balanced the sweet and spicy perfectly.
The staff is friendly and on point with taking care of their customers.

Excellent food and warm hospitality in an elegant setting is what you can expect here.
The owner and her family are very sweet and deliver consistently delicious thia food.
The food is delicately prepared with a pretty presentation and nice spices.
My favorites are the spring rolls, mango salad, thia tea, and chicken coconut soup.

Food was very flavorful and immense, service outstanding !
Overall great date or family restraunt !

I came to this spot with a friend for the 1st time about 2 months ago.
We were the only 2 people in the restaurant.
Made me a little nervous.
Started out with a small chicken tom yum soup and an Asahi beer.
Happy hour special so the beer was only $2.50!
Then my entree.
Yellow chicken curry (med).
I was pleasantly surprised!
The service was really good!
Attentive and accommodating!
The food was exceptionally awesome!
Since that 1st visit I am now a loyal customer!
The best part is that it's right down the street from my house!
I'm all about this spot!

I am a super picky eater and this is one of best Thai places I've been.. Hidden treasure for sure!
We had the Thai spare ribs, BBQ fries rice, chicken pad Thai and the volcano chicken.
The combination of flavors in the food made me not want to stop eating.
I didn't think anything was too salty..
Barely tasted salt.
We asked for our food medium spicy and it came out just how we ordered it..
Which is always nice.
This is the second time I've been here in a week and I pretty sure I'll be back soon so I can share this gem with others.
Oh and the staff is super friendly and helpful!

It's our second time coming here and we will keep coming.
We started with the chicken Tum yum and chicken egg roll.
Both were perfect in flavor, level of spice.
The main course we ordered was the pad thai and panang curry.
Both again were perfect!
Not only is the food good but the service is amazing.
Oh yeah try the homemade ice cream.

The Happy hour specials we ate made a wonderful combination for my husband and I - the Mango salad and the Curry puffs complimented each other with the dressing and sauce they came with!
BBQ chicken is marinated just right and their coconut ice cream has these wonderful tidbits of tropical flavor from the jackfruit (Lanka) they add to their homemade recipe.
We will be back for more Happy Hours!

Perfect!
My husband and I were in search of a Thai restaurant near our home.
After using yelp to find Gaati we were anxious to try it!
We had such a good experience.
The decor is beautiful and calming.
The staff was so polite and helpful!
Our server Francisco was great!
I do not eat meat so he offered great options and they doubled my veggies!
We started with a shrimp soup that was so delicious!
It was very light  and fresh with huge shrimp!
I ordered the jungle curry which is a perfection option for those who do not want coconut milk.
My husband ordered the pork belly and broccoli and he loved it!
The broccoli was so green and fresh also.
We went during happy hour and got $2.00 beers!
They also offer $4 and $5 food options and lunch specials.
I never find places that make food spicy enough for me but I could tell by they authenticity our started I ordered my curry hot, not Thai hot like I usually do.
Hot at Gaati IS hot!
It was sooo good!
The wonder came over twice to make sure everything was perfect and asked if it was our first time.
We answered yes and she was so thoughtful by bringing us a free dessert of homemade ice cream.
We will definitely be returning customers!

The last time I dined at Gaati was around June in 2013, though I'm eager to return when I get the chance.
At the time I ordered a chicken pad siew and a Thai tea.
It was my first time trying Thai tea and I found it to be very creamy and sweet.
Not necessarily something I'd order with dinner but it certainly didn't detract from the meal.
I had ordered the pad siew mild, but the waitress seemed to have misheard me and said she would get me a medium.
I figured the difference would be minor enough that I didn't mind the mishearing but the food at Gaati definitely runs hot.
My tongue was already a bit sensitive from some sour candies I'd eaten earlier that day and I ended up in tears as I ate my meal.
It was so exceptionally delicious that I didn't care that it was far spicier than expected- I did choose to eat at a Thai restaurant, after all.
I ended up overwhelmed and took home plenty of tasty left-overs (eaten cold in hope it would be easier to get through).
Despite the difficulty, I'd happily order the pad siew medium again.
The decor was tasteful with dim lighting.
I ate there with family but it looks like it'd be perfect for a date night.
I definitely recommend this place for Thai food lovers.

My family have been to Caati several times, both dine in and take out.
The lady owner was very pleasant when they first opened and shared with us she's helping out her daughter and she owned other Thai restaurant in the the past.
The curry puffs are very westernized and the satay, no taste.The curries are all loaded with the same old shredded bamboo shoots.
The prawns are fresh but only 5 pieces in one order.
The spice level is very inconsistent.
We loved spicy but during our visit it was too spicy and we can see the chillies floating in the dish.
We told the lady boss and instead of having her chef/ cook at least attempt to taste the curry, she out right told us that we can always order less spicy next time!
We've not been back since.
Just have to drive across town to Lotus of Siam for some Thai food fix

I like this place.
It's close to my work so I walk there for lunch sometimes.
The service is friendly, very attentive, and fast!
Perfect for my lunch break.
I always get the green curry and it's fabulous!

We just walked out of this establishment, after having been seated and left alone with menus for 10 minutes.
Tables around us were already seated and they had no drinks.
We watched as the guy that seated us walked around filling water glasses.
We decided to walk down to Pei Wei for carryout instead.
Two stars for the comfortable chairs though.

I don't like HOT Thai food but I like it with a touch of heat, so maybe I ordered too plain..
I ordered a 1 if I go again I will order a 2.
Pad Thai good, Tom Ka Gai good but kinda on the "chunky" side, BBQ pork rice good and the Beef and Broccoli, the gravy is too thick.

I would recommend the pad thai to anyone!
I never likes thai food until I tries Gaati!
I would eat here every week if I lived closer.
The service is friendly and the food is great!
I am glad I found this place!

This place is not your average Thai restaurant.
It's traditional but gourmet with pricing comparable to others in town.
Love, love their Tom Kha Ghai and Tom Yum soups!
My absolute favorite is their Panang curry!
They make the best in town!
What I love about this place is the freshness of the ingredients in their food.
You can definitely tell.
Also, it's hard to find blazing hot Thai food.
I often order "Thai" hot, meaning "beads of sweat on my forehead, nose-running and I'm-on-my-third-glass-of-water-but-I'm-only-halfway-through-my-meal" HOT, but rarely any restaurant ever deliver the heat.
These guys will warn you and give it to you!
Yeah!
It's unfortunate that they are tucked in the back of the K-Mart shopping center.
It definitely hurts their business.
They are a bit under staff but if you are not in any rush and have the time to smell the roses, you will not regret it.

The best thai restaurant I've been to!
On my first visit I had red chicken curry and bbq fried rice and they were the bomb!
I had to come back to try other dishes as well.
The spare ribs were also very tasty.
The pad thai was a bit different than what im used to but it was still great nonetheless.

Ate here a couple of months ago, but the restaurant looked nice and well kept.
Service was ok and the food was pretty good, but I wasn't wowed at all.
I'd go back if I needed a quick fix for some Thai but that's all

Don't get me wrong, the food was good, but there are better Thai places in the area.
I think the portion sizes were a bit small for the price, and there was nothing particularly exciting about the restaurant.
The restaurant was small, so probably not a good place for a large group.

Environment was nice and clean.
Service was great and quick.
I had the salad with house dressing, it was delicious!!!
Mongolian beef was a little watery, I like the sauce a little thicker.
It was good though.
I also had the homemadeThai tea ice cream.
It was yummy!!
Looking forward to return to try the pad thai noodles, my favorite ;)

I was thinking to go this restaurant from long time at last I did dine in last night & we didn't like their food pls don't waste your money..

The short version: Go here!
It's really good.
Don't go here when it's busy, you'll experience long waits and cold food.
Make sure and order one star spicier than you normally would.
Let me preface this review by saying I've been here 4 or 5 times prior and it's always been a solid 4-star experience.
So when I came in with family from out of town I had high expectations.
It was Saturday night and the team there seemed overwhelmed by the number of tables.
We were seated next to a few people who were waiting for take-out, and nobody approached our table for quite a while because our server got pulled into smoothing things over with a take-out customer who'd experienced an inordinately long wait.
When she finally arrived our server was sweet as pie and made a point of apologizing for the wait and joking with the table.
We ordered an appetizer (Crispy Shrimp) and 4 entrees (Volcano Chicken, Red Curry, Pad Thai, and Laab Gai...my favorite and something I use as a benchmark for thai restaurants).
Then another long wait, 25 minutes while we enjoyed 2 large Singha...and our appetizer came out.
The Crispy Shrimp were delicious, well-seasoned and piping hot but were served ala tempura plate with a bunch of fried veggies that were not mentioned on the menu description.
They were all room temperature, gummy and unappetizing--clearly everything hadn't been fried at one time and as everybody knows cold is the death of fried food.
Our first entree the Volcano Chicken arrived and it was likewise at room temperature.
Not even slightly warm, had clearly been sitting on a counter not even under a heat lamp for at least 10 minutes.
It was a basic sweet and sour and not really to my liking overall, but being cold definitely didn't help.
Luckily our other entrees didn't show up for a while so after some conversation--my partner and I are loath to make waves when eating out unless necessary--we explained our discontent to the server and asked her to make sure the remaining 3 entrees came out hot.
She was extremely apologetic and our Pad thai and Red curry came out quickly.
They were hot and delicious, only complaint was that they definitely didn't measure up to the spice levels we'd requested.
The Laab Gai arrived really late to the point where we thought they'd forgotten we'd ordered it.
Temperature was good, spice level was low and it was lacking in acid...maybe on account of the current lime shortage?
Not the best I've had but I'd give it another shot on a return visit.
Sensing our overall discontent our server and another woman I have to think is the manager or owner came by and let us know they were taking the Volcano Chicken off the bill.
This went a long way in improving our experience and will ensure we continue to dine here...were I rating service alone this would've been a 5 star visit.

Thai Kitchen illuminated sign on wall?
Tinted windows?
Strip mall?
It can only meet low expectations, right?
It is fantastic.
Excellent prices and portions for lunch & dinner.
Nice, intimate  atmosphere (10 tables) that turns and burns.
Full service, professional attitude, with a smile.
The chicken Pad See Ew was excellently presented with sweet soy sauce on top rich, flavorful rice noodles.
The house soup is good by itself.
The vegetables were perfectly cooked and the chicken was succulent.
Laad Na, and Pad Kee Mao is as good or better than what I used to get at Natalie Thai in L.A., or NAGA here in Henderson...without the looooong waits.
Plates were unchipped, silverware polished, and clean.
Very impressed with the whole business.

I have been wanting to try this place...glad we tried it tonight.
Ambiance was great and place looks clean.
We ordered the following items:  1) Dumplings (5 pcs) = It was pretty good.
There are enough meat on each dumpling that made this good appetizer considering it's a little pricey for me.
The sauce for the dumpling is quite good as well with a hint of ginger and sweetness to it.
2) Thai Tea = Hubby ordered it and he likes it.
It was kinda weird that they give you syrup on the side as their thai tea doesn't come sweet to begin with.
It was creamy and the tea flavor is not overwhelming.
3) Panang Tofu (Spiceness #1) = This was very good.
It was creamy and the flavor was perfect.
The tofu came out perfectly fried yet not hard...it was just right.
This is definitely comparable to Archi's panang.
4) Panang Beef (Medium Spiceness) = My brother-in-law ordered this and he was quite happy.
He did say that their medium is more spicy that what he normally gets but he loves it nonetheless.
5) Beef Pad See Ew (Spiceness #1) = I was disappointed on this one unfortunately.
I really want to like it but it was bland and dry.
It definitely could more sweet soy sauce.
I just wouldn't get this in future.
6) Beef Fried Rice (Spiceness #1) = Hubby ordered this and he loves it.
He would like to be a little bit more spicy but that did not disappoint him.
He loves the flavor of it so he's a happy camper.
Overall, the food is good.
They are pricey considering the portions are fairly small.
The service was good but there were only 3 table (including us).
One thing we notice though, the table setting was incomplete.
We already had our food and we only had napkins and knife on the table.
The server and busboy doesn't seem to communicate well as we haven't even gotten all our food and the busboy is already taking our plates to start clean up which I find odd.
I also have to agree with the other review, it is freezing cold in there.
The A/C was on full blast which was unnecessary at night I think but it was too cold to be comfortable.
The communication between staff and the cold A/C is where the 1 star deduction came from.
We would definitely be back to try the other foods in the menu.

Gaati Thai Kitchen has wonderful food, an inviting atmosphere and excellent staff.
The Thai ice tea is served with the sweetener on the side so you can make the tea as sweet (or unsweet) as you like.
The kids love the pineapple fried rice served in a pineapple.
I had my Mother's Day dinner at Gaati and was served an unbelievable Sticky Rice and Mango dessert and fried bananas w/ homemade coconut ice cream.
YUMMY!

Okay here we go on this review.
The Green Curry made in Medium was awesome and GREAT tasting.
The only thing is the menu reads Fresh bird eye chili paste, bamboo shoots, basil, coconut milk and a choice of your meat chicken beef or pork.
When I got home as I ordered this to go.
The container had Zucchini with red and green bell peppers which was not stated.
Good thing I am not allergic to those vegetables as they should disclosed this on there discription in there menu.
Green Curry was yummy.
I don't know if you eat in they give you a better portion size because the container was just enough for one person and I don't eat much.
I will go back and eat in the next time and try the green curry again to see if the consistantcy of quality is just as good when I just had it.
I will try to give other menu items a try to and will see if other  friends would like to try this place with me as a sit down meal.
From going in the Restruant the ambiance was very inviting and clean and nice and bright color decor.
Restruant looks well kept and clean and nice table room not cluttered and close to the next person.
Friendly staff was very welcoming!

I'm glad I came to try this place with my friend tonight, the waitress is very friendly and sweet, the mango salad and pineapple fried rice and the mango sticky rice are the best!!
I will be back again for sure!!

Great service, food and prices.
Love it and looking forward to trying the Duck.
Kudos!

Surprisingly, we were not expecting to find a nicely decorated restaurant with such vibrant aesthetics.
Being tucked away in the corner of Eastern Blvd and Horizon Ridge Pkwy, this is a dope spot for casual dining with a group or even with just a table for two.
--Thai beef jerky: great flavors from the spices they used to marinate the meat.
Dish comes with dipping sauce which wasn't too salty unlike what other joints usually serve.
Order a side of sticky rice and you're good to go.
--Spicy grilled beef salad: could have used extra toasted rice but the skirt steak was tender and chili-lime vinaigrette was good.
--Pad Thai: typical Thai style thin noodles sauteed with eggs, bean sprouts, chives and crushed peanuts.
Got it in 'hot' and thought it would've been 9/10 if it were from a different place.
**Spiciness from this establishment runs hotter than others... have your dish in 'medium' instead and just add more crushed peppers to suit your taste buds.
--Pineapple fried rice (shrimp, chicken, fresh pineapples, roasted cashews) that was actually served in whole pineapple shell.
I like the mixture of savory and sweet, however, seasoning was lacking as the dish was quite bland.
Overall, Gaati Thai Kitchen is definitely one of the better Thai restaurants around Southeast Las Vegas.
Delicious food, nice ambiance and great service.
They also have a daily happy hour with drink specials and reduced price on certain appetizers.

