First and foremost, this is a Firkin.
So, you know you're going to have lots of beers on tap, good bar, good food (albeit deep fried and grilled all around), and nice surroundings.
The Firkin at the Tannery exceeds Firkin standards.
On top of the Firkin basics, because it's in the Tannery it had soaring ceilings, which really opened things up without making it feel cavernous and echoey.
I went here for Family Day with my parents who were visiting from out of town.
We needed a place to go, hang out, catch up, and just have a good time.
Our server Steve let us take our time, he joked around with us (called Guinness vitamin G, which made my father's night), and took good care of us.
We kicked off our night with a round of beers (Sam Adams Winter Ale, Vitamin G, Creemore Pils) and a couple of apps (Big Poutine and Irish Nachos).
Beers were the right temperature, and the appetizers were certainly tasty.
It seemed like the Irish Nachos sat in the window a little too long, but it didn't hurt how delicious they were (waffle fries, cheese, bacon, green onions).
The real appetizer magic was in the Big Poutine.
The gravy was real gravy, the cheese were real curds, and THERE WAS MEAT IN IT TOO!
Just delicious.
Lots of potatoes in that course, but we managed to eat dinner, too.
Our mains consisted of the Big Firkin Everything Burger (I can't remember the real name) which has the menu on it (fried egg, onion rings, deep fried pickles, plus the usual toppings) for Dad and I, and Mom went for the the winter specials, and had the stew (Chicken and Sausage).
The burgers were better (in my opinion), but apparently  the stew was also quite delicious.
No one was disappointed.
Well, except for my disappointment that I couldn't finish my fries because I was so stuffed.
We washed it all down with some coffee.
It's just regular coffee.
If you want fancy stuff, go to Balzac's (it's basically next door).
All in all, no significant complaints.
It's a pub, it's a Firkin, and it delivers.

Went on wings night.
Over priced!
1 pound was only six small wings.
They were dry and my friends were slightly under cooked.
Can't  recommend !

