This is the first AZ location for this chain and it just opened a couple of days ago.
Unfortunately, I'm left with mixed impressions about my first experience here.
It's a casual restaurant where you order at the front and then you can either eat inside or get it to-go.
I went the to-go route and ordered their taco plate.
Prices are pretty good, with the taco plate running around $7 for 2 tacos and your choice of 2 sides.
I got the grilled fish taco and grilled shrimp taco, both in the soft option (which means you get a soft corn tortilla).
For my sides I got their rice and black beans.
First off, the tacos were good.
They're unique in that they use feta cheese which adds a nice saltiness.
The shrimp taco was my favorite of the two -the shrimp were seasoned nicely and weren't overcooked.
Where they missed the mark though was on the sides.
The rice was undercooked to the point where some of it was still hard, which completely distracted from any decent flavor it had.
The beans were good flavor wise, just watery, which I don't love... but this would have still been ok except for the fact that I found a hair in my beans :(  Their hot sauce is good though and was a nice surprise.
I would have loved it on my rice if the rice wasn't undercooked.
The hot sauce has a tangy, almost-buffalo style quality to it, with just the right amount of heat.
Since this is only their first week being open though, I would be willing to go back and give it another try and hopefully some of the issues will have been worked out.

Seriously get the tacos.
I'm not a huge fan of tacos, but these are nothing short of amazing.
The restaurant really sets a good vibe with good music.
good television, and all their catchy tag-lines.
Good ingredients, good food and good music, what's not to like?

I was pretty excited when I saw that a new mexican food place had opened, especially one that advertises breakfast items.
I finally got a chance to try Fuzzy's today for lunch and I am sad to report, that I left disappointed and even a little horrified at how bad their food is.
Part of the reason I was initially excited about this place was the menu.
They have a pretty nice variety of food listed.
The staff at the registers is friendly and helpful enough, offering to answer any questions that we may have.
Prices are pretty decent, especially for a place located on Mill Avenue.
I ordered their taco plate with mexican rice and refried beans, while my friend ordered their enchilada plate with "latin fried potatoes" and borracho beans.
We topped it off with an order of chips and salsa.
We were then instructed to take our receipt to the back of the establishment, where there was a service counter.
Chips were to be picked up there, along with our order when ready.
There is quite a bit of available seating and the establishment as a whole seemed cleaned.
Between the register and the soda fountain is a display case with assorted "Fuzzy's Taco Shop" merchandise in it -- including a shirt that states "If it looks like a taco and smells like fish, it must be a good meal.
"  That pretty much sets the tone for the remainder of the visit, as well as some insight into where they got their name from.
We picked up our chips, which are not freshly made, but decent enough.
They come served in a basked with some type of seasoning sprinkled over the top.
Different, but not horrible.
The salsa is served warm.
Again, it tasted okay, but odd.
As we ate our chips and waited for our lunch, we were regaled with the individual running the mic at the food pick-up counter chumming it up loudly with co-workers, as well as occasionally chatting on the mic, announcing things like the current temperature.
Our food was finally ready; we picked it up and dove in.
The food is... bad.
Pre-processed, pre-packaged full-on crap.
The taco shells are no different than the type you'd buy at your local grocery store.
The "special ground beef" tasted chock-full of textured soy protein.
The borracho beans were analogous to cracking open a can of pinto beans, dumping them into a bowl and then mixing in some oil and thin slivers of bacon -- nasty.
The rice.
Well, it's worthy of it's own entry here.
Their rice is the kind of rice that would drive Gordon Ramsay crazy.
Best thing I can compare it to is par-boiled minute rice.
Terrible.
Spanish/mexican rice should be a keystone dish for any mexican themed food vendor.
When they clearly don't even make their own rice, it's a sure sign of lazy, dis-interested ownership with no passion for food.
Ultimately, we ended up leaving a good portion of our food on the plates.
We will not be returning.
In a place like Arizona where good quality mexican food can be had for a good price all over the valley, I'll be quite surprised if this taco shop, which borrows it's name from slang for female genitalia, lasts more than six months.

Living in Downtown Tempe for several years now, I'm always excited to see a new restaurant on the scene.
Very disappointing!
I'm a fan of great Mexican food and wasn't expecting top of the line fare being it is basically a taco shop, but this was horrible.
The staff was very friendly and helpful, and the place has a cool vibe, but it ends there.
I had a ground beef taco and a shredded beef taco.
Got both to go as I was walking home, but ate the ground beef taco there.
Yuck!
Almost went to get my money back, but they all seemed so happy about the opening I just didn't have the heart, and I figured maybe the shredded beef would be better.
WRONG.
I took a few bites as I walked down Mill and found the nearest trash can to dispose of the rest.
This is hands down the worst Mexican food I have ever tasted, and just may be one of the worst restaurants I have ever tried.
I feel bad for them, but there is no way they will last 6 months, obviously they don't care or just don't know good Mexican food.
I can't believe that this is a chain and there are more out there somewhere!
I would say to stay far away from this place, but it is so bad that it's almost worth a novelty to stop in and get ONE taco to share if you happen to be walking down Mill one evening.
You will see what I'm talking about, amazingly bad food, you will not believe they are charging money for it.

As a former Dallas-Fort Worth resident, I was ecstatic to see one of my all-time favorite restaurants come to my new home of Phoenix.
Sadly, this is not the Fuzzy's I knew and loved.
The menu and ingredients were the same, but the somehow the execution was just off.
I had my usual order with a shredded pork soft taco, shrimp tempura soft taco, and a corizo/egg/cheese breakfast taco.
The main ingredients, pork, shrimp, and chorizo and egg were as I remembered, cooked just right and very flavorful.
That's where the similarity ends, the fresh tortillas I remember were either leftovers or have been replaced with mass produced.
The toppings that should be a perfect mix of lettuce, feta, cilantro, sauce, etc.
were reduced to 99% lettuce and added nothing to the tacos.
The second star is earned only for the fact that the hot sauce hasn't changed, (it's fantastic but I should have bought a bottle so I wouldn't have to go back there again) and it appeared they still serve beer in the frosted goblet (although it was lunchtime and I had to go back to work so I did not partake).
I hope this is just growing pains for the franchise and that they can bring this place up to the standards of the DFW locations.

stumbled (literally) upon fuzzy's last weekend after Oktoberfest, my brief fun chasing down my other's friends bike cab made me hungry, and my brief conversation with an ASU coed who was wondering about the dick on my tee got me curious... to try out this place.
I was seriously wanting slices but my friend Dani who I was walking with persuaded me to try out the place coz we were right next to it, and we were tipsy.
So, walking in you really get that there's nothing local about this place, it's so commercial and chainish that it's disheartening with how Mill ave sold out.
Anyways, saw the lackluster choices, and noticed that for breakfast burritos they were missing a basic item choice, a SAUSAGE burrito, heck that's common at every bertos drive thru, it's like a cheese quesadilla it's such a normal thing to order, WTF?!
so ordered a bacon, cheese and egg burrito and waited for it to come out.
Got the burrito and was dismayed with how non-hefty it was.
for $4.50 i expect hefty, thick, with grease dripping, and it should be too thick to put in my mouth because it's so big BUT sadly this burrito was limp!
LIMP!
and it really wasn't satisfying, Del Taco's even better than this, and del taco tastes damn good when you're drunk, to the point you think it's so delicious that it's gourmet, sadly this was alright.
My experience was eh, and the owner/manager dude asked how i liked it, and let's just say alcohol reveals the truth.
Any chance of me coming back?
never.

I think this place is pretty good, compared to other 'fast' mill ave eateries.
I like the flavor of the tacos, with the feta and garlic sauce stuff.
It gives it an almost Greek taste, which I like.
Also, the tacos are super cheap and pretty big.
I can't really compare them to other Mexican food places, because I don't think they're typical 'Mexican', considering I'm an Az native...  All in all, I like them.
I think they're unique!

Cheap beer!
I was really drunk when I had the nachos and I got very excited when they passed me the mountain of chips at the pick up window.
Im going to say they were good, but a little plain.
The cashier was friendly as well.

awesome tacos on the cheap...killer weekday lunch spot.
Fish tacos and shrimp tacos.
Give it a try, its GOOD!

All of these good reviews must be from employees or friends of the owner because Fuzzy's is absolutely horrible.
Here is a recap of my three visits:  Visit #1: Counter staff was friendly but not very knowledgeable about the menu.
I asked one person what kind of fish was in the fish taco and he said it was tempura.
I told him that tempura was not a type of fish and the other person told me it was Alaskan Polack (I think she meant pollack).
I then asked them if they had tried all of the tacos, looking for a recommendation.
The first guy told me that he had tried all of the meat tacos, because he is a "meat guy".
So I asked which was his favorite, to which he replied, "definitely the shrimp".
I had one chicken taco and one pork taco and they were just o.k.
The feta cheese was kind of weird on a taco, it just made it salty and the sauce tasted like sweetened Tabasco.
Visit #2:  Ordered the tempura fish taco and the grilled shrimp taco.
The coating on the fish was not tempura but more like some kind of breading and it was over cooked to the point of being fish jerky.
The shrimp tacos took them three attempts to make correctly; the first one was not prepared as ordered, the second one was dropped on the floor and the third one was finally prepared right but was extremely salty.
That's the problem when you have college kids accustomed to eating ramen and Kraft macaroni and cheese cooking at a restaurant, they are so used to consuming large quantities of sodium that they tend to over salt everything.
Visit #3:  Since this is a new restaurant, I decided to give them one last chance to get it right.
I ordered two pork tacos and the filling in both was cold.
Strike three.
These people really need to get out of the restaurant business.

Stumbled in due to its close proximity from the Tavern.
I ordered chips with nacho cheese and a bean burrito.
The cheese was really watery but I stuck to those instead of my bean burrito since it was FILLED with beans that tasted like they were from a can and were so thick and pasty.
I flagged down a server and asked for a glass of water in exchange so my throat would be cleared out from the beans!
The manager came over to let me know he took it off my bill and that he "tries to steer his customers AWAY from the beans"........... well- why don't you just STOP serving them???
tsk... tsk..... tsk....
I would have preferred Taco Bell instead!

Wooooow.
The yelp reviews weren't kidding.
We went here during IMAZ, since we didn't want to stray too far from the finish.
I understand being busy, but they had run out of both refried AND black beans, and seemed to be running out of lettuce, too.
Our food took a long time to come out, and when it did, it was strewn on the plate, my friend's tortillas were literally refrigerated (just throw then on the grill, dudes!
) and my other friend's taco had cheese on it, even though she asked for it without.
The saving grace of the place were the drink specials... there's absolutely nothing wrong with $2 draft beers, especially when you have a good selection.
And the mangorita was delicious.
So, in conclusion, you can come here to drink, but my god, that food was not good.
As my friend says, "this is what happens to taco joints when you run all your mexicans out of town.

Whoa!
I'm kind of surprised this place has only 2 stars?
I went here for lunch.
I had a cold beer and two tacos - one chicken, one ground beef, both soft.
We also ordered chips and salsa.
The chips were fresh and the salsa came out hot - like heat hot.
I've never had salsa served this way and I thought it was good.
Both of my tacos were tasty and I liked the garlic sauce they added to the mix.
The only thing I would change is that the place could be a little more clean.
Also, I wish I would have ordered a Dos Equis because it came in a giant cold margarita type glass.
It made my beer seem sad.

I've been here a few times for lunch now.
I'm really liking the taces.
Every time I try some different meats.
So far I've had the fajita tacos, the chicken, beef, the shrimp.
I didn't get fish, but my coworker really liked it.
I haven't had anything else here, but I am digging the tacos.
The feta cheese is a nice touch, and the have regular specials that make a pretty cheap lunch.
I'll be back on Tuesdays for Taco Tuesdays and $1 tacos.

Fuzzy's is one of my fav places on Mill.
They have a great selection of mexican food at very low prices.
Amazing drink specials, really friendly staff, and a great location!
I have been here a few times with a friend late on a Fri night when needing something to eat.
The service was quick, the food was hot and really really good.
It exceeded my expectations.
I hope Fuzzy's stays on Mill for years to come.

This place was fun and friendly.
The service was great.
They were a little behind in the kitchen with one of our orders and the Chef came out to apologize.
He then came back with the food.
Okay, it is not gourmet, but it is good.
The breakfast was delicious.
Good drink specials, good food and very friendly service from the cashier to the chefs.
I will be back.

Good tacos, like really tasty!
I like the large beers.
Probably the only restaurant to make it on that corner of Mill Avenue.
I like the simplicity of this place.
You order at the door and they give you a number and bring out the food when it's ready.

So glad to have found a bar on Mill Ave. on New Years Eve with decent drinks specials.
Didn't get the food, but did 5 beers for $10.
Twice.
Seemed to do the trick.
Otherwise, this place seemed like the run of the mill (no pun intended) boring taco shop in a college town.

Your basic "tex-mex" restaurant at a great price.
For five bucks I got two tempura shrimp tacos (decently sized), and a chalice of dos equis.
Service was friendly and fast.
The employees seemed like they were having "responsible fun" with their positions.
Enjoying their jobs while making sure they took care of their responsibilities.
If you go make sure you get one of their "Frequent Muncher" cards to get yourself a free shirt after 10 visits.
Overall...
I have 5 punchs on my card, and I can tell you out of the 5 times I've been there, only once I was disappointed, and it was only because it was so busy.

A Tex-Mex place that combines the lack of authenticity from fast-casual dining like Chipotle with the selection and taste from fast food like Filiberto's.
And adds cheap drafts on game day.
No, like REALLY cheap drafts.
Could not believe I was paying $2 a pint for a good IPA.
The food ain't the most quality stuff, but it tastes nice, has a fun environment, and cool staff.
Really not a bad place to pregame it.

I live near downtown Tempe and eat here at least once a week.
I always get the chicken quesadilla with a side order of chips and queso and have yet to be disappointed.
The staff is always really cool and polite.
Overall I recommend this place if you love quesadillas and queso!

I really enjoyed Fuzzy's Taco shop.
I ordered the special ground beef tacos.
I really enjoyed the way they were seasoned and how fresh the tomatoes and herbs tasted on the taco.
The atmosphere was great too.
The staff was super friendly and they had great beer specials....$2 for a beer isn't bad at all.
Cheap good food and cheap beer makes a great place to hangout and pregame before the game.
Really enjoyed it thank you Fuzzy's.

Shocked to see poor reviews!
Here is the thing, this place is a taco spot.
Not a rice and bean specialty store.
The tempura fish tacos are the best in the valley, and the prices are so reasonable that you can afford a beer with your meal!
Stick to the tacos.
Or call uncle fucking ben.

Stopped by here for a quick bite before a game at Wells Fargo & was pleasantly surprised.
I got a grilled fish taco & a tempura shrimp taco.
The fish taco was average, but the tempura shrimp taco blew me away.
For sides I got the tex-mex fried rice & black beans, nothing impressive.
But definitely try the tempura shrimp taco, you wont regret it!

Good, cheap tacos.
They were better than I was expecting.
I only had fish tacos but my husband tried some of the other varieties and liked them.
Cheap beer, too.
Good no-frills tacos and beer are enough for me to come back again.

If you are tired of the same, humdrum, Mexican food place (and let's face it, AZ has a LOT of them) I recommend trying Fuzzy's Taco Shop on Mill Avenue!
I read the previous reviews on here and couldn't be more dumbfounded with the response.
This place was: Friendly?
Check.
Helpful?
Check.
Tasty?
Check.
This is a regular stop for me when I'm on Mill.
I love the food, the happy hour gives you huge cheap drinks (if you drink -- I do not, but I recognize the appeal for everyone else), the service is with a smile, and the comfortable seating  (inside and outside) really does it for me.
Their salads are amazing, tacos (soft tempura shrimp tacos are my fav) are out of this world, and their burritos are HUGE!
You can really taste the freshness of the ingredients and the flavors blend well.
The one thing that I will say is that one time, I got a beef burrito that contained a lot of fatty meat.
Other than that, it's been pretty yummy.
So, please, do yourself a flavor and check this place out!
:)  You won't regret it (coming from a girl who usually avoids tacos or burritos, I think that that says a lot!
)  Yay!
Fuzzy's!

What a great find!!
It is different than any of the other Tex-Mex place in town.
First things first though, if you've never been, make sure to look over the menu before you get to the register to order - it makes things better for everyone!
The portion sizes are generous, the prices are bank account-friendly and patio seating is available.
It may be a little awkward for folks who aren't used to their quick-casual style of service - you order at the register, get your drinks, find a table, they call your number, you go get your food.
A pretty decent beer selection too.
I missed out on the Margarita-with-a-Corona-in-it creation but that's something I'll try on my next visit because I will be back.

A large group of friends and I came here for some drinks on St Patty's Day.
Considering the huge amount of people on Mill Ave, plus the huge amount of people at Fuzzy's, I was actually really impressed with being able to get a relatively clean table, and the service.
It wasn't perfect by any means, but their beers and drinks were green, delicious, the right price, and easy enough to get.
I think inside there was table service, but we simply went up to the front or the bar when we needed our drinks; this kept things simple.
We did not eat, so I can't give an opinion on the food, but their pre-mixed margaritas and their green beers hit the spot!
I'd definitely come back here to try it on a regular day.

This place is very near my work, and I enjoy their food.
However, the service is another story.
While their food consistency remain high.
The service consistency is a crap shoot at best.
I don't eat feta.
It comes on all of their tacos and salads, so I always ask for "no feta".
They get this simple request right about 60% of the time.
Even though the order receipt clearly shows what I asked for.
Kitchen staff clearly do not read each order as it comes through the system, instead focusing on the big picture, and missing the little details, like "NO EFFING FETA".
The other problem I frequently run into is the single cashier, which causes long lines.
As long as things are moving forward, I'm fine with waiting a little longer.
However, their demeanor is sometimes a little too friendly, encouraging conversations that slow the entire process down by 2-3 times.
They have 2 registers at the front.
I've seen them both used maybe once in my 12 or so visits.
If they could improve order accuracy, and speed at the register, I'd gladly  go 4 or 5 stars on this place.
Yes, the tacos are that good (sans feta).

THE FOOD IS NOT AMAZING BUT BUT IT IS GREAT DRUNK FOOD (very tex mex like i.e.
crunchy taco- not a fan of it)   THE PRICES ARE PERFECT  BEER-ITAS = Margarita-with-a-Corona-in-it A MUST order it, you won't regret it.

Feta cheese on tacos is interesting once but don't care to do it again.
"Salsa" is Vinegery.?
Chicken and beef pretty bland.

Love getting lunch or dinner.
I love the salads and grilled sandwiches here awesome.
and the people that work there are super friendly.

Surprisingly fun and affordable mex place on Mill Ave.   My boyfriend and I wanted to eat a different mex food than usual and he thought of Fuzzy Tacos since I hadn't been there.
I had the fajita chicken and veggie taco both w/ corn tortilla.
My boyfriend ordered the pork, fajita chicken and beef tacos with flour.
The pork taco was by far the best!
All the tacos had a garlic sauce, melted cheese and feta cheese +fresh lettuce and tomato.
I know the feta cheese is kind of unexpected in a mex place, but it actually works perfectly- also I am a fan of saving calories!!
*Lame I know...
I had the margarita and my boy had the beer.
Both served in a cold glass, a BIG cold glass.
The margarita had a fun taste and was not too strong, which I like.
PS.
I asked the bartender not to make it strong, because I was driving.
Also, everything was served with a smile and the cashier and bartender checked up on us a few times.
The place looked very clean.
Happy hour margaritas are $1.00 off (around $4.50) and huge!

Honestly don't know why everyone loves this place?
The Yelpers below me must be drunk when they went here... Food sucks, prices are too high for quality of service and the people cooking the food look like convicts recently released from Tent City.

Im a fan.
My friend and I met for lunch here last week.
The service was great and our food came out relatively quickly.
I had a chicken and a steak fajita taco.
Delicious.
I loved the use of feta (which Im not a fan of on its own) instead of shredded cheddar.
It was much more melty.
I wasnt so much a fan of their salsa, but then again I like Pace (gimme a break, Im not from here!
;) ).
An all around good experience.
Ill definitely go back.

Styled like Dos Gringos with bright colors and the whole random stuff stuck to different surfaces - you walk in and get in the cattle drive line with a perfect view of the menu plastered to the wall.
Great, easy enough.
Their menu has all the basics, and the main reason to visit, SUPER CHEAP BEER!!!!
Our visit we had to wait 15 long minutes because the girl taking orders and pouring beer broke a glass into the rest of the glasses, having to cease all beer orders for what felt like forever.
I get it, shit happens, you drop stuff, but hello attitude.
I even gave her a tip because I felt bad and tried to laugh it off with her, but to no avail.
They never brought the beer over once it was all situated and had to hunt down someone to give us our much needed Friday fix.
The food was "eh" - not a fan of the sauce on the shrimp tacos.
Overall, I would go just to drink cheap beer - just don't make the girl behind the counter angry - then you'll never see your beer.

Quirky, cheap, fun place.
Super cheap draft beer.
The food is pretty good too, I like the pork tacos....  Only complaint is that their queso is a bit thin and bland....  Now, don't get me wrong, I wouldn't travel specifically to come here, by any means.
But since my office is right next door, it's my favorite go to place!

Styled like Dos Gringos with bright colors and the whole random stuff stuck to different surfaces - you walk in and get in the cattle drive line with a perfect view of the menu plastered to the wall.
Great, easy enough.
Their menu has all the basics, and the main reason to visit, SUPER CHEAP BEER!!!!
Our visit we had to wait 15 long minutes because the girl taking orders and pouring beer broke a glass into the rest of the glasses, having to cease all beer orders for what felt like forever.
I get it, shit happens, you drop stuff, but hello attitude.
I even gave her a tip because I felt bad and tried to laugh it off with her, but to no avail.
They never brought the beer over once it was all situated and had to hunt down someone to give us our much needed Friday fix.
The food was "eh" - not a fan of the sauce on the shrimp tacos.
Overall, I would go just to drink cheap beer - just don't make the girl behind the counter angry - then you'll never see your beer.
***NOTE, the gal working behind the counter sent me an apology and what can I say, other than she is pretty awesome for doing that, I will come back to drown my sorrows in that pimp glass anyday!
****

I discovered Fuzzy's in Texas (Arlington) summer '11 after graduating college.
Realizing I hadn't yet hit the proverbial jackpot that everyone speaks of after you graduate, I found my way to Fuzzy'$ Taco $hop.
Sooooo good and soooooo cheap!!
You'll find their slogan, "Welcome to Your New Addiction"  plastered over everything!
Cups, t-shirts, walls, etc., and the slogan doesn't lie!
My first time trying Fuzzy's I went back twice in the same week!
I was in Scottsdale visiting a friend in spring training and we LOVE Mexican food!
We popped into the Tempe location which is situated near the university and the hot spots where students hang.
This location is poppin' with a bar/club (Vintage) located directly above the restaurant.
Very different from the family-friendly location in Agg-Town.
If I had to guess, Fuzzy's is the booty call you LOVE to have at the end of every crazy party night!
I literally close my eyes and smile when biting into their tasty tacos!
There's a bar inside for all my lushies, and reasonable prices to boot!!
If you're looking for attentive service this isn't the place.
Just order your food, pick it up when your number is called and enjoy!
We ate Fuzzy's twice that weekend since I miss out on good Mexican food in DC.
Solid.
Delicious.
Cheap.
For about $40 bucks we got 5 shrimp tempura tacos, queso, chips, and two margs!
SCORE!!!
Traveling on a budget?
This is your spot if there's one in your area!
LOVE the upbeat  Tempe location!

Nice employes fast and awesome.
I go here and hang out at the bar talk with other customers and the workers here are super nice.
I love going here.

Writing a review about a taco shop seems a bit stupid at first.
I mean tacos are tacos right?
Honestly no they aren't.
There is a huge difference between tacos (or any dish really) you eat while drunk and those eaten while sober.
The magic that makes a 2:30am meal taste amazing is mysteriously absent when you return with your wits about you.
Herein lies the difference with Fuzzy's.
I will not go into incredible detail but suffice to say that they have cured several of my usual taco pet peeves.
The first thing they have done right is to put the grated cheese on the bottom so that it can melt into the meat and not just fall off.
Many of the menu choices can also be had with feta cheese on top.
Secondly they have gone away from the trap of "super spicy for no reason".
Trust me that is a good sign.
Ask the Creoles and they will tell you the relationship between camouflaging spicy and terrible tasting ingredients to make something edible.
Instead they have chosen to used a garlic sauce that brings out the flavor of the meat rather than masking it.
The final thing is that the shop owners have kept the prices very reasonable.
If you go I recommend the huge iced chalice of beer.

Fuzzy's is a great spot to grab a few drinks and some delicious tacos.
Every week they've got Taco Tuesday and the tacos are only $1.50, combo that with happy hour (4-7PM) and you've got similarly cheap drank.

Best Veggie Taco I had in my life!
Period.
Get it on a soft shell and put their own hot sauce, tell me of it ain't amazing!
Oh and I made the bartender make me a Clamato spicy beer like in Mexico.
Was amazing as well

I think this place has the best tacos on the planet...
If your drunk!
Sober the taco's (tempura & grilled) are pretty good but not memorable!
To be honest I've had better at Taco Bell!
But I don't say this as a put down this is a good college town spot!
Nothing more!
They seem to have fantastic drink specials so that will keep people coming and the more of those specials you consume the better the food will get!

$2 drafts...cheap quality tacos situated on a cool ass street.
Hell yeah, I'm a fan

I would rate the food but i cant.
I ordered and paid for food that I never recieved after 45 minutes.
After asking the manager about my food order she said that she didnt have a transaction or ticket for my order so i would not get my food.
So Im a liar?
Are you kidding me?
I am pretty sure the cashier stole my money and didnt ring in my order.
I even contacted Fuzzy's online and they still have not returned my email.
WOW.

Tex-Mex???
who called this tex-mex?
It is not.
It is Baja-style food with a Baja-style surrounding.
And the prices are awesome.
We looked around at other menus at restaurants on Mill and were amazed at the outlandish pricing on food...then we stumbled into Fuzzy's.
The two of us had a great meal and a large beer on tap for under $20...total!.
Hard to beat.
And the food was some of the best on Mill Ave.
I'm a fan and will continue to go back when in the neighborhood.

Decided on a few tacos after having a few beers for Sunday afternoon football.
This place had great reviews on Yelp, but turned out to be normal taco shop with nothing that stood out, except for the Borracho Beans, which were hearty and bold and tasted great.
My other side dish was Fried Rice, which was simply Yellow rice with a few veggies tossed in.
Moving on, the best taco of the two was the Tempura shrimp variety, but since every taco gets dressed with the same ingredients, all the tacos will eventually taste the same no matter what meat you choose.
These are not gourmet tacos by any means and the shredded beef taco had a nice chunk of fatty meat inside causing some issues.
Flour tortillas are the way to go here as the hard shell style is not the really crunchy Mexican shell, but the kind out of the grocery store box.
Ordered salsa on the side, which was warm and costs $1.29, but you really don't need the salsa for the tacos and no chips are included, so the salsa will end up in your fridge for future use.
It was about $7 for a combo, which seems normal, but hopefully they have $1 taco night because that is when I would return in the future.

Great service and atmosphere.
Nice selection of beer on tap at a very fair price.

While the atmosphere is welcoming I found several downfalls.
Waitstaff had attitude.
We ordered guacamole and it was a puke green color like it was from two days ago.
Also got soft shrimp tacos, the shrimp was somewhat edible but the tortillas were cold, beans were as well and disgustingly dry.
Rice out of the box blows this place's out of the water.
Only remotely appealing food item was the chicken quesadilla that was packed full of chicken.
I'll keep in mind to make sure Im not sober if I ever return.

I am not sure how to review this place.
I would give it a 4 for drinks/the bar.
The drinks are CHEAP and you aren't paying a cover on Mill Avenue.
But the food?
I'd give a 1. Who puts lettuce in Guacamole?
BLAND, Cold, and Generic.
They give you a bottle of "Blow out your colon-hot" or some such at your table...but I want flavor, not an inopportune trip to the bathroom.
Even Filberto's is better if you want cheap, fast Mexican.
I feel like the people who give it great reviews were drunk when they walked in and ordered to begin with.
The people who work here are really nice, though, and I'll probably stumble in here a few more times because it's on Mill.

A note to the girl eating behind the counter, besides disgusting the customers, the health code regarding these issues is meant to protect you from putting the filth from the money you are touching into your mouth.
Also, being out of tacos on taco Tuesday is just wrong.
Especially with the new competition in town, that got my money tonight..

I love Fuzzys, its one of the best taco places on Mill!

This is a nice gem in the middle of Mill.
The wait staff is always friendly and knowledgable.
With all the hecticness that surrounds Mill ave this is a quiet place to chill with friends.
They serve food until the wee hours of the morning, and is quite delicious.
The beer on tap is a relatively inexpensive for the size of glass you receive.
There is plenty of seating both inside and out.
The ambiance reminds me of a local mom and pop place where you always feel welcome and at home...without the family arguments ;)

Their shrimp tacos and fish tacos are pretty weak, but their beef tacos and their pork tacos are pretty good.

Seriously love this place!
So happy they opened up in Tempe!!

The chicken enchilada plate was great!
Simple & eclectic place with a laid back feel.
Prices are more than fast food but less than a restaurant.
$6.99 for the 2 enchiladas with 2 sides.

Fun little dive of a place.
I liked their fried potatoes.
The price is reasonable and you get a lot of food but not too much, as is the problem with many Mexican places.
The food is not great but not the worse either.
More of a beach feel to the whole place.
My only complaint, and it is a big one so listen up owners, is that the place was pretty dirty.
I once read that you should never eat at a place that has a dirty bathroom.
The bathroom was disgusting.
Also the counters were very dirty.
Even the creamers were left uniced and had stains on them.
What's up with that?
The restaurant was dead at the time we left so that did not make sense to me.

I love this place.
Awesome food and cool atmosphere.
Beer is good and cold.

So this was my first lunch outing at my new job and this place was selected since it is the boss' favorite.
I got the shredded beef tacos and they were pretty good.
The beans and rice were just ok, though.
Next time I'll order ala carte instead of getting the plate meal.
Even with all that food it was pretty cheap, so that's a plus.

Was not good.
Feta on tacos if u like that kinda of thing.
Cafeteria style food.
Everything is pre prep and make quickly which take any from freshness.
Better than del taco I guess.

I love Fuzzy's!
It's my favourite place in Tempe!
So yummy and great for groups of friends for lunch, or after a night out on Mill.

Back for a few more tacos.
The fajita chicken and the tempura shrimp are the real highlites.
The Beans were still good, but were not placed in a separate container.
The other side dish was the latin fried potatoes, which were well seasoned and full of flavor.
Might be shrimp upcharge because it cost $1 more than the menu said.

One of my favorite places to eat on Mill.
My friends and I go here all the time.
I mean, it's not gourmet or anything, so don't expect more than you're paying for, but for being as cheap as it is, it's great.
Fun, lively atmosphere, and the workers are very friendly.
I usually get the chicken tacos or the vegetarian salad (you can get salsa as a dressing, which I like!).
Chips and salsa/cheese are also good.
I don't get the garlic sauce or cheese (or feta) on anything because I don't like it, but that's just me.
Again, don't expect anything fancy, but it's a nice place.

I love their fajita beef tacos.. and definitely love the special prices for tacos on Tuesdays..

Love Fuzzy's!
I always get the chicken nachos w/ feta, garlic sauce, white queso and it's super yummy!
Prices are reasonable and they now deliver!
Great place for take out, eat in, drinks, etc.
Go for Taco Tuesdays as well!

Lets just say the only fish tacos ill put in my mouth is from Fuzzy's.
Got the fried fish and corn tortilla and it was an orgasm in my mouth.

This place has been a staple for my girlfriend and I since we moved here a little more than a year ago.
We admittedly only come on Taco Tuesday's but whatever.
$2 Large Goblets of PBR all day, everyday and $1.50 tacos, they are worth every penny even at  full price of $2.49.
Nice atmosphere and everyone working is usually pretty friendly.
The only compliant I would have is that the front counter girls are a bit too nice.
There is no reason for the entire line to be held up so someone can call their friend (via cellphone) from the patio to bring her ID up so the other on can buy more than one beer.
Send that mess to to back of the line, really.
As for the tacos: Steak, YES Fish, YES Shrimp, YES Pork, YES  That's all you need to know.

After reading all the great reviews I thought I'd give this place a try.
Boy was that a mistake.
The server was polite and friendly, however other than that I really would have been better off eating jack in the box tacos.
So, in a nutshell; Overpriced, cold and not how I expect a taco.
2 stars.

Pretty good.
Pretty cheap.
I would recommend trying their queso or guacamole and a few tacos (my favorite is the shredded beef).
The hot sauce is really hot, so be careful if you have a sensitive stomach.
Fuzzy's reminds me of home because I grew up in Dallas and ate Fuzzy's when it started getting really good.
It isn't the best I've ever had, but if you need a quick, cheap, fairly tasty meal, this is a good place to try.

Fuzzy's just rocks.
After the one in my local Albuquerque closed, we needed our fix on a recent road trip and stopped at the one in Tempe.
Nom nom nom!
We went with the usual chicken tacos and the cashier recommended their special beef taco which was a good recommendation.
Their chips and queso can't be beat.
It's not spicy like I like it but it's full of flavor and the chips come with yummy Fuzzy's dust.
Although putting feta on tacos sounds totally weird to some people, after Fuzzy's I practically can't imagine it without.
We didn't have the cashier's specialty frozen margarita which looked amazing but it was cheap and people were ordering them like crazy.
For cheap eats, good tacos and a super fun, casual atmosphere you can't beat Fuzzy's.
I hope that they come back to Abq.
My faves on the menu- chicken soft tacos, chips & queso, and their fajita chicken salad.
With any of those, you just can't go wrong.

Fuzzy's is such a fun place with yummy food.
I had always just come here to drink since they have huge beeritas/beergaritas but one day I decided to try their food and it is actually really scrumptious.
The workers are always so pleasant and funny, I feel like such a regular now.
Their tacos, enchiladas, and tamales are great!
Also their mex-mex rice and beans are delicious.
It is a great location on Mill and when you're done eating you can walk upstairs to Vintage or across the street to the Vine, Rula Bula, or Moonshine.
Parking is usually pretty easy to fine on the meters between Fuzzy's and Caffe Boa.
Also they have a reward system that gives you points every time you visit, it's the Fuzzy's app, check it out

I was in town for the afternoon and was looking for some tacos.
And I ended up here.
I was greeted by Lily who was very kind and patient in explaining the menu to me.
I decided to go with a platter consisting of two chicken tacos, with the cilantro lime rice and the fried potatoes.
And I got the large souvenir cup (good for dollar refills on return visits).
The good:  The rice was fantastic and the potatoes were pretty good as well.
The bad: The tacos were mediocre.
I liked the garlic sauce, but could have done without everything else (for the record, I'm a corn tortilla, onions and cilantro taco guy).
I would consider stopping back the next time I'm town so that I can get some more of that rice.

greatest place on earth

My husband and I went here for a club meet up on a Tuesday night.
The place was packed!
My husband ordered one of the sandwiches and I ordered two tacos and a side order of chips and salsa.
It took 45 minutes for us to get our food.
Although the food was good and really cheap, I will probably pick a less busy time to go here.
It wasn't really worth the 45 minute wait.

I feel I tried enough menu items to not visit this place again.
The chicken has almost no flavor and is covered with cold cheese & lettuce.
The pork was a little bit better, but you're better off going for their breakfast menu.
The people that work there are nice, the ambiance is great, but when it comes down to it, I don't think the food is worth skipping other restaurants for.

Fuzzy's Taco Shop is one of my favorite casual restaurants on Mill Ave. Conveniently located and in walking distance to my work, I have to resist being there every week for Taco Tuesday.
Needless to say, this place does get really crowded during lunch hours, especially on Tuesdays.
So if you want to avoid the lunch crowd, avoid going there between 12 and 1 pm.
But not only is Fuzzy's one of my to go places for lunch, it is also one of my favorites after a night out on Mill Ave. Those juicy tacos really hit the spot and absorb anything in your system before heading back home.
They have two registers to take the orders and the kitchen staff is pretty fast and efficient.
With that crowed the occasional mix up is unavoidable, but all the great flavors you get to enjoy, really make up for it.

When I'm craving taco's Fuzzy's is always a top choice!
I usually get chips and salsa and chicken tacos and they have always satisfied my taste buds!
Every time I go in the cashier who takes your order is friendly and ready to help with any needs.
They also have great happy hour and amazing beergaritas!

I'm a very picky person when it comes to fish tacos, so I'm going to try and review this place as fairly as possible.
PROS: -I went here for Taco Tuesday--which has deals that are difficult to beat.
-The staff were very friendly and efficient.
-You have an option to get these tacos "crispy" or soft.
CONS: -The fish tacos were very good.
I can't say much about the chicken taco I had.
-Crispy isn't what I thought it was--instead it's just a hard shell, and I'm not a fan of that.
-The hot sauce is not hot enough.
FOUR STAR!!

The tempura fish burrito with queso on top was crazy delicious.
I'm sure it was five thousand calories but I just don't care, I walked from my apartment - stop judging me!
But really, all of the ingredients were really tasty, I hope this place sticks around its a really nice addition to mill.

Ummmm!
HELL YEAH!!
I eat here almost every Tuesday for Taco tuesday, when the tacos are $1.50.
Its freaking delicious.
There is two types of cheese on the tacos, and it goes faaaaar!
I LOVE the tempura fish tacos, and any of the pork tacos, but the beef and chicken werent too impressive.
I also had the crawdad one, pretty yummy.
I like the tex mex rice better than the cilantro one, both the refried beans and the black beans are good, not super fanastic, but not gross.
The nachos are GIANT.
They will feed two people, and they are very generous with their toppings.
Lots of meat.
:)  ONE bad thing, why the heck are the beer glasses so damn HUGE and heavy!
Its hard to hold comfortably.
I think they are the glasses for margaritas, and i get that its prolly easier/cheaper  to have a one size fits all glass, but damn.
Not a deal breaker though.
I WILL be back.

If you've read my previous review, I have a friend that lives out of town that visits.
I have been trying to find the best mexican for him to eat.
This last visit, we decided on Fuzzy's, honestly because the name is so hilarious.
They were advertising a new queso jalapeno cheese covered burrito.
Best big ass chicken burrito I've ever had!
I am one that can't handle much spice, but this was perfect.
Just a tiny bit of heat from the cheese, the burrito actually had taste and was thick.
I felt I didn't have enough guacamole after I had already paid and sat down to eat.
I went to the front to pay for extra guacamole (only $1.25 compared to Amados nasty crap for over $2), but only had my debit card.
The girl that helped me said not to worry about it and used her OWN tip money to pay for it!!!
I was willing to order more sour cream or something, but she said it wasn't a problem.
I was so impressed!
Now because this is only the 2nd authentic burrito I've had since living in Phoenix, Fuzzy's is getting 5 stars.
Half way through my burrito I was full, but it tasted sooooo good, I ate the whole thing.
I felt like I needed to be rolled out of there.
There are Fuzzy's in the St. Louis area (to my St. Louis friends) so I recommend you visit, and try to tell me I'm wrong about the food!

I was showing my mom and dad around mill while they were here visiting, and after awhile we were hungry, and needed a break and a drink.
( hey it's hard work going In and out of all those stores!
) So we were walking by, and decided to check it out.
First of all, the beer served In the huge margarita glasses is an awesome Idea, even though I couldn't finish it.
I got the soft chicken tacos, and my parents both got the shredded beef.
They both really liked theirs, and mine were great as well.
Loved the cilantro and feta!
Bartender was funny and we all really liked this place!
I'll be back with friends after hittin up Urban Outfitters!

I'm a chips and salsa fanatic and never forget when I've had great chips and salsa.
I also never forget when I've had bizarre chips and salsa.
The salsa here has a very strange taste to it, unlike any other salsa I've had.
They have this super hot almost tabasco style salsa as well, which is disgusting, but I'm talking about this main large bowl of traditional salsa they bring you.
It is bearable, but that's it.
The taste immediately always leaves me asking myself, "Why did I come back here?
" Then I remember, the prices.
Everything is reasonably priced for a drunk college student who doesn't care about the cold food they're about to be served.
Basically, everything on the plate will be cold except for the main entree, which happened to me multiple times.
The customer service given by the ladies there is always great, and the comedian / cook in the back can be pretty funny over the intercom system.
Those aspects may have been five-star but overall, not enough to make up for the lousy tasting food.
Great service, good drinks, poor food.

Only go on Taco Tuesday for 1/2 price tacos, otherwise it's a tad pricey.
The pork tacos are the best, followed by beef then chicken.
Sometimes they can be a bit soggy and unfortunately cold.
Don't order rice and beans as its just canned refried beans and awful dry rice with a canned veggie mix.

Shitty food long lines worst example of Mexican food I've had in phx I'll never be back

Some of these reviews just crack me up.
Here's the 411 on Fuzzy's.
This is a cheap little taco joint on the ASU campus.
The taco and tamales are great, the beer is cold and there's plenty of hot sauce to go around.
If you're looking for an upscale, clean and trendy taco place MAYBE YOU SHOULDN'T GO TO A PLACE THAT SERVES DOLLAR TACOS IN A PLASTIC BASKET!
Rock on Fuzzy's!

8.2

Worst bar in Tempe.
They don't even know how to make a Long Island Iced Tea.
Enough said.

I just ordered through them through grubhub I ordered A Crispy shredded beef taco, Shredded Pork and beans and a breakfast burrito, Of the three the only thing that wasnt oh my god cheap ingredients was the breakfast burrito but how can you mess up bacon egg and cheese?
The shredded pork and beans were pinto beans with some chopped bacon put in which I guess is pork but definitely not as advertised, The Taco came in a shell that was the same thing I can get from Taco bell I expected at least a fried corn tortilla not a hard taco shell from the grocery store.
Stay away if you want anything actually good

Anyone who knows me, knows I'm not big on chain restaurants.
However when my folks introduced me to Fuzzy's Taco shop on mill I relented only slightly.
The food is delicious,  the atmosphere is nice, clean, has that spark of collage sprit, and lots energy.
Adorned with a chalk drawing of super heroes.
The food keeps me coming back for more when I'm on mill ave.  located close to the light rail Fuzzy's is inexpensive, tasty, and a fun place to visit time and time again.

Fun place to end the night after Mill!
Also have some great beergaritas!

I loooooooove Fuzzy's!!
!....until today!
I have a huge family.
I ordered 8 steak tacos and 8 fish tacos and chips with guacamole.
Tyler took my order and refused my military discount, claiming because it was a Tuesday there weren't any extra discounts because Tacos were a $1.50.
Now I have been coming to Fuzzy's every Tuesday since I moved here from Ohio and use my military discount.
I'm familiar with the owner who is a Michigan fan!!
He teases my son's for wearing OSU gear!!!
Tyler was rude loud and obnoxious, refused to add my discount and shoved my receipt in my face and said "Look lady I'm not giving you a discount, do you want me to get fired" The manager was not there but Westin , I'm assuming was taking the managerial position for the day, stepped in.
He assisted us with a smile, was cordial and added my discount.
Meanwhile, Tyler stomped away from the cashier station pouting!
Terrible customer service...terrible example of empathy!!
Tyler makes Fuzzy a place I never want to come back to!!!
Thank you Westin for all of your help and for keeping Fuzzy's onTuesday regular for us!!

So so so GOOD!
Whenever I go to Mill I start my night off with Fuzzys.
The shrimp and fish tempura tacos are the best.
I really love their beeritas as well.
Very cool atmosphere and it's really not a bad price.
Cheaper than Rubios.
I really recommend this place to those that are looking for a cool place on Mill Ave to eat.
They even deliver to World of Beer!

Great food and even better location!
Lots of different items on the menu but I ordered the beef enchiladas which came with 2 sides.
Couple sides to choose from but i went with refried beans and mex rice.
I asked for 2 flour tortillas on the side and believe it or not there was no additional charge, which i probably shouldnt mention because now they'll start charging because everyone will ask for them.
The restaurant itself isn't exactly clean, the place has a high turn over as far as customers and very little staff to clean up the tables, plus its on Mill ave which is close to the college so that explains alot.
The restaurant layout is you walk in order at a counter, sit and wait for your number to be called, go pickup at a window in the back.
Not confusing to me but saw several people walk back up front to the register for their food.
The quality was good for the money, and food had plenty of flavor and spice and if your not a soda drinker you can get a combo w no drink for about $7+ tax.
They also have breakfast tacos which sounded excellent.
Beer is also available.

for the money, you can't get much cheaper!
the drinks alone are worth this college style eating and drinking spot.
i'm late for the train on the beer-rita thing, but i had a champagne-rita, and for 8 bucks, i got this enormous mug of delicious alcohol goodness, with a small champagne bottle stuck right in there!
i had the grilled veggie burrito and it was ok. wrapped in a flour tortilla, it was like something i make at home about once a week.
my wife had a grilled fish and a grilled veggie taco.
the grilled fish was actually minced and not very flavorful.
they have some very decent happy hour specials, every day.
today, our stop suited us for some drinks and cheap food but i wouldn't make it a "go-to" spot.

It's cheap, the margaritas are huge, they serve breakfast tacos all day (proper breakfast tacos, not Taco Bell's waffle nonsense), and you can sit on the patio with a giant drink and a plate of breakfast tacos, feeling vaguely like an expatriate who ought to be listening to Mexican radio.
It's the next best thing to being in Tijuana eating barbecued iguana.
(I can't swear there isn't an iguana taco -- have another 'rita and go take a look, 'kay?
)  It's a "scene" restaurant, as most things on Mill Avenue are, so not the thing if you're feeling incapable of coping with sudden, loud noises, many of them made by inebriated undergraduates.
If you go at a dead-ish time of day, it's not in-your-face loud.
The staff are perky and patient while you figure out the menu for the first time, and they don't go nuts over trying to turn tables if there isn't a crowd.
This is counter service -- order up front, pick up the food in the back when called -- so it's pretty low key.
The breakfast tacos are pleasant, more than life-changing.
If you have a serious problem with fairly well-done scrambled eggs, ask up front to have them runnier or order something else, as these are quite well-done eggs.
In the future, I would stick to variations where there's something greasy like chorizo to counter the stiffness of the eggs.
These tacos are very generous -- I thought I was starving and couldn't finish a plate of two with the accompanying Latin potatoes (which are very nice) and refried beans (which are generic).
As far as Mexican restaurants of this sort -- silly name, self-conciously funky decor, waitresses in tight shirts, very large drinks, loud music, okay food -- go, this is a bargain with a nice view of the neighborhood.

Best beer-garitas ever!
They use corona.
Their pork burrito is really tasty and very large.
The prices are reasonable.
Defiantly make it a point to order chips and cheese dip.

Don't pass this place by.
Got the grilled shrimp taco and it was spicy and the right kind of tangy.
They also put feta in it which I never would have thought of for tacos but it worked!
Cute atmosphere in the heart of the mill street district.

Super slow service and the food was so-so.
Great place if your a student with lots of time to study and not a lot of cash on you.

Quite honestly I didn't have very high expectations for this place and what do you know - we didn't like ANY of the food we ordered.
I got the chicken enchiladas plate with cilantro lime rice & black beans; my boyfriend got the shrimp enchilada and shredded beef taco combo plate with the borracho beans & latin fried potatoes.
The enchilada sauce that the chicken enchiladas were smothered in was alright but unfortunately, the rice was undercooked to the point of crunchy and the black beans were just plain tasteless.
The taco tasted like the shell was stale and the borracho beans tasted like they were cooked pinto beans on which someone had poured beer and served.
The fried potatoes were really mushy & oily and salty.
When we had walked in to get a table, all we saw were people drinking huge margaritas.
Apparently they must've known what we didn't - don't bother ordering any food .. or order after having a few drinks.
Each of our meals were $7.57.
I could've gotten a better deal at Taco Bell.

One of my roommates used to work here, and I had been told the food is above average and better than what you pay for.
I'm here to call bulls***.
I ordered the combo with shrimp enchiladas and need taco with sides of fried potatoes and borracho beans.
The sauce was the enchilada was covered in was decent, but the filling was poor, particularly the shrimp.
I understand you get what you pay for, but this shrimp had no flavor and a slimy texture and not even a slight outer crunch.
Gross.
Potatoes had good spices, but were lukewarm and not crispy.
The beans tasted like beer, nothing else.
Also, they were out silverware.
Are you kidding me?
How does a restaurant run out of silverware.
The taco meat was decent, and the lettuce and tomatoes were fresh, but the shell was stale.
The only good thing I can say is most people were drinking margaritas, and they looked damn good.
I don't recommend this place unless you're looking to get drunk or already are drunk

I have to say Im disappointed.
I had a friend in Kansas City hype up this place and maybe thats where I went wrong.
First she said it was like a Wahoo's... Not even close!
Not sure where to start with the disappointment...first off, there was not a speckle of fuzzy dust anywhere on the chips.
Maybe thats just in KC but Im pretty sure the menu said they have this "fuzzy dust.
" The queso reminded me of the nacho cheese out of the machine at a 7-Eleven gas station.
No joke there was nothing in it.
Just this weird nacho type cheese.
The refried beans were strangely thick and oily looking/tasting.
The chicken taco wasn't bad but the grilled fish taco seemed a bit odd in consistency.
I don't know if the standards at this location are lower than others because its a college area or what the deal is...I will just leave it at that and probably wont go here even highly intoxicated.
Taco bell would probably do the trick at that point.
No go for me.
I will add that the guy working there helping us was great!
They have that going for them!
Other than that pretty big disappointment.

The staff here are very nice and polite.
They are also stretched very thin so good luck getting the time of day from someone.
While the line to order goes very quick the delivery time for your food is much lengthier than desired for the quality of food produced.
Moving on to food, they are far below the standard of lets say...McDonald's.
There is nothing wrong with this however, when you pay $8 for a plate of tacos you expect an $8's worth plate of tacos.
The food is delivered cold, the margaritas are unnecessarily over-sweetened and lack any flavor.
Summed up, if you don't mind over paying for less than mediocre food because you'd like to support local businesses then this is your kind of establishment.

If you're coming here for anything other than tacos or queso and chips you're doing it wrong.
I've tried the shredded pork burrito and shredded beef salad and been disappointed both times.
On taco tuesdays though, Fuzzys is a great deal with $1.50 tacos and $7 beer-ritas.
The tacos are pretty good but they do come with a garlic sauce that usually ask them to hold.
As for the beer-ritas the ironman is my favorite, try it if you like your drinks a bit sweeter.
Tip: Don't come here too hungry because you're almost always going to have a long wait.
If you're waiting in line though you can download the Fuzzy's app which gets you a free drink when you download it.

I'm disappointed to write this review since I have eaten at fuzzys several times over the past couple years.
This is a delivery/food quality review.
On 5/15/14 I placed an order for delivery for nachos, two chicken tacos, chips & salsa, and rice & black beans at 5:16 pm.
An hour later and still no food.
I called the manager and she told me the food was finished and waiting to be delivered.
45 minutes passed and finally the food arrives ( so my food was sitting for 30 minutes before being taken to be dropped off) yuck.
The food arrives and the nachos are luke warm and extremely soggy.
Immediately tossed in the garbage.
The chips had not been seasoned like listed in the online description.
The tortilla from our tacos fell apart from absorbing so much moisture and they were luke warm as well.
I called back and the manager said "sometime that happens with delivery" ARE YOU KIDDING ME!?
She offered no kind of apology or compensation.
Just unbelievable.
After tossing the rest of the food, my boyfriend and I both agreed Taco Bell would have been a tastier route instead of wasting 40 bucks on the half-assed soggy concoctions we received.
Never ordering from here again.
If your in the south Scottsdale/Tempe area "El Molinos" is a more reliable option for delivery Mexican.

The shredded beef tacos were absolutely to die for.
Love the cheese they add on top.
I also had a beerita and it was great.

This place is okay.
I've been here twice and the first time I came, I had tacos with a side of black beans and to be honest they came just straight of a can and were not warm.
The second time I came here, I've had chorizo, potato, egg and cheese, and it did not settle well with my stomach.
I do not know what they do behind the counter but I feel that something is going wrong.

Had the ground beef tacos and chips and queso.
Love the fuzzys dust!
Could've done with less lettuce & tomato but more meat & cheese.
Overall good food and great prices!

