This place deserves recognition for doing things a little bit differently.
It's a little hole in the wall in the middle of nowhere so you might not expect much walking in.
I don't  know how many times I have to say this but don't judge a book by its cover.
It looks like a family owned and run place --eastern european , russian or something --I don't exactly know but that's not important.
What is important is their unique menu and wide variety of choices.
I actually found myself a little bit overwhelmed when I looked at all the choices -- many of  them healthy some of them not ( this is a pizza place after all).
They do all the  unhealthy stuff that you're used to eating and craving at a pizza place but if you need to check out something a little lighter you'll be right at home.
They offer a wide variety of platters, salads, wraps quesadillas, and of course pizzas.
Many things on their menu are vegetarian, vegan, organic or otherwise health friendly but not all of it of course.
The first time I went here I tried 1 of their signature dishes-- the chicken chop.
It was brown rice, chopped chicken and plenty of fresh vegetables served over some field greens and looked kind of like a salad mixed with a chicken rice bowl.
Big old portions and quality ingredients.
I couldn't complain cuz it tasted pretty good too.
I've also had their mini chicken pizza served with mozzarella cheese, pesto and diced tomatoes on wheat dough.
A tasty and surprisingly filling treat well complimented by the side of onion rings I tried that day.
Business seems modest for this place and I don't know if they will survive.
I think it would be a shame if they went under because they bring something different to the table in a city saturated with greasy and unhealthy vices.
I really recommend you give them a shot because they at least deserve an a for effort.

I ordered a lunch special - double cheeseburger.
- I was good - the best part was the steak fries.
I don't find many place with those kind of fries.
I do have to say "what a menu" - never have I ever seen anything like it.

Dodgy location, great food!!!
Their menu is enormous, and most all of the food is health-conscious.
The pizza is divine - they use real buffalo mozzarella cheese, and the red sauce is perfection.
Pesto sauce with whole wheat pasta is another winner, and don't forget dessert!
We ordered tiramisu and strawberry crepes, which we didn't eat until the next day, and they held up really well.
All in all, if you don't mind the across-from-a-strip-club location, you will want to park in a lighted area and eat here weekly!

This restaurant has delicious and absolutely healthy food!
Amazing!
I usually get the chicken tzaziki wrap along with a papaya/peach/pine/orange/mango smoothie!
The place may be a hole-in-the-wall across from the strip club on an industrial street, but the food is a MUST-TRY!
Every time I have gone, the service was exceptional.
A family-owned business so you're always going to get a family environment feel.You may have to wait awhile for the food to be ready only because everything is freshly made!
This place is amazing!

Got some flyers from this spot at my office downtown and decided to try them out.
After checking out their lengthy menu, I went for the Lamb Gyro plate which came with fries and an above average salad.
Picked up my order and was helped by nice, pretty young lady.
Good quality overall.
I will certainly be back.

really flavorful and great selection!
Love it for a quick healthy lunch.

Great place to eat a midnight snack when you're out clubbing.

Incredible food!
A little on the pricey side, but definitely worth paying for the rare healthy meal in Vegas.
One star off for the sketchy location and touchy service...

This establishment was brought to my attention by a friend, and I'm glad that I went.
Healthy food, delicious food and beverages for a reasonable price!

This place normally has great food but I ordered the Chicken breast pita melt and it was disgusting.
After I took one bite of it I felt like throwing up.
I will order other items from them but never a Chicken pita Melt again.

We always order from here for staff lunches.
The selection is great and the portions are big.
One of the girls gets the calzone and it feeds 4 or multiple meals!
The salads are good size but would like basic salad with protein option.
The wraps are large too and very filling.
Got the hummus one and it was absolutely delicious!
One of the girls gets the chicken platter and nice size.
Another gets the gyro and enjoys it...
Sauce and all.
Must be good as the two of them always order the same thing out of their large menu!
They are always on time with delivery and very attentive customer service.
Just no 5 stars due to prices and no coupons ever found or punch card of some sort!

I recently had lunch from a new joint called Skinnyfats and it reminds me so much of Daddy's Delights back in my Zuffa\UFC days.
We ordered from there ALL the time.
When we first got their menu in our door we all got a great laugh...but after our first experience we all want Daddy.
Now, I haven't been inside the actual location, however, I've ordered delivery at least a dozen times.
Their delivery service is fast considering the great quality of food.
Their menu covers ALL bases - healthy, not so healthy, and straight grub.
PERFECT option when you work with all the different personalities - there is something on the menu for everyone.
I have a crazy obsession for their meatball parm sub.
it's awesome.
The stromboli is great too but I've also had crepes, and their salmon wrap -- all delish.
If you are lucky to be in their delivery radius, please know that I'm jealous and you'd be silly not to give them a call....
I'm not knocking driving over there and dining in... but... from what I heard from former co-workers - it's scary.

We've been receiving Daddy's Delight menu for a while now but had not ordered anything until today.
We are satisfied!
When you work downtown, there aren't many delivery options or the food is very unhealthy.
After a while you get sick of fast food as well.
Daddy's Delights did not disappoint, the food was delicious and their steak fries are to die for, there are very few places that have good steak fries.
The only negative thing is that they forgot our drinks but the delivery driver apologized and went back and brought us our drinks, that's great service!
They do care about their clients, we will definitely be ordering from Daddy's Delights again!
Oh and delivery time was less than estimated.
Thank you!

First of all I would like to start off with we order lunch from Daddys 1-3 times a week because it is so close to our office and they offer organic selections.
They are not consistent in product or service and we are no longer going to support them.
They are inefficient, rude and think they would appreciate the support of a fellow local business.
(most recently)   Last week-- I ordered a salad (from the menu) that I often order and its a surprise because sometimes I get the salad I order-- other times I dont.
Yesterday, we ordered an extra side of avocado and they sent us an avocado that was bad.
We called them and they offered a credit.
(no problem-- shit happens) but come on, really?
Today, most recently we ordered a few things from their menu and not only was the lady on the phone incredibly rude but they jack up the prices for the most random shit and they dont listen to the order.
When the (kind) delivery man came today to drop it off he noted on the receipt that the orders were wrong and proceeded to leave the right ones-- take the wrong ones and told us he would return with our full order right.
The lady from Daddys called us again-- going back over it and proceeded to flip out at us for her mistake.
The delivery man came back with nothing and we got charged the FULL amount.
SHIT HOLE.

Fantastic!
Always good quality & they have literally just about ANYTHING one could want, (from BBQ, pizza, subs, burgers,salads, soups, even VEGAN/VEGETARIAN options!
As well as a huge selection of smoothies!
) AND they deliver, until 2am!
Family-owned by obviously hard working, dedicated people.
It is a pleasure to be provided their service :)  The only negative I can say about this place is it isn't in the nicest (or easiest to navigate/locate) area or neighborhood.
If you aren't within delivery range (which is pretty huge) I recommend phoning in & picking up...... More than worth venturing out of your comfort zone, a diamond in the rough!

By far the worst experience I ever had!
We ordered food for delivery, and it was awful.
The rice had no flavor and it tasted like they put too much water on it.
The meat was horrible, no flavor and tasted kind of dry.
We called the restaurant to get credited back, and the woman who answered the phone on 9/4/13 at around 6:30pm had "0" customer service.
We have been customers there for a while, but after today we will never eat there again.
The woman spoke to my wife on the phone was just condescending and disrespectful.
Bad food and horrible service, great business model!

We order from here every Monday since it's so close to our shop.
We have been ordering from them since about July and they have only messed up our order ONCE.
People are just people like you !
Very yummy though and the menu is HUGE.

Today was my first time ordering from Daddys Delights & I have to say the food was actually pretty good!
I ordered Chicken Wings with French Fries & the wings we're delicious!
I also ordered the Vita C & it was really good!
My boss also had some the night before & he said it made him feel so much better because he was getting a cold!
They are super fast on their delivery I am very impressed!
I found it a little pricey though.

Meh.
Fish was too fishy.
Sauce that came with the fish was pretty good.
Quinoa was bland, way too watery and cold.
Mozzarella sticks were good.
Marinara sauce sucked.
Watery, too sweet, and cold.
Chicken fingers were just okay.
Very basic.
Definitely previously frozen.
The only thing I really enjoyed was their tzatziki but too bad the pita bread wasn't that great either!!
I also thought it was a bit overpriced.
I'm surprised this place has such great reviews because I didn't find anything spetacular about it!

This place was great!
My only complaint is I wish they had a location in California too!
We had looked really hard to try and find healthier food options in Vegas.
After days of eating over priced junk, we found Daddy's on our last day in town.
I wish we discovered it sooner!
The menu is amazing.
There are so many different options.
Lots of vegetarian dishes, meat for the meat eaters, great salads...
They even deliver to your hotel!
We ordered food for 5 people and everything we ordered was excellent.
The portions were great, the price was low, and the quality of the food was fabulous.
This will be the first place we eat next time we are in town!

I order my lunches from here almost everyday.
Love the healthier options and the food tastes great!

A couple days ago i ordered from daddy's and like normal was confusing.
( i order with two other girls i work with usually) we gave the credit cards over the phone, then when the delivery man was got here (who was very nice) with our food he said he had to swipe our card on his machine, and apologized for the confusion.
I got my bill and it seemed really high for just a sandwich.
my sandwich was supposedly $7.95 and my bill when he got here was $14.53, seems weird right?
well.. i asked him about it , he had no idea so i called the restaurant  to ask, the woman on the phone "maggie" was rude right off the bat, gave me the impression that she was pissed i was calling to see why my meal was so much, she insisted in telling me that she had charged my bill for deliver which she said was $2.50, Okay so i told her that still seems high to me and i said im doing the math right now and i was really over charged, she said "okay so your good?
" i said no hold on a sec, she says " okay whatever bye" and hangs up on me... so lets break down the math  Sandwich $7.95 tax (8.1%) $0.64 Delivery $2.50 ( mind you we work right across the street) literally the only reason we get delivery is because she wont take our cards if one person goes to pick it up.
so total come to $11.09  so i was right still don't know why it was $14.53... so I call back the restaurant to talk to the manager and explain the situation.
Again "maggie" picks up the phone, i asked her if her manager was there and she said no, and says that she can help me, i go on to ask her when is a good time to call back so i can talk to him or her and she continues to insisted on me telling her the problem.
First of all, i never said there was a  problem.
(guessing she knew who it was) Anyways she is completely and utterly rude to me about not being able to give any kind of information out about him or even what the managers name was.
i even asked for an email i can send of some sort.
None.
so i said thank you i will try calling back another day.
about 10 minutes later the delivery man come in with 3 dollars, said that they did over charge me, by $1.50.... uhh ya no  but i was already so tired of this i didn't say anything and he said that he double it for me.
I told him thanks and i appreciate it.
He continued to apologize for the girl who he said was "supposedly" new.
i know shes not i order from them all the time.
The service is awful there.
Point Blank Period.
I would hate to ever give them another dime of my money, since now i know she probably over charges me all the time.
Good luck to anyone with a complaint ever getting it fixed.
Maggie or whoever the women is there (i don't know if she gave me her real name) get an attitude check.
otherwise i will never order there again.

I'd give this place a 3.5 stars if I could.
a sketchy neighborhood, and slightly difficult to find, but inside is nice.
They're friendly and serve many different dishes.
We got a quinoa salad and it was above average.
Portions are not as large as others said.
Overall, a pretty good place.

Daddy's Delights is... alright.
This review is based soley upon delivery (which costs an additional $3 and is until 3am), although I can't imagine that dining in offers a much different experience.
On the plus side-- their menu is extensive.
Salads, crepes both savory and sweet, burgers, pizza, pasta, fried chicken, quinoa, smoothies, "fresh squeezed juices," gyros, grilled fish, etc etc etc.
If its 2am and you don't want pizza delivery, Daddys is great because they offer a *huge* selection of both the normal items & healthy alternatives, too.
Grilled veggies and sweet potato are always well done.
On the down side-- everything is mediocre.
Burgers are no frill, pita bread is tough, juices are watery, salmon is dry, quinoa is dry, lettuce is limp... but taking a hit for quality is something you might expect from a family restaurant who's menu is so large.
Don't expect to be excited about your order.
I feel like with a smaller menu they might be able to specialize in items instead of offering a wide variety of bland...
The delivery men and women are always very sweet, and always arrive in a timely manner.
My order has only been wrong once (a peach and papaya smoothie was red.. and watery and pulpy but thats besides the point), but besides that their operation is tight and service is friendly.
All in all, if its late night and my delivery options are slim I would order from Daddys Delights again, but the food is certainly not crave worthy.

I'm stoked to have finally found a healthy restaurant that delivers!
They offer oragnic dishes & soy cheese.
I ordered the chicken noodle soup, dieters tuna wrap on whole wheat & the cold buster juice; everything was tasty & filling.

I enjoy their vast variety of healthy options.
I religiously get the chicken platter with quinoa.
I enjoy the fact that they deliver and they are by far the healthiest option in town.
Also, their delivery rate of $1.50 is outstanding.
Why the 3 star?
It is because you have to literally  call 2 hours prior to receive it by lunch time.
They are extremely slow in delivery.

I order food from this place almost every day !!!
I love this food !!
Everything is so good.
You guys should try it !

Delicious pizzas.
I ordered a large pizza to-go.
It was so big and tasty that the whole family was enjoying it for 2 days.

Best fruit salad!!
Love the touch of coconut on top!
I got the honey on the side, I wasn't sure how much I'd like that...
The chop salad was delicious as well, lots of chicken!

Hands down the only real delivery place where you can get something for whatever mood you are in.
As someone who is very health conscious it is nearly impossible to have healthy good delivered and Daddy's has an extensive menu of great wraps, salads, smoothies etc and delivers late!

Despite the borderline-creepy name and completely lackluster interior, this place has a large menu of healthy options and meals packed with high-quality ingredients!
Went with the BF for lunch after a tennis game- shared a custom smoothie, the smoked salmon caprese salad, and Billy's wrap.
Smoothie came out first, with blueberries, strawberries, peach, and pineapple- it was a large size for a good price ($5.50), and it wasn't very sweet, which goes to show that they are serious about not adding sugar or sweeteners.
Next was the salad- it was large and tasty, with sliced tomatoes and fresh mozzarella cheese, caprese-style, on a bed of mixed greens with balsamic and smoked salmon.
Lots of flavor, fresh ingredients, tasty salad.
The caprese and salmon components didn't particularly go together, nor did the flavors complement one another, but somehow it worked as a salad.
The wrap was damn good, too: mahi mahi with spinach, sprouts, organic brown rice, feta, and avocado, served with a tangy orange sauce for dipping.
Again, noticeably fresh ingredients and packed with flavor.
For under $30, BF and I got a huge, healthy lunch.
Hoping this place does well so they can make the location a little nicer or move elsewhere- with this menu, they'd be successful: lots of variety and healthy options put them a head above a lot of other places with better locations and nicer decor.

Huge and variety selection of food.
Vegetarian, vegan and meat lover friendly!
The food has phenomenal quality and taste.
I tried the cranberry spinach salad with tofu.
I also tried the cheese pizza and it was absolutely perfect!
I was also given a free juice (all natural) called "cure" and it was surprisingly refreshing and good!
The pricing is perfect:) I wish I would've been eating from this restaurant since I arrived to Vegas earlier this week, I swear I could eat here EVERY single day.
Until next time Daddy's.. My next trips to Vegas will ALWAYS have u in my plans.

Who's yo daddy!?
This place is the shitznitz!
Where do I start just where!?
Location, the place is located right in front of a strip club (strippers get their juicing from this place to keep those curves and healthy shape) and next to some bail bond place.
The area is not lighted so well, which made me kind of uncomfortable parking my brand new vehicle there.
I'm from that CPT so I still went I've seen worse.
Upon entering, the place was empty, clean, and small.
All tables were marble rock and again the place seemed sketchy because of the silence.
Someone finally sees us and welcomes us and ask if we are ready to order, I just got here let me breathe, (i didn't say that) I told her it was our first time so we would need some time to look over the menu.
She was so nice and told us to take our time, they closed at 230am and we were there at 8pm.
The menu is infinite with items.
There are literally so many choices, I'm a meat lover and the bae is a vegetarian so it worked out.
When we finally ordered I got the gyro beef with fries, she got the cranberry salad with tofu and we also got a Quattro Formaggi pizza.
My plate, was so good!
The gyro had a fresh taste to it the fries were cooked just right and salad with feta was just phenomenal itself.
The only disappointment was the amount of gyro, I literally got 4 pieces of gyro.
Not to worry though that's why I also got the pizza!
The pizza, after taking the first bite of that pizza I went into another world.
It is just so good!
The cheese melts off the slice, they just made my night with that.
I finished my plate, but the pizza, itself was just phenomenal omg!
This place is definitely for not only vegetarians but carnivores.
You will not be disappointed.
The whole time I was there I noticed they have a lot of deliveries, because the delivery guys kept coming in and out.
With that said, I would not recommend delivery because I see the guys looking at a big map and writing down the directions.
I thought to myself, is 2013 they have to have a GPS right?
Wrong!
Seems like they don't believe in GPS because the guy spent about 15-20min looking at the map with the order of food in his hand.
I'm sure it was delivered warm by then.
There is always room for improvement that is why they get a solid 4.

Horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!
We ordered:  Fried zucchini  Mozzarella sticks Philly cheese steak sandwich  French fries Three cheese pasta Avocado quesadilla   The fried zucchini and avocado quesadilla were soggy.
The Philly cheese steak and french fries were bland.
The three cheese pasta was tasteless.
The mozzarella cheese sticks were OK. $50 for dog crap food.
Do yourself a favor and don't eat here.

Love this place!
I work the night shift and I'm always busy.
I'm also a health FREAK so when it comes to food I gotta have something healthy and delish.
This place meets all my requirement's and they deliver as well.
Try the Kabob platter with chicken.
YUMMY!

I don't know about your daddy, but my daddy never got down like this!!
Once again I am wishing for that 3.5 star option.
As the food is fresh and flavorful.
The service however, NEVER FRESH.
Or always fresh if you consider a fresh mouth by the staff!
I am not sure how long they have been off Western, in the hood.
But I do know I have ordered from here (delivery) at least 8 times in the last year, possibly more.
They have the classic pizza, wings, and subs.
But DO not waste your money on the unhealthy options.
Daddy's is here for fresh juices, smoothies, salads, vegan stuff, kabobs, and other Mediterranean health food.
I have had the chicken kabob, the chicken and brown rice wrap, and numerous different salads.
The only time the food disappointed is when I ordered pizza!
They take pride in what they're good at.
The pizza and wings are just extras for the customers that come from the strip club across the street.
Smart advertising really.
I would be willing to give this place 4 or even 5 stars if they treated people a bit better.
When rushed, the food lacks quality, or takes forever.
At least 3 times I waited over an hour for delivery.
I have never been treated with great service.
A please and thank you goes a long way.
I will be willing to up my review, if they up their game as well.

My boyfriend and I came to Vegas for a mini vacation and on a whim decided to get some pasta from this place, I ordered online to have the lasagna brought to our hotel room (we were under the impression that they would deliver it to the room) and after about a 45 minute wait I received a phone call from the delivery guy...there was a communication barrier immediately but I'm pretty patient (although it seems as though he was not).
After two minutes of him asking me what building I was in I kept saying the hotel/room number that we were staying in but he was frustrated and I finally said that I had no idea what to make of the question since my answers didn't satisfy him.
I asked if I could meet up with him somewhere in the build and to my surprise he hung up on me!
Then approximately ten minutes later he arrived at my door pasta in hand; as I signed the receipt and handed it back to him he muttered something as he walked away...I gave the food to my boyfriend so I have no clue if it's actually good, I lost my appetite.
Maybe I just happen to catch this guy on a bad day or maybe he was upset with me because I had a hard time understanding him on the phone but customer service shouldn't be sacrificed in my opinion.

Cheap compared to food prices on the strip!
I was so happy they had this here, as I was sick of eating fast food everyday.
Place is kind of hidden and run-down, but seems like a nice family owned restaurant.
The cashier was friendly and they had an incredibly wide menu selection.
I ordered the garden salad with ranch and added avocado.
It was delicious and way better than anything the strip had to offer for under $10

Ordered for delivery for myself and co-workers last week.
I love the menu and all the healthy options!
I ordered the chicken pesto platter with griled veggies and it was amazingly delicious!
The pesto was yummy and the grilled veggies were the star of the plate.
I totalled up my order including tax as not to stiff anyone and when the lady at Daddy's was done with the order mine was $5 more than I calculated.
I understand there's a delivery fee but to add $5 to one order is a lot.
It wasn't just mine either everyone's order ended up costing more than expected.
Our order was over $50 so we mentioned we saw the 10% discount online that was never credited to our bill.
So not only were we over charged we didn't get the 10% discount as promised.
The dlivery guy didn't know anything about the 10% discount or even what our bill total was.
We had to add it up here for him.
The food was good but we probably won't order from here again because it wasn't enough food for the price.
You just can't help but feeling like you got ripped off.

Great food until 2 am.
Really healthy (and other) options in Vegas basically when you want them is pretty impressive.
Everything I tried was great (salads, juices, wraps), and this is my second trip back.
Worth a regular trip even when I'm in town as a tourist for late-night munchies.

