Visited this location yesterday and I had to write a review for their awesome Baja sandwich.
It was a tad spicy (Chipotle mayo) and savory (bbq sauce).
I liked that they toast their sandwiches before handing it to you.
The guy (sorry i forgot to look at your name tag) didn't hesitate to give me veggies on this sandwich even though it usually doesn't come with any.
:)   We also order ...I believe it was the mesquite sandwich...It must've been from eating the tasty Baja that I found this sandwich to be more bland.
Service was professional.
The sandwich was good.
Can't complain but rather, just compliment.
I'll be coming back.

Never come to this location...We went twice in a week.
Poor service!!!
The guy poured the whole bottle of sauce on my sandwich by the time we reached home it was soggy on the sides and bottom!
He was pretty annoyed because we kept asking for diff stuff on the sandwich....well thats his job!
He is supposed to serve customers.
And we are paying for it, so why does he have to have an attitude?!!
GREAT!!
Not worth $8.39+TAX!!!
Seriously I am never coming back!!!
I can find a better location.

This store was clean but the people working here don't speak.
They just stand and stare off into space.
No welcome or Hello.
No what would u like?
I do believe he asked me what kind of bread and followed up with a price.
Hmmm how do they run a store with stuck up staff?
I wont return.
I will however send the husband if I want a sub.
I got a turkey and ranch it was just ok.
I could have done better by making myself one at home.
They were selfish with the meat and over friendly with the veggies matter of fact it looked like a veggie sandwich.
I am not a rabbit I eat meat thank you.

I wanted to try the new 2.99 pork sandwhich.
I was with my dad & we walked in & we weren't greated at all.
There were only two people working there & they seemed like they hated there job.
They were unfriendly & had a bad attitude.
My sandwhich was mooshy & fell apart even though it went through the toaster.
My dad wanted wheat bread but it was frozen.
So it had to get a smaller bread, the Sammie's size.
I couldn't even enjoy my sandwhich because it fell apart.
I'm trying to take a survey online to get a few sandwhich & the survey is closed.

