I've got an '06 Vespa LX150.
My Vespa mechanic back in Sherman Oaks on Ventura blvd in California recommended these guys when I told them we'd be moving here a year ago.
I was at first skeptical because they didn't have the word "Vespa" on their website.
So I called Vespa in Chandler.
BIG MISTAKE!
They ignored me by failing to call me back.
So I called up Performance Scooter and had my scoot maintenance done (which was waaaaaay overdue).
Friendly guys, excellent service.
I was in and out in about an hour.
And the labor charge was much better than the Vespa boutique would have charged.
I'm glad to give my money to a family business rather than a fancy shmancy boutique just to save face and maintain the "prestige" of keeping with the name.
Ya, so they don't have all Vepsa parts in stock.
Meh.
It's close enough to central PHX that a trip back won't be an inconvenience.
Looking forward to my new tire next week~  BTW, This didn't even FEEL like my scooter.
((note to self, check tire pressure frequently))

I would never go here again or even bother spending a penny at this establishment.
Went to 2 local scooter shops today to look at scooters because I was interested in purchasing one.
The man here was the rudest and most obnoxious person I have met in a long time.
He didn't want to give any information about manufacturers, quality, warranties, or anything.
He couldn't even be bothered to get off his stool.
When I tried asking questions, he became hostile in tone and manners.
I actually FLED this place.
Went to Scooter Invasion in Tempe and they were wonderful.
Took time to give information and brochures and no hard sell.
Didn't buy a scooter today because I was comparing models but I will NEVER GO BACK to Performance Scooter.
My money will be spent at their competitors.

I cannot comment on the service department here, as I went to do some 'scooter scouting'.
The gentleman that helped my dog and me (yes, I could take Delilah in with me) was very nice, and helpful.
He didn't know a thing about sidecars for scooters, which was a bummer, but he was friendly nonetheless.

NASTY  I have been there twice and both time they were rude and acted like I was bothering them even being there.
I would drive to Tempe or N. Phoenix even though I live in SCottsdale.
They SUCK.

great help

I was wondering if there was something about me that this guy didn't like, but now that i'm reading the reviews I can deduce that he's probably just a crotchety, bitter old man.
The two times that I've been in, the guy working there basically told me the scooter that I just bought (and absolutely love) was essentially a worthless piece of crap (I purchased it elsewhere), he ignored half my questions, and talked to me like I was an idiot.
Yuck.
I'll find somewhere else to take my scooter or just work on it myself!

Long story short , these guys are crooks.
Liars.
Greedy.
Their mothers would be (and probably are) ashamed.
If you want , Skip to the last paragraph to spoil the story and find out what to expect when dealing with them.
My Experience  I had brought my scooter in for a new intake , as mine had just fallen off while driving around town.
I didn't think it was a big deal because I knew Performance Scooter was just down the road.
I putted in and explained my situation to them.
I wanted to know my options.
The guy working there told me my scooter was just a pile of crap , and I should buy one of his.
And there was really only one option , a cheap knock off K&N filter that they will connect to a piece of rubber they chopped off some other intake that was laying around.
For $80.00 installed.
I thought this was a good deal , considering any mechanic knows if you change an intake on a motor you will have affected the air fuel mixture , and thus will need to jet the carburetor.
I didn't want to spend the time jetting the carb my self , as it would be my first time for this carb/motor and I didn't have a good baseline to start.
Also I had to be to work in about 1.5 hours.
I accepted the deal.
The guy working there told me he had just crashed pretty hard on a scooter and had broken some ribs.
So he needed me to install the intake , because he could hardly move.
I bolted on the parts he had given me.
"There!
Its going to run much better , and way faster now!
"  The man said.
"What about all these disconnected , lose , vacuum lines that are just dangling now?
What about the jetting?
And the cotton air filter is dry , it needs to be oiled!
" I replied.
His response "It doesn't need oil , it doesn't need jetting.
Its much better off now.
" I argued with him another few minutes , and decided I would leave , and try it out.
"Maybe scooters are much more simple" , I thought , and went on my way , as I was becoming late for work.
Instantly I noticed the scooter was running poorly.
I used to be able to reach 70mph , and now its topping out at 35 , and its taking forever to even get to 35.
I got to work late.
That evening after work the scooter would not start.
I called a friend and trucked the scooter home.
In the morning the scooter still would not start.
I trucked the scooter back to Performance Scooter.
They told me they would look at it and get back to me.
5 days later they called and said  "I don't know how much money you wanna put into this thing, but you can just buy a new one from me.
Otherwise you are looking at $400.00 and I don't even know if that is going to fix it.
"  I told him screw it.
Leave it outside and ill pick it up when i get off work.
I called my friend again , and trucked the scooter home.
I could tell they had actually worked on it.
The vacuum lines were all connected , at least.
I gave up on my little scooter.
I bought a new scooter (NOT from Performance Scooter!).
6 months or so pass.
My old scooter is sitting , collecting dust , and spider webs.
I had a few days off , and figured I would start messing with the old scooter , kill some time and when its all fixed ill have an extra scoot for a buddy.
I crouch down to get a better look at things and found it.
A SURGICAL CLAMP ON MY FUEL LINE!!!!
I removed the clamp and tried the starter.
IT FIRED RIGHT UP.
THE FIRST TRY , AFTER SITTING FOR 6 MONTHS!!!
They put a clamp on the fuel line so my carburetor would not get gas , and my scooter would not run so that I would pay them more for extra "repairs"!!
I was shocked!
Angry!
After all the trouble I went through.
For nothing but GREED!
Shame on Performance Scooter.
These guys should be in jail.

11/1/2012   The service is terrible and the products are so cheap!
(NOT IN THE GOOD WAY).
Those to guys are so incredibly rude AFTER you have purchased their non-refundable scooters.
Not even worth 1 star, honestly.
I bought a new scooter there which came with a 3 mo warranty, I tried to buy an extended warranty and they refused.
I should have known.
My bike, although visually appealing, is a piece of crap.
I have gotten it serviced 3 times already and it still needs work.
DO NOT BUY FROM THIS BUSINESS, trust me you will regret it.

I'm not sure if they are new owners or if the other reviews are just off or what but I had an incredible experience.
I bought my scooter used from AZ Scooter (also very nice folks), but got it serviced here at Performance Scooter (they are a few blocks from my house).
They gave it the once over, replaced a valve stem, tweaked the engine a tad, and tightened up a few things like the mirrors and were extremely nice and pleasant about the whole thing.
I think maybe folks have some unrealistic expectations when they buy a cheap scooter, and that may be at the heart of the other reviews.
Had I known these guys were just down the street I would have bought from them.
Knowing my very used (but well loved) scooter will need replacing in the next year I am definitely planning on buying from them.
They were super nice and honest about my scooter and it's condition.
For what it's worth, they gave the same assessment as the dealer I bought it from so unless they are all in cahoots I think these guys are pretty honest.

I took my daughter's Kymco here to have the exhaust pipe re-secured to the block and both hand grips tightened.
Picked it up next day and found the work to be done satisfactorily, for much less than their preliminary estimate.
That doesn't happen very often.
I was very satisfied with the service provided by this dealer.

Robert and Delton of Performance Scooter were great.
They were both friendly and attentive.
I had previously done a little research online and arrived with an interest in purchasing a new Buddy scooter by Genuine Scooter Company.
Robert patiently answered all my questions and there was never any pushy hard sell at all.
This was my first visit to this Scottsdale shop/showroom and I was properly impressed with their professionalism - professional while down-to-earth, too.
I'll be happy to be bringing my scooter back for the necessary maintenance.
These two gentlemen have earned my trust.
Delton, the shop mechanic, installed the new battery in my new bike.
And then before I got on it to take it home, he patiently went over with me the basic do's and dont's that every scooter owner should know about the care/use of their 2-wheeler - stuff like the proper type of motor oil to use depending on the season, the importance of monitoring the proper air pressure in the tires, how to use the center stand, to always check that your lights are in working order if not before every single ride then at least once a week, plus too how to start and shut off the bike properly.
Nothing overly technical - just the basics.
If you know it all already - you can just tell him so.
I see that one reviewer was unhappy that the fellow who attended to her told her that basically her scooter was essentially "a worthless piece of crap.
" Well, there are some "economically-priced" scooters out there coming from a certain part of the globe that has a reputation for shoddy quality - and if your scooter came from there, then it most likely IS a piece of crap.
It may not sound "nice" to hear, but I'd rather hear the honest, unvarnished opinion from the guy that knows what he's talking about than having him blow smoke up my @ss just to make me happy.
Being real with folks is not a crime, right?
Anyway, IMHO, you fellows at Performance are doing a good job, keep it up.

I was looking for an authorized Kymco dealer to take care of my Xciting 500Ri needs.
In this case, I needed tires.
After ordering them a week earlier, I did receive a phone call to let me know they were in.
I went in yesterday and was greeted by the two guys working there.
I felt confident in their abilities as they are both motorcycle mechanics as well as scooter enthusiasts.
I was treated fair and they communicated what was being done as I waited.
They were extremely helpful and even found a missing lock bolt that secured the front axle.
Their facility is clean, well organized and comfortable.
They spent over three hours on the bike and charged me very little for the work done.
They will always get my business as I trust their workmanship.
Especially when riding in spirited fashion!

Adam , Delton , and Robert are all incredibly helpful and knowledgeable about scooters.
I have a 1985 Honda elite that broke down earlier this week.
They towed from Peoria to Scottsdale , did the work in one day.
I broke the bank but it was well worth it.
I will be coming back for more work in the future.

