I must confess, when Po Na Na closed I cried a little inside.
One of the few Edinburgh clubs I'll still happily frequent (more of a bar guy!).
So when I heard of Lola Lo and realised it was replacing the former nightspot, I had to check it out.
Now Po Na Na would have got 5 stars from me.
The drinks were overly priced, but the music was great and the clientele laid back; a definite plus for a venue located so close to George Street.
Lola Lo is much the same.
It seems more like a change in direction rather than a change in management, the club now taking on a beach theme.
Music is similar, drinks prices are similar, layout is similar, clientele are similar.
They've even introduced a table-purchase service (£120 buys your group a table, bottle of spirit and mixers - split amongst a group of 5 or 6 that's quite a good deal).
So why the -1 star?
Never did Po Na Na ever attempt to charge the punters £10 entry on a Saturday night.
A weekend in Edinburgh can be so hit or miss these days, clubs packing folk in one week only to experience a drought the next.
There really shouldn't be a venue in town attempting a cover charge that overzealous.
Lose the pricey weekend cover charges and we have a winner.

Men wanting to go out and meet hot ladies?
Ladies wanting a good venue for a girly night out?
Even work buddies wanting a place to let their hair down after a long week at work?
Don your hawaiian shirt, put on your grass skirt and head on down to Lola Lo - please leave your coconuts at home though!
This is a great hawaiian themed beach club to shake your stuff to catchy, cheesey, classic tunes without a care in the world.
Have a few cares?
Then why not try the cocktails served in tiki glasses.
Only thing I will say is be careful.
At over £5 a drink it is very easy to spend a good percentage of the price of an actual flight ticket to Hawai!!

Meh, lola lo is just ok. Had a few fun nights here.
This is a simple list of what they get right & what they get wrong: Good - bar staff are very friendly & helpful, yummy cocktails, bouncers are surprisingly nice, decoration is beautiful (I know beach theme can look tacky but they pull it off quite well), people there are pretty down to earth for G.street.
Bad - very expensive,... £4.50 vod/mixer rising to about £7 for any cocktail, cover charge is too expensive like other poster said, music is far too quiet & last time I went music was a bit crap, dance floor is too small for this to really be a club its more like a bar with dance area, doesn't usually fill up till quite late on in the evening.
Basically I wouldn't really choose to go here, but if everyone else had already made up their mind I would tag along.

