Great locally owned family restaurant.
GREAT Cheesesteaks and burgers with ice cream for desert.
Nice patio.
Kids menu.
Try the homemade chips.

Stopped in for a cheese steak sandwich.
Not only was the sandwich excellent, home made fries and a fountain Sosa was included.
Very clean too.

Mike's in Gilbert is without a doubt the best cheese steak in AZ.
Homemade fries, chips,  onion rings,  and now sweet potaoes fries are amazing!
Great  Sevice and atmosphere.
When ur done with ur meal u can enjoy ur favorite ice cream, chocolate malted crunch, oh ya.
Mike's is now my goto place.

Mike's cooks up a really great burger and the curly fries are to die for.
Be sure to ask for jalapenos on your cheese burger for a little extra zing

Best danger cheese Burger I've ever had!

I've eaten at Mike's twice.
Tried the burger the first visit.
The burger was very good and why I gave 3 stars.
Went back to try the Philly Steak sandwich.
Just an FYI: I was born and raised in Philly and know what goes into a good Philly steak sandwich and what it should taste like.
The steak at Mike's was just fair.
Tasted a bit like roast beef.
Probably because they use prime rib for the meat.
That is not the cut of meat that is used in a Philly steak sandwich.
The meat should be either rib eye or skirt steak, shaved thin.
Besides the meat the second most important part of the sandwich is the bread.
The rolls they use for the steak are too soft and mushy.
At first I thought it was just a large hot dog bun.
It should be on a good Italian roll or baguette, crusty on the outside and soft inside.
I ordered my steak with white American cheese.
The cheese did not have much of a taste and wasn't creamy like a good brand of cheese (Land of Lakes, Clearfield) would have been.
The one thing they did right was chop the meat up on the grill.
I have yet to find a Philly steak sandwich in Arizona, that can stand up to a real Philly steak sandwich, ever since Max's Taste of Philly in Mesa closed up.

Te best cheese steak west of Philly!
Excellent fries and potato chips, too.
UPDATE:  The cheese steak is even better with the new rolls.
I tried a chicken cheese steak this week.
It might even be better than the regular cheese steak.

I've never tried cheese steaks in Philadelphia, so I cannot comment on how "authentic" these are, however they tasted good to me.
The bread was very fresh, and did not get too soggy.
The onion rings were very good as well.
I didn't get a chance to try the ice cream, but will have to next time.
The person cooking (the owner I think?
) was very friendly.
We will be back.

There are plenty of burger shops in Southern Arizona such as Culvers, Freddie's Burgers, Smash Burger, Four Brothers but when I walked in here you could tell right away that this was warm and friendly family operation that is different from the other with that non corporate ran feel to it.
I ordered the 1/3 pound burger, fries and a soda.
Since it was Tuesday we got the second order for half off, what a great deal since the burger was delicious, the fries home cooked and that one scoop hot fudge sundae (genuine thrifty ice cream) ended this as a perfect meal!
Places like this are hard to find and I would strongly recommend anyone to give this place a shot as they pride themselves on quality meats and service.
Next time in I am getting the Chicago Hot Dog for the ultimate test of their claim to the ultimate Chicago Dog.
I have a strong feeling I will not be disappointed!
Oh yeah, and that cheese steak is next on my list as well.
Comedian Jim Dale

The cheesesteak was pretty good.
The meat was fresh and tasted great.
The bread is lacking..
If they used an Italian loaf, it would be soooo much better!!
It would also be nice if they had provolone or mozzarella!
Also, having a gravy option (marinara type sauce) would be great!
I won't be rushing back here, but it was pretty good.
There still are a couple of better places in the area.
The owner was very friendly, maybe he will read these notes!

One of the best cheesesteaks I've had since moving from Philly.
And unlike other cheesesteaks I've had out here, this place doesn't skimp on the meat.
Only criticism is the bread.
Should be chewier and maybe slightly toasted.

It's not like you can find a good cheesesteak place in the valley, right?
Yeah you can!
It turns out!
Who knew!
I loved this place and the food was great!
Prepared fresh right when we ordered.
They even have Thrifty ice cream (which is the BEST) so we tried to save room for our huge scoops of that.
They explained to us what they offer and how they prepare it as well as their recommendations for us.
I had the cheesteak with onions and peppers.
They put a white cheddar cheese sauce on the bottom and then flip the meat over on top to cover it.
Oh ma gosh!
So good!
They serve onion rings or fries and also feature other food like burgers.
I haven't gotten a chance to try their other food yet but I am sure it's just as good!
The restaurant has a small patio and adequate seating inside.
It looks like an old diner or coffee shop inside.
Very cool find!
Different than your chain restaurants and great service too!

OMGOMGOMG.
So, I walk in and there are oldies playing on a jukebox!
Perfecto.
I couldn't decide on the cheesesteak or a burger, so flip of a coin in my head and burger it was.
I ordered the half pound with grilled onions and cheese.
The burger was INSANE!!!
I took a bite of the burger to decide whether or not I wanted to add the veggies.
Get away rabbit food!!!
The burger was so juicy and the flavor, THE FLAVORRR!!!!!!!
This may make sense to some  of you, the burger tasted like beef!
Like a great steakhouse steak, dry-aged type shit!!
The fries were fresh and on point.
The guy who took my order (mike maybe?
) promised a good burger, and delivered.
He promised a good cheesesteak, and I believe him.
Will def return.
Cheers!

I have eaten here a couple of times.
Each time was wonderful.
The first time I ate here, I had the Philly Cheesesteak, home made potato chips and unsweetened iced tea.
I have never had a cheesesteak sandwich in Phiiy, so I can't tell you if this is "authentic", but I can tell you that it is delicious and huge.
Although I did attempt to pick it up to eat it, the softness of the roll (my only complaint about the Philly) forced me to eat it with knife & fork.
My second visit to Mike's, I got the 1/3 pound green chili burger, sweet potato fries and iced tea.
The burger was one of the best burgers I have ever eaten.
The burger is cooked perfectly, and the green chilis give it a little bite.
This isn't "fast food", this is home made, cooked after you order it, and fixed exactly how you want it.
I have yet to have room for ice cream, but I grew up with Thrifty Drug Stores, so I know the ice cream will please any ice cream lover.

Will be back very soon!!!
Cheese steak with green chilies, jalapeno, onions, mushrooms!
His home made chips where awesome!
And the owner was very kind!

My wife says lets try something new.
Guess these guys have been here for a little while.
The Republic suggested them so off we went.
Great little corner Ice Cream parlor burger joint.
The Cheese steak is to die for!
My wife loved her burger as well everything was fixed as you ordered it!
Hot and fresh!
We will be back!

I wish i would have read the reviews because on reviewer Bobby H. nailed it right on the head.
The most disappointing part is the bread.
It does not have the ablitliy to hold up to the steaming meat causing the bread to just get absolutely soft and mushy.
A nice Italian bread is definitely in need.
Another thing needed is a good  sharp provolone cheese.
The meat is good but seems to be missing some seasoning but i'm just nitpicking here.
One major plus is that they have crinkle fries...yahoo!
It's hard to find so it's always bonus to have.

Was looking for a good burger so when we read the reviews we decided to give Mike's  a try!
Ordered the hamburger and asked for grilled onions(I like them really cooked) and they cooked them to perfection.
The Riccobono bakery bun was warmed and the hamburger was delicious!
Best Burger since moving to the Valley 12 years ago!
The crinkle fries were also cooked crispy.
Mike the owner chatted with us and we will go back and support this local business.

Have had the ice cream.
Very good.
Will try the food soon.

My sister kept saying, "You gotta' try this place, you gotta'.
"  Well I did, and I thank her very much!
I had the Chicken Philly,with everything and jalapenos.
It was AWESOME.
Great taste, hot and right now...my mouth is watering.
I will add this caveat, the jalapenos, were SPICeeeee!
Too spicy for me, so the cook took it back and dumbed it down for me.
Man, it was delicious, he was very customer service oriented and did a great job on all the food.
Amazing that they are not busier, people...go...go!
If you love a Philly, get over there!
Oh, I did have the onion rings, my nephew the fries and both were awesome.
I had to steal some fries from him (yeah, he whined) but they were great...he is slow in moving his basket...all his fault ;-)  He loved the cheeseburger he ordered too.
Forgot about that...but he enjoyed it.
They serve ice cream too.
Good place, good food and great service!

Very good cheesesteak (I had mine with onions, peppers and mushrooms).
Stuffed full of steak - they definitely don't skimp on the steak.
The flavor was great and the sandwich quite juicy - making the bread slightly soggy, but that's hard to avoid.
The sandwich did not fall apart despite a 15 minute drive home.
A very, very good cheesesteak and one of the best I've had in AZ.
The staff and owner were very friendly.
The owner handed me  my order, asked if it was my first visit and told me a few things about  his restaurant and their food and preparation.
It was a nice touch.
The place itself is quite small with a handful of tables and chairs and a small jukebox playing '60s tunes!
(The Beach Boys were playing while I was waiting).
There appeared to be small outdoor patio as well.
My only complaint would be pricing.
The cheesesteak sandwich itself was $8.49 - which is OK if it included fries and a drink.
In order to get a fries and drink with the sandwich, you have to order the combo which adds $3 to your total.
So my total for the sandwich, regular fries and drink was over $12 (including tax).
Seems pretty steep to me - and the only thing preventing me from giving the place 5 stars.
I'd like to try one of their burgers next trip - and try to keep my tab to under $10.

One of those places that teeters on good and great, but can't get over the hump due to presumably poor management.
Appearance is important when you walk into a food joint and while Mike's does have some cool stuff like the jukebox, checkered floors, catchy logo and vintage seating, they miss the mark overall.
For example, the jukebox has a stupid old sign on it that says 'don't touch'.
Come on guys, spend $5 to get a professional looking sign.
The ordering area overlooks this awkwardly large space that is sort of an unnecessary space hog in an already small restaurant.
While it is filled with some ice cream and an outdated register, from my two visits, it is mostly full of young awkward employees sort of standing around trying to find something to do.
Don't get me wrong, most of the employees really offer great customer service, but there are a couple of nincompoops in the bunch as well.
The food is good, but could be great because they use a lot of fresh, quality ingredients.
The problem is probably more around consistency because my second visit was about 10x better than the first.
They use quality beef from Midwestern Meats and all of the veggies tasted fresh as well.
The kids enjoyed the chicken nuggets as well.
Wasn't a fan of the french fries, very mediocre, nothing special.
The onion rings were a let down.
I don't know what it was, my guess is the crunch mix they use is lacking seasoning or originality.
I'll go back again for the fresh meat and the sliders, but hopefully management can get this little joint over the hump.

Super average burgers.
Not sure what all the hype is with these 5 star reviews.
Took a large family here and out of the 8 of us, 8 of us agrees it was average and In n Out or Fatburger would have been money better spent.
Skip.

I wish I lived closer to be there more often.
Great food and great service.
Owner takes great pride in his business and buys quality ingredients.
Why patronize a chain when this is available!

We happened upon this place on Friday 3/8/2013  We were actually heading to the place next door and i saw the Philly cheesesteak sign and thought why not?
Most places who serve them are typically terrible but i always try at least once.!
My husband actually thought it was pricey for a burger at  around 8 dollars but he quickly retracted it when he saw it's size.
I ordered the Philly and  my husband  the burger and it was the best Philly in AZ we have had.
The steak was so good and i don't eat a lot of red meat.
The peppers mushroom onion we perfectly cooked and the bread was so soft and held the large amount of meat and veggies pretty well.
The burger was equally delicious and very big!
The food was absolutely the freshest!
I am a native Californian and there we have lot's of burger places and in moving to Arizona 8 years ago I found there is just not  very many here and it was something i missed.
But now i have finally found a place and it is LOCAL and not a chain.
(Besides Joe's farm grill which we enjoy but the lines are just way too long and it is pricey )The owner Mike is very inviting and he makes you feel like you have always known him.
He knew it was our first time and he brought us our food and told us a little bit about the restaurant and how he gets his meats & bread and told us everything is freshly prepared  which was totally evident!!
He  actually made our lunch which we really loved!
We are heading back tonight for dinner this time with our children and i can't wait for another Philly cheesesteak or a Burger and some onion rings and not to forget the wonderful banana split my hubby had.
I love the variety of ice cream flavors especially Double chocolate malted crunch ( Thrifty's ice cream flavor )   I never post reviews but had to for Mikes Burgers and Cheesesteaks because it was so wonderful.
Try it you won't regret it.

Mike's is a great place for a Philly cheesesteak!
The owner is a nice guy, we see & talk to him each time we go in.
I lived in Philly for a while and I've been looking for a place that could serve a Philly up the way I had it back then, Mike's got it covered.
The prices are good and and he really works hard to make his customers happy.
The Philly is a good size and fills me up so much that I can barely touch the fries.
I recently discovered their onion rings and added them to my list of cravings.
Then they've got some good ice cream to satisfy our sweet tooth.
I've lost track of the times that my husband has brought Mike's home.
Their Philly's do great as take out, they don't get mushy after the car trip home (we're about 5 miles away).
Enjoy!

Quality of cheese steaks is good and the ingredients for both the steaks and salads are equally good, for me.
I only have one problem which is why it is given only 3 stars and that has to do with the cleanliness of the restaurant and my observations of some techniques used in the kitchen and that can be observed while sitting inside the restaurant.
The windows have probably not been cleaned for a while now as there were dead "gnat like"  insects lining the ledges and near the two tables which are arranged alongside these ledges that I have observed between a visit several days ago (Mar 12, 2013) and my current visit on March 14, 2013).
Since doors are open many times during this time of year, specifically, it may prove to be a non-issue, as the days increasingly become warmer.
I did observed the staff handling the lettuce, onions and other ingredients by hand.
(Note:  Even if a staff member, cook or the preparation staff uses the restroom and washes their hands, for example, touching any community surface(s) or  the door handle to that restroom, and after washing your hands, ultimately cancels out the hand washing benefits.
Touching doors and surfaces and then preparing things like salads, or touching rolls used for sandwiches is obviously an oversight but still poor habits for an food preparing establishment.
I usually rely on the fact that the meat inside is cooked sufficiently with the onions that there will be no apparent issues upon devouring it as a sub!
To date, I hesitate to go back but I have done so due to the cooking effect (heat) and quality of the hot subs offered.
I hope the owner or manager reads these comments because I would have loved to have given 4 stars on this restaurant; however, hygiene is as important as the product taste at the end of the day.
Food illness is very serious and no one wants to play Russian Roulette with a meal's contents and rely on any external effect to correct the deficiency that can be eliminated upfront and in the first place.
Barring the issues described and/or observed above, a 3/5 star rating seems to match well with my experiences here.

Two burgers, one water over 16.00.
Food beyond avg, could name a dozen better places!
Wanted to enjoy it, but didnt.

You'd never know it from looking at the place, but these guys put together a very good Philly cheesesteak.
Warm quality bread, and a ton of beef, with tasty peppers, onions, and cheese - in the top 3 or 4 cheesesteak sandwiches that I've had.
Onion rings were pretty good as well.
It looks like it's just a fun little corner ice cream shop that happens to serve food as well, but they definitely know how to make a cheesesteak.
Burgers are supposed to be good as well - I don't get to this side of town that often, but if I make it back, I'll have to give that a try.

My fiance and I had just gotten back from Cancun and were in the mood for a burger so after looking through some reviews we happened on this place.
Burgers were good, chips were crispy and the fries were alright.
Next time I will try the cheesesteak.

Great little pit stop on Gilbert rd.
Tried the 1/3 lb.
burger, onion rings, fries, and choc.
milkshake.
All were exceptionally great, although I think the rings were better than the fries.
The one thing I liked about the burger is that it's not too greasy.
Unfortunately I didn't get to try any of the ice cream, but wouldn't doubt its wonderful flavor.
Whenever you're near this area, why not make it Mike's?

Fat kid food heaven!
Best Philly Cheesesteak I have ever had.
Roll was incredibly soft.
Ice cream shakes are amazing.
Huge selection of ice cream.
Onion rings are amazing.
Only thing bad I can say is the restroom was mediocre clean at best.

AMAZING cheesesteaks!!!
They are huge, tons of cheese, pick your topping.
So good!
These are addicting and I will be coming back again.
It's a great find in Gilbert Town Square and it's so nice to find something other than McDonalds and other fast food chains.
Give it a shot!

Summary: If you want a good old fashioned burger go here!
My wife and I recently moved to Arizona and have been craving a good cheeseburger.
You know, the non fast food kind.
The kind that tastes like an old fashioned mom-and-pop-joint burger should taste.
We decided to stop at Mike's more or less randomly because my name is also Mike (so naturally we had to try it).
Needless to say, we could not have been more pleased with our little adventure.
As soon as I walked in and saw the juke box and the old-school menu board I knew we had found a winner.
The worker was super nice, took our order, and threw in 2 free drinks because it was our first time!
We each got a burger and a side of fries.
The bun was fresh, toasted, soft, and way above your average mass produced white bread bun.
The meat was excellent.
You could really taste the freshness in the patty and it was cooked to perfection.
Even the fries were tasty!
(I saw the worker bring out a cheesesteak to someone while we were waiting for our food and I will be returning soon).
You can tell Mike's uses really fresh ingredients, including the meat, and knows how to cook a top-notch burger.
Give it a try!

Best Burgers!!..
The bacon is thick, the burgers are huge & taste great.
Every time we have been there everyone has been friendly & helpful.
Love this place

Only been one time, but it's safe to say I had an above average experience!
I ordered the half pound Jalapeño Jack burger with a side of onion rings.
The burger entailed a perfect spice, high quality meat (from Midwestern meats), and flavorful cheese.
The onion rings were really great too!
Decent portions here, I was definitely full.
My only problem is that my bill was $11 and change.
A bit pricey for a no frills in and out styled place that caters to those who need a quick bite to eat after work or another event.
I didn't even order a drink, mind you.
Regardless it's but a minor set back in what was a really solid burger!
I'd recommend it to others.

Excellent homemade burgers.
Great portions for the price.

NOT BAD , But not as good as fuddruckers...I was pleased to not have to drive 10 miles to fuddruckers

Wow  the food is fantastic,  my wife adn I had the cheesesteak   it melted in your mouth  the bread was perfect  toasted on the inside just enough for the crunch but soft on the outside.
The owner offered to help us order since my wife was on crutchs so we didnt have to stand at the counter.
Our kids joined us about 5 minutes after we ordered and they made sure all our food came out together and it was perfect.
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great meal.

We came here for lunch the other day because its right by my work and our school is doing an ice cream fundraiser here.
So we thought we give this place a try.
The owner was very friendly and helped recommend some things to eat.
I ordered their Philly cheese steak with mushroom, green chili and jalapeños and my boyfriend got the cheeseburger and fries.
Since it was our first time there he gave us a free drink which was nice.
The food tasted really fresh and the cheese steak I got was so good.
Probably one of the best cheese steaks I've tried so far in Arizona.
The bread was soft and not to hard and the meat was flavorful.
My boyfriend also enjoyed his cheeseburger because it wasn't greasy.
The owner also came to our table before he left to check on us and to see how the food tasted.
I would defiantly recommend this place and will be coming back.

Great cheesesteak.
My oldest son, who's never tried one, said, "this is the BEST!".
My other son said, "these sliders are like GOLD on a plate" and my wife liked her bacon cheeseburger.
Good, friendly service too.
Mike's a nice guy and makes some good food.

Great place.
Owner represents well.
Ordered the Philly with jalapeños, mushrooms, red and green peppers!!!
Bread is delivered daily.
Very impressive.
We will be back.
Lots of ice cream choices!
Not a lot of seating but very friendly staff.
My wife's response is "I've found my new sandwich place!

AMAZING GREAT cheese-steaks!!!
They are huge for the price, tons of meat, pick your topping.
So good!
I'll be coming back again.
It's a great find in Gilbert Town Square and it's so nice to find a business that offer a great sandwich.
** Remember Mike to fuse the roll with the meat & cheese on the grill so the roll get hot.
The best in east valley compare to others here on the east side.

I ordered the cheesesteak w/ onions and peppers.
It was really good, especially compared to Charleys or other fast food chain style that are microwaved.
I havent had a cheesesteak this good in a very long time.
This came off a real cooktop!
Good thing I was hungry, I was able to down the whole thing.
My wife got the chicken sandwich w/ pepperjack cheese.
It didn't look to spectacular, but she said it was tasty.
Thirfty Brand ice cream.
Lots of flavors.
Big plus!
The decor is like a 50's vibe, old jukebox, black and white checkered tile, red accents.
Guy really cares about the food and making people happy.
Was pretty empty on a sunday around noon, everyone must still be in church!
The kid who took my order was super friendly, explained their popular items and was polite.
The owner?
checked on us once the food was out to make sure everything was okay.

Amazing food: they have the best cheesesteaks in town.
You have to try the sweet potato fries.

The meat really is the main attraction at this homage to the '50s.
You get a friendly greeting when you walk in the door (typically from mike).
Weather you get a cheesesteak or a burger it is always cooked to juicy perfection.
The onion rings are great too.
You order at the counter and get your own drinks but the staff delivers your food (in about 10 minutes), always makes sure it is right and good.
They also are do gooders - participating in meal match.org and I have seen them get involved with school fundraisers too.

Hard to find a place where the owner comes out and greets you if he's there and it's your first time there.
Very friendly and very good at recommending foods.
Great music too.
The FOod was delicious.

Seen this place on yelp for awhile but finally have them a try with my mom and husband today.
We ordered a little bit of everything.
Cheesesteaks, wings, onion rings, chicken nuggets, and fries.
You definitely get a lot of food for your money.
The cheesesteak was overloaded with chopped prime rib with the right amount of onions.
The bread was the perfect consistency to hold all the meat without making it soggy at all.
Wings were delish and crispy.
Fries and onion rings were good.
I believe the onion rings were beer battered.
Overall really tasty.
Best part is you have to save room for dessert because they serve THRIFTYS ice cream!!!
My ultimate fav!

Best cheesesteak in town!
I have tried Gxxxxs and they don't come close to Mikes.

Went here while my parents were visiting...had some of the best cheeseburgers and cheesesteaks I've ever had!

Great place, arguably best hamburger in the Phoenix metro area.
Great place for the kids with Thrifty ice cream.
Try the cheese steak sandwich.
Great place highy recommend.
Mikes a great host

This place is great I wish I lived closer I would come more often the staff was great it was my first time took the time explain everything to me and even recommend to me what I should get I had Chicago dog it was awesome hands down 6stars out of 5

We hadn't been in a long time and I regret that...  Got my wife the beef cheesesteak with all the fixings and it was awesome.
Fully loaded, fresh bread and a ton of delicious fries..
I got the half pound bacon cheese burger and sweet potato fries.
Also delicious.
Mike the owner is super nice and literally asks each guest as they walk out how their meal was.
And also thanks them for coming in.
Great Place, great food.
Go there!

We came in towards closing one night and were greeted with friendly smiles and conversation from Mike (the owner).
We told him it was our first time in and he was more than happy to go through the menu with us and proceeded to tell us his restaurant is known for their cheesesteaks.
The rumble in my stomach and the smells of meat cooking got me to order one immediately with peppers, onions, mushrooms and cheese.
We were told it would be about a 10 minute wait and were given complimentary fountain drinks in the meantime.
We were also told the restaurant is getting painted and having some minor renovations to look less like an ice cream shop (ie: checkered floors, ice cream pictures posted, etc.).
Place is cute with toys and candies for kids and a Coke machine with glass bottles.
When our food arrived, the cheesesteaks were huge and overflowing with meats and toppings!
The bread is heavenly mixed with the tender meat, veggies and melting cheese, WOW!
I was super hungry and could barely finish the cheesesteak!
This is definitely the right place to go if you are hungry and in need of good food!
Oh, and I did get some ice cream to go (chocolate brownie) and that was also good.
I could have done without the walnuts though.
Will be back and lucky for me it's so close to home!

I went to Mike's to try their cheesesteaks, and I was pleased.
The bun and meat were all very good, seasoned well and juicy.
Had provolone, onions, mushrooms and jalapenos on it and was very tasty with just the right amount of heat.
Onion rings and fries were good too.
At this point the only two places in the valley I would eat a cheesesteak is Mike's and Capriotti's.
Wife had fish and chips and was also good...much better and cheaper than nearby full service restaurants charging twice as much.
Had some yummy ice cream to finish it off.
Only complaint was the tables were dirty (previous diners left a mess behind).

First timer.
Had the cheesesteak.
Was juicy and d-ish.
Next time I'll have it with the green chili.
Mike was helpful with suggestions.
Highly recommend!

It's a shame- the burgers are actually good but I can't get over seeing the employee scoop my fries with his bare hands.
Ewwww.
Luckily, I said something & got new, untouched fries but can't shake the image

My first time in and the owner took my order and was extremely nice.
I placed a to go order and he gave me a free drink while I waited.
I ordered a cheesesteak and fries.
The sandwich was awesome and the fires where still crispy even after a 10 minute drive back home.
I definitely recommend this place and will going back very soon.

We were just browsing through yelp one night looking for a place with good burgers.
We stumbled upon Mike's and decide to give it a try.
Upon arrival we were promptly greated by the friendly staff.
We ordered a cheeseburger, cheesesteak, and chili cheese fries.
They also serve thrifty/riteaid ice cream!
Honestly we didn't think much or have any expectations for this place.. but boy did they give us a suprise.
Cheeseburger- the most moist, perfectly cooked, delicious burger I have had in the east valley!
I even liked it better than Rehab burger.
My boyfriend agrees!
Cheesesteak-  Theres something about that fluffy buttery bread they put everything in.. grilled onions and cheese so good!
The beef was so tender too!
Chili cheese fries- this was the only thing I didn't really like because they used nacho cheese/ cheese wiz on top.
I think this is personal though, I am really not a big fan of none stringy cheese.
The fries were good though!
The only thing I wished for here was for their cheese to be stringy!
But other than that you have a great place to bring kids!
Awesome food and ice cream!

Do not eat here it took 20 mins to get the food to us and our fries were cold.
The chicken wings looked like a snake sheading its skin.
The ketchup tasted like shit.
DO NOT FUCKING EAT HERE!!!!!
I would give -5 stars if i could my.
2 year old nephew was throwing his food away before we were even done eating the "food" (if you can call it food) wont go back if they offer to pay me

Wow!
Wanted a burger and got even more.
Great burgers and cheese steaks.
My wife and had a great customer experience and will be bringing our friends back with us

We passed by this place a few times and finally decided to give it a try.
We are so glad we did.
We ordered bacon cheeseburgers and they were out of this world!
I am so sorry we didn't go here sooner.
I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu.

Love this place took my fiancé to this place for a quick bite also brought the dog.
owner let us know it's a dog friendly patio and the burgers where awesome great service and awesome fries great place for cheap date night ....

Joni and I were in Gilbert to scope out the real estate in the area.
We decided to go around and check out some of the eating establishments.
We were not hungry at the time and just wanted to see the menus to see what was available.
Stopped by Mikes Burgers and were greeted by Mike the owner.
We chatted a bit and after a little conversation decided that it would be a good place for some good ole American food.
A couple of days later we stopped in for some cheese steak sandwiches and were amazed at how good they were.
The rolls were great and the steak was piled up to the ceiling.
We are moving from Colorado to Gilbert and are very pleased that we have a place to go for our cheese steak fix.
I have not tried the burgers yet but I will bet they are great too.

The best cheese steak around.
The portion sizes are ginormous,  could easily share a sandwich.
The bun is soft and the meat is so tender.
We also ordered chicken wings and the have to be the largest wing size around.
If you're craving a hearty steak sandwich this is the to check out.
We had no idea they serVed thrifty ice cream too.
We may come back just for ice cream.
Very pleased with this Mike's cheese steak.
Only suggestion is to see them clean their rest rooms and add a mirror in the ladies room.

Amazing food!
Had a cheese streak with fries and it was amazing.
I loved the look and atmosphere plus the music is great.
Good eats and good times.

We got  the philly cheesesteak and the jalepeno jack burger.
Both were cooked to perfection and delicious!
We also got the fries and onion rings and they were both great too.
Everything was cooked fresh to order and everything was fresh tasting.
I would highly recommend mikes and we will for sure be back soon.
Great service to go with the great food!

We like to support locally owned businesses as much as possible and this is the reason why.
We were greeted by the owner and he explained the menu and our options.
He made it known that he uses only fresh, quality ingredients.
Pops and I each got burgers and fries...both we cooked perfectly and taste awesome.
Next time we're going to try the cheesesteaks.
You can tell when someone puts their heart into their craft and that makes all the difference

First time at Mikes, I ordered a beef cheesesteak sandwich & a drink, since it was my first time, my soda was free!!
My sandwich was worth every penny!!
I have that feeling of being full, but can't stop eating cause my sandwich is so good!!
Keep up the amazing food!
I will be back to try new things and have some ice cream too!

Cheesesteak was very good, lots of cheese and LOADED with good, tender beef.
A little bready, but the bread is darn good too.
Onion rings were a disappointment.
Appeared to be from frozen prefab, a touch greasy, but with a decent crunch and the onion didn't pull out on the first bite, so OK.
I'll try fries next time.
Overall a good sandwich.
Good service too.
Just two young guys, maybe even teens, running the whole show on a Sunday night as far as I could tell.
Quick to take the order and then run it out right to the table.
I'd definitely give it another shot, the sandwich really was damn good.

Sunday lunch with a buddy.
I ordered the build-your-own cheesesteak and onion rings on the side.
Buddy ordered the 1/2 burger with bacon, 'shrooms and fries.
Guy behind the counter was friendly and tossed in free drinks given our first visit there.
(thanks!
)  About 20 minutes for the food but we were told beforehand which was nice.
Worth the wait though.
Cheesesteak had good flavor and was served hot -- the aroma was worth the visit itself upon serving.
Onion rings were good but I'd order cheese fries next time.
My buddy devoured his burger and fries without saying much as he was focused eating and that is a good thing!
Good eats were had and I'll be back upcoming.
Recommended.

I checked this place out for the first time with the man.
I think this is just a locally owned burger place.
The burgers were spot on, so fresh and tasty.
Not only are the patties hand pattied and delivered daily from a local meat company in Mesa, but they are reasonably priced.
We went on a Wednesday and they had a special going where you could get a $1.00 ice cream with any meal purchase and if I remember correctly, Phillies were a $1 off too.
The ice cream was super tasty.
I've never heard of the Thrify brand but wow...creamy and delicious!
I think the owner was doing the cooking and he actually came out when we walked in and explained the menu to us and gave me his recommendations when I asked.
Everything is made to order and I love how fresh everything was.

Food was terrific!
The bun my cheese steak was on was very fresh.
Waited about 15 min before our food came out, which was a little frustrating but like I said, food was terrific.
Will be back.

The Family and I love going here for dinner.
My favorite is the cheese steaks!
I am a fan of the cheese steak and it is hard to find a good one.
Mike has found the secret combination.
I would recommend you try it out if you enjoy a great cheese steak,  My son loves the kids sliders!
Great family owned business!

Food is great, and staff is really friendly.
I had the bacon cheeseburger with fries and a drink.
The price was reasonable, and on top of that, I also received an additional 10% off for being a business owner.
I am definitely going back to try the cheesesteak which looked amazing!

Went in with my cousin he got a burger I got a cheesesteak and we both spent most of the night in the bathroom...food was not good!
They make a much better burger 2doors down from mikes at phonicia....

I've been here several times for ice cream and food.
Always a great experience.
I would highly recommend.

I am sitting in here for the first time and I haven't eaten anything yet.
I will say based on how filthy this place is, I won't be returning.

One of my favorite places to eat!
At my work we do a Wednesday Cheesesteak run at least once a month!
We give Mike a call, each steak is ordered different.
We arrive to freshly Cooke steaks, boxed and ready to go, each labeled so there is no guessing which is which.

This place is by far the best burgers in town.
I would put this place up against any burger joint, any day hands down.
Mike really knows how to make a great burger.
5 stars!!

I really liked this place!
Boyfriend and I went for lunch and it was good.
Nice decor, kind of a 50's ish feel and clean.
Mike was there cooking and is friendly.
I hope this place sticks around :)

