*UPDATE April 30, 2013: This review was written when this was still Saturn of Scottsdale, so it does not apply to the current business*  This is a review of parts and service only, as I've never bought a car here.
The parts counter has all the basic stuff for the Astra, but I have had to order quite a bit of stuff, such as wiper blades and the cabin air filter.
But when I do have to order stuff, they have always had it in within two days.
I also have quite a few miles on my Astra already, so I'm going to be replacing wear parts on the car a bit faster than others.
There's also not that many Astras on the road, so I wouldn't expect them to have a huge parts supply on hand.
Parts for the car are reasonably priced, especially considering most come from Germany (and come with Opel/Vauxhall logos on them), and you can't get most of the parts at your local auto parts store (the only parts I can find at my Autozone are the spark plugs).
Whatever I can't do at home, I'll take it in here.
Service is always friendly, as you would expect from Saturn.
I do recommend making an appointment, but if you are just doing a basic oil change or something, you might ask if you can bring it in immediately.
If they can fit you in, they will.
If they can't get you in the same day, they'll usually have something the next day.
Saturdays tend to fill up early, though.

Run, do not walk, from these guys.
I sent a request for quotes to area dealers (via online services like pricequote and invoicedealers).
The first problem was that I started getting duplicate emails with c'mons.
And then I received emails from Tonelli.
Then John Lloyd.
I'd ask one a question and the other would reply "when will you be coming in?
"  When I finally received a quote from them, it turned out they quoted last year's price.
(cough... our real price is way over what other dealers quoted.).
I heard Earnhardt has a bad reputation for playing games like this.
It came as no surprise when I experienced it.

Car dealerships tend to get bad ratings.
They are well known for their pushy sales and secret tactics- no doubt about that.
I purchased my Hyundai when this dealership was under different ownership.
The sales process was like any other dealership.
But I know what I'm doing and knew what I wanted.
I love my vehicle.
Service dept used to be great.
They had a service director there (Tim) who was excellent and worked as an advisor for years.
Now I go in for warranty work and they simply don't treat you with the respect I used to know.
They have good points but bad ones too.
Even an oil change takes forever !
No dealership is great but the service dept is what keeps a customer a customer.
Unorganized and have an attitude.
I would be even more mad if it wasn't warranty work and it came from my pocket.
Sadly it seems like other local Hyundai service depts are this way too.
Infiniti, Acura, honda are all excellent in the service dept.
Earnhardt Hyundai needs to take lessons from them.

= = = = =NEW CAR BUYING EXPERIENCE  = = = = =   After a lot of wonky research & test driving, I selected a certain new Buffetmobile, which of course turned out to be so rare that there was only one in the whole Valley that had the equipment I wanted, in one of my color choices.
Rep Sean Pieper here lassoed it in here for me from another sales lot to come see & possibly buy, without me having to come in, put up a deposit, or anything.
This was already a great start!
At my request, he also emailed me a real out the door price offer for the car, which wasn't too far off from what I wanted to pay.
Another big plus!
(I had also made contact with a number of other Hyundai reps around the Valley asking them for a REAL price offer for this car.
They all agreed to send me an out-the-door price, then half of them didn't!
POOF!
NO SALE!
)    Ok, so I whipped over here & found both Sean & Finance Manager Ian Parker to be very easy to do business with.
I was able to negotiate a very fair final price for the car, & there was no sales pressure or dog & pony show at all.
It was all very pleasant & they even delivered the car to my house with a full tank of gas!
I love my new "Tex Earnhardt" Hyundai & the buying experience I had here with Sean Pieper, "and that ain't no bull"!
:-))

I recently purchased a new Sonata, and was blown away by how easy and pressure free the experience was.
James O. was my sales guy- awesome, solid guy!
I will definitely recommend working with James in the future.
Oh, and they were more than fair on my trade in!

It did not take long for this dealership to respond to my review - less than 2 hours, which is impressive.
After speaking with the general manager, the dealership is making an effort to resolve my complaints.
If everything is resolved accordingly, I will upgrade my review and feel better about recommending this dealership in the future.
I have upgraded my review from 1 to 2 stars, for now.
Updates: 1.
PAYMENT: Another miscommunication - resolved to my satisfaction 2.
ATTENTION TO DETAIL: Name and address are now correct, but it is not evident where this error happened or how.
All of the paperwork at the dealership had the correct information.
The ball was dropped somewhere between the paperwork leaving the dealership and making it to Hyundai Finance.
It is correct now, so the issue is resolved, though I am still unsure of how the error ever occurred.
SERVICE: appointment is scheduled, will update if a resolution is reached 4.
SALES: I still stand by the overall customer experience I had, which was excellent, friendly, and professional.
I am not aware of any fault on the "sales" side for the issues I have encountered.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I gave this dealership a chance, but I feel compelled to review my experience based on my experience over the first month and a half of ownership.
I would never, not ever recommend this dealership to anyone,but especially  not to a first time car buyer.
I do not know quite where to begin, but here are the biggest issues I have experienced since purchasing my vehicle: 1.
PAYMENT - The biggest, and most important.
I was told explicitly that my first payment would not be due for 45 days.
I have received no information regarding payment up to this point, and I called the dealership with no return phone call, so I took it upon myself to look up what was owed on the car and when my first payment was due via the Hyundai Motor Finance website.
Well, the first payment was due 21 days ago - I received no statement and no information regarding a payment (which as already stated, I did not expect to be due until April), and the second one is due next week!
So, I called the corporate office, and this leads me to my second problem with this dealership... 2.
ATTENTION TO DETAIL- Why?
They spelled my name wrong when the car was registered with Hyundai; they put my address from a year ago when my correct address was clearly on my license, they put an incorrect phone number, and they did not send the terms of my agreement to HMF- when pressed for detail about what makes up the payment, there was no information available.
I have not received any written communication from the dealership or from HMF about payments that were due, which could be explained by the fact that they pulled an old address from 10 months ago, but I am still having my mail forwarded, so I am not going to give them any allowance for not even sending me a statement now for two payments.
SERVICE - The service team is professional and friendly, but they told me I was crazy (in a nice way) because I have now complained to them twice about the bluetooth function in my car not working.
Calls get dropped on the bluetooth repeatedly, but the call is still active on my phone.
I even took my  phone to Apple to get it replaced, and the bluetooth still fails on me repeatedly.
But, since they could not figure out what causes the drops, they were unable to fix it.
This is a brand new, 2013 model - the car has less than 1000 miles on it, but I am the one that is crazy and its the phone's fault, not theirs.
The car also had a vile burning smell for the first two weeks I drove it, but I was told this could not have been the case, nothing burning in the car.
OK...I said there is a problem, they say there is no problem.
Not sure how to handle that.
SALES - The sales team is VERY good at what they do: eloquent, friendly, accommodating, but they do not have your best interest in mind.
I am an engineer for a software company, I am certainly not a stupid person, so I am well aware that they have to make money.
But the "miscommunications" are so rampant at this point, I do feel I have been taken advantage of- or at least misdirected.
I will never purchase a Hyundai again, but more importantly, I would NEVER recommend this dealership to anyone in the Valley...they are professional and friendly, but more than anything they are deceitful and have no mind for detail, only to move cars off their lot.
I am positively furious about the treatment I have received thus far.
I cant wait to put this whole negative experience behind me.

After a lot of looking I found a car I was interested in on their website.
I called and set up an appointment to look at it.
After the long drive out from Goodyear I was really hopeful that I would like the car.
When I arrived it was nice of them to offer some water before my test drive.
They pulled the car around and sent me on my way.
I like this no pressure experience because it really gives you a chance to check out the car.
Once back at the dealership they worked out the deal I asked for with no haggling which was great.
At that point I decided to return with my husband to make sure he liked the car as well.
When we got back once again we took the car out with the same results.
No pressure just super friendly service.
We decided we wanted the car.
Everyone was great from our sales person Jon-Erik to the finance guy Ian.
This was by far the easiest most laid back purchase I have had.
I would definitely return for another purchase.

I just bought a 2012  Hyundai Sonata Hybrid   on May 10 from Earnhardt--   The MSRP for this car is approx $28,000.
My salesman James Orosco  asked me  "are you a veteran"  which I am-- he said bring in your  discharge papers and we can sell you one of these for 22,000--  Needless to say I bought it and He is one on the most helpful--  non pressure car salesmen I have ever dealt with.
I love this car---  If you swapped out hood ornaments and logos   you would be hard pressed to tell the difference be this and  Lexus  (which would be $15,000 or $20,000 more)

My husband used to sell cars for a living so we are really picky about how we are interacted with and sold to.
While it felt like it forever to get the process moving, it was a mostly pleasant experience without a ton hard sell add-on bull.
The car was exactly as they described on the phone and we couldn't be happier with the overall experience.

They were very friendly and helpful.
I was pleased with my experience.

I called this dealership repeatedly , 3 times and have never gotten anyone from the service department on the phone to pickup.
I even called back once and connected to the sales department (they picked up, surprise) and spoke with someone, I  expressed my frustration in trying to get through to the service department and no call back.
Her response was that they are probably driving someone back and if I leave a message someone will get back to you.
Ok i left a VM, Well 2 days later and no response.
Do yourself a favor and call Chapman Hyundai, always get a live body and yes!
they call you back.
How these places stay in business is beyond me...

= = = = =  SERVICE DEPARTMENT EXPERIENCE  = = = = =  When I bought my new Hyundai here last November I raved up my buying experience (original Review below), but this whole business runs like a Swiss watch so it's time to make some noise for their Service Department!
Here's how it was for me today, for example:  *  I called my very friendly Service Manager Mike Southern & explained that I didn't have an appointment but that early this afternoon would be a convenient time to bring my car in.
He said to come on in then & they'd get right on it!
(When's the last time you heard THAT anyplace else?
)  *  So I drove over for a great lunch down the street at Indian Paradise & then on in for my service.
They went to work on my car right away while in the waiting area I relaxed in a big leather chair with a cup of delicious coffee & an awesome Chocolate Chip Cookie.
Also available was their great theatre-style popcorn, other cookies, donuts & more...  all free.
Yum!
:-)  *  In not much more time than it took to eat my snack, my car was ready, & WASHED!
On top of everything else their service prices here are reasonable, especially for a new car dealership, with coupons they email their customers at the right time.
5 STAR SERVICE, JUST LIKE THEIR SALES!
:-))

I came here over the weekend (Labor Day weekend) to help a friend check out a car she has been eyeing for a while.
Let me first preface this by saying, I personally dislike going to a car dealership.
I think most people can agree, that you tend to feel like you have to constantly bat away persistent car salesmen, and you leave feeling frustrated.
Enter: John Lloyd, the Internet Manager.
My friend had been in contact with John over the phone to inquire about a specific car so we asked for him by name.
He immediately came out with a smile and offered us water.
Without hesitation he immediately took us to the car (having remembered the exact car she wanted) and we took the test drive.
I think the best thing about John is that you immediately feel at ease around him.
He was super conversational and took a legitimate interest in both of our lives, and more specifically the needs of my friend.
After the test drive, comes the numbers.
Typically, the most stressful of entire process but, John was able to walk us through everything, work with her budget and in the end came out with a solution that  worked.
My friend even had some pretty tricky obstacles to overcome, and John went over and above to find solutions to every single one.
I can't leave out Ian, the Finance guy.
What a character!
He made us laugh the entire way.
He took the time to walk us through everything in a way that we both walked out of there feeling good about the deal.
On the other side of the process, I can truly say that it was as enjoyable as a car buying experience could be.
I can't speak for my friend but, I felt like the team did an amazing job treating us both with respect, and giving my friend a fair deal.
John also gave me a few tips on handling a situation with my own car - and even gave me the contact information of someone that specialized in my vehicle.
Skip the other dealerships - come here first.

Today we picked up a car which we'd arranged to buy on Monday but which they had to get from another dealership.
This purchase had been the nicest experience we have ever had when purchasing a car.
We'd been to several other dealerships Monday morning and were headed to Costo for a hot dog lunch when we found we were passing the Hyundai dealership and decided to kick their tires!
It was probably about 12:30pm.
A guy in a lavender shirt was standing outside and greeted us as we approached the door.
He smiled and asked what we were looking for and we said we didn't know anything about Hyundais and were looking for a small, has efficient car.
He walked us through a couple and then suggested that we drive one.
He was friendly, fun, and truly knowledgable.
Julian Foldes, by name, became our new best friend.
My husband gave him a REALLY tough time on the price and by the time we decided that this was the car we wanted it was about 2:30 and Julian had a couple guys go to Costco and pick up hot dogs for us!!!
Can you imagine?
And today when we picked up the car, he went through all the bells and whistles so that we know how to operate the vehicle!
HE's THE MAN you want to deal with.
Kudos too Julian and thanks as well.

I just leased a 2013 Sonata Hybrid Limited from this dealership yesterday, and received wonderful service!
I went in last week to take a look at my options since my current lease was coming to an end.
At first I didn't even consider the hybrid and was instead interested in the SE model.
I met with James who was very knowledgeable and not pushy at all.
I told him I of course had to talk with my husband and bring him back and that was that.
They wrote down some numbers for me, and that was when I thought maybe I could afford the hybrid...after the best price offer in the valley, we went back to test drive again and get the deal done.
Michael worked with us since James was not available, and everything went smoothly.
The manager, Bob and also the finance guy were a pleasure to work with as well; very kind and down to earth kind of people.
They encouraged me to return for a visit in a week or so to ask questions once I had some time to play with my new car and test out all of the features.
I love my new car and would encourage anyone to visit this dealer!
Anyone looking for a little higher end option should also drop in and check out the genesis; we test drove one and it was amazing :)

Can't say enough great things about the sales department here.
I worked with Mark who was a relatively new salesman and Art who is the sales manager.
They offered me the absolute best price on the market for a Hyundai Sonota.
Buying a car usually feels like a game of tug of war but working with this company gave me a clear view of what creating a win/win situation looks like.
If you decide to buy a car here please work with Mark and Art.
You will be glad you did!

= = = =  ONGOING SERVICE RELATIONSHIP  = = = =  My 15,000 mile service came due and I had such an excellent experience with these guys last time (& every time I've been here) I didn't hesitate to make an appointment and bring my car in this morning to their gorgeous new facility here on Frank Lloyd Wright, not far from where they were before, on Hayden.
I THOUGHT I was going to go to nearby Indian Paradise for my customary killer good Indian Buffet afterward, but there was so much great (free) food to enjoy here I was all set!
Yes, while my car was being serviced I enjoyed a Continental Breakfast (Buffet, sort of!
) of various fresh fruit, a fresh Poppy Seed Bagel with Honey-Walnut Cream Cheese, my choice of FOUR kinds of Starbuck's Coffee, and there were other goodies available too.
Yum!
Before long my car was all checked out, washed (!
), oil and filter changed, tires rotated and I was out the door for only $45 total.
Not only that, my Service Advisor David Mach & everyone else I have ever dealt with here, starting with Sales Rep Sean Piper, money guy Ian & Parts Manager Doug back when I bought in 2012 have been just great...  "and that's No Bull!
"     :-))

We went in to purchase two new Elantras in February.
While we eventually got decent pricing on our trade-in and the vehicles overall, it was only after about 4 hours of hardball negotiating.
After saying they would not, under any circumstances, be able to give us more than $750 on our trade-in, they eventually gave us $3,500.
This is not the dealership for those consumers who prefer a direct dealership approach.
While upon first impression they seem different, at it's core Earnhardt Hyundai is a wheeling and dealing car dealership like all the rest.
Upon purchasing two new vehicles, we were immediately bombarded with 5-10 weekly promotional and marketing emails.
Their opt-out system does not work, and personal emails to our salesperson and finance guy were unsuccessful.
Finally they sent me a letter explaining that it was their legal right to use my personal email for any promotional and marketing content, but their unwillingness to work with me to get off of their persistent email chain turned me off from ever purchasing from them again.
Be aware that purchasing a vehicle from this dealership signs you up for constant emails.
We have also received numerous promotional phone calls at both home and at work.
Rest assured that after buying two new cars in February, we are not looking to buy again in July.
With regard to their service department, the short version is that they are stingy with their warranty repairs and their basic service takes over 1.5 hours, even with an appointment.
As a woman, I was talked to with a disgusting patronizing tone.
The long version of our service experience: perhaps most disappointingly, was our first service.
We have noticed that the rear-view mirror on one of our Elantras was very slightly loose, to the point of sliding down so that it points toward the back seat every 3-5 days.
While not a significant danger, this issue should be covered under warranty as the part is loose enough to require adjustments by us consistently, which is an irritation at best, a safety hazard at worst.
This problem had been going on since we first purchased the car, and we decided to have them handled it at our first service appointment.
A few days prior to going in, we hung a lightweight gym locker from the mirror to have easy access to it.
It did not make the problem any worse, as it wasn't hung from the part of the mirror that shifted down.
When I brought the car to it's first service, I explained that the lock was a very recent addition and the problem had nothing to do with it.
Perhaps I should have removed it, but I truly believed they would be able to look past it and fix my issue.
I waited over 1.5 hours for a simple oil change and they said they had used their hand to feel the mirror and couldn't tell that it was loose, and their diagnosis was that the lock might be causing the problem.
They also recommended that I adjust the mirror back to where we wanted it if it starts to fall again (obviously that is what we had been doing since the beginning).
They refused to replace the mirror since they couldn't feel the problem with their hand, even though we explained that the looseness was minor and happened over several days.
I asked my service rep if he could treat the problem as though the lock wasn't there, but he said, "I can't pretend it's not, because it is.
" Finally, my service rep told me that they would have believed me had the lock not been hanging there and when I asked if I brought it in on Monday with no lock, would they replace the mirror, he said, "Probably, yeah.
" I should have just driven out, taken the lock off, and driven right back into the service bay.
All in all, this has been a dealership that is exceedingly friendly until they have your credit card.
I am disappointed beyond words in their unwillingness to remove me from their email lists and their frustrating service department.
While we have been pleased with our vehicles, they were in no way worth the hours we have spend begging them to stop calling and emailing us with promotional offers.

Nice people to work with.
Enjoy working with Jimmy in sales and no one likes to work with an auto salesperson.
Lol.
Let's see if we can make the deal!

