If I could give no stars, I would.
First off, EVERY SINGLE appointment I have had, they cancel on me at the very last moment telling me their laser is broken.
EVERY single time!
This is terrible customer service.
But my real issue is that I've had laser treatments at other spas and have great results immediately.
So far after 4 treatments I've seen nothing.
Couple that with the laser breaking every single time, I think their laser quality is awful and that I won't ever get the results I'm expecting.
Don't waste your money with this company.
Go find a reputable spa that is known for results, this is not one of them.

When I bought my Groupon last year, I called to make an appointment in March and was told they weren't accepting Groupon appointments until April.
The earliest I could be seen was late April.
No bueno for bikini season.
Nearly a year later, and my last Groupon visit is scheduled for this week and I'm going to cancel.
I chose the "small" area for $99.
I wish Groupon or Simplicity had explained that for a bikini area "small" meant one straight line down, and back up.
That's it.
One 1/4 inch "line" zapped on each side.
The first four visits, the technician did the two lines and booked my next appointment.
It wasn't until I expressed dissatisfaction that I wasn't noticing a difference that another, friendlier technician told me to expect two dozen visits for a larger package for my desired result.
That visit the technician zapped further out from the single line.
And she tried to upgrade me on a different package.
The following visit, same thing, zapping in a slightly larger area, smooth sales pitch to buy a new package.
While my hair in the single line is lighter, more sparse, I still have to shave daily during swim season.
I've since done more research, I'm going with electrolysis with a company that doesn't offer discounts to group sales.
Unlike laser and pulsed lights, electrolysis kills every follicle the electrologist treats.

I am sad to have to write this review, since I love finding great businesses and deals to share with friends/family/etc.
Unfortunately, I will NOT be recommending Simplicity Laser to anyone.
In fact, I will be warning people NOT to waste their time and/or money there.
I purchased a Groupon about a year ago for laser hair removal treatments.
I have done laser hair removal before at Advanced Laser Clinics and got awesome results.
I have several friends and family members who have also had laser hair removal done at ALC as well as other places.
All of them have had great results as well.
So, I am no stranger to laser hair removal and how it works.
So, my groupon was for 8 treatments, with 4-6 weeks between each treatment.
I spent the last year of my life driving 40 minutes to and from Simplicity Laser (in Glendale) every 4-6 weeks.
I have been finished with my treatments now for about a month.
I literally can't tell any difference in the amount of hair I have in the treated area.
I will generously say that i have had MAYBE 10-20% reduction.
This is absolutely NOT typical and unacceptable.
I mentioned my concerns several times during my appointments and was blown off each time.
I called to speak to a manager and was told that I should make a "client review" appointment to discuss my results and a possible resolution.
I had my "client review" today and was basically blown off again, and told that they weren't going to do anything to help me unless I purchased more treatments.
Basically, this company gets you in the door with, what seems like, a good deal...and then treats you at a low level on the machine...all the while trying to sell you more treatments.
A good company will treat you aggressively with the machines, so that you see results.
And then you'll come back to them because they work.
I am very disappointed in this company and their business ethic, customer service, etc.

I agree with the previous reviews, I get pretty decent customer service, and the techs are nice.
I noticed a big difference between simplicity and the results I saw with them vs. Neos Med Spa.
I do see some improvement, but not nearly as much as Neos.
The groupon for simplicity was FAR less than Neos cost though.
I would consider another groupon to simplicity after seeing how my result end up after my final treatment, but mainly because of the low cost.

It has only been a few months since I finished my treatment, but I already have the same growth as before I started.
It was a WASTE of time and money.
The treatments didn't change a thing.

I paid $1000 to get treated for a year and a half, which equals to about 14 sessions.
I have one last treatment to do but I am so unsatisfied with the results that I know I have to go somewhere else once I am done with this place because I have the same exact hair growth I did before I started.
I don't know what type of laser they use that gives such bad results.
On top of that, they are pretty rude.
A couple of times they gave me an evening appointment and the building door was closed once I got there.
After calling them 3 times, the tech came down and opened the door.
I was expecting for her to apologize but she acted like it was my fault.
Anyways save yourself time and money and don't go to this place.
They are expensive, don't know what they are doing,  they rush through every session and use broken lasers that doesn't even work!

