I can not understand how anyone with good taste could rate this place with 5 stars!
The food is bland, and the place is messy.
The only good thing about this eating establishment  is the view of the golf course and it's a good place to get a drink after a round of golf.

NEVER AGAIN.
Stopped in for a late lunch and there were about 10 cars in the parking lot.
We walked in and found two other parties waiting on tables (and there were many available).
Staff walked by, totally ignoring us for about 5 minutes.
Finally we all ended up getting seated.
Then we waited and waited for someone to acknowledge us.
We finally got our drinks and after some time our order.
The food was not good, the service was bad.
The place was old and decrepid.
I can't image ever needing to go back.

Reading some of the other reviews, I can only imagine that this place has its good days and it's not so good days.
We went on one of the good days.
Seated quickly, served quickly, food order was correct and delicious and we signed up for their e-club thing also.
Cannot find anything to complain about!
Sorry!

Very good food, wait staff very so so.
I agree with other reviews that they have there good and bad.
We were 5 adults there at 10:50 am on Sunday.
We waited about 30 min to be seated, would take either the patio seating or inside.
Finally they seated us on the patio.
The waitress was there took orders then it was another 45 min wait for the food.
There was another large table that was seated after us and they got there food before we got ours.
I don't believe we ordered anything complicated usual breakfast fair.
The food, however, was awesome, so we were happy with that.
At one time one of the cooks was on the patio looking at the TV NASCAR races Instead of cooking.
I think the manager should be more concerned with seeing to it the kitchen can get the food out on a more timely basis.
We live in The small community, Sun City Grand and really want to see the restaurant  survive.

Holy omelette heaven!
My friend and I came here for a post-hike meal and were seated right away.
I had an omelette with avocado and bacon (the Californian I think?
) which was so good.
It came with potatoes and a banana nut muffin.
Potatoes were tasty but the muffin was on the bland side.
Service was good and I like how they put what the amount would be if you split the check on the receipt.

Had a great meal and the manager Steve bent over backwards to make sure we had a great meal.
Thanks

My boyfriend and I went here for breakfast, my cinnamon french toast was really good, but when I took a bite of my eggs and chomped down on a giant piece of eggshell that pretty much ruined it for me.
The country potatoes have a funky after taste.
Try and sit by the fountain, half way makes up for the crappy meal and slow service.

Filthy dirty restaurant.
I sat at the bar for a quick lunch and as I pulled out the bar stool, four dead (dead for a while) crickets were next to my chair.
Old cereal, cracker crumbs, etc.
were all over the floor and had been there for some time.
Yuck!
I mentioned something to the server.
She said, "oh, sorry.
"  Never attempted to clean it up.

My mother worked for Coco's in California for 16 years and my twin sister and I have very fond memories of eating (and doing our homework) there.
Now that I'm an adult and have a family of my own, I decided to take my little family to Coco's for breakfast.
For starters, this particular location had 2 waiters for a Saturday morning... Obviously this caused the service to be a little slow, but the food was delicious!
I'm not sure if I have ever finished my whole plate of breakfast in a restaurant, but that statement is no longer true, because I killed that "Lumberjack Breakfast" and my family did the same with their meals!
Overall, the service could've been more prompt but everything else was A-Ok!

Service was very very slow & waitress not very friendly.
I ordered Chicken Alfredo and was very disappointed.
Served over "macaroni"!
No garlic flavor at all.
My husband had a steak that was more like shoe leather.
Prices too high for the amount of food you get.
Will not be going back to this restaurant

First visit since the fall  noted was open and asked to sit their.
It was cleared immediately and we were seated.
Waitress was prompt and took orders and delivered drinks.
Had grilled salmon ordered undercooked to ensure it was not dry.
Arrived as ordered and was very good.
Would have preferred something other than broccoli but it was cooked properly and is good for me.
Finished with Dutch Apple pie.
Very good.
Nice evening for this location

We went for breakfast had a great server Carla, my breakfast was delivered hot and promptly by the manager Steve with a great smile.
Food was great will be back.

I live in Sun City Grand, so this place is convenient, the food is OK, and there's a spectacular view.
That's as good as it gets.
The problems are that it is usually under-staffed, so there is generally only one server for the entire place prior to 9 a.m.--the place opens at 6 a.m.
It often takes a long time to be seated, and it's hard to seat yourself, since many of the empty tables still need to be cleared after the prior customers have left.
My main complaint is that they advertise "fresh baked" but then serve MICROWAVED biscuits that are sitting in a plastic bin on the counter behind the cash register.
These are not at all fresh, and microwaving day-old (or older) biscuits just turns them to rubber.
Even though I always ask for non-cholesterol egg substitute and dry toast (I won't order the biscuit any more), I know that the server or the kitchen gets it wrong when I can see egg white in my scrambled eggs & butter slathered over the "dry" toast.
With the light staffing, it's almost impossible to get a refill on water or coffee before you've finished your meal.
I've also been there for lunch/dinner later in the day, and the service is a bit better.

