Very comfortable feeling in there.
The portions were perfect and the food was great , I had the grilled chicken sandwich, my friend had the beef sandwich and we shared chips and salsa ( salsa being freshly made ) my mother had the french toast and we were all very pleased with the quality .
OH and the fries were delicious .
All the girls were perky and happy , and the cook looked like he was genuinely enjoying his job.
Most definitely enjoy a breakfast and lunch here!
OH, and you've gotta get the prickly pear tea, IT'S THE BEST.

This is as good as it gets for a homey comfortable happy place to spend your morning or afternoon having great food and good company .
The servers are perky ,the cook is great and looks like he is enjoying his work and is proud of what he makes for you.
The portions are perfect, except their burritos they are so huge i had to take half home.
The make the salsa   fresh for the day, and they have a prickly pear tea that is amazing.
The art on the wall is for sale and the music they play is upbeat .
I'm  definitely going to be a regular here.
Thank God there's a good place to eat around here now !

Good food.
Very friendly service.
Huge portions & decent prices.
Love that there is another breakfast option again.
We don't have many choices out here in QC so we take what we can get.
Hopefully this place lasts.
So far so good.
Can't wait to come back and try more.

This place is everything you want in the morning - friendly staff, great coffee and huge delicious portions.
I ordered one of the breakfast burritos and my husband had a combo that included french toast, eggs and sausage.
Neither of us could finish our meal and the bill was less than $15.
This will definitely be a regular stop for us.
We are looking forward to trying it for lunch.

Super big portions, everything yummy, great price, super friendly staff - I go there regularly and you can talk to regular Queen Creek folks.
Love it - we even had them cater - they were excellent.
We go there every Sunday at 7am before church - yum  Pastor Ben Cloud AMADEO Church

Great new breakfast place in queen creek.
Yummy good food, great service.

Food was good.
Service was decent to a little slow.
Great atmosphere.
Seems to be a very popular place as of recent.
I was going to take my daughter there again on Monday morning however there were no tables open.

Went on a Thursday morning just before 10:00 and the place was packed.
We took seats at the counter, which actually was cool because we could watch all the food coming out.
Hubby had a steak and cheese omelet with home fries and a pancake.
He loved it.
It was packed with meat, onions and peppers.
I had the biscuits and gravy combination breakfast, which included 2 eggs any style and a choice of bacon or sausage.
Everything was great.
Huge portion of biscuits and gravy so I could share that with my husband.
Coffee was good too.
Our bill was only around $18, pretty reasonable for the large portions we got.
Watching all the other food coming out I know for sure we will be going back because my husband was in awe of the size of the breakfast burritos (ginormous!
) and I want to try their eggs Benedict that looked so good.
I definitely will not attempt to eat there on a weekend because I don't like to wait and our waitress said that it's crazy.
If you live in the QC or close by, this place is definitely worth trying!

really enjoyed their breakfast burritos.great little local restaurant,cozy,clean,and great service.i have done phone orders and thye were ready to pick up when i got there.try them out on your next weekend off.

Great food and portions!
Was not a fan of their coffee.
Nicely decorated!

We needed a place to meet friends for Mother's Day.
We called in to see how busy they were.
She said a 20 min wait so we hurried there.
When we got there I went inside to see where we stood.
One look at what everyone was having I knew we were in the right place.
The food was a awesome, the service was attentive and friendly.
The owner greeted us and was very friendly.
Of all three couples we will all make the effort to visit again.
A very good experience!
Oh yea the prices were awesome!

Great service ,great food cute spot clean well run

SPECIAL NOTE TO T:  Get some experienced wait staff.
You've hired your kids to work and they obviously have neither an understanding of customer service nor any training.
I stopped for breakfast a couple of weeks ago with my Mom.
I ordered a burrito which came without the sauce (horrible dry).
When I asked for some, it took so long to arrive that my Mom had finished her eggs.
Then, the guy waiting on us couldn't find our check and had to ask us what we ordered.
My husband & I stopped for breakfast last Tuesday.
It was not busy and service was passable but the waitress left a dirty rag on the table next to ours, where it remained for our entire meal.
There was also a pile of food scraps left on another table near us.
A neighbor told us he & his wife went the other day, did not receive their food for more than 30 minutes, but they did get a check!!
Now looking for another place for breakfast in QC.

A hidden treasure...
I found this place by accident and was pleasantly surprised...
It's everything you'd expect in a Mom and Pop place...
The food was great and I was surprised at how much food you get compared to the price, unbelievable...
If you're ever in this area I highly recommend you check them out...
Remember, it is a family owned business so things might be different compared to a big box restaurants but the food is great and I enjoy supporting small businesses...

I ate breakfast at this restaurant and really enjoyed my visit.
I think the restaurant has the feel of a good old fashioned type of eatery, and despite being packed, the noise level was low enough for a normal conversation with my friends.
I had a half order of biscuits and gravy, and an order of hash browns.
The food tasted like made-from-scratch and the portions were large.
I also tried their pico de gallo sauce - it was good - but I like it hotter.
Overall, I was really very pleased with the service, price and food quality.

Decent spot for breakfast.
Standard menu.
They really talk up their house potatoes but they're kind of disappointing when you get them.
Service could be a lot better.
Good people, just inexperienced or under-trained.
Every coffee cup in the whole place is different.
Makes me wonder if they are going to garage sales every weekend or if theres a website where you can buy 500 un-matching, odd ball advertising coffee cups?
Maybe there should be!
weirdasscoffeecup.com???
Whaddaya think?

Visted Sunday 8/26/12.
This is a nice little change for the Queen Creek area.
There are not many options in this area for breakfast.
I ordered an omlette and side of pancakes.
The omlette came with the special "seasoned potatoes.
"  These were not very impressive.
Pretty bland.
Cubed potatoes.
Next time I will go back to the safer hashbrowns.
Pancakes were very good!!
Omlette was a little questionable.
Eggs were pretty flat.
I would prefer a little more fluff.
My friend ordered a breakfast burrito, smothered.
Ham, potatoes and egg (actually egg beaters.
)  The buritto was more on the potatoe side.
The smothered part was very disappointing!!!
Barely enough green chili across the top to cover it.
And even when waitress asked how things were and she commented that more green chili would be nice, she kind of shrugged and moved onto the next table.
Overall, the food was O.K..
I would return lacking other options in the Queen Creek area.
But if I know I am headed closer into town, I would like seek other places out.
As a side tip, the restaurant is pretty small.
All reviews indicate very busy.
We were very lucky and must have come at the right time on Sunday, but I can see where there would be a wait.
With that in mind, tables are pretty close.
During about half of my meal, I got to look at the back side of the waitress (who I think might have been the owner?
) talking with a couple about financing issues, foreclosure, real estate.
Perhaps next time, if you want to have an extended conversation with your customer, sit down next to them?
No offense, but it is tight enough as it is without having to stare at the backside of a person most of my meal.

It's a pretty decent restaurant with decent prices.
I was however quite disgusted by one waitress's disgusting "I just smoked a cigarette" smell.
Our waitress was a good server, except for the fact that her breath stunk of cigarettes.
We saw her smoking as we were walking in, and she wasn't 25 feet away from the front door.
I was at least pleased to see she did wash her hands.
The food was just "OK".
They didn't have any barbecue sauce.
I don't like the name of this restaurant.
It seems drug related.

Pretty great atmosphere but the food is very average.
Coffee is okay not great.
My only concern with the coffee is the creamer sitting on the table is old and kind of gross.
The pancakes were the only thing I've had here that was above average and they're your typical breakfast joint pancakes.
Burritos are huge but very bland.
I'm picky when it comes to eggs and their eggs the past few times have been pretty over cooked.

Well, we started coming here when it first opened.
It was great at first.
The homemade potatoes used to have a ton of flavor, but not anymore, now bland, and the hashbrowns taste like frozen ore ida potatoes.
Used to get a refill on the coffee, not anymore, the staff never checks to see if the food is ok or if you would like a refill.
If the order is not right or very delayed in coming to the table, the excuse over and over is "sorry, we're busy".
We stopped visiting here for a few months thinking they would figure out their kinks.
Tried it again a couple weeks ago and again last week just to give them the benefit of the doubt, Same disappointments.
The burrito which used to be full of meat has been replaced with almost all potatoes and barely any eggs.
The omlette was filled with hard as a rock raw veggies thrown into the eggs.
We really want to support the local business, but after being open a year, these issues should have been fixed or figured out by now.
Sorry!

I am a breakfast/dinner person, who would want to be inside when you can be outside enjoying, the outside?
A small, locally owned restaurant with outstanding food.
New to AZ and make it a point to keep the local eating establishments going.
Strengths: -food preparation by Hime (sp) and support staff -great breakfast/small lunch menu -friendly -prices, very reasonable, especially considering size of meals -lots of locals to get to know -enjoy, I did  Short comings: -staff, 1 person needs to not smoke and serve food without tic tacs, first

Best breakfast I've had in a long time.
Friendly staff.
Place was packed and only had two waitresses; we still received better service than most restaurants with multiple waitresses/waiters!

Exactly what you want in a local breakfast spot!
Friendly people, low prices, and best of all great cooking.
I love breakfast and this place hits the spot every time.
I love that you can get a pancake in place of your side of toast!
Pure and simple great breakfast made with care and great ingredients.
It's sad to say but places like this are just too hard to come across.
Whenever you want a breakfast done right, drive right past everywhere else and come straight here.

BEST BREAKFAST IN QUEEN CREEK, HANDS DOWN!
Amazing pancakes, burrito's, corned beef hash (my personal favorite)...honestly, everything is good!
Clean place, friendly staff, great prices and excellent food.
GO!

DO NOT EAT OUTSIDE!!!!
You will be ignored and have to wait forever for anything!
This was our first trip to EggsTc.
We went into the small restaurant and were immediately greeted by a walking hostess that said sit wherever you want and then walked on.
We decided to take advantage of the few times a year we can sit outside so chose the patio.
We waited about 15 minutes, while other tables were being served before someone came out and finally said, " Have you been helped yet?
" Obviously we hadn't because of the lack of menus and drinks.
She brought us menus took our drink order and then never returned.
We got our drinks, don't waste your money just ask for water.
The ice tea was terrible and ice less and my boyfriends diet soda was flat and tasteless.
We then proceeded to wait even longer for our food and once brought out was given to the wrong table.
They corrected the mistake and brought it to us where I immediatly was unimpressed.
The hash browns were overcooked, and spread out as thin as possible to fill the plate.
I got a breakfast sandwich that tasted fine, defiantly something I could make myself.
My boyfriend got the burrito that was defiantly large but mostly full of smashed potatoes that did not taste very good at all.
They came and cleared out plates and we asked for our check.
We waited 20 minutes until my boyfriend decided to go inside and ask for it and try and pay in there.
She noticed him as soon as he walked in and said she was still look for the check.
She asked two other servers, both with rude remarks of "No's" as he proceeded to wait.
Once the check was paid he wrote on the back of the receipt his concerns and we were finally able to leave.
Long story short...... We will not be returning and I do not recommend it.

Thought I would give this place a try since I have driven by numerous times .
a mistake .
definitely not what I would call a good restaurant.
First .
the place is small and very cramped .
second .
the food was not really that good .
third .
the service was adequate.
I ordered the breakfast enchiladas .
the tortillas tasted raw, the potatoes tasted like over cooked cubed baked potatoes .
And .
my plate had a big chip out of it.
Most likely will not return .

Use to be great in the beginning.
Now it's just not that good.
What happened!!
The food use to be good home cooked style with lots of flavor and fresh ingredients.
Now it seems they are trying to cut cost and using cheap food and trying to use fillers (potatoes, rice, etc:) in place of meats and cheeses to save money.
It's gone downhill and that's sad because this place had potential.
Advise, get back to the way it was in the beginning and get staff that wants to work otherwise you will continue to lose customers and word gets around this town too fast to have that happen..
FIX this place because I'm hungry and want to come back.

Never again.
It was a pretty nice morning, so we decided to eat outside and were told by the hostess to sit wherever we chose.
We waited 15+ min for someone to take our drink order (as we were getting up to walk away).
We waited another 15-20 min to get our drinks and get our order taken, then watched as people who came in several minutes after us got their food before we did.
When we finally got our food I was less than impressed.
Everything was very bland and the hash browns were more like a paste.
After we were finished and someone finally came to check on us, we asked for our bill.
We waited for more than 15 minutes before I finally went inside to track down our waitress who looked at me like she had never seen me, then spent the next 5-7 minutes trying to find our tab.
Horrible experience, I will not be going back.

Ordered eggs and hash browns...big mistake, the hash browns taste like they were cooked in rancid oil..nasty..hubby got French toast..that was good..they were busy, but our server got to us ASAP..she was wonderful!
Wish I could say the same for the food..sorry.

Great food, large portions.
Wait staff was attentive.
I had corned beef hash and eggs, husband had country fried steak and eggs, son had eggs and pancakes.
We were kept in hot coffee and felt like family there.
Be sure to try the biscuits and special potatoes... Yummy.
We are looking forward to coming back.

Thought I would give this place a try since I have been there a few times .
a mistake .
definitely not what I would call a good restaurant.
First .
the place is small, and.
second the food was not really that good (under cook) .
third .
the service was adequate.
The servers are not organized and lack direction from the manager.
I ordered the breakfast two egg over medium with bacon..
The owner/manager is to business on the computer in the doorway and not paying attention to the service of her customers during the rush hour    .Most likely will not return .
Today there many options in the area.

I love this place.the coffee is the best.pancakes are huge and taste amazing.
i really like their Denver omelet with the pancake and home potatoes.i hear their burritos are huuuuuge.its a nice place to enjoy a god breakfast always packed and awesome hostesses.
Best place in QC.

Pay attention to more recent negative reviews.
Was sooo much better when they first opened.
NOT.
Good.
Anymore.

This is one of our favorite breakfast places.
Great pancakes and chicken fried steak, clean, very friendly staff, huge portions.
Only eaten here for breakfast but.
Never had a bad meal.
Way Better than the chains!

This is a great local breakfast place!
The Chicken Fried Steak and Biscuits and Gravy were great!
The kids loved their Mickey shaped pancakes.
I am glad to know this place exists!
We will definitely be back soon.

We went to EggsTc today for breakfast, and it was amazing.
The entire staff was very friendly and nice, and they all came over ant talked at some point.
They were extremely friendly, and seemed well experienced unlike previous reviews.
The pancakes were HUGE, and tasted great.
(The pictures don't do it justice, because the size doesn't get conveyed.
They are a large dinner plate full each.
We were smart and only got 1.
) They mentioned when we asked if they put peppers or onions in their hash that they only serve it EXACTLY like it's mentioned in the menu (could be considered plain to some) unless you ask for something more.
If you like it with something special or want more flavor, tell them and they will be able to help!
The eggs were done perfectly, and their special potatoes were awesome, and had more flavor than the standard hash browns.
After 1 visit, I'm hooked.
I'll definitely be back for some more awesome breakfast food in Queen Creek!

Love, love, love this place and the people that work there!!!!
Huge bang for your buck, big dishes and the biggest burritos for a very small price, I go back there every chance I get.
Jime is an amazing chef and the waitresses are very down to earth.
Fresh food, great service and staff!!!!!

Amazing prices, HUGE portions, friendly staff.
It gets busy on the weekends, though, so I'd avoid going during that rush if at all possible.
When it gets busy, service gets slow and then people (myself included) get annoyed.
I recommend the omelets (spinach & feta is my fav), and the diced potatoes.
So delicious.
OH and the breakfast burritos.. they're ginormous.
Definitely big enough to split.

