The cookies rock.
That's all I got to say.
When browsing Glendale, stop in and buy one.
Avoid Bitzee Mama's mexican restaurant a few doors north of there.

Very good cookies

The most delicious cookies ever!
Try the sundae with a warm cookie and caramel sauce on top.
Pure heaven!
Can't live without my weekly fix.
My favorite?
Peanut butter dark chocolate cashew.
Yum Yum!!

Absolutely, the best oatmeal cookies you will ever eat!
The sundae's are to die for, and the environment in this place is so warm and inviting!
A wide variety of the cookies, and the shop has some of the most unique items  you will ever see.
Great shop for gift giving.
Oh yeah, the smell of the cookies cooking in there is reason enough to go in this lovely place!

The best oatmeal cookies I have ever tasted in my life.
I am an official addict.
The far chocolate peanut butter oaties are me favorite.
The white chocolate macadamia nut ones are also phenomenal!
Try them, now!
Delicious!!!!!
Oh, one last thing the sundae's are really good too!

My wife and I have been Coyote Oaties fans for a while now, they have the best cookies.
You can even get them shipped to a loved one, I had some sent to my Mother in Law for her retirement party.
They arrived a day earlier than expected.
The cookie sundaes are absolutely delicious.
I highly recommend you try one.

This place is incredible.
At first glance it doesnt seem like much so we passed right on by.
After a few other stores we decided to go in just to check it out and boy am I glad we did...
The best hidden gem downtown, hands down.
We walked into a kitchy,  cute full store, as we wondered through towards the back we discovered the amazing items they had to offer.
I am not a fan of oatmeal or anything oatmeal related, but holy moly are these things a game changer.
They were so incredible, a friend bought a dozen on the spot and had them shipped to her family.
The best part was they came in the cutest wooden crate with free engraving.

This is a very unique shop with all kinds of homemade trinkets, signs, and oddities.
In the back of the shop is a little bakery area with drinks and desserts.
I tried the hot tea and an oatmeal chocolate chip cashew cookie.
The tea menu has some unique flavors.
The staff timed the making of the tea and had clearly tried them all, since they could describe the menu items well.
The cookies are the specialty here.
They come in a sort of mound shape with a soft and chewy center.
It is quite pleasant once you cut through the oats and hit a spot of warm melted chocolate.
The flavors of the oats, chocolate, and nuts come through nicely.
This is definitely a place to stop by for a snack when you are in downtown Glendale.

Amazing cookies!!
Nothing compares to these.
I always get them for myself and for corporate gifts.
Always very fresh and moist

I love Oldtown Glendale and I love Coyote Oaties!
The woman who runs this business is super sweet and is great at what she does.
Their cookies are absolutely to die for but my personal favorite thing to get is their Lemon Soufflé tea!
This is a great place to relax and enjoy a local treat!

Coyotes Oaties is another little "hidden gem" located in downtown Glendale.
They have some of the most amazing cookies and a wonderful selection of custom herbal teas and coffee.
They take a lot of pride in their never compromising integrity with the quality of the cookies and food they sell.
Their customer service is FANTASTIC, very personable, friendly and eager to please their customers.
Food~ everything is made with whole rolled oats, real cream butter, no white sugar or flour, 0 trans fat and no preservatives.
So do the cookies taste good with no trans fat?
YES!
They are DELISH!
Service/shop~ They are wonderful!
The shop makes you feel like you're in someone's indoor garden with plenty of seating and some tables to enjoy their cookies, coffee and teas.
They will ship almost everything so they are a great choice for sending gifts!
They will personalize orders with a special touch.
I'm looking forward to my next gluten free, white chocolate with macadamia nut cookies and some lemon soufflés hot tea.
I hope to see you there!

This business is a jewel in downtown Glendale.
So eclectic and fun to visit.
And then, those oatmeal cookies!
Who doesn't love oatmeal cookies and these are to die for.
Rebecca and her sister have a place that we will visit often.
Mike Petrus

Best cookies!
I couldn't decide how many to get so I said "just give me a dam dozen" problem solved.
So when you are in the area get a "dam dozen".
Make sure to get a variety, all the cookies are great!

5 stars for the vibes.
5 stars for the rad chicks running the joint.
20 stars for the Coyote Oatie ice cream sundae!
Stopped in on our way out from the Glendale Chocolate Affair and found heaven in a bowl.
I got the famed Coyote Oatie ice cream sundae and it was facking awesome.
Its basically the best ice cream sundae you've ever had with one of their signature Coyote Oatie cookies all warmed up and on top.
This is the perfect dessert.
When the cookie crumbles into the ice cream and caramel it is awesome.
Loved this little joint in downtown Glendale, loved the ladies running it.
I'd much rather give my money to a local joint like this rather than a CORPORATE Coldstone or Baskin Robbins.
Already planning another trip.
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!

The oatmeal cookies are baked right on site.
The actual store sells beautiful household items and unique decor.
They serve wonderful team either hot or cold.
The owner and her daughter run the shop.
They also do a lot of custom wood orders, Laser wood engraving.
A great place to come with friends your kids or family to have some tea and cookies great atmosphere very comfortable and beautiful

I'm a sucker for a good oatmeal cookie.
These did not disappoint.
The location itself is pretty cool.
I only wish I had more time to look around when I was there.

Stopped in here today with my 2 year old son to try out the cookies.
Drove from North Glendale by the 101 and the 20 minute drive each way was completely worth it!
The owner was so friendly and pleasant.
The cookies are perfect.
My son and I will be back for sure, and I am telling every person I know to check it out.
Thank you for making such a delicious (and healthier) alternative to chain bakeries.

I can't say enough good things about this place.
The cookies are to die for.
The decor and atmosphere are so charming.
The owner was just delightful - not only did she welcome my 2-year-old boy into the store (there are fewer and fewer establishments that are kid-friendly these days), she brought him a sundae and ice water to go with his cookie, served it on a platter, and even encouraged him to sit on the velveteen couch if he felt like it.
I made a $4 purchase and got treated like royalty.
What a wonderful establishment...I will not only be back, I will encourage all my friends to support them too.
The cookies are reason enough to come...but these are people who truly care about their customers, and that is worth driving out of my way for!

Some of the best cookies I have ever eaten.
I am a big fan of oatmeal cookies and my favorite so far is the oatmeal peanut butter chocolate chip!
Yummm!
It is a chunky cookie filled with lots of good stuff and tastes like just out of the oven.
The owner says they do mail orders and also gluten free.
The shop is charming with unique one of a kind items.
Owner is friendly and welcoming.
The shop seems like a comfy place to sit and enjoy your cookie and tea.
Maybe next time I will try their cookie sundae with ice cream drizzled with caramel sauce.

