I cannot say enough about Greg and his professionalism and follow through.
There is a reason this mortgage company is doing so much business, they know exactly what they are doing.
Plus, if you had a short sale or foresclosure on your previous credit history, they know exactly how to 'fix' your history to get you back into a conventional mortgage.

Having a real estate license and knowing the challenges of a smooth closing is instrumental in today's ever changing marketplace.
I highly recommend The Gale Team for any mortgage, refinance or just good old fashion good advice.

When they say Smooth, Solid Service.......they honestly guarantee it!
Wow!

As a real estate agent, I've been working regularly with Greg Gale and his team for about 2 months now.
I've been a Realtor for over a decade and I can't recall ever working with a lender as responsive, as organized and generally upbeat.
Greg has done a great job of assembling a solid team at NOVA Home Loans.
The response from my clients has been positive, which is most important.
His team is able to advise prospective borrowers on the best ways to improve their credit and get the best loan program for them.
As an agent, if I'm delivering a high level of service I look for others that do the same.
Given Greg and I both strive to be the best in our prospective industries, I expect we will be doing business together for many years into the future.

I have been working with a broker in the Gale team for over a year now.
I have nothing but great things to say about this company.
My deepest gratitude goes out to Stacy Williams, You are an amazing person and broker.
My countless phone call to you to get the smallest of questions answered and you were always there to answer the call and help.
You never made me feel like a burden.
You are the most pleasant person to talk to.
Thank you Stacy!
John Flores and Greg Gale, Thank you for your attention to detail with my case.
I truly respect your office and your team.
Thank you for building such an outstanding team to work with.
Stacy D' Amato,  working with you has literally been like working with a close friend or relative.
You are real, thank you for that.
I truly appreciated the level of attention this team gave me.
I loved getting updated about my file on a weekly basis.
It really made me feel like you were working hard to get everything accomplished.
Thank you all so much!
xoxo

The Gale Team is top notch.
As an agent, I have worked with a number of lenders over the years.
Greg's team is systematized and puts customer service first.
We closed the deal and my client's were impressed.

Joe and his team were very efficient and and helpful throughout the process.
They kept me informed and were very quick to answer my questions.
I would highly recommend the Gale team!

Greg is very professional and knowledgable.
Would highly recommend him.

I had the pleasure of working with The Gale Team and specifically Joe Herrell during our recent purchase of a home in Arizona.
Joe did a wonderful job being patient with me as we went through a long buying process.
He helped me understand the changing laws and I knew exactly what I needed to do to successfully navigate the home buying process in a new state.
I would highly recommend this team to any and all of my friends in Arizona who are looking to buy or refinance their home!

