Only reviewing this with regards to it's Christmas party nights.
Decent terrine but could have done with some biscuits, turkey was cold and sprouts hard so hardly touched the main course, cheese board was fine but the bread and butter pudding was excellent.
£27 for what I take it is the house rose was extortionate though and the DJ was pretty rubbish on the whole (playing an Abba mega-mix twice doesn't really make for a great night).
No idea how much a pint was as expected it to be over-priced so took my own supply.

I'm essentially ditto-ing what emiana posted about this hotel (we were there on the same visit).
Great place with an excellent location and super friendly staff.
Still, the lack of free internet access (http://london.blog.qype.com/?p=1882) really put me off.
If the price were right (we got a good rate on our visit), I'd probably stay there again.
But, honestly, I'd look first for a hotel better situated (Radison SAS or the Scotsman) and for one that offers more 21st century amenities as part of the room rate.

This is one of the top hotels in Edinburgh.
Pefrectly located at the end of Princes street.
On the corner from the park and the station.
5 minutes from the Royal Mile.
Parking in Edinburgh is ridiculous.
The valet parking here is only slightly more expensive at £29 a night.
If you can, avoid getting the car into the centre.
The hotel decor is superb.
The staff are excellent.
The business centre is a little disappointing.
I like the fact you can have breakfast in your room for no extra charge.
However, any other room service is very steep.
The pool, sauna and steam room are lovely and quiet in the late afternoon/evening.
Of course the price is high per night, but you get much better value here than you would in London.

Complimentary shortbread with my Lapsang Souchong, and service with a genuine smile.
I knew the Balmoral Hotel was swish and swoo, and so when stopping into the Bar one evening for a coffee with a friend I knew I would pay a little extra premium.
But I have to say I was absolutely delighted by the service, the tea itself, and the surroundings.
Whilst The Balmoral Hotel has it's own page and reviews on Yelp (http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz/the-balmoral-hotel-ltd-edinburgh-4), I'm reviewing only the Bar as you can visit it as a normal punter or passer-by, enjoy the drinks and ambience, without the need of staying there.
It was a blustery Sunday night, we'd been to the movies and wanted somewhere to rest for an hour or so past 9pm where we didn't have to drink alcomahol.
Debating the pros and cons of crossing over the Bridge to get to Starbucks we suddenly realised The Balmoral Bar was sitting right in front of us.
As it's part of the hotel and usually is really busy with resident tourists coming and going, it's the sort of place where you can't see the wood for the trees and completely don't even register it.
But I'm so glad we did.
As I said, my lapsang souchong that I ordered came with complimentary shortbread.
It was also served in a delightful tea set, with proper strainer and real tea leaves.
This is a minor detail but avid readers of my reviews (humour me here!
) may notice that I place high regard on establishments that understand the importance of a well-brewed pot of tea.
Bags will do, yes, but loose leaf is where it's at.
My friend's hot chocolate smelled absolutely delicious too and had the perfect creamy foam on top.
Our waitress was just an absolute delight.
Table service, of course, and she genuinely enthused that she hoped we enjoyed it and made wee quips and comments about "not being able to have tea in Scotland without a biscuit" and asked us how our night had been as if she really cared.
It made all the difference.
A quick glance over the cocktail menu told me I'd need to go back to try them but save up my pennies first - at around £11 a cocktail there again was a premium.
If I were ever on a slightly lavish, nice night out for a celebration and dressed up a wee bit, I would certainly head here for some pre / post dinner cocktails and I shall definitely choose the Balmoral over Starbucks again any day for a tea or coffee.

My husband and I popped in here for a drink prior to our afternoon Christmas dinner at The Scotsman.
We had a very nice bartender, thebar was sleek and quiet and they had a good selection of top-shelf liquor and wine.
It was a nice respite from the very windy and otherwise frenzied day.

I've been into the Balmoral Bar a few times, for coffee with friends and once, for an interview.
I should have reviewed it sooner, but I keep forgetting it's there!
Which is not to say it isn't memorable - it's beautiful, the service is 5*, the menu is varied and the quality is excellent - but it's just that I hardly ever think to go in unless it's right in front of me, or a friend suggests it.
As soon as someone suggests it, though, I am in with a heart-felt "yes!
"  The decor is modern Scottish, with understated tartan cushions scattered with other block colour furnishings.
It's elegant and a lovely treat if you're looking for somewhere central with a little more to offer than the more usual High Street coffee chains.
It is a tiny bit more expensive but it also has excellent service and all that elegant space.
There's also Ren products in the loos, pretty crockery and, as Jenny L says, complimentary shortbread with your drinks - what's not to like?
Being part of a bar, it's also open later than most coffee shops, which is what sold it to us last night for an after-dinner coffee (or, in my case, hot chocolate).
As soon as someone suggested it, it was a definite yes from me!

Food was outstanding!
Service was horrible.

We decided to pop in, as i had never been in the Balmoral Bar before.
Its is extremely grand and lush.
We enjoyed two cocktails ( although slightly overpriced at £11).
The waitress  gave us a nice selection of free bar snacks that we enjoyed.
Very much a place for posers, but i guess we all like that from time to time :) Service was faultless and im glad that i went.
Nice, convienient location too!

First visit to the Balmoral Bar.
We were heading home after Oktoberfest & wanted a drink but not a crowded bar so the OH suggested here.
I was a bit skeptical because we weren't exactly dressed to the 9's like most of the clientele there.
No matter, the staff were very friendly & welcoming, we were shown to a nice corner table & given time to peruse the menu.
I opted for a gin & asked for a recommendation as there were some gins on the list I hadn't tried.
The waitress was knowledgeable & I was intrigued by the Martin Collins, served with pepper& strawberry.
It was lovely & just what I was after.
We were also brought complimentary bar snacks which were a nice touch.
There's no doubt you pay a premium to drink in here but it is nicely decorated, the service is top notch & it has a lovely ambience.
I'd definitely go back for a nightcap on the way home again or for drinks for a special occasion.
The cocktail tasting menu looks like an interesting choice for a night out with the girls once I've saved enough pennies  :)

Wow.
Not going to lie, shockingly expensive.
£14 for a glass of Bucks Fizz!
But served by a man in a Kilt, with really traditional scottish music playing and traditional scottish decor and tons and tons of whisky.
yes.

Ended up in here on Friday night for some late drinks with some buddies.
First things first.
It's rather swish.
Thankfully I'd just got back from London so had on a jacket and some trousers which always helps.
Secondly - Salted wasabi popcorn.
Replenished ad infinatum.
Was AMAZING  Thirdly - Cashews and stuff - FREEE!!
Fourthly - Beer selection was alright if a touch pricey   Quintessentially  -  Staff were nice  Conversely - Seemed to be slightly lacking in atmosphere...
I'd go back I guess.
Maybe try out some food!

I love, love, love this bar.
Not because of the way it looks or celeb chefs and all that blah.
I love it because the cocktails are just great!
Sooo tasty, made with good quality ingredients and some home made there.
The tasting menu is the one to have.
They bring out a starter/main/desert of drinks with table service and some nibbles.
There is no hanging around at the bar, you can just sit back and enjoy your drinks.
It's pretty laid back, and most people are smartly dressed.
It does have an air of pretension about it but look beyond the toff types (they are there, but in bearable amounts!
) and enjoy your drinks and the company your with!
The staff are friendly and after our cocktails we went to the bar and they were more than happy to show and explain how they made them, who thought them up, etc.
I'd say it's a good place to start a night out, and glam it up a bit.
I think the cocktails are pretty strong (good value for money!
)...either that or I am a true lightweight :)

