I had a great buying experience here on my search for a new dishwasher.
Lots of models to choose from, competitive pricing and friendly customer service.

Needed a new washer and stopped by chance at this business before going on to the regulars (Sears, Home Depot, etc.).
WOW!
Am I ever glad we did!!
Christopher Inman was our salesperson.
He was so knowledgeable about all the different brands, gave us a great deal, and even helped us out with the cost of the Washer Stand when we explained our tight $$ issues.
Before signing on the dotted line, we visited Sears & Home Depot.
Not even close.
No one around to help, prices were 15% - 20% higher for EXACT same models.
Don't miss this shop for your home appliance needs.

Sorry to say "dishonest"  I asked for a dishwasher that actually cleaned and dried without spots.
I did not shop price.
I now have something I might as well throw away.
Spencer's tells me I am wrong, that it works great although they haven't seen my dishes.
Also bought some special soap and have been billed for it.
S[pencer's installers did not have it and did not take any responsibility for providing it...told me to call the store.
I have several times and still am not any closer to being provided with what I was charged for.

I Went to another Spencer's store and was not getting the service I was expecting.
Spencer's has a terrific reputation for pricing and customer service and my first experience was not going well.
In an effort to ensure I was getting the lowest possible price I went to a different store (Tatum).
That is when my faith in Spencer's was fully renewed and then some.
Our sale person, Tommy was phenomenal.
He went above and beyond and worked hard to find us the best prices.
He also did a  bunch of research on rebates and found us several, saving us even more money.
He did all this because he is a professional, all the time knowing he was not getting any commission because the original salesperson was already on the ticket.
I highly recommend you visit the Tatum location and I would also ask for Tommy!

