I can't believe no one has reviewed this place before.
This place is great!!!
I was looking online for some fall things to do, pumpkin patches, etc, and Vertuccio Farms came up as being in the area I was going to be today.
It is about 3 miles south of the 60 on Power Rd and about a half mile north of the 202/San Tan Freeway.
Open until 6pm on Sundays, they just opened yesterday (10/1) for fall.
It is $7 per person and children 4 and under are free.
You can get a $1 discount for each non-perishable good donated or print out a coupon from their website.
Additionally, you can pay $15 for a season pass.
You are greeted by rows of pumpkins of various sizes as you walk in.
The prices are comparable to Safeway but I would rather support local businesses.
If I didn't think the heat would warp the pumpkins, I would have bought some today.
There were several things to do here for adults and kids.
There was a bounce house for kids and way larger one for kids and adults.
Boy, that was fun!
There was also one of those things that you swing the mallet down and try to hit the bell (separate ones for kids and adults).
I laughed out the fake cow that the kids could "milk.
" There was a corn maze that we didn't go in since the girl warned me it takes 45 minutes to go through.
Maybe next time on a cooler day.
Other fun things we did were fake horse rides with inflatable horses, pedal go karts around a small track, and a free train ride around the grounds.
Yes, the hubby and I squeezed ourselves in, too.
In addition, there was a playground and many farm animals to see.
There was also a farmer's market that closed at 4pm that we would have loved to check out.
My suggestion would be to keep the hours consistent with the farm or, the farm could showcase some of the local goods from the farmers' market.
That is one of the things I love about coming to places like that, to get a taste for all that is local.
Other than that small thing, this was the best $7 per person, we have ever spent on a family outing!

Thanks to Groupon, we visited Vertuccio Farms to check out the corn maze.
Two of us completed the maze in about 25 minutes without too much trouble.
There were many paths, some of which appeared to be makeshift from previous visitors.
It wasn't too difficult, but was still fun to venture through.
This seems like this a good place for kids and there were tons all over the place.
There are a few carnival-style games, a mini-train ride, mini-hay maze, moon bounce, animals, and pedal karts for entrainment.
I recommend trying the kettle corn.
It is made before your eyes and served hot and fresh right out of the fire and into your mouth.
A giant bag is $5 and it is extremely tasty.
It should make a good snack for at least a few days.
The farm also has a nice selection of pumpkins, from very tiny, to small, to regular-sized ones.
They are priced from about $1-10 and most have a healthy orange color.
Remember to bring your own flashlight if you go at night and also be sure to have cash on hand, since credit cards are not accepted for most purchases.

This review is a little overdue (I went over two months ago) but that doesn't take away any of the fun my family and I had while we were there.
We found Vertuccio Farms on Groupon and they were offering a great deal for the whole family we couldn't pass up.
So one Saturday morning many weeks back we took a drive out to Gilbert to visit the farm.
I think we went the last weekend that it was open for the season.
The place was not very crowded, which I liked.
It was however pretty muddy and wet because of the rain that had fallen before we came.
The staff was trying to keep the mud under control with hay but it wasn't working out so well.
But it wasn't so bad that we couldn't have a good time.
The very first thing we did when we walked in was ride the barrel train around the farm.
You get one ride included in your ticket price.
This was pretty fun, though my motion sickness acted up (I am pretty sensitive about moving in things that don't use my legs).
So we got to see all of the activities available without having to walk around.
And we did pretty much all of the rest of the activities while we were there.
There were bouncy horses, which I did not participate in but the rest of my family thought they were hysterical.
Some pedal bikes, a large bouncy area for kids, a small playground, farm animal feedings.
There is a thing they call a "pizza farm".
From the website: "What is a Pizza Farm?
The pizza farm is a one-half acre circular garden that is divided into eight pie shaped "slices" (like a pizza) and grows or grazes all the ingredients needed to make a farm fresh pizza!
You will learn how farmers grow wheat for the crust, tomatoes for the sauce..dairy cows or goats that give milk to make cheese, pigs for pepperoni, and much more!
" This was pretty fun.
I always like to look at growing vegetables and herbs.
There is even a large 10 acre corn maze that has a different design every year.
We all had a pretty good time here and would come back again in the future.
My three year old niece was pretty excited by everything here.
So not only a good time for kids, it was fun for the four adults in our party as well.

Great, inexpensive, family FUN!!
Halloween is so much fun!
Corn maze, train, animals... the kids love it!
We've gone two years in a row and will be back!

I took my toddler to an event they had for little ones.
For $5 for me to get in, it was worth it.
I don't think it would have kept the attention of my older kids.
I will definitely attend future toddler events.

Great place!
Definitely worth going to!

I love coming to this farmers market hit it at least once a month.
The couple that owns it knows all about their produce and best ways to prepare it and they are super friendly.
Love it when they have exotic fruits or vegetables to experiment with.
And the biggest walden farms assortment I've come across (zero cal dressings, sauces, dips etc) And I love knowing I'm supporting all the local growers too.
Cheaper than the grocery store for produce in most cases.

awsome little farmers market with everything from free range chicken to locally made cheese!!
I got the sharp chedar!

Had a great time searching for clues in the corn maze.
Spent 2 hrs there and had a blast!!

Had a fun day today here with my 3 year old daughter.
She loved the extreme air pillow trampoline, barrel train ride, the animals and especially LOVED the corn maze!
It was a nice morning out for us and we got some cute pumpkin pics for fall : )

Such a great place to take the kiddos!
I've been to a few farms during the Fall season and this one is perfect for the little ones.
I gave it four stars because there was way too many flies.
I get that its a farm, but compared to the others that I have been to, this one tops the list for a FLY PARTY.
They are everywhere!
For that reason we chose not to eat there.
But the size isn't too big or small and there is just the right amount of activities for the kids to enjoy.
We will be back for sure.

A great time was had by all at their farmer's market and corn maze.
I try to buy fresh produce whenever I can and what a better place to do it than on an actual working farm.
The owner is so friendly and went out of his way to make sure we had what we needed.
Since they are selling Christmas trees at this time of the year, they had leftover trimmed branches which he gave to me for free!
I came home and made wreaths and centerpieces with them.
I will definitely return here for the many family festivals they have going on here year around.

