Yum!
Love this little locally owned and operated, cozy, friendly restaurant.
Opened about 9 months ago (I think).
Open 7 days a week and all year (not seasonal).
Great, fresh, home cooked food.
Daily specials and special fish dinners on Fridays.
Went for a late breakfast - love that breakfast is served ALL day!
That takes the pressure off of having to rush on a lazy Saturday or Sunday.
I had the Ultimate omlette which was loaded with ham, bacon, sausage, all FRESH green peppers, onions, mushrooms & tomatoes with home fried potatoes.
It was delicious!
My friend had the chicken fried steak with hash browns.
The steak was really good - the coating was perfect!
It was a nice super crispy golden brown and covered with sausage gravy - which was also very good.
They don't over season or salt anything which is good - you can add your own to suit your tastes.
Washed down with hot (hot) fresh coffee.
Excellent.
They have homemade pies but we had no room left to eat another bite so we'll just have to go back.

I have to say this is a rare gem - truly a home owned and home cooking kind of place with a staff that is so wonderfully friendly.
There were four of us that went tonight and two of us had the fish, one had the hot roast beef sandwich and one had the country fried steak dinner.
Every plate got rave reviews - I had the walleye dinner and it did not disappoint - perfect down to the core, breaded just right and cooked not one minute too long or too short.
There are homemade mashed potatoes and gravy that made one of us order a side on the side!
Yes it is that good.
Homemade pie and desserts - this is down home cooking at it's very finest.
I have had breakfast and lunch there also and they were both outstanding meals.
Just for balance I tried to think of one negative comment and I just can't find one!
It is all good.
To put frosting on the cake, our server was what every server should aspire to be - friendly, attentive and responsive.

Good food, good prices.

Delicious, fresh and perfectly cooked Walleye from Minnesota.
Family owned and very nice people!
Give it a try when you're in Mesa!
The antique malls are right down the street, and so is the vegetable market!
Perfect day!

I live near this restaurant but had never been in - its in a little building that's not much to look at from the outside but inside its a very cute little dinner.
The real star is the food which was Awsome we had breakfast and the bacon was perfect the hash browns where delicious and them made the best sunny side up eggs I've ever see (whites done perfect, not runny) - the staff was very friendly and I met one of the cooks an she was very sweet.
We definitely will go back.

Great home cooked meals.
Fran is a sweetheart.
A must visit.

I have to say I was really looking forward to trying out Fran's as we used to go here when it was Kat's Place.
The food was pretty good but for a Sunday morning, I think they were understaffed which translated into a frustrating visit.
We order a simple bacon, eggs, hash brown and toast combo and never ended up getting the toast at all ad when I asked about it 10-15 mins after I got my meal (and was able to flag down the waitress) instead of a plain "I'm sorry.
I forgot", I got a well, we only have a 4 slice toaster in the back.
This is after I saw two breakfasts for others get their meal with toast delivered.
I also had to ask for my daughter's OJ after the meal was delivered.
Not sure I'll go back since the food was good but the prices were average but high for the service we received.

Last spring, I asked a total stranger in my community, if she could recommend a good place for "home cooked meals".
She immediately recommended Fran's Place on Main Street.
Since my first visit, I have become a "regular".
I just love this little place!
The meals remind me of my "mother's cooking"---if not, better!
Incredibly friendly atmosphere.
This is a family owned business and what a neat family they are!
I don't believe I've had a bad meal---probably the best open beef plate with real mashed potatoes and delicious gravy I've had in a restaurant!
The omelettes are fantastic along with all of her breakfast items, ie.
waffles, pancakes, etc.
Soups are homemade and usually a daily special such as stuffed peppers or cabbage rolls.
And then, of course, her wonderful fish specials every Friday.
Either cod or walleye---best around!!
Can't go wrong with any of her sandwiches---- or fresh baked pies.
If anyone is looking for just good "comfort food", you will be delighted with this restaurant----not a fancy atmosphere---but extremely clean and comfortable!

AHmazing... looks tiny but is mighty with flavorful comfort food :0) the works omlette was DeLiCiOuS along with golden brown perfect hashbrowns and  pancakes mmmmm Plus we got to meet Fran and her sister, what sweethearts... so happy to have found this wonderful place.
We'll be back, my favorite yelp find yet!!

I had one of their numerous specials.
Very reasonably priced for the midwest portions that arrive piping hot to my table.
I chose one of the dishesthey are known for, biscuits and gravy.
For $3.99 I chowed down on one over easy egg and a single biscuit with scrumptious gravy.
By no means was it visually appealing but was it good!!!
The bisciut was buttery and the gravy had just the perfect ratio of pepper to sausage.
The clientele was mostly of the older generation, great place to read the paper and shoot the bull with strong coffee in hand.
The waitresses were what I expected, like talking to an old friend.
I took a piece of their bread pudding home, something else they're known for.
Great place!!
Wish I lived closer to this little gem, perfect place for a stop when we're out on our motorcycles!

Food was actually pretty darn good.
The turn off was the whole time we were trying to eat , they were walking around killing flies.
Not the most appetizing thing in the world.

My boyfriend and I visited here a few weeks ago based on the reviews.
The windows were painted with words "everything's homemade" and "we cook from the heart not a box".
Those words are a HUGE stretch.
The omelet was nothing better than you'd get at Denny's.
Not fresh eggs but boxed.
The hashbrowns were frozen.
Also not homemade but I guess technically not from a box.
We overflowed our coffee cups twice because the waitress filled the cup to the brim AFTER being aware we wanted creamer added.
We weren't greeted when we came in and the coffee waitress passed by us twice.
Its a small dining room so she had to pass very close.
No way to have missed us standing there.
We actually had to ask if we should seat ourselves.
We didn't know the protocol as it is self seating at some places and as no one was interested in assisting us we assumed that was how its done.
The waitress huffed exasperatingly and stated she would be right with us.
All of this was after we passed Fran herself standing on the front stairs smoking.
We had to pass through the cloud to get in.
I made a joke about that being Fran and my boyfriend said yeah right.
Come to find out....I was right!
Needless to say...we will never be returning.
If we wanted poor service and shoddy food we would go to a big chain breakfast.

Had a good late breakfast there, and it was good.
Went back for their walleye today and we were very disappointed.
Bill was $36 for two walleye dinners and one diet coke.
We had been looking forward to the walleye being from Minnesota.
We tried.

We just moved to the area and we were looking for a Sunday breakfast.
Yelp recommendations pointed us to Fran's Place.
We were fortunate to beat the crowd and got seat.
Fran came to great us and we had a fabulous meal.
The waffles were the best and everyone in our party of four was defiantly satisfied with their meals.
It was not speedy but well worth the wait for home cooked food.

I just read over all the "old blogs" about this restaurant---and noticed the one written in February of 2013, had some wrong information that I would like to correct.
First of all, I lived in Scottsdale for over 15 years and ate out every day of my life.
Don't believe there was a restaurant in Scottsdale that I have not  experienced--from a 1 star to a 5 star.
I moved to Mesa a couple of years ago, and found it difficult to find good restaurants that were not "franchises".
Someone recommended Fran's Place to me---and I have been a "regular" ever since.
Back to the gal that wrote in last February.
First of all, Fran DOES NOT SMOKE----never has---and whoever was smoking in front of the door---definitely not her----and if it was one of the waitresses--they would not be smoking at that location.
Secondly, her omelettes are the best I've ever had---definitely not a "franchise taste"-----and those are definitely not "boxed hashbrowns".
Fran makes many of the soups, the daily specials, and her son, Brian is the chef, and his wife, Brenda also prepares some of the specialties as well as being a waitress ---and between the three of them, the food they prepare is just downright outstanding---truly homecooked--as good or better than my Mother's.
I don't believe I've been disappointed in anything I've ordered there in the past two years.
Fresh fruit and vegetables daily--best real mashed potatoes and gravy, sandwiches, all breakfast items---soups are fantastic---I just love this place----the gals that work there are friendly and the atmosphere reminds me of "Cheers"----it's not uncommon to have people talking with one another from table to table.
Remember, it's a "hole in the wall"---but the only 5 STAR "hole in the wall" I've experienced in my 18 years in Arizona.

Really good home cooked food!!
:)  Very cozy place... With very nice employees... Got to meet Fran...she goes around every table greeting... Of course when she's there.
Really little place...
But food delish!!
I recommend it!

We've been here b4 with no major problems but today was horrible!
Everywhere had a wait this morning.. Now i know why Fran's didnt.
Hardly anyone there yet we waited almost 15 minutes to have our order taken.. From that point on nothing but bad service the waitress acting so busy hardly doing anything and once the food finally arrived it was a total mess and just completely tasteless?
Mess up bacon n eggs really????
Won't b back here.. Next time we'll b waiting "somewhere" for great food!
Sorry Fran your employees aren't doing a good job for your business at all.

Always on the lookout for good breakfast spots.
The service was friendly, the food was very good.
We had an egg/bacon/pancake combo, a side of biscuits and gravy, and an omelette.
All were better than average.

We visit Mesa often and Fran's Place will always be our favorite spot for breakfast.
Service is not fast but the food is worth the wait, you won't be disappointed.
The bacon is so flavorful, omelettes are amazing and I love that we can add onions and peppers to to the home fries!
Thank you Fran Brian and Brenda for a good ol'  American breakfast experience.

Home made!
Very unassuming!
And spot on.
Nothing complex and not fancy maybe even a bit grungy but a must try for a classic breakfast.
Even Matt 2 says it's a 4 out of 5, though not fine dinning like Over Easy.

First time there.
Food was very good and not so spicy that you can't eat it.
You can always spice up your food if you like it that way.
Service was a little scatty but overall worth the wait.
Everyone very friendly.
The place is not fancy but warm & welcoming.
Will return.

Service was awful.
I tried Tuesday special Pastie; it was horrible and way overpriced.
Not a true northern Michigan pastie.
Very small portion with roast beef and celery which are not ingredients in a traditional pastie.
Skip this place for lunch .

This place is loaded with old farts but the food is decent down home fair and the service for the most part is good

We have gone here for breakfast a few times.
It is a great breakfast place with reasonable prices and good portions.
It is simple food but done correctly which seems to be hard to find nowadays.
Example, order bacon extra crispy or an egg sunny side up and they will actually come to your table that way.
The only advice that I would have is that dine in is a better experience than take out.

Simple old time American food.
Nothing to shout about.
It is made there ... okay.
Small place.
Staff was okay friendly.
Coffee was like dark water - no flavor - go find a Starbucks if you want coffee.
I will not eat here again.
Expensive for what you get.

I have eaten here several times.
Food is simple diner food, not over the top but really  good and home made quality.
A few specialties are really outstanding (e.g.
stuffed cabbage).
As with any sole proprietorship, diners will experience some unevenness in service and food, but that is to be expected.
If consistency (i.e.
sameness) is desired, then one would probably be better off at a chain, like Appelbees.
My aging mother-in-law particularly likes it since it reminds here of a 50's era mom and pop place.

Super quaint and cozy (see, small and old timey) great place for breakfast.
I think they are open on Friday evenings as well, but we have only been there for breakfast.
The food is home-made and you can tell everything is made with that rare ingredient, love.
I highly recommend this place, but don't go expecting some fancy/trendy type place.
This is old school, home cooking, with a super friendly staff!
Every time I try a new breakfast place, I always scan the menu for the elusive "Monte Cristo", so I was uber-excited when I saw it on Fran's menu and quickly decided that was my order.
Ordered with a side of hash browns (to which you can add grilled onions and pepper, which I recommend!
) instead of fries, and patiently waited.
Enjoyed a regular old cup of coffee, which was nothing special, but hit the spot!
The food arrived after a short wait (they were busy), and it was well worth it.
Many Monte Cristo's are deep fried, but Frans is not, so I was very excited about that!
Great flavor, they grill the meats before adding to sandwich, and everything was in perfect proportion.
And the hash browns with onions and peppers, seems simple right??
Well it's that LOVE I mentioned before, that make them extra freaking tasty.
Yum.
Now I am hungry.

Hole in the wall bliss.
Yum - eeee!
Honest down home comfort food.
The biscuits and gravy were amazing.
Hash browns are a MUST!!

