This is a new Thai restaurant that has opened in ne Mesa   It took over the old Roma Italian bldg on recker and mckellips  I had the green curry with chicken and veggies  delicious.
And the pad Thai made with a wider noodle also very good also w/ lots of chicken  and the pot stickers good but not my fave .the staff is friendly .

The Rating is just a stop gap till I try it out.
haven't really tried it out yet.
Heard about it from a "close" friend.
Went in on a Saturday evening and found it somewhat crowded.
This used to be an Italian restaurant.
The ambiance was decent, but wasn't really hungry enough to sit down and eat.
Will try it the next time I am around the vicinity

I would like to start out my review with a warning to DIABETICS.
The sauce they use is extremely sweet.
It's some kind of super sweet syrup with salt and spices.
It would be a good idea to get the sauce on the side.
Other than that, the service is excellent!
The decor is very nice.
I couldn't help but notice the beautiful metallic paint on the walls.
The menu offers a great variety and over all the food is excellent.
They are closed on Mondays.

Good new Thai place in Mesa.
Compared to Thai Patio, the portions are huge and just as good, and they usually get the spicy level just right for both me (3.5 on a 1-5 scale) and my girlfriend (2) on the curry.
They have a fried shrimp appetizer that's also pretty good - definitely my favorite Thai in the area.

The only positive thing this place has going for it is the decor.
I had Green Curry Chicken, but it was unlike any I had had before ... and not in a good way.
What I remember clearly is that the vegetables were cut/sliced too big, not cooked long enough and the sauce was very, very bland.
The food implied a technical familiarity with the the ingredients of Thai food but a complete lack of the artistry of it.
Thai food is all about a balancing of flavors and mouth sensations... 5 R Cha failed at that... miserably.
I've had frozen Thai dinners that were better.

Awful salty, chicken with unfresh aftertaste, lousy service  Never again.
Used to be good but went downhill quick after they RAISED the prices.

I've eaten here before and even though my first few experiences were good, I have had two bad experiences in a row.
Today the pad thai I ordered was goopy and bland.
It was supposed to be a "3" on a scale from 1-5 but I think it was a big zero.
I took my food to go and doubt I'll finish it.
Even the flag hanging outside the restaurant is in shreds.
It looks like they just don't care anymore.

Had chicken & shrimp pad thai was very tasty and fresh, came w 8 large shrimp and enough for 2 meals so was worth the $14+.
Crab Rangoon was just okay needs a bit more cream cheese a little too much imitation crab taste, ill be skipping that next time!
Still 4 stars for the entree and freshness!

I was in Thailand for 11 months while in the US Military and I believe I know good Thai cuisine.
This is the best Thai food I have found in Arizona.
For my first "test dish" in any Thai restaurant I always order Pad Thai.
It is a common Thai dish and any good restaurant should know how to prepare it well.
The Shrimp Pad Thai I ordered here was excellent .
The shrimp were large and fresh.
My family all ordered take out and I sampled a little of their dishes also.
Everything was excellent and priced reasonably.
I live in Tucson and have yet to find Thai food this good in my home town.
The next time I visit the Valley I plan on trying the restaurant they have in Tempe.

As a person with a strange addiction to Thai food, I took the risk and entered this Thai food establishment in the middle of my new desert home.
Mesa, AZ.
The venue is well decorated and we were greeted quickly.
The server was very well mannered and prompt with his service.
We ordered up off of the lunch menu, Pad Thai (chicken) and Sweet and Sour (chicken) and an appetizer of Calamari.
The Calamari was great!
nice and crispy.
The Sweet and Sour chicken was different then we have ever had, however, still very tasty and good.
The Pad Thai.....this is where I became a little disappointed.
The noodles were sopping wet, I didn't order soup!
And the portions were a little bit on the skimpy side.
Not enough chicken to crispy tofu ratio compared to the amount of wet noodles I was eating.
I will give this place a second chance.
so look for an update.

5 R Cha Thai Bistro has consistently fresh, tasty food.
Don't let the slightly tricky restaurant name turn you off.
The staff are quick and efficient and the venue is roomy and comfortable.
Plus, there's always sports on a large flat screen TV.
I highly recommend the Chicken Pad See Ew and Thai Tea.
For a corner restaurant, this is a hidden gem.
(There's plenty of room for wheelchairs/powerchairs.

Seems like it's getting easier to find good Thai in Mesa!
Dropped by Friday night.
The parking lot looked busier than the it really was.
Very pleasantly surprised with the interior.
It's got a cute little outdoor area and the inside is tasteful and not gaudily decorated.
The service was very good.
We had Sweet and Sour chicken which was different than we're used to, but still very good.
Also ordered up some Tom Yum with shrimp at a hotness of  #4 (out of 1-5).
It was nice.
I think next time I'll go for 5 though as the 4 didn't even make me sweat a little.
The side of vegetarian pot stickers were good.
All the food came out quick and was extremely hot and freshly cooked.
The men's room was clean and tidy.

5 R Cha is my favorite Thai restaurant in the Valley.
The ingredients are fresh, the staff is friendly, and the restaurant is clean.
The won-ton soup is by far the best (and freshest) I have ever had.
I will advise, I love "hot" and I can't handle 5 R Cha's "5".
They definitely add more heat than most places, which is fine, it's Thai food, but just a warning to those who don't like things hot.

This place has great food.
I am never disappointed when I go and I ordered different things on the menu.
Their service is quick and easy the facilities are clean and everyone is always courteous.
I really like their green curry and wonton soup.
I swear it helped cure my cold!!
LOL!!!
They deliver too!!
Always a plus in my book.

Wow!!!
I am in love with 5R Cha Thai Bistro.
The yellow curry was amazing.
Full of flavor, sweet and spicy and fresh.
The service was top notch friendly and a relaxing quiet atmosphere.

Awesome.
pud thai very flavorful and the shrimp was cooked perfectly.
It was cooked  native thai heat

Fantastic!
I had the masaman curry and it was better than expected.
I traveled all the way to Oregon for this quality curry so I'm thrilled to find this so close to home.
I highly recommend this plate.
Service was excellent as well.
Can't wait to go back!

Went out to dinner with my cousin nd brother on a wed evening and settled on 5r cha  in mesa.
We were seated immediately (we were the only ones there) more people were ordering takeout.
Our drink and food order were quick and service was very friendly.
My brother and cousin ordered the specials:  a lobster noodle dish and a seafood saute.
I ordered a vegetable noodle dish.
Each order came separate and piping hot.
None of us were disappointed with the food or service.
Would definitely come back again.

Great service here and love the food.
Always tasty with lots of flavor and big portions.
We make it this a regular dinner date in Saturdays.

Amazing, thorough service!
:) 5 stars Delicious pineapple curry & fresh spring rolls!
5 stars.
Pad Thai is a bit dry & bland for my taste.
3 stars.

Pretty good.
Had the yellow curry.
Not too spicy not too sweet.
The soup that came with the meal was a tad sweet, but not bad.

We have been looking for our 'go to' restaurant since we moved.
We happened to go here on a whim one evening - and boy am I glad we did.
This is my new favorite place.
The food is fantastic, it's a nice calm atmosphere, and the staff is super friendly!
I'm also very excited that they deliver.
I am new to Thai food, so the staff has always been great at helping me find something that I will enjoy.. Everything that I have had is delicious.
I love the Thai tea, and tonight I tried the pineapple curry and was very happy with my choice.
I've been there twice within the last 2 weeks, and can't wait to go back!

Had lunch here for the third time in a month and each time was better than the last!
Server was extremely knowledgeable of the menu and offered great recommendations when asked.
Food, above and beyond.
Nice large servings, even at lunch.
The PZ Noodles were so good I took a full order home to share with the family last time.
The kitchen is also good at getting the spiciness just right.
Today we tried the Sweet and Sour w/shrimp, Chow Mein Noodles w/beef and a Ginger dish w/chicken.
We shared the three dishes with 3 of us and even had some leftover.
Not alot of customers during lunch, but we found it a great time to come since some evenings they are waiting out the door......thats a very good sign that this is a good place to Thai!

This place is great!
We recently moved to the Mesa area from Chicago.
We've been here several times and I've tried something new each time and everything has been fantastic!
And to top it off the service is always friendly and fast.

Oh .... my.....God!
5 R Cha  Thai Bistro is a wonderful alternative to Mexican food in the Mesa area.
I loved everything about this place: (1) the food: (2) the staff: (3) the ambiance: (4) the parking; (5) the location: and (6) the incredible warm and welcoming service.
The menu has a great selection of dishes.
There is the typical curry, but there is the crispy, fresh Green Papaya Salad.
The Penang Curry is rich, and the spice level of this dish is your choice.
The delicious Green Tea ice cream with Roti is also great.
I think some of these dishes have a Malay/Thai fusion and that is a great idea.
I love this place!!!

I am so glad we tried this place, love the yellow curry...wish I could have it everyday.
polite waitresses and great food, been back twice already.
try this place and you will love it!!

So sad.
We live nearby and though we would throw some local business their way.
Wife is Thai and the food is bad.
It is edible but I can't tell if they are bad cooks or just adjusted so much for White folks that the food barely tastes like Thai food.
So, So sad.

Went here for lunch today.
The restaurant is clean and modern , very pleasant.
I had crab fried rice, which had 5 ounces of crab on top of the fried rice with large pieces of fresh crisp vegetables.
The portion was huge.
My boyfriend had the BBQ steak with some sort of dipping sauce , fresh vegetables, rice and a vegetarian egg roll.
Even his lunch portion was large.
He said it was one of the best lunches he's ever had.
All dishes can be ordered on a hotness scales of 1-5.

Great food and great service.
Not the cheapest Thai food but definitely worth the price.
They were referred to us by our Thai friend and love this place too.
We recently moved to Mesa from west LA and got use to eating in Thai town and natalee thai.
This place has satisfied our cravings for LA Thai.
Any SoCal people reading will know what I mean.
It's hard to compete with SoCal asian food of all nationalities...

Try looking at the behind the scenes operations of this place, mainly the cleanliness in the kitchen.
The dining area is nice, and the food can be pretty tasty, good if you get the right thing.
I used to like eating here a lot, until I saw the kitchen.
Could be better, could be worse, good regular corner spot.

