I went to Kens Nails on Tatum a couple weeks ago and finally found my go-to nail place!
The staff was friendly and helpful and it's a nicely decorated spa.
I went in to get a mani/pedi and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of service.
Mandy was my manicurist and she was wonderful.
I got the gel nail manicure which was only $30 and the spa pedi which was only $32 and amazing!
I am looking forward to going back.

the ladies at ken's aren't as rushed as other places so i like that they spend extra time on my cuticles.
mani and pedi w/ polish and callus remover runs about $45, about the same as other places.
they are usually busy and i'd recommend appointments.

For a new shop was doing a good business.
I waited about 5 minutes for my nails.
Did s good job and offering discounts.
I'll go back.

Skip it.
I could barely communicate with my manicurist.
When I pointed out a spot on my nails that was from the polish during the gelish application, my manicurist hollered something in another language to the other employees.
Three women came up and said "no that's your nail.
" When I disagreed, they threw their hands up and walked away.
They also tried to swipe my AmEx twice before telling me they don't take it.
Not a pleasant experience overall.

I finally found my local nail place, that I actually enjoy returning to!
They are always so friendly and clean!
I have never had any issues.
I have had to wait before due to the business but they always quote times correctly, and they take reservations too.

Definitely one of the cleanest places I've been to to get a pedicure.
The staff members were friendly and not pushy like at other places.
Plus, their chairs are brand new!
Prices are fair.
Had a really nice experience, will go back!

I have been going here for about a year, and have never had a bad experience.
The prices are competitive and the staff is nice.
I like that they offer a bottle of water to you after you sit in the chair for your pedi.

I've been to Kens on 2 prior occasions and had good service.
This morning I made an appt for 2pm for a pedicure and gel manicure at the same time.
No problem I was told.
I arrived on time and was asked to be seated at a nail tech station.
I explained I had an appt for combined services and was told there wasn't an avail pedi chair.
No problem.
Once a chair was avail, of course they would just transfer me over, right?
NOPE!
The salon took care of a 2 separate walk-ins BEFORE they took care of a repeat customer who had made an appointment and gives good tips.
Unacceptable customer service.
After 25 minutes, a party of 3 obnoxiously loud folks from the South are escorted to chairs.
Stunned, I told my tech that I was only going to do nails and he looks up at me and says, "sorry about that"   It gets better....  My tech, who by the way did a meticulously nice job on my gel manicure, was nice enough to use a business card as a color swatch.
45 minutes later I pick up the color swatch along with my cell phone and pay for  the mani...1/2 of the services that I had expected to receive at the same time since the babysitter meter was running.
(I still left him 20% tip by the way).
I walk out the door and noticed red color on my chest and drops on my maxi dress, then notice it's on the palm of my hand.
I looked down and see red polish all over my cell phone and inside my beloved handbag!
CAUTION:  gel polish doesn't dry unless it's cured with clear coat.
I had no idea and obviously the tech didn't either because I reached over to get the card from his side.
I did my best to channel my inner Jackie O. and calmly walked back in to inform my tech what happened.
He replied with "oh no" and a a nervous laugh and then just looked down WORKING ON A PEDICURE!!!!!
Another gentlemen walked over with acetone and a cotton ball and was nice enough to try to help me.
Thank the lord it came off my fancy handbag and phone.
My favorite go to maxi dress is now stained.
Hey, I wasn't expecting a mani on the house (although places like Allure Nails at the Promenade and Nails on the Rocks in Carefree would have comped me I'm sure), but at a minimum I should have gotten a sincere apology from the tech who let me pick up that business card.
Shame on him.

First time and will never go back.
The poor manicurist that I had it was her first day and the other employees weren't helpful to her to find the supplies and my tech had to keep getting up to find things.
Does not seem to be a real good working atmosphere and I could certainly tell when I was there just a few minutes.
There was no thank-you except from my poor tech and all the other employees treated me the same as the poor tech.
I will never go back and would suggest to anyone else not to go.

I had a gel mani and pedi in June, and it was a lovely experience.
The tech who did my pedicure was obviously new, and she was very slow and thorough.
Great massage, very little chitchat.
I chose gels because I was traveling and didn't need chips.
Mandy, the salon manager did the gel polish on both my hands and feet, and she was awesome!
This salon has tons of colors and multiple brands of gel polish to choose from.
I went with OPI, and that was a great decision.
Two months later, my slow growing toenails are still perfect...not one chip!
My feet are overdue for another pedi...need those calluses scrubbed and smoothed!
Everything was extremely clean, including the restroom, and Mandy stayed late to finish me.
I arrived at 5 pm, went right back to my pedi throne, and did not leave until after 8 pm.
I'm eager to try their Goodyear location, which is much closer to my home in Surprise.
I hope they are just as good!

The technicians here have always been kind, not too pushy, and do a great job.
I have even taken my 7 year old there and they were patient with her.
I am a rather shy and quiet person so when I go I really don't like to chat too much and I appreciate that they don't push the conversation.
I have been there a few times and I am actually bringing both of my daughters and my sister back this week.

Ive only been here twice and my first experience was decent.
I recently went to Kens for a spa pedicure.
The older woman who did the pedicure was really good until it was time for the hot towel.
She did not cool or air the steaming hot towel and sat it directly on my legs!
It was so hot it felt like she burnt me.
She did not seem to notice or care.
The other people working I saw had aired the towels out a little before applying it to the legs.
I could not believe this lady.
Will not go back.
Total bummer.

