My boyfriend is Colombian so were always trying to find anything "Colombian" in phoenix.
La tiendita is a cute family owned cafe that specializes in importing Colombian food products and some arts and crafts that advertise Colombia.
The cafe basically has well known Colombian snacks like arepas and empanadas.
I think the empanadas are ok but my bf says they aren't too great, same thing goes for the arepas.
If you end up liking them almost everything on the menu is available to purchase and cook at home.
I really like the mango juice with milk.
I get that everytime I go!
La tiendita is starting new promotional events like cooking a traditional Colombian recipe that isn't on the menu and serves it on the weekend.
One for example would be the tamales.
Colombian tamales are a lot different than the Mexican tamales.
Colombian tamales are distinctively wrapped in banana leaves and the tamales are HUGE filled with chicken (bone in) peas potatoes corn carrots.. la tiendita served this but the masa has no form it kind of just reminded me of throwup.
I did stomach the entire tamale to not offend the owners but that was our last meal (after la tiendita failed at other dishes).
I wish la tiendita wasn't there to make a quick buck teasing colombians with the hopes of having a taste of home and the food turns out to be a disappointment.
I was wondering if the cooks even tried the food or put thought into it before serving it....La tiendita cafe has left my boyfriend and I hopeless about South American cuisine in phoenix..

I am Mexican and my wife is from Cali, Colombia.
We found La Tiendita by searching the net for anything Colombian in this area.
I disagree with the assessment of the previous poster on the food.
Colombian tamales ARE quite different from Mexican tamales but are very tasty.
It is basically a stew of meat, potatoes, carrots and other veggies and rice loosely held together by masa.
I find it rather authentic.
I have traveled to Colombia more than 10 times and the food also meets with the seal of approval from my Caleña wife and countless other Colombian customers.
It has become a weekend tradition for us to ride on our motorcycle on weekends to sample the weekly traditional plate.
The food is tasty and plentiful, but a bit pricey when compared to Mexican fare.
My only disappointment is the lack of variety in the items that are available for purchase at the store.
When I first heard of this store I thought I would be able to purchase some Ron de Caldas and guarito but no dice.
Luckily those items are available online from wine suppliers at just about the same price as in Cali.
The owners of La Tiendita Cafe are a very pleasant couple and will make your meal enjoyable.
Enjoy!

I am a fan without even going there since I love, love, love Colombian culture and have been agonizing over where to get real OMA cafe.
I will try the empandas and hope they are good.
Every ciudad in Colombia makes them differently.
I liked the ones in Medellin the best, at El Machateca near to Hotel Dann Carolton.
Sigh... no more novia,  no more trips to Colombia.
I look forward to visiting La Itendita

awesome service and food wifey and I will definately be back !!
The empanadas were delicious , I had the special of the day and  It was so satisfying.

Really good, authentic colombian food as if your grandma made it :) alot of products from Colombia that you cannot find anywhere else.. Will be visiting again soon.

Amazing colombian food!
Very authentic and great service.
You can also find many colombian things to bring home like snacks and arepas :).
We love this place so much!

A taste of home is always welcome, and for this Colombiano, La Tiendita hits a home run.
I dropped in for lunch while in Mesa and found a clean, well-stocked store and friendly staff.
I had the chorizo con arepa and some empanadas for lunch, they were fresh, delicious and authentic in every way.
Having Caracol on the TV and a good inventory of Colombian goodies in stock was an added bonus and I'll be back soon on a weekend for the Bandeja Paisa, my favorite dish.
In a world of homogenized, look-alike, bland dining choices, La Tiendita stands out, as it should.
Drop in and taste the real thing.

Some of the best Colombian food I've had in America.
The Empanadas and Chorizo are well worth the 30 min drive from my house.
Also was able to buy some Manzana and Arequipe  to bring home!!

Wow no wonder this place has 8/8- five star reviews.
I'm adding the mine to the mix.
I was looking for a place to eat yesterday, Sunday after Day 2 of the Rubber Stamp Show at the Convention Center a few blocks away and a lot of places were already closed for the day or by 5 o'clock.
I found this one on Yelp and even though my tummy hadn't completely recovered from the stomach flu that I had a few days ago I decided to give them a shot.
Gut instinct, pun intended.
I sure wasn't sorry.
Being South American food I was concerned about it being too spicy for my still somewhat delicate condition.
I had nothing to fear.
I mentioned to the girl at the counter that I didn't want anything spicy and she assured me the food wasn't.
She asked if I would like some recommendations since I hadn't been there before and I agreed.
The first thing she did was smile and point to the Bono bread in the little display case to my right and told me how good that was which was totally true.
It was a dollar for one roll and was almost sweet enough to qualify as a cookie, very fresh and delicious.
It could have easily been eaten as a light dessert at the end.
FTR, I'm one of those people that doesn't usually order drinks because it's hard to pay $2 for something I can buy for a quarter from the grocery, but when I saw they had the fruit smoothie type drinks, or fruit juices they called them, I decided to try one out.
I believe they were $2.75.
I was going to get a fruit that I was familiar with like strawberry or Blackberry or guava but she recommended the Guanabana fruit drink and I decided to take her word for it.
She asked if I wanted it blended with water or milk and I thought milk would be healthier.
It too was extremely fresh and delicious.
I look forward to ordering a different flavor next time.
Then she told me about the daily special, a chicken dish with two sides, and pointed to a lady in a booth that had one in front of her,  It looked absolutely delicious.
It was $10.95 which seemed a fair price for the quantity of food and what I suspected would be the quality, but I I was a little worried that it might be too spicy or tomato-y so I decided to order ala carte off the menu.
I wanted to try the empanadas so I got a beef one.
It wasn't huge but it was delicious and homemade and seat well with my tummy and my taste buds.
The last thing I ordered was what they called a corn cake with shredded chicken.
It wasn't at all what I envisioned.
I was picturing a piece of cornbread like you would find in a southern-cooking place that had sort of a chicken gravy over the top.
I wasn't too far off with the chicken part but the "corn cake" was more like a thick tortilla.
That didn't matter because it too was mild and delicious, in fact so much so I was wishing there was some pepper to sprinkle over it.
Instead I sprinkled a little bit of the mildly spicy green sauce that came with the empanada over it and that livened it up a little.
Even though the portions didn't look large I got full before I finished and asked for a container to bring home about half of the corn cake with chicken which I ate later in the evening.
I didn't have room for any of their delicious sounding desserts so I will have to go back to try more things including the dessert.
In fact I'll have to go back several times I think to try various foods, drinks and desserts.
I suspect they will all be as delicious as what I had.
All I can say is a sure wish I'd found this place sooner although it is fun to find new places no matter how long I stay in an area.
I think I may have seen this place listed before but assumed it was yet another Mexican place and I don't eat a lot of Mexican food since I can get that in San Diego .
In talking with the clerk she had asked me if I had ever had Colombian food.
I told her about some of the various places I've been in the area that were Central and South American--Puerto Rican, Venezuelan, Salvadorian, Cuban, etc but she said that this place was the only Columbian place around.
I told her I could definitely taste that it was unique from the other places.
I forgot to ask her how long they have been open, if I might have overlooked them on previous trips or if they were recent .
And not to go too TMI on you the food sat VERY well on my iffy tummy.

I was looking for a place to celebrate my mother's birthday.
She is Colombian and I thought it would be great to find her some food from there.
I searched on Yelp and came across La Tiendita Cafe.
Although we live on the other side of town we decided to make the drive out there!
When we arrived we were greeted by German and his wife and immediately felt like home.
After a celebratory shot of aguardiente from a local patron we decide to order some food.
Everything we ate was delicious!
We had Empanadas (both beef and chicken), Bandeja Paisa and Picada.
Everything was delicious and authentic!
So glad we found this gem!
We will be returning and bringing our friends!
Also, a great little store there too, great place to find Colombian food, drinks and spices that are hard to find elsewhere!

This place is the best!
Best people, best food and now they serve drinks!
Awesome!
The only real Colombian food in the valley

Love this place!
Real Colombian food, Colombian coffee and friendly service.
And they now sell beer and aquardiente!

Stumbled across this place while playing with the nearby button on Yelp.
This is a very nice little restaurant serving some tasty authentic Colombian favorites.
The even have a swell little grocery area next door selling many of their goodies.
Inside is set up with the theme and colors of the county of Colombia.
You will see many decorations on the walls that are unique to their culture and way of life.
Puts you right in the mode for some excellent food that will make you smile.
Ordered the Delicious Bandeja Paisa plate on my first visit.
This is always one of my favorites and a good test for authenticity.
It was very tasty and made me want to come back for more.
Tried out the Carne en Bistec on my next visit with a Arepa con Queso on the side.
Food is very good and has a nice flavor profile.
This place is a true one of a kind in this part of town.
I've been to a similar restaurant in NW PHX and La Tiendita Cafe is definitely going to be on my new Mesa rotation list.
Service is extremely friendly.
Really enjoyed talking to the gentleman that works during the lunch shift.
He was very polite and spoke excellent English.
It was fun talking to him about tamales and how they wrap theirs in banana leaves.
I wanted to try some but he said they only make them during special times of the year.
Looking forward to trying out the Roasted Chickens and several other dishes that they thoroughly enjoy making.
Liked the Chorizo so much that I had to pick up some from their grocery store.
Brought them home and cooked them up for my wife.
Parking is a little tricky and they are somewhat difficult to see from the street.
There is still a lot of heavy lite rail construction in front of the complex at the moment.
Just take your time and you will not be disappointed.
¡BUEN PROVECHO!
4.25 STARS

First time trying spot out today.
It was very authentic columbian food.
I have been craving this for quite some time now.
Thanks God for YELP.
I finally found a awesome spot.
Bandeja Paisa was very good.
I can eat this everyday lol.
For $12.95 you get a bunch of food, but I was kinda disappointed when I saw the fried pork belly coz it was kinda small.
Everything is else is tasting real good though.
The Carne Bistec was also good.
The meat was soft and the empanadas are bomb.
Chicken or beef with some potatoes wrapped of the arepa ( I think) lol.
My overall experience was good.
The customer service was awesome.
Lots of recommendation.
A+++

I'm so glad I found this place!
The food is delicious way better than I expected !!!
I loved the chicharron will come back again for sure

I was told that there was only one Colombian Restaurant in Arizona and La Tiendita Cafe was it.
I had tried two other places in the past located in Glendale and Phoenix which by the taste of their food, it is justified why they no longer exist.
La Tiendita Cafe is a hidden gem!
The first time I showed up I ordered the lunch special which comes with rotisserie chicken, white rice, and salad.
The meal was fantastic and satisfying.
I also ordered the beef empanada, and let me say, they make a mean empanada like the ones my grandmother made when I was a kid.
I have returned several times and tried the "perico con chorizo" (eggs mixed with tomato, onions, and a Colombian sausage on the side).
I have also ordered the "Picada" (An assortment of fried delicacies) along with "Pan de Bono" (A delicious moist bread treat) and the famous "Arepas".
Everything taste so fresh and authentic.
It's like having a little piece of Colombia in Mesa.
German and his wife Marcela have been very friendly since the very first time I visited La Tiendita.
This is the place where you want to be for the World Cup!
They have a fully stocked bar and several TV's to entertain and satisfy everyone.
Don't hesitate to try this great representation of our Colombian cuisine and heritage.

This is a small Colombian Cafe with a very small Grocery and Gift Shop.
They serve only Colombian Beverages and our waitress suggested getting a Juice that they blend with Ice or milk.
I picked Passionfuit with Ice and it was delicious.
The waitress was very friendly and knew by looking at us that we weren't real familiar with Colombian Food and made suggestions for us so we went with them.
We started with a Arepa Con Quezo and it was tasty and tasted like a Corn Flour Pancake stuffed with Mild Stringy White Cheese.
I think anybody would like it.
I had the Arroz Con Pollo.
It was made with nicely cooked flavorful chicken,rice, red bell peppers, maybe yuca root, and that familiar frozen mix of Greenbeans, Peas, Carrots and Corn.
The dish tasted good but had a high level of salt in it.
Oddly this dish was topped with Ketchup (possibly a Colombian Thing I'm not familiar with).
On the side were Seasoned Fries that seemed like from Frozen.
The salad on the side was some iceberg and tomato.
Usually I'll give anyplace that prepares chicken well at least a four star rating but with all the frozen ingredients they used,  the salt, and the ketchup on top of food, I'm pushing my rating up to three stars and figure I just ordered the wrong thing for me.
3 Stars I'd give them another try when in the area.

The only and best authentic Colombian Restaurant in Arizona.
The food was fresh and tasty.
Food was served pretty quick.
We ordered bandeja paisa and picadilla for 4.
Both plates were delicious.
For drink you want to try their milk shakes all are so awesome.
Owner and sever were so friendly and helpful, great vibe!
There is also a little store where you can buy stuff from Colombia  I highly recommend this place

This is a very nice local place to try .We are satisfied and will be back for sure.I had the Lunch special chicken rice and salad and my husband had the banjeda with 3 meats and loved it !It feel like Home food well Prepared with the perfect balance of seasoning!
empanadas Are Delicious and fresh !
thanks again for this delicious Colombian meal!

This is a great place to get tasty Colombian cuisine.
They are very friendly, they have big screens.
The food is really good, and they have really good drinks.
Great place to go for Latino food and have a change from Mexican food (which I love) but is so prevalent here in AZ.
The food is not so spicy, but is very flavorful.
It's in a small shopping center, so it has a store front feel to it, but it's worth a visit.

First time eating here food was excellent great service and they have a full bar.
Prices are really good well worth it.

