The grounds at the Phoenician are amazing.
This hotel really is an escape from reality in the desert.
The golf course is crazy and the service is amazing.
Everything is manicured to a tee here.
We got upgraded from our room at the Phoenician to the Canyon Suites and boy were we happy.
The Canyon Suites are right off to the side of the main building and seem to be a bit more modern than the main building.
The pool at the Canyon Suites was nothing compared to the Phoenician, but we walked over and used the main pool on Saturday.
The pool service was great and very reasonable considering the price of this place.
I do think that the whole 'resort fee' thing is a bit ridiculous, but as a platinum SPG I didn't have to pay it.
The management of the whole Phoenician place is great and extremely willing to work with you to make the most of your stay.
My girlfriend and I really had a truly amazing time during our stay at the Canyon Suites.

service is great.
complimentary coffee and tea deliver to the room.
I really like the setting of the suite and a very nice size patio facing the swimming pool.
it's a quiet little complex next to the Phoenician.
if you are looking for something a bit quiet.
this is the place.
Too bad I came here when the weather is too cold to swim.
will be back again next year!

Absolutely beautiful grounds.
Golf course, restaurants, shops, botanical gardens, tennis courts...it's all beautiful.
Definitely book a room here as opposed to the main section of the hotel - I'm not exactly sure what the difference is, but it IS a different (and smaller) building.
Our room itself was nice, but the view was what made it amazing.
From the balcony, you can see the golf course, the mountain, desert views, cactus...everything.
And the service was great.
The only complaint is that when I booked my stay, I was told that each guest would be assigned an "Ambassador" who would help ensure a great stay, or whatever.
But throughout my weekend, this supposed Ambassador was never mentioned and didn't show up.
Not a big deal, but if you're going to promise that service, then you better deliver.
Otherwise, great stay.
I would highly recommend this hotel.
Great for a relaxing weekend.

We stayed in one of the 2-bedroom residences at the resort which I believe they also call "casitas".
It was sooooooo disappointing that I was is tears when we first arrived.
To start off, when I booked the reservation I was told the the 2nd bedroom had 2 queen size beds, which was absolutely imperative since I have to young daughters.
Well it turned out the 2nd bedroom only comes with one queen size bed, but oh wait "there's a sofa bed that can accommodate one of your daughters", is what I was told by the front desk manager.
When we opened the sofa bed to see what we were dealing with it was absolutely disgusting.
There was a box of crackers, an empty water bottle and dirty socks all smashed up between the mattress.
I could not believe it!!!!
I have never in my life seen anything like this from a "5 Star Resort".
In addition the rugs and carpet were filthy.
The management tired to fix whatever they could by cleaning and steaming everything I requested but the damage was done.
I still have a bad taste in my mouth from that experience.
By the way, did I mention that the rate for this 2-bedroom residence was $1499 a night.
Next time we'll stay at the Ritz Carlton.

WOWOWOWOWOW!!!
We sat on the patio at 9pm for just desserts.
Sweeping views of the city and surrounds.
A perfectly romantic getaway and the grounds are so breathtaking.
The only thing I'd say is that it's overpriced, but then again what isn't these days?
(and now I sound like my grandma)....this is what yelp has done to me.

Simply the finest hotel/resort I've ever stayed in.
Even though it was my first time there... they gave us a complimentary upgrade to the Casita / house /condo things when I plugged in my Starwood number.
I usually stay at the cheap-end of the Sheraton brand places and occasionally a Westin... but this is a Starwood property, so if you are an Starwood loyal business traveler, they seem to hook you up if they have the space available.
Service was exemplary, of course.
The bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in.
My wife and I pretty much fell in love all over again while there that weekend.
We'll definitely be back.
It's hot in August there though, I'll leave it at that.

It's a five star boutique hotel inside of a five star resort.
It's beautiful, quiet, the staff is lovely, they bring you free tea and coffee to your room in the mornings, there's a lovely wine hour each day at 4pm, the staff is impressively friendly and helpful, they'll golf cart or mercedes you to anywhere nearby that you want to go, and the infinity pool and hot tub in the back are gorgeous.
Great off season rates, too.

If you like luxury and the great outdoors in one this is a great property.
Very nice rooms and lots of beautiful trails to walk on and nearby hiking.
I am not much of a pool guy but even I couldn't refuse the cabana with your own bathroom and server.
A great way to spend an afternoon with a loved one or friends.
Just as an FYI the canyon suites are separate from the main hotel.
You must stay at the canyon suites to have full access or be invited if you are a guest in the main hotel.

Beautiful property, elegant rooms, friendly service, privacy and relaxation!
I'd recommend the Phoenician for food/pools rather than Canyon Suites.
They also didn't offer late check out even as a Platinum guest.
For St Regis prices, they didn't have butler service comparably..

Beautiful Hotel!!!!
This was the first time I have ever been to this hotel and it was amazing just walking in.
I came here for a conference so I cannot comment on the rooms or even the hotel staff.
We dealt mostly with the company putting on the conference.
The lunch provided was great as well as sectioning us off from the guest checking into the hotel.

Eat at the pool with our group of 7.
Gabe was our waiter.
Great food, wonderful service.
Will be back the next time we are in the area.

I feel like I went camping.
I don't know where to start!
My first room was infested with crickets.
Noisy chirping crickets.
I got moved across the property to another room (prepare to walk!).
The room looked like it hadn't been occupied in a while.
Within 5 minutes I captured 3 moths.
The toilet seat was broken and the sink drain lever was broken too.
I'm sure this hotel is a woman's dream...NOT!
The rooms here are nothing like I expected.
I've worked and lived in Scottsdale on and off for 10 years, so I had relatively high expectations for this hotel & the rooms.
My carpet was old and you could see the base boards since they didn't cut the carpet to fit the room.
The decor is awful unless you are born pre-1950.
The bathroom is spacious and somewhat remodeled - although the shower is tiny and the tub is 1/3 the depth of a normal hotel tub.
The sheets were marked up and overall this place just felt dirty.
I felt like I was staying in a two star motel.
I'm glad I wasn't paying for this hotel or I would have instantly booked a room elsewhere.
The Royal Palms down the street is much nicer!

We stayed here for our anniversary and loved it.
Rooms are beautiful and have a great view.
If you are looking for a more intimate get away from the kids the canyon suites are better and more quiet than the regular rooms and pools

Great place for a seminar/work function.
Despite its massive resort size, everything is pretty easy to get to.
The catering staff and food was great and not your typical fare (ricotta cheesecake with berry jam sauce?
YUM!).
I would definitely recommend them for other events.

You are greeted when you arrive by your name as someone waits for you on the stairs.
The suites are nicely decorated .
The pool service is spot on.
The room service is punctual and oh the spaghetti and veal meatballs are seriously divine..,no joke pasta looks and tastes homemade.
Separate from the main hotel which is nice because it more like the feel of a boutique.
A definite return is a must.

