Lucie's Lounge is a cool little bar that knows exactly what it is.
THe bartenders there are range from super nice and great with drinks to inattentive at worst, but they never get in the way.
The best part of this place is that the drinks are super cheap Happy hour or not, you can get your moneys worth of whatever you want.
Whats also cool about this bar is that they have comedy shows occasionally and on saturdays they do karaoke, which never falls short of entertaining.
Its a great local bar, and its one that likely gets passed by because of its location and that the exterior doesn't make it stand out at all.
But if you like dive bars then this'll be a great place for you

I was there for the first time on the evening of Wednesday, 12-25-2013.
I won't be going back.
They have what is billed as an "Open Mike Comedy Night" on Wednesdays, but unfortunately, it's run by folks who don't know what they're doing and have NO CLUE about how a comedy show should be presented.
For example, they billboard themselves as having a 9:30 PM start time, but at 10:25 PM, the "show" hadn't started yet, probably because the DJ/Host was high on something...  Also, the place was too damned noisy.
No one could carry on a decent conversation with all of the music blaring.
I was glad to leave, after almost an hour.
The pretty blonde barmaid on duty at that time was PERFECT; very attentive and friendly to her patrons, and most important of all, she was totally HONEST.
I sincerely hope she finds a good job, elsewhere.

This place is a dump and that is a compliment for the neighborhood it's located in.
If you have a fear of being mugged, shot, or raped then stay away...and I mean during daylight hours too!
This place makes prison look like Club Med.
Too bad I had to chose a star or I would have rated it "no stars".

WHAT A DAMN SHAME!
New owners come in fire all the bartenders FOR WHAT?!?!
An over weight, non personality having, 1980's perm wearing NOBODY!
Who is to busy flirting with the guys playing pool to serve paying customers!?!?!?!!?
Are y'all serious?
The place is so dead the bartenders personality is dead.
And the sad looking girl charged me for drinks when I had money in the machine, which should have been comped cause i was playing.
That goes to show how desperate they are for money.
All in all I wont be coming back thanks for ruining my neighborhood bar by firing all the dope bartenders for your wack a$$ wife to bartender who sucks and is too busy flirting with the customers over pool to serve us.
Yall ruined a good neighborhood bar!
Wont ever be coming back thanks!

