They claim they've remodelled, and maybe they have - the hallways all smell like paint!
The ice machine in the elevator lobby is out of order, but you can get ice from the front office.
The bed is really firm, but not padded at all - you can totally feel the springs.
Their "Continental" breakfast would embarrass any European.
But hey, it's only $49/night on Expedia!

Stayed here over the weekend with a large group of friends between 3 rooms and thought it was comfortable and quiet enough.
And by that I mean when it was decided that my extremely loud group would go to bed, we weren't bothered by noise from anybody else in the hotel, or the tattoo parlor across the street from our room that blasted music all day and night.
The beds were comfortable enough for the price, the ice machine was busted, the tattoo parlor across the street blasted Pantera all day (which I thought was awesome), and the lot was almost always a cluster-f*ck due to the wedding chappel sharing the space.
Despite any short comings, the price was right for this place and I'd stay here again on a tight budget.
Bonus points for being walking distance to I Heart Arepas, which is probably some of the tastiest food I've ever eaten from a parking lot food-stand!

This is an economy hotel in a somewhat seedy part of town.
Quality is above a super 8, but not up to best western standards.
For $89 on a Saturday night stay however, when the larger hotels on the strip were averaging $400 a night, it was a pretty good deal.
It's located right next door to a cheesy las Vegas style wedding chapel (it actually shares the parking lot) and this actually adds a sort of interesting ambience to the experience.
The room was nothing fancy, but clean and the bathroom had been recently renovated.
Tv and Internet both worked well.
Front desk staff were friendly.
The major negative of this hotel is the location.
It's not on the strip, but it's only about halfway down to the downtown core, so there are vacant areas of land a few blocks in either direction and it was a bit creepy walking through there at night.
I'd recommend against walking, and instead take the double decker busses that conveniently stop nearby.
All in all, this is an ok place to stay if you're on a budget and don't mind the extra hassles in getting to the strip.

Stayed here for two days for i had an interview, and wanted a quiet place.this hotel was perfect, staff was nice and friendly on check in,my room was nice and clean.
Nonoise at all during the night,and i was on the Chapel side,plenty of channelson the TV, i had free wifi in my room.
Staff was excellent at checkout,believe the Girls name was Erica, very nice,she was excellent.
i will definitlely stay here again

I've stayed here multiple times, usually three to five days at a time.
This is a low-cost place to sleep in a so-so neighborhood.
But, it's obvious that the management and staff are trying hard and they are fully engaged.
The rooms are spotless, the selection of satellite channels is good, and the free wi-fi has plenty of bandwidth.
If I had a complaint, it would be that the Queen-sized beds come with only two pillows and the house-keepers leave only one serving of (pretty good) make-in-your-room coffee.
I usually request a 3rd floor room--to avoid the possibility of a 300-pounder, or 3-year old twins, winding up in the room above.
There are several value-priced restaurants within walking distance--try the seedy little Cuban place just north of the motel--say hello to Mamacita for me.
Boston Pizza (a first-tier candidate for 'Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives') has the best Philly Cheese Steaks between L.A. and the "City of Brotherly Love" (actually one of the snarkiest cities in the US!).
:-)  In spite of what some people would assume by "so-so," the area is reasonably safe 24/7 --as is most of Las Vegas--except for the hustlers and cons on the actual strip (Las Vegas Blvd far south of this location).
Don't count on breakfast actually being a meal at this property--one or two kinds of cold cereal and some bread for toasting.
The good news is that there is a Denny's just down the street and a 7-Eleven just across the street for the snack-cakes-and-coffee junkies.
$1.10 Hot Dogs!!!!
If you are visiting "Lost Wages" for the first time, BE SURE to read the "fine print" on sites like Expedia, Priceline, etc.
Many of the great deals offered by most of the hotels and casinos in Las Vegas (including all of the major players) demand "amenity fees" which can add $15 or $20 to the cost of each night's lodging.
As of this writing, there is no such fee at this Super-8.

bad bad bad never again th curtains too small for the window the ac not working tv had static no blankets on both beds wifi not working office said and the parking sucks had to share it with a wedding chapel so when we came back from the strip had to part down the street because of a big wedding we left the next day.
im telling my family,friends and coworkers don't ever stay at super 8 motels

Avoid this place at all costs.
Terrible!
Crappy beds, shady clientele.
One night fire alarm went off at 4 am for a full hour.
Another night neighboring room played extremely loud music all night - with no help from the staff.
The deadbolt on the door did not work - and the door itself did not shut all the way.
When the wind was blowing it would creak.
Wi-fi worked - sometimes, but not consistently.
I will never stay here again and suggest you avoid it.

Very nice staff, when I got there I was asked what kind of room I want (1st/2nd floor, w/ balcony or w/o, etc.
) and I only paid $40 for a pretty big deluxe room.
It was surprisingly quiet all night long, probably the most quiet motel I've ever stayed in.
It's located a few walking minutes from the "Little white chapel" in downtown LV, there were a bunch of sketchy figures out on the streets, but the motel didn't feel unsafe or sketchy.
They told me there is a $25 pet fee, but in the end they didn't end up charging me for it - I assume it is more of a security in case the pet makes a mess and they have to extra clean the room.
Oh and 24h service in the lobby - I was able to check out at 5am.

Dirty!
The curtain is broken, the bed is bad and dirty.

Wanted something cheap to sleep over for a night.
$40 bingo !!!
People complaining should go for $200 per night hotels.

What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas...unless its a Yelp review!
This is not the worst  hotel I have ever stayed in, not far off but definately not the worst.
We were a group of guys from Arizona going for a long weekend in vegas.
We literally only needed a place to crash in between having ourselves a good time.
This place fitted the bill pretty well.
This aint the sort of place to stay if you rlooking for a rlaxing quiete weekend in Nevada, if however you are a loud bunch of drunk guys (We may have been) then this place is fine!
Cheap and local to the main strip, its good for party groups not expecting luxury.

Very nice helpful people work here.
Price was so cheap I was worried it was going to be a dive....BUT IT WASNT!
The employees went out of their way to help guide us and give helpful tips!
Money isn't an issue, just wanted a bed and a place for my doggies to rest while being out on the town....and it did just that!
Clean, quiet, and we didn't have a maid hammering on the door at the crack of dawn!
If you want to spend your money while your eyes are open INSTEAD of closed, yet still have the security and peace of mind....this hotel will satisfy!
AND it's pet friendly!
My pups are my "other" children literally!
I was at ease leaving them in hotel while on the town.

Nicht das schlechteste Motel, aber auch nicht das Beste.
Preis überzeugt, aber man darf nicht zu viel erwarten.
Als ich da war, wurden grad die alten Möbel und Röhrenfernseher entsorgt und durch neue ersetzt.
Scheint sich also zu bessern.
Stromleisten im Zimmer funktionierten nicht, und was in Vegas ziemlich scheisse ist, wenns kein Kühlschrank im Zimmer hat (gibts wohl nur gegen Aufpreis).
Die Gegend war okay: Mit dem Auto zu den Hot-Spots von Vegas sind ca.
5 Minuten, mit dem Bus ca.
15 Minuten.
Gäste im Motel waren ganz unterhaltsam, von betrunkenen Vegas-Touristen bis alten Pärchen war alles dabei.
Wer nur ein bis zwei Tage in Vegas bleibt, für den ist dieses Motel ganz okay.
Für länger würde ich nächstes mal wohl etwas mehr zahlen.

I stayed here for the last 3 nights.
The room keys seem to never work which has been an ongoing battle.
The room smelled of cat piss, literally.
The a.c. didn't do anything besides make a horrible sound.
The bed was very uncomfortable and squeaks loudly if you move even slightly which keeps you awake throughout the night.
Over half the outlets do not work in the room.
The first day I was checked in, one of the male staff kept using his keyboard to try and come into the room, thankfully it always flip the extra lock.
I finally had to yell at him and argue with the front desk.
They didn't know what he was doing and he insisted he needed to come in and clean, it was odd.
The wifi is a battle too, it works for a few seconds at best.

My girlfriend and I just stayed at this Super 8 and it was a great stay.
We finally took off on our much-needed vacation and are very satisfied with the nights we stayed here.
The service was just above and beyond...they were extremely patient and helpful, and always did all they could to fulfill our requests.
We were really impressed with their dedication to our needs.
In all honesty, it was solidly good value for the money we spent.
Not only this, but it was inexpensive too.
Instead of paying all the cash we had on the side for a hotel, I was able to take my girl to a mall on the Strip and buy her some clothes, which only made the vacation better.
Also, speaking of cash, the hotel had an ATM machine which was extremely helpful.
Our bed was very comfy and we really enjoyed sleeping in every morning.
The front desk informed us of all the shows on the Strip as well as good restaurants in the area.
As a matter of fact, I wanted to surprise her and take her to a nice fancy romantic dinner, and they really helped me find the most recommended restaurants and even called in and reserved us a table.
Also, since there are a few cab services in the area, they helped us find the least expensive service which was nice.
It was a great trip and we are very happy we stayed here.

