Anytime I can get all you can eat sushi, I'm a happy camper!
The service here was excellent and for $27 AYCE sushi the pricing isn't bad either.
However, this place is getting a 4 because the sushi could have been better.
Although the ambiance at Blue Fin isn't as nice as Samurai, the freshness of the fish and the flavors of the specialty rolls were much better.

Stay away from the soft shell crab!
Ordered the Crazy Philadelphia, while it was a heaping portion, it seems like they deep fried it to the point the rice was like mochi.
Bonzai roll had too much ponzu sauce but other than that it was good.
Gyoza and Creamy Shrimp was pretty good.
Expected the Orange Crush to be good but the spicy tuna with lemon and salmon just didn't work together... overall was not impressed.
Maybe again, maybe never again.....  To top it off, we asked to split the check and they billed it entirely on mine.

This is the Japanese restaurant that has taken over the building where Fukuda once was, at Sunset and Marks.
I have made a few visits already, and have been thoroughly impressed.
If you were a regular Fukuda patron, fear not - from what I can tell most of the food items are pretty much the same, and that's a good thing.
From what I can tell, the only substantial changes have been some of the decor, and some of the employees, and owners.
Each time I've visited, the staff have always been friendly, servers and teppanyaki chefs alike.
Everyone here seems to enjoy their job, and they create a solid, welcoming atmosphere.
The decor inside the restaurant is top-notch.
Not quite Benihana-level fancy, but there's only so much you can do with a building like this, and I think they have created a solid atmosphere in all aspects.
The food is nothing short of excellent.
I am typically a chicken and steak eater, and their teppanyaki takes on these items are great.
The soup and fried rice are amongst the best I have had in these kinds of restaurants.
With your meal, they even provide noodles, something not many other restaurants like this do - and they are quite delicious as well.
As far as pricing goes, they are more than fair.
I have seen similar items at other teppanyaki-style restaurants go for far more expensive prices - and they generally offer far less food with their meals.
These portions are large, and if anything, I believe you are getting an excellent deal here.
I wouldn't necessarily call this the best teppanyaki-style restaurant I have ever eaten in, but at the rate things are going, that could change very soon.
They have great staff, excellent food, a good atmosphere, and a convenient location.
For the time being I am giving this place a solid 4/5 rating, and that could be going up to a full 5/5 very soon.
Final verdict?
I strongly recommend this restaurant!

First off.
What a great experience.
Not sure what the other reviews are about but the food here was fantastic.
It was a Friday night when we (4) arrived to the place and man was it loud and fun.
As soon as we walked in we heard people yelling "Oyi Oyi Oyi" and pounding away sake bombs.
Awesome atmosphere.
We were instantly greeted by a hostess and were seated in front of a Teppan grill.
Our chef came and introduced himself to everyone and started cracking jokes and pour shots for everyone.
He did his performance, which was a lot more impressive than the other chefs i've seen at other teppan places.
The filet mignon, salmon, lobster, and jalapenos bombs were to die for.
The seasoning on the meat was splendid and the bombs had a kick to them.
Overall our experience was great.
We got trashed from sake bombs and ate great foood.
P.S.
the trick is to get the chefs hammered so they keep ordering alcohol and pull some crazy tricks!

I was heading towards the strip in Las Vegas with some friends a couple weekends ago, when somewhere along the way we diverged from our path, took a wrong turn, and found this gem.
We were too hungry to wait any longer and Teppanyaki sounded like a great way to start off our weekend, so we decided to go in.
It was the best decision we made because it was hands down the most exciting (and not to mention most delicious) teppanyaki experience I have ever had thus far!
There were some people at the bar and several other groups sitting at the other grills.
The ambiance is casual and trendy, and the service is exceptional, especially our chef!!
I so desperately wish I can remember his name!
He deserves credit on Yelp.
He was soo incredibly entertaining while skillful in the way he cooked our food.
The four of us ordered a LOT - lobster (my personal favorite), filet mignon, grilled salmon, fresh sashimi, jalapeno bombs (a MUST TRY if you're into spicy!!
), several side dishes such as miso soup (which was peculiarly tasty, much different from other miso soups I've tried in California), and salad, along with a whole lot of Japanese beers and sake.
We all had a ton of fun as they led us on with loud sake bomb chants!
Also, I can't forget to mention the special birthday treat.
It was my 21st birthday so they changed the music they had playing into an exciting "Happy Birthday" song for the whole restaurant to hear.
The curious attention of all the other customers were on our group.
The waitress brought out some free dessert, and everyone had a birthday shot with me.
What a great way to start off our weekend in Vegas.
Sigh, if only this place were closer to where I live in California...   We all thoroughly enjoyed our experience there and decided that whenever we choose to visit Vegas again, we will definitely be going back!
No doubt!

This place was Awesome.
Their food had Alot of flavor and our waiter needed a little personality check...overall would love to come back again for more :)

Dined in this evening at about 7:30.
There was a short wait at the door and the place was busy.
Got sat about 10 minutes later.
It was my first time in and didn't know what to expect.
I was pleasently surprised to see a few tepenyaki chefs working their magic.
I should have chosen to sit and enjoy the show.
I wanted a more intimate experience with my gf so we decided to get a table.
We were sat at a high back booth and it was private, exactly what I was looking for.
We started with Gyoza and spring rolls.
Not too pleased.
2 super tiny spring rolls for a high price.
We also ordered 3 rolls of sushi to accompany.
Our appetizers showed up quickly and then 40 minutes later still no sushi.
I then ordered 2 more rolls that never showed up until I had to flag down my server.
My original 3 rolls never arrived but the 2 I ordered afterwards finally arrived after speaking with my server.
We spent an hour and a half waiting and left unsatisfied and hungry.
By the time we were "finished" the restaurant was almost empty...I don't understand how you can forget 5 rolls of sushi...C'mon!
I will try this place again.
But this time maybe not stuck in a corner.
We will try the sushi bar or will sit with the tepenyaki chef.
It seemed everyone else was well taken care of.
1 star

Being here twice for work gathering.
This place is great, the service always excellent with friendly staffs and the cook is extremely entertaning.
The first time I was skeptical about the amount of food you would get for this type of place, let's put it this way I can barely finish my share.
The fried rice is absolutely delicious.
We always have a good time here.

We love this place.
We've tried just about every sushi restaurant in the Valley, and we keep coming back again and again.
Try the Sexy Girl - or, if you're planning ahead, order three of them as soon as you sit down, save yourself some effort.

We went here on Valentine's Day and I must say this is the best food and value I have experienced, ever!
The flavors were out of this world.
You can taste quality and authenticity.
I was not 100% in love with the plum wine but who needs it?
They have great deals on beer and the food is so good!

Love the Samurai here at home, so last week was in Vegas and took my niece to Samurai last week for 50% off sushi.
The sushi was awesome and the staff was great, very friendly and attentive.
The restaraunt was nice and clean.
Bruce is the best teppanyaki chef!!!!
If you have not been, you need to go!

I think this is my overall favorite AYCE sushi restaurant in Vegas.
Sure Goyeman might have more creative specials, and Twister might have faster service, and Island might have better sides, but they also have some big problems too.
Samuri has a wonderful selection of no rice options (lovely wrap, stuffed tomato, poke salad, screaming o, and 3 or 4 types of sashimi), great chefs that will customize for you, fast service (if you are the bar), and a pretty wide selection of nigiri, and a good selection of rolls that aren't all based on a california roll.
Plus the restaurant is spacious, so you never feel crowded, and we've never had to wait for a table.
Last two things, they don't do a stamp card but their prices are a buck or two cheaper than the places that do, so it evens out.
And they are currently running a special of 50% off all sushi, so if you aren't that hungry this is another good option.
Only bad side, they keep the restaurant on the cold side because of the teppanyaki tables, so you may want to bring a jacket...

AYCE Sushi Lunch was great.
I am not so familiar with different types of sushi, but I enjoy flavorful, unique food and Samurai delivered.
Went with friends and tried several choices.
I can not remember them all but Japanese Lasagna, Sexy Girl andSo Wrong (?
) were among our favorites.
Our server was very good, service was very good at the beginning, but became sporadic toward the end of our meal.
Did we wear out our AYCE welcome?
It was my first time here, friends had been before.
We'll definitely be back.

This place is great..
It is my families new favorite place to eat..
The kids love the show at the tepanaki bar and the food is excellent.
They keep it age appropriate so it doesn't make us uncomfortable.
The chefs are excellent showman and the food tastes great...

Came here after a bad sushi experience across the street.
Service was very good.
The sushi was very good and prepared much faster.
The wasabi was fresh.
Portions were larger as well.
We will be back.

I will not be returning to this place.
The customer service was horrible and the sushi was just ok.
The waitress got our order wrong and also forgot to put in my order for a spicy tuna roll.
When we brought it up she didn't even apologize and just gave us the check.
Not wanting to spend more money in that establishment,my husband and I promptly went to Yummy Grill down the street.

We stopped by for an AYCE sushi dinner on a Tuesday night.
Wasn't very busy, so service was quick and friendly.
The soft shell crab, agedashi tofu and mussel appetizers were good.
But the sushi rice was noticeably wrong.
It was undercooked and wasn't flavored properly.
Basically, the sushi was okay.
There are better AYCE sushi places for the same price, but if you are nearby and are hankering for some quick sushi action, this place will suffice.
If you are a little more discerning and can stand to drive a bit, do so.

Absolutely the best Tepan Yaki in Henderson, right next to Sunset Station Casino.
I've been going here for several years (it used to be called Fukuda) and have always found the restaurant very clean and with excellent fresh ingredients.
I've never had the sushi here, but every time I go for tepan the sushi bar is loaded with people!
I could only suggest two things to improve the dining experience:  (1) Get rid of the fantastically bad music that is always playing, (2) Have the chefs offer to prepare cooked sauces (like Musashi on Paradise).

Love samurai sushi chefs,the two Kevin

This is the best all you can eat sushi in place in Henderson!!!
They have a very good selection in the menu to choose from and quality of food was great.
Definitely somewhere I'd come back to.

Came here on Sunday At 1130 am to have a celebratory birthday lunch with my son's friend.
I enjoyed coming here before it gets too busy!
Ambiance - 4 star very nice and just right amount of lighting.
Nice and roomy with bar area, sushi area, teppanyaki, normal seating.
There are three main teppanyaki areas that are two grills per area and seating for 20.
However 2 of the seats are an add on as it seems someone bridges the two 9 seat grill areas with an extended table ao two can fit.
I would not want to sit at that spot!
The chef- 5 star-  John the chef for  teppan yaki was great!
Entertaining, fun, listens to you and makes you feel very comfortable.
Ask for him if you go there.
Menu - 5 star - awesome menu from sushi to teriyaki to combo dishes to teppan yaki, all the choices for all tastes!
The food- 2.5 star.
Hmm maybe coming on Sunday was not the right timing.
A.  Miso soup 1 star.
Uninspiring and not tasteful.
Almost water like.
The consistency was very diluted.
The miso was not suspended well in the broth and the broth was  well watery.
Salad - 1 star - they serve the salad with Miso Dressing and the salad was drenched in this!
The bottom inch of the bowl was full of miso dressing.
Liquid.
Japanese food is all about subtlety and this was not subtle.
C. Teppan yaki-  3 star - we ordered 4 orders of steak and lobster and they only had three.
That is odd and yet they did offer to split it four ways and brought lots of shrimp.
So that was a great solution.
The steak was good, the chicken good, the salmon great, the fried rice nice.
Okay stuff overall.
A big believer in Japanese food and natural flavored and since there is so much sauce I say this was good just hard to compare.
I like the place.
I think it is a good place to entertain friends.
The entertainment factor is great,  the teppan yaki is okay too.
I will be coming back to try the sushi as many yelpers rave about this!

While it is off the beaten path of the usual sushi restaurants on Eastern or Rainbow, Samurai Japanese does a pretty good job of cooking up some AYCE sushi or some tempanyaki style grill action if that is more your speed.
However, if your just looking for a couple of rolls and don't feel like stuffing your face until you tap out, they have been offering a 50% all rolls and nigiri for quite some time now.
Of the last few times I have been, the service has been on par and the food is pretty good.
I mean you do get what you pay for, but I think here, you get a little more bang for your buck compared to many other sushi restaurants in town.
I don't have any particular rolls that stand out in my mind as amazing, you must try these when you are here, but I am a huge fan of the cajun albacore and garlic ahi.

Today was craving Salmon or Tilapia for lunch.
Was in the area and I see the sign "50% Suishi".
Well, that got me and decided to stop here.
Let's start with the staff...all pretty good.
Only issue I had is when I first got here.
The place wasn't busy at all and they told me to sit anywhere.
The first place I chose, they told me to move.
The second seat I chose, they still told me to move.
I guess it's sit where you like except here, here, here, or here.
Finally seated in a little corner/cubby type area.
They wanted me close to the sushi chef.
Let's look at the price.
AYCE is about $20 for lunch, which is average to everyone other Sushi Restaurant out here.
If you are getting just one or two rolls, it's cheaper to get their 50% off sushi.
I have to admit, their 50% sushi is cheap.
One of trhe cheapest I've seen in town.
Reviewed the menu and decided on 3 different rolls and some calamari.
Did the math and it was cheaper if I got the AYCE.
My Complaints:  Bottom line, you get what you pay for.
-Calamari:  It was a full serving.
I expected your typical tiny fried calamari that you find at sushi restaurants.
But it was so greasy that I thought I was eating onion rings.
The calamari was also served with sweet and sour sauce, which I was not use to.
-Sushi:  Had the Spider Roll, Red Rock, and Tiger Roll.
I was a bit disappointed.
All rolls were loose and all had more rice than substance.
I don't know about you, but sushi shouldn't be eaten with a spoon.
The rolls would break at the slight touch, that you had no choice but to use a spoon/fork.
You know the rolls are loose when it's even served to you broken up.
Taste wasn't the best either.
Not sure if it was not fresh or was it due to me having better in other places.
-Dessert:  Wanted the Fried Vanilla Ice Cream, but the place was out of vanilla ice cream.
C'mon man.
I did not have a great experience here.
But I will still try them at least one more time.
Looking at the menu, their steaks look good and are pricey.
The Tepan Yaki looks to be their specialty.
This review may not be a fair one since I had not tried these.
If my experience changes, then I will change my review.

Went here at 8ish on a Friday night & the place was dead.
We were seated at the grill & were told it would be 20-30 minutes before we could order because our party of 3 was the only one at the grill.
Option B was to sit at a regular table & we could order from the teppanyaki menu there.
We opted for that so we could order faster.
So to start, the fried rice and the rice in our Firecracker roll was gross and way over-cooked.
If there's ONE thing a Japanese place needs to get right, it's the rice.
Two of us ordered the filet steak, one medium-well and one medium rare - both were cooked WELL.
The third in our party ordered the NY steak, medium rare and it was also cooked WELL.
In addition to being over cooked, all of the steak was kind of flavorless and bland.
The teriyaki chicken was also overcooked and had a super bland flavor.
One of us got scallops, which were - you guessed it!
Over-cooked and bland.
Maybe the chefs are afraid of food poisoning and cook the crap out of everything, just to be safe?
I dunno, but over all I'd classify this food as merely edible and overpriced for what you get.
Oops, I forgot to mention that the service was non-existent.
Our waiter was pleasant, but I think we saw him maybe 2 times during our dinner.
We all left regretting our dining decision and mourning the small dent in our wallets :(

Love this place...been going here even when they were still Fukuda.
Like this place better than Benihana's or other Teppan place in the valley and price is quite fair.
I always leave this place stuffed.
Great teppan and sushi!

I have lived in Maui for 18 years and I know great sushi.
This place has great sushi and great prices.
I promise you will not be disappointed.

It almost felt like having an affair coming here, if you read my reviews you will find that I am a huge fan of Geisha House, but we were out shopping and this place was near by.
We had a little wait to be seated, no worries, we arrived shortly after the evening rush so expected a wait.
After being seated, we waited...and waited..and waited...Finally a waitress asked us if we were ready to order, I said "sure, let me get the Turducken with all the sides"  A blank look from the waitress....  "Oh you don't have menu's !
" she finally caught on....After that service was smooth.
Steak (new york) shrimp and chicken, fried rice and some veggies...  All in all pretty good, for the price very good.
Everything cooked well and it certainly hit the spot.
The only thing I will say is, it wasn't as good as Geisha House, the portions were larger (lots of shrimp) but Geisha House just plain tastes better.
This is of course subjective, both places are good, but Geisha House is till my true love.

3.5 stars averaging it to a 4-star because  it has 50% off on all sushi instead of paying all you can eat sushi.
We would usually go here when craving sushi & the sushi is good but nothing short of amazing.
The service is sub-par, you would always have to call for them to get your attention.
When its someone's birthday they blast their own version of a birthday song on their speakers and its pretty fun to listen and sing along with.

After passing by several times, I decided to give the Samurai a try for dinner.
The layout is pretty nice; they have a bar, teppanyaki grill, and seats.
The 50% sale is pretty legit with dishes as low as 2 bucks!
I'm definitely not a sushi connoisseur; I like to stick to the "simple" rolls like California and crunch (LOL).
Overall I had a good experience, the rolls I had were tasty and prices were on point.
I would definitely come here again and would like to try out the teppanyaki next time!
I'm a fan for now!

This restaurant has quickly become my husband & I's favorite!!
This sushi here is amazing!!!!
Dinner for AYCE is $27 but unless you're ordering an app, dessert, & a ton of rolls, price wise with their 50% off sushi you're better off just paying per roll!
The teppanyaki is another good deal, you'll leave stuffed for an average of $25!!!
Everything tasted very fresh!
Although a little advice, I did order the chicken and I wasn't impressed...my husband's steak was to die for though!!
The service tends to be a little slow and if they're busy it will take awhile for sushi.
I can't complain though, they have a time limit for AYCE but during busy times they are VERY understandable & don't enforce it!!
I can't stop talking about this place!
I love it!

Every time we're in Vegas, we try to hit up Samarai; located near the Sunset Casino.
I remember when it used to be Fukuda, but the menu and food were the same.
We go for the teppan show and it's always yummy and entertaining.
The friendly chefs make the experience fun for couples and families.
I usually order the filet mignon/teriyaki chicken combo.
A salad with a zesty citrus/ginger dressing and a peppery onion/mushroom broth soup is included in your meal price and brought out as first courses.
Then, a generous portion of fresh meat and veggies seared to perfection is served hot off the grill.
I dip each bite in the "yum yum sauce", which is heavenly and sweet in combination with the savoriness of the food.
One visit, they brought out a complimentary dessert - an assortment of vanilla and green tea ice creams that were beautifully presented, just for the heck of it!
Four and six year-old boys were happy campers!
Samurai goes out of its way to give customers an amazing dining experience and serve quality and delicious food.

So glad we came into this place close to home.
AYCE is definitely worth it for quality of sushi.
The 50% off menu is great too if you don't want to gorge.
Loved the "Orgasm" with bright and flavorful sauce you'll want to dip everything in.
The garlic tuna was sliced to perfection and made me glad we got the AYCE...6 orders later.
The What the Heck is the best Jalapeño sushi with minced onions on top complimented with a creamy sauce.
This will be a regular spot for this local.

I ate on the teppanyaki side...so disappointing.
The show was entertaining and the chef funny - but that doesn't make up for the lack of seasoning on the food.
I had the chicken and shrimp with fried rice.
I've heard the sushi is good...if I go back maybe I'll try that side next time.

I'm gonna keep it short and simple..This is the best place for teppanyaki and sushi in Henderson.
I have absolutely no complaints about their food,service,and hospitality.Last time i was there, my comical server served me my unagi (eel) and told me , (in japanese accent) "This very good for you..Japanese viagra!
" i almost choked on my water from laughter!
i'm definitely coming back..Oh yeah..almost forgot, you HAVE TO TRY THEIR SOFT SHELL CRAB APPETIZER..
I give this place an A For Amazing..Peace

I would not go here again, there are just too many other good places to eat around here!
Walk in the joint and are asked grill or table- friends and I chose table.
Asked what we wanted to drink; some of us ordered soft drinks and some water.
Told the waitress we were ready to order (because it took that long, without her asking us once if we wanted to order or need explanation of the menu)  4.
She then said sure " I'll be right back" (was gone for 3-4 mins) then came back and asked the people who were drinking water if they would like a drink.
(up-selling trick for soft drinks or other drink with higher then food margins) When they said no they were ok with the waters, she then again said "I'll be right back" (gone for another 3-5 mins)   Seems like this is another selling tactic to make people order a lot because they made them wait so long to order!
Ordered food.... food was average at best.
I would normally tell you guys what I ordered but if you have read the review this far you should not really care what I got... Save yourself the time and money and go to a better sushi place.
There are some others in the area that have 4-5 star reviews on Yelp from me and other Yelpers....Happy hunting!

I will not be coming back here simply because the wait staff sucks...and when you order and pay more for a Filet that is what you should get.
Six people at the grill me and my wife ordered filet the others ordered sirlon...the cook cut it all up and served to everyone....Not good business sorry....altho the food was good...service sucked mainly an old waitress bitch!

My husband and I tried this place for the first time tonight.
My tepanyaki was amazing.
My husband had sashimi and loved it.
The pieces were a little small and the menus were sticky, otherwise I would have given it 5 stars.

We've been here several times for lunch.
It's GREAT for a quick bite.
Their special rolls range from $6-$11.
There's a slight language barrier every time we visited.
There isn't a description on most of the rolls.
We like to know what we are ordering.
I have a  new crab allergy so I have to be super cautious what we eat.
We went here last week and just told the sushi chef that I like everything but crab and eel.
He made us 3 rolls.
I don't know what was in them, and I have the slightest clue what he said but as usual it was good.
We love spicy anything, We do know that their "Fire Roll", "What the Heck", and "911" rolls suit our fancy.
The service is great despite the lack of english.
our server kept calling me "Sexy lady"..
I  loved her immediately... who wouldn't?
=-)  I recommend this place to anyone who is in the area that is looking for a non fast food but FAST lunch.

My girlfriend and I love this place.
The sushi is good, the chefs are funny.

the new Cheff Jeff is AMAZING!!!
if you want good food he is the one for you!!!
i have to say me and my husband are impressed .
BEST HIBACHI CHEFF IN HENDERSON!

Love, love, love this place!
Been going there for a few years now, back when it was Fukuda.
The sashimi and California rolls are fantastic here.
I had the sushi bridge, and it was so neat, a little wooden bridge on a platter filled with some of the freshest rolls around, tuna, unagi, tobiko, and nigiri...For lunch we always get the bento box, which is a STEAL for 8.95.
You get miso soup, salad, crab rolls, pork katsu (or salmon or beef), gyoza dumplings, and tempura shrimp and vegetables!
Rolls are always half off so we get a nice plate of spicy tuna to go with that bento box.
Oh, and the service can be a bit spotty at times, but no big deal.
Every server we've ever had there has been great to us, even if they were a little slow.
So, I recommend this place to anyone wanting some nice, fresh sushi or rolls.
I love Fukuda (Err, I mean Samurai), and hope you will too!
Sayonara!

After spending time shopping sales at the mall, there's no better time to eat sushi rolls...FOR HALF OFF!
Save even more money?
Sure, don't mind if I do.
My mom and I came here in the afternoon, and there were 5 cars in the lot.
Yes!
We get in, are seated and ordered drinks right away.
We then placed out order.
I ordered the Spider Roll, Mexican Roll and 007 and my mom ordered the Lobster Roll and Shrimp Tempura Roll.
You know that wiggle dance you do in your seat when food tastes really good?
Well, we were doing that nearly after every bite.
They were all so fresh and tasty.
I don't know what they use in their sauces, but they are all so delicious.
My taste buds kept wanting more, but my stomach was telling me enough.
The total for 5 rolls and an iced tea was $35.
Not bad at all and we both left happy and full.
They have AYCE, but I usually am unable to eat enough rolls to get my money's worth.
I did see that there was a time limit: lunch is 45 min and dinner 60 min.
My mom is not the best person with chopsticks, but refused to use a fork.
Our waitress gave her trainers to slip her chopsticks into, showed her how to use them, and my mom kept clicking them, she was so happy.
She also came by frequently to see how we were doing.
I had been here before in the past in the evening when there were more people, but I don't recall my rolls tasting as good as they did when I came back.
Now I crave their rolls just about everyday.
And the service was just as good in the evening as it was in the afternoon.
I can't wait till my next trip here.

Tried the california roll, albacore nigiri, and spicy crab roll.
For the price, everything was decent.
A cheap sushi type of place, not somewhere I'd go if I had a craving for real, quality sushi.
But for a quick fix of cheap sushi, I would probably come again.
California roll-- fine and it probably my favorite; it's hard to go wrong with it or mess it up.
Albacore nigiri--definitely had better.
Spicy crab roll--pretty much just a california roll but spicy.
They serve tap water, and you can still taste it through the lemon wedge flavor.
Personally, I can't tolerate the taste of tap water so I would bring my own if I were to come again.

Happy early birthday to me!
:p cute place great prices for teppanyaki!
50% off sushi everyday can't beat that!
Me and my husband shared the filet mignon, chicken teriyaki, and shrimp!
For about 30 dollars :)) not bad at all.
Of course we had a few drinks soo it cost a little more ;)).
I can't wait to go back!

There's some things about Samurai that I love and some things that I don't particularly like....however the good outweighs the bad in my case.
Pros:  *Half-off sushi- good quality fish/product, yummy roll combos and easy on your wallet *Chefs- we request Big John by name.
He's funny, energetic and puts on a good show.
If we can't get Big John then we ask for Kevin.
*HIbachi- we only eat at the teppan table when we dine in.
The filet mignon is awesome and oh so juicy, the chicken is tender and not overcooked and their "pink seafood sauce"...well, I dip everything in it :) *Hours- open for lunch and late at night so I can come in right at noon for lunch or eat a late 10pm dinner.
It's convenient!
Cons: *Cleanliness- the bathrooms here drive me bananas.
They are dirty and have trash everywhere.
The rest of the restaurant is pretty decent.
*Pricing- hibachi is kinda pricy; the filet mignon meal is $24.95, I can go to Ta-Ta's down the street and get the same quality of meat for $14.95.
I keep coming back because of the relationship I have formed with the chefs.
*Chefs- if I don't get Big John or Kevin as my hibachi chefs then it seems like the quality of my meal diminishes.
For example: when I order my usual meal they give me fatty scraps of filet and they don't listen to how I liked my meal prepared (aka light pepper, no garlic, real butter, etc).
*AYCE sushi- you can only get AYCE sushi at the sushi bar or at the dining room tables.
You cannot get it at the hibachi tables which I think is ridiculous.

It's alright for a Japanese restaurant ran by Koreans.
The fish isn't very fresh, and they put a 60 min cap on the all you can eat.
To save money on the all you can eat, they take forever preparing the food.
I know it doesn't take that long to prepare sushi, my other half is Japanese.
I could never take my Japanese mother-in-law here, she would find the food very distasteful.
If I wasn't a cultured person, I would find the food and experience great... however I was disappointed in the cost versus the quality.
If you are going to order the all you can eat, order everything in the first order so you can get your moneys worth.
This is my first Yelp review but won't be the last.

If you are going for teppanyaki then it's great, but the sushi was horrible!
the rice was sour and the fish was not fresh.
plus the service wasn't that great this time around.
no one checked on us throughout dinner except to bring us our food.
very disappointing.
this place is close to my house and I was hoping to find a regular sushi place that isn't so far.

I gave this place two stars because it just all around rubbed me the wrong way.
It's big and oddly seated.
The sushi wasn't very good in my opinion & the service was very slow!
My husband got the teppan yaki & it took them 45 minutes to get him his food!
And I was completely done and full by the time he even got his food.
I wasn't pleased at all.
We won't be eating here again sadly.

I recently dropped in for some sushi and was pretty underwhelmed.
I used to go here quite often for the AYCE at lunch.
The experience was always very good (but not outstanding).
I sometimes did the half price sushi (even takeout!
)  if I didn't have the room for AYCE.
On this recent visit, the half-price sign was gone from the front but I went in anyway.
Turns out they still have this special going on.
Anyway, once seated (at about 2:45), I asked to do the AYCE and was given the dinner price of 26.95 each!
REALLY?!
No way...not here.
I did the half off and was rather disappointed with the size of the rolls.
The taste was OK but something was lacking.
I do like their deep-fried rolls (why doesnt Island Sushi make those?!
) and the garlic tuna and cajun albacore were pretty tasty.
The specialty rolls were a miss for me.
The gal who was our server seemed to have an attitude.
Now I am NOT one of those who treat anyone badly....in fact, just the opposite.
I believe that you get back what you give out.
This gal had a chip on her shoulder and she was in a mood...with all the other tables nearby.
I will say that others in the restaurant were VERY friendly.
For about the same price, I will stick with ISLAND SUSHI which is a FANTASTIC place.

The food at Samurai is AMAZING.
We ate at the teppan table with a group celebrating a graduation.
Between the chef and the server, everything was fantastic.
This place is very reasonably priced for the amount of food you get.
The cocktails are a little weak, but if you go with Saki, you can't go wrong.

I had previously left a 5 star but would like to express my displeasure.
We went tonight for AYCE & in a matter of 20 minutes we only managed to get 2 rolls.
There were 3 other tables, that's it.
It looked like what we ordered was going to another table, but, it's sushi.
When they brought the 2 rolls over Cindy said OK we got everything but we never got our sashmi orders.
When they did bring it out, it was wrong.
We ordered garlic tuna & super white tuna.
We were presented with seared red snapper which the waiter replied was garlic tuna.
When I questioned since when did they sear it, he took it back.
When I also asked how people who ordered AFTER us got their orders out in a matter of minutes he replied they were here first their orders go first, they have AYCE.
I said we have AYCE too, how can you justify that & again he said they were there first their orders go first.
At this point in time (mind you one of the rolls they brought out wasn't right either) we just asked to pay for what we got & left.
I was in disbelief the waiter (who did not take our order or even look at our sheet) would sit there & ARGUE!!!
This is a place we would frequent weekly, not anymore.
When we left we asked for the manager's name & card & all we got was a generic business card.
Cindy then came over as we were walking out & said she didn't know what happened she was on the other side (where no customers were) & that he gave our orders to another table by accident.
Too little, too late.
I will not be back again.
I will also not sit & argue when I can go elsewhere.
We did.
We went to Island Grill Sushi.
AYCE same price, friendly smiling service, & fresher fish.
All in all I should give 5 stars, the crappy experience turned us on to a better joint!

I'm a regular at this restaurant.
The food is consistently delicious and the portions are HUGE.
I love the service and the atmosphere.
Some chefs are better than others but its always good.
Check this place out!

The sushi was nasty and the fried ice cream tasted a little like onions.
I love avocado, but it was smeared all over everything and dulled the flavor.
The service was also extremely slow and I had to ask another server to retrieve my waiter.
I was not impressed.

We had no idea what to do for dinner and we stumbled onto this incredible restaurant tonight!!
We are picky eaters & have a very high bar for the restaurants we go to.
This evening - we enjoyed one of the most amazing, tasty, & flavorful meals we have had in Vegas.
Our Teppenyaki chef was named Big John.
If you go - Ask for him!
He gave us sauces that were filled with incredible flavor, meats cooked to perfection & an experience we won't soon forget.
And yes we'll be going back - again & again!
We ordered the chicken, steak & calamari... With fried rice, noodles, soup & salad.
We have enough leftovers for two more meals for each of us!
Go - You won't regret it.
Nothing is better than rich flavor, spices & tastes that are completely memorable...
This place offers all of that & more...

Their AYCE was AMAZING!!!
Great service as well.
I'm from LA, and came down to visit family.
I will definitely come back here when I'm in town.

Just spoke with the owner who was apologetic & listened to what I had to say about less than stellar experience.
He offered to send me a gift certificate & I went back.
Service has improved A LOT.
I have been there a few times since using the gift certificate & wow, every time has been a great experience with attentive service!

Hidden gem!
A friend raves about this place and we finally went with her.
It was slow, so I was nervous, but turned out to be a GREAT experience!
Most hibachi grills are pricey.
This one is reasonably priced.
Our grill master was hilarious and showed us all tricks we hadn't seen at other grills.
They were nice enough to allow me to only order sushi at the hibachi grill since I wasn't as hungry.
I had a few bites of my boyfriend's and it was delish.
I'll definitely return on an empty stomach.
-Good sized portions -Inexpensive sushi rolls (half the price of other places) -Fresh ingredients -Friendly Staff

Tried this place for the first time and I loved it.
Came in  on a Sunday around 2pm and it was empty.
I sat at the bar and was helped immediately.
I did the AYCE.
The fish was very fresh.
The appetizers were good as well.
I don't remember exactly what I ordered but I do know that the super white tuna was superb.
Customer service was great and the sushi chef was very animated and friendly.
I will defiantly be back for round two in the near future!

I just had a fab dinner with my husband and all the other guests at our teppan table.
Cindy who greeted us, waited on us and brought us everything was so sweet and awesome.
We ordered sushi appetizers, cocktails which were all perfect.
Then the chef came and he was incredible.
He was new to town and he was one of the best teppan chefs yet that I have had in town.
What was his name?????
He was Mexican........he said so, from Texas.
He had so many cool tricks beyond the volcano, etc.
anyway, the food, all fresh, cooked perfectly, tasty, and awesome.
We had 2 full entrees with steak and seafood, 4 drinks, 2 different orders of sushi and it was unbelievably inexpensive for all that we had.
Cindy and the Chef were people we cannot wait to see when we come back, again, and again....Great place, great food, great restaurant!

I must update this after Freddy, the owner contacted me to apologize and sent me a gift certificate to come back.
He knows who his regulars are.
He actually explained why they couldn't offer AYCE at the hibachi and it makes sense.
We came in for my MIL's birthday and what a nice experience.
Seemed like the staff was prepped and on their game that night.
Sushi was good and made its way to our table very quickly.
Thank you Freddy for the opportunity to come back again.
You and your staff turned it around completely and made it a great night for our family.

******EDIT SEE BELOW*********  We had this place for the first time today and first off, no one is in the front to greet you, you had to wait for someone to come up and that took a few minutes, then she was somewhat rude and since there were two parties that came in together she seated us at the same time, maybe because she felt that she was too busy to seat each party by one??
It took a while to get someone over to even get us water and they didn't give us a regular menu, just a sushi menu.
My husband isn't a huge sushi fan so we had to wait for seriously 10 minutes for the waiter to even come over for us to order, and by the we weren't fully prepared because we needed a regular menu.
So I decided to order my sushi.
Finally after twenty or so minutes my husband was all ready to order, but then my sushi came out WAY before his food even arrived.
My sushi was OK, not great like I've had at other places.
My husband's FINALLY came out after what it seemed like an eternity and it was HUGE, not complaining at all about the amount of food they give you in your bento boxes, but it wasn't good at all and he ordered the beefyaki bento and got like THREE TINY pieces of meat.
Rice seemed old as well and he didn't really eat much of anything else except the noodles and beef.
All in all, I am disappointed because I saw these other reviews and thought it would have been A LOT better.
Maybe because we didn't do the grill because they seemed to get spectacular service.
*****edit*****  I decided to change my review due to the fact that the owner just emailed me due to our experience.
He really does care and I do believe in giving businesses second chances.
Thank you again Freddy for your concern about our dining experience!

I found this place on yelp while looking for a decent Japanese place to eat.
I was very happy with the food which was better than average.
The service was good although the waitress kept calling me "sexy lady"!
I don't mind a compliment but it was a bit overboard.
The food and price made up for it though!
:-)

Love going to their "all you can eat" sushi dinner.
At only $26 it is affordable and super yummy.
The staff is super nice and the facility is clean.
It always seems to be a bit slow, but I usually go around 5pm.

Had such a great time!
My brother and his girlfriend go here all the time.
I finally tried it with the rest of my family and everyone loved it.
Our server was very funny and accommodating.
We went for the AYCE and definitely left full and happy.
Overall, good food and super friendly staff.

I love sushi!
So when I found out this place offered half off all sushi rolls I was there!
I usually order to go when I order from Samurai's.
Here are some of my favorite rolls!
California Roll, Spicy Crab Roll, Philadelphia Roll, Avocado Roll, Shrimp Tempura Roll, Spider Roll, Vegas Roll.
On their special roll list my favorites are...007, Pimp My Ride, Green Valley Roll (this is my all time fav), Love Roll, Rainbow on Spicy Tuna, and the Yum Yum.
They also have AYCE if you want to eat in.
For yummy and reasonable priced sushi I love this place.
When i'm craving sushi this is were i'll be!

I always order vegetable rolls at sushi places.
The past 5 times I've been here I was always charged $2.50 like their avocado or cucumber roll.
Today the charge was $4.95.
I asked why - it's a special roll, not on the menu (like every other sushi place I've been to).
What about the 1/2 off cut rolls all day - "only applies to those on the menu, not special rolls".
So while I was going here when in the area, they have lost my business.

Just moved from Los Angeles, ca to Henderson, Nv & I had a HUGE craving for sushi.
Passing by on sunset everyday I was like hmmm that place looks good !
I tried it out for the first time & I feel in love !
I had the shrimp tempura & green valley roll since I'm a shrimp fan.
They were so nice when I got there & over the phone.
I will be back there soon :)

This place is one of my favorite spots in Henderson.
The food is very consistent.
Another that is consistent is the slow service though

We used to like this place, it is great for kids.
the WAIT time is exhausting!!
Food is good, not exceptional but good, affordable and the chef's are for the most part great.
Wait staff is ok, they are not attentive except for one woman who is great and dances with the birthday music.
My biggest complaint is the wait, sometimes you have to wait at your table for an hour or longer to get the cook to your table.
I am sure it is unpredictable how busy it will be but with small children this makes for a not so enjoyable night.
I also think the place could be cleaner, the chairs are very sticky.
The place definitely could be cleaner.
These days it seems like the wait gets longer because they have less or all new cooks.
Cleanliness is an issue, the chairs and carpet is very sticky.

Good service and good food but they over cooked all of our steaks but overall nice place.

Brought my family here because I wanted sushi and the lady didn't.
so it's a win win they offer tepanyaki.
let's start w price.
Benihana price for a neighborhood located restaurant.
she ordered Kobe beef and lobster n I settled for filet mignon and salmon both w fried rice.
I also ordered a couple rolls n a few nigiris.
Our chef was friendly and cooked our steaks perfectly to our liking but wasn't that entertaining for a interactive cook but food was good.
Sushi was mediocre.
Not a place I would go to for sushi but it served its purpose.
It's pricey but if your trying to avoid the strip..
It's a decent place.
Will come again for the tepanyaki n not so much the sushi

I've frequented this establishment about 6 times in the past year and always have a good experience.
The staff is always adequate and friendly.
The restaurant is very spacious,  clean, and just plain nice.
They have the tepenyanki grills and also serve sushi with similar appetizers you'd find at any AYCE sushi joint.
This review is for the sushi part of the menu.
Sometimes you crave sushi but don't want to bust your gut "eating your monies worth" of unlimited sushi and appetizers for AYCE.
Well if you order two special rolls off of a sushi menu the total usually comes out to how much sitting down and getting AYCE sushi for dinner ($25-$30).
Well here comes this place.
The whole menu is "half price" meaning everything is $3-$8 dollars.
That means getting a couple rolls of sushi for a light lunch or dinner with tip could easily be $10-$15 which wouldn't force you to get all you can eat for the sake of "well it's just a few bucks more.
"  They have a great selection of special rolls.
I don't remember any ones in particular EXCEPT the monkey brain.
It's four banana slices that are topped with spicy crab and sauce.
The combination is really good and unique.
Also the white tiger which is a shrimp tempura roll topped with white fish and sauce.
We usually go for light dinner before a movie but went recently for AYCE for a birthday and it was good.
Their fried appetizers aren't the best.
They are too heavy.
Tempura is usually more light.
I'd say stick away from the calamari or soft shell crab.
The food was still good but the fried stuff wasn't so good.
I got to try some of the nigiri and it they were good.
Their uni here was really good though!
I believe the places that have a one per person limit on uni and ebi get the good stuff.
They have that 1PP limit on it and it was sweet and not fishy.
Their cake albacore was also really good.
Overall I like this place.
It's a solid four overall when you incorporate the value, staff, and ambience.
I don't recommend it for AYCE.
For the price I'd for sure go to GOEYMON, sushi twister, Oyshi, or sushi mon.
This is like a safe restaurant to introduce to people who've never had sushi.
This wouldn't be for a person who is a sushi expert.

This may be the best teppanyaki I've ever had!
Went on Christmas eve and made a reservation.
They have a ton of tables there so it's a lot easier to get a spot on a busy day than at the one by my house.
The amount of food we got was ridiculous!
I got the teriyaki chicken and it was amazing and the portion, huge!
The meal comes with the soup and salad, white rice which you can upgrade to fried, and noodles.
The noodles are an added bonus because I've found that most places around here don't include them.
The prices are very reasonable and the service was good.
And who doesn't love a good show with their meal lol.
Will definitely be back!

Every time I come here which is at least once a month I have had a wonderful experience.
The service is great.
The chefs are social and switch up the routine from time to time.
Birthdays are a blast.
I always recommend this place.
The sushi here is something I always look foreword to.
Try the Lisa Lisa or the Japanese lasagna!

Went here for lunch one time, a friend recommended it.
Our party got to the restaurant at 11 am but the hostess was kind enough to let us in and order.
We sat at the bar and the food was good, it was both filling for a lunch and it was half price.
The only other place I know that does that is  Kobe sushi.
The sushi was average but it's definitely the place to go when you want sushi but not hungry enough for All You Can Eat.
It's a great lunch place, sushi quality is very similar to Kobe sushi.
A way better choice than eating grocery store sushi!

Fast and cheap.
I'm a big fan of Japanese food so I'm pretty harsh when it comes to quality.
The place was pretty empty when we came in.
The hostess could have been a bit friendlier when she was trying to seat us especially since there was only another small party before us.
She tried seating is at the same time which is weird since we were in no rush.
We ended up ordering a spider roll (my favorite) and a dragon roll (one of my boyfriend's favorites) and one teriyaki bento.
The rolls arrived quickly but they were on the small side.
I'm not sure if it was because we asked for no avocado (due to a food allergy my boyfriend has) or because of the price of the rolls (which are pretty cheap).
The bento box was pretty generous though when it came to portions but lacked flavor in the chicken and the dressing for the salad.
Overall, if you want quick and cheap food this would be the place for you but don't be surprised if your food is lacking in the flavor department.

I gotta say for Vegas, which does not have good sushi, this might be the closest to good sushi I have found.
I had fun.
Our chef would not allow us to tell him our order which is frustrating.
First time in 50 sushi restaurants I had to use the pencil and paper.
They have a few really good rolls.
I filled up before I got to the lobster roll.
Someone will have to update me on that one.
They are half the price but the rolls are half the size.
The grill is a definite must as they were entertaining us from a distance.
This looks like it might be the place for that as many people were having a blast.
I will be back for a review when I try that.
As for the sushi, I give it a one thumb up.

I love that the booths are high for extra privacy.
The lady serving us was sweet.
I got the chicken teriyaki bento box with the Lisa Lisa rolls.
My hubby got the all you can eat which he enjoyed.
I liked it all though I feel like I've had better sushi elsewhere.

Had dinner with a large party handled us well will defiantly be back.
Cindy was fantastic.

This place is now my favorite, go-to restaurant for just about every Japanese craving, whether it be sushi, steak, or even teriyaki chicken.
We've been here multiple times and been seated at both the cooking table (amazing!
) and a regular table.
All experiences here have been great.
The service is really good and friendly, and the cooking table is a great, fun show.
But the real winner here is the food!
My girlfriend is a big sushi eater and has loved every bite here.
I'm not as adventurous and so sometimes get their teriyaki chicken or salmon bento boxes, which are delicious!
Most sushi restaurants (understandably) do not serve good "alternative" options like chicken which are almost always fatty, gross dishes.
But not here!
This is the only sushi restaurant I've been to that is spot on with every dish; even the kids' menu!
A must-eat in Henderson and worth every penny.

Food was good, we had teppanyaki.
It was lunch time but no discount for lunch.
I think the bento boxed meals are a good price but the teppanyaki was expensive.
Enjoyable atmosphere.
.I will go back.

Amazing sushi.
Great prices.
Excellent service.
After trying many of the sushi place in the henderson area this place has the best quality, service and prices.
Sushi was priced great and very fresh.

Hands down the worst sushi place I have been to in the las vegas area.
I was getting ready for work and I still had a hour and a half before I had to leave so i wanted to grab some sushi.
I was thinking about heading back to one of my better spots but a friend told me that this place was great so I went here instead.
When I walked in I was semi greeted by a hostess as I stood there for about 2 min or so.
I asked for a table on the sushi side and she seemed a bit confused that I wanted to sit by myself.
It took them over 10 min to bring water to my table.
After that a nice gentleman took my sushi  order.
I was doing the ayce just to try it out.
I order a few pieces of nigiri and two rolls.
It took over 30 min for them to come to my table.
After that I never saw my server again.
The rolls were dry, the quality of fish was not that great.
and after another 25 min of waiting for  a server  I gave up.
A new server came to me quite rude asking if I wanted anything else.
I had to go to work so i just said no and I wanted my check.
It took them 25 min to check on my table but just a min to get my check.
I was quite irritated with this place and the price is much more expensive then any other lunch ive been to.
I will stick with either sushi bay, or island sushi.
Avoid this place.

I ate the sushi on first visit.
It was good.
But Samurai is really about the steakhouse.
They put on a hell of a show and the food is really good.
Certainly not the lowest price food in town, but for a tepenyaki grill it is really reasonably priced.
They also have one of my favorite saki's.
They have an unfiltered sake that you have to shake up.
The waitress is a blast.
Every time she comes to the table she shakes her whole body while shaking the sake.
Fun all the way around.
I recommend this place highly.

The food here is pretty good.
If you want to try something crazy I'd say go for the Monky Brain!
It's a tempura banana with crab mix and hot sauce.
It's delicious!
The only problem I've had is that service is usually very slow and you have to give the server the stare down to get them to come over to your table.
I have even had to raise my hand for them to notice me.
And the last time I went the credit card machine wasn't working and it added almost an hour to our visit and the waitress didn't seem apologetic at all.
But overall, the food is good, the sushi prices are low and it's a fun environment.

This place is awesome!
Great food and service..my wife and I liked sexy girl and shrimp roll (tempura) can't wait to come back!

If I'm looking for a quick place to grab some sushi on a Friday afternoon this is my go to spot.
I've already gone here 3 times and have left satisfied all 3 times although I was probably close to falling into a food coma from all the sushi I ate.
I haven't done the teppanyaki here yet, but it is something I'm interested in experiencing.
The first time I ate here was for mother's day and we had a pretty good view of the chef when another group was getting it.
I order from their single roll menus.
I'm not a huge fan of sashimi so any place that offers a good selection on baked and fried rolls is a winner in my book.
However, if you're into sashimi this place does offer that as well.
I praise menus that signal out which rolls are raw and which ones are fried and baked.
It makes it so easy on picky sushi eaters like myself to enjoy a meal =)  All 3 times I've gone here, I NEVER had to wait for a table.
So there's a pretty good chance you won't have to wait for one either.
The ambiance is on point as well.
I'm a strong believer that when eating sushi I need to be in the right environment.
This restaurant offers that.

This place is great!
Prices are more than reasonable and quality does not suffer.
Try the Washington, green valley, and Mexican rolls.

The teppanyaki here is awesome!
Everything was delicious, the service was fast & or chef was really great!
Will definitely be going back.

To yummy everything is just perfect the sushi is great and the steak is great we'll everything is great

The service was really great.
Everyone is super nice here.
But, the sushi was just ok.
I have higher expectations than most when it comes to sushi.
But, in my opinion, it was mediocre.

Aabsolutely love this place!
Price is good, food is great, and service is fun and helpful.
My girlfriend and I frequent here quite often and have always been pleased with the quality of the food.
I highly recommend ordering off of the grill.
It's fun, fresh, entertaining , and extremely tasty.
ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!
Once again, fun environment, tasty food, great sushi, good prices, and sweet service.
Make sure to see Cindy next time you''re in.

This is definitely the go to spot for quick, delicious,  and high quality sushi.
They never seem to disappoint.
Me and my girlfriend have been coming here close to a year now and the servers recognize us all the time and are always upset when we don't come in together.
They make us feel at home.
They're always on top of their attentiveness.
They come by often to check how we are doing and see if we need a refill or anymore sushi.
Perfect thing is it isn't too often so we can actually have a conversation without being interrupted every couple of minutes.
The best thing about this place is their half off deals on almost everything.
It's definitely worth the 4-6 dollars for 8 rolls per dish.
Music isn't overwhelmingly loud, just right.
We are always going to be coming back to this spot.
They also half the center catering people that make the food right in front of you in the center of their building,   so right when you walk in you're mesmerized about how awesome these people are,  very impressive with their showings while they cook,  and they also incorporate a little comedy act every time they cook.
Overall great place.
We'll always be coming back.
The food,  servers, and service is just great for what you are paying for.

This is our go to sushi place, good, fast, great service and decent atmosphere!
No complaints!

I Have recently started coming to this place.
im usually a sashimi person but this place has a great price on rolls!
The fish is fresh and the service is great.
if your a fan of salmon my personal favorite is the samurai spicy salmon roll.
And the fire roll.
They have great variety of rolls for everyones taste.
I would Recommend trying if your in the Henderson area!

Honestly, I come here all the time.
The food and prices are awesome but there is a few servers are so rude.
Tonight I walked in and I stood waiting for a server to seat my party and I.. We were standing there for is say closer to ten minutes.. We see one of their rude servers coming over to us and very passively say "we close now.. 10 o'clock then no more, we close now" and turned and walked away..
I WAS STANDING WAITING TO BE SEATED BEFORE THEY CLOSED.
I didn't ask for management, I was so take back by his attitude that I figured I'd just never go back.

One of the best all you can eat sushi places in Vegas.
If you sit at the bar you will get extremely fast service.
The baked lobster roll is to die for.

Love everything about this place.
We sat at the sushi bar, rolls were delicious and the price couldn't be any better.
The "I love yellowtail" and Garlic edamame were my favorites but everything was delish.
Our waitress had a great personality and kept calling me a "hot sexy lady" and was singing and dancing so she had us cracking up.
Flattery gets you everywhere with me so def got an extra tip.
We'll be regulars here!

As you read this review, please note that there is an update at the end!!!
I have mixed feeling about this place because it has so much potential.
While the food was tasty, my problem with this place concerns the lack of quality customer service.
It took them 15 minutes to take our order while our menu (yes I said one because they only gave us one menu when I had asked for two) was closed and waiters/waitresses were walking around , my girlfriend and I ordered appetizers and 2 entrees, my entree came with the appetizer and then 15 minutes later my girlfriend's entree came.
Didn't give us a refill on our waters for the hour that we were there.
When we finally finished our food, the waiter passed by our table maybe 3 times just staring at us while I was signalling them to come over.
Now when they finally came over, a cool 20 minutes after we were done eating, we asked for our check, paid and then left.
Ten minutes after we left I realized I forgot my electronic cigarette on the table and called where a lady picked up the phone and had no idea what I was talking about, so I decided to go back.
I was met by an annoyed manager that just wanted me out of his restaurant, he told me that his busboy didn't see anything and had already cleared the table, I asked him if he could please make sure that the bus boy didn't see anything and he said "I'm sure he said he didn't see anything".
After insisting that I see this busboy to hear it from his mouth and make positively sure (because it was a 300 dollar piece) that it wasn't there anymore, he agreed, went to his bus boy and asked him the question and the bus boy said that he didn't clear the table and that another person did it, so it showed me that the manager didn't even ask the right person about my vape, In the end the other bus boy said that he didn't see anything and anything on the table was thrown away?
Okay, makes sense you threw away your plates whatever.
They didn't even offer to show me where the garbage was or help me look for it....  All in all they don't care about you having a great experience.
They just want you to eat get out and have the next group of people come in.
If you want an all around good experience, don't go here, go to yama sushi for AYCE sushi, you want teppanyaki go to Benihana's.
You want something cheap, with a substandard experience and inferior service, this is the place to be!!
UPDATE: The owner was kind enough to contact me and explained the situation as a whole....
The truth is that the person I talked to about my electronic cigarette was not actually the owner or even the person in charge so it was totally handled the wrong was and I wasn't even supposed to be talking to that person.
The owner apologized and handled the matter very professionally and was far above my expectation on what he was willing to do to make me a satisfied customer which I am now...
I would like to thank the owner for contacting me and clarifying the issues that we had an promptly returning my electronic cigarette!
The food was honestly great and the management was just a little bit off that time.
I've been here numerous times and this was the first time something bad happened, and even though it was bad, it was promptly and professionally resolved.
Thank you again!

The only reason I am giving this 2 stars is because I love their sushi.
Have been here a few times on my lunch breaks from work, always order to go.
And I am obsessed with their sushi.
Well I took today off work and my 6 year old daughter wanted sushi so I thought we would go and sit down.
When I arrived I noticed the servers were a bit busy so we waited.
About 15 mins had gone by and we were never acknowledged!
I told my daughter we would wait 5 more minutes but then I noticed one of the servers sitting behind the bar watching the soccer game!
I was so fed up that we walked out and when we did I yelled "terrible service" I will never go back here after that although I love their sushi.
We ended up going to Momo Sushi on Stephanie and it was pretty dang good!
So I recommend not going here unless you want terrible service!

