This was my first time ever visiting a yoga studio, and I was very impressed.
I can reserve my spot for a class online, so I don't have to go super early to reserve a spot like at other yoga studios.
I like the fact that the yoga studio is small, so the classes are intimate and the instructor can correct your position.
The studio is also super clean.
I wasn't expecting how intense barre yoga is.
It is a very aerobic with a lot of repetitions at one inch intervals.
I was sore for days but it was really fun!
My only wish is that this location would have different levels of classes.
They only offer mix barre and it would be great if they had a beginner class to ease people in.

This place is amazing!
They partnered up with 'body in balance' and share the space.
Small little studio with one room, they provide all the equipment needed to get the best barre workout, have enthusiastic instructors with great personality, and every routine is different from the last.
Favorite instructor: Coralisa  Favorite time to go: In the morning.
11 o'clock class the lastest.
There aren't very many people who go early and you will have the whole place to yourself.
This is great if you need more one-on-one with your instructor.
=)  I set a goal to make it here at least twice a week.

I used a groupon to try out this studio which gave me two barre classes and two pilates classes for $29.
This barre studio shares space with a pilates studio, which is a separate business (you have to fill out separate waivers for both).
Friendly staff.
They took the groupon without an issue.
These classes will kick your butt but they surprisingly do not involve too much bar work.
Just a lot of time on a mat with light weights.
If you go to enough classes and are motivated, you could probably come up with your own routine.
Some of the exercises are pretty inventive.
Small classes with personal attention.
The class schedule bums me out.
It's very limited and seems geared toward housewives or something.
I can't make most of the classes.
I really struggled just to fit my two classes in.
Plus it's pretty expensive.
I think they had a special - $249/month for unlimited barre and pilates classes but unlimited means only one class of each type per day.
Not that you would want to do barre more than once a day.
You will be so sore.
Otherwise classes range from $15 to $18 each depending on how many you buy upfront.

I've been doing barre workouts all year so far at various studios and while every place I've been to has been great, I think this is my favorite one.
I love that they have two locations and offer more than just barre classes.
Every instructor I've had has been challenging and fun.
When I took a class with Tawnya one night and mentioned my sore shoulder, she modified a portion of the class for me.
I like the carpeted barre room too since it's a bit easier on the feet.
Everything was really clean and it's kind of nice being able to see outside.
While the room is smaller than the other studios I've been to, the space is only a problem when it's super booked and that was pretty rare.
I also never had to worry about being put on a waitlist which was really nice!
I only got to check out the barre classes but I'll be back soon to try some of the other classes!

AMAZING, WONDERFUL, & IMPRESSIVE !
Barre offers a total body workout where it gives a great combination of flexibility, balance, core-toning, & toned-muscle building.
I decided to write a review after I finished my 7-day introductory package and I absolutely loved all my classes that I attended!
I was introduced to Barre from one of the Yelp events at the Henderson location (Barre3) and from that first day I was pretty much hooked.
From there I decided to try it out and the more classes I did, I fell in love with it!
First, all the instructors and receptionists  are incredibly friendly and passionate about what they do.
I noticed that they are very loyal to their clients and throughout the class they are there to help you modify some of your poses to your ability.
They keep you motivated throughout the class, have a great up-beat music, and keep you energize.
Now the workout itself -  I signed up for MIXT-classic & MIXT-barre.
I did not seem much of a difference between the two.
However, both classes sure worked me out!
The workout made me use muscles I have never worked-out and I found myself shaking at some positions.
They incorporate they use of the ball, ballet bar, and resistance bands.
Also, each class is NEVER the same.
In addition, they seem to always show something new and I have learned new techniques from each instructor and class.
I enjoy the barre class(es) very much and cannot wait to try other classes that they offer.
:)   Overall, I am very impressed with Barre Las Vegas and their instructors & workers there!
The room where the class is held is always very clean and they have a little shop that you can buy some socks, jewelry, pants, and tops.
I would definitely recommend Barre to anyone and to give it a try!

I have tried a few different classes & have really liked all of them.
The instructors are great and very kind.
The classes/workouts are fun, and intense.
The location makes for really easy access.
They also sell really cute workout clothes (both their own brand and Lulu Lemon).
I would recommend it for sure- I love it.

Get your lululemon on and come to a Pilates and ballet inspired class that features a small group (you have to sign up ahead of time to reserve a spot), passionate staff and well rounded toning.
In this carpeted studio (bring grippy socks), an hour long barre class (knowledge of yoga positions extremely helpful) will keep you on your toes literally and figuratively.
Yoga, ballet and Pilates positions are quickly changed keeping your muscles guessing.
Weights are used, but its mainly about using your own body weight.
You can sign up for a class or package using their website & calendar.

Even though I identify as a yoga and zumba person, Barre is fast becoming my favorite way to work out.
Zoom, 60 minutes, in and out, no messing around, full body beauty.
Barre Las Vegas in particular never fails to impress me with focused, precise instruction that keeps a fast pace.
Just when I am getting burned out on a movement, they shift gears.
I feel lifted and energetically bright all day long after a class, and the toned feeling in my core lasts for a few days after taking a class!
You might be a little sore after your first class or two -- you'll be using muscles that you may not have ever talked to before!
-- but don't give up as that will pass, even if you only go once a week from there on out.
I have a few physical injuries (wrist implant, recent shoulder surgery, etc) that keep me from doing certain weight bearing yoga movements like down dog and chaturanga, so most Vegas yoga classes are just out of the question for me.
By contrast the instructors at Barre have been kind, generous and understanding (and efficient!
) about offering modifications for some of the movements.
I can do push ups leaning on the barre, or triceps with a weight rather than doing dips on the floor.
Don't be late, because the class moves so fast, if you miss the first 5 minutes you missed a LOT, including the warm ups to make everything else safe.
Wear socks!
I have a philosophy about fitness classes.
Look at the bodies of the regular attendees .
if you want to look like them, keep taking the class.
For this reason I've been gravitating more and more to Barre Las Vegas even though other group fitness classes at my gym are included with my membership.
The female bodies I see in class are exactly how I'd like to be -- balanced, lean, pulled in, feminine, sculpted and lovely.
The testimonial is all around you.
My only regrets are that the classes are relatively expensive (especially compared to group ex classes at my gym that are "free") and that this location is a full 30 minute drive from my house.
But the classes are so great I'm dishing out a full 5 stars.
A+ instructors and fun music!

Love this studio!!!!!
This was my first barre class, and definitely won't be my last.
The studio is small, but the perfect size for a class like that.
Everything was very clean and organized, and they also sell stuff (waters, socks, workout gear and even jewelry).
Katie was the instructor this morning and I really enjoyed her class.
She was also the one who signed me in since I was using my Groupon.
I told her it was my first class, and she was very informative and helpful throughout the class.
And - she totally reminds me of Anna Kendrick!
I don't know what it is about classes like that, but they have THE best workout mixes!!!!
Granted they were top 40 songs, but the music (and Katie) really kept me going.
Anyway...at the end of the class I felt great!!
Worked up a crazy sweat and got my heart rate going.
Although the movements are simple and small, it was such an amazing workout!!!!
Katie even asked me what I thought, gave me a few recommendations and said she'd see me again.
Definitely will be back to use up my Groupon :)

I love this class!
Its a great combination of light weights, yoga, pilates, and cardio to really target all of a woman's "problem" areas.
Its not an easy class but if you stick with it it gets easier and you can visibly see results fast.
They also switch up the classes with variations so you don't get bored.
Highly recommended for a toned, lean body....FAST.

Started with a Groupon, and love, love love this place and workout!
Its location is super convenient for me and the scheduling of my classes online helps me insure I  fit my workout into my busy life.

Super fun workout!
I actually look forward to my once a week barre class.
Time just flies by here.
They switch up workout routine often to make it challenging n fun.
All the instructors are very friendly.
I just love the energy here!
Definitely would recommend it to anyone.

I seriously love Barre Las Vegas!
I moved to Vegas and was in desperate need of a place where I could walk from my house in less than 15 minutes and still get a good workout.
I originally tried another nearby barre studio and was not impressed with the monotonous classes and snooty clientele.
At Barre las Vegas, there was lots of variety, a fun, positive environment and a huge challenge during every class.
I am typically a yogi so I loved the strengthening aspect of the classes that also incorporated the stretching.
(Gotta have the yin and yang :))  The teachers were all extremely knowledgeable, positive and motivating.
The classes always had really fun music.
And most of all, the staff and other students were very welcoming and friendly, unlike other "barre" places on the block which shall not be named.
Nobody was cliquey or snooty.
I live downtown now so I can't get over there as regularly, but when I was going 3x per week I thought my body was the best it's ever been.
Long, lean muscles, high energy levels, and a very efficient workout.
The classes are 60 minutes long, and they didn't always start just on time, but if waiting for 3-4 extra minutes is my biggest complaint you know this place is solid.
I'm hoping to get back there soon!

If I could give ten stars I would!!!
I tried Barre Las Vegas when they were running a groupon last October, and have been addicted ever since!
These workouts have changed my body!
I have never felt so strong but remaining lean and tone.
Everyone who teaches the classes are so helpful and I feel so welcome!
Stephanie's Bootcamps are the best!!!
I can't say enough good things about Barre Las Vegas!
I actually look forward to working out now!

The good: it's a decent but not great workout and the cost is reasonable relative to competitors in town and other major cities.
The bad: some of the instructors lack the certain joie de vivre of the more established barre workouts (like Dailey Method and Bar Method - neither of which exists in Vegas, unfortunately).
The class times also leave a lot to be desired.
No morning classes during the week except at 10am (except 7am on Wed) and no midday classes either.
Meh.
The ugly: It's rare that instructors engage in corrections or offer modifications.
This is especially frustrating to see when people who are new to the barre workout start out.
Frankly, it's dangerous.

Holy cow this is a hard workout!
Leave your pink tu-tu at home and grab your Lululemon gear because these girls don't mess around!
The studio is kept very clean, requiring everyone to remove their shoes at the front.
It doesn't smell and you don't have "looky-Lu's" watching you through a glass window which totally creeps me out.
If you pay-as-you-go it's $20 which is a lot for a group class, so the only way it's affordable is if you make a year commitment.
That's the only down side.

