This is a small indoor play area in the Arcadia area.
I would say it is geared towards children 5 and younger.
It is a very clean place and has a varitey of fun toys for the babes including a small pumped up air jump machine.
They offer a punch card-buy 5 admissions get the sixtth for free or you can buy a year membership for $110-I believe that is what the owner told me.
Each additional child's membership is a little less expensive.
This place is definitely worth checking out if you have small children and want to meet up with friends for a playdate : )

We live in the Arcadia area and this is a great indoor play place.
I have been with my own children and with friends with children ages 1 - 4 and  1/2 on several occasions and they have all LOVED it.
Great train set, play houses, slides, ride-on train, and small bouncy to get the energy out.
Lots of other great toys too!
Very friendly owner.
Also, a great place to go if you have multiple age children because you can see the entire play area from the numerous sitting areas (including a small café that has wifi) and you can bring in outside coffee (yay!).
Definitely recommend for parents of little ones!

Perfect for kids 5 and under.
They have tons of little areas that the kids can play with - from little houses to dressup and a tool area.
I usually meet a few other moms and we can sit and talk while the kids have a ton of fun and we can watch them all together in the same area.
It seems a bit pricey compared to the children's museum, but great for those under 5 and its one area vs. several spread out.
There also seem to be living social, yelp deals, and groupons to make it more cost effective.

Went here this morning... Had a great time!
Since it is new it wasn't super crowded yet & my little guy loved bubble time!
Little pricey but with yelp check in we will save 3 bucks when we go back!

Excellent place !
The staff is so welcoming and made the experience great!
You can order inexpensive snacks and drinks from the café or bring your own food !
Free WiFI so get some work done while your little one plays!

Attention all parents, nannies, guardians etc.
Koko bees is tons of fun!
The kids are all smiles & full of laughter.
Terrific environment:  oodles of play houses,  dress ups, costumes, toys, themes & settings!
The little ones imaginations can run wild.
They even offer fantastic dance, sports, yoga and tumbling classes for the children!
This is a great place to come with the kiddos!

We live here in the Arcadia area, and I am so thankful I don't have to leave my 5 mile radius!
We used to drive so far for indoor play!
It's $9 for the day which is very reasonable when you consider this place is intimate compared to the chaos at the children's museum.
And, it's super close!
You can also leave your child there for a few hours for $10 per hour.
That's a steal!
I can get some errands done, or go to yoga.
My son loves loves this plays.
EVERYTIME we drive by he says, "there's koko beans"

