I never really knew what this charity did until I found myself in need of help.
I now am devoted to them for their help they gave my family.
It was December of 2008 and my first born son was delivered early due to a CHD and was air vac to St Joe's hospital.
We were beyond out of our minds with fear.
I had an emergency C-Section and I discharged myself early from the hospital I was at to go be with my son.
Needless to say sitting on a hard stole after major surgery was not the ideal place for me.
I was in horrible pain.
My son stayed in the NICU in critical condition for days.
I stayed by his pod in the dreary hospital during Christmas.
We made the best of it as that is all we could do.
The hospital was not close to us so it was not reasonable for us to run home to eat and shower.
Christmas all restuarants are closed and it was late so the cafe in the hospital was closed.
We were not about to leave our son on Christmas so we ate some crackers and snacks we packed.
Our thoughts were grim and it was a happy time but yet a very frightening and sad time also as we waited hungry by my son's side.
The Ronald McDonald house showed up and feed all parents in the NICU!
This was the most uplifted thing that could have happened to us.
We got to stay in the hospital and have a nice hot meal for Christmas.
The volenteers where angels to take time out of their Christmas to come help us.
The food was good and it just want we needed to lift our spirits a little.
Their smiling faces was very refreshing and will never be forgotten.
What a wonderful charity this is!
Thank you for your service to the community!

Great Charity--what to expect during your stay  I'm writing this review from my room at the Ronald McDonald House on Roanoke Ave., about a five-minute drive from Phoenix Children's Hospital (there are two facilities in Phoenix.
The other is located at the Phoenix Children's Hospital off Thomas).
This is a great charity.
The house provides a "home away from home" for out-of-town families who have children receiving medical care in Phoenix.
This particular "house" is set up like a small, one-story motel that surrounds a courtyard.
In the center of the courtyard is a building with a registration desk, shared kitchen, dining room, and computer room.
In an adjacent building is a library and "family room".
There is also a laundry room and outdoor playground.
The room we are staying in has one bed, a reclining chair, TV/DVD and a sink.
The bathroom is shared with the adjacent room, so you need to knock before you go in.
If it is busy, there is a restroom in the dining area.
Our room has wi-fi, but I was told that not all rooms get the signal that comes from the dining area.
Sometimes the signal is a little weak.
Our room is as close to the dining area as you can get.
Dinner is usually provided by a generous community service group each night.
Typical meals include enchiladas, lasagna, and hamburgers.
Very much like a church pot-luck.
Breakfast and lunch are on your own, but you are given space in a refrigerator and cupboard to store your own food, and you can use the utensils and appliances.
You are expected to clean up after each meal (and to clean the shared bathroom after each use).
Food is not allowed in the rooms.
The house has an arrangement with the Arizona Science Center that allows your family free admission.
We took advantage of this today and it was a nice break from the hospital.
Hope this helps prepare you a bit if you ever have to use the facility.
We are very thankful this place exists.
You can tell that there is a lot of community pride associated with it.
For example, the Diamondbacks donated the playground, and each room has a sponsor.
The grounds and rooms are well-kept.
By the way, the staff is kind and helpful too.

Love the place.
Great seeing so many people come here and cook for the family.
My Kiwanis Club comes here to cook every other month, and now we are talking about possibly coming here every month.
Great group of people to be working with.

