I was super impressed with this facility.
Dr R. Carullo was prompt, professional, yet very understanding and compassionate.
(Not all traits you find in a dr.) I was able to print my paperwork out online, check in before I left the house, and had a minimal wait time.
The office had a few snacks, some drinks, and a friendly support staff.
He recommended a specialist, and I was excited to learn his wife did internal medicine in the same location.
He made a painful, unpleasant situation better by his attentive, yet knowledgeable approach.
I feel fortunate that Las Vegas immediate care is where I ended up.
I have chronic health issues, and never have I felt this at ease.
Thank you LVIC, you all did a great job for me today and I thank you :)

My previous doctor, for whom I had written rave reviews on Yelp and physician-rating websites, switched to a larger practice.
It became impossible to schedule an appointment, or even get calls returned from her or her nurse.
Major bummer when doctors get too big for their britches.
So when I needed a doctor TODAY, I checked Yelp and decided to go to Las Vegas Immediate Care.
And I did get almost immediate care.
I chose to fill out the new patient information beforehand, which was nine pages long, but even that wasn't long enough - they added a tenth page for me to read and sign when I got there.
If this CYA crap doesn't stop, we'll soon need a week to provide all the info that doctors want you to give, read, sign, etc.
There's a definite advantage to being the last patient in the office on the eve of Memorial Day Weekend, because the other patients were finishing up.
I was seen first by a P.A., then by Dr. Fauzia Carullo.
All together, I got a pretty good exam, and found Dr. Carullo very competent.
I also feel she spent enough time with me to make me decide to schedule some pre-op testing that I need in a couple of weeks.
And I like the idea that she and her husband share patients, and that it's a small practice.
For a few reasons that I don't want to elaborate on in this review, I can't give it a full-fledged five star rating, but in this great city that is so sorely lacking in inspired medical care, I can definitely recommend this practice, at least so far for the urgent care part of it.
I'll update when I have a regular appointment.

Probably the best Urgent Care experience I've ever had.
I used to travel year-round for work (as a performer) so I have been to my fair share of Urgent Care facilities across the country for various injuries.
I can honestly say this was the nicest facility and I felt I got the best care.
Now a Las Vegas resident I was hesitant to try yet another Urgent Care I had never been to but did not have a choice when I found myself with an ankle injury that needed to be seen.
I did not have an appointment but the wait wasn't too bad.
They needed initial paperwork and took vitals (and then I did wait in a patient room for the dr for probably 45min...only downside).
The doctor seemed to know her stuff and I did not feel like I was brushed over.
She was very thorough and when they needed to do an ultrasound of my leg they were able to do that there.
Oh...they didn't have x-ray capabilities (so I had to go to another location for that but it was within a mile of the office) but I THINK I heard that they will be doing x-rays there in the near future.
That was the only thing that would have made the experience even better.
Had a follow up appointment with the same doctor a week after the initial appointment.
Very happy with the care here.
Will absolutely go back if I need to be seen by a doctor for anything again and would highly recommend this Urgent Care to anyone.

After going here a couple times for urgent care, I'm happy to say that Dr. Carullo is now my primary care doctor!
Here is why:  1.
She is compassionate and great at her skill She is sympathetic and sincere about your situation, which can really mean a lot when you are feeling crappy.
If it's one thing I hate, it's a doctor that makes you feel like every other one of his/her patients.
Dr. Carullo really takes the time to listen to you and your concerns.
And she has good energy as well (yes, for all you hippies, like me).
You feel immediately better as she walks in the room!
I had a serious knee break this year that was horribly misdiagnosed by Southern Hills ER, who sent me home with no brace, and told me it wasn't broken.
I followed up with Dr. Carullo, and she knew right away that my diagnosis was a mistake.
She took the proper precautions in ordering more tests and fitted me with a brace before she even saw the results.
If she hadn't done this, I could've sustained permanent damage, as Southern Hills ****ed up big time.
She seriously saved me from a lifetime of pain!
Flexible office The staff here is very friendly, and WILL find a way to fit you in.
You may have to wait a little, but the care they give is worth it.
That being said, I don't think I've ever waited 30 mins without even making an appointment.
When I have made an appointment, the wait was only 10-15 minutes.
Office amenities The seating area is super comfy (nice big couches) with plenty of room.
They always have treats (coffee, tea, snacks) for you while you wait.
You can tell they've taken great care in thinking about their patients in the waiting room.
Last time I was in her office, I saw she had received an award for "Most Compassionate Doctor.
" This couldn't be more true.

Waited for more than an hour... and it took us basically 2hrs to check in and out... but dr. carullo is sooooo sweet... and so nice!!
makes you feel like youre at home and makes you feel very comfortable :) will be back in the future!

I tried to book an appointment with a regular family doctor for what I thought was maybe the flu but I couldn't find anyone who would take me short notice so urgent care was my next option.
I don't think there is anything I loathe more than going to the doctor but Las Vegas Urgent Care got me in and out super quick!
And I already feel 1000X better!
I wish I could remember the sweet nurses name that helped me but she was over the top friendly!
And Dr.Carullo he's the bee's knees super nice and made me feel much better!
Hopefully this bronchitis will be gone before I know it!
Thank you Las Vegas Urgent Care!

I am updating my review- I received a nice note from the doctor explaining why the wait time was so long.
I appreciate his taking the time to respond, and his explanation.

I was there on Jan 23, 2014 and I don't want to ever go any where else.
The entire facility was so clean and so comfortable.
I took pictures of the art work hanging in the room because I liked it so much.
Everyone was totally nice.
Wait time was minimum and they were very accommodating.
Evelyn was awesome and so sweet and helpful.
The doctor was hot but wearing a wedding ring.
I would definitely go back  fyi: dr name on my rx bottle says Ralph Carullo  Also, there was coffee set up and chocolate kisses as you exited back into the waiting room

Once again, this office prevails.
This time I saw the "other" Dr. Carullo (male).
He was great.
Very knowledgeable about my existing injury having had one himself (broken knee cap).
I did have to wait a bit, but because it was an urgent appointment, this was warranted.
I was able to get referred to a specialist for my chronic injury and get some temporary help in the way of bandages and meds, which helps a great deal.
The office staff, as always, were friendly and helpful, even given their heavy traffic this time of day.
Thanks again guys!

Avoid at all costs!
I will recount my experience blow by blow and let you be the judge.
I went in for a respiratory infection that was lingering for a few weeks.
Office staff was professional and I did not need to wait long.
MA checked blood pressure and lung capacity.
Doctor Carullo enters and seemed like a nice enough guy.
He checks my throat, and ears, and after a minute or two exam with little more questions, asks me my symptoms.
I tell him sore throat and cough that has lingered for 5 weeks.
The doctor then tells me the symptoms look like HIV, no other possibilities were offered other than that.
Although I tested negative 6 months ago, I was horrified (doc never asked me about that).
He asked me if I wanted an HIV test explaining it costs 35.00, takes 15min and they do it for cost.
I said 100% yes.
He continued for some reason why he thought I had HIV, first he said I have a geographical tongue, and canker sore.
I told him that I have always had a geographical tongue and my 84 year old mother has the same, regarding the canker sores I explained I have gotten them since age 12.
I said despite this, I am all for getting the test.
(2nd time I agreed to the test) The doctor then continued- "As a doctor I am basing my diagnosis on other factors as well and I am confident that these factors compel me to make this conclusion..." At this point he starts to go into further details to make a case for me being HIV positive until I had to literally talk over his voice and beg him to stop trying to convince me I have HIV virus.
I said "please stop you are really stressing me out"   I happen to be on 2 mood stabilizers for severe mood swings and which was included in papers I filled out along with the medication names.
At this point the doctor abruptly began small talk about why I moved to Europe and if my parents lived there.
I told him I did not think small talk was the best idea until the results return.
After waiting 10 minutes MA brings me water And says- "don't be stressed, life is too short to worry about these things" 20 minutes later MA comes in tells me I am negative and have bronchitis, he then puts me on a nebulizer machine.
Did not see doctor until the end when he wrote me my prescriptions.
Mis diagnosing someone is one thing, but putting them though emotional agony for no reason is quite another.
Nothing was mentioned about a possibility of bronchitis previous to the test.
Update: Firstly the doctor called me to apologize in a very nice way after seeing my review.
Unfortunately the story gets worse anyway.
Although there was no evidence of a bacterial infection Dr Carullo prescribed an extremely potent antibiotic normally used for pneumonia called Levofloxacim.
I took this medication for 10 days with zero change with my "bronchitis".
After leaving Vegas on business trip to europe my condition did not go away it, got worse, I began wheezing with shortness of breath, I flew back to New York to see my real doctor.
Thinking I had bronchitis as Dr Carullo diagnosed, I began to panic as the only info I could find online that fitted bronchitis that serious is chronic bronchitis (an incurable fatal condition)   Finally when examined by my normal physician I was  given a chest X-Ray had my blood oxygen levels checked etc, and was diagnosed with asthma.
I was given 2 inhalers one albuterol and the other a steroid inhaler.
I am now fully recovered.
I hope doctors like Carullo are exposed more often for incompetence as these mistakes are extremely damaging for the patient no matter how many times a Doctor apologizes.
I do not know why yelp has filtered my review.
Sent from my iPad

Dr.Carullo is a great Doctor, I am greatful that I found this place.I recommend this place  to anyone looking for a primary Doctor.

Went here because of the reviews but i did not have a great experience.
I had stomach flu or food poisoning...still not sure, because the "doctor" saw me for 2 mins touched my neck and stomach and decided i just needed a prescription.
yes a drug for nausea and vomiting, because nothing over the counter could possibly work.
So waited 2 hrs, with only 4 ppl ahead of me according to the receptionist, i counted at least 7 who went ahead of me, even ppl who came in after me who she said had appointments.
The front staff is not very professional and the Dr i saw is not one i would see again.

If you are from out of town, do not come here.
The fact that a suggestion by a male clerk who initially said my insurance was a no go in his office then suggested that I call my insurance to make sure I will be covered left a bad taste in my mouth .
I went to this place because of their 4+ rating on yelp.
I left the office without being checked out.
I know for a fact that my insurance should have been accepted because I call my provider after I left.
I believe that's why they have insurance specialist working for them.
Or do they?FYI if you are going to talk about someone's insurance statues.
Make sure other people don't hear the conversations u are having with the patient or the other clerks comments about a patients insurance status.
Very unprofessional .

