As a Las Vegas native I've really gotten to know my local watering holes pretty well over the years.
These neighborhood bars are usually all the same, gaming and no ambiance.
Legends is a different story......You walk in and right away you get treated like family.
Within minutes I had an awesome plate of spicy chicken wings in front of my poker machine.
The bar tenders really know their drinks too.
Just ask for the Cable Car and you'll know what I mean.
Good job Legend's staff......Keep up the good work and I'll see you soon.

Awesome place!
Felt like we were back home.
Very friendly staff and great prices.
Pool tables, darts, pinball machines along with a great pizza place inside it.
Will be back soon!

I was introduced to this place by a couple of friends.
I absolutely love it!
Wasn't quite certain how it was going to be before walking in but once I did, I was glad I did!
Awesome!
Everyone here is so laid back and it totally has that neighborhood bar type of feel.
The patrons all the way down to the bartenders are really cool and are like your friends from jump street which makes this place really easy to consider your second home after just your first visit.
They have live music, a jukebox and I am told they have karaoke Thursdays.
Don't want to just chill at the bar and drink while shooting the shhhhh, they have two pool tables, a Ms. Pac Man/Galaga machine and this really cool punching bag game!
Great way to let out some steam after a long day at work!!
Beers are pretty darn cheap in here too, so that's an added plus!
I believe they have PBR on tap during Happy Hour for just a buck!!
Make sure you come down and check this place out.
It's a pretty mid class place with dive bar prices.....and I love dive bars!

My favorite bar in Vegas.
Loose slots and very friendly bartenders.
They have live music and its very spacious inside with pool,darts, and games.

Best bar I have come across.
Its not much on the outside, but don't let that fool you.
When you walk in, its like a whole new world.
It's very clean and very open.
They have a couple pool tables, classic video games, new dart boards, gaming machines on the bar and a stage for live music.
They have Karaoke on Thursday nights, live bands on the weekends.
The Staff is awesome!!
They are great people and super friendly.
This is the best spot I found that you can just chill and have fun.
Drinks are very reasonable.
Bucket of 5 beers for $8, they have some draft beers and great selection of mixed drinks.
They had a great food place that closed.
They did reopen it and run it themselves now.
The menu is simple but very good.
That is definitely getting better day by day.
This is a must try place.
You won't be disappointed.
Till next time...Let's Eat!

Interior was revamped ok, nothing spectacular.
Bands setup offset, facing away from the bar.
This is good and bad, keeping a majority of the loudness away from the Gamers, yet making it tough for most of the bar to see the band.
Very good Domestic Beer prices at $2.50, but the Liquor is another story, with Fireball Shots at $4.50.
Higher than probably every bar within 5 miles.
Most bars in the SouthEast are prices $3.00-$4.00.
Food is nothing spectacular, mostly frozen/fried appetizers.
Jalapenos are fresh but flavor leaves a lot to be desired and with 6 halves on a plate, very over-priced.
Burgers are very small and not even close to worth the $7.00 charged.
A $5.00 Burger at best.
Nachos are typical for a bar and way over-priced at $7.00  Make sure to lock your cars/trucks.
Bikers, take your helmets inside as they have been stolen on each of multiple previous visits for multiple friends.

