This location in the Fashion Show mall is opening to the public on 10/12/11.
Yesterday they had their soft opening for mall employees, offering a free meal with a distributed voucher.
The line snaked around the central eating area (under the escalators in the great hall), but it moved fairly quickly.
The restaurant itself is small, occupying the space that formerly housed Fresh Produce.
It sits between Johnny Rockets on the right and Aveda on the left.
Here's hoping this location keeps the mall employees fed well, While providing quick eats.
It's great to have a fast food place that ISN'T in the food court, for those shops that are in this area of the mall!

Delicious.
Went here twice this past week.
No line either time.
Food was awesome!

A light meal is nonexistent at Chipotle.
Even when getting a salad, the staff piles heaps of each ingredients into the bowls.
As stated by their board, all of the protein choices are raised in hormone and antibiotic free conditions and the veggies are mainly organic.
Which means the copious amount in front of you will only put you into  a food coma.
The options are limitless.
With the availability of brown rice and black beans makes me happy.
The pile of shredded barbacoa only adds to my delight.
The dressing is not my favorite.
It is unnecessary with their pico, roasted corn, mild and hot salsas.
For a quick meal, Chipotle does hit the spot.

Ok, it's a Chipotle Mexican Grill.
It's exactly like all the others, and the menu is the same.
That being said, it is inside a mall, and has a reasonably large and clean seating area outside the restaurant in the concourse.
The food was good, and the staff was efficient and served promptly and hot.
It is possible to get some variability in the freshness of the food and cleanliness of the location of course, and on both points this location was great.
The only reason I'm adding my review here, since I don't think every single Chipotle needs a review, is that it was one of my best meals in Vegas.
The last time I was in Vegas it seemed a little easier to find something vegan.
Especially in some of the $100+ per person restaurants, I'd expect the chef to be a bit more accommodating.
Anyway, two thumbs up (and five stars!
) for finding a Chipotle convenient to my hotel, the Palazzo.

This place is the same as all the other Chipotle's except its a mini version & it's on the strip!
We were searching for an affordable place to eat after paying an outrageous amount for our cab & we found Chipotle which we are huge fans of anyhow!
We were ecstatic!!
Yummy!!
There's also a pizza place as well as Panda Express in the same little area that Chipotle is so if you have kids, you can please just about all of them!

I love chipotle.
It never fails me when I'm starving!
I like the fact that they use free range meat.

this chain's a godsend to travelers who need quick, reasonably-priced,   healthy/non-greasy eats.
i ate lunch here everyday while staying at Caesar's Palace.
perfect business model.
always nice employees.
i dig their brown rice option (which is hard to find in restaurants).healthy & delicious.
love my no-frills chicken burrito for $7.08

If you are looking for a consistent meal no matter what location you visit, come and eat at Chipotle.
One of the healthiest fast food restaurants around, Chipotle serves up great tacos, burritos and salads...all well under $10.
Food: One of the things I like about this place is that all the ingredients are freshly prepared and served in front of you and you can customize your burrito in any way you want.
Oh, and make sure to order the guacamole...
The freshest and tastiest I've tried in Vegas.
Staff: This particular location had some customer services issues when they first opened, but have improved a lot since then.
You are always greeted with a warm welcome and a smile and your food is always ready within minutes of walking in the door.

This is likely one of the slowest Chipotle's ever.
I come from a college community in Seattle where the line is extraordinarily long, however the employees at that location knock out the orders like dealing out cards in poker.
They get me my good food fast.
The Fashion Show Mall location, however, literally takes forever.
I don't know why.
I think there's not enough hustle in people's step.
Maybe they assume everyone's a tourist, so they take their time thinking the customer won't know better.
Sigh...
I still come back though because the food is just too damn cheap and good.

What can i say, I love chipotle.
The staff is ready for your business...

On the strip and reasonably priced.
Good food with cold beer.
Need wifi.

The chipotle here is a great hangover cure!
I love getting a burrito from here in the morning when I wake up not feeling so well in Vegas.
What I may love even more than that is getting a HUGE burrito for dinner, putting half of it away and coming back later that night after an evening of festivities at the Vegas nightclubs.
Either way, this Chipotle never disappoints, which I find ironic because I would think one would with it's location being Vegas and the sheer volume of drunk people they have to cater to.
Kudos chipotle people, kudos!

Chipotle is a good place to cure a hangover (not like I would know....ok fine I do know) or when you're craving Americanized Mexican food.
I just have 2 issues with this location (inside the Fashion Show Mall):  1.
Online order apparently never works with this location which I find odd.
You could have the email confirmation in their face and they would argue with you that "they didn't receive it".
And it doesn't help they have such crappy attitudes.
Even the manager will give you attitude.
Sure, I can go out of my way and go to another location that's 5 miles away from my job instead of this location which is just around the corner but I shouldn't.
I guess not everyone cares about customer service.
Instead of trying to blame the customer and saying "no, we didn't get it" say "I apologize for the inconvenience.
Please let me know what you ordered and I can make it for you immediately.
" IDK just a thought?
At least that's what I would do...but hey it's not like I've been in the customer service industry since I was old enough to get a job....oh wait.... 2.
Food is always cold.
Even when you eat there.
Why is my food cold when I literally just ordered it?
Is that also my fault?
Maybe you should have a microwave next to the soda machine for those of us who are paying for a hot meal.
If those two things changed I would probably eat there more often and love it.

Can I give this NO STARS or NEGATIVE STARS!!!!
I was NOT happy with the service or the food here!
I'm hoping this was just a bad day!
But it really doesn't matter because I wont be EVER eat at this particular Chipotle again IN LIFE!!!!

I was so impressed with the service here!

When my boyfriend & I first walked in, we were greeted with 'hello' by the workers.
Thought it was nice, so I smiled & said it back.
But then.. Once we got to the counter, the girl (chubby white one) looked pissed at me for some reason.
She looked very unhappy & was very unfriendly toward me.
The way she spoke, and her actions.
Also, there was another girl who helped scoop the food into our burrito bowls, and she had the same attitude as well.
While they asked what we wanted & scooped it into our bowls, they barely scooped anything, so I asked "May I have some more, please?
" They followed by scooping a very, very small amount.
One of them, when I asked for lettuce, scooped about a quarter sized amount & when I asked for more, another quarter or two sized amount.
I'm not sure why they're so stingy here, but at other Chipotle locations I've been to, they always give a generous amount of food & customer service is mostly great.
Once I got to the cashier, the guy gave me the wrong change (less), but when I let him know, corrected it almost immediately.
I always tip food service, and almost didn't (because of the mean girls) but did because the guy saved the day by being nice & he didn't give me a mean look or frown.
He SMILED & was genuinely nice.
I'm not quite sure what's crawling up the girl workers' butts but they're not just ruining it for the customers, they're ruining it for the business as well.
Actually, I'm not quite sure if it's a racist thing (since I'm Asian & they're not) or if they think I can't eat (since I'm petite), but I was still kinda hungry even after I ate everything, since they gave me smaller portions.
Funny, since the other two white girls after us got very large portions~!
Lolol.

We usually eat here about once a week, since it is so close to the office.
We use online ordering, and we've found it much easier to pay online when using a credit card.
Anytime we try to pay in store it seems to get complicated for the staff, because there are usually a few different payment methods.
They are pretty friendly and the food is usually ready when we get there.
This location is a little smaller than others that I've been to, but since we are mostly going for takeout it's fine with me.
There is usually a line when I get there, but since we've ordered online, I can go straight to the check out.
Food is always good, very consistent.
I usually order the Barbacoa Bowl with white rice and black beans or Barbacoa Soft Corn Tortillas.
I like the corn and hot salsa.
Pro tip: Use online ordering, pay with a credit card online, for easy pick up.
Pro tip: ask for tortillas on the side.
The guacamole seems expensive, but you do get a fair amount.
Like 4 oz.
Pro tip: order it on the side, because otherwise it's too much all in one spot.

This chipotle is located inside the Fashion Show Mall.
I rarely eat there.
It's my least favorite place to eat at the Fashion Show Mall.
To begin with it's always crowded, and you can rarely find a place to sit.
The dining room is cramped, and there's rarely any available seats in the mall area.
It's always very loud in there.
So loud it's almost impossible to hear the people taking your order.
I usually have to say, "What?
" or "Excuse Me?
" many times while ordering.
It's also very expensive, and they don't offer a mall employee discount.
There are 2 other Mexican Restaurants in the mall.
One facing the strip next to RA Sushi, and another in the food court.
There are many other restaurants within feet from there, and they offer discounts.
On a brighter note...
The quality of food is up to standards, and it's usually fairly clean.
The employees do put in an effort to constantly clean.

Chipotle c'est la formule Macdo appliqué aux burritos et tacos.
C'est propre, rapide et pas cher.
Le principe est simple, commandez le type de galette, la garniture, le type de viande et les sauces désirées.
votre burrito sera prêt dans les 3minutes.
Bon point de chute si vous voulez pas cher et avoir l'estomac bien rempli en vue d'une ballade dans le downtown Vegas!

all i can say is that they give small portions

At least chipotle didn't disappointment me on this trip to Vegas!
Food quality is consistently good (nothing off about the steak burrito), and the guy noticed immediately when the tortilla ripped when he was wrapping up my burrito and exchanged it for a new one.
Would've been a pain to have started eating it and then realize the tortilla was ripped.
Employees there are super friendly, I know the guy was probably being polite when he said I looked nice but hey, if someone gives you a sweet compliment as you're buying lunch it's an added bonus and makes me feel good so why not?
:)   Located inside the Fashion Show Mall next to a few other food places (Panda Express is right next to it), it's a convenient location within walkable distance from many hotels including the Riviera.
Although packed, we were still able to find seats!

If you want to spend double the price of any other chipotle and leave hungry... Then I definitely recommend it.

I am not in general one to review a chain property as you would think a patron would be getting a mostly consistent experience from location to location.
Not so the case with the Fashion Show Chipotle.
First, it should be noted that this store is more expensive than the surrounding Chipotles.
I understand the rent for the building is probably pretty high, but that's a tax that seems to have landed on the customers.
Being that you are paying more however, unfortunately the portions are less than neighboring Chipotles.
The proteins are dished out in what looks more like garnish portions.
The meat should be the hero and not the after thought.
Ask for a more ample serving and you are charged double for what truly is a normal sized portion at any other location.
Eat there in a bind because you know what you're getting flavor wise.
Just don't hope to be satiated unless you want an $8 dollar burrito bowl.
For a store in a more lavish environment, they're exceedingly expensive yet wow, at the same time incredibly stingy!

Well, this place didn't bother me too much.
I thought portion sizes were good and they were really on their game.
There is a girl who works there that runs circles around everyone.
Love her!!!
It's a chain, owned by mcdonalds.
And Will I eat here again ...
I don't know.
But after what I saw today, I was not pleased at all.
And have a picture to prove it.
I was dropping my boyfriend off at work and a girl pulled up in her gross beat up Toyota with fresh produce in the back.
She and another guy lit up cigarettes before moving box after box of food out of her car.
Both holding the cigarette in their mouth while lifting and moving boxes.
All I could think of was the ashes falling into the lettuce or it just falling inside by accident.
Also, she obviously smokes in her car and a lot of the produce was in the back seat.
It was very unappetizing to say the least.
Why is an employee transferring produce in her own vehicle?
That's what I want to know.
Who knows how long that food was in her car.
Food thawing out and cigarette smoke going inside the boxes.
Who knows if I'll go back to this location or others.

I ate the chicken burritos from this place for the entire time I was pregnant, I love this place because it reminds me of La Parilla in MT...which is where I'm from...

Good location for those who work in the mall.
Prices are almost the same as any other location off the strip which is great.
But as it is on the strip and in a mall, depending on the time, may be a line (as with every other chipotle location)  Came here to buy lunch for a friend who was working.
Ordered a burrito bowl to go.
First person didn't put much rice, even after asking for extra rice.
Almost seemed like a normal amount at any other location.
The steak was cooked perfectly (on sight, dunoe taste since i wasnt the one eating it) medium rare.
Added mild salsa with hot salsa on the side.
sour cream and corn.
Asked for cheese as well.
This was the first place to "evenly" put cheese over the entire bowl (which meant more cheese than the one who was eating it was used to.
Overall, good experience.
Random note - saw someone making a burrito that was ahead of us.
They stuffed it SOO much, that the first tortilla broke.
Used a second tortilla to fix.
Oh my god that burrito was at least a pound or two.

**Service Only**  Friday 5/30/2014 approx.
1:45PM...
Wanted a quick bite so entered Chipotle and was barely greeted by the guy behind the counter - I think he made a sound like "neh"  - so I proceeded to give him my order.
Asked for a chicken burrito, but they were out of both beef and chicken - at lunchtime no less.
Without a smile nor a friendly smirk and after heating up my tortilla, he filled my burrito with Barbacoa and veggies (remember no beef nor chicken), and passed it on to a girl that seemed equally as miserable to be working there.
She added the additional accouterments, wrapped my burro, and handed it to the cashier.
Now the cashier was friendly however not above and beyond as I have experienced in other Chipotles.
She was very accommodating when I asked for a paper bowl for my burrito..  Never have I been in a restaurant location where the ENTIRE TEAM was miserable.

Hi, my name is Kenn, I'm a Chipotle addict.

Wow, I totally knew that I hated this place.
Maybe hate is too strong of a word, but I would never eat here if I had a choice.
My dad had a craving for tortillas so we ended up here.
The line was pretty long, but it goes fast.
The employees weren't rude, but they weren't overly friendly either.
Just enough to get them by.
So here's why I don't eat here ever... 1.
The food gets cold fast.
With all the lettuce, salsa or sour cream you pile on your food, no wonder everything you eat is cold after a few bites.
The quality of meat they use was really crappy.
The steak was really chewy and you could see the veins.
They are super stingy with portions.
I've eaten at this location a few times and have ordered different things.
This last visit, the chick put 4 small pieces of steak in my taco.
Another time I ordered a bowl and I only got a little scoop of rice even when I didn't have any beans.
The flavors are pretty bland.
If you don't drench your food in salsa or cheese or sour cream, you really can't taste much.
I don't eat sour cream or cheese since it's extra calories I don't need to be eating.
So it looks like I'm stuck with boring food.
Their tortillas suck.
They get hard and break so all your meat and stuff fall everywhere and you need a fork to finish eating your tacos.
Anyway, to everyone that swears by this place, to each his own.
But for me, I'll just stay away.

This my favorite Chipotle in Vegas.
The food is always great, friendly service, and when I order for pickup it is always ready.
I would highly recommend ordering in advance though or you may encounter a line out the door.

