To Gary and his wonderful staff,  Our boring backyard has been transformed in to our own little oasis!!!
Neal and I can't begin to express our appreciation for a job "very well done"!
The entire project ran like clockwork.
The planning and execution was seamless.
Your work crews are craftsmen, very skilled and meticulous.
Gary, the project started with your creative design.
You listened very closely to what features we wanted and you incorporated those ideas into a masterpiece we now proudly call our backyard.
Throughout the project, your team was very responsive to any concerns or questions we had.
As our daily point of contact, Mike was wonderful to work with.
To say that you and your staff went beyond our wildest dreams in the quality of work and customer service would be an understatement.
Our backyard project also included a spa built and installed by your company, Spas by Design.
The quality of your spa is untouchable.
Also, I can't say enough about Bob Campo, your sales manager.
When, as new spa owners, we were having some concerns about how to maintain the proper water quality, he came right over to help with a big smile and words of encouragement.
Gary, this is what we learned about you during our backyard project.
You LOVE your work.
You're very good at it.
You run your company with integrity.
Your word is golden.
We can't thank you enough!
Neal & Lori

I can't say enough good stuff about Tim and Spas by design.
Knowledgeable, very important in the spa business.
Technology keeps advancing, and Tim keeps up with it.
Installation:  Done perfectly, and aesthetically beautiful in our backyard.
Hot tub quality:  The best I've ever used, a superior product.
Follow on service and support:  This gets my highest ratings .
Nothing is more important than being able to make a phone call and have someone out to you almost immediatley.
They help with technique for maintaining ideal water conditions, safe water condition, in your spa.
They are superior in every way.

I purchased my in ground spa a little over a year ago.
I have needed Tim and the Spas by Design crew come out a couple times for little random things, nothing major.
Each time I called and spoke directly with Tim and he had someone out to my house the next day.
The spa is amazing and the entire Spas by Design team from sales to service has been nothing less than exceptional.
I would recommend purchasing a spa from Spas by Design to anyone in the market, just ask for Bob.

