Stopped in here on our way out of town last week.
We've been here numerous times and even though they were good when they first opened, the last couple of times have been bad experiences.
We hesitated going back, but wanted a good breakfast before we hit the road for a 3 hour drive.
We decided to give them another try.
This time the experience was excellent.
The food was good, but the best part was Kailey our waitress, she was exceptional.
She was very friendly and very attentive.
In the past we've had poor service, so this was refreshing to see, it's restored our faith in IHOP again.
They still need to work on their service at the front counter, there were 3 of us waiting to pay our bill with no one in sight.

Clean, really good service, quiet, and delicious of course.

Absolutely great service, and great food!
Prices could be a little lower.

Food is always great, usually have a pretty good wait, servers are hit and miss here.

Great service and delicious breakfasts!

Today was my second time visiting IHOP.
Both times with my mother and we had a great experiance.
Eggs were a little brown, but that was the only thing.
Everything else was good.

Excellent IHOP.
Very pleasant atmosphere, courteous, friendly staff and excellent food.
No negatives to report.
It is the best IHOP we have been in.
Highly recommended.

The service at this location was very slow but we didn't complain because it was New Year's Day and we figured the employees were probably all hung-over- we were after all!
I came in knowing exactly what I wanted- the Colorado Omelette.
It's my go-to order when I am in Colorado and it was exactly what I was craving.
Unfortunately, the CO Omelette is not served with green salsa like it is in CO.
In fact, the waitress had never even heard of it before!!
I was so bummed but I ordered it anyways.
I wish I hadn't because I soon realized that the green salsa is what makes this omelette delicious.
Without it, the omelette is dry and pretty tastless.
Luckily I was able to fill up on my pancakes and side of sausage.
IHOP is an OK breakfast option if you can't find a local place serving breakfast at 3pm, but I definitely will not be ordering the Colorado Omelette anywhere other than Colorado!

I think IHOP is a great restaurant for families.
They seem to always have some sort of "Kids eat free" promotion going on.
They have good food and I love that they serve breakfast all day long.
I have been to this location many times since they opened and I have never had a complaint about their service.

I've dined at this Ihop plenty of times, and never had problems until just recently.
A month ago a couple of friends and I dined there at midnight and we all got our food and one of my friends didn't.
It took a whole hour for my friend to receive her food after of course we were all done eating and ready to pay.
Apparently the cook was too "overwhelmed" with all of our orders to keep up.
So that was a bit bothersome until the next time I went to eat there which was about a week ago when I found a nice long black hair on top of my French toast.
The waitress said she would discount my ticket but then of course "forgot" after she rung me up.
That will be the last time I eat at that Ihop.
The night cook can't get orders out in a reasonable amount of time or keep his hair off of my food so It's safe to say I'm done with that location.

It's IHOP and therefore I don't expect much but our experience today was not very enjoyable.
First there were screaming children just non stop screaming, we could hear the chime for the front door everytime someone came in and finally one of the meals that came out was incorrect.
We sent the meal back and could then hear the waitress and the kitchen arguing about the food and whether or not it was correct.
When we went up front to pay and they asked how it was my mom addressed these issues with the female manager, the manager felt the need to argue about it and basically say we were wrong by using patronizing phrases such as "I'm sorry you feel that way" and "We can't control our guests".
She did take the incorrect meal off but she also kept the receipt with the survey on it, which I find suspicious.

Ok, their corporate office sent $25 in response to my complaint, so we tried this location again.
This time they sat us (3 adults, no kids) in the backroom, where we were the only table without children.
My hasbrowns came out after everyone else's meal, there was no salt on the table, the salad my mom ordered was wilty and slightly brown.
The iced tea was not drinkable, I sent mine back and they still charged me for it.
When I went upfront with the gift certificate, the same manager that was there for the previous visit, didn't even know how to check me out, using it, she had to get the hostess to do it, which I found really unprofessional.
She also didn't even acknowledge that I was there, so after this, I definitely don't think we'll be going back to this location, especially when Village Inn is right there as well.

This is a newer IHoP, so you would think it'd be a nicer one.
It isn't.
This location is close to my house, but my daughter and I drive all the way to Power and Baseline because it's so much better than this one.
Every time we come to this location the tables are icky and there are always flies.
In fact, my daughter and I call this location FLYHOP.

The seasonal raspberry white chocolate chip pancakes are amazing!
It comes with eggs, bacon, sausage and hash browns.
You will not be disappointed.

Slow slow slow...kept forgetting things, forgot an entire meal for one person in our party.
Every request we had took at least 5 minutes.
Horrible experience.

We've given up on this location.
Food is not good here.
Scrambled eggs are not edible, the kids never like them here.
Hash brown usually burnt.
Omelettes as dry as can be.
Coffee is just horrible.
Unfortunately, we always give it a try once every few months, but always the same.
So we just go back to village inn.
It's just better tasting food.

We went last week specifically for the summer signature pancakes.
I know not to expect the real entree to look like the pictures on the menu, but when I received my peaches with raspberry sauce pancakes there were only 2 slices of peaches on top.
My mom and husband both ordered the strawberry and banana ones but one had generous toppings and fillings while the other was very sparse.
Hard to believe the dishes made it out of the kitchen looking the way they did and the waitress should have been too embarrased to deliver them.
This is definitely not the first time we've left this restaurant unhappy but this was the most extreme case.
Not to mention the waitress CONSTANTLY said "awesome" while we were ordering.
Not very professional.

I Hop rocks.
Fast friendly service food is great coffee is super.
You get a pot of coffee on your table that you drink as you eat.
Unlike Dennys where you have to hold your cup up in the air like a beggar,begging for money..
Thanks to two I HOP waitresses Autumn and Cara for excellent service with a smile.

