I really liked several different things about this company.
The first thing that impressed me was that they were able to make it out on a days notice....... on a WEEKEND (with no extra charge)....
The other thing was the price.
House cleaning service is not cheap in general, but I feel that their prices are fair.
I had Jessica and Craig show up exactly on time, one Sunday evening.
I walked them through my house and wasn't really sure what to expect since I have never had anyone clean my house for me before.
Jessica made me feel very comfortable and let me know what to expect.
I had budgeted for only 2hours and to be very honest there was probably a good 4hours of cleaning I should have gotten done!
.... but with that being said, it was nice that I was able to say "this this and this" is a priority... this would be nice though- type thing.
The company's webpage tells you everything they can do, but to me, my money was best spent by having them do the things I hated doing and that needed it the most!
So I liked that they took my priorities and just did their thing with them.
Bottom line: I feel like I got what I paid for, and then some.
Would have rated 5 stars but I've seen house cleaning services with cheaper rates....
But then again, I do not want to risk not being satisfied with their sub par service; so ill be sticking with Addicted to Clean!

We were highly impressed with Addicted to Clean.
They came out on a Saturday with no hesitation.
Jessica and Craig did a great job cleaning our house.
My husband stayed at home while they were here, and I went shopping.
When I returned, I was in awe of how much they got cleaned and how thoroughly they cleaned.
I am definitely having them back.
It is worth every penny!

I recently bought a house after nine LONG months of the short sale process.
Although the house was gorgeous, the previous owners left the house in a total mess (pieces of long hair floating in the refrigerator, green carpet that looked gray because of animal fur, etc.).
I honestly really wanted to clean the house, but I just couldn't muster up the courage to dive right in.
I started looking around and called some bigger cleaning companies, but their quotes were ridiculous.
Also, on top of the crazy prices, none of them wanted to do what I wanted them to do - clean the ENTIRE house.
Many places stated they didn't wash windows, wipe the insides of cupboards, this, that, and the other which was a bit annoying.
You want me to pay you $400 to clean my house for four hours, and you are not going to do what I ask you to do?
So, I started searching on Yelp, and quite frankly, I liked the name "Addicted To Clean.
"  My mother is OCD (not kidding on this part), and she is literally addicted to cleaning.
Therefore, I figured I couldn't possibly go wrong with these people.
Jessica and Craig came right on time, and they walked through the house with me and listened to my request.
They started working right away, and when they were finished after 6 HOURS of cleaning, the house looked AMAZING.
They even took the time to clean up my yard waste, change my air filter, wiped down all of the windows and sliding doors, and vacuumed until my green carpet turned green again.
I could sit here and write down a whole list of what they did for me, but it is so long that I will leave it to your imagination.
(Besides that, Yelp has a tendency to filter out reviews that sound too nice.
I know you, Yelp.
)    On top of my bragging about Jessica and Craig's abilities, I paid a fraction of what everyone else was quoting.
I would go with them instead of other larger cleaning companies around Phoenix.
I hope great things happen to them because their business deserves to grow.

These guys were awesome.
We were moving out and needed the two bathrooms and kitchen well cleaned.
Jessica and her husband came in for 3 how and not only cleaned them, but all the tile areas in the house and vacuumed everything.
Well worth it.
Inexpensive and a job well done.
Im Deffinately having them over to the new place to give it a clean now and then!

