Kimberly is the goddess of feet!
If you think you have had a pedicure before, think again!
She does her Kimberly love to your tootsies.
Then finishes off with some Reflexology to cure what ails you!
I had the worst problem with an ingrown toe nail, to the point the foot Doctor was going to take my nail off!
Well a few efforts by Ms. Kimberly and not only didn't I lose the nail, but it look perfect now!
I can't recommend her high enough.
Please go and let Kimberly take you to foot heaven real soon!

I found Kimberly on Yelp.
I have had many pedicures from "small shopping mall spa's" and assumed that was what you get.
I was wrong, you definitely get what you pay for!!!
I took advantage of Kimberly's Yelp deal and scheduled directly through her.
She is amazing!
I am a runner and don't necessarily get pedicures for the cute polish as much as I do the foot massage.
Other than a ten minute massage by someone wearing rubber gloves... Kimberly is a certified reflexologist who spent about 30 minutes just on the massage!
My plantar fasciitis felt better and in turn so did my knees and hips.
She is such a lovely person just to sit and talk with and is so passionate about what she does!
I am so thankful to have found her!!!!
Give her a call!

Best pedicure ever!
Kimberly was absolutely amazing and super attentive.
I had an ingrown nail and she took that sucker right out.
Took her time and ensured that I wasn't ever in pain from that darn nail.
She is super sweet and I had great conversation with her.
And let me tell you about the massage!
WOW!!!
Best foot massage I've ever had.
She was so knowledgable too.
She was able to tell that I had stress/pain in my neck and shoulders and knew my stomach has been upset.
All through the foot reflexology.
She stayed past their closing time of 7pm to take care of me.
She booked me the same day I called.
I absolutely adore her and will be back to see her!
Need a spa pedicure with a great massage?
MUST see Kimberly.
She is a absolutely AMAZING!!!
And to top it all off, she gave me a thank you card as I left.
Never before have I had such an amazing experience!
Thank you Kimberly, you are awesome and I'm hooked!

As a med student, I am constantly under stress and my feet have been paying the price for it.
Being a new resident of Nevada, I searched for a place I could get a legit foot massage and a pretty pedicure.
I found Kim (thank goodness), after a lot of "hit and misses" elsewhere.
She's so good at what she does!
I feel like a new person after an hour with her!
I will definitely be back!

