For $10 in 2011 you get all you can eat from the finest the Biltmore area has to offer for a few hours in the parking lot of the National Bank of Arizona.
The food--what can I say?--was superb!
Everything from Ruth Chris to Mojo Yogurt was there.
Plenty of steaks were served there as that must be the "it" item in that area.
I was chomping them down so fast as I could go from booth to booth, and there were free food samplings in all the booths that lined the long walkway.
Fabulous food, too, and each one tasting better than the next.
This is an event that a friend told me about as she visited it last year.
Boy!
Am I ever glad she did.
Sooooooooooooooo worth a tiny $10 which goes to charity.
Good music and great food made me extremely happy....particularly since I could chow down on however much I wanted there just going from booth to booth.
It was heaven!
Really!!!!
My entire group had a blast tasting everything there was and sometimes together like ceviche and meatballs but, what the heck, it was fun and so darn delicious!
If you get a chance to attend this next year do so.
You won't be sorry one bit.
By the way, tons of people here come, so parking gets tight; but, they offer free valet parking if you are interested and get there early enough not to have to park on the street.
But, if you're really smart, you will come when it starts and avoid the crowd because it doooo get realllllllly crowded.
(You know, for all you Devoured fans that go annually to that food fest at the Phoenix Art Museum, this is like a mini-Devoured.
And just so good, too!

I went to The Taste of the Biltmore on Thursday, October 4, 2012.
I loved the ambience and the people watching but especially the food!
Lots of steak, mashed potatoes, gulf shrimp with aioli, clam chowder, mini burgers, cookies, wine, quesadillas.
But the best dessert was the salted caramel custard!
To die for!
So worth $25.
I will go back again next year.
Although I couldn't find parking in the lot, it only meant it was a popular ticket!
And another thing was sometimes I had to put a sample plate on top of my drink since they did not offer those special plates where you could hold a wine glass.
I sampled all stations within an hour.

I had a blast for $25.00 you can try unlimited samples  from some of the valleys best restaurants , like Mastros ,  Capital Grill , Fox Concepts, etc.
Next time ,  plan to bring some friends with me .

