Had a 12 oz ribeye for $14.95 and it was great.
Cooked perfectly.
I'm not generally a Dan of hotel restaurants but was impressed with thus on in the Hilton Garden Inn.
Friendly service too.

I was so excited to try this place out...and I will never go back again.
I had the butternut squash ravioli, which showed up looking and tasting like a tv dinner that was not fully cooked.
It was almost cold, and  the cream sauce was like water and had no flavor.
I would have rated this meal one star, but my boyfriend had the ribeye which was slightly better than my food.
He said he rated it a 3 out of 5 but he wouldn't go there again either.
The atmosphere was also strange.
There was only one other group of people there besides us, and the restaurant is right next to and somewhat open to the area where they perform weddings.
A wedding was just ending, and all the guests and wedding party were standing around in the restaurant area.
It was an awkward setup and the food left a LOT to be desired.
For what you get....way overpriced.
I've had better meals at Taco Bell, so this was a very disappointing experience.

Staff is very customer oriented, the food is good and the atmosphere is relaxing.

The restaurant "feels" like a hotel lobby.
Nice fireplace and all, but still just a little bit off.
The bartender was very loud and, in this big open space, it was hard to carry on a conversation over her noise.
Thankfully, she quieted down before I had to complain to the manager.
Our server (Stephanie) was excellent.
Very attentive and knowledgeable.
I probably should add, however, that for most of our meal we were the only customers.
I had the Chicken Tortilla Soup and the Bourbon Apple Pork Tenderloin with baked potato and green beans.
The soup was a little "different" but quite tasty.
The pork was excellent - tender without being mushy - and the sauce was outstanding.
Even the green beans and baked potato were perfect for me.
My wife had the Bacon 'N Brie Mashed and the Fiesta Garden Cobb salad - both of which were excellent.
Portion sizes are quite large - wanted to try the desert but didn't have the room.
My only disappointment was the very pedestrian choice of draft beer (well - that and the very loud bartender.
)    This was our first experience at the Great American Grill, but we will be back.
They also have a breakfast buffet for $9.95 which we will be trying soon.

