If I were just talking bagels here we'd be at a 5 star.
This place has some of the tastiest bagels I've come across here in the valley and they are all made fresh on premises using the old NY boil and bake.
The Bagel Man himself seems to be working as a jack of all trades up front serving customer and working the bakery.
I was pretty impressed that the selection of bagels included some classics like salt (my favorite) and pumpernickel rye along with some unusual recipes including walnut multi grain (will be trying this) and chocolate chip.
My gourmet lunch sandwich ingredients couldn't really improve upon the perfectly cooked salt bagel they were placed upon.
The sandwiches are piled with quality deli meats and cheeses and the 'gourmet list' included a choice of macaroni salad, chips or potato salad all for $5.50.
I tried the macaroni salad, which was the  and it was very okay, also heavy on the mayo and light on flavor.
I am pretty happy to have another friendly option for breakfast around the office and will back for more salt bagels as well as to try the lox soon.

No need to bring bagels home from NY!
These are chewy goodness.
Try the toasted everything bagel with veggie cream cheese.
Or the pumpernickel rye with a scallion schmear.
Salt bagels sell out early!

These bagels and the shop very New York.
It's about time...!

I wasn't sure what to expect when walking in, I didn't check reviews first because I always give bagel places a chance.
I'm from Ohio and miss the great Jewish NY-style deli's I had all around me, because there is a serious lack of them in Arizona.
However, Bagel Man has the best bagels in the valley.
They have great varieties and are incredibly delicious and last for longer than most you would get at Chompie's or some other fake deli.
The owner was awesome, he introduced himself and was doing everything well.
They serve Boar's Head meat which is the best if you ask me and they have some variety for being a small place.
I recommend this place to all for a nice little lunch or bringing bagels home or to the office.

I am from back east, these are HANDS DOWN the best bagels I have tasted in AZ.

The Bagel Man has the best everything bagels I have ever eaten.
I go there for lunch a couple times a week.
I enjoy the Boar's Head deli meats as well.
Cal is there every day and always greets me with a smile and knows exactly what I like.
Glad to see that since it has only been open a few months that he always has customers in there.
I love to see the community supporting the small businesses in the area.

Bagel Man, you rock!
I've visited this place two times now, and I have been very pleased each time.
The bagels are super authentic, the real deal.
Chewy, flavorful and totally fresh.
The Bagel Man himself has been behind the counter on both of my visits, and he's super friendly.
He bakes and boils the bagels himself and the quality shows.
On my first visit a few months ago, I ordered the Sexy sandwich on a pumpernickel bagel (my favorite!
), which if I recall, was a sandwich wiith turkey, havarti and roasted red peppers among other things.
I got a combo which included a drink and a side, I chose the plain Wise potato chips.
It was all tasty and fresh.
On my second visit, I just went with a toasted pumpernickel with cream cheese and an untoasted everything bagel to go.
I also noticed the big black and white cookies in the pastry case, so I had to throw one of those in as well.
The bagels were top notch as usual, and the black and white cookie was good too.
I'd never had one before but immediately thought of Seinfeld when I saw it.
These cookies are more akin to half of a whoopie pie (very cake-like) iced in simple vanilla and chocolate frostings.
I didn't ask if they were made in-house, but they may be.
My one and only gripe about the place is the ambiance.
It's in a strip mall so my expectations weren't that high but it would go a long way in increasing the inviting nature of the place if they had some music playing.
All in all, if you're looking for authentic, chewy bagels, look no further than the Bagel Man!

This place rocks!!
...especially if you're used to east coast bagels!
Where else can you get 2 bacon egg and cheese breakfast bagel sandwiches plus a large drink big enough for two and all for $9!!
Plus they use Boar's Head bacon there...so it's not that thin nasty bacon you find elsewhere.
Their everything bagels are the best in town.
I highly recommend this place and it's worth waiting if there's a line.
The owner and workers are all friendly, which makes for a good atmosphere.
My only complaint is that they need more tables ...maybe they should buy the sub shop next to them and expand.

I guess it is only fitting that I write a review for The Bagel Man as my husband just left to grab our breakfast there.
As others have said, these bagels are superb and the service is stellar.
The prices are very reasonable and the food is fresh.
No fru-fru coffee drinks here (just the basic cup, which is fine with me), the focus is on the bagels, and that is obvious.
Small little place and it can get busy, but it seems to go fast.
Get in line, order your food, maybe grab some coffee while you wait.
Pay when it is ready and either sit at one of the few tables inside or sit outside to enjoy the nice AZ weather.
Breakfast sandwiches, fresh made flavored cream cheese (I asked for jalapeno cream cheese and he made some for me on the spot, cream cheese + jalapenos), Boar's Head meat for the lunch sandwiches, and some home baked pastries (from someone else's home).
With all of the good stuff on the menu, my absolute favorite is the lox and cream cheese on an everything bagel with all the fixin's (tomato, onion, capers).
YUM!
I could go on, but my breakfast has arrived and it is time to eat!
Enjoy!

This guy's bagels are the best I've had in the area.
This local joint would put any chain and most of their competition to shame.
Definitely stop by if you are in Tempe/Ahwatukee area.
The bread literally melts in your mouth.

great bagels good crumb cake, but too much powdered sugar drowning out the crumbs friendly service the owner is from NJ Black and White cookies imported from Brooklyn

This place's bagels are just incredible.
They are fresh, chewy, and made on-site.
I had "The Sexy" which was awesome.
The owner rang me up and was incredibly friendly.
If you love authentic, fresh bagels, this is your place.

I've never been to this shop, but someone at my work brings these bagels in every Friday.. to Dunlap and Peoria.
They are awesome bagels!!!!
Very fresh, the absolutely best I've ever tasted anywhere.

Just stopped in for my first bagel from The Bagel Man...WOW!
I'm confident in saying this was the best bagel I've ever had.
I had the everything bagel, toasted, with their scallion cream cheese on the side.
First of all, they put toppings on both sides of the bagel, which is awesome!
No more debating which half of the bagel to eat first (I'm looking at you, Einsteins everything bagel!
) Second, the bagel was perfectly baked, slightly crunchy outside, moist and chewy inside.
And the scallion cream cheese was the icing in the delicious bagel cake.
I also spoke to the extremely friendly owner, and I'm so glad to hear that business is going well for him.
The only trouble with this place is it's very close to my office, and I'm afraid of all the money I'm going to be spending here!

The bagels are great here.
I usually end up getting a toasted wheat or sesame seed bagel with veggie cream cheese.
The owner said he visited AZ six years ago and couldn't get a good bagel so he made it his mission to open another bagel shop (his family has one in NJ).
I'm glad he did.
Good food, good prices, good place.

Probably one of the best experiences I have had in recent memory.
Not only were the bagels superb (I got the bacon, egg, & cheese on everything) but the service and friendliness of "Mr. Bagel" were top-notch.
If you like NY-style soft bagels, do yourself a favor and go here.
Wish this was in DC!!
I will DEFINITELY be back!

I've had friends ship bagels to me from New York and they were always better than anything I can get here in Phoenix.
The bagels here at Bagel Man are just as good as anything I've had from New York.
The service is good and friendly.
Prices are great.
Sandwiches are awesome.
My favorite is the Rich & Famous on a salt bagel.
Definitely worth the trip.

Love this place.
Just found it a couple weeks ago and now I am there a couple times a week for breakfast.
The food taste great, it is well priced, and the staff is very friendly.

Friendly staff & service (Jersey represent!).
I ordered the scrambled egg, smoked salmon, cream cheese, capers, red onions on a whole wheat toast.
My fiance ordered the chicken cutlet, mozzarella, roasted red peppers on a bagel.
Both were delicious and reasonably priced.
Can't wait to come back when I'm back in AZ!

Might need a 12 step program for this place!
Came for  lunch yesterday and brought the family back for breakfast,  everything was so good, took a few more and some cream cheese to go!
Can't wait to come back for the Rueben!
Exit 143B on the Parkway (it's a Jersey thing!

Try "The Boss" it is so nice on a warm summer day.
Fresh mozzarella with Roasted red pepper and olive oil.
Excellent sandwich!
Finally a great family owned bagel shop in the southeast valley!

Great Bagels!
Owner is real deal.
13 bagels for $10 great deal.

These people are from new jersey, like me, and are the only authentic bagel place in the valley.
They never overload their bagels with cream cheese and their price for lox and cream cheese is the lowest in town!
Even after being frozen these bagels still maintain a crunchy outside and soft inside.
They never taste dense or heavy, these are 1 of a kind.
It's a cozy small family operated place go and will not be disappointed!
Just listen to all the compliments you'll hear during EVERY visit.
YOu'll see why the Bagel Man is the man, OPEN EVERY DAY OF THE YEAR.

Good stuff!
Went there for lunch - bagels are chewy and delicious, the turkey sandwich I had was tasty with the herb mayo & roasted red peppers.
The owner was friendly and fun to chat with.
Will definitely go there again.

Do you miss NYC and the neighborhood Bagel shop...Well it moved to Phoenix.
Bagels are great with a crust/shell and soft insides, not just browned bread.
Excellent base for Spreads and Sandwiches  Want to support a local business, this seems to be a family run business.
Sandwiches are great  as are the cream cheese spreads, smooth and tasty.
But I think the best part is the owner, welcoming and friendly and he remembers you after you have only been there ONCE.
I think he is from Jersey so it must be Jersey hospitality,,,Great to be welcomed into his business every time you step through the door.
No need to tell you so support local business, go get the best NYC bagel in Phoenix.
Just  happens to be in Awatukee.

I live right down the street and my girls and I often ride our bikes down to the shop on Sunday mornings.
The bagels are made fresh everyday, I often would see the windows all fogged with steam as I made my way to work at 5 Am in the winter.
The kids love it.
I usually get an everything bagel with the veggie cream cheese that they make.
I actually have not branched out yet, but I will next time!
It is really great when the bagels have just came out hot and you don't even need to toast them.

Love the Bagel Man - although some of the kids he has making the sandwiches can be slooooooooooooow, the food is tasty and the bagels are the perfect amount of crusty outside and tender inside that makes me miss NYC some kinda bad.
My husband and the owner chat about New York every time he goes in there, reminding us that there's more to life than grab your food and go - this is a neighborhood joint and repeat visitors are remembered and appreciated.
Although we typically go there for bagels and bialys (they run out QUICK!
), the sandwiches are killer as well, particularly the Reuben.
The place is pretty small and in a nondescript shopping center on Elliott, so you'll probably want to grab your food and go.
Perfect for mornings when you want breakfast in a hurry and fast food joints aren't on the menu.

"The  Bagel Man" opened his shop a little over a year ago and I have always wanted to stop in and see what it is all about.
I do a lot of traveling and I always look forward to enjoying a fresh bagel whenever I get to the east coast.
Authentic New York Bagels are very hard to find on the west coast.
This morning I was out and about and decided to stop in and pick up some bagels to share.
The Bagel Man greeted me as soon as I walked in the door and cheerfully asked if I had been in before.
I smiled and said no.
As I was giving him my order.
I asked him if he made the bagels on the premises; he cheerfully said yes and I told him I was excited to give them a try.
He said that I would be back!
He told me how he prepared them and I told him that I realy enjoyed the bagles in New York; he said I would be happy I found the shop!
He was right!
The bagels are perfectly crispy on the outside and tender on the inside with wonderful flavor.
When I bite into one I can see the Statue of Liberty through the misty haze...  ...anyway The Bagel Man is highly recommened and you won't be disappionted!

Great service, great taste and perfect product...try a Bialy they are the best!

This place is yummy!
I had the everything bagel with jalepeno  cream cheese.
It was delicious and the owner is really cool too.
The only reason I gave this place 4 out of 5 stars is because it's my second favorite bagel shop in the valley.
Definitely the best on that side of town.
My favorite is all the way east kokobelli :)

I stopped by the shopping center the other day and I almost didn't go in because the business is somewhat nondescript.
I'm so glad that I did, I couldn't believe what I was eating.
I've just come back from NYC and I thought I wouldn't find that taste again until my next trip back.
I absolutely love his bagels.
Crusty on the outside and so soft and perfect on the inside.
I've been back three times in the last week and I am in love!
Kal is such a friendly guy and he is unguarded and warm, a real pleasure to talk with.
I've just moved to the valley and I am so glad there is an amazing bagel shop here.
Phoenix just got great!

Blueberry Bagel is fresh yummy bagel heaven.
Thanks Bagel man.

So delicious fresh bagels makes food right on the spot

This.
Place.
Was.
FILTHY.
Oh my gosh.
It looked like the aftermath of a food fight - bagel chunks and crumbs all over the floor.
I won't get started on the bathroom, it was so disgusting.
The owner, the Bagel Man himself, was too busy chatting with another employee to greet me or wait on me.
A nice lady from the kitchen had to come out and help.
Apparently though, nobody but the owner is allowed to handle the money so he finally broke off his conversation and rang up the sale.
I didn't like the way he treated the nice lady and I was troubled by the way she seemed overly deferential to him and almost frightened.
Bagels are okay but nothing special.
Would NOT go back!
If the customer are is that dirty, what can the kitchen be like??

This place is great.
I am not sure if this place reads Yelp reviews or what... but anything negative that was said about this place is not the case today.
The place was spotless.
very very clean.
The people behind the counter were incredibly friendly and attentive of the customers that came through the door.
I was immediately greeted upon entering (even when he was helping another customer) and after ordering, my food was promptly made.
The bagels were great.
Nice size.
Crispy on the outside, doughy in the middle.
Significantly larger than other bagel stores.
The lox were fresh.
The cream cheese you can tell is homemade.
Overall, this will be the place I get bagels from now on.
This east coast Jew has found a winner.
Thank you bagel man.

Oh the humanity of it all, that your located in Awatukee.
Let me start by saying that this bagel shop is clean; that being said there is no atmosphere but who is expecting atmosphere in a bagel shop.
The bagels are some of the best I've had in Phoenix and definitely worth the drive.
I found the owner (I'm guessing he was the bagel man) to be polite, client orientated, and knowledgeable.
If I didn't know any better I would say that the bagel man is from a small town somewhere, because memories of my childhood in the Midwest were reminiscent as we experienced all that was the bagels from the bagel man.
Mr. Bagel man all you need to do now is deliver bagels to my office in downtown phoenix and the world would be tolerable.

The best bagel place I've been to!
EVER

Have fun selecting your favorite flavors knowing that The Bagel Man makes bagels that are better than you will find elsewhere around town.
This makes all the difference.
I have had more fancy styles on the east coast, but I haven't had better bagels.
Try the olive spread.

Great bagels & bialys!
Stop by for a cup of perfect coffee, you won't be disappointed!

This is my favorite bagel place!
The bagels are soooooo damn delicious.
They are crispy on the outside and so chewy on the inside.
They are by far much larger than other bagels from anywhere else, like Einstein Bagels.
I usually need to eat 3 or 4 of Einstein Bagels to get full (and I'm a little 5'4 120lb girl), and just 1 or 2 of the Bagel Man's bagels are more than enough to fill me up.
The owner is so sweet and remembers you after you show up once.
He always asks how I've been and remembers details from last time, he is so friendly.
The second you walk in the door he will greet you.
As for what was said by that negative review below, that isn't true at all.
The place is clean and smells wonderfully of freshly baked bagels.
There are other workers who have rang me up before, and were very friendly with it.
The only thing I could find negative at all about this place was that its slightly warm inside, but that's just because they are baking bagels all day!
Every time I am in Phoenix I stop by and get some of their bagels!
They are great to eat after a morning workout.
Sometimes when I stop by at the end of the day, I get a couple free bagels with my order.
I would definitely recommend stopping by, and trying the egg bagel especially!

LOVE the "Sexy" sandwich.
Always nice people!
REally good bialy!

Unbelievable!!!
Cal (owner) is an amazingly gracious and friendly guy!!
He will know and remember you after your first visit.
These are far and away the BEST bagels I've ever eaten, ever!
Made completely from scratch ON SITE!!
You can see them being mixed, proofed, boiled and baked!!
Taste them fresh and hot straight from the kitchen!!
This place, the staff, the food feel like home!!
THE BEST!!!

I hopped on my Yelp app looking for a place nearby my work where I could grab a quick sandwich and I found the Sub Factory.
As I pulled into the parking spot, I noticed the Bagel Man right next door with a Boars Head sign in the window.
No contest.
I love Boars Head so I decided to go there instead.
From the outside, it doesn't look like much, it doesn't look like much from the inside either - small and no attention to the décor at all.
An incredibly friendly gentleman greeted me and he could immediately tell it was my first time there.
I told him I wanted a turkey sandwich with mozzarella and while trying to decide on what type of bread I wanted, he suggested I eat it on a bagel, he said that I can't find bagels like that anywhere else and promised me that this wouldn't be my last visit to his bagel shop.
I found him irresistible, it may have been the accent combined with the fact that I had just returned home from NYC where these little bagel shops owned by foreigners are in abundance.
Since it was late in the day, already past 2:00 by the time I was able to break away from work, the bagel options were slim so I settled on a salt bagel which I had never had before.
When I got back to my office and started eating my sandwich I realized that he was right, the bagel was delicious and he made a patron out of me.
I've been back four times and I get the same amazing service each time and I haven't veered from the salt bagel yet, it's so delicious.
When my dad wanted to meet me for breakfast we met here and he thought it was a great little bagel shop, too.
Next time there is a morning meeting at work, we're ordering from this place, forget Einstein's!

Seriously, if you're into bagels you MUST come here!
Consider it a sacred pilgrimage for all bagel lovers.
The actual "Bagel Man" is always available to greet and assist his loyal flock.
He makes bagels once each morning and when they are gone the shop closes, so get here early!
Just thinking about this place makes me want to camp outside until he opens again in the morning.
The bagels have a wonderful crisp outside with a sensual chewy inside.
I won't even compare them to other "wanna-be" bagel joints in the area because that would be downright disrespectful.
He makes a mean bagel sandwich and potato salad too!
I almost forgot to mention he makes his own cream cheese spreads too.
The store itself isn't full of frills, nor will you find a fancy lounge area because it's not about the shop, it's about the BAGELS!
Get them to-go!

The Bagel Man deserves all the rave reviews!
I was up early this morning wondering who was open at 5:30 a.m., and was also looking for a place I've never been and this joint fit the bill.
I had a honey wheat bagel toasted with the honey almond spread and it was delicious!
Warm and chewy and just what my belly needed that early in the morning.
The employees were fast and friendly too.
I've attached photos of their menu as of today.
This would be a perfect stop before a hike or bike ride on South Mountain.
And a great stop for lunch when you're done.
I can't wait to grab the unsuspecting Mr. M and go back.
The only reason I would ever go back to Einstein Bros. was if I was craving a cinn/sugar bagel.

Bagel Man's rudeness exceeds his lack of business sense.
When trying to buy 6 pumpernickel, 6 whole wheat, and some egg bagels, Bagel Man snapped "My bagels are expensive and you will be taking them away from my other customers.
"  What's that all about?
Isn't Bagel Man in the business to make and sell bagels?
When presenting a coupon to buy a dozen and get 3 free (which we've used many times) we were told that the coupon was counterfeit and he did not want to honor it, but did so with a growl of anger.
Another problem is the inconsistency of the bagels.
Sometimes they are dry and when cut, have air holes.
Sometimes they are uneven with rather large holes and misshapen.
Sometimes they have a crusty outside like they have been egg washed.
I've actually cut one and the whole outside crust fell off, leaving very little bagel left.
The place is dirty and tables and floor are speckled with crumbs.
Bagel Man should be baking enough bagels to satisfy all his customers, not scold them for ordering them.
We have given up on Bagel Man.

Really good and fresh bagels.
Nice people too.
Plan to sit outside- the inside is tight and functional only.
You will appreciate the good food, not the atmosphere.

Bagel Man's rudeness exceeds his lack of business sense.
When trying to buy 6 pumpernickel, 6 whole wheat, and some egg bagels, Bagel Man snapped "My bagels are expensive and you will be taking them away from my other customers.
"  What's that all about?
Isn't Bagel Man in the business to make and sell bagels?
When presenting a coupon to buy a dozen and get 3 free (which we've used many times) we were told that the coupon was counterfeit and he did not want to honor it, but did so with a growl of anger.
Another problem is the inconsistency of the bagels.
Sometimes they are dry and when cut, have air holes.
Sometimes they are uneven with rather large holes and misshapen.
Sometimes they have a crusty outside like they have been egg washed.
I've actually cut one and the whole outside crust fell off, leaving very little bagel left.
The place is dirty and tables and floor are speckled with crumbs.
Bagel Man should be baking enough bagels to satisfy all his customers, not scold them for ordering them.
We have given up on Bagel Man.

I don't normally try little places like this, but I'm so glad I did (thanks to the other reviews on here)!
It was a small little shop in a shopping plaza, with several two-person tables.
As I was waiting, several other obviously regular customers came in, and the owner automatically knew what each of them wanted.
Very friendly.
I got a bacon, egg, and cheese everything bagel, and my two small kids shared a blueberry bagel with cream cheese.
I tried a bite of theirs, and it was really good...the cream cheese was clearly handmade and delicious.
My bagel was also absolutely amazing.
They put plenty of each food on it, and good quality ingredients.
The bagel itself was delicious and a perfect texture.
Around $6 for the two bagels.
Any time we are in Phoenix again, we will definitely be going here.

I am from New York.
I was born in Brooklyn.
My first word was Bagel.
This place is fantastic.
The staff is super kind and attentive.
It would stack up against several places I love back home.
If you are on a road trip and need breakfast, stop here.

Best bagels outside new York or jersey.
Great job bagel man!!

Best Valerie bagels I've found in Arizona.
I'm from the east coast and these are as good as bagels back there

One of the best bagels and spread I've ever had.
The salmon spread had chunks of salmon in it and was delicious.
Coffee cake is excellent as well.
Coffee was ok, but the bagel made up for it.
I'll be back when I'm in Phoenix.

This place gets you in and out quick.
The bagels are very soft and they had many choices to choose from.
The prices were pretty good for what you get.
They wrap it in tin foil which is nice when getting to-go.
I ate my bagel sandwich 30 minutes later and it was still hot.
The Bagel Man is friendly.
I don't understand why are there so many haters.
Maybe people need to be more friendly and he will reciprocate.
The cook was very nice and accommodating.
I have to give this place a 5 star review based on my experience which was perfect.
I suggest giving it a try once at least.
Hopefully you catch the Bagel Man on a good day like I did apparently.

What an amazing bagel!
I had a ham, egg and cheese sandwich on a plain bagel and made "nom nom nom" sounds during every bite.
I will be coming here every time I am in the neighborhood.

Real bagels.
Not rolls shaped like bagels you usually get in Arizona.
I grew up in Detroit.
I missed bagels from back East .
Until the arrival of The Bagel Man.
The owner has an original shop back in Jersey.
That should say it all about authenticity.
If you want a real bagel, check this place out.
Never understood why people from the East love bagels?
One visit here will explain it.

food was ok

Best bagel I have ever had!
Highly recommended!

It's true.
These are the best bagels I've come across in Arizona.
The bagels had a delicate and flaky exterior with a soft interior.
I came across this gem when my friend, originally from Brooklyn, was adamantly searching for a bagel reminiscent of the ones he found in his hometown.
Cal, the owner, was genuine and remembered my friend and me just after one stop to his shop.
If looking for a place to buy quality bagels, there will not be many other stores rivaling The Bagel Man.

Quaint.
Clean.
And straight to the point.
The staff, including owner are very friendly.
Food, while limited in options, is perfect.
Will return soon!
I had the egg salad on the everything bagel, toasted.
It was an amazing experience.

best bagels in the valley, best in phoenix, best in AZ, best in the west, best outside NY and NJ!
in other words, i loved it!
came in yesterday just passing by (i was the brunette east coast girl).
loved the doughy-ness, nice plump bagels.
there seem to be a few different kinds of "real" NY bagels and these are one of them.
if you don't see me in here every day, it's only because i will get ADDICTED!
coffee was not perfect.
maybe i didn't get a fresh batch.

Most scrumptious bagel I've ever had.
I got a rich and famous sandwich on a salt bagel and it was excellent.
The "bagel man" is so nice and welcoming.
Macaroni salad is excellent.
All around great experience getting lunch here.

Best Bagels in the Valley!!!
Very authentic and delicious.
The owner, Cal, is so very kind, friendly and always happy.

I sent my son there to get me a cream cheese everything bagel and a plain blueberry bagel.
both were very yummy.
love bagels.
so many are not authentic.
this place is...

Just like Jersey bagels!
Love that I can get my old favorite, Salt Bagel with Veggie Cream cheese.
I took a star off for not having Light CC and the drink selections are pretty lame.

Sweet sassy molassey!
These are some gooooood bagels.
In fact, I think these are the best bagels I've ever had.
You have to try some.
They will change the way you look at breakfast breads forever!

Stopped by here on a whim.
Bagels and cream cheese are fantastic, staff are pleasant, will be coming here again.

Great bagels!
So fresh and chewy.... mmmm.....

Had to check out the place because of the reviews!
It didn't WOW me like I was expecting, but they did gain a customer for sure!!
The bagels were fresh and you had a multitude of choices.
A must try!
Will be going back to try their lunch options!
Side note...
The Owner and Staff were very nice and attentive!

He makes the bagles fresh daily in the true New York style.
I never thought I would find this when I returned to Phx from NYC.
The owner was friendly and committed to the quality of his product.
I shall return, again and again...

The ONLY bagels I have found that are like those back East in NYC... And I've lived all over the country.
Baked fresh daily and delicious.
PLUS...
He has salt bagels!
If you love bagels and you're in the Ahwatukee/Chandler area.
Then THIS is the place.

Super fluffy bagel with house-made scallion cream cheese,, lox, tomato, onion, and capers!
Yum!

I was born and raised in New York.
These are the best bagels I have ever had.
It feels like New York inside The Bagel Man.
I love it.

Delicious bagels!!!
This is an excellent stop right off the interstate!
Friendly and inviting staff!
Highly recommend!

I've had bagels around Az for the past 10 years.
This place is definitely the best, the owner has another location in New Jersey.
Great service and food!
Highly recommended.

Gonna make this one short and sweet.
Really like this place .
The bagels are awesome and always fresh .cant go wrong going to this place.
The owner is really cool and always greet me respectfully .

We've been here a handful of times now, and continue to fall in love every time.
The bagels are the best we've ever had, and are paired with amazing meats and cheeses.
I've never had a bagel in New York, but I'm hopeful that this is what everybody is talking about.
It's certainly what we're talking about!

worth a visit for housemade cream cheese alone.
best and cheapest lox n bagel sandwich I've had.

Delicious bagels, I got two of the sliced lox ones and I was talking to the owner.
He said I will love it and that I will come back again, he's right I will 100% be back .
It's hard to find bagel places that have lox in Arizona and I'm glad I found this place

How on earth are folks so excited about these bagels?
It's nice that they use Boar's Head meats, but the bagels are completely lacking in texture.
My bagel flattened out like it was made of air.
Where's the chew?
No thanks.
I really wish this were just some accident and that I had a bad batch, but I doubt it.
I'm baffled by the folks who compare these bagels to ones in the Northeast.

This place is spectacular.
I had an everything bagel with egg, bacon and American cheese.
Not too filling, reasonably priced.
I'll definitely be back here soon.

Love this place!
My husband and I came here for the first time this morning.
It was soooo good!
The bagels were fresh and the cream cheese was very tasty!
I got the sausage, egg, and cheese (with a side of jalapeno cream cheese) it was very good.
I just wished they had a complete list of all the types of cream cheese they have, maybe they do and I missed it.
The place is very small.
We were going to eat there but there was no place to sit and it was very hot in there.
But, I am not complaining.
I am just saying it was a small place.
They people there are very nice and friendly.
We will be going back for sure...soon.

The food here is amazing!
Love how they use good ingredients and make their bread the old traditional way.
Plus it's a private small business who I much rather support than some big corp.

Great bagels, great prices and great service... that's all that needs to be said... and I'm from NY.

Not impressed.
This was my first and last visit here.
From the moment I walked in was not good.
Two separate entrance people unsure of where to form the lines or where to order.
Ordered a lightly toasted chicken salad sandwich and got it home and found it burned (so much I couldn't eat it) with barely a bite of chicken in it.
Paid way to much.

This place is not like any other shop.
Hands down no comparison.
Everything here is made fresh.
Their bagels are big and doughy (kinda chewy how I like it).
Eggs are real!
(Not out of a carton or premade)   Bacon made to order.
I usually get the bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich.
Made perfect every time.
Plus it has a family feel to it.
Not a chain store, but a mom and pop shop.

I swoon for bagels, I adore them.
When the sweet scent of an everything bagel is in the air, my knees buckle.
I came to The Bagel Man for the first time I could barely hold my excitement as soon as I saw that rack of bagels.
I had to order an everything bagel with lox and cream cheese.
I knew I had to, like it was predestined.
The rest of that experience was like some sort of heroine high daze that left me craving more.
A life long addiction that I'm sure I'll never shake.

I stopped here bc of the pretty good yelp ratting.
Yelp reviews can be brutal.
Brought these to the office everyone loved them one said the best she ever had.
People that are complaining about the softness are correct.
They have a crisp outside and very soft inside.
I thought they were outstanding by far the best I had in the US for bagel or bread.
I moved here from Europe and I have had a hard time finding great bread this is really good.
Definitely worth giving a try.

Hands down the best bagel I have ever had!
The owner is enthusiastic and energetic!
I highly recommend it.

I love small little local shops like this one!!
All the staff was very friendly and asked us a couple times how everything was.
They had great variety and the bagels were being baked fresh as we waiting for our food.
I had the bagel with lox and cream cheese and it was amazing!

I had a breakfast sandwich with bagel and egg.
Wife had breakfast sandwich with bagel, egg and cheese.
Hers was much better.
Mine was okay, but the melted cheese really made the sandwich.
We also ordered a bagel to go.
Bagels were very tasty...  crispy on the outside and a little chewy on the inside.
Everything just tasted very fresh.
Would definitely eat here again, even though we live in Tucson.

This is my morning stop every weekday.
Best bagels in town, staff is incredibly friendly and the owner loves his business.
I am a regular and I can't imagine changing that habit anytime soon.
My personal favorite is the salted bagel preferably right out of their ovens.

I stumbled upon this lil gem this morning via my homey Yelp, and once again it steered me right!
These bagels are delicious!
The perfect consistency, density, chewiness, and they boil em!
The way they are supposed to be made...
Unlike that chain place out here in the desert :) it's a tiny lil shop in a strip mall and kind of hidden but seek it out and stop in!
Great prices and quality food.
Breakfast and lunch sandwiches as well as some pastries and fresh made cream cheese in house!
Only downfalls would be the size of the place and it was really hot in there.
Just get your food to go and the problem is solved :)

Great little place to get a coffee and bagel in the morning.
Owner is super friendly and has great customer service.
Will drive across town anytime to get one of his amazing bagels.
Love love love this place!

Now this is a real Bagel!
I love this spot...home grown NYC style, fresh, lots of cream cheese, no skimping here.
Owner is a cool guy and remembers you everytime.
Stop going to the chains and support the local man.
Regardless it's better then any other corporate joint...Trust me!

Awesome, awesome, awesome!
Great bagels and really awesome customer service.
Super friendly staff.
The one complaint I have is that the place is an oven.
Good god, I am surprised they haven't gotten heat stroke!
Thankfully I get my order to go, mostly!
Otherwise, you can't beat this place!

Awesome people, great variety will definitely return and recommend.
We walked in were greeted by the owner very nice man.

Frankly I thought they were awful, and I'm a bread eater.
I could barely eat half.
Now, I haven't completely given it the thumbs down because I only tried the bagel and the other stuff on the menu looks kind of good.
I will update if and IF I ever come back.
Now, as for the numerous people mentioning New Jersey.
These are supposed to be NY bagels.
Why is anyone mentioning Jersey.
Once and for all!
Jersey is not and never will be NYC.
And I don't know where the rest of you are from in NY.
Long Island perhaps?
Buffalo maybe?
Those are NOT NY bagels.
Again, as in the pizza.
Maybe its the water.

Very, very good.
This place could be a selling point when convincing New Yorkers to move to the Phoenix area.
This makes my top two bagel places, the other one being an older bagel shop in NYC.
I got a [fresh] everything bagel with lox spread, and it was a highlight of my day.
The staff were very courteous and attentive, and provided excellent service.
In sum, you can keep reading Yelp reviews, or you can go and experience it for yourself.
I suggest the latter.

Large selection of bagels early in the am.
We went here on a Saturday am because it is the earliest opening bagel shop in the Tuke.
Friendly customer service too along with prices that are a good value.
If you are an early riser, this is the place to go.

