I've been waiting for this China a Go Go to open for quite some time.
There was just something about the beef with broccoli I had tried from another location of theirs.
It was so flavorful.
I drove by for lunch today and was happy to see the grand opening sign.
I'm not sure if they have any actual grand opening specials, but I didn't care.
I wanted to verify if my previous beef with broccoli experience was just a fluke or if it was for real.
As expected, the dish is one of the lunch special choices available for $5.95.
I still don't know what it is about that beef with broccoli, but it was indeed damn flavorful!
Next time, I have to make sure to get all rice instead of half rice and half chow mein.
I need as much rice as possible in order to soak up all that delicious sauce.
I may even need to get white rice instead of fried.
Will I return?
How about this for an old quote... "You betcha!

My fave for chinese take out.
The food is fresh and tasty at low prices.

The food here is very good.
So far I have had the Broccoli Beef, and the Hot Garlic Chicken.
Both were very good, and the portions were enough to feed me twice.
Prices are also pretty good, with lunch specials around 6 bucks.
If you eat in, you get free soup as well.
Ive been here a few times now, and the food is always good, and always feeds me several times.
I could never eat the lunch special in one sitting.
Also, the prices are very cheap.
Overall I am pretty happy with this place and will certainly be going again and again.

Good Chinese food for cheap, what more can you ask for?
(the sesame chicken and walnut shrimp both rock)

Wow!
China Go Go does not splurge on their portions.
I felt like I ate half a family dinner.
Not a lunch special (served to 4 PM.).
China Go Go features two price ranges for lunch specials.
$5.95 and $6.25 for shrimp based entries.
Personally, I prefer the pepper steak, shrimp chop suey, and shrimp with lobster sauce.
This is the typical China Go Go experience.
Upon ordering from the menu, you pay.
If you are drinking a cola, you pick up a cup and serve your self at the cola fountain.
The server will deliver your food and plastic utensils.
If you are happy with your service, there is a tip jar at the counter.
The lunch special started with noodles and duck sauce.
I enjoy thick noodles.
Then, they served me the soup of the day: egg drop soup.
This has been the soup of the day at China Go Go everyday for the last three years.
My taste buds would enjoy something different, such as won ton or hot and sour soup.
Finally, they served my entree: shrimp chop suey with fried rice and chow mien.
The portion could feed two people.
The shrimps were giant.
No scrimping on quality here.
With all the broccoli and mushrooms, I felt like I was eating healthy, instead of pigging out.
The fried rice was your average fried rice.
I am not crazy over the chow mien.
It's like filler on what would be a great album.
In all honesty, I prefer Panda Express's Chow Mien.
As I said, China Go Go gives a lot for a lunch special.
However, large portions do not guarantee a five star review.
I would be a fan if they change their soup of the day or add won ton soup at a reasonable charge, and improve their chow mien, which is served with the meal.
I give China Go Go 3 1/2 stars, which is good.
Return factor: high.
I appreciated the customer service.
If the customer service is great on my next visit, I'll most likely become a fan and up my rating to 4 stars on an updated review.

We had delivery the other night and everything was great.
I especially love the honey walnut shrimp.

I enjoyed the food and the prices are really fair.
I've been disappointed in the kung pao though.
No matter how I order it I get it very spicy with Chinese red hot pepper and jalapeño peppers, first time I've noticed that in Chinese food.
I'll try again because everything else is so good.
I don't want to order it mild - I like a little spice.
On my last visit I had the pepper steak and bbq pork chow fun.
The steak was so tender and delicious that I saved the chow fun for lunch the next day.
Home run on that one!
Don't plan on coming here for a nice sit-down meal.
It's a plastic fork and paper plate place that could cut their floor space in half and just put in a drive thru.
Almost all the business is to go or for delivery.
Go somewhere else for ambiance, but this is the place for really good food at a really decent price.

I haven't been to any of the China a Go Go locations in a couple years, but we decided to go here last week for dinner.
We ordered Family Dinner A - $25.95 which came with 2 Egg Rolls and 2 Crab Rangoons, soup (Egg Flower), rice (BBQ pork fried rice), and two entrees (Orange Chicken & Beef Broccoli).
It was more than enough for two people.
In fact, it was enough for our dinner that night AND lunch the next day.
The food pretty much tasted like most of the other Chinese fast food joints.
My favorites were probably the BBQ Pork fried rice and Egg Flower soup; both very satisfying.
The staff were all very friendly and attentive.
We dined in, so they kept refilling our glasses and making sure we were doing alright.
This location definitely has much better service than a couple other China a Go Go locations I've been to.

Not as good as China a go go I usually go to but still ok. green valley location is the best!!!

This was my first visit to a China a Go Go location.
I have heard good things about this place by friends and have been excited to check it out.
I came here for lunch with a coworker.
We ordered some pot stickers and the eggplant and tofu entree.
Our food came with egg drop soup.
The portions were enormous.
The two of us were able to share the entree and still had about half left to take home as leftovers.
The food was prepared quickly and was extremely fresh for a fast food type of restaurant.
The prices are also fantastic.
I'll definitely be frequenting this location for lunch more often!

Great authentic Chinese food and  FAST

I didn't really like the texture of their eggplant, but their sauces are pretty tasty and they give you good portions.
For less than six bucks I got two good meals out of it.
I just wish they'd carry brown rice.

Fast Fast Fast.
Seriously, this food is ready for you in an amazingly fast amount of time.
I always find it comical that chinese take-out places tell you that your order will be ready in "ten minutes" regardless of what or how much you actually order.
China A GoGo really does have the order ready in ten minutes.
I timed it.
Aside from being fast, the food is really good and the portions really are large.
I've had the same item a few times and noticed that the flavor varies slightly.
Last time, my meal was a little heavy on the ginger.
Normally this would be a negative, but in this case it tells me that someone is using fresh ginger and actually adding it to the dish.
For how fast and cheap this place is, it's comforting to know that fresh ingredients are being used.
Unfortunately I haven't tried more than two or three items from the menu.
Yet.
I have definitely found my go-to Chinese take-out, so I'm sure I will sample the whole menu in no time at all.

Real good late night chinese food and on time deliverey service as well.
We ordered 3 entrees, Mongolian beef-very good and right spicy, kung pao chicken-good, and honey walnut shrimp-to die for.
Also, I said I had a coupon but didn't, they needed to actually have the coupon, since I didn't have a coupon,they gave us free wontons, which were really good.
Thanks!
I love this chinese spot and we will be ordering again.
Ps.
They said 45 mins and they were on time.

HOLY SPICY KUNG PAO CHICKEN!
whoah they aren't kidding when they say it's spicy!
Fast, affordable, and tasty.
Tons of food for the lunch portion, like I could've made 3 meals out of it.

I don't know what these people are smoking, but China a Go Go is your typical fast food chinese for a price decent chinese should cost!
I ordered the Beef and had a chunk the size of a hotdog in my to go order.
Plus I gagged at the fat content.
The sweet and sour shrimp is so so, but the coating is a little undercooked.
I would suggest trying a Chinese restaurant that has more than 15 reviews ;-)

I'll be honest, of all cuisines I'm probably the least versed in Chinese Food.
It's not that I don't like it, that's not the case at all, by my manly physique it can go without say that there are very few things I dislike.
I'm just not very adventurous in this avenue of dining.
There are the things I like and I'm not very open to swaying away from them.
So here's what I've had from China a Go Go - Sweet N Sour Chicken, Lettuce Wraps, Fried Race, pork stuffed Won Tons, General Tsao Chicken, Egg Drop Soup, and Honey Walnut Shrimp.
Well, now that I typed out that list I just realized that I might be more versed in Chinese dining than the above paragraph said.
Whoops...All of the listed items are outstanding.
The Honey Walnut Shrimp is absolutely amazing.
The shrimp are "UUUGE" and the sauce is the perfect amount of sweet.
The amount of food you get is amazing.
The Lettuce Wraps appetizer is enough to feed 4 hungry hippos.
Those two items are by far my favorites on the menu.
Here's the biggest thing, and not to stereotype, but I'm going to, I've found that service can sometimes be less than desirable at Chinese restaurants.
This place puts the stereotype to rest.
For a fast food-ish type restaurant they were very attentive when dining in.
Provided refills.
Checked on us numerous times.
When ordering to go we asked how many crispy won tons you get on the side because we had 4 people eating, they decided to throw in free pork won tons "to make sure everyone has enough food.
" Outstanding!

I swung by China A Go-Go today for the lunch special because I was in the mood for some cheap, Chinese food!
I ordered the lunch special ($5.95) with Spicy Garlic Chicken with came with Chow Mein and Fried Rice.
Apparently, if you eat in, you get a cup of the soup of the day, which is cool, but I took it out.
The food was alright, nothing to write home about, but not bad either!
The Spicy Garlic Chicken wasn't really spicy at all and struck me as being more sweet than anything else.
It was a minor thing, but I asked for no vegetables and there were TONS of veggies in the Chow Mein...perhaps it's pre-cooked that way and heated up.
In any case, I ate around the veggies :)  Really not a bad place for a cheap bite to eat!

I love this place.
I used to go to lunch here once a week but then our office moved :( The lunch menu is about $6 and you get 2 meals easy.
Cant beat $6 for lunch AND dinner.
Seems to be family owned and they take good care of you.
I made a quick phone call and my food was on the table before I got off the call.
If you eat in you get those crispy noodle things and soup too.
I'm sorry that I don't get to go here for lunch anymore but its just a few miles from my house so I still stop in occassionally on weekends to get dinner for take out.
Its one of the better C-A-G-G's I've been to.

a lot of food for a reasonable price.
always seem to get full without finishing the plate.
the workers are friendly and i always keep coming back for their lunch specials.

Fast Chinese food and you get a lot for your money!
Food is good.
But their pot stickers scared me way to big and texture was not on point!

Good beef chow fun and huge portions... Will definitely come back!

Thought I was back in NY City (minus the thick bullet proof screens and extra charge for more duck sauce).
This place has some of the best Chinese food around!!!!
The portions are HUGE and the food is great.
One thing you can really tell that a different cook made the dish from time to time one really likes ginger and one not so much.
Its an interesting twist to the same dish.
If you like a subtle change to the flavor of your dishes then its not a big deal but if you like it to be the same all the time then be aware it might not happen.
Overall great selection and good value for the money and it does not take a long time to get your food even if you have it delivered.
I'm hooked

For no-frills Chinese, I loved it.
The food was excellent!
Dining in?
Meh...paper plates, plastic utensils, but regardless the food is great and there's plenty of it!
The Pot Stickers were huge and I got 6 of them, that filled me up alone and they were good.
The chicken Fried rice, and General Tsao chicken was fantastic.
Even though I ate there, they served all my food in to go containers, so now I have dinner or lunch for several days left over.
Ambiance=0 Service=8 Food=9  It's my take out place from now on.

Looking for a great takeout place that delivers?
Check out this spot!
We live nearby and have received coupon flyers prior.
We finally decided to try and were super happy with our choice!
They have family dinner specials that easily feed 4-5 people or are enough leftovers for two meals for 2 people.
Check your mail for your coupon flyer, then call and enjoy!

Really GOOD Chinese food is so hard to find, even if you go to Chinatown, so being that this place was on Windmill in a strip mall, I was quite skeptical.
However, I had a horrible Chinese food craving after a weekend of too much alcohol and needed some grease to balance me out.
Since this is just down the street from my house, I decided to give a try and get delivery.
First off, you can place your order right online.
It's really convenient and easy.
Everyone knows how hard it is to order Chinese food on the phone sometimes because you can't understand each other!
I ordered pot-stickers $5.95, pork fried rice $5.95 and combination kung pao chicken $8.95.
The prices were SO REASONABLE!
My order was $24 with tax and delivery fee.
But I noticed that they have these family meal combos where you get soup, an appetizer, fried rice, white rice and 1 or 2 entrees for a set price that was under $25, or a personal combo package for $9.95.
The delivery took about 40 min, which is typical.
The best part is that the food is FREAKIN' AMAZE balls!
It's some of the best Chinese I've had in Vegas.
The ONLY thing that made me give this 4 stars were the pot stickers.
They were huge and the insides were yummy, but they were slightly undercooked so that the top part dough tasted not completely done.
If they had just been cooked more evenly, these would have been amazing.
As they were, I had to pick off all the dough and just eat the outside and the bottoms.
I'm excited that this place is so close by.
I will ALWAYS go here when I want some yummy Chinese.

Not too bad!
I live within walking distance from China a Go Go and have ordered from here several times.
Even though I usually order to go, the staff is still very friendly.
They have online ordering available so that's a bonus.
And orders are usually prepared pretty fast, within 10 minutes.
I've tried the Chicken Fried Rice and Pork Fried Rice ($5.95).
They are average...I prefer the chicken.
Both are a bit oily, but still good.
The Chicken Wings (8 for $6.25) are better, but a bit pricey for what they are.
They are delicious though!
One order of fried rice and chicken wings should be plenty for two people, or for one dinner and a midnight snack.
TIP: There is plenty of lettuce/garnish/peppers that come with the wings, kind of like a mini salad.
It's pretty flavorful and spicy, so I'd recommend saving it with the leftovers and add your own ramen or small bowl of rice.
Good for a small snack!
I've lived in this area for nearly 20 years and the same spot has changed ownership/businesses several times (the other businesses weren't that great).
I wouldn't mind if this particular business is here to stay.
If you live in the same zip code, I'd recommend trying this place at least once.

Restaurant is clean with casual ambience.
Food is ok.  Good for Groups  I love there Thai ice tea with BoBa , I order with less ice :).
Economical.
Two can easily fill there tummies for 25$ max with BoBa ofcourse.
I like there Chow Fun.
I did not like their chow mein though.
i found very few shrimp like 4 of them in their Chow fun maybe thats the asian way of saving money :)  Not the best chinese food out there but worth trying at least once.

My wife and I decided to order some Chinese takeout from here as we are visiting Las Vegas and staying just a couple of miles up the road.
We were astonished at the generous portions (the bag was super heavy as I carried our order of two entrees).
We thought the quality of the ingredients was of high quality and the portions were very generous.
I would definitely be a regular if I lived in the area.
I highly recommend the takeout from this location if you live in the area, are staying in the area, or just feel like having some tasty and well-priced Chinese.
They have great variety on their menu.

Before I explain my experience here at China A Go Go, let me tell you about what lead me here (I'm writing the review in the restaurant at this very moment).
At around 5:30, I ordered dinner at another close-by Chinese restaurant (check out my reviews to see which one) and at 6pm, I was throwing my order out because it was revolting.
I hopped onto Yelp to write a review and then read some reviews for other Chinese joints.
That's how I found China A Go Go and I'm not disappointed!
I don't typically order honey walnut shrimp, but I did this once after it received many good reviews on Yelp.
I also ordered crab rangoon, my personal favorite at almost all Chinese places.
My order total was around $19, which I guess is the going rate around here...
Anyway, they gave me wonton chips while I waited.
They were stale, but who cares?
I didn't come here for that.
Literally within ten minutes, I had both of my food items and they were pipping hot!
The crab rangoon pops in your mouth and their sweet & sour sauce is pretty good.
The honey walnut shrimp is a large helping of medium- large sized shrimp that don't taste like they were previously frozen and they are pretty thick.
The sauce, although still not my favorite, isn't too sweet and has somewhat of a tang.
I would order both again and will definitely recommend them to friends.
I am a little disappointed that they do not deliver to my address, but I understand!
I will definitely return!

Love this place,  best Chinese ive had.
The honey walnut shrimp is amazing!
Also you must try the sesame beef and the crab rangoon.

Pretty good Chinese food.
They make it when you order so it's fresh.
Will come back again.
The lady at the register was very nice.
You don't hear that very often from Chinese establishment.
Lol

This is my FAVORITE place to eat.
It's very close to my home.
The food & staff is fantastic.
I eat here at least once a week if not more.
I love their Thai boba tea and garlic shrimp with a crab wonton appetizer!
It is so amazing!
They really take care of their regulars too.
I would eat here everyday if it were possible.
It is definitely worth it.

Always been good food everytime I go.
Fast service nice people..prices are excellent...
It's a good meal ...rather then paying those high prices for poor food on the strip and prices..

I don't see how people could love anything about this place as I have ordered food from here twice and both times the food has tasted horrible.
The only thing I can say is decent on the menu is cream cheese rangoons and shrimp fried rice but those are hard to screw up.
I don't recommend this place to anyone as there are better options out there.

this is the first time I've eaten in, i will not be ordering delivery again if i can help it.
their lunch specialv is huge.
I've only eaten the soup and won tons....already full.
If you like boba don't come right at opening, its not ready yet.
that's the reason for 4 stars.
the combination kung pao is too spicy for me...the spiciest i've ever had.
they put the regular crushed red pepper and the long red peppers, but also add jalapeno.
next time i will order no jalapeno .
the lunch with large Thai tea was under 10 bux and more than enough for lunch and dinner.

When our dinner plans fell through, my wife and I were left looking for other options.
She wanted Mexican, so I started looking for a Chinese place nearby.
China A Go Go had good Yelp reviews, so I called in my order from the Mexican place she got her food.
My order of Sesame Chicken was ready in about 10 minutes, it was waiting for me when I got there.
The portions were pretty large and the chicken was cooked perfectly, not too crunchy and tasted excellent.
The fried rice was an extra $2.50, which may be normal, but I don't recall paying that much extra for it before.
At any rate, my experience here was excellent and I would definitely recommend it!

This is probably the best China take out in the area.
I love the mongolian beef.
It's spicy and so tasty!
The beef is sliced thin, and very wel cooked.
It's so tender.
The spring rolls are also great!
The prices are just right, the portions are truly enough.
I am glad that this venue at Windmill makes up for the others with the hygiene problems.
My fingers are crossed that this China a Go Go stay as great as it is!
Love it!

Great to go food when you don't have time to cook spicy though and consistency is a plus along with being convienent

I've been to about 3 china a go go's around town and I can definitely say that this location is one of the better ones.
It's next to the Von's on windmill and Bermuda, across the street from bachi burger.
I came with my husband during his lunch break because I was craving cheap Chinese lunch specials and this location was the closest.
We went in and the waitress was kind and told us to sit down anywhere.
I was quite impressed that they had booths and looked like a cute little restaurant since most other china a go go's look like only take out locations.
There was only one other table but within, no joke, about 10 minutes, the place got packed!
They bring you crispy wontons with sweet and sour sauce, and egg drop soup (only for dine in) as you wait for drinks.
I ordered the Mongolian beef lunch special for about $6, expecting something small and greasy, assuming you get what you paid for.
It comes out in to go boxes and that box was FILLED!
My husband and I looked at each other in shock at how much food they give.
We could already tell that we weren't gonna be able to finish it.
It comes with both chow mein and fried rice and the food was piping hot/fresh.
I love Chinese food and I grew up eating authentic Chinese food so if you're looking for that, this place isn't it.
But if you're looking for really decent quality Chinese food for dirt cheap, then this is definitely the place to go (especially this location, really clean).

Never been disappointed, their customer is good and the food is always consistent.
I'm not gonna lie....
I like Chinese food more than I should.
If you like chicken wings, try their wings here.

Good place for quick Chinese food.
A little better than your Panda take outs.
They give a lot of food for the price.
Beef Broccoli is always yummy don't care for the noodle that they make.
it is a little thicker than your chow mein noodles, and smaller than your upon noodles.
Boba drinks are alway bit with me, all the flavors are good with or with 9ut the Boba in it...

Great food at a good price and the big plus.....it's right around the corner from us....hoot hoot!!!
We will be back!!!

Been going here for years!!
Love their food.. Love that I can access the menu online and put in my order that way...

Great food and I couldn't believe how fast the delivery was.
Time quoted was 45-60 mins, received it in under 20 minutes.

A Great place to grab good Chinese food....
Try the Mongolian beef it's spicy but it hits the spot

First my 5 stars are based only on the food I ordered for pick up and the service.
When I moved here in November I was curious if I could find a Chinese food place that I loved as much as I did back in California.
I am not big on a lot of Chinese food but I love chicken fried rice.
This is usually how I rate a good Chinese place.
I am a picky eater so I have always ordered mine with no vegetables, rice, chicken, and egg only.
China A Go Go is on my way home from work so I thought I would give them a try.
I ordered on-line with the special instructions of no veggies and a pick up time of ASAP as I was leaving work in 5 minute and it is about a 5 minute drive away.
I was leery of the online ordering but it worked just fine.
I arrived at the place and my order was ready and best of all it was correct, No Veggies!!
The best part of all is it tasted exactly like the chicken fried rice I use to get at my favorite place in California.
I am a fan of this place and I see a lot more orders in the future.
The price was also reasonable.

Great food !
Service was iffy  but food preparation was quick only waited about six minutes seven minutes for five different entrées great can't argue with that

I needed a Chinese food fix and boy did I get it!!!
The place was nice and clean.
We ordered four plates... chicken phai tai, beef and broccoli, chicken chow mein, and we got a kids chicken teriyaki plate.
They all tasted good and the portions were absolutely huge!!!!
Did I mention the servings were huge!!!
This fed four of us and we still managed to take THREE to go boxes loaded with left overs!!!
We spent thirty five dollars for all this food plus two drinks!!

