A NO-SHOW ON MY WEDDING DAY!
The day before my wedding, I attempted to verify call time & location & didn't get a response.
It wasn't until 2 hrs before the ceremony I was FINALLY able to get a hold of Todd Wilson.
Apparently there was a "scheduling error" & he was out of state.
At first he was very unapologetic & didn't even offer a replacement (but eventually had one call me 30 mins too late because during that time, I had not choice but to find another photographer w/ such short notice & ended up paying 2x as much as intended for 8hrs instead of 10hrs & no professional set up photos).
I got my deposit back a month later (after a number of emails & phone calls) & now I'm forced to file a case against them for the overage I incurred (I've tried working the situation out with him, but he is no longer returning my emails & likely wishing I would just GO AWAY)

I thought it would be fun to do some engagement photos while we were on a vacation in Vegas since my fiance and I both love Las Vegas.
I did some research online and Bently & Wilson were highly recommended by the girls on The Knot.
I was looking for a photographer who could do a strip tour with us so that we could get some iconic shots.
I also wanted a digital copy of the pictures with the right to print my own copies.
Bently & Wilson fit the bill.
This was our first photo shoot, so we weren't sure what to expect.
Todd Wilson was our photographer and he gave us ideas of what to do for our shots.
When we got the DVD in the mail a few weeks later, I was a little disappointed as I looked through the shots.
Many of them looked very posed and unnatural (like a high school prom).
Perhaps this is more of an issue with the subjects than the photographer, but I feel like it is part of the photographer's job to help the subjects feel comfortable and natural.
There were also shots where one of our eyes were half closed, my hair was blowing in my face, etc.
We didn't have a particularly bad experience with B&W, but I wasn't that thrilled with the photos we got.
(This is from a photo shoot we did in 2009).

I am so in love with my wedding photos that I've become the girl who tries to show them to people in line at the grocery store :)  Todd is the main reason for that!!!
Todd shot with us for 8 hours on our wedding day, from getting ready to the strip tour (incl Fremont Street) to the formal pics before the wedding, to the wedding, to the formal pics after the wedding, to the reception.
Which is exhausting just typing it!
He was so great to be around the whole day, though.
We felt like rock stars with him shooting our every move!
But at the same time, he was never in the way you see some wedding photographers can be.
He also put up with my crazy family who decided to ignore my wishes with our shot list and just improvise (gotta love family).
Not only did he capture candid moments between my husband and I and us and our friends/family, but he also had fantastic ideas for the more posed shots, some of which are my absolute favorites and can't wait to put on canvas and hang up!!!
I also want to send a "shout out" to Dionne, Todd's assistant that day (our wedding was at night so he needed extra lighting stuff).
She is a great person and had the "honor" of calming down the bride more than once during the day.
She also took a few shots of the girls getting ready while Todd was taking shots of the guys and these are some of the sweetest photos of the wedding since they really bring back those last moments before the walk down the aisle.
I've always hated pictures of myself, but because of Todd, I want to do photo shoots all the time :)

Photography was a high priority for our wedding planning process because I knew we would have our photos for a lifetime.
I researched, interviewed and read tons of reviews on all of the top contenders for Las Vegas Photography.
I planned a destination wedding in Las Vegas but live in California so I didn't have the luxury of having a face to face meeting with my vendors.
We decided with Bently & Wilson Photography and it was one of the best decisions we made.
Todd was our photographer for 6 hours.
He captured amazing shots and our photos were flawless!
He was very easy going and really has a great eye for catching memorable moments.
Our package was very reasonable and we received hundreds of actual photos and a disc with all of the photos he took for the day.
This included all of our copyrights which was a big deal for us.
Todd knew all of the right places to take beautiful pictures during our photo tour and maximized the amount of time we had.
We received our photos in less than 2 weeks, which was also record breaking time in my book.
The compliments we have received from our photos have been countless and we can't thank Todd with Bently & Wilson Photography enough for your level of top notch service.
Mrs. Eulina Davis Wedding 7/28/2012 Destination Wedding in Las Vegas

We havent received our pictures back yet, but I wanted to post a quick review and update when we recieve.
We used Todd for our destination wedding photography.
We chose the 6 hour package that includes all rights to the pictures.
Uhmm.... that sounds like a good deal to me.
Todd was prompt and courteous.
I had quite a few inspiration pics on a pinterest board and he tried to duplicate as many as he could.
He is extremely laid back which was very important considering my fiance hates pictures.
Seriously.
He was just a pleasure to be around.
A lot of our guests commented on all of the imprompto shots he took.
Looking forward to seeing the finished product.

Absolutely awesome.
We hired todd for our November 13th wedding and he was great.
We had him for 6 hrs.
And he took over 1300 pictures.
He got a lot of great shots from the ceremony.
I don't even remember seeing him but he got all the shots.
Then he made sure to get pictures with all the important people before we left for our photo tour on the strip.
He knows all these amazing stops that I would have never knew about.
Then at the reception he got pictures of things I wouldnt think of but we were extremely happy when we received our photos.
He.also gives you all your photo rights so u can get prints of whatever you want at home.
He was very professional and great to work with.

