I've ordered take-out from this place four times.
The first two times were fine.
The second time they didn't make the order until I arrived and then it was totally wrong.
This morning I had a chance to observe the restaurant for a few minutes while waiting for my food and the management is poor.
The food is fine but I wouldn't expect much for service.

My husband and I went in for brunch last week.
In Wichita we used to go to The Good Egg, and I thought these two restaurants must be in the same family of franchises - they're very similar - but they're not.
The Egg and I is in the same family as The Egg I Am..point being, it's a chain, so you can get this delicious food even outside of Madison!
Hooray!!
From the minute we walked in the door, service was attentive - the hostess, our waitress and the manager who came by to clear our plates.
The food was egg-scellent (I sincerely apologize for that pun!!
) I had a Parisian Benedict - eggs poached atop a croissant with mushrooms and Hollandaise.
( I believe it comes with ham but I got mine without.
) My husband got the Veggie Benedict and loved it.
Both dished come with "ranch potatoes" - I don't like this potato side so can't really rate it but my husband declared it "good.
" I also ordered a bowl of fresh fruit and it was the first time I've ordered this anywhere and had the fruit actually be fresh!!
Strawberries, blueberries, cantaloupe, honeydew and pineapple.
Delicious.
We were there at 11am on a Tuesday, and were not the only table there, but it certainly wasn't during the rush.
I can't speak to their operation during their rush times, but will note that I've seen restaurants fall apart a bit in the down time.
Not at the Egg and I - service was great, food was fantastic and the music was awesome!

This place is pretty good.
I'm glad they came to Madison because we need some good breakfast places.
First time here so I can only speak to one dish.
The M.B.A. Frittata 8.79 Portabella mushrooms, bacon and asparagus, topped with creamy Havarti dill cheese, diced tomatoes and Parmesan cheese.
I picked this to try to get an idea of how they made their egg dishes.
This was very good.
Perfectly cooked.
Portion was of average size.
English muffin was a little bland.
I have had better and I have had worse.
My food took a while to arrive and they didn't appear busy at all.
I would say it took about 10-15 minutes, so not terrible.
The service was pleasant and friendly.
The menu has a lot of variety and easy to read.
Everything was very clean.
I was pleased but wasn't "wowed".
Returned recently and had a very good omelet and it was of good proportion and hot.
Wife had Eggs Benedict and it was really tasty but it was lukewarm.
Stronger coffee would  be nice.
Bathrooms were very clean.

Breakfast offerings here are plentiful and delicious.
I had the fresh spinach, bacon, and mushroom omelette that was outstanding.
My friend had raspberry and granola pancake that she raved about.
Potatoes were a touch too salty.
Will definitely visit here again.

Love trying new places and we have been to this restaurant in a few other cities when traveling.
It's an open type feel which isn't too warming.
Our food has been pretty good.
Omelets and frittatas.
The veggies were fresh.
Sometimes the service is a little mixed up.
Order the flavored coffee.
We would recommend it, but timing on weekends is essential.
Our wait would have been 20 minutes had we stayed last weekend.
We chose to go to the Original Pancake House instead!

After reading these reviews I was a bit scared to go but once I sat down and our food came I knew we made the right choice.
I had the apple cinnamon pancake which was phenomenal and my friend had the ham and cheese omlette which was just as good as any omlette.
I highly recommend this place to anyone in the area and I would definitely go back!

Husband and I ate here for breakfast recently as it was close to an errand we had to run.
Decent food.
Nothing to be wowed at.
Won't go out of my way to eat there when I live so close to other tastier places.
But if I find myself in this area while running errands again, I might eat there.
I got the veggie benedict which was pretty good.
One egg was perfectly poached, the other one was over-cooked.
The hollandaise was tasty and the veggies were nice - mushrooms, artichokes, tomato, spinach.
Fried potatoes were just so so.
Husband ordered a gigantic blueberry pancake that looked delicious.
I didn't taste it myself as by the time I realized I wanted a bite he'd eaten all of it.
The pancake had to have been 14 inches in diameter.
I did like that when I ordered a coke, they brought me my glass filled with coke and a carafe.

We have been about 4 times and have never had an experience like some others on here who rated it a 1!
Almost everything we have ordered has been above average.
My Huvavo ranchera was perfect (maybe as a result of listening to the other commenter on this board).
On all 4 visits the service has been fast and friendly.
Definitely one of our favorite spots for breakfast.

"Ah, excuse me, ma'am....is there anything on this menu that doesn't have eggs of some kind?
"  "Why would you come to a place called the 'Egg and I' and expect anything different?
"  That's the conversation I had in my head, anyway.
They seriously know their eggs here, and virtually every dish has some form of egg in the dish or as a side.
The skillets.
Oh my.
I had the Green Chili Chicken Hash Skillet, and I gotta say it was pretty intense.
It's a rarity that my mouth is on fire over the heat of a spicy breakfast, but the green chilis put me there.
I didn't eat until dinnertime...it was that filling.
My wife had the standard biscuits and gravy, which did not disappoint.
She did admit there was a bit too much pepper in them for her taste.
Passable coffee is a necessity at any breakfast establishment, and the Egg and I delivers well above that.
But keep in mind that while I give them credit for offering a couple different flavors of coffee, the hazelnut coffee was disappointing in that it was pretty over-the-top on the hazelnut flavor.
Stick with the standard octane and you'll be a caffeine-happy person for the day.
Overall, it's a great choice for a breakfast destination.
You'll leave stuff, caffeinated, and a believer that eggs truly are a great addition to breakfast.

Love, love, love.
Every time I walk in, I know I will have a great meal!
Here is a warning: only order one meal.
Some people go in and order a meal and extra sides, but at the Egg and I this is completely unnecessary.
They give you more than enough food, sometimes too much food.
I have tried many thing on their menu.
I am a fan of their breakfast croissant sandwich.
Delicious and so warm.
Their omelettes are generously filled.
If you like potatoes AND omelettes, get the skillet.
Best of both worlds.
The service is wonderful.
The coffee is delicious, just their plain bottomless cup of coffee.
Definitely nice to find a place where their everyday coffee is as good as a gourmet shop.
Expect a wait, this place is pretty popular.
It is only open for breakfast and lunch.
While you wait, they have complimentary coffee for their patrons.
They also provide for take-out for those of you who do not want to get out of your PJs on sunday mornings.
Negative?
It is very popular for families.
And while they have a separate room, they do not separate families with children from everyone else.
I am not asking for discriminatory practices but there is no reason to have crying babies AND children who can not act appropriately with adults who are looking to have a nice breakfast.
Meet the needs of all of your patrons, please.

I really like this restaurant.
The man and I have been coming here almost every weekend for a while now and we both agree that it's I've of the better breakfast places in the city.
They have a very expansive menu.
It is also easy to opt for healthy and gluten free choices which I love.
All the pancakes are whole wheat and delicious and not in that delicious for whole wheat way but more in that delicious cause they're delicious way.
I've tried many things on the many and am yet to be disappointed.
I also like the location.
It's not in some old building swarming with people who look like they've been coming here for 75 years.
Instead it's contemporary and comfortable, another attractive thing about this place versus all the other places in Madison.

I loved it!!!
I was really surprised...
The portions are huge and tasted amazing.
I can't eat eggs (I know - what am I doing there right??
) but I can eat pancakes, waffles...
I thought this would be another breakfast out eating the same thing BUT, they serve lunch for breakfast too - yay for me!!
I had an awesome spinach salad with chicken, apple, cranberries, walnuts...  Breakfast salad : )  It was perfect.
My boyfriend had a skillet/scrambler thing and he said it was awesome.
Nice pieces of veggies, good amount of meat...  Service was wonderful!
(Don't miss this just because it's a chain!!

Yep, this place has your standard breakfast fare.
I had the huevos rancheros (so-so) and a bit of the veggie omelette (pretty "standard issue"-- not bad).
I wouldn't say there's anything to write home about here.

Topical chain restaurant ... Food was not good at all

The Egg & I is a Johnny-Come-Lately, New-Kid-in-Town version of Denny's or Perkins.
I get their MO: Serve up the same kind of stuff and dress it up with a cute name to draw the upscale brunch crowd.
Voila, it works masterfully -- you get a crowded place with a long wait for service and if you're really unlucky, like us, an even more Egg-&-I-zingly long wait for your food.
My family and I sat for 1 hour, 47 minutes waiting for our order.
Kid you not.
I know this because I received a text message just before placing our order and the time stamp never lies.
The waiter and manager compensated us not with a free entree or a comped check, but with one free cinnamon roll to split among the four of us and free refills of nasty diner coffee while we waited.
Gracious.
Since it pains me to write reviews like this, I will say the food was OK when we finally got it.
Then again, after waiting almost 2 hours, we devoured it like the pack of hangry wolves we were.
The eggs could have been rotten and we'd have been none the wiser but honestly, and to be fair, everything tasted A-OK.

I might have had the best omelet ever!
The bacon, mushroom, spinach, Swiss without the hollandaise, was wonderful!
The seasoned potatoes are great too.
Glad I didn't listen to the other poor reviews!

Will not return.
Food was salty and smelled like a greasy pan ;( will not be returning.

The food is consistently good and there is rarely a long wait.
The prices are less than other Madison breakfast options and they pride themselves on the quality of what they serve.
There is plenty of parking and seating for large groups.
Only downfall is they don't serve Blood Mary's, but their crispy bacon makes up for it!

evrything was great but somehow didnt like the seeting , noisy old style dinner in nowdays breakfast service, dont know

I've had a few good experiences here, but after a terrible one this morning I may not be back.
My food came out wrong and had to be remade while my friends ate.
A friend ordered a side that didn't come out until he'd reminded the waiter twice after the rest of the food came out.
We got charged for two extra items we did not order.
We approached the cashier to pay individually and tried to tell him one at a time what each of us had, and he clearly was not understanding what we were asking.
The food is solid, but today's experience was far overshadowed by the blunders.

I LOVE the food here and LOVE the service.
One of my absolute favorite places for a great omelette - and I am picky about my breakfast!
Prices are reasonable.
All the staff are friendly and efficient.
I've had Bethany as a server several times and she is always a delight!
Highly recommend spinach & mushroom omelette!

Our waitress Cecilio was very cheerful and accommodating.
We had our coffee right away.
I liked that I could get egg whites, and substitute fruit for the potatoes.
The meeting room was adjustable for our needs.

Maybe we came in on a bad day but given their name I expected them to know how to cook their eggs.
They hard boiled my soft boiled eggs,  the over easy eggs came out with a hard yolk twice (after we sent it back).
The other fare is up to par with Denny's, but don't expect anything special

