This office preys on patients it obtains from the hospital.
My husband broke his hand, was admitted to the ER and Dr. Schaub performed surgery on his hand the next day.
THIS OFFICE DOES NOT ACCEPT INSURANCE.
Following the initial surgery, I contacted 6 doctors in-network and no one would conduct the follow up care, so we were forced to continue with Dr. Schaub.
The  billing practices are egregious.
After your first follow up appointment, you are taken by two people into a small room and told you MUST sign all of these billing contracts - DO NOT SIGN THEM.
I'm an attorney and so my husband told them I had to review them before he would sign them (that and his writing hand was the one that was broken).
The office has you sign these forms so that they can charge you fees in excess of the "usual and customary" fees.
My husband had two rods in his hand that needed to be removed and we were told that unless we paid the excess charges for the surgery to remove the rods, they would not perform the surgery...mind you, no other doctor will remove the pins, so we are stuck.
I've filed a complaint with the AZ Medical Board re the billing practices (which violate ARS 33-1401(w)), the AG's office for extortion and consumer fraud, and I've written a letter to the hospital (Chandler Regional) to let them know how the doctor obtains his patients and abuses his privileges at the hospital.
STAY AWAY!
IF YOUR ARE AT THE ER, GET A DIFFERENT DOCTOR!!!!

They do not participate with your insurance, they do not tell you prior to surgery and only tell you AFTER your first follow up visit!
I made sure to go to a hospital emergency room in network and I still owe over $2k (even though insurance paid over $8k)  And then any visit for follow up can be a 2 hour or more wait and like the others is mostly done by a PA who does very little.
They look at it, cover it and send you on your way.
I never sat in the waiting room less than 1 1/2 hours each visit.
You feel like a number and a dollar sign and follow was terrible.
I did two follow up visits and then removed my own stitches (as I think I could do it as well and save myself a 2 hour wait!!

I was seen on an emergency basis in the hospital, as an out of network provider.
Although the surgery was reasonable (not a great cosmetic result) I had TERRIBLE follow up care, administered by three different PAs, giving me the wrong advice and making a bad resting splint.
(Had to pay again to have it remade in the State of Washington.
)  And then there was the bill.
I was billed $9800 for a procedure for which a senior hand surgeon in the State of Washington accepts $1600.
I had a TERRIBLE time dealing with their office and have the reems of correspondence to prove it.
I would avoid this office if at all possible.

A 20 minute hand procedure cost me $7,000.
Enough said.

I waited an hour and a half for a simple follow up appointment.
I was treated like a number and the women at the front desk walked away from me mid sentence.
Clearly this office is a money making scam.
If you can find a office closer I strongly suggest you go there.
Not to mention the inmates that get brought in 30 minutes after me and leave before me.
Absolutely disgusted with this place!

I had a great experience at ACHS.
After having injured myself hiking I went to a local ER and had stitches placed.
My wound became infected and I was concerned.
I scheduled an appointment and was seen quickly.
The staff was friendly and I had minimal wait time.
Dr Yang and his staff were great and my infection cleared quickly.
I am grateful I chose to go to ACHS.

Here is how they operate on the Emergency Room side of the scam.
They prey on victims of accidents in the emergency rooms.
SHAME on the Hospitals who allow this scam to go on and Shame on the Doctors who work for this group!
You certainly failed the ethics portion of your medical school training!!
See where greed has taken you!
When you go to a Hospital emergency room in which you know accepts your insurance you have a reasonable expectation that the Hospital will use providers under your plan.
WRONG!!!
This Hand surgeon group has to be the worst of the bunch who do not accept your insurance.
I am willing to bet this Center is the biggest scam going on in the state of AZ!
They operate with no ethics or compassion for the patient!
Their bottom line is collecting cash $$$$$$$$ and as as much of it as they possibly can get by any means necessary!
Let me give you my short version experience.
I won't mention Doctors names cause they may be getting scammed by this group to perform services for them.
Dr X comes in the trauma room and introduces himself.
Bam!
$336 dollars billed for the intro!
DR. X never mentions he does not accept your insurance nor does he disclose the financial practices of the Hand surgery center scammers.
You think all is well and you'll be covered by your medical insurance.
WRONG WRONG WRONG!!!
When all is said and done they want you to go to a follow up visit to further bind you financially by making you sign paperwork obligating you to pay plus another 10% should it go to collections.
If you don't sign, they won't treat you further!!
Bottom line a $20,000 (two hour treatment) bill from these scammers!!
I took the bill they sent to another Surgeon whom I know and does these same procedures in their practice.
He said he would have billed no more than $5,000 for the exact same billing codes and would not have charged a $336 office visit at the emergency room nor use a PA which also billed the exact same codes as Dr. X!.
Please if your a victim of this type of scam take the time to write and complain to the Hospital's Administration that allows these types of abuses to innocent accident victims.
Write your lawmakers and let them know if the hospitals continue to allow scammers like this to operate, make it mandatory that they disclose their financial practices prior to treatment!
We can stop this abuse if we work together!
There are cases online where these scammers have forced people into Bankruptcy because of the inflated bills they create.
For the sake of future emergency room victims PLEASE help put a stop to this abuse!

Similar experience, went to in-network hospital, and then these out of network surgeon performed emergency operation.
Worked with them to dispute payment with insurance company, which insurance refused to adjust since the rate was beyond what they considered market rate.
In essence they have you over a barrel, as they do not provide costs before they operate, and can charge what ever they feel.

Required emergency hand surgery after my right hand became infected post a dog bite.
Was admitted to good Samaritan hospital which assured me that their doctors are all in network.
After surgery on my hand by Arizona Center for hand surgery, Blue Cross Blue Shield paid the reasonable and customary amount due for such a procedure to the doctor.
Within weeks I received a bill for an additional $5000.
Arizona Center for hand surgery stated they were out of network.
This was an emergency situation and I was assured these doctors were in network.
I have battled with them for over two years and the case is still not settled.
Avoid having any doctors from the Arizona Center for hand surgery perform procedures.
They do not accept health insurance guidelines regarding the reasonable and customary cost for such procedures.
In fact, they do not accept health insurances at all!
Beware of Arizona Center for hand surgery!

