We went for a look in Eastside Bikes because they always have lovely retro frames in the window.
Inside, it's more of a mix - I imagine most of their business comes from bike repairs and cheaper bikes, but they did have a range of nice older frames for sale.
Friendly, helpful staff, too.

Just bought a bike from here today!
Guys were helpful, knowledgeable and super duper friendly.
They let me take the bike for a test ride (they'll ask you to leave ID, I left my entire handbag!)..
they gave me loads of time to look over the bike, ask lots of questions and mull over my decision, there was no hard sell at all.
Not a HUGE selection of bikes but a good range, well worth a look see if you're in the market.
Seem to have very reasonable prices for bike services/tune ups as well.
They've also moved a bit further down the road to 1 Cadzow Place.

They fixed my bike fast and cheaply - also seemed to have some good deals on commuting bikes.
Recommended.

So, at the end of last month, I noticed that the slight 'click' on my bike when I bought it, was getting louder and happening more often... so I stopped by and had the guys check it out.
They were busy that day so I made an appointment to drop my bike round later in the week.
My bike was at the shop around 5 hours and came back good as new!
They'd put new bearings in (whatever that means!
) which they said should last the life of the bike... and all for the wallet friendly price of FREE!
They had said when I bought the bike from them, that if any issues came up I could always take it back for them to look at.
(Doesn't include punctures, of course).
But I just wanted to say, they've been good as their word and nothing beats FANTASTIC customer service!!
The guys are also super knowledgeable about lots of bikey things...
I've gone in to ask about getting baskets, panniers and the mister's been in to get splash guards.. they have always been really helpful but never ever pushy if you don't end up buying.

I can't recommend Eastside Bikes highly enough!
They've done a brilliant job on my iZip.
Repair was done in the stated timescale, the faulty part was repaired rather than replaced which I was delighted by, not to mention saving me money!
Andrew was very thorough explaining every thing that had been done.
He obviously takes pride in his work and deservedly so.
Thanks again to the guys at Eastside.
I'll be back!

These guys are The Best.
Really.
Bought two great used bikes in excellent working order for myself and my 12-year-old.
Added in a few things like lights and a kickstand, installed for free while we waited.
The bikes have a three month warranty and they will always be happy to advise us on what sort of equipment would work best.
Great attention to detail.
Great service and reasonable prices.
Strong recommend.

