Great little place.
Drinks are a little pricey, but the bartenders are really fun to watch and the atmosphere is really great.
We had alot of fun there.

Great little bar inside the new Margaritaville casino at the Flamingo.
Bartenders are cooler than your average drink slinger, mixing in some flair with lots of humor.
We had a good time just hanging out and enjoying frozen concoctions.

5 O'Clock Somewhere in Vegas is a must see, the bartenders are a blast to watch and strive to put on a show.
Drinks are very good and made with style; if you have not seen a waterfall created your missing a real treat.
Rock on Vlad, Sushi and Billy.
From the "Green Mts.
" thanks.

only ordered their headliner cocktail (the 5 O'Clock Somewhere drink) on the go as I strolled the strip.
Bartender put on a show making it and it tasted good (nothing spectacular) but I felt no way worth the high price.

Such a great and fun environment for anyone who's on the Vegas strip!
The bartenders are so entertaining and even though the bar gets pretty crowded, they are able to manage the crowd & tend to everyone.
Every staff person is awesome!!
Such a good time here!

Jimmy Buffet music...friendly bartenders ready to give you a cocktailesque show and drink concoctions that magically transport you from the noisy, crowded strip to some sandy beach with crystal clear turquoise waters reminiscent of the Caribbean.
Who wouldn't love this bar?
This is has become one of the favs of the combo each trip to Vegas.
Some recommendations?
Hurricane and Incommunicado.
You're welcome.

Nice little bar we stopped at our last day in Vegas.
Great Margarita's, Talented  Bartender's and very wheelchair friendly set up!
Wish we would've found this bar earlier on our vacation.
It was one of the few highlights of staying at the Flamingo.

Love this place I always hang out here when I'm in Vegas

Great drinks.
Nice place to sit and people watch lol you get more for your money.

Great bar... We went there after checking out the Corner Bar so things could only go up from there really!
5 O'clock is cool.
It's got a great atmosphere, the bartenders were really nice and they have seating outside overlooking the strip as well so perfect for hanging out over drinks.
We had a great time there..
It's worth checking out..

5 O'clock Somewhere Las Vegas Strip, NV 4pm Monday 5th August 2013 Four Stars  It was Sara's First trip to Vegas on 100+ degree day which meant we needed a ridiculous 45 ounce souvenir cup complete with flashing Las Vegas Sign filled with Hurricane Mix for $36.75.
The bartender Phillip did some flare tricks which was great for a Monday afternoon.

Great bar!
Open late, cool vibe and delicious drinks!
Went there at 2am and it just happened to be happy hour so the drinks were $5!
My drink was nice and strong and the bar tender did all sorts of cool flare tricks like throwing and catching bottles!
Definitely a fun place to check out in Vegas!

Went here over this past weekend, and found the price for drinks were less than other places nearby.
Also, there is a place to sit outside on the strip and people watch.
Never a dull moment in Vegas.

My friend and I stayed at the Flamingo; after walking around we went to this bar around 3am and found out it was happy hour!
I don't remember exactly what the prices were, but we got some very cheap margaritas and domestic beer.
Pretty standard drinks... nothing fancy but will get the job done.
The small bar is adjacent to the outdoor patio on the strip as well as the casino inside, which was pretty cool.
Our bartender was pretty funny, kind of a little too flirty with us but I guess its all part of the fun haha.
We got to meet some fun people who didn't want to end the night as well.
Overall, a cool casual bar at the Flamingo with a pretty good late late night happy hour.

The drinks were expensive - should have watched the fancy pouring job straight out of cocktail better.
You pay for the name.
We did found seats outside and that was worth the price - great people watching!
And always great music....

I really liked this bar.
Came here on a quiet Saturday.
The bartender was engaging and even did flair tricks for my vanilla stoli & soda.
Average price for a drink in Vegas.
It was a nice place to sit and chat.
Not sure if it's always this quite, but it was a nice change of pace.

Wow, no matter where we ended up in Vegas we somehow ended up here.
The perfect margarita is truly that!
Ask for Kevin, he knows how to get you drunk.

We get our first and this year second drink here on our yearly trip to Las Vegas.
Order up an incommunicado, grab a seat on the bar overlooking the side walk and people watch.
You are inches from the pedestrians on the strip.

When the temperature is still hovering in the 90s when you arrive in Vegas after midnight, a refreshing, cold drink is more than welcome, especially at a decent place like this.
I didn't feel like venturing too far from my hotel, but was glad I walked the couple of blocks down to here within the Margaritaville Casino.
First off, the bartender definitely had the "wow" flair factor going with his precise bottle spinning and cup tossing.
Normally I would find that a bit cheesy, but I have to admit, he was accurate, impressive and personable.
I ordered their signature, yet strong 5 O'Clock Somewhere boat drink (151 rum), which definitely countered the fatigue and jet lag of getting into town from the East Coast.
I also tried the "Zombie," another fruity and strong concoction that was also delicious.
Of course they were not cheap, but then again, nothing is in this town.
Overall, not too shabby for my first stop along the Strip.
3.5 Stars.

