Last night, after eyeing this place for the last couple of weeks, I decided to stop by and give it a try.
They were turning their "Open" lights off already, but I made my best effort, with my big puppy-eyes, and asked if they could still prepare a "raspado" for me??
The owner said yes, of course, they still had enough for the whole group of people I was talking to just outside of their establishment, after our meeting.
Well, sure enough, almost all of us got to enjoy this delicious treat, which is shaved ice, but prepared "Neza"- style.
Neza is a suburb in México State, right next to México City.
The difference here is that the sweet is not simple-syrup based, but fresh-fruit purée based.
It was delicious!!
I had the Cajeta (caramel) my husband got the tamarind, and both were gone in no time.
The owners are very nice and funny, don't be scared if they invite you to dance before you order, ok?!
Recommend it a 100%

Ok, we have been trying to find a good raspado (Mexican snow cone) place for a while.
AZ was starting to disappoint me.
I have had raspados in Mexico but like i said have struggled to find a place similar to the ones in Mexico.
The raspados I had here have been watery and full of ice which is your typical american snow cone.
The best we had found was in Tempe, which is way way too far for us.
We yelped raspados in the west valley and thought we would give Raspados Neza a try.
We walked in and saw a menu with limited items, only raspados, which was ok cause that's what we were wanting.
The owner was a sweet talkative man who was proud of his product.
I was scared this would be just another watery raspados with nothing but ice and hardly any lechera (sweetened condensed milk).
So we ordered, I selected the pecan raspado, my husband the arroz con leche (rice and milk, has an horchata taste but thicker) and my daughters the coconut and the strawberry raspado.
We had them all with lechera.
I had my first sip of my raspado and OMG I was soo happy!
My pecan raspado was sooooo delicious.
It was creamy, tasty, and had the perfect amount of ice.
Some places add ice cream to the raspados, which I love, but these did not need them at all.
I tasted all my family's raspados and all were so good.
Also one thing to keep in mind is that these raspados are naturally flavored and have no preservatives.
So they are not too bad for you.
The raspados are $3 for a small and $4 for a large.
So this is it guys we have conquered in finding the best raspado in west Phoenix.
Thank you Rasados Neza we will be back very soon.

MMM their raspados are super tasty and refreshing.
My favorite is nuez and coconut.

Best raspados gotta give it 5 stars!!!!
not to mention how friendly they are!!!!

My absolute favorite Raspados place.
So underrated, they deserve more attention for the quality, taste, and love they put in their raspados :) every flavor is good.
Wont disappoint.
He carefully layers and packs the ice, syrup, fruit, etc for you.
It's not the typical Raspados that taste like snowcones.
Each syrup flavor has been cooked perfectly with real bits and chunks of whatever fruit/nut flavor you get.
Clean environment, great hosts; will never get tored of this place.

Just go here.
It is delicious.
Nothing better on a hot Phoenix day.
This isn't your American snow cone.
This is fresh shaved ice with fresh fruits and juices.
I haven't had anything like it before.
I got mango and strawberry with leche.
Me and the baby loved it.
My husband had a spicy lime chile mango tamarind creation that he devored.
The owners were very nice.

Walked in here and yes it was a hot day like all the other reviews say but to my surprise the people were not friendly like everyone is saying.
I asked the owner...  the "Padre Amaro" looking guy behind the counter if they worked with fresh fruits and a woman that was there answered "señor our sign say raspados if you want fruit you are going to have to go to TORTAS PAQUIME" which is across the way I told the guy  "no it's ok thanks" and I o ordered the walnut Flavor raspado,  then I read they had  coffee flavor on the board and from were I was standing by the register I pointed to it but my hand went behind the counter and due to that  I began to get an earful about health department regulations Yada,Yada, Yada.
it made me angry that he would make a big deal about that and be so mean and sarcastic about it.
him and the "Chimultrufia" looking lady basically went off on me about how that place had a grade A letter hanging on the door and that I could not point beyond the counter  on to the flavors because if the health department official walked in they would be in trouble and that they were in the RASPADOS business and if I wanted fruit I had to go across the way, so Being that yes the sign said RASPADOS and yes that is a letter "A" on the door and they know their health codes to the T....   supeeerrrrrr, i told the guy that he could keep his RASPADO and that i was going else were , i did wish him luck and told him straight    out that they needed to be a bit more friendly if they wanted to make it in the business.
they both went on to continue to be argumentative and i left as the woman made her way to the door.
WHAT IS FUNNY is that the day before my wife came home with a bunch of tamales which are not on the menu list that they so go by.... and that she did not go get them from TORTAS PAQUIME, she was so happy because she said they were good tamales  but I ate one of them and I was  sick the next day.
They must have been cooked at home in an unhealthy environment or maybe they have a letter A at home too who knows now a days you can get a letter A anywhere.
the thing is that they made the tamales at home and they sold them at The the RASPADO PLACE because they probably don't have the means to do that there... they them selves made that very clear when they told me "the sign out side say RASPADOS"   mmmhhhhhhhh so they say.
What I think happened and why the guy and lady were so mean is because they stereotyped me not knowing my wife had been there the day before and not knowing I had eaten their home made tamales or that I like spending money in food just like my wife does and I also tip on everything I eat.
Maybe they should have stayed in new York were having that kind of bad attitudes is the NORM.
I give this place 3 to 6 months to fail if the owner doesn't  change their approach to everyone that comes in their establishment to Have THE RASPADOS according to the SIGN THAT IS POSTED OUTSIDE.

Great customer service she owners work together to make some good stuff.
At times if they're not too busy they'll mix up flavors and let you try.

as i was waiting for my raspados happily in line imagining the awesome taste..... i finally got my vanilla and pistachio snow cone.
then i nearly threw up in my mouth when to my surprise a big ass curly hair saluted me ; /      i then walked back to the counter and noticed the owners mullet and realized that hair belonged to him!!!
i nicely told them and proceeded to show them the not so fun surprise....and they nervously smiled and asked if i wanted a new one....NO THANKS!!!!
ill have my money back.... word of advise raspados neza owners invest in some nifty hair nets!!!

This place is the biz..i went in here with my boy Big Juice and our pregnant friend Alan the owner was really nice he treats us like family he made a special raspado for our pregnant friend and said "las mujeres embarasadas ahi que consentir las"  will be going back Ramon is trippin doug

I went into Raspados Neza this afternoon, I kept hearing how good it was.
As I walked in the first thing I saw was a retired Temerarios band member making the raspados.
I was very happy being that I am a long time fan.
I took a glance at the menu, I ordered the Limon con mango Raspado.
It was very delicious we started convercating and soon I noticed this guy is also a comedian he was comparing my pregnant friend to a sea horse.
over all this place is both delicious and entertaining will be going back soon

This place is ok I guess.
The razpados there are really good.
But the bad thing is that their employees aren't that nice.
But other than that its a good place

Tanarindo and nuez were amazing!
U can tell they use quality ingredients In The syrups mmmm

Their flavors are delicious and far from being artificial like the American snow cones.
I recommend the chocolate, pistachio and vanilla, all with cream.
So far those are the ones I enjoyed the most.
I still got to go back and try others!

If you've never had a Raspados you need to go try it as it was very good.
I was a newbie and hoped the owners could run me through how it works and what to get but they speak very little English so I was mostly on my own.
They did try though.
I guess I could blame my lack of Spanish instead of blaming their lack of English in a Mexican store.
:)  Anyway, I had a medium Pineapple/Coconut with a little condensed milk and outside of the sugar coma afterwards it was really good.
Look forward to trying different flavors in the future.
A Raspados is basically a snow cone made with sweetened real fruit.
None of that colored syrup at this place.

The raspados were ok.
Being that I just moved from Miami, I was used to a different texture and flavor.
Overall, it was good.
The place needs a little TLC as far as aesthetics go.

This is a nice, cute little mexican style snow cone joint.
That being said, it is literally the best snow cone I've ever had.
Most authentic flavor you will ever find.
You could tell the owners who work there are super passionate about their product.
The owners are very pleasant, the place was clean and service was great!
I would definitely recommend everyone to visit this place!
You'll be happy you did!

No fuss little store front that serves up some delicious frozen goodies.
We had the cafe, arrozo con leche, strawberry with cream, mango and my personal favorite mangonadas which is a combo of mango, tamarind, chile, lime and even comes with tamarind candy.
Perfect for a hot AZ day!!

