I have been going to Leslee for over a DECADE, and I would never trust anyone else for waxing or facials.
Prior to finding her,  I had been burned by another aesthetician when getting waxed, and had allergic reactions to the products used while getting facials from other people.
Leslee is gentle, VERY comfortable to be around,  and listens to your needs in addition to examining your skin thoroughly before she does anything.
She is constantly researching new and different products to provide her clients with the best that's out there.
Best of all, she is SO sweet.
Facials, waxing, etc is very intimate, and Leslee makes you so at ease.
You'd be nuts to go to anyone else.

Leslee is awesome!
I have been going to her for over 10 years.
She is extremely knowledgeable in all aspects of her profession and is very easy to be around.
I constantly get compliments about how great my skin is and I owe it all to her.
My fiance recently went to Leslee for the first time.
He was a bit embarrassed to be going to a "woman's place".
Leslee made him feel very comfortable and did a wonderful job on his facial.
His skin looked and felt amazing and can't wait to go again.
I would recommend her to anybody.

Great pumpkin peel!
First time ever for me having anything like this done.
Leslie is really sweet and makes you feel at home right away.
Her room is very cozy and calming, though it can be a bit of a maze to find (it's in a below-ground level of Sachi Salon.
) She explained each step of the facial/peel process.
I could feel a difference in my skin before we even got to the peel portion!
This pumpkin peel was perfect for me.
I didn't have any residual redness or peeling afterward.
Leslie has been doing this for over 12 years and her expertise shows.
I would definitely recommend her services!

Leslie is Amazing.
I went to her for the first time for a brazilian wax.
She makes you feel completely comfortable and does a fantastic job.
I used to go to Dolce to get my wax done; they did not satisfy this customer.
She doesn't use a harsh wax and it was done in no time.
I will definitely be going to her again and again.

WARNING**** I went to Leslee for a wax at the beginning of summer thinking it was a great idea not to have to worry about bikini season.
WRONG.
I have been fighting STAPH infection in my waxed area since mid May and ended up being hospitalized for MRSA!!!!!
This place is not sanitary, they double dip the wood wax sticks (wood holds on to viruses and bacteria) in the wax pot- who knows what else is in there.
I know for a fact other highly reputable wax locations take super care and precaution to prevent this sort of thing.
Apparently this is a common occurrence among many waxing experiences, so I do not mean to put this particular one down more than any other; this is just a very unfortunate thing to happen.
My one wax ruined my whole entire summer season, I would never recommend or return to this place.

I've been going to Leslee for almost 8 years and couldn't be happier.
I've had numerous waxing experiences and she is by far the best.
She professional and friendly.
Her pricing is exceptional and she does a great job, I've never had a bad experience!
The room she works out of is also extremely relaxing.
I would definitely recommend her for any service she offers.
She's the best!

Bought a Groupon for a brazilian wax with Leslee and had a great experience!
She is very friendly and makes the time go by very quickly.
She helps you with breathing techniques to make it less painful.
Even without a Groupon, her prices are very reasonable.
Definitely recommend!

If you are a first time waxing victim you should come here!
Leslee has been doing this for a while and will make sure your experience is as 'enjoyable' as possible.
She uses great wax, aseptic technique and makes sure you walk out of there silky smooth.
I have not had her facials, but she was telling me about them during my last waxing procedure and I think she won me over!
I will give an update once I can truly talk about my facial experience!
Also, I should note her boutique salon is in the basement of Sachi Salon, so be sure to ask the front desk how to get down there and do not wait in the waiting area of Sachi.
I highly recommend Berry Berry Beauty; Leslee has a cool, calm personality that keeps you at ease even through a rather uncomfortable, intimate waxing experience.

After looking far and wide I found Leslee.
Because, let's face it, you have to feel even more comfortable with who you get your Brazilian than just about anyone.
She does a great job and she's great.

WOW!!!
So amazed with Leslee's work inside Sachi Salon and Spa.
I got a microdermabrasion and pumpkin peel by Leslee and it was spectacular!
I didn't leave feeling itchy or red.
She is very genuine and makes you feel so comfortable.
I decided to come back a couple weeks later to get a brazilian for my first time... (so terrified).
She made me feel so relaxed and I had such a great experience that I see her every 4 weeks now!
I highly recommend Leslee to everyone!

I have lived in Scottsdale for 40 years and have had waxing and skincare services from a variety of Valley providers including Elizabeth Arden's Red Door Spa.
Without a doubt Leslee Wax is a superior aesthetician!
Professional, caring, and efficient she provides high quality waxing and facials in a clean,calming environment.
She is focussed and directed and does not waste time but is never rushed.
I trust Leslee with the most intimate waxing!
Her fees are reasonable; I feel that I truly get my value for the money.
Plus, Leslee is a really nice person with a great sense of humor!
Leslee is tuned into her clients' needs and always reminds me to contact her if I ever experience any negative reactions to a procedure (which I never have had).
I highly recommend this aesthetician to anyone seeking quality waxing and skincare.

Very good results!
This was my 3rd trip to Brazil and by far the best.
A Brazilian wax, by nature, is not an enjoyable experience, but Leslee, with her warm personality and great techniques, makes it bearable  :)  Her room is cute & cozy, too.
Although the salon is a bit of a drive for me, I will definitely return.
Based on other reviewers' experiences, I want to try a facial next!

