Classic bad customer experience.
Really bad customer service and over all experience.
I bought the groupon now for a $10 private training or group training session and was so excited to for a good work out with a trainer.
I've belonged to other gyms and have had wonderful experience with other personal trainers.
I called bright and early and Seth was good at responding efficiently and we set up a time for later that morning.
I showed up and the equipment was a little old and worn (the lady next to me on the stair machine said her machine was broken) but whatever its not the equipment that counts its the trainer.
He had me do 5 minutes of warm up cardio and a 15 minute assesment so we he could see where my level of fitness was at.
After I completed the assessment, he continued to ask me if I would be interested in training at his gym after our session and I politely said No because it was so far from where I live.
At this point he said "Okay thank you for coming in, there's nothing else I can do for you.
" I replied that the groupon was for an hour and didn't mention anything about having to continue service with him or at that gym to receive an hour of personal training and he could please show me anything else.
He refused and sent me on my way.
I spent a total of 20 minutes there.
Don't waste you time on this groupon or on this trainer.

Real workout with real results.
In just a couple of shorts weeks I have already noticed a difference and friends have noticed a change in my shape.
Following his method of weight training and customized meal plans my strength and endurance have increased tenfold.
Seth's professionalism, expertise,  and commitment to his clients make him stand out above all others.
I no longer feel any apprehension but actually look forward to getting my butt kicked every morning.
If you are looking for a great trainer who will motivate you to be your best, Seth Thurston is the right choice.

I've had such a great experience with Thurston Personal Training.
He sets a customized meal plan to help you attain your specific goals, his group workouts are rigorous, and the results couldn't be better.
In 5 weeks I have lost 9 pounds and I'm starting to see muscle definition.
If you're looking for an out of shape trainer (you know- the one with the pot belly) go to a chain gym, if you're looking for an experienced, knowledgeable trainer/competitor go to Thurston.
Thanks for kicking my butt Seth!

Seth and his staff of trainers are the best of the best!
TPT trainers are not like trainers at a "membership gym".
You will get very personalized service and they will watch to make sure you are doing the exercises correctly so you don't injure yourself.
You will be provided a meal plan to help you reach your goal in an achievable time with the results YOU want.
TPT has members of all different ages and sizes so you don't have to feel worried if you are a newbie like me.
The staff and trainers are friendly, and encouraging and will get you motivated to work out to your full potential and achieve even more than you thought you could compared to working out alone.
TPT is much more affordable than I thought.
If you are serious about getting healthy and getting results you should come see Seth.
Not only will you do the right exercises to get results quick, but you will be educated as to why his formula of food and training REALLY WORK!!
I am on my second week with TPT snd i just want to say thank you TPT for getting me motivated and healthy.
I love this new journey we have started!

I am a shared owner of a party planning business always party planning and I had the pleasure of coordinating the grand opening of Thurston's personal training gym.
I pride myself in getting to know a client personally and I had the pleasure of meeting Seth the owner during an open training session.
He worked with me and my husband personally one on one and listened to my concerns and needs.
Seth customized and modified an exercise that would alleviate pain in my knees.
Himself and other clients are very motivating making you feel right at home.
Everyone is on different stages of athletic ability but he welcomes you in with open arms and immediately you feel like you are part of the family.
Not only do you interact physically in the personal training studio but also outside of the studio by participating in  sports as a group such as kick ball and volleyball.
I highly recommend having Seth and his staff  as personal trainers you will not be disappointed but remember no pain no gain.

When I first started my fitness with Thurston Personal Training I'll admit I was a bit skeptical of the training concept.
I typically workout one of two ways: either in a large group directed format like a yoga or boxing class or independent with my head down and ear buds blaring in a solo workout.
I'm also a bit of a self proclaimed gym rat, so I've worked with trainers from private to corporate gyms and everything in between.
Typically, every few months or so I'm on to the newest fitness craze, but working out with Seth and the group at TPT is the first time this has ever changed for me.
Everything from the custom workouts, which constantly challenge me from a fitness perspective, to the feeling of genuine camaraderie and friendship that exists within is completely unique.
I'll start with the most important thing, the workouts themselves: Every time I have stepped into the gym there, I have experienced a challenging and adaptable workout.
Sometimes I come in full of energy, ready (I think) to tackle a 2 hour workout, only to find that one hour, and sometimes less, is all I actually need when I'm truly being pushed.
There are other days when I've shown up exhausted and convinced that I should leave and yet there is something about the atmosphere and the ability of the trainers and coaches there to turn it around and get me to do "just one more" when I thought I wasn't even going to be able to start.
I actually came in for a period of time coming out of a bad ankle sprain and various other sports-related injuries and even then, they were able to adapt my workouts to keep me safe and still challenged.
There's a few different personalities among the trainers too, which works great because it allows them to meet any client on their level.
I've seen everyone from the elite performance athletes to the older individuals who are recovering from serious injuries that had previously required extensive physical therapy.
In fact, I spoke to an amazing woman the other day who shared that she had been working out with Seth for just under a year and had barely been mobile when she first started coming in.
This was extremely impressive since she appeared agile and strong and said she was working out 4 days a week now!
She is also 10 years older than my mom and I actually got her phone number so my mom could talk to her.
My mom assumes I workout at a place that is only for fitness junkies (there's definitely some of us who are like this at TPT), but with this many diverse trainers and clients there is a place for people of all levels.
Speaking of the clients, I also want to comment on the other people who exercise at TPT.
I don't usually like to go into a place and form friendships because I just want to get in and get it done, but you can't workout here without making a few new friends - even by accident.
I started by keeping to myself but I've actually come to really look forward to seeing the people who workout at various times there now.
We all kind of come and go at our pace with whatever we have going on that particular week, which is something else I really like about this structure, but I truly enjoy the high quality of people who make this their home!
I think this probably has a lot to do with the caliber of the trainers here; it seems natural that they would cultivate other like minded individuals who are as successful and kind as they are.
From an accomplishment perspective, I've never been in better shape than when I stay consistent with my workouts at TPT.
Seth, Aaron, and Steven all know exactly what they're doing to get you to your goals and it's impressive how unique and challenging their workouts are designed to be.
I've literally watched a dozen or more individuals completely transform their bodies and I've seen them work tightly on nutrition, cardio, strength, and flexibility.
They have homemade food you can order for delivery or offer meal plans they will custom design for you to take home if you cook yourself.
They also provide measurements to track your progress, and fantastic workouts for every day in between!
I have exercised alongside everyone from competitors for fitness shows to business owners who simply go in for their 2-3 workouts in a week before running off to work and I've never felt like my workout suffered one bit.
Most days I actually feel like I'm getting trained personally because that's just how good they all are!
Not to mention that the price does not reflect even a fraction of what one-on-one sessions at a big box gym would cost.
By the way, if you happen to prefer this setting, each of the guys there definitely has the bandwidth to accommodate one-on-ones and it seems like private sessions are just as popular as the small group setting, so it really is just personal preference.
Anyway, my advice?
Give Seth, Aaron, Steven, and the rest of the family at TPT a try if you want results, affordability, and an amazing environment!

In June 2013 I decided to make my health a top priority.
At that time I was a complete mess.
I couldn't climb a flight of stairs without being out of breath.
I had joined 24 hour and quickly became disappointed with the trainers.
My experience was that they were unreliable and often times did not practice what they preached.
Let's face it , it's hard enough to get started but when you pay high rates for training and not get what you pay for, it's very easy to just give up and go eat some muffins at paradise bakery!
So I get hooked up with Stephen and it has truly been an amazing journey at TPT.
I started at 207 pounds and a size 36 inch waists and zero energy and confidence.
July 12, I will be competing in my second mens masters physique competition.
I am 57 and I do it for the fun and it's great to have as a goal.
But what is important to me are the people that support you on a journey.
Stephen, Seth, Aaron, Steven q., Jayson are the absolute best.
I have met a lot of wonderful people there.
Everyone has a story to tell.
There is so much inspiration and motivation at TPT.
These guys are the real deal.
Give them a try you won't regret it.

