We LOVE this place.
They have a couple HUGE 2-3 story tall bounce/slides and smaller more tame bounce houses for the smaller children.
It is all pretty much in one giant room so if you choose not to participate with your child(ren) you can cop a squat and watch.
I got the Groupon awhile back and it has been the deal!
I will be buying a full price pass once my Groupon is over because my baby girl loves it so much.
There is NO reservation needed which makes it a major advantage over Bounce U in Gilbert.
Nothing against Bounce U, we liked it very much there but for me it is difficult to make a reservation to go bouncing.
I have only visited during the day on week days so I don't know how it is with a huge crowd and for you reservations may be the way to go.
They serve packaged snack foods and you expect to be gouged whenever you see a sign that says no outside food but that isn't the case.
Prices compare to any corner store or better.
I think the string cheese is 2/$1 which compares to the grocery store.
Very important to me and any single parent is that The Play Factory has both men's and women's restrooms plus a unisex single (locking) changing room/restroom.
Very convenient!
It is also right off the 60, making it very convenient to get to.
We have actually been driving home on the freeway when my little one has just asked me " My bouncy house daddy?
" and I have exited and let her do an hour or so of bouncing.
It's perfect I know she will be worn out.

I am writing this in hopes that management sees this and realizes how ridiculous and careless they are being.
Is that asking too much?
Yeah... yeah I thought so too.
The Play Factory.
On paper, it sounds like the next best thing since... Chuck E. Cheese's.
In reality, not so much.
You see, I purchased one of those coupon thingys.
Groupon, or Living Social, or some other one (details are unimportant) for a "Night Out".
The fine people at The Play Factory will watch your kid from 7pm-11pm on a Friday Night?
Sweet right?
right?
The Drop Off: So I ended up taking my son and his cousin here.
They make you sign a waiver of course (in case of any accidents they have the authority to call emergency services, blah blah, no big deal), so I signed it.
Then they said "Okay, that's it, thanks!
Wait.
That's it?
No hand stamp?
No wrist band?
No name tag?
Umm, okay?
So we left our kids with two teenagers and went to dinner.
Yes, two teenagers.
No adults were present at child drop off OR at child pick up, but I'll get to the pick up later.
This place was huge.
Ginormous bouncy slides/castles.
A big climbing apparatus in the corner and more bouncy monstrosities around the corner.
They took multiple bouncy mammoths and pushed them up next to each other to make them seem even MORE gargantuan.
Did I mention how awesomely big these things were?
Like 30' high and 30' wide.
Sounds cool, right?
Well, it was!
So the wife and I went out for some sushi (See Sushi Room review) and felt really uneasy about the whole situation (2 teenagers watching 20 kids without knowing any of their names or who to call if they got hurt) so we went back early.
The Pickup: Thankfully, my son and nephew were unscathed, for the most part.
Then I realized my son was missing his sweatshirt.
He proceeded to show me all around this grand complex as I looked for his sweatshirt.
He pointed down to a small crack where two enormous slides met and said "That's where I got stuck and cried".
I said, "huh?
"  Apparently, unbeknownst to the two teensters, my son was on these slides, and he fell down between them.
At this point, he was stuck and began to cry.
When nobody heard his cries, he squeezed and pushed until he found a small gleam of light.
Even after this INSANE incident, the teenagers carried on oblivious.
No doubt, his sweatshirt is still lingering in that black, airless abyss which my son escaped from.
He actually told me "I got out and couldn't believe I was alive!
"  My.
Thoughts.
Exactly.
Parents, please DO NOT take your kids here and leave them unattended.
The staff is not responsible to look after them.
The two teens were actually on the bouncy castles with a few kids while the majority were elsewhere without any supervision.
Scary!
Management.
Please hire responsible individuals for the "babysit nights".
Also, please incorporate some sort of identification for the kids.
Maybe wristbands with pertinent info like name, and emergency contacts...
Please have someone watching the kids at all times... not playing with them.
I will now keep my eye out for headlines that read "Child Suffocates at The Play Factory" in the newspaper.
Because it is BOUND to happen with their current practices.
One star is too many, but Yelp requires me to give it to them.
End of rant.

The Play Factory in Mesa is closed!
Last week they said they it was closed for routine maintenance.
Stopped by today and everything was cleared out.
The name above the building was taken off.
No note on the door saying we've moved or anything.
What a disappointment.
It was a good place for the boys to burn some energy.
I'll be looking up management for a refund on my unlimited play passes.

