first of all, I strongly advise the ladies to wear comfortable shoes cause you'll be on your feet all night (unfortunately, we had to learn the hard way) other then that, this is a great way to meet new ppl.
the host/hostess were super nice and the ppl in the group were all friendly.
we ended up doing half the venues due to an incident which involved some 5 inched stilettos heheh, but I would definitely recommend the crawl.
did i mention the free food/drinks and no waiting in lines?
so worth it!

The Sin City Club Crawl was everything it's advertised to be, which I was skeptical of -- it seemed a little too good to be true at the time.
We went with Groupons, cutting the $65 down to $30, but honestly -- I would have paid the full price.
If you're not in a large group of girls, don't have friends working at clubs, or aren't willing to drop to drop a couple grand, having a good time at clubs in Vegas can be daunting.
Club Crawl makes it simple.
Honestly, there's always one person in a group of friends who's responsible for making decisions and shepherding everyone along... and it's usually the Yelper of the group.
It was nice to let that all go, let the hostess handle the logistics, and just have fun!
We went on a Friday: Dick's, Coyote Ugly, Rok, LAX, Cathouse, Nikki Beach.
They aren't the most exclusive clubs on the Strip, but I definitely had a great time.
I don't think we would had the resources or the energy to hop through so many clubs otherwise.
There was a fair bit of walking, but the casinos are pretty close to each other, so the routes were pretty well planned.
Rok was slow when we got there, but it picked up; LAX was definitely the most popular.
Nikki Beach was honestly pretty dead, but it would be a BLAST in the summer when the pools are open!
We skipped all the lines, no covers, and free drinks and 2 for 1 deals at the first few places.
Our hostess was the sweetest, and got us taxis for the short distance between Cathouse and Nikki Beach at the end of the night.
We were told my experience was kind of abnormal; they presumably have groups of anywhere from 40 to over a hundred.
Our group numbered... 7 on the Friday after Thanksgiving?
Kind of weird, but it was actually really nice & fun getting to know everyone in such a small group-- especially when the drinks started flowing :-)-- but I think it would have been just as fun in a larger group.
There is plenty of opportunity to make friends, or to just do your own thing.
You get about an hour at each location, but if you feel particularly attached to a club, you're welcome to ditch the crawl and stay there.
Absolutely no complaints.
I thought it was a steal, especially considering the appetizers and drinks that were included.
A no hassle tour of some Vegas clubs, loved it!

So much fun!
This was everything that it was advertised to be.
My friends and I got the deal off of Groupon for $30.
We went on Saturday and there were about 40 people in our group.
We started at Cabo Wabo then Chateau, Gallery, The Butterfly Lounge, and then Pure.
I loved that we didn't have to wait in any lines and the food and free shots at Cabo Wabo was nice too!
The only thing I would recommend would be for ladies to bring flats!!
Although the clubs were near each other, the combination of walking and dancing in heels did a number on my feet!
Overall, I had a great time and would definitly do this again!

Just got back from Vegas and my friends and I will definitely go on this club crawl again when we return!
It does start out a little slow as everyone is checking in and standing around for about an hour.
But then once you get going it was more fun.
Our hosts were awesome and very friendly.
The best part is that we didn't have to wait in lines or pay cover like everyone else.
We would show up at the club and go straight in...it was awesome!
We did get the Yelp deal for $30 but even the $65 would have been worth it.
Because in Vegas there is cover everywhere...esp.
when you have guys.
Another night we went to Tabu and our male friend had to pay $40 (for ONE club).
So you can imagine what we would have ended up paying had we gone to all those clubs and not been a part of the club crawl.
All in all, we made some new friends, got to check out some cool clubs, and get our groove on!
Thanks Sin City Crawl for an awesome night!

This group delivered as promised!
No waiting, awesome party bus and two VERY COOL hosts taking care of our group!
This was worth every penny we paid for it!
And with the Groupon deal, it was even better.
We had a free drink and appetizers at the first bar, a free shot at the second and no hassles at any of the clubs (LAX, Chateau and Tryst) on Friday night.
There are only two suggestions I have:  Ladies - Please take the advice of those that have gone before you and have some comfortable shoes!
My wife and many of the other ladies were miserable about 3 hours in.
Call Ahead the day before or the same day and make sure venues have not changed!
We made reservations a few weeks in advance.
The confirmation said to meet at Dick's Last Resort and when we got there they said the group no longer met there!!
I understand that logistics require changes so just double check with them ahead of time.
I cannot say enough about how well we were taken care of  and what a great time this is!
And a bonus, there were free drinks on the party bus!

This deal was AMAZING!!!
I'm definitely doing this again when I return to Vegas!
The hosts were a lot of fun and this deal was everything it said it was.
Free appetizers and drink at the first spot, shots in the party bus, no waiting in line for all the clubs.
I recommend this to anyone who's going down there!

first you think ...eh a club crawl in vegas..???
nothing like what Sin City Club Crawl offers..we ended up getting the yelp deal only  because who wants to pay $80 for disappointments..im sure i would of paid $80 anyways because the staff was friendly and fun..the first two clubs we walked to wasnt far..a nice little scenic walk across the bridge....we did get past the lines..and awesome drink specials..then the bus came...now thats what i call a party bus..not some dinky shuttle..big screens..dancing poles for the girls..or guys..shots on the bus.. @ 4am i was satisified...never had a better time visiting 5clubs w/free & vip entrance....highly highly recommend!!

Worth every freakin penny.

Had a great time from beginning to end.
The Hosts were super cool, very nice people.
Got to meet some fun people that were in the group with us.
My husband and I had so much fun definitely want to do this again next time.
Sin City Club crawl was more than worth it.
By the way girls i recommend to bring some flats, the night is long and there's a some walking and a lot of dancing.

Worth every penny.
The staff was extremely nice and courteous, they got us from place to place without any problem.
No lines, no cover, just a great time.
I was kind of sad when the night ended.
I cannot recommend this enough.
It made the night Amazing!

Had an amazing time at the club crawl!
Great clubs, great deals, and a great group.
The hosts seemed to really care and wanted to make sure everyone had an amazing time.
For sure doing this every time I go to Vegas.....

Wild.

Best Time Ever!!!!!
We met thr group at Linard Skynard for FREE appetizers and they were delicious.
Broke the ice by playing flip cup with the group.
The hosts were great!
One was a girl (sorry dont remember her name) and the other was Joe.
Joe was hilarious and very funny.
We took an awesome party bus to the clubs that werent close enough to walk to.
Had free shots on the bus and at the first club.
No lines, no cover charges, it was AWESOME!!
Everyone in the group were totally cool.
My boyfriend was really sketchy about doing this, but now he wants to do this everytime we visit Vegas (once a year).
The next day we laid by the pool telling everyone around us about Sin City Club Crawl lol.
They way we sounded we should be paid for this haha.
Definatly doing this again and again.
Too much fun!

This was the best money I have ever spent in Vegas!

Don't hesitate!
Book it!
This worth every penny and with a Yelp!
or Living Social deal you can't do any wrong.
We met up at Lynard Skynard at Excalibur where were offered complimentary appetizers and a free drink.
We actually got a game of flip cup going and it made it even more of a value, because they supplied several pitchers of beer.
After this we walked to Coyote Ugly, not a bad walk at all.
You get over an hour at each spot, and they do a good job rounding up the groups.
From there you hit Gallery, Chateau, and end up Tryst.
There was a free shot to claim at each place after that.
At Tryst we just stayed, you don't actually have to leave.
I'm not going to review the clubs, but Sin City Club Crawl did everything they promised and more.
At no point did we have to wait on line.
After the first walk they take you around in party busses, complete with stripper poles!
You can't go wrong with this one.
You get to see a lot of clubs and meet a lot of great people.
Lord knows what it would cost in covers to hit the last three clubs alone.
I got more than my money's worth out of this one!

I joined this club crawl as part of a pre-wedding celebration.
After spending a week in vegas this proved to be an awesome way to close my trip.
It's priceless that for $40 you can totally bypass the lines at clubs like PURE and Chateau.
It was rumored there were drink specials in place, but they didn't seem to exist after the first bar.
Also if your not paying attention, you can easily get lost/distracted/disoriented in the clubs/between clubs - or maybe that was the ketel one speaking.
Great Yelp Opportunity~!

So worth it!
Had a TON of fun.
It was great walking into places and walking past lines- the party bus was amazing.
Great great night.
Would do this again in a heart beat.
Only complaint is similar to a previous review- drink specials did not seem to exist anywhere but the first place.

super duper fun all around, just go easy on the moose juice.

Awesome time and would happily do this again.
The hosts were awesome and we got everything that was promised.

A group of 8 of us did this back in April and I wanted to make sure I put my review in.
We had an AWESOME time!!!
True VIP status walking into all the clubs through back entrances or just blatantly cutting the line.
Yes, it is kind of field trip like at the beginning but once everyone starts drinking and you make friends with all the rest it feels like you are partying with 40 of your closest friends!

Very good deal and totally worth it.
Hosts kept the night moving and you get in to each club right away.
There were about 100 people doing the club crawl the night we went and the hosts handled everyone without a problem.

Had the best time ever!
Ladies bring flats because we do walk a bit...
Started off the night with a free well drink then went to coyote ugly and got free shots!
Then on a party bus to Gallery... And then 2 more clubs with no waiting in line!
It's a mix of different people but at the end of the night that doesn't matter anymore!
Joe and jessica are freaken AWESOME!!!
They just want everyone to have fun and we really did!
We loved him and Jessica for making sure we all had a good time that we came back for another club crawl the next day (went Friday and Saturday) ...
This will definitely be on our list to do every time we come to Vegas with a group of people :) and we will spread the word about this!
thanks joe and Jessica!

We learned about this pub crawl via Yelp and has a blast.
Very diverse group of people and several of them had been on the crawl before.
Jessica and Joe are very accomodating and entertaining.
The pubs/bars we went to were nice and we went right to the front of the line.
I would have liked to have gone to Trist earlier on in the evening.
Great time for the value!

This was our second experience with Sin City Club Crawl and it was just as awesome as the first!
The no waiting in lines alone makes this whole experience worth it but throw in a couple free drinks and the party bus and it puts it over the top!
This group delivers as promised from start to finish!!
What the overall experience comes down to are the host and hostess for the night.
This was the second time we had Joe and Jessica take care of us and I cannot stress enough how much we appreciated them!
They don't just get you from place to place, they are walking through the venues checking on you, making sure that you know that it is almost time to move on and out there talking with the guests.
They make you feel welcome and truly make sure that everyone has a good time.
At the end of the night, Joe was there thanking us for coming and making sure we had a good time!
I am sure you get the point, these guys are great!
One thing I REALLY appreciated was the email we got from the company a day ahead of time letting us know the meet up venue had been changed!
Also, the reservation confirmation is emailed directly so you know you are confirmed.
We will be back again, you cannot beat this experience!!

Holy crap......this was one of the better times I've ever had at ANY social outing and the majority of that was due to this club crawl and the people working it.
Right from the get go when we checked in Jessica who was running the crawl was super friendly and bubbly setting the stage for a fun time.
The general feel for everyone that was attending that night was of partying and having fun.
The clubs we hit were all terrific and their normal cover was $15-$30 each so right there it was worth it.
The comments about not having to wait in line and heading straight in were dead on accurate...pure VIP status.
As we walked from one venue to another through the casino everyone within the crawl was pretty wasted by the 2nd club and yelling, dancing, pretty much being highly obnoxious in the middle of a casino while people were trying to play at tables and slots and just staring wondering what we were doing and who the hell we all were and of course security couldn't do a damn thing.
We got separated (see drunk and lost) from the party on several occasions but were able to find the next spot and catch up with them again bypassing lines outside and just walking right in.
My buddies and I even made some $$ on the party bus that shuttled us from on club to another as it had a stripper pole and the majority of the people crawling with us were women who wanted to see us lose some clothes!
Overall 6 stars for this company, their employees and their events!!!
Thanks guys I will definitely be back again!

Joe and Jessica were the best.
This was so fun, I would not hesitate to do it again.
They deliver what promised.
This is must do in Vegas.
The best part was no waiting in line, and a couple free drinks.

By Far this crawl is highly-recommended.
Everything about this night was great.
The host and hostess, Joe and Jessica were fabulous and made sure everyone was having a good time.
We met some great people that were all looking to have a great night out.
About the crawl -  Free drinks at the first bar and a nice round of cups to get everyone started.
A short walk to Coyote Ugly where Kamikaze shots are flowing and girls are dancing on the bar.
Then comes the best part.
Hopping in the party bus where more shots were handed out as you head to the next club.
Oh, did I mention no lines?
That's right skip the line and $0 to enter.
The Gallery and Chateau were the next two clubs.
Jessica took a few of us to the outside bar upstairs.
Amazing views of the strip and directly under the Eiffel Tower.
One more ride on the party bus and off to Tryst to finish off the night.
You have an option for an After Hours club and Jessica set up the transportation so everything ran smooth.
I will definitely plan another club crawl night the next time I am in Vegas.

We did two nights (Thursday and Saturday) and had a great time!
The hostess Jessica made sure everyone was on the same page and knew where they needed to be and at what time.
I do recommend (as others have) to have a purse just large enough to hold a pair of flip-flops as you dance in heels for up to 6 hours.
Not many (if any) places to sit in any of the clubs but that's not the Club Crawl's fault.
The Yelp discount was really worth it.
Oh, be sure and grab dinner prior as the appetizers supplied don't feed 20 - 40 people very well.
Next time in Vegas, we will be using Sin City Club Crawl to visit all the clubs again and we loved cutting the lines.
2 nights and 9 different clubs for $39/person each night - That's 1.5 cover charges with no drink tickets if you tried to go by yourself - def recommend doing a club crawl!

actually only made it to the last club because of really bad car trouble but our group got to  club tryst at about 12:30 and stayed until it closed.
the host tended to us and brought us in easily.
definitely going to try this again and do the full thing.

We weren't sure at first about this club crawl as we had been to Vegas many times before and didn't want to be stuck on same lame tour of crappy dead bars.
Fortunately, we trusted the reviews and signed up for what is possibly one of the best deals in town for a night of partying.
For one flat rate, you get no-line access to multiple popular clubs on the strip.
The club lineup changes by the night so I highly recommend checking the website in advance to see where they are going this weekend.
We were very happy and ended the night at PURE at Caesar's Palace... the only complaint I might have is that I wished I had paced myself a little more before PURE... LOL

This company is amazing!
And such a value too!
We made reservations less than 3 days in advance.
They gave us a group discount and a promo code for the website so our group could pay separately.
Hot appetizers at the first bar and a free well drink.
Free shots at Coyote Ugly and they were strong!
Next up was 3 hot clubs and transportation via a posh party bus including a stripper pole!
The host also handed out some strong shots.
Highly recommended and would definitely use them again!

Fun, fun, fun!!
And an unbeatable price, especially with the yelp deal!
Friends were coming into town and some had never been to Vegas and wanted to go to a club.
We had all different ages and didn't want to do bottle service, so rather than stand in line forever and pay a cover, we decided to give the Club Crawl a try.
I'm so glad we did!
Check in was easy at Dick's Last Resort and we got a free well drink.
The hosts were very clear about when we'd be leaving and that we should follow the glowing stick.
First we went to Coyote Ugly for a free shot (plus more for girls who want to dance on the bar.
) Then we took the party bus to our next stop, which was so fun!
Another free shot, music, and a pole on the bus.
Everyone was having a great time.
The next stop was Gallery, which was very cool.
We went right to the front of the line and walked right in.
After that, our group of 8 had dwindled to 2, so we bailed.
(I think most of them had started drinking earlier in the day and were beat!
)   I'd definitely do this again.
For $39, are you kidding me?

We had a blast and our host Jessica made the night.
Great way to check out the clubs in Vegas and skip the lines.

I would give it a 4/5 if it was just for me but unfortunately, my group didn't have as much fun as I did so I took that into consideration.
I'll just do a breakdown of the pros and cons  Pros GREAT DEAL!
Especially with the Yelp coupon!
1 of the 3 clubs we went to was amazing!
(Haze) Enough alcohol for a good buzz but more on this in the cons- in the bus, at the first bar/ meet up, and if you pre-gamed it was even better The people really want you to have fun  Cons Older crowd (30s to late 40s at least), not the best place for a single 21 year old but if you're a couple you'll find a way to have fun A majority of the clubs were kind of lame So you do get a few really good free drinks that are pretty strong but, overall, a lot of the drinks offered at the club were just straight up mixers 3/4 of us got alcohol poisoning from the bad alcohol or something.
(1 threw up 8 times the next day and couldn't do anything for the rest of the trip, 1 was nauseated for the rest of the trip, and 1 just had a bad stomach ache the next day) Lots of walking, wasn't as much party bussing as I thought there'd be so WEAR COMFORTABLE SHOES  Overall, this is a great deal!
I'd do it again.
As long as you don't buy drinks at the clubs and pregame on your own.
It's all good!

I have been to Vegas every year for the last 6 years (Since turning 21), and always make an event out of it.
These club crawls have become popular for the last 3 or 4 years, and this trip, we finally tried one out.
We chose Sin City Club Crawl based on reviews and price, and we are glad we did.
We did the Saturday night package which started out at PBR Rockbar.
It included a free drink, free eats, and then a ton of free beer as we started playing drinking games.
We also went during the rodeo so seeing Miss Rodeo USA on the mechanical bull definitely caught our attention.
We then went to Gallery which was a really nice bar/club scene.
I wish we stayed a few minutes longer as the Pussycat Dolls were about to dance.
We then took a party bus to the Chateau, and that included a bunch of free drinks and dancing on the stripper pole.
One thing I noticed up to here was how the hosts were so good about making sure everyone had a great time.
I danced and met with a lot of new people, and even tried to meet up with some of them the next day.
They were great hosts.
Chateau had a good size line, but we didn't wait, we walked up and right in to the club.
The club was big and had a lot of dancing.
The drinks were pricey, but one drink kept me buzzed enough.
Great views on the balcony here.
We then took the party bus to Pure, which was actually a little disappointing, but before going in, I asked about the strip club to end the night, and we were told to call the number on the wristband.
I actually liked being chaperoned all night and not having to think about what happened next, so not having their flashy lights guide me into another bus dropping me off to nude women was a little disappointing, and ultimately we missed out on that bonus stop.
Either way, I will always make sure I do this club crawl when I am in Vegas.
Well worth it.

My friends and I all used this service on a Saturday night and had a fantastic time!
Both hosts were super friendly and did a great job directing our group from place to place.
I'm so glad that I chose to do this--it certainly made the night stress and worry free.
I would recommend it to anyone unfamiliar with the Vegas nightlife scene.
You get tons of free drinks too!

I go to Vegas annually and can't believe I've missed this!
We were definitely VIPs and got to cut the line everywhere.
The group was fun and the complimentary drinks were appreciated.
The hosts were fantastic and I enjoyed the variety of stops.
I will be doing this again.
One thing to keep in mind...you have to get your own transportation back to your hotel.
That's not a big deal, but just remember that at the end of the night you are responsible for yourself.

We did this tour as part of a birthday weekend trip for my 40th.
It was 3 couples and we went on Dec. 14, 2012.
I was very hesitant because I hate the whole touristy cheesy thing and being from Miami, we have been to many clubs and bars.
It ended up being one of our funnest nights there!
First off, the hosts, Joe, Drew, and Jessica (I think?
) were great...professional but fun, super organized and available for questions (and shots), and patient with all of our drunken asses...especially joe!
(He ended up being in like 20 of our pictures!
)  The one thing we didn't like about the tour was the beginning of it...the meeting place (Dick's at the Excalibur) was horrible...the Excalibur was like a page out of "Where Not To Go In Vegas".
And we figured when we walked in this was going to be a disaster....I'm not even exaggerating...there was LITERALLY a shooting there about 30 minutes before we arrived and the area was taped off and the cops were still there ( you can google that if you don't believe me).
However, I will say that the minute we were directed to our meeting area in Dick's, the whole crowd was different...they were well-dressed, normal looking  people of various ages.
What a relief.
The rest of the night was a blast.
We went to one more bar (Coyote Ugly, which was mediocre), and 3 clubs: Chateau, Haze, and Gallery.
We never waited in line, never had an issue, and never paid cover.
The bus rides to and from were part of the fun.
Everyone on the tour was great...we met people from everywhere and everyone was in a great mood.
My group ranged in age from 33 to 52, and we still got along with everyone on the tour...from the 21 year olds and up.
I highly suggest a few things, however: if you are not a laid-back, party type, then don't bother...you'll get annoyed being surrounded by so many drunk fun people.
If you are a girl in heels, buy the foldable Dr. Scholl's flats and carry them around in your purse or your guy's pocket (trust me).
If you want to enjoy the night, take it easy on the free drinks early in the night.
Highly recommended!
Thanks Joe for the great time!

It was a great kickoff to a Bachelor-Fest bender.
We had a great time, the group leaders were so much fun, and every club we went to was amazing.
Definitely a must in Vegas.

My friends and I were very hesitant in doing a club crawl since we have never done it before.
We booked one for SinCity and one for Elite VIP to test them both out.
SinCity on Thursday, and Elite on Friday.
And I have to say, hands down, SinCity takes it!
The host from Elite just sucked!
No personality at all.
But both of our hostesses for SinCity that night, Jessica and Drew were the S**T!
Thanks ladies!
We started out at PBR and then after that, it was a little burry for us.
The drinks on the party bus is really strong, so my advice, take it easy.
If the bus does go to the Bank at the Bellagio, be careful, the drinks are ungodly expensive there!
The most expensive club that we went to in Vegas!
We finally ended up PURE at the end of the night.
Very classy club.
It was so fun with SinCity, that we booked it again for the Saturday night crawl and that didn't disappoint either.
They had 3 buses that night and I don't know how they kept everyone together, but they did.
So would I recommend SinCity over all the other crawls in Vegas?
HELL YEAH!

I took a random, last-minute trip to Vegas with my boy friend and we were looking fot things to do.
I was actually looking for another club crawl when I came across this one.
We booked one for a Saturday-ended up having a blast!
We started at PBR in Planet Hollywood and then went to The Gallery (maybe Galleria) upstairs.
After that I don't really remember where we went.
I believe we ended the night at Pure.
Jessica and Joe(y) were great hosts!
I remember thinking they were the mama and papa ducks the way they were hurding us all to the party bus and out of the club.
I don't know how they kept us all together.
They always told us what time we would be leaving and where to meet and they would come around with flashing sticks.
It's a good thing they looked for us because the clubs got really packed the later the night went on.
Even when we came down out of our buzz and realized nobody from our group was with us anymore Jessica and Joey helped us on our way to finding food and the way back to our hotel.
I felt like an elite on the party bus.
We didn't get free shots like it said on the itenerary, but we did get a free well drink in the beginning and they had some strong Punch and vodka mix on the bus every time we got on.
This is a great way to meet new people.
I believe I would even feel comfortable doing this alone.
Had a great time and will definitely be going back!

This is worth every penny - Just make sure you get a coupon!
How can you beat entrance into 5 bars, skipping the lines, free drinks at the first couple of bars and no covers.
AND to top it off you get to ride a party bus in between the bars!
AND they give you a drink on the bus!
The people who led the Bar Crawl were super nice - I'm sorry but I don't remember your names - but you were great!
I went on a Thursday night so there weren't a ton of people but I kind of preferred that as opposed to a crowd of 100+ people.
The only reason I took off a star is because they advertise that there is an after hours option but when we asked about it we were told that it wasn't being offered.
Bummer!
Anyways, totally worth the price!

The only way to do Vegas.... if you're broke :o)  Which I am.
$35 for a groupon.
We met at Dick's Last Resort and then were ff to Coyote Ugly, The Gallery, Chateau-Stinking-Schmateau, and then Tryst.
I've always loathed the Vegas night scene because of the lines, kiss ass nonsense, rude bouncers, dress code nonsense, and pricey drinks.
The party bus has changed everything.
No lines, no covers, no dress code nonsense, free drinks, cool hosts, and chill peeps on the bus (which also has a stripper pole).
Tips:  *  Pre-game *  Dont drink after a certain time if you want to remember the night *  Chateau and their bouncers are assholes and didnt let 2 people (1 of which was me) in the club *  Pimp out your heels with Dr. Scholls everything... you're feet will thank you  *  Do the groupon!
*  Dont waste time buying expensive drinks at the bars *  Make the guys get on the pole...  Bon Apetit!

We used the Yelp deal and booked this crawl because of the great reviews and it did not disappoint!
We were on a strict budget for our Vegas trip (this was a great deal!
) and it was so nice to not have to wait in line and have someone else worry about the transportation logistics.
Our hosts, Jessica and Joe, were so kind and so FUN !
Thank you!

This was the greatest idea!!!
We started the night at PBR rock bar with free wings and a free drink.
Then made our way to gallery where the ladies had free margaritas and champaign then made our way to the party bus and took it to Chateau at Paris!
My friend and I left early to meet up with some people but we had a great time!
For $38 it's an amazing deal!!!
I suggest everyone new to Vegas try this at least once to see what clubs you like and what not.
The host we had were amazing and made sure we all had fun!
This was one of the best nights we had in Vegas!

This was my first time in Vegas, and wanted to try this experience.
Once we arrived to the first bar, things were very fast paced...especially after a couple drinks...but all in all was super fun and would recommend to anyone who wants to go club hopping on a budget.

Had a really good time with the wife.
The hosts were very nice and made sure everyone had fun.
I would def try this again the next time I head out to vegas.

Hosts were great.
Bars they took us to were great.
Clubs they took us to were great.
No waiting in line, no taxis between locations.
We had a great time and it was great sampling several clubs in one evening.

Club krawl lived up to its expectations.
Great night out!

Most fun I've had in Vegas and the best way to experience some of the best night life.
The host were super outgoing and fun.
Thank you for the fun experience, I recommend it to anyone and specially first trimmers.

My friends and I went to Vegas on Easter weekend and did this club crawl on the Saturday.
Since our group had a good amount of males, we figured it'd be easier to do this than deal with lines.
We got the $39 yelp deal and the process of scheduling your club crawl is fairly easy.
You just call them, give them your voucher code, and basically join the club crawl the next day if you want to.
We met at PBR bar (we were late but since they didn't leave the bar til 11, we made it.
We still had a chance to get our free drink and chicken wings) I don't remember our hosts too much.
They didn't really do anything to make the crawl any more fun..The host did pour us some cheapie alcoholic drink each time we rode the party bus ride which was about a minute or so.
The club crawl is more of just what you make of it with your friends imo.
Then we headed to Gallery which was a decent club.
The DJ just played music (mostly edm).
After Gallery, we had to line up a bit for Chateau.
Some of the patrons that we went with at the club crawl were a bit ghetto and yelled at my friend.
I liked the music at Chateau, the DJ was actually mixing the music and not just playing track after track (mostly edm too).
Chateau also have a deal for girls to drink free.
Lastly, we arrived at PURE.
Its a beautiful club, but I wasn't exactly feeling the vibe or the music that much.
I wished we just stayed at Chateau, seems like a lot of other club crawlers did.
Good experience!
It was nice to be able to go clubbing without dealing with lines in Vegas.

We did this crawl for our friend's bachelor party.
And all I can say is that by the end of the night, we lost one of the guys, bachelor was hammer and my buddy could barely walk.
The best part about the crawl is that we didn't have to wait in any lines for the bars/clubs.
That alone was well worth the cost of the ticket.

My husband and I really like it.
You wont need a jacket or car keys, just money in your pockets to pay drinks and a taxi to go back to your hotel.

Going out and going to Vegas numerous times I wanted to try something different clubbing wise.
I had a group of about 11 of us meeting up in Vegas for my birthday.
I spent about a week researching the different club crawls that are offer in Vegas.
There's a lot.
I have to say that this was the best experience and my research paid off.
These people are vary professional and know what they are doing.
They handle our reservation us being 11 people without any hassle.
The clubs are worth it and top it off you get to the long lines.
Paying one price for cover and party bus to the clubs alone saves you taxi money to and from.
I have to give a shout out to our host Jessica she was awesome and made the experience even better!!!
The party buses are top notch.
They give you free shooters and its on to the next club.
Check the website depending on what day you book the venues change.
We had such a good time we booked another crawl this weekend for a birthday.
If your deciding on doing one of these  I highly recommend it.
The other thing I notice it was a group of around 40 of us including all peeps of all ages.
So anyone will have a good time.
They have like 3/4 buses that take you around.
It's Vegas party it up with club Crawl!

This was awesome!
We booked the crawl for two nights, Thursday and Friday were both great, the free drinks on the bus were awesome (and surprisingly strong).
Jessica was AWESOME!
She does her best to make sure you have a great time.
We were wearing flats and one of the bouncers were not going to let us in, but Jessica somehow talked him into letting us in.
I don't know how she deals with all those people but she's amazing!

Listen.
I joined Yelp just to write this review.
I went on this club crawl on April 20th and it took me a couple of weeks to remember what an AWESOME time I had!
The hosts were professional, the venues were amazing (PBR, Gallery, Chateau, Pure) and the group was LIVE!
I selected Sin CIty as a part of my best friend's 30th birthday celebration.
It had the best price for our group and the best clubs.
We were on time and got to enjoy the appetizers.
Once I got my drink ticket, the bartender liked my red dress and gave me not one, not two, but a triple gin and tonic to get the party started!
From PBR, we moved on foot to Gallery and almost had an issue with an overzealous bouncer, but no worries.
We saw the glow sticks and it was time to move to the PARTY BUS!
Free shot on the bus plus a stripper pole equals fun!
...and the night turned into a blur after that (What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas;-).
I remember catching a cab from Caesar's Palace back to my hotel.
If you are asking should you do Sin City Club Crawl, the answer is yes.
Yes, yes, and more yes.

This is a great way to experience multiple Vegas clubs in a short period of time.
They don't go to the most popular mega clubs, but even the average Vegas nightclub is still amazing.
Some people complain about walking, but it's not that bad at all.
Definitely would recommend this tour for anyone looking for a good time!

It was just okay - my "average review" stems from the following experiences:  * The check in is at PBR Rock Bar at Planet Hollywood for about 30 minutes to an hour - it's hard to call it a rock bar, more like honkey tonk.
The free ticket for well drinks is worthless, and I ended up paying out of pocket for a black label - which sucked by the way - something had to be wrong with the bottle they had, as a seasoned scotch drinker, black label on the rocks can't taste wrong.
It did!
I was shooting myself to get out of this country music hell - in fact I stood out on the strip for 45 minutes so I could zone out all the music.
* The second stop was at Gallery @ Planet Hollywood - an okay club, which was pretty much deserted when we got there around 11:15pm.
We stayed here about an hour, although it started to pickup as we were leaving.
* The next stop was Chateau @ Paris, which was a pretty decent outdoor club.
They brought us here on the party bus which was a 10 minute ride where they served this horrendous fruit vodka concoction.
I took one whiff and passed, but given that it was free... * Our next stop was supposed to be Pure @ Caesar's, but we began to enjoy ourselves at Chateau and bailed on the crawl.
* The $39 Yelp deal is good, and many people use it to avoid having to do bottle service at a club (which also gets you in past the line) - I got tired of standing @ Chateau and I paid for a table at 2am - one bottle minimum.
A bottle of Macallan cost us $787 ($525 for alcohol, + gratuity + tax).
It was worth it, and the more I thought it we should picked a club at the start of the night and stuck to it.
The crawl part of the event was not appealing to me.
I credit the hosts (one short man & two women) - they were nice, upbeat, and did their best to keep everyone in the mood.
We were a group of 7.
Having gone through this one time, I think I prefer bottle service at a club that I can go to for 5 hours and stay there.

Well, I guess the night was a success, but no one really remembers.
At the last club, my drunkard husband tripped and broke his foot, but we didn't know it until we got back home.
You know what they say: "It's not a party until something gets broken!
"  The third club, at Paris, was by far the best.
The last club, Tryst, is a blur.
All-in-all, it was a great way to spend my 40th birthday

It was amazing, I had a great time, especially on the bus.
Joe, you Rock....Definitly will do it again when I return.

We had an amazing time!
Our hosts we wonderful and generous.
They made sure everyone enjoyed themselves.
Definitely have recommended it to everyone I know, and let me tell you, they can not wait to try this!!!
Don't miss out on a great deal on a very good time in LV.

I used a Groupon that was $69 for 2 people to go on their club crawl.
Since the Groupon excluded Fri & Sat of holiday weekends, my roommate & I used it for Thu/23 May of Memorial Day weekend.
- Check-in at PBR Rockhouse (on the Strip, in front of Planet Hollywood casino/mall) went smoothly.
There were at least 2 hosts (don't remember their names but one was female and one was male) and they were pretty cool.
- Honestly that night was a blur due to my alcohol consumption but at PBR Rockhouse the hosts gave each person a free drink coupon for a PBR well-drink (or beer?).
- After PBR hopped on the party bus and we went to Mirage's 1-OAK, Luxor's LAX and then finally Caesars Palace's PURE.
- To get from one location to the next the group rode the party bus, a double-decker van which was designed for club-hopping and included some free drinks.
- Considering the price, convenience for transportation and the nice line-up of clubs (PURE is one of my favorite Vegas clubs), it was a 5-star Yelp deal.

This is my third time going to the Sin City Club crawl.
I'm so pleased with the host.
Jo and Jessica are fun.
This new double decker bus they have are awesome.
There's  not a lot of walking.
It's perfect.

I've been to Vegas many times but our Sin City Club Crawl made this last trip one of the most memorable.
I will admit I was skeptical at first: Spend an entire night in Vegas hopping on and off a bus going in and out of clubs?
how can I enjoy a club if I can't stay there long enough?
It turned out to be the best way to experience nightlife on The Strip.We used a Yelp deal -- $49 each.
This alone was a great deal when you consider cover charges at clubs-- and none of that waiting in line for hours to get in.
The night started at PBR, a bar at Planet Hollywood Hotel shops.
The place has a cool outdoor patio and it's right on the strip.
As part of the Club Crawl we received a free drink and then the bar had great drink specials.
After about an hour we hopped on the party bus -- a double decker bus equipped with lights music and a dance pole.
Our two hostesses were great!
We had a group of about 40 and they got us all going , served up shots on the bus and were good at keeping all of us corralled and moving.
First stop was 1OAK at Treasure Island.
It was awesome to move past everyone else in line and go straight into the club.
This club was very nice, great music and great crowd.
After about an hour of partying there, our guides rounded us up.
They went all around the club and dance floor to make sure they didn't forget anyone in the group.
At this point the group was loosened up, we made friends, more shots were poured.
This was a real party.
Next stop: Hakasan at MGM.
This place was amazing.
It was huge!
And maybe the biggest party in Vegas.
I still can't get over how large the venue was.
And then we discovered there was another room with dance floor below.
With the venue being so big and so packed i wondered how our hostesses would find us.
Amazingly they did, but we liked this place so much we decided to stay and skip the last club on the crawl, LAX.
This was an incredible night!
The group  varied in age, people in their 20's , 30's and 40's so no one felt out of place.
We got to see several spots on the strip, and had great transportation for the night.
We can't stop talking abut the experience and we're already planning our next one.
I don't think I will ever go to Vegas again without doing Sin City Club Crawl and I would tell everyone to do it!

Not as organized as I had hoped.
Frankly it felt like the event was overbooked because I felt like we were a herd of cattle being moved along from one site to another.
There was a lot of unnecessary walking at the beginning.
It would have been nice to be able to have saved our feet for dancing instead of trucking around like a bunch of tourists.
Most of the places we went to played the same music.
There was a point where we had to wait in line because "there are not enough I.D.
checkers".
The ticket for the free drink is not worth it, drink provided sucks.
The plus, I didn't pay full price since I got this deal on Yelp.

Tried this with some friends and had a really great time.
The party buses were awesome and the hosts give you free drinks (I think we had vodka).
Best parts are you get to hop several clubs, bypass cover fees, and cut the lines.
The only down side is you don't get a ride back to the pick-up location so you'll have to either walk back to your hotel or take a cab.

I did this club crawl last year when I went to Vegas and will do it again.
You cant beat the price on the YELP deal!
What a blast, no lines, free/discounted drinks and the party bus!
What a blast!

I was hesitant when I signed up for this crawl.
It was hard believe they were really going to get us in to the top night clubs (without waiting in line) in Vegas - BUT THEY DID!
We would walk up and pass TONS of people in line and just walk right in without cover or anything.
It was worth the money.

I reserved 13 spots for my bff's bachelorette party.
We checked in at PBR (next to PH) - free wings & potato skins along with a drink.
It was loud, I didn't really know who our hosts were, I barely saw them throughout the night.
We headed to Gallery in PH, at first it was empty and then it got PACKED, there was free champagne but it wasn't that good.
My party got separated and I stayed back to find our lost girl.
I was going to take the next party bus alone to the next stop but found out the bachelorette and rest of my party went back to the hotel after not being told to wait excessively for the party bus.
To credit the club crawl, I saw 2 party buses when I got outside and wasn't with my friends so I'm not sure but I didn't want to be on this club crawl by myself without knowing anyone so I left too :-( To sum it up: PBR was really just a bar and Gallery was kind of ghetto and weird.
Wish I could have expereinced the rest of it, sounds like it would have gotten better.

Good time, man.
We felt like it was a good value overall, but man how the night flies by!
You walk to 2 clubs and take a party bus to 2 more.
The club selection is good and it's awesome not having to wait.
It's not a cheap night out, but worth every penny!

So this was a great find!!!
We were a group of 7 ladies (29-30 yrs old), with all different interest however main goal was to have a great time!!
We received a group rate when I called to inquire which helped make our Friday night in Vegas SUPER inexpensive and then we were able to splurge and get table service on Saturday.
We hit some hot hot night clubs all in one night.
So the night went like this!!
Friday Night Package 10:15 pm Arrived at the PBR @ Planet Hollywood (told to go to the Rock Bar instead, right next door actually attached)  We met Joe (and a cute blonde didnt catch her name) very friendly.
We got our wrist bands and free drink ticket for the Rock Bar.
We were extra early so we had a few drinks, wings and some of the girls rode the mechanical bull.
11:15 pm we headed (walked) to Gallery @ Planet Hollywood.
WHAT FREE CHAMPAGNE??!!
The club was packed we had a blast.
12:15 pm we headed (walked a good distance to the Party Bus) to Chateau @ Paris!
This club was refreshing, it is indoors and out but basically all outdoors that night no one was inside.
View of the strip was amazing.
By about 1:30 most of the girls were done so now we were 2.
2 pm we headed (Party Bus) to Tryst @ Wynn.
By this time things began to blur Tryst was packed we had a drink then called it a night.
Overall, money was well worth it!!
We didnt have to wait in lines longer than 5 minutes which is amazing for Vegas!
All of the girls had a great time!!
ok so if it was so great why didnt i give it an Excellent review?
Cons: Little more walking than I had liked Driver forgot to lock the bathroom on the bus and someone had the whole downstairs horrid, everyone tried to squeze on the top level.
Whats the point of stripper poles if there is no space to use them?
No transportation back to starting point (taxi line at Tryst was ridiculous at 3am)

The club crawl was awesome!!
I got to see different clubs and loved how each one of them had their own theme and taste to it.
I had a great time and it was the first time doing a club crawl.
The hosts were great and hospitable and the whole experience was great!!
Thank you for a fun night you guys!!
Definitely telling my friends about it and spreading the word!!

Labor day weekend and decided to go to a club one night.
The line was long, the price to get in was expensive, and we meet no one.
Friday night we decided to do the club crawl.
I called asking for information and the nice lady gave me a really good rate (score!).
My two friends and I meet the group at PBR Rock house in Planet Hollywood.
The hosts were really nice!
We received a coupon for a free drink and a wristband that got us $5 dollar drinks/ There was also bar food provided.
Everyone stood around awkwardly sipping on their drinks and eyeing who you were going to hook up with by the end of the night.
We then moved in two groups to Gallery in Planet Hollywood.
Splitting the group up into two made it easier to get from one place to the next and not feel like you were a cow being herded.
Gallery was cool; it was still pretty early in the night and dead.
But we made the most of it and had a few drinks and danced.
We then hopped on the party bus and were served a very strong drink.
The party bus had lights, music, and stripper poles (key to any successful night) This is where we made friends with some French, German, and Estonian people.
We then headed to Château in Paris, which was awesome.
We watched RayJ perform (meh) and danced with our new found friends.
This is when the night gets hazy.
I remember dancing on the party bus and then being in Pure at Caesar Palace but don't remember much - so must have been a great night!
Overall this was one of the best choices for a night out in Vegas.
The hosts were so nice and made sure everyone was together.
I even heard one of them tell the other to go back and make sure no one was left behind.
We meet so many cool people and all got dinner the next night.
The best part about it was that we got into each club so quickly and hassle free.
Absolutely recommended!

Tons of fun!
Got to go to 3 different clubs, driven to each in their fun party bus with free shots on the buss.
The leaders of the crawl are super fun and know how to have a good time.
Not having to wait in line at any of the clubs definitely made this worth it.
I'd definitely recommend this crawl, and keep an eye out for deals for it on Yelp, Groupon, and Living Social.

We were a group of 5 (4 girls, 1guy).
We had the best time!!!!!
The party bus was the best and all the clubs were great.
The hosts were super fun and energetic!!
We usually buy a table at 1 club and party there.
This was sooooo much better.
We met tons of people and experienced 4 different clubs!

Here's how it works: Meet at a bar.
Get a wrist band and a free drink.
Hang out for a little.
Load up in a mini-bus with other people in your group.
Drink in said mini-bus and make friends.
Arrive at the first club.
Skip the line, don't pay cover.
Dance, drink for an hour or two, then at a particular time hosts will tell you it's time to go to the next place.
Repeat for two more clubs.
As the evening goes on, the different groups consolidate into fewer and fewer buses as people stay at clubs they like or just get tired and leave.
By the final club, all the groups are back together again.
At the end of the night, find your way home (or ride the bus to a strip club.
)  Why it's good: 1) Skip the freaking idiotic lines at three pretty darn good clubs.
2) You get to hang out with the same group of people all evening long... and you're stuck on a freaking bus, drunk, so everyone is really social.
(The two strangers who met on the bus next to me got REALLY social, if you know what I mean.
) 3) The hosts are awesome.
They drank with us, had a pole dancing dance off, and were just genuinely nice.
4) The bus was surprisingly clean and comfortable.
It's nice to sit for a bit after dancing.
And it felt like a party in there.
Why it's bad (and no, the bads are not that bad): 1) Casinos are huge so there's still a bit of walking from bus drop off to the clubs.
2) The free shots on the bus taste like cough medicine.
3) If two bachelor parties end up on the same bus, it's a freaking sausage fest (you can switch buses later, so it only matters in the beginning.
) 4) There's a little down time when people are waiting to leave the club.
Everyone's just kind of standing around.

Best decision we made all weekend (except it was I guess the root of all our bad decisions but that's a different story).
We went on Friday 9/20 which was also iHeart Radio festival, so we assumed club lines would be insane.
We got to skip the major lines went to clubs Chateau, Pure, and Tryst (we personally didn't make it to Tryst) but for $40 and not having to pay club cover and a party bus?
Yea no other way to start out a Vegas weekend.
ONLY downside was that the original club was 1oak instead of Chateau but Robin Thicke was hosting 1oak and they didn't get tickets in time or something so the line up was changed last minute.
But we wouldn't have been able to see Robin Thicke anyways because celebs usually don't show up until 2 or 3.
Highly recommend it!
It's exactly as they describe it.

Bought the groupon deal for like $30 for my most recent Vegas trip.
Awesome experience and hosts.
Bus ride was fun as well.
Only downside was that we got charged $15 since we booked our reservation within the 24hr requirement.
I understand the reasoning but it would be nice to let it slide on a slow Thursday nights.
Recommended for any special under $50, wouldn't pay regular price

Had an amazing time and the employes were helpful from the very beginning to the end ... Made sure we made it to the buses , kept us informed of return times and just treated us like they knew us , forgot their names but the two blonde girls , darker haired one and buddy with spiky hair  .
I went for a friends birthday but could see just going by myself lol

i've been twice!
fun times both times!

LivingSocial/ Groupon buyers?
BEWARE!
This has got to be the worst service I think I've ever received from Vegas, ever!
And I have not even gone on my trip yet!
I was about to book through another company (should've just gone through them) but after seeing the awesome reviews on Yelp!
and Tripadvisor AND realizing this deal would save me the most money, I thought why the heck not.
To be sure this "business" could accommodate my party of 8 [for next week on 11/09] before going through the headaches of coordinating everyone to buy via LivingSocial, I gave them a call.
I spoke to a very friendly and nice girl by the name of Sarah on Oct 29th.
I asked if she had enough slots available and if I should just go ahead and buy my voucher and hold the spot.
She advised me to do so and that space was available at the time.
I bought my ticket, she used my voucher code to hold my spot (MORE ON THAT IN ONE SECOND, KEEP READING!
) and said to call back.
I should've been worried the moment I got a confirmation of another person's party instead (PRIVACY LAW ANYONE?
)  I tried to be understanding.
Fast forward 3 days to today, after getting everyone to finally buy all their tickets (again its a pain in the arse to do so) I called back and after three times of being sent to voicemail during what should be operating hours, I left a message.
Thank jebus I called back because what a guy by the name of James told me next, pretty much ruined our vegas plans and my friends 21st bdays.
Jame's advised me because I was booking through Livingsocial, there was no more space available for our party.
Only "people who paid full price online have slots available.
" I was shocked.
A little understanding still considering it wasn't their faults completely my friends took forever to buy their vouchers, but still shocked.
I knew from here it was going to hell knowing how livingsocial works.
Since Sarah redeemed my voucher to "hold my spot" I was SOL.
After going back and forth with L.S.
on the line and james, L.S.
advised me I was no longer able to get a refund through them due to this THIEVING of a companies hold policies; told me to ask the company for a refund.
I tried and what happened next is what really irked me off so much, I'm writing this review because of it.
I WOULD GIVE 0 STARS IF I COULD!
James basically told me that I was not getting a refund (even though their refund policy is 72 hours in advance) and that basically my money was worthless to them.
Said that "you got it at a heavily discounted rate, its like $18 a person, were not really making any money" and "i dont see what the problem is when you already have a reservation" I'm so sorry my $75 for two people is too pathetic for you.
I'm sorry I bought through a third party you guys obviously need because clearly you dont have enough hotshots willing to spend the full price, and im so sorry you guys have no clue how to save future business when you can make exceptions (you have enough space for rich people, but not us poor (or smart) folk trying to save a buck) but choose to have this "not my problem" attitude.
Was even going to consider your full price but James sealed the nail on the coffin after being such a difficult person to work with.
You're so lucky that I did buy through LS as I got my deal free therefore did get a refund already (ha!
) or else I'd be raising much more hell than I am.
Again, ESPECIALLY YOU GROUPON folks, beware and dont let them redeem your codes for ish until you're ready!

W went on 11/2/13 - I was skeptical when my friend 1st told me that we were signed up for the Club Crawl.
I thought "I am too old to be tryin to hang with these younger people at these Vegas clubs" At 43 I surprised myself!
I hung with the best of them until the very end (and a little longer)!!!
What a blast!
We drank, danced, met a ton of fun people who were all there for the same reason...to have a great time!
I would definitely do it again!!
The hosts Tiara, Jessica and Joe were on their game...they were partying with us and guided us as needed!

I never ended going with this company after my friends decided the whole mess with the Living Social vouchers was disappointing, however I just wanted to say Sarah pretty much made me realize this company does value their business.
She explained to us in a straightforward and polite manner as to what had happened (charter busses being used hence why the price of the LS couldn't cover that) and tried to make the whole mess up.
Again, just make sure all of your group has their vouchers ready to go and that you verify the day you're going to buy them that the bus has enough space.
WRITE DOWN WHO YOU SPOKE TO and dont waste anytime booking them, slots go super fast.
Hope to be able to use this company in the future to see what we missed out on.

Pretty cool concept, 3 clubs in one night, no cover charges, no waiting in lines and party bus to next club.
Its great, even better at 50% yelp deal.
The "party" crew from the company were very fun and nice.
The have flashing lights and walk around the club when it is time to go to the next one.
Its cool and other people in the club who are not with the Club Crawl have no idea who/what they are doing.
The lack of 5 stars is the "drink" on the bus in between clubs is terrible vodka in cranberry concentrate in a bottle they keep refilling every night after night.
Perfect for bachelor party that wants to hit the clubs and not waiting in line or pay too much.
Oh, and they buy you 2 drinks before the whole thing starts.

Great experience.
Best bang for your $$$$.
I organized my brothers bachelor party of about 10 of us and everybody enjoyed it.
I would def do it again when I go back to Vegas.
Recommended to anyone looking to meet some new people or just have a good time in general.

Had a great time!
I will do it again when I am back in town.
Our host was a great time.

We went last weekend and had a great time.
Hosts were awesome they engaged everyone and made sure we had fun When we do it again we would bring cocktails for bus because the clubs drinks were really expensive 14 each for a vodka cran.
Plus you are at each club for about an hour and you don't want to spend that time waiting at the bar.
The parts busses are awesome like a club on wheeles.
When we go back it will be on the list.

I had such a great time on this club crawl.
I really liked that I didn't have to decide on where to go next or how we would get in and how much we'd have to pay for cover.
All of my decisions were made for me!
All I had to do was have fun :)

We went on this Las Vegas bar crawl on my friend's stag do.
We had a blast.
The great thing about a bar crawl is you get to meet and party with people from all over the world.
I would def go again!
www.vivastagvegas.com

It was okay.
Its only really when we got to PURE that it was worth the money since we didn't have to wait in line

BEST dam night ever!!!
Double decker party bus was sick!
And the clubs were insane!
Def worth the $$ And host are amazing!
Jessica was great!
This is a MUST if you are in Vegas!!!
Can't wait to go back and club crawl!

We were in town for my college roommate's 25th birthday!
This was the best decision we made!!
3 clubs, no cover, no line, party bus, free shots, cheap drinks (at the meet up spot), and fun meeting random people in Vegas!
We met up at a hotel bar/club (forgot which one) and you got a free drink then $5 drinks after.
We saw a woman passing out $1 drink wristbands too so you could get pretty buzzed for cheap!
Our schedule was 1Oak, Hyde, Pure.
You stay at each club for about 1.5-2 hrs.
As the night progresses, the party bus gets poppin and drinks are still flowing and everyone (for the most part) is pretty cool.
There were like 50-75 people with our group so we had like 2-3 huge party busses.
There is plenty of room for everyone.
Honestly, you could go alone and still have a good time!
We each paid $45.
We missed the Groupon deal but called and got a code from customer service.
There's always a deal somewhere - One on here!!
I think the original price is $85.
The hosts and hostesses are great!
So much fun!
I even got a free drink from 1Oak because of one of the hostesses!
Loved them!
I would recommend this to any and everyone going to Vegas!
Glad we found it!

Going to a Vegas night club can be a real hassle.
You have to get to club, which can involve a cab ride, which you might have to wait in line for, and the cost of that cab ride.
You then have to get into the club, which will involve waiting in line up to an hour or or more at times and paying a cover.
Hot chicks for whom the world turns a little differently typically will not wait in line as long as the rest of us, if at all, but I digress.
Visiting just one club will likely consume the better part of an entire evening.
I stumbled across Sin City Club Crawl while perusing Yelp reviews, and it turned out to be a great and very cost effective alternative to the above scenario.
My buddy and I reserved one night in advance.
The ticket you print yourself states where to meet up and a basic time frame for the evening.
The clubs you will go to vary somewhat from night to night.
On our night, the meeting point the PBR Rock Bar at Planet Hollywood followed by HAZE at Aria, 1OAK (formerly Jet) at Mirage, and Pure at Caesar's.
You travel to each of the clubs on party buses, at least one of which is double-decked.
When you arrive at the meeting point, you will meet the hosts (who were all great), be issued a wrist band, and be issued a free drink ticket.
The PBR Rock Bar was just OK.
It was empty and a little bit of a buzz kill, but it served its purpose of getting the group together and settled in for the crawl.
Before long it was time to get on the party buses to go to the first club.
The buses are pretty nice, and they are a fun way to get from club to club.
Music is playing, everyone is in a fun mood and socializing, and the hosts are pouring everyone vodka crans to drink.
This was cheap stuff, mind you, but it grew on me as the night wore on.
Imagine that.
One of the great things about the club crawl is you do NOT wait in line at the clubs and you do NOT pay a cover at the clubs.
The hosts pretty much whisk everyone in the group right in.
It's an easy and fun way to check out a few clubs, and if you are really feeling a particular club, you can stay there for the rest of the night if you like.
You are not required to travel with the group to the next club.
The hosts were great and worked hard to help make sure everyone had a good time.
I should point out the club crawl draws attendees of a variety of ages.
My buddy and I are in our 40s, and we never felt out of place.
There are lots of scams and too-good-to-be-true deals in Vegas.
This isn't one of those.
It's a good deal and a lot of fun.
We paid full price (about $80 each) and thought it was well worth it, but I gather it's not tough to get discounted tickets.
I would do this again for sure.

I went my friends this past July.
The hostesses were great.
They brought great enthusiasm.
Going to the 3 different clubs was great.
The one bad thing would be, as you got used to one club, you would have to leave.
The party bus was blast.
Everybody there was in positive spirits.
I recommend this for a group friends.
Take this one suggestion, pace your drinking.
Most people got lost or were too drunk by the time we got to the third club.

I was originally very skeptical about whether Sin City Club Crawl would live up to its expectations.
I wasn't sure if a club crawl was worth the price, since club promoters tout "free" passes to clubs all day long in Vegas.
However, I found it to be absolutely worth it.
Why?
Well firstly, some of the "free" passes you see on the street are scams.
And if they aren't scams, they usually require waiting in a long line (unless, of course, you're a part of a huge group of attractive females).
It can also be a huge hassle, and a lot of planning and walking (and/or expensive cab rides!
) to hit up Vegas clubs.
Sin City Club Crawls took the hassle out of our night so that we could really just enjoy it, stress free.
My boyfriend and I went on Friday (01/17) to celebrate my 21st birthday.
I think we were the youngest people on the club crawl, but everyone was super friendly and fun so it didn't matter at all!
We started the night at PBR Rockbar in Planet Hollywood, which was across from our hotel, which was very convenient.
After a well-organized check in and a complimentary drink, we were on our way.
The walk to the bus took a little while, but that was the only longer walk we encountered - the rest of the clubs we were able to get off right in front.
The hosts were all super cute and friendly.
The party bus was stocked with some type of free cranberry vodka shots, which I found to be very good (yeah, so maybe it was on the cheaper side, but who cares?
It was tasty.
) The bus pumped loud and fun music and to 1Oak, which was further north on the strip, so we were able to maximize some time on the party bus (and even witnessed an older woman getting up on the stripper pole - no lie).
We had about an hour to spend at 1Oak.
The hosts did a very good job of alerting us where and when to meet, and they also waved some flashing light saber in the air, probably for individuals that were too inebriated to remember the meeting point, LOL.
I would like to add though that no one was sloppy drunk, but this probably has to do mostly with the fact that it attracted a mostly older crowd.
The hosts were also pretty discreet with the use of their light saber thing, so we didn't particularly feel super lame or anything like that.
They also put glow bracelets on our arms which helped the hosts to identify us to discreetly let individuals know that it was time to move unto the next club.
After 1Oak, we took the bus to Haze in the Aria, which was also a good time.
We didn't make it to the third club (Tryst) because I had already had too much fun, lol...;)   I would absolutely recommend doing this in Vegas.
I was able to relax and have a great night without worrying about anything!

Make sure you read the fine print!!
Once you purchase, the voucher shows a "How do I redeem my Deal?
" section where it says "It's easy, just print and present this voucher to the business or show it to them on your phone or mobile device.
" But when you get there they point out that "must make appointment at least 24 hours in advance" is buried in the fine print in another section and try to deny you entry.
They really need to make this more prominently displayed.
Also, be sure to check the local groupon before you purchase on Yelp as you can save another $10 there.
Otherwise it is a fun time, good value and some of the hosts are great to party with.

I booked Sin City Club Crawl for the first night of my cousin's bachelorette shenanigans.
We had a blast!
It was a great way to see a few clubs without the hassle of the lines.
And the the host was super pumped about taking us around.
I have to say, the party bus transportation made this "the way to go".
Being a girl in Vegas stinks if you have to walk around all night in your highest of high heels and knowing that we were being driven around with booze and music just kept the party going for us.
The Bachelorette had a blast, so it made it all worth while.
I recommend the club crawl if you wanna have a night full of change and fun!

Cannot even begin to describe the debauchery.. suffice to say, this was money well spent in a town where your dollar can be snatched happily for far less.
The value was incredible.. in fact..I should just keep this info in my back pocket.. but I had so much fun, I just feel the need to share.
The fleet was large enough for the crowd of around 80+ that had gathered at the first meeting spot- PBR Rock Bar at Planet Hollywood.. we were greeted happily by our "tour" guides and had not a one problem checking in our group of nine peeps.. We were treated to a well drink at the bar and proceeded on from there to our fleet of busses that were happily awaiting our arrival..with glow sticks and shots..  Our group travelled on the double decker, the more the merrier!!
Stripper poles and laser lights, along with top dance hits were playing on the speakers.. and our special little tour guide was dancing around handing us shots anytime we looked anything but happy.
I felt like wooed nun and was quickly losing all inhibitions..  Our first stop was 1OAK club at The Mirage.. the club was great and staying just an hour was nice too.. after that, it kinda became sort of a blur of dancing, drinking and general bad behaviour.. and we can just leave all that in Vegas.
It was a great way to take a group of friends on a VIP tour of Vegas clubs and have some great memories, but NO PIX, to take away with us!

Did not believe this was legit until i got on the bus and the night was a blast!!!!!!!!
Set this up for the wife's bday and she loved it, its really the only way to enjoy the clubs in Vegas!!!!

Great Deal.
Sorry it took me almost 2 years to write this review.
But definitely worth it.
Hit the hot spots

This was by far one of the best nights I'd ever had in vegas!
If you know anything about Vegas club lines, Sin City Club Crawl is the best!
The night started at Planet Hollywood in the PBR Rock Bar with a free drink and then $5 drink afterwards.
We all then loaded the bus and went to 1Oak in the mirage.
The party bus was a lot of fun with free Shot drinks and great music.
The hosts had a little bit of music ADD and couldnt stay on one song which was kind of annoying but we still had a great time!
Then we loaded the second bus (2-level party bus!!
) and went to Haze.
That is where my night ended because we partied just a weee bit too hard and decided to call it a night.
Even though, it was the best value and we had so much fun!
I recommend this for anyone going to vegas.
ESPECIALLY over the club promoters in the street.
Can't wait to get back and do it again!

This by far was beyond worth it!!!!!
I had so much fun and partied my a$$ off!!!
It was 80 bucks a piece for me and my buddy and the hosts were awesome!!
We all met at the PBR Bar in Planet Hollywood which was very covienient since we were staying in that hotel.
It was kinda packed in the PBR Bar and with that free drink ticket began the party!
So once it was time to head to the party bus everyone was dressed their best and smelling nice ready to party!
When the host started pouring the shots the crowd got funner and funner HAHA!!!
It was such a blast on that bus with the lights, music, stripper poles, peoples laugh and dancing!!
Our first stop was 1Oak and it was a pure blast!!!
We got straight in with no cover at the door!!!!!!
Lord knows I drank and danced and partied and then we went to the aria next on the party bus and did the same thing!!!
Unfortunately halfway through partiying at the second club everything else became a blurr LOL!!
My buddy said we went to another club and caught a cab back to Planet Hollywood where we were staying and all I know I woke up next to the toilet fully clothed on the floor like a night from the movie "The Hangover" LMAO!!!
What a night and I will be doing this same club crawl again this summer!
It is SOOOOOOOOOOOO WORTH IT!!!!!

Was worth it to get into the different clubs.
Nice variety.

MAKE SURE TO CALL AND MAKE RESERVATION if u use Groupon or any other outside company:) Even though I was an idiot and bought the groupon and didn't reserve us a spot the guy I talk to was really nice.
He gave us a promo code for discount which was nice since the groupon deal had already booked up.
I canceled groupon and reserved crawl online through their website.
Anyways... BEST WAY TO GO TO CLUBS IN VEGAS!!
Hosts were awesome!
Shots were terribly bad, but free:) fun mix of people and my husband and I had a blast!
Bring comfy heels or wedges.
1oak says u have to wear heels, but I got in with my flats and had my heels in my cross body.
When we go back to Vegas we will definitely use Sin City Club Crawl!

This is actually an awesome deal.
The pub meetup sucks, but after that it is all fun.
The party bus is poppin, and they get you into every club , no fuss.
The atmosphere is pretty fun , and the club selection is pretty good .

This was such an amazing company that completely made my 21st birthday Vegas trip perfect!
The double decked party bus was more than a good time and host Joey is nothing less than the perfect host!
I will be sin city club crawling every time I return to Vegas and recommend this company to anyone and everyone!

Great time!
The hosts know how to run the crawl.
We spent about 90 mins in each club.
We went to 1 oak, Pure and Tryst.
Never waited to get in anywhere.
What was great about it was they had 3 buses so if you have a sausage fest on one it's was easy to just bus hop.
Highly recommend.
The hosts were great.

I must say I was very skeptical about this club crawl but after actually doing it I can say it was one of my favorite moments of my trip!!!
The biggest issue for me was calling to make the reservation 24 hours in advance.
I had completely forgotten to do that and they accommodated me nonetheless.
The host and hostess that we had that evening were off the hook fun!!!!!
They interacted with us and we had a Freaking BALL!!!!
I have to say that after leaving the club it did seem rather uncoordinated as we did not know what bus to get on and we would be send to one bus and it was already full.
There needs to be some kind of set bus assignments for people or at least someone to count the people getting on.
At the end of the day this was well worth the $ and it was an awesome time!!!

Great time on the club crawl.
3 clubs ( 1Oak, Haze, and tryst).
Fun hostesses on the bus.
And free book.
I highly recommend the crawl if you are trying to party on a budget.

Great value.
Cause your gonna spend like a million dollars on drinks.
Will do this next time I'm in Vegas.

Great deal for the sheer amount of clubs attended.
However, I did not get the full experience, and let this stand as a lesson to all who go to Vegas: DO NOT walk into the crawl already intoxicated.
This happened to my group and we were all turned down simply because one of us was deemed too drunk to go into the club.
Also, make sure you are on the bus early because it will leave you.
I hope to try again, hopefully with a more responsible crew this time around...

By far the best $$ ever spent in Vegas.
At the first bar we had a few free drinks.
Then on to the bus.
Free shots, great sound system and music.
The hostesses kept the party alive.
Every club we went to we walked right in, no waiting at all.
The next time were back in Vegas we will return for sure, and bring our friends!

Amazing time, everything was on point from beginning to end.
I couldn't imagine another club crawl company doing a better job.
Keep in mind if you have a big party you will lose some people along the way.
Haze was the best club in my opinion.
Take it easy with the "red" drink, it's a long night.

Me and my girlfriend did this for her bday weekend back in November.
(sorry for the late review) But this was a very good experience.
I bought some discount tickets at groupon, but didn't know I had to call right away as they only take the first ten people for that deal.
But the lady I spoke too still gave me a discount code.
Me and my gf had never done this, so we were skeptical at first.
To start off the night me and my gf were late.
(i was ready) I was able to email them and they responded promptly that we could meet them at the first club which was Oak1.
So that was awesome.
From that club we rode on the party bus to the other clubs which  we had a blast at  and the hostesses were really cool and easy to talk too and made sure we had our shots filled frequently.
Me and my girl made it to the last club lol all faded.
If you never done this then do it!
You won't regret it.
Totally worth the price and there is no waiting in lines and you meet interesting people from all over the world.
We going back this June for my bday weekend and plan on booking with Sin City for us abd some of our friends!

Woooooooooooooo!!!!
Turn Down For What!!!!
May 10, 2014 (Saturday) My girlfriend and I decided to take a chance on Sin City Club Crawl and we were NOT disappointed.
The meet up at the Rock Bar in Planet Hollywood was great, we got to see the other "crawlers" and who would be fun to ride with.
There was an extended (long bus) and a double decker bus, we rode on the extended bus and had a great time.
Between the group of great looking guys all dressed in suits to the older white guy swirling on the pool it was an awesome time.
Each club was rocking and the drinks on the bus flowed freely!
We wish we would have booked the crawl for two nights but next trip in September, I will be booking my entire group for the crawl.
Do it!
Do it!
Do it!
You won't regret it!!!!
Thanks SinCityClub Crawl for the amazing time!!!!!

paid $89.00 per ticket to walk, two of the four placed we went to didn't even have a cover charge to begin with.
KOI is so small, everyone was crammed.
We didn't get into The Bank, and this was the club everyone was looking forward to because they were not allowing club crawlers.
Has fun tho!

This is my third time doing a club crawl but first time using sin city club crawls and they are definitely the best!
I had gone on a crawl Thursday 5/15/14 and had an awesome time.
Unfortunately I don't remember our hosts names but they were both super friendly and did a great job leading the group.
Super smooth time going from club to club and so much fun on the DOUBLE DECKER party bus!!
Compared to other companies I've used this one is by far the nicest and most organized.
There is another company out there that advertises as the cheapest but if you use the Yelp promo code from here they are the same price and Sin City is definitely the way to go!
Also, we had gone to clubs that were actually somewhat newer to the newest one (Hakasaan) which is pretty much unlikely on other crawls as they tend to take you to the clubs that have been there for around for a while.
You meet at a lounge/typical bar place and receive one well drink and get to meet others doing the crawl.
You then head to the bus and receive what seems like a cranberry vodka mix for the bus ride, as many as you'd like, on your way to the next club.
You have set times and places to meet outside of the club to go on to the next one, the hostess also walked around with a specific glow stick indicating it was time to move on.
You do this until you get to the final club which you are then responsible for finding your way home.
You can also stay at any of the clubs you choose.
I've been to vegas several times and always do at least one night of these club crawls because of how convenient and easy it is to see 3 clubs in one night without the hassle, and just a fun time overall because you're with a group of people all in the same mind set.
If you're looking for a club crawl company to use, believe me, this one is it!

This was the highlight of our trip!!!!
I mean for $50 you get some free drinks, a huge party bus, no wait at 3 top notch cubs (like at the classy Aria), and the best part....no cover!!!
If you are looking to have fun in Vegas and explore the club scene...this is hands down the most epic and cost effective way to do it.

I used Sin City Club Crawl during a recent trip to vegas for a Bachelor Party.
They tell you to arrive to the meeting spot at a certain time but you don't leave for a good 1+ hr after.
At least upon check-in, they give you a ticket for a free drink.
We went to three clubs that night: 1Oak, Haze and Pure.
I'm not a huge club goer to begin with so that may be the reason for my low marks.
All the clubs they took us to were packed to near capacity so there was not much room to dance or hang with your friends.
During the bus ride from club to club, the workers kept serving us these cheap red drinks that tasted horrible.
I didn't even finish my first one but at least they were free.
The ride between clubs was actually where I had the most fun because they turned up the music and the other Club Crawl customers provided the entertainment.
For the value, I think it's reasonable because it'll cost you about the same price for ONE high end club in vegas.
Make sure to get the yelp discount because at the full retail price, it's definitely not worth it.

Truthful reviewer, not involved with the company.
A friend of mine booked our group of 6 for this on a Saturday night.
All I have to say is it was absolutely the best night in Vegas I have had.
I usually head to Vegas 3 times a year and nothing compared to this.
You get amazing deals on clubs that are usually 40-50 for entry fee, tasty free drinks on the bus, and you bypass every line if you survive it for all the stops.
I had so much fun that I didn't even survive the final stop.
Definitely a must if you go to Vegas for the night life, they treat you like celebrities and every one of our handlers were extremely professional, courteous, and of course fun.
Shout out to my boy Isaac that was our handler, nicest guy who obviously loves his job.
Will recommend this company to anyone going to Vegas.

Chris & his company is awesome!
I was just there for EDC weekend/my 21st birthday!
We got into three separate clubs with free entrance, free drinks at each club, and endless shots on the party buses!
Took a group of 5 and we met up with a bachelor party on the bus and we partied with them all weekend.
Seriously worth the $$$!
Wish I would have booked another one :)  Thanks guys!
See you in July :)

Don't leave Vegas without doing this here!!!
Don't pay cover!
Don't stand in line!
Don't drive!
Don't pay $$$ for drinks!
Best value, and the most fun you'll have in Vegas!
You'll be talking about it for years!!

I review usually if my experience does not match my fellow yelpers.
Those that complain about clubs common man....that's not what your here to review!!!!
How was the bus, service, value etc!!!
So I'm no novice to Vegas or clubs first off this saves you waiting in line at a club.
Waiting in line sucks!!!!
That's our primary purpose.
Organization was good.
Friendly host easy to find.
Sweet bus!!!
Now the bad.
The "drinks" in the bus taste like a mix of Thai fish sauce and rancid hot cough syrup.
Also the bus was a total sausage fest!!!
Later in the night my sexy wife was having fun on the pole and 2 bachelor party groups had their tongue hanging out.
I mean ok I understand but dude... Come on.
Seriously they need more girls on that bus!!!!.
Some that started dropped off at first or second club.
Positive =sweet bus and no lines Negative = gross drinks and need more girls!!

Fun experience!
We met up at a bar, received some complimentary drinks, and conversated with a lot of cool people before loading onto the bus.
The bus is a party on its own!
There were poles, lights, loud music, and more drinks!
This definitely beats waiting in long lines and paying cover charge for the clubs.
I'm definitely doing this again!

My only con about the pub crawl was the disorganization and the corralling of everyone from bus to club and club to bus.
Other than that, this was a great buy.
Three clubs for $49 with the Yelp code?
Loved it.
Their bus drinks were kinda sketchy but they had the desired effect so who cares?
One thing I think they could improve upon is the availability of coupons or deals for drinks in each club.
$32 for two cranberry vodkas?
No gracias señor.
Happy Pub Crawling!

I got a deal on Groupon and thought it would be neat to try club hopping without a need for a Taxi.
We went on a Thursday night (7/3/14) and were not disappointed.
The ladies that hosted were nice and although they looked a little tired they kept the party going.
I agree with others that the drinks on the bus were shady but didn't taste bad.
The best part was getting to experience three-four nightclubs in one night without paying cover OR waiting in line.
We really enjoyed it and can't wait to do it again!

My husband and I tried Sin City Club Crawl for the first time.
It was our second time in Vegas and the night was an absolute blast!
The hostesses were friendly and cheery all night.
The bus was huge, clean and nice and cool.
Would definitely do it again!

Had a blast!
Went on the crawl for my daughters 21st birthday and everyone had such a good time.
Everyone on the party bus was great and the host and hostess were awesome.
Will definately do it again.

