Val is amazingly AWESOME...I'd heard good things about her from a friend, then I saw her LivingSocial deal.
I paid $82 for a $200 tattoo and I'm so completely satisfied.
Her studio is located inside of Sola Salons.
It's cute, unintimidating, and personal.
I'll definitely be back for more work.

Val is awesome!
Easy to work with, especially being from out of state.
Her minimums are very reasonable and her work is great.
She has many years of experience......wish I would have gone to her first.
She was the 3rd person I had been to for tat's and I would go back to her for more any time.
Check out her website also.
If you're planning on getting a tat in Vegas go see Val.

I've been to a bunch of tattoo artists in my day and Val is by far the best one.
Her work is amazing.
She can help you get an idea out of your head and bring it to life.
Val is very personable and professional and she goes above and beyond for her clients.
Stop reading this and go see her already!

Val is sooooooo great!!!
She is truly awesome to work with, so creative and artistic!
She gets down to work, and doesn't mess around.
She has a gentle hand and is NOT heavy handed at all!
(Which makes a HUGE difference!
)  She's VERY professional and does really nice work!
She is actually the 3rd tattoo artist I've been to, and is BY FAR the most professional one.
I plan on going to her for anything I decide to do and referring anyone who wants a tattoo to go see Val.
I've been dicked around for the last 1.5 years JUST to get a touch up from another artist--but Val took total care of everything for me and made a year and a half long dream come true for me, by creating a tattoo for me that means A LOT, and for fixing my existing one that ALSO means a lot to me.
I am soooo glad I went to her!!
I loved her studio and the other artwork she does and can't wait to go see her again!

I went to see Val again for some more work.
I couldn't be HAPPIER!!!
I finally am starting to LOVE my tattoos--all thanks to Val!!!
She is so just amazing and captured my personality PERFECTLY and the things I love, and seamlessly made them part of my tattoos.
So now they REALLY feel like they reflect ME, which is the best feeling in the world!!!!
She is patient, amazing and a wonderful person.
She really pours her heart and talents into everything she does and it shows!!!
Thank you again and again!!!
Val is the only tattoo artist I will go to from now on.
You have made me a VERY happy customer--FOR LIFE!!!

AMAZING ARTIST!
I first heard about Val on groupon and forgot to buy the deal.
Kept her in mind for a fix up and was happy I did.
She literally was a breath of fresh air compared to all the tattoo artists you will come in contact with in Las Vegas.
Not to mention her great hourly price for the work she does.
I feel like I went in to get my tattoo fixed up but when I left she gave me a whole new tattoo that I was 100 times more pleased with.
Her atmosphere is so personal and intimate.
One chair and one artist.
We talked about everything and she is absolutely hysterical.
I can't stop raving about her to all of my friends!

I stumbled upon Val through an old hight school friend and we went to get tattoos together.
I couldnt be happier with the results!
I have since gone back for seconds and sent many friends her way.
Everyone has had a great experience and loved the work she did.
Val is great at what she does and knows how to make you feel super comfortable (well as comfortable as you can get with a bunch of needles stabbing you at once!).
Im so glad to have found her and have plans to get more ink soon.
Thanks Val!

She is such a fantastic tattoo artist!!!
She fix a tattoo that I thought was unfixable!

I found Val from a friend who had his art done by her.
Ive wanted a tattoo that represented my passion for fitness but had a tough time finding the right art.
In a very short time she had the perfect creation and placement.
She was easy to schedule with and her shop is easy to find.
She was gentle yet fast and did an amazing job.
I get compliments daily on her work.
Shes a talented artist and it was a fun event.
I highly recommend her!

I did a lot of research about tattoo shops in Vegas and I am so glad I did.
So many people kept talking about a lot of other places, but everywhere else had mixed reviews.
I went to visit Vals place and made an appointment for a cover up tat.
Val did an amazing job and she is passionate about doing it right!
She was very mindful of all the details I wanted and the colors that we used.
So happy with my new ink.

