Love this spot!
We go once week, some times twice!
Awesome spot to just kick back and enjoy an awesome prime rib, and an ice cold draft.
Friendly staff, great bartender!

Keith, Brent and Staff rocked it again last night!!
8 oz Prime rib, cooked to perfection!
Such an awesome place.
: )

This place serves good, seasonal food and has a nice staff.
It's super quiet and the ambiance is nice.
They pay careful attention to detail in both the setting and the food.
If your normal dining out experience consists of Applebees or the like than this place would definitely fit into the special-occasion category.
I had the 8 ounce filet on the grill and it was perfect.

Great steak with very reasonable prices.
I had the filet with prawns and 2 sides for $26 what a great value.
Comes with homemade breads and pesto garlic dip, and bacon corn bread.
The only downside is very small restaurant and you can hear the casino slots ringing during your whole meal.
Will be back soon.

I can't say enough wonderful things about the food quality at this restaurant for the price!
I've had dinner there three times  this week and the filet is simply amazing.
I had my first sample of Cholla Steakhouse 12 years ago and although I don't gamble, I will keep coming back again and again for the filet.
I think I know what dinner is going to be tonight :)

Outstanding steaks, very tasty sides, incredible service and the prices were more than reasonable!
I rate our experience at 100% All four of us agree this is the best dinner we have ever had!
I highly recommend it....we will be back!

Outstanding from the second you walk in!
The service was wonderful, the atmosphere, food and the  prices AMAZING!
we were treated like royalty.
steak dinners and sides, and more sides and more special little treats...  wonderful!
We even received a complimentary happy anniversary creme brule and the end of the night!
most amazing experience!
will definitely return when in the Scottsdale area.

I'm writing this from sitting in the bar so much.
I have eaten here a lot lately.
I always have a great experience when sitting at the bar.
Great service, food, and drinks....the dining room experiences, lets just say not even up to par on there best day...

This a great place for great food.
I had the Elk steak with broccoli and potatoes with a glass of red wine.
The elk was awesome!!!
A definite must the next time you are there.

STOP READING, JUST EAT HERE!
OK, I'd be skeptical too, so here goes:  I went to this restaurant based on earlier Yelp reviews.
It seemed strange to me that a steakhouse buried in a run of the mill casino would be rated so highly but we decided to give it a shot.
We were rewarded big time.
This was the best meal I've had in years, period.
It truly felt like five-star dining, from food quality to food quantity to atmosphere to service to value.
We ordered the porterhouse for two for $59.
It also came with clams/mussels, salad and four accompaniments.
SPOILER ALERT:  There were a few amazing touches that really made the experience.
After we ordered, we were brought a small sample of filet mignon to what our appetites.
It was absurdly tender and flavorful, and came with an unbelievable porcini mushroom sauce.
Later, there was a mango sorbet intermezze.
The coup de gras was that they actually cut the steak for us into small strips (about 1 inch by 3 inches), picking the bones almost totally clean!
Finally, even though we didn't order dessert (no room!
), we were brought delicious cubes of espresso chocolate.
Oh yeah, unlike most restaurants that gouge for little things like sodas and substitutions (if they even permit them), we were charged $1!
for soda with unlimited refills, and nothing for a substitution of a salad that cost $1 more.
This is that rare restaurant that truly understands customer service, and strives to provide not just a nice meal, but an "experience".

Well worth it!!!
My new favorite steak house.
It was a very good ecperience.
Calling ahead for reservations is a

Lisa D  I had out-of-town company and needed a restaurant that was a midway point between North Phoenix and Mesa.
I have been to Casino Arizona many times to dance in their lounge  So I was very surprised to find a 5 star restaurant at their location,  Well I have to tell you what a wonderful find.
The food was AMAZING, the service superb and the level of detail so refreshing.
The wonderful little goodies in-between courses was such a nice touch.
Four of us had chateaubriand (mine was rare the other was medium rare) and it was the best steak I have ever eaten.
Now I am a bonafide foodie - big time.
My husband and I are going back often.
But I tell you you better make reservations because this is not a large restaurant and with food this good at an unbelievably reasonable price it is packed.

I have no complaints about anything here except that I almost ate too much of the awesome bread before the real food arrived.
The chateaubriand was cooked perfectly and the sides were very adequately portioned.
In fact, there was too large a portion of the garlic mashed potatoes for me to finish.
I highly recommend this place.

My ribeye and my wife's filet were excellent.
Great prices too, we each got a drink and the bill was $60.

My husband took me here for our 5th Anniversary and we were speechless.
Gourmet meal from start to finish!
The specialty breads, sorbet, sides & chocolates were delicious additions to the chorizo stuffed dates, which were delectable, the strip, which was perfection, and the delightful creme brule with fresh berries.
This chef is world class and the service was top notch.

I went here last night with my girlfriend when we were looking for a nice place to eat a upscale meal, and we were not disappointed.
Not in the least.
The meal was fantastic and the price was beyond fair.
I felt almost criminal leaving there only paying what I did for the food and service!

This place is so worth your money!
They give you a lot of little appetizers before your meal arrives, for example pate w cheese and crackers, bread with really yummy pesto, and a sorbet to cleanse your pallet before your steak arrives.
We got the rib eye and filet mignon, both were cooked perfectly to what we order.
I'm pretty picky about the way my steak is cooked, medium rare !
Services was a bit slow, seemed understaffed but they were very nice.
Will come back to try more things.

Dinner last night was incredible!
And so reasonably priced.
We started off with a small piece of filet and artichoke, compliments of the chef.
There was a white sauce with a hint of horseradish on top and the meat was delicious.
Then the bread was brought out.
It came with whipped butter and a pesto dip which was so yummy.
There was several different breads: a pepperoni roll, a wheat, and a slice with what I think were sundried tomatoes.
The pepperoni roll was incredible and I am not normally a fan of pepperoni...  For appetizers we ordered the bacon-wrapped dates ($8) and the calamari ($7).
The calamari was nice and crispy and the lemon pepper tartar sauce had a little kick to it.
However, the clear winner of this round was the dates.
They are stuffed with chorizo and a water chestnut, then wrapped in bacon and served with an amazing hoisin dipping sauce.
The water chestnut added just the right amount of crunch and the dipping sauce was fantastic.
These are a must-order!
Next, the bowl of seafood bisque ($7) I ordered came out.
The manager warned me that it was a big bowl of soup but the size still surprised me!
It was probably the best seafood bisque I have ever tasted, loaded with chunks of shrimp, scallop and crab that I could actually identify, unlike some that I have ordered in the past.
At only $7 it's a steal!
I had to box at least half of it up t leave room for my entree.
Next came a mini martini glass with a small scoop of orange sherbet to cleanse our palettes.
I am normally more of an ice cream fan, but this was some of the best sherbet ever!
I found myself wishing the scoop was just a little big bigger :)  The entrees were brought next.
I ordered the filet with prawns ($26) and my friend got the lamb ($22).
My filet was cooked perfectly rare and the bearnaise on top was to die for.
The prawns sat on some tomato lime coulis which was great.
My friend let  me try a piece of lamb and it too was cooked perfectly to medium rare.
It had just the right amount of fat in the cut of meat.
Our sides included broccolini (also cooked perfectly), au gratin potatoes (yummy), creamed spinach (not as creamy as I am used to but the crunchy topping really elevated it), and lobster mashed potatoes (with chunks of delicious lobster in nearly every bite, $7 upcharge).
At this point I was too stuffed to eat anymore, but my friend ordered the dessert special, a baklava cheesecake ($7).
The round cheesecake had the sweet honey glaze on it and crunchy filo and nuts piled on top.
I only managed one bite but the contrast of the cheesecake with the crunchy filo was amazing!
Finally, we were brought two small chocolate espresso cubes to finish up.
I ate a bit of one and it was creamy and delicious.
All the food we were served was soo delicious and the best part was the price: Just over $100 WITH TIP.
I mean, we basically had an eight course meal for two people, so that is an incredible deal.
Plus I was so impressed with the quality of the food.
The filet was one of the best I have ever had, the seafood bisque was absolutely loaded with seafood, and I will dream about those dates until I can go back.
This is a great gem of a restaurant.

We had dinner at Cholla Steakhouse last night and we were pleasantly surprised how good it was.
The wine and food were terrific.
The prices are very reasonable.
The service is good, atmosphere is classy and cozy.
You can leave the smoke and noise of the casino and enjoy a great dinner.

Gem inside of a casino az ... Wow ambiance , service of top notch restaurant and price unbeatable .
Fillet was amazingly tender, taste like $50 steak instead of $22 with 2 amazing sides.
I don't want to share because place is small, roomy but they only put couple tables in so privacy, great place for a date night you can wow your date :)   They even brought pallet cleanser sorbet.
Nice touch :) and even though we had no room for their fantastic looking desert they gave us home made strawberry truffle thing,  awesome !

We don't go out for steak very often because we are invariably disappointed.
Nice surprise at Cholla, great steaks and excellent staff.
No big deal walking through the crappy casino.
Prices were more than reasonable, especially if you are a wine drinker.

Shut the front door are you kidding me....  What a gem I was so surprised.
I have seen this place on Yelp before not sure why I didn't try it.
A co worker was in town and he was try to fine a reasonable steak house "Bulls Eye".
The surrounding casino is small and compared to most I've been in here in Arizona not bad.
The space it's self is small / cozy i think only 16 or so tables.
From the time you were greeted until the final note I felt I was in a high end steak house.
I won't repeat all the great things from the little taste of steak, great bread and just great service, I'll focus on the items I thought were top rate.
Think of this place as a outlet steak house, same great food at a high discount.
The New York Strip with 2 sides included for $21 would have been easily twice that even in a mid range place, plus they would have charged for the sides !!!
The thing that really impress was the wine price.
I ordered a BV blend for 45.00, and when the waiter brought out a BV Tapestry I told him that had to be the wrong one.
We'll he doubled check and it was the replacement for the one on the current list, my comment "Sold".
In any store retail is around what they were charging in the restaurant, so whole sale price still a very small margin for one of my favorite wines.
All in all a diamond in the rough, high quality low price incredible service, and attention to detail.
You have to try this place you will not be disappointed..

One of the best deals and food in the Scottsdale area,  we were not really sure about being located in the casino, the good thing is parking was easy and plenty of open spaces.
Walking through the casino smelled of lots of smoke and the sounds of slot machines,  as soon as we walked into Cholla, no more smoke it was a top notch steak house with a great ventilation system hard to believe a casino was only a few feet away.
We had a party of 18 people with some kids they did a great job of balancing the adults and kids.
The food was great, I had a tenderloin with veggies and a wedge salad.
The salad had great chunks of blue cheese and bacon.
The steak was cooked perfect and very big for the price $22  Good bread and a pesto sauce to dip in.
You could pay more but not really get more than Cholla, it is small and comfortable so you may need reservations.
Enjoy...

If you don't want to have your mind blown because the best piece of meat you've ever eaten was at a casino, then don't go here!
Otherwise, prepare to have you mind blown because that piece of meat is only $22!

Hands down, one of the best steakhouses I have ever been to.
Walked in to a 15 minute wait, but they called me on my cell phone when the table was ready.
On the dot 15 minutes.
Sat down and was delighted with a small sample of exquisite Filet Mignon.
It was so good that I ordered exactly that.
Medium came in exactly as wanted.
Deliciously marinated and spiced.
At $22 for a Filet Mignon, I can easily say, it's the best 5-star Filet Mignon under 25 bucks.
Came with two delicious sides- I got broccoli and mashed potatoes.
Best broccoli I have ever had.
Got the crab filled shrimp appetizer and it did not disappoint.
We had Sangria and it was priced well and was delicious.
They also brought out bread during the wait.
Very good experience.
Will come back again.

I was a little thrown off when we walked in at the size of the restaurant, it's MUCH smaller than I was imagining & the tables are pretty close together, not really the most intimate.
Who cares though when you can get amazing food at such an affordable price?!
Our server brought out a few different types of bread to begin with as well as compliments of the chef which was filet with horseradish sauce.
Next was our palate cleanser & then out came our food.
Hubby ordered NY strip medium rare with garlic mashed & asparagus, I ordered the filet medium rare with porcini mushroom sauce, garlic mash & asparagus.
My filet was HUGE!
Super tender & very flavorful, the sauce was out of this world, I even needed another side halfway through my steak, don't judge me...since it was our anniversary they brought out some creme brûlée with berries.
All this for a grand total of...$43.
Yep.
Crazy cheap.

Hey Yall....Lord have mercy on my greedy butt!!!!!
Okay 1st off this joint is located in a stinky azz casino....but when has SMOKE or LURKING BUMS ever stopped me...Ha Ha Ha...i laugh in the face of danger for good food.
This place here is quite an EXPERIENCE.
I can't believe that they don't have more reviews...to be honest it's sad that they don't.
Well was greeted like Royalty and Promptly Seated...my server Linda was great and knowledgeable of the menu....i had Filet Mignon with Proccini Mushroom sauce, Au Gratin Potatoes, and Broccolini....NO SEASONING REQUIRED....now about the experience: while you're reviewing: the menu another server comes out with a bite size pieces of ribeye steak possibly medium rare with a .
bernaise sauce, the same server Romero comes out again with a basket of bread sourdough and pepperoni bread for your spreass you have pesto and butter pluse a mini skillet of cornbread, while you're finishing up your breads they then come out with a ice lemon treat to cleanse your palate right before your main course comes out....i also tried the Creme Brulee on the manager.
As I write this Linda then brings me out a Raspberry treat....send yes Hunty I have pictures of it all!!!!
This is a treat that you should not miss out on.

Best dinner I've ever had in the Phoenix area!
It's my new favorite restaurant and we will be back a lot!
Service was great and the food was absolutely amazing!
We went for my birthday and got a free prickley pear cheesecake.
There was so many little surprises throughout dinner like a sample of filet mignon, lemon sorbet, tasty bread, delicious cornbread  and raspberry chocolate.
We would have easily paid twice the amount for this dinner.
It's a great affordable, romantic and awesome place to eat dinner!

What a wonderful find.
The food was great and the price very reasonable for what it was.
Four people with bottle of wine and dessert and coffee $147.
The ambiance was elegant but not overbearing.
Our waiter, Santiago, was very friendly and helpful.
All in all a very nice experience.

We went to this restaurant the other night, for my wife's birthday.
We both really enjoyed our meal, from start to finish.
It's a very small place, inside the Casino Arizona.
Once inside the restaurant, you would have no clue there is a casino outside their door.
No smoke smell or casino noise.
A very nice bread basket was delivered to our table.
It has soft patties of butter as well as  pesto flavored olive oil.
Great presentation!
They brought over two small pieces of tenderloin with a side of horse radish sause, for us to try.
That was exceptional & we didn't even ask for it.
How nice is that?
They bring you a little scoop of lemons sorbet, to cleanse your pallet, before your meal.
That was an unexpected pleasure and again, no charge.
Very nice touch!
I had the Steak & Mushroom soup.
It had diced angus beef and Portobello & crimini mushrooms, in a cabernet brown broth.
It was excellent and it was a meal in it self.
The price was only $7.
My wife had the Caesar salad and she said it was excellent.
Both portions were very generous in size.
Next came our main course.
We split a Chateaubriand for two.
The char-grilled tenderloin came sliced with a side of Aujus & Béarnaise.
It was cooked perfectly and it tasted great.
Price was $39.
Our sides were Lobster mashed potatoes and au-gratin potatoes.
Both were excellent.
Price was included with our main course.
Service was not at all rushed.
Our young waitress wasn't very talkative and she did start to clear my plate while my wife was still eating.
A little more training and she will be just fine.
Dinner was so filling, we didn't have room for dessert.
They did sound great, maybe next time.
Our bill was extremely fair & reasonable.
I already recommended this restaurant to two couples we know.
Don't let the casino atmosphere deter you from this nice affordable restaurant.
It's small, might seat 50 or 60 people, so call ahead and make a reservation, like we did.
My return factor is 85%

Cholla Steakhouse really is, as so many others have already said, a true "hidden gem" of the Phoenix Valley!
The staff is so friendly and accommodating, every single item of the menu incredibly delicious, and not to mention probably the best value for your money that you will find at steakhouses around the valley!
The bartender is the nicest I have met in Phoenix, and his homemade watermelon vodka martini was fabulous!
To top it all off, they even included free dessert (a perfectly made creme brulee) for my birthday; what a thoughtful, nice surprise to end my special day!
We will definitely be returning and recommending Cholla Steakhouse as a "must try" restaurant of Phoenix.
: )

We were visiting from Seattle and decided to go to this steakhouse based on the Yelp reviews, and it did not disappoint!
The service, the food, and the wine were outstanding.
The staff was such a pleasure to interact with and they were very attentive to our every need.
I highly recommend this steakhouse.

Words cannot express how much I love this place.
It is definitely my favorite steakhouse I've ever been to, and not even just in Phoenix.
Such reasonable prices, and the tasting spoon, bread basket and pallete cleanser that comes before your entree is phenomenal.
The intro alone to your meal is worth 4 stars.
Bread:There is a variety of breads, including one with bacon swirled into the bread, and amazing mini jalapeno-cornbread skillets.
It is to die for.
The bread also comes with a pesto dipping sauce.
The tasting spoon (don't know what to call it lol): Every night, the chef prepares a one-bite tasting spoon--my favorite was a bite of filet mignon with bleu cheese crumble over some arugula.
Pallete Cleanser: Lemon Sherbert!
So refreshing and delightful!
And then the entrees.
I have had Lamb and Filet, and they have always been perfectly cooked.
Their mushroom sauce is amazing.
Everything my husband and his family gets always looks amazing as well--I don't think they can do anything wrong!
We also always get the Sweet Corn Casserole!
It's one of the prime sides for $5 and it's large enough that I always have leftovers for another meal the next day.
It is so delicious -- crunch, sweet, creamy -- and tastes just as good the next day.
The entrees range between $20-$30 for their steaks, which is on par or cheaper than other steak houses.
But what you get for the money is way more worth it.
The same entree at Monti's is $40+, and I don't enjoy it nearly as much!
All in all, I cannot tell you how much I love this place.
I love it so much I'm always waiting for the next holiday so I can suggest Cholla's as a place to eat :P

Came to chollas on a business trip.
The ribeye was very good and the price can't be beat at 20 bucks.
The chef brought samples of other dishes and complimentary apps and dessert as well.
Highly recommend.

Had dinner last night at Cholla and it was amazing.
Our server Linda was the best ever.
The food was the best I have had in a long time, the steak was done perfectly and the salmon was amazing.
We have been to Cholla a couple of times and each time the experience is outstanding.
Best place in the valley for a great meal.

This was by far one of the best dining experiences I've ever had at a steakhouse!
You get welcomed right when you step in,  seated and order taken promptly, and the entire staff make sure they check in on you to ensure you're comfortable.
I ordered a seafood bisque,  ribeye steak medium rare,  lobster mashed potatoes,  and creamed corn casserole.
Prior to getting your meal,  they give you a hot hand towel and a complementary variety bread basket.
The bacon cornbread is individually made and paired with their jalapeño pesto dipping sauce was OMG.
I dislike cornbread, so if I loved it then it is pretty damn good!
The seafood bisque was full of shrimp, scallops, and real pieces of crab which was surprising for the price.
The steak was cooked as ordered and it was so tender and soft!
The lobster mashed potato had real lobster pieces liberally placed within.
The creamed corn casserole had a corn bread crust and bell peppers to give the corn an extra pop of taste.
The one thing I was sad about was being so stuffed that I ended up packing most of my meal to go!
This is Ruth Chris type of fine dining at Outback Steakhouse prices.
If I visit the Phoenix area again,  I will definitely make sure I go back here!

Honestly the food was amazing and the service was even better!

Awesome food and service.
Not what I expected being inside a casino and very happy we went.

Our family went to this restaurant specifically because of the Yelp review and were VERY pleasantly confirmed on our desire for a moderately priced steakhouse.
There were 5 of us and we all ordered steaks of all kinds and each was impeccably seared and flavored.
All the little touches of great service and special touches was great !
They brought out sample nuggets of filet mignon, specialty breads and little nuggets of lemon sorbet to start, then after the fabulous dinner brought scrumptious little nuggets of raspberry chocolate dessert, all complementary touches that were very classy.
One of the best features was how quiet the restaurant was, we were able to hear each other, a lot of steakhouses are crowded and noisy making the experience more about the food and not the conversation.
This was a wonderful experience !

We had a wonderful time!
Took a group of 8 of us out to celebrate my birthday!!
Small restaurant tucked in the back of the casino.
Arrived and were seated promptly, our table was ready and waiting for us.
Make a reservation!
It's a small place, and you don't want to miss this opportunity!
We ordered and the yummy parade began!
Got our drinks, which were constantly refilled.
Next received a warm hand towel to wash our hands, then a small taste of the filet-to whet our appetites.
The bread was warm and delicious, and the pesto sauce was yummy!
The little cornbread skillet was also tasty.
Enjoyed my salad next-the steak one.
This could have been my meal!
So good, and big too!
My husband got the crab stuffed prawns which he wouldn't share ;)-so that tells you how good that was!
Then we got a delicious lemon sorbet to cleanse our palettes.
By the time my ribeye arrived (which was enormous, btw!
) I was nearly full!!
It was tasty smothered in a yummy mushroom sauce, but I couldn't finish it.
The baked potato and brocolli were also good.
Husband's new your strip was also fabulous-and a more reasonable 12oz size.
My friends filet was about 6oz and would have been plenty for me.
Everyone raved about their steaks and sides.
They finished off my meal with a complimentary crime brûlée with candle.
Very yummy and kind of them!
The check came with a raspberry truffle that received mixed reviews from our group.
The bill was very reasonable for the quality, flavor, service and experience we all enjoyed.
Thank you!
Can't wait to come back again soon!

I was curious to find out if the Yelp reviews were true.
They were.
This place was a great and affordable steakhouse.
For the quality food that you get and the excellent customer service, you can't beat it.
Our waitress was Linda and she did an amazing job.
You get a variety of bread for free with your meal and we even received cornbread as well.
Then they brought out a sample of steak and they brought a sample of raspberry sorbet shortly after that.
I ordered the filet mignon with a baked potato and asparagus and my date ordered the ribeye with a baked potato and carrots.
Everything was delicious and cooked correctly.
However, I plan to order a ribeye or strip next time because the filet mignon didn't fill me up enough.
This place is very nice on the inside and I highly recommend checking it out.
With our meals and two drinks, our bill was $48 and some change!
Not bad at all!

This place is AMAZING!
Had the seafood bisque and it is just perfect!
My party had burgers and loved them!
No one spoke as everyone was too busy eating, just absolutely delicious.
The restaurant seems to be a little small, but they definitely make the most out of their space.
The artwork isn't too much and there's a nice view of the chefs in the kitchen.
Definitely a great, intimate setting!

This place is beyond incredible.
I took my wife here for our anniversary, we got 2 amazing steaks!
Great price and we will definitely be returning.
Yum, yum, yum!

After reading all 5 reviews, I had to try it.
The food was awesome at reasonable price.
Good service, Ruth Chris prime quality meat at half the cost.
Will be back for sure.
We got the chateu filet for two with mashed potatoes, carrots and broccolli.
All items wre good and we both loved the mashed potatoes over the gratin.

I took my dad here for his 60th birthday and I have to say that the food was amazing (try the elk, it was so tender)  and the service was what put it over the top.
Everyone there from the hostess, to the waiter, to server, and even the bus boy was so attentive.
I will be coming back for another special event in the future.

My wife and I ate here about two weeks ago and we totally agree with most of the reviews.
We were seated immediately and the waitress promptly took our drink order.
The manager presented each of us a small bite of the filet with a bit of bleu cheese dressing and some herbs.
I'm not a fan of bleu cheese but it was delicious.
For starters, my wife ordered the crab-stuffed shrimp; I had the caesar salad.
The shrimp was excellent, the salad was just a touch on the acidic side.
The bread basket contained three types of bread - one with some bacon inside (what's not to like about bacon!!!
) accompanied by a plate of butter and some pesto dipping sauce - also very good.
Before our entrees arrived, the waitress served a sorbet "palate cleanser" - very nice touch.
We both ordered filet for the entrees and they were cooked perfectly.
We also had potatoes and veggies; the potatoes were good - the veggies were great.
For dessert, we split the creme brulee (one order was enough for both of us) which came with strawberries, red raspberries and blackberries.
Other than the VERY MINOR salad error, we enjoyed ourselves thoroughly.
The prices were about half of what Donovan's and the Capital Grille (two of our favorite steak places) charge.
We will definitely be back!!

Not sure what we enjoyed more, the food or the service!
Linda and Joy made my wife's birthday extremely special (besides making me look like a sweet genius for making the reservation).
The Chateaubriand was so tender I'm not sure a steak knife was needed.
And the Lobster mashed potatoes are a MUST.
Such a great experience - you can see why it's earned a 5 STAR RATING.

Wow!
I had dinner here with my wife on Saturday the 21st before going to a show there at the Casino Arizona showroom.
The restaurant was busy but the staff got us in quickly and were very attentive.
I have eaten here a number of times and have never been disappointed and this time was no exception.
Despite being busy, dinner was served in a timely manner.
The meal was everything you would expect from a top rated restaurant.
Our server, Santiago, was on top on things and made us feel like we were the only party in the room.
Joy the manager came to check on us, not once, but a few times to see that we were being taken care of.
If you are planning a special dinner this is the place!

Don't go...horrible place.
Bad!.
Oh, did I give it a 4?
Must have been a mistake.
I'm going to go back in a few weeks and give you a more thorough review.
May have to go again in August.
just to keep you up to date on this horrible place.
But a true, honest criticism...there is NO non-smoking area in this entire casino.
Not even in Cholla's lovely bar area.
I guess that's where I meant to award the 1 star.
The waitstaff could use a bit of training - this restaurant truly wants to be a 5 star, and almost makes it...just train the employees a bit more to 5 star service.
We had Chateaubriand...not nearly as tasty and tender as I expected, but still excellent and an excellent price.
And done just to our order.
Asparagus was wonderful - wish I had ordered a double helping.
The au gratin potatoes were a huge disappointment....need to get the cheese into the layers, not just on top.
The creamed spinach was wonderful as was the bread - especially the cornbread.
(Next time, I ask for extra).
And the seafood bisque was wonderful!!
All in all, a fine experience.
I just hope they can make a few improvements and I'll be happy to give them another star!
And get the damn cigarettes out of the bar!

Wow!
I am amazed this place got 5 stars from so many people & feel duped & disappointed that 5 of us celebrated my husband's birthday there.
Someone wrote it was like Mastro's with outback prices.
Obviously they have never been to Mastro's.
First, you have to walk thru the smokey casino to get to the restaurant.
The set up borders on diner with the exposed kitchen & extremely noisy bussing area, but then they throw in linen table cloths like its fine dining.
Pick one- noisy bistro or quiet dining.
The web site says dressy attire so we dressed up.
Then it turns out we were dressed better than the hostess & many of the other patrons had on shorts & Capri pants.
Again, choose what you are going to be & stick with it.
We dressed for Ruth Chris not Sizzler.
Food was up and down.
We liked the calamari & stuffed dates.
The Caesar salad & bisque were good too as was the bread service.
Again, another  identity crisis-  a warm towel service & amuse Bouche of meat & a sherbet (not sorbet) palate cleanser yet they didn't bring plates for the appetizers so we ended up using  our bread plates, which got all sticky & dirty & were never cleared.
Steaks were fine but skip the gloppy mushroom sauce.
Sides were ok but not wonderful.
Dessert was a catastrophe.
The brought out creme brûlée which was not torched because "the torch wasn't working".
Fine, then don't offer it!
The kitchen should never have sent it out.
Plus the custard itself was grainy and goopy.
The royal flush had artificial raspberry glop smeared on the plate & was waxy.
None of us ate more than 2 bites of any of the desserts.
We don't go to casinos because of the smoke smell, which we could smell in the restaurant.
Talk all you want about their great ventilation system then come smell my dress.
You also had to exit the restaurant & go into the casino to use the restroom.
We all agreed we would never go back.
Don't confuse this place with fine dining.
It is not.
It is cheap food & you get what you pay for.

After an amazing drive threw the wilderness starting in Chandler up to Payson then Christopher Creek and a back road to Young and down to Globe we decided we wanted steak.
Had nothing to do with all the cows we saw along the way.
Once again I'm Yelping for beef!
This place had mostly the best reviews.
So we gave it a try.
Now don't get confused with Morton's you are entering a casino.
I read it was "dressy" recommended and someone's comment that it was far from that and given we've been driving for hours with the windows down we were absolutely not dressy.
I figure "casino".... We can go however we please.
And I was right.
We got there at.
4:40 and they don't open until 5:00 so we put out name in the reservation book and walked around for 20 minutes.
They were very friendly and the bus-man was super friendly.
Linda was our waitress too and she was very welcoming.
We both had New York strip, baked potato and asparagus.
In addition we ordered creamed spinach.
My only complaint was medium rare came medium.
My husband did not like the basaltic onions on his steak.
He thought they were over powering.
I liked them.
We had calamari.
I was not thrilled with it but husband liked them.
They tasted like they had cinnamon in the breading.
The price was great and for that four stars.
PS.
Concord Road down Hwy 288.
With a stop at McFadden lookout a must!

This is the real deal!
The filet mignon is super yummy, but you can't miss when you share the Chateaubriand for 2, it is to die for!
Order it medium rare and you're good to go!
Great service, and very accommodating!
But, remember to make a reservation and ask for a booth if that's your preference, they only have 3!
The prices are so good, it's clear that this place is subsidized by the casino!

