A morning of high flying action!
Where to begin?!
So travelled down to Maricopa on a Groupon.
Not really sure what to expect as you pull up to a small hanger near the local airfield.
Started small talk with the other people waiting until our instructor Mo showed up.
First thing out of his van was beautiful happy golden retriever named Rosa.
She just helped set the mood for the rest of the morning.
Mo was very friendly and informative.
He was very quick with getting all the paperwork out of the way so we could get straight to the action.
So easy to sign your life away on a waiver, right?!
Continued out to the airstrip to watch Mo get all the equipment set as we sat around with intros and watching Rosa's energy.
Quick set of safety instructions and the first person strapped in and was off the ground in minutes.
Not that a dog should be the highlight of the flying experience, but Rosa was so excited to watch help set up and chase you down the airstrip.
I would say she made the entire experience 30% better.
Everyone walked away extremely elated with the experience.
Mo was very professional and just a fun overall person to be around.
We ended up tipping to basically make up the difference of the discounted Groupon.
Well worth the full price of the ride.
(You'll read in all my reviews that I big supporter of local businesses)  Biggest tip...bring a warm jacket and gloves!

Like the reviewer before me, I found this place via Groupon.
Up at the butt crack of dawn in the middle of nowhere we arrived.
Weren't sure what to expect but were excited nonetheless.
Basically it's a 2 seater thing with a giant fan on the back.
Doesn't look very safe but it was a lot of fun.
I don't want to describe it because it's something you should experience yourself.
There was only one working so unfortunately we could only go up up one at a time and if you're the 3rd person that means you just wait for an hour.
Luckily it wasn't blazing hot or else you might be miserable.
it was actually nice and cool and the whole experience was actually very relaxing.
I don't know Id do it twice but its definitely worth doing it once!

