This is a lovely little place.
Deceptively large.
At the front is a little coffee and tea place - with lots of home made cakes on display.
At the back is a great French-style restaurant.
Awesome food, wonderful flavours, and very reasonably priced too.
Love it.

The food is Cafe Marlayne is very good, but the service is a bit patchy.
Not the spot for a quick lunch, but if you're in relaxed mode, you'll be treated very well by the place.
Overall, we said: "the quality of the food was excellent.
My main course was one of the best I've eaten, of late.
However, the service we received wasn't good.
I'm sure the start of the festive season explains this, at least in part, but the venue's split configuration, and their choice to have staff managing service across both parts of the place, doesn't lend itself to good service, as far as we could see.

I popped in here for lunch on my own because I was heading into town.I just sat in the cafe/ bar area at the front to eat, but there's a large, bright and lovely room at the back, all properly set up for food, so I'm really keen to go back and try it properly.
My smoked salmon sandwich was delicious - and enormous.
And cheap!
The staff were lovely too, very friendly and encouraging me to take a look round the whole place.
I'll definitely be back, soon.

This is one of my top restaurants in Edinburgh!
I love the place and can't speak highly enough about it.
Although it classes itself as a French restaurant I wouldn't have said that as they offer a wide range of Scottish dishes and produce.
This ain't a bad thing though as the mix really works.
Although the food is so good that the main dinner menu is well worth every penny, the lunch and pre-theatre menus are absolutely bargains not to be missed!!!
£11.95 for two courses of high quality food and they don't scrimp on the portions either - what are you waiting for???
I've dined here everytime and don't have one bad word to say I'm afraid - oh wait, that's a good thing!
From the top of my head the mussles are delicious, steak juicy and suculent - in fact it is all good!!!
Stop reading, go and reserve a table...

One day in Edinburgh and I've had enough "oh... You have a toddler... We have no tables tonight" to last me a lifetime.
We stopped here on the way to another "family friendly" restaurant and never left.
Deceptively large, with a dining room in back, and we were ushered in warmly and given a large table and a high chair, and no evil looks, either.
Appetizers were the buffalo mozzarella salad and the terrine of rabbit; both were delicious, prompt, and devoured entirely.
Dinner was a ribeye and garlic haricots verts, and pork belly with an unexpectedly delicious mint pesto.
Again, both meals were devoured and thoroughly enjoyed.
A bottle of reasonably priced Malbec was superb with both, and even went well with sticky toffee pudding and hazelnut semifreddo.
Note: The toddler ate off our plates for all but the Malbec and had no complaints about the food, service, or ambiance.
And he certainly didn't object when one of the two servers smiled at him, called him cute, and gave him a lollipop as we prepared to leave.
Dear Edinburgh Restaurants: Take a cue from Cafe Marlayne and don't discount customers just because they have little kids.
Nobody here batted an eye at seating us, serving us, and giving all three of us a fantastic experience.
Cafe Marlayne: We'll be back in a few hours for breakfast.

The food!
That is why I go there - FFFFood.
They offer excellently crafted master pieces for a small price and this to me is their greatest attraction.
It is French (ish) and the savoir faire is certainly there.
The staff is knowledgable and very friendly.
They go out of the way to ensure you are comfertable.
I was also pleasantly surprised they had a £28 Champagne on the list - which was soon on our table - avec our stewed beef and roasted quail, French Fries and mayonaisse.
If you want the starter as a maincourse you can always ask for a bigger portion FYI.
It was a bit busy but not uncomfertably so for both guests and staff, though they were on the edge but not loosing control.
Highly recommended, but DO book a table if you are more than 2 people though when in the weekend.

Great French style restaurant - food is hearty french, rather then fine dining but portions are huge and even during December, a three course lunch festive menu was a great £16 for three (substantial) courses.
I ate here with three friends and we are all coeliacs.
Staff were knowledgeable and told us to order what we wanted and whatever on the menu would be adapted for us which was great to hear.
Sadly, there wasn't much sampling of the menu as we all wanted the same things!
Starters of a goats cheese salad was lovely - great quality goats cheese, creamy but not too salty.
Our main was venison daube with mash potato (sides included were green beans, broccoli and roasted potatoes).
This was amazing!
An absolutely huge portion of venison (I wish I had photographed it) with the daube including mushrooms and onions.
Lovely and just the ticket on a cold December Saturday.
Sheer gluttony meant we ordered pudding - again we all went for a lemon posset which was creamy and tangy but with a lovely moreish sweetness.
I could only manage half of mine - again, this was a big portion.
I would definitely return to Cafe Marlayne - probably for dinner having starved myself all day so I can do justice to the portions.
If you have a huge appetite, then this is the place for you - great hearty food, big portions and great prices.

cafe marlayne is a true edinburgh gem.
this place serves up simple tasty french bistro food at a reasonable price with a daily changing menu to reflect what is best in season.
so clearly this was a perfect place to have a mother's day lunch for the boyfriend's mom.
and lucky for us they had a table as most other places seemed to be booked out.
i love this branch of cafe marlayne as the front is a cute little cafe type seating.
there's a counter with cakes and a coffee machine and big comfy couches with cosy looking arms chairs as well.
then you walk through to the restaurant and theres loads of light and tables and gorgeous green printed wall paper and a happy buzz of contented diners.
i was impressed that despite it being a cold and rather snowy day out the restaurant was warm and cosy with lots of light.
the menu on mothering sunday was lovely and had too many good options to choose from.
we actually had to send the waiter away twice while we made final decisions.
i decided on the hake with butternut squash puerre and a caper sauce.
i added some mashed potatoes for good measure as well.
the other orders were two sirlion burgers and the toulouse sausage.
dishes took a bit of time to arrive which reassured me that everything was made fresh to order.
although i did have a bit of food envy watching the table across from us getting served their meals.
luckily ours arrived not too long after and i soon had in front of me a lovely plate of pan fried hake atop a lovely puerre of bright orange butternut squash with spinach mixed in and caper sauce.
also a bowl for creamy mashed potatoes that were just delicious i never wanted to finish them!
but the real star of my dish was that butternut squash...it was just OMG....  i feel there may have been loads of butter mixed into it, but it was sooooo incredibly tasty and went incredibly well with the hake.
the whole dish was perfect and i made sure to leave my plate clean.
all our plates were clean in fact and everyone seemed very pleased with their dishes.
since we had forgone the starter in favour of cake after our mains, we then had the taks of deciding which one to get.
there was a board of about 7-8 cakes to chose from!
i went with the white chocolate and pistachio cake which was lovely and not too sweet.
i definitely enjoyed it as i also did the taste of baked lime cheesecake i got.
the meal was ended with a cup of tea that arrived in a massive teapot for two people.
i could have gotten at least three cups out of it which is perfect for me, the more tea the better!!
so another excellent meal at cafe marlayne and i definitely look forward to visiting again.
i love that i've never had the same dish twice and there are always so many delicious options to choose from.
only four stars though as service was a wee bit slow and it took ages to get someone to pay attention to us to get the bill.

Wow, what a well-kept secret and wonderful little eatery.
A glance inside will have you thinking it's simply a café with sumptuous cakes.
It is, but it's also a restaurant serving beautiful, fresh cooked French food at a very reasonable price.
After stopping in one evening for a tea, and tea only, I came back the very next day for lunch.
My French food eating partner in crime and I had a terrine to share, then one hake dish and one sea bass.
The terrine was really beautifully seasoned, and the chutney it came with quite nice (it was the cumin that intrigued me).
My hake was, well, it was simply delicious.
A huge serving: thick, juicy, watery chunks of hake, contrasted with a thin, crispy slice of prosciutto, and both complimented by puréed butternut squash.
The side of fries may have been an overestimation on my part, I barely made a dent in those.
But that hake, for £10.50, was just beautiful.
I didn't have room for the cake that first caught my eye and enticed me in.
I'll save that for an evening this Spring when I want a glass of wine and big slice of bannoffee pie at 8pm.
Because you can get that here.
You can also get a bratwurst hot dog, or fresh made waffles.
There's a front room like a café, outdoor seating, and a big, spacious, light bright restaurant out the back.
Why I haven't been here before, I don't know.
The whole menu looked delicious and I took a long time to decide.
I'll be back soon, that's for sure.
Don't pass it by, despite it's small appearance and little café inside.
There's so much more than meets the eye.

Great little place.
From the outside it looks like a small cafe but they have a decent sized dining room in the back.
The food was great albeit the service was a little slow, though it could that i'm used to the american "fast in, fast out" dining service.
The staff was friendly and the costs were very reasonable for being a busy tourist area.
I definitely recommend going if you are in the area.

Stopped in for a quick breakfast.
I had the scrambled eggs with lox.
It was a fair amount of lox so I'd say it was a good deal.
Sandra's bacon and eggs was good, she really liked the bacon.

I really like this place.
We had brunch here the other day.
The staff are super super nice.
I had the croque Madame.
Omg.
So good.
My dc's ordered the scrambled eggs, which appeared to be runny but apparently tasted quite good, the panini, the eggs Benny....everyone left happy and satisfied!
Yay cafe marlayne!

Cafe Marlayne is one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh.
The food is simple but always tasty and very reasonably priced for what you get.
Don't rely on just the menus they have on their website, as they also have a 'snack' menu on offer which I didn't know about - but which suited me yesterday as I didn't want a big dinner, but did want something to fill up my stomach.
The snack menu consists of items such as omelette, paninis, hawaiian bbq pulled pork panini, croque monsieur / madame etc.
I had a goat cheese, beetroot, walnut and thyme panini.
For drinks, it was a large glass of bubbly (one of those mini bottles of bubbly to ensure you get all the fizz you deserve).
The panini was tasty and the little side salad well dressed.
Mmm..
The star of the show was yet to come.
For dessert I ordered a passionfruit pavlova.
Oh my goodness!
A pavlova so light and fluffy like you were eating manna sent from the heavens above.
The pavlova was absolutely delicious and made me so happy that I almost cried (and almost wanted to marry the chef).
Thank you Cafe Marlayne for the good food you serve - you guys rock!

WHAT?!
I thought...
I thought this place was tiny!
I...
I have to dress up as Thorin now and hug Robyn Z while saying emotionally: "Never have I been so wrong.
" Memetastic.
Basically, behind the cute'n'kooky cafe out front displaying its deeeelicious looking cakes, there is this enormous and beautiful room with elaborate wallpaper, an upright piano, cool art on the walls, candles, lots and lots of tables and space... woah.
I had no idea.
When we arrived, we were offered a couple of options for places to sit, and we (predictably, on such a freezing cold night) elected to sit next to the radiator.
The only slight issue with this was that I had my back to the upright piano, which has a little lip on the lid.
I have this big, big laugh that is basically a "HAAA!
" with my head thrown back, and on one occasion this resulted in my almost needing stitches, but I think I managed to stop the bleeding... ok, exaggeration.
I bumped my head on the corner and said "ow" quietly, is all that happened.
Anyway, the food, folks.
I wasn't too sold on the bread that came while we awaited our mains - the wholemeal seemed a little bitter and dry.
However, when the main event arrived... well, I can't remember the last time the very first mouthful of something made my eyes widen, my heart leap and my voice go "OH!".
I'd ordered the guinea fowl with curly kale and sauteed new potatoes, and that kale and those potatoes were the first thing I tried.
And OH MY.
Flavour explosion.
Amazing!
The guinea fowl was tender and perfectly cooked.
At first, when the plate arrived, I thought there wasn't much on it, but it was the perfect amount.
I had a couple of Robyn's fries that came with her steak, too, and oh my.
Light, crispy, beautifully seasoned... perfection.
Dessert was where the real difficulty lay because the selection was fairly astounding.
We informed the waiter of our indecision and he was so helpful with his recommendations.
"The sticky toffee pudding is the most popular, but in my opinion, is nothing special.
The carrot cake is very good, and the fruit and frangipane tart.
" Right you are, sir!
Carrot cake for Robyn Z, F&F tart for me, and, of course, we partook of one another's desserts... in the name of, er, reviewing completionism.
My tart was warm, which I hadn't expected, and served with mascarpone.
It was utterly delicious, although "fruit" seemed a little vague and I'm not convinced there was much involved beyond apple.
I could be wrong, but that's how it seemed.
Robyn's carrot cake was monumentally huge and really nice, although I'm not sure it necessarily would stand for me in an identity lineup of carrot cakes.
Oh, but to be in a situation where I had to taste an identity lineup of cakes... now I'm in a dream world...

An extremely disappointing visit for me and I won't be back.
This is quite sad for me as this little hidden gem is really beautiful inside, light and airy with tasteful decoration.
I was here with a few work colleagues for lunch and upon arrival, bread and butter was placed on the table.
I asked the waiter if there was any flora or suchlike - his nostrils flared, his mouth pursed as he told me with disgust that there was not.
Fine, but when a customer has explained a lactose allergy then it would be nice to try and accommodate that?
This set the pace for the rest of the meal.
There was almost nothing on the menu that I could eat.
Everyone else dining with me seemed quite happy with their food though so if you have no weird dietary requirements then give it a bash.

