I have been eye balling this place for a couple of years in other cities but never made it.
We happen to stay right across the street from here in Vegas.
They are brand new here... Day 3.
My sister and I were fatigued from mediocre and over priced meals at trendy LV restaurants all weekend.
This place is amazing...
In every aspect!!
The service was attentive and plentiful, but not over the top or insincere.
The food: Amazing..
Enough said!
The salad bar was very high quality...
Nutty parmesan, high quality cure meats (procuitto etc), butter lettuce, lox, variety of quality  cheeses, homemade salads...
I am not a buffet person at all but this salad bar was top notch!!
The meats and sides:  Again top quality and amazing...
I loved all the meats..
Especially the lamb, rib eye, filet and house special...
Seriously amazing.
$44.50 per person... Worth every dime!

Only mediocre compared to Texas de Brazil.
It fell very short on the atmosphere and the salad bar.
Slightly short on the meats.
Couldn't believe we were seated with no reservation so easily....now I know.
Service was overzealous!!
(I guess that's better than inattentive).

Re-born again Fogo virgin reporting at duty:  You know the scene in Rush Hour where Jacky Chan and Chris Tucker walk into the "salon" with the AYCE sea of women....well thats how I felt like at Fogo de Chao except I don't have to feel guilty and I can live to tell you about my full out meat-gasm experience.
First, the salad bar is massive to say the least with smoked salmon, variety of prosciutto, cheeses, salads, and green and white asparagus.
But follow the advice: 1 plate only!
You'll be excited but this is a marathon, not a sprint and you'll wanna save your room for the main event.
Don't punch yourself out like they say in boxing.
When it comes to meats, go with the lamb chops, filet mignon, rib eye, and bacon wrapped filet.
It's easy to wanna grab everything you see but a wise man once told me at a strip club- the key is to scan the room, take everything in, and strategically choose your meats; otherwise you'll be throwing in the towel before you know it.
The meats are well seasoned, delicious, serve how you like it.
If you like it bloody, then they got it rare for you.
The service here is exceptional and this growing brand of Brazil steak dominance is here to stay.
I was a kid in candy store.
My first experience was with Fogo nearly 15 years ago and I'm proud to say I'm a born again Fogo virgin!

I have a new love of my life... her name is Rib Eye.
I'm not sure why her parents named her that but she's really hot.
She's very tender.
And she feels so good to me... puts a smile on my face!
This is getting weird ok...  First of all, I love this place.
Service is outstanding.
Did you know the waiters cook the meat as well??
So back to the rib eye.
I always loved their house top sirloin, the leg of lamb and the lamb chops, and the filet mignon, but I have a new favorite which is the ribeye.
Juicy, sizzling tender pieces.
So great.
Be sure to ask for their house chimichurri sauce.
Salad bar is definitely not the star, but I liked it.
You're here for the meat anyway people, cmon!

I visited Fogo de Chão this week for lunch and it was great.
Salad Bar: You can easily fill up on the salad bar.
Great selection and everything looked fresh.
Meats: The usual meats offered at other Brazilian steakhouses and everything I had was delicious.
I often had to turn my card over so I could work on finishing what was starting to pile up.
Service: Service was great, plenty of attention with drink refills, offering meats, etc.
There was a pretty decent lunch crowd but each time I turned my card over instantly someone was by my table ready to offer more meat.

There are a handful of Brazilian churrascaria restaurants in Las Vegas, and I have tried four of them to date.
After a recent meal at Fogo de Chao, the newest member of Las Vegas' Restaurant Row on E. Flamingo and the latest (possibly the greatest) Brazilian BBQ hot spot to open in Sin City, I am very happy to recommend to all meat lovers living and visiting Las Vegas to make an obligatory pit stop at Fogo de Chao during your stay.
And here are the list of reasons why:  1) The value is unbeatable!
At $44.50 for dinner ($22.50 salad bar only) or the amazing promotional value of just $26.50 during lunch ($19.50 for salad bar only) it will be the best steakhouse meal you can have, without being $7/side to death.
2) The servers are actually the cooks/chefs that prepared the cut of meat they are serving.
They are intimately knowledgeable about the food they serve you, and which part is your desired steak doneness, so you can fully enjoy your food.
3) The salad bar is huge and stocked with top of the line items (giant extra fancy Hearts of Palms, artichoke hearts, a whole wheel of Parmigiano-Reggiano!
), some you perhaps will not even recognized because it is not typically served on a self-served salad bar.
(The salad bar only option is perfect for those that are not too carnivorous).
Although I will say that the salad bar selections are not as extensive as some others in town, which can be viewed positively (more room for meat!
) or negatively (dude, where's the fillers I am used to getting full on at XYZ churrascaria).
4) The wine selection is extensive, and smartly organized in their beautiful display case for speedy access and service.
5) The best chicken (secret is the overnight marinade in brandy, beer and other seasoning) before being rotisserie roasted over hickory fire to perfection.
And this is not even a "chicken" place.
New Zealand Lamb!
Served as whole roasted Leg of Lamb or Racks of Lamb.
7) All steaks served are Angus beef and wet aged, always fresh and never frozen!
8) Multiple private rooms available (all hooked up with A/V setup) for corporate and special occasions functions.
NO DEPOSITS required, charged per person, and is available on a first come first serve basis.
9) Will offer brunch on special holidays, such as Mother's Day.
10) Service is very attentive, drinks are frequently refilled.
Service for the meats can feel somewhat overwhelming at first, but you can always turn over the GO/STOP card until you want more.
Ambiance:  4.5/5  Very spacious and up scale.
Private rooms are stylishly decorated.
Service:  4.5/5  Very friendly and attentive.
If you have any requests, just ask the staff.
Food:  4.5/5  Heaven for BBQ meat and steak lovers.
I can see a lot of lost business opportunities at other steakhouses in Las Vegas, once words spread about Fogo de Chao.
Salad bar is respectable for a steakhouse, and everything is essentially top of the line and fresh, without the steakhouse a la carte price!
Price:  4/5  Dinner              5/5 Lunch  Parking:  4/5  There are self parking spots available, as well as complimentary valet parking.

Excellent Meat, the meat was better than Texas De Brazil  HOWEVER, The salad Bar, I'm not a fan, I would have to give Texas De the vote on that one.
Nothing was labeled so I was unclear on what some of the things were.
The service was impeccable & everyone was very attentive!
Overall, we had a wonderful experience.

Omg...serious meat overload.
This is an insane amount of meat to be eating in one sitting.
My favorite was the pork ribs.
My least favorite item was the lamb, it tasted funny.
I'm just not used to lamb meat, I guess.
The service was great.
The plantains were good.
The salad bar was wonderful.
I should've spent more time there to alleviate the guilt of eating so much meat!
I definitely missed eating a traditional thanksgiving dinner, but this was a nice 'little' adventure.

I had my Thanksgiving dinner here b/c M Buffet had a 5 hour wait .. good thing I did!
My bf never went to Texas de Brazil before so we just went recently and he thought it was good.. but I knew there was better .. and here it is!
The service here was GREAT, although I did knock off one star .. will explain later.
The servers knew the menu and offerings very well.
The salad bar was simple but very good, although some labels would have helped.
The meat selection was amazing, especially the filet, MUCH better than Texas de Brazil.
Now one star was taken off b/c it took about 20-25 minutes for us to get our check.
We asked a server for a dessert menu and instead he had a server recite the menu to us.
She was very knowledgeable of the dessert menu, which was great, but I couldn't remember everything she said, so she gave us a dessert menu and never came back.
Finally after waiting 20 minutes we flagged down a server to get our check and just skip dessert.
I think b/c they all work together and there's no designated server, no one knows to come back and check on tables.
I saw another review saying their sides were replaced promptly, which was not the case for us, as he replaced our sides after our plates were already taken.
But overall food and service was great, I'd still come back again and now I know what dessert I want to try without having to ask for the menu!

I LOVE this place!
5 stars all the way!
But Texas de Brazil is better if I was to choose for dinner option.
Why?
Texas the most amazing Salad Bar of any Buffet in Las Vegas with virtually the same meat.
14 cuts to be exact.
With that being said, the meat at Fogo is a hair tastier.
Minus the hair in it.
All the cuts here are very lightly seasoned as oppose to Texas which heavily salt their meat.
I like my cuts medium-rare so lightly salted tastes better.
Towards the end of the meal when I like it medium well, so the heavily salted-seared pieces are better.
This only works with their Rib-eye here.
In fact, I will only want to eat Rib-eye here.
It's their best cut.
And they sure give generous portions per cut.
So with a poor Salad bar and slightly tastier meat, why a 5 stars?
The lunch time menu!
Everything is the same for 50% off M-F. AMAZING!
If this place was closer to me.
I'd be here once a week!

Hmm Texas de Brazil or Fogo?
That was the question on my brain yesterday morning and I couldn't decide so like a fatty I went to Fogo for lunch and Texas for dinner.
Fogo is good but between the two it is definitely a toss up.
Fogo has the better decor,, service was 5 stars and very attentive, good wine selection, and for some reason I liked their thick forks....i know weird.
But anyway, its all about the food and I think Fogo's salad bar is amazing and has way more vegetables than Texas and their asparagus stalks are huge.
They also have a good selection of cheeses and cold cuts as well but I didn't notice any hot dishes (maybe because it was lunch).
Texas on the other hand had more choices of hot side dishes which is nice but I would much rather have more of a selection of vegetables.
I do have to say I liked Texas meat better than Fogos.
The bacon wrapped chicken at Texas is damn good but for some reason the chicken and some of the sirloins at Fogos were extremely dry.
I didn't even want to finish the rest of my bacon wrapped chicken because it was that dry and I mean damn how are you gonna mess up something with bacon on it?
(noticed i said "didn't want to" oh i still ate it tho ...but begrudgingly) But the rest of the meat: the lamb, the house meat Picanha and the bacon wrapped sirloin, da-yamn!
Yeah I'll be back.

I have frequented the Fogo de Chao in Beverly Hills and was pleasantly surprised to receive a letter from the manager of Beverly Hills to dine at the new Fogo de Chao in LV.
I invited some friends to come along and we had a very enjoyable meal and very comparable to the quality of the Beverly Hills restaurant.
I've been to many brazilian bbqs in LV and in Southern CA and Fogo is definitely on the higher end of quality meats.
They may not have as large a selection as some other places, but their meat quality and light seasoning is definitely better that others.
I was not reaching for water as much as I do compared to other places (like Texas de Brazil) since they over season/salt their meats.
Being a new restaurant, the decor and ambiance was very nice.
The service was great as it appeared they had a lot of staff that was extremely attentive to everything that you needed - whether it be a refill on your drink, a new plate, more meat, or something else from the salad bar.
They also kept bringing refills of the sides - the mashed potatoes and the fried bananas.
Also the cheese bread is one of the best!
My only complaint (if you can even call it that) is that their salad bar is lacking in selection.
The Beverly Hills location definitely has a larger bar with more variety and I know that some of the other restaurants (like Texas de Brazil) have more selection.
However, the place is for meat-eaters, and so perhaps less selection could be a good thing.
Overall, we were all happily stuffed from a very enjoyable meal and will definitely be back for another round soon.

Dined here with family and loved it.
Centrally located with valet or self parking.
The service was amazing and the servers were extraordinarily accommodating.
I wanted tiny tastes of the meats and they obliged without pushing more food on me than I wanted.
The servers were friendly and in the know re the menu options and immediately cleared plates and brought fresh plates.
The sides served on the table were fantastic.
I especially enjoyed the chicken and filet.
Loved that the meats were not heavily sauced or salted.
Everything on the salad bar was fantastic - the smoked salmon, hearts of palm, sun dried tomatoes, asparagus , cucumber salad, artichoke hearts and cheeses were standouts for me.
Some  reviews I'm seeing favor other Brazilian steakhouse salad bars over Fogo's, but I loved Fogo's due to the variety of healthful options.
After all, if I"m going to go a bit protein crazy for my entree, having some fresh vegetables not dripping in oil or sauce is a good thing!
That being said, the crispy polenta served as a side was outstanding and the rolls on the table were fabulous.
(Bread has to be really "worth it" to me to spend the calorie real estate -- these were!
) I was impressed by the wine selection and the by the bottle, half bottle or by the glass options.
We had no stomach real estate room but the in-house-made desserts certainly seemed appealing -- many options.
I love the fact that they have a lunch option as well that is quite affordable.
I left my meal feeling content and not feeling sick or stuffed.
And the scale didn't show damage the next day, either.
Kudos to Fogo!

I came here recently for a Yelp event and I thought the food was amazing!
The salad bar is a little smaller than some places but I was fine with the side of mash potatoes for my meats.
Meat and potatoes go great together and this left me with more room for their addicting cheesy rolls!
The meat is so tender and flavorful here!
This is why I prefer Fogo de Chao over their competitors.
I tried their beef, lamb, sausage and even chicken.
Typically at these places I will skip over the chicken but I would suggest trying their chicken ...it has a great flavor to it!
I love that the meats were succulent and not tough or gamey tasting.
I also  think they have stellar customer service here.
The wait staff always comes by to make sure you are doing okay.
My husband asked for some well done beef and two people came out with it!
It's wonderful thing because in some places it's a struggle to even get your water refilled!
The decor and presentation of Fogo de Chao is very welcoming .
They even have the name of their restaurant engraved on their cutlery .
When they pay this much attention to detail it tells me that they not only care about the quality of the food but also of the experience they are providing to their patrons.

best rodizio brasileriro, not even in Brazil I had it this good.
Every meat is perfect full of flavor especially my personal favorite, the picanha.
Even the buffet, while being not overwhelming has big and juicy veggies, prosciutto and a whole parmigiano reggiano cheese for you to dig!
I never once had dessert with rodizio but at Fogo I had to try a dessert that I only had in brazil crema de mamao (spelling not sure) which is papaya blended with ice cream and some brazilan liquor in it, really good.
The place was super packed and I can see why meats and service were top notch I will definitely be back soon.
It is unfortunate for via brasil (which used to be my fav in town) and texas (not that great anyway) I will never go anywhere else for a brazilian meat feast.
There is no comparison for the quality and the taste of the meat, while pretty much you get the same variety everywhere.

First off I have to preface this review with I'm not a huge meat eater, so why did I come here you ask?
Work Xmas party, and I've heard a lot of buzz on this place, so I thought I'd give it a try.
I was going to just get the salad bar at first, but at $22 a person, I might as well try the entire experience for $45.
I wasn't impressed with the salad bar, I think I've had a better selection at Sweet Tomatoes, so that was a letdown.
Then the meat started coming, and it was like meat overload.
Nothing really was spectacular, honestly the only piece of meat I liked was the lamb.
The best part of my experience here was the 3 caipirinhas.
For dinner and 3 cocktails, my bill was $110.
Really?
Not a chance I would ever go back and spend that again, for that kind of money I will go to a restaurant on the strip.
I gave one star for service, they were on top of it.
And another star for the food not being bad.
Guess this place just wasn't my thing.

Best service, best food I have ever had.
The salad bar was super high quality and the Brazilian meat was an absolute dream.
Their house special meat was best of the best!

Just in case you fell off the turnip truck....  Rodizio Brasileriro are all about meat.
SO if you don't like meat and you give the place two stars; you're dumb.
The salad bar was fresh and had interesting selections.
They didn't have bacon bits.
They had strips of bacon.
I thought that was cool.
The asparagus was perfect.
Now about the meat!
Beef Ancho (Rib Eye) was the best.
It was tender and flavorful.
I literally cut it with my fork.
most of the cuts were prepared more than one way.
We usually say "no chicken!
" When we go to rodizios but the bacon wrapped chicken smelled so go; I had to try it.
Part of the experience is the smell.
There is just something about the smell of open fire and roasting meat that appeals to me on an emotional level.
They also have an impressive wine selection and the wait staff was top notch.
(vegans... go away!
you ruin everything!

I'm a vegetarian and this is my favorite restaurant.
Best salad bar in the world and amazing service.
I'm used to the swanky Philly location.
Las Vegas was a bit more "down to earth" (go figure) but the service was just as spectacular.
Loved it!

For $50 a person service cannot get any better.
The experience was incredible..there was never a second where I had to wait around for my drink or bread, as soon as the staff sees you're 1/3 of the way done with something, boom!
they bring you more.
The food was great!
The salad bar is maintained fresh by having a staff member watching over it and refilling the trays whenever they start looking empty or unappealing.
The staff in the front of the restaurant are really nice and make you feel comfortable from the get go.
If you think it's a little pricey, just try it once for the great experience that they offer you!!
It's worth it!!!!

You like meat?
You came to the right place.
15 different cuts of meat.
All of them are really good.
Each one is cooked perfectly, the servers even ask which part you'd like and they'll slice off a piece for you.
Filet mignon is outstanding.
But my favorite was the rib eye.
The salad bar seemed average, but it's good enough for a prelude to the meat extravaganza.
The servers were nice and our waitress was really engaging and not in a fake way either.
Would come back here for special events.
It's on the pricier side but that's what you do for special events.
I wouldn't eat here everyday, my cardiologist would be disappointed and I don't have a cardiologist.

This place has a very good selection of meat.
From rib eye, fillet, fillet wrapped with bacon, tenderloin, lamb, lamb chop, pork rib and many more that I missed.
I wish I could have all of the servers line up in front of me and let me choose the meat right from the beginning.
Because I feel like it's kind of hard to catch all of them.
If you are a meat lover, you really can't go wrong with this place.
All of the meat are perfectly cook, maybe 1 out 10 is a little overcook, but mostly they do a pretty good job.
The seasoning, nothing fancy is just kosher salt and pepper.
They believe, that's the best way to bring out the most flavor of a good piece of meat.
I disagree with some reviewer that say the meat are lightly seasoned.
When I was there, some of the meats are too salty.
I think it will be depends on the the chef that works that day.
Salad bar, I really wish I can have a soup from the salad bar.
For me that's a big letdown.
I love the lobster bisque at Texas de Brazil.
I could have 3-4 cups of them.
Fogo doesn't even have any soup.
Because of that, I would have to take away one star.
Service and atmosphere are top notch.
Price is kind of high.
But it's understandable, considering that the location is kind of close to the strip.
Just be careful, if you get a couple drinks with a dessert.
Your bill will easily goes to around $70 per person for lunch or over $100 per person for dinner.
Most desserts are around $10 per plate which is a little bit higher than Texas de Brazil.
I still think the meat here are a pinch better than Texas.
but not by much.
Overall, I would still rather go to Texas de Brazil, just because they have a better salad bar.

My first experience at a Brazilian restaurant was a hit.
We were meeting friends there to begin our New Years Eve right.
We had to valet, which was unnecessary.
They had plenty of parking right out front.
Seemed like their plan to get a few more dollars from you.
There was no food menu.
Everyone gets the same, which is fabulous.
They serve each table with cheesy, soft, moist, golf ball sized breads.
I absolutely loved them.
I had to restrain myself.
I could have filled up on them.
The salad bar was really good.
Lots of great cheeses.
They had crispy, thick bacon.
My favorite part was the thinly sliced raw salmon.
Each person has circular cardboard disc.
Green on one side and red on the other.
Green means you want meat and red means you don't.
Some times it took a few minutes to get served, but most of the time they overwhelmed you with amazing meats.
They had many selections.
All fresh and cooked to perfection.
They ask "well, medium, or raw?".
Each skewer had all three temps.
Everyone at my table liked the prime rib the best.
I preferred the filet minion.
I know I had too much.
They raved about the chicken, but it paled in comparison to the meats.
Ask for the Brazilian hot sauce.
I cannot remember the name, but it looked like apple sauce.
The mashed potatoes and bananas were served with the meat.
It was good too.
The server was super friendly and really knew her stuff.
She recommended desserts.
She did not say that they were not included in the price.
We tried the flan.
None of us like flan all that much, but she did a great job recommending it.
It was the best I ever had.
Perfect texture: smooth and thick.
The sauce was out of this world.
It cost $8.50.
I think the meal cost around $45.
We split the cost among each other, which came to $75 each (included bottle of wine).
I really enjoyed it and don't regret spending the money.
However, there are so many great places in Vegas that are more affordable.
I would recommend this place to someone that has never tried Brazilian steakhouse and didn't mind splurging a little.

I had a wonderful experience at Fogo de Chao a month ago with Other Yelpers (CMYE by Misti).
I always wanted to come back and dine here again...  As promised, returned to Fogo de Chao to have a New Year's Eve Dinner with friends.
When we walked in, we were greeted by three hostesses, and I thought it would be a busy night.
I really liked the nice open dining area which is something I always noticed when I walked into the restaurant.
The moment our seated, the waitstaff brought us a small basket of warm puffy biscuit that tasted like cheddar cheese, yumm!
We all wanted to drink a good red wine and the waiter recommended several easy & smooth taste of wine that we should try out for the evening.
We decided to try a bottle of "La Creama Pinot Noir Sonoma Coast".
It was absolutely delicious-great balance & full of fruit :).
After ordering our wine, we all started with going to the unlimited salad bar to start with something light.
The salad bar here is actually simple and decent-a various kinds of cheese, vegetable, and salads.
Well, I really appreciate the fact that they kept it simple.
Anyways, I am here at the restaurant to have all different section of meats!
I have tried everything except the Lamb and Chicken Heart.
I really enjoyed having a Pork Sausage, Filet Mignon, Top Sirloin, Flank Steak, Prime Rib, and Garlic Sirloin.
The skewer of meat kept coming to our table.
I don't remember how many times I turned my "Green Dial (which means KEEP THE ENDLESS MEAT COMING, PLZ)" on the table.
We finished our meal with sharing a plate of dessert, FLAN!
Oh my goodness, the texture of the pudding custard was something different than what I usually had it before.
I was very fond of the FLAN :) :)  It's a great place to have a nice meal for a special occasion and I would suggest going for lunch since it's less expensive.
But, definitely worth the splurge...
I'm sure I'll be back.
And it is good to have some cash in your purse because I was asked to valet on both trips to the restaurant.
Don't forget to finish off your meal with a mouth-watering dessert, Flan :-9   FLAN  People........, F L A N !!

Very much like Texas de Brazil.
The service is better, the meat is better, the salad bar is smaller and lacks some of my favorites from Texas de Brazil.
That being said, Fogo's service and meat quality makes it my top Brazilian BBQ spot in town.
Also, their cheesy bread balls are the best I've ever had, I think I ate 6 of them.
This is where service comes into play, I never once had to ask for more bread or fried bananas, in fact, often these items were refreshed before we were even done with the previous order.

Endless meat...What's not to love?!?
The service and the food are both awesome.
Unlike many other Brazilian BBQ places, their cuts of meat are always of the highest quality and cooked perfectly.
While their salad bar is not the biggest (I'm not here for that anyway), the items they have are tasty and fresh.
The side dishes they serve (cheese rolls, mashed potatoes, crispy polenta, and caramelized bananas) are all delicious.
I highly recommend their picanha (top sirloin), parmesan pork loin, filet mignon, and their chicken.
All of the meats are cooked to perfection and served to your liking (in terms of doneness).
The servers are attentive and make sure that you have what you need.
I really appreciate that they will ask if there is a particular meat you would like.
All in all, they provided us with a wonderful dining experience.

There are some meals that you have that you know you will remember for years to come.
This was my experience at Fogo de Chao.
I had the good fortune to join a longtime friend who had done very well at the tables earlier that day.
This meant that our meal started with the best possible aperitif: a 2 oz pour of MacCallan 30, which pretty much went into a barrel when I was born.
This now entitles me to a little bit of a humblebrag: Don't have 30-year-old scotch, because it will make enjoying anything less FAR more difficult.
Onto the meal.
Skip the salad bar, as you will want as much room as possible for the wonderful meats.
I have listed them here in order of preference.
Full disclosure, however: our wine pairings took this meal from excellent to legendary.
We had an '08 Brunello and then an '06 Insignia Meritage.
Also not recommended if you ever want to enjoy red wine again.
LOMBO (parmesan-crusted pork loin) - This was an incredible dish.
Tender, juicy, perfectly prepared pork, and with just the right amount of parmesan covering the pork loin to flavor it and add a bit of texture.
FILET MIGNON - this is my go-to dish at pretty much any steakhouse, and although I normally like mine prepared medium, it's only the upscale places that do medium-rare that I still eat.
So I asked for medium-rare, and got a piece that I was slightly uncomfortable with visually, but it was STILL amazing.
It's also served wrapped in bacon, and while I like bacon, the filet by itself is outstanding.
CORDEIRO (lamb leg) - this comes as both leg of lamb, and lamb chops.
I only had the leg, and it was divine.
Not even a hint of gaminess.
FRALDINHA (bottom sirloin) - It never occurred to me that "top" sirloin had a "bottom" counterpart, but this was it.
It's incredibly well-marbled and, for someone who is careful to cut out any extra fat visible on any cut of meat, I didn't leave a trace of this behind.
PICANHA (top sirloin) - I had the garlic-seasoned version of this dish, and while it was very good, it was still outdone by the dishes above.
Apparently it's one of their signature offerings, but it kind of got lost in everything else that was at or above its level.
There were plenty more meats that came by our table, but after the above I skipped most of them.
Word to the wise: don't come to a place like this and take up valuable stomach space on chicken.
For dessert, we had the flan -- very good and with a generous amount of sauce.
But the fried bananas can easily be your dessert here.
Our service was excellent.
I was with company that knew a LOT about wine, and he was impressed with how each of the servers (not just the sommelier) knew a lot about the selections we had made.
We felt very well taken care of, as was sort of expected, and very much appreciated.
This wasn't just a dinner.
It was an experience, and an unforgettable one at that.

What a great meal!
Everything tasted so good and the meats were just delicious.
Thanks fellow yelpers!

I've been to some of the top Steak Houses in Vegas and this place is defiantly in my top 10.
Great food, low lighted ambiance, and best of all top notch service!
This place can possibly be my new power lunch restaurant.
If you haven't experienced  Brazilian style dinning you should experience here first.

I'm not a fan of Brazilian steak houses, but the attentive service and food quality made this visit a memorable one.

Here it is a month later and I can still confidently say it was the best food and service  I have ever had.
But I'll keep eating out and looking for other places to try in the off-chance I find something better elsewhere.

I had heard about Fogo de Chao before but never had an opportunity to visit this restaurant before.
While visiting Las Vegas last week I was running low on cash and decided to find my closest bank on my phone's GPS.
While driving to the bank my girlfriend spotted Fogo by pure accident.
Since our plan was to go to the bank then decide of a place to have lunch, and since I wasn't going to spend on gambling I figured we'd have lunch at Fogo.
This is by far the flashiest, most upscale restaurant I've been to.
The atmosphere was very calm and pleasant that afternoon.
Unlike many restaurants that assign one waiter/waitress to a section of the restaurant, Fogo has its staff attending all tables.
Their buffet has plenty to select from and they keep the famous Brasilian bread pao do queijo (cheese bread) coming.
They have special waiters dressed in gaucho (southern brasil cowboy) outfits walking by the tables with different kinds of meat cuts on long metal skewers serving you at your table.
I believe they say they serve 12 or 14 different types of meats.
The fillet Mignon was unbelievable.
The restaurants presentation is very nice and clean.
Lights were a bit dim which made the atmosphere perfect for a lunch date with my girlfriend; although, I can only imagine dinner would be a lot more busy, active and loud for a romantic atmosphere.
Towards the end of our lunch several parties had come in for lunch and it wasn't as quiet as when we had walked in.
For those in my friends list or the L.A. area, there is a Fogo de Chao in Beverly Hills.
If my mind serves me right, lunch for two came out to like around $35-$40 per person.
Dinner hours tend to be more expensive so expect to drop a pretty penny.
Overall, this is an experience I'd recommend but it isn't cheap.
We should treat ourselves to something nice from time to time, splurge, and a meal at this restaurant is a nice way to do that.

**Summary**        - Fogo is an authentic Brazilian Steakhouse chain.
They bring the meats on skewers and cut it right in front of you.
- All the meats were, for the most part, medium to rare.
They were super juicy and not too salted.
- My must haves would be the Picanhas, filet mignon (Not the one wrapped in bacon), and the beef ribs.
- Prices - Lunch and dinner have exactly the same menu!
You're saving $20 just for eating earlier.
- Doneness - When the server cuts the meat for you, they give you a choice.
However, it's usually between rare to medium.
Just as a warning or a tip, rare is pretty rare.
- By Request - All the meats rotate regularly with the exception of the Beef ribs and the garlic beef.
- Decor/Mood - Classy and pampering.
**Price**        - $26.50 Lunch Mon-Fri 11:30am - 2pm        - $46.50 Dinner Mon-Thurs 5pm-10pm & Weekend **Ordered**        - Salad bar - The smoked salmon is a must.
Other than that, it's just salads.
- Costela - Beef ribs.
They don't come around unless you ask for them.
This is by far my favorite.
They ribs have just enough fat in them.
- Filet Mignon - There are two types.
The huge steak filet was so tender words can't describe.
The bacon wrapped one looked dry so I didn't try it.
- Picanhas - House special and perfectly seasoned.
- Cheese Bread - This place definitely has the cheesiest meltiest in your mouth bread.
When they come hot out of the oven, I just want to eat it plain.
- Beef Ancho/Alcatra/Fraldinha - Rib-eye/Top Sirloin/Bottom Sirloin.
Cooked perfect and nice and juicy        - Cordeiro - Rack of lamb.
Pretty good, but I'd avoid it next time in place of better meats.
- Costela de Porco - Pork Ribs.
They were a bit dry and I'd stick to the beef ribs.
- Lombo/Frango/Linguica - Pork Loin/Chicken/Sausage.
Didn't really try it.
- Garlic Beef - Didn't get a chance to try it.
You have to request it.
I found out too late.
**Comparing**        - If you've been to the other steak houses in town, here's a comparison section.
- Texas de Brazil - Texas is saltier, the salad bars are about the same.
The meats are dryer at Texas.
- Via Brasil - Saltiness is about the same, the salad bar at Via has more hot foods and is more extensive.
The meats are juicy, but Fogo has cuts that are more rare than Via.
- Sides - Via Brazil has the most choices and better fried banana.
Texas and Fogo have a limited selection.
However, Fogo has the best cheese bread.
- For lunch, nothing beats $26.50.
It's hands down Fogo.
- For dinner, it depends.
If you like your meats rarer, I'd say Fogo.
If you like your meats more medium-rare to medium, it's a coin flip.
**Recommendations**        - I'd definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a nice treat for a special occasion or in the mood for a ton of perfectly cooked and savory meats.

excellent excellent excellent MEAT!
They serve lunch during the weekdays for 26.50 for the SAME EXACT THING AS DINNER that is 46.50.
Seriously guys, you can't beat that price.
LOVE this place.
P.S.
Their Cheese Bread is by far the best I've ever tasted, and I've been to 6 different Brazillian BBQ places in my life.

This place was awesome.
The salad bar is dangerous, as you can easily go crazy and forget that it's all you can meat afterwards!
Very attentive wait staff.
They don't miss a beat.
The meat is top notch.
Pace yourself and eat your favorite meat cuts first, in case you start running out of room towards the end.
There is definitely a lot to choose from.
Oh!
And don't forget to have a Caipirinha!
They're quite refreshing!

There are "like to go eat there" types of restaurants and "have to eat there" restaurants.
This is a "must have to eat there" restaurant!
Great food.
Fantastic service.
I'm heading back to FdC before I leave this crazy town!

Amazing churrascaria!
This was my first experience in one, and if all of them are like this, I have been missing out!
I went for a friend's birthday while in Las Vegas and it was our one nice dinner for the trip.
Walking in, I was not expecting such nice decor since it was AYCE.
It was layed out like a nice steakhouse.
The wait staff gives you a short introduction about how the churrascaria works.
There is an open salad bar and you have a coaster for when you want to get the meats.
Green means bring on the meat and red lets the staff know that you need a break.
I got a few things from the salad bar, but didn't want to fill up on it.
Ingredients were fresh and they even have smoked salmon and bacon.
They also give side dishes to share.
Fried banana(delicious), polenta, mashed potatoes, and cheese rolls (awesome!
) The fun comes next.
As you turn your coaster over to the green side, you'll be attacked from all sides by dudes with sharp knives.
There are like 15-16 different meats to choose from.
After the first three or four, I had to turn my coaster to the red side to let them know I wanted a break.
Everything looked super delicious but I knew if I kept getting the meat, it would turn cold.
Everything is quaility and cooked superbly.
I love my meats rare/medium rare.
They were able to accomodate.
Meats were seasoned well and I didn't find anything that was tough or chewy.
I found myself eating a lot of meat and bananas and not wasting too much stomach space on salad and potatoes.
Also, on the table is a menu of all the meats, if you didn't see something that you like and want to try, you can always ask the staff and they'll bring the right guy to your table.
One of those dishes I asked for was the garlic top sirloin.
You probably can't go wrong with any of the meats you ask for, but surprisingly, one of the best was the chicken leg.
It came out on the skewer with you choice of a pork sausage or chicken leg.
After I asked for the chicken, the server said it was an excellent choice.
It didn't dissapoint.
Very moist, flavorful and good amount of char.
I'm glad my friend chose this for her birthday meal.
It was a delightful eating experience.

You can't go wrong at Fogo, Texas, or Via Brazil.
All 3 are very nicely decorated, staff is properly trained, and food is as good as it gets.
This was my first attempt at Fogo and here is what I discovered.
The salad bar is fresh and the choices are similar to Texas, however the Italian dressing tastes identical to a bottle of Kraft that you can buy at Smith's.
Not very unique like the balsamic dressing at Texas.
Nothing is labeled either.
It's kind of obvious as to what each item is such as lettuce, cheese, whatever but I still like to see the titles of each item being served.
No sushi, no lobster bisque, no soup at all at Fogo.
This is where I give the top honors to Texas for their salad bar.
Onto the meats...
I read a reviewer state the top sirloin was NOT the best meat at Fogo.
I found that hard to believe and after experiencing for myself, he was right.
But the thing is at Fogo, they call about 3 different looking meats "top sirloin".
One was the obvious one that looks kind of heart shaped with mild fat on the outside.
Another big chunk of meat was also called top sirloin.
It looked and tasted like Via Brazil's prime rib.
Fogo's garlic sirloin was the best of the 3 places.
I must give the best meat award to Via.
Side dishes are minor but I liked Texas and Via's banana's, rice better than Fogo.
Restroom was tiny.
Men's had only 2 toilets and 2 urinals.
Texas has a much better restroom facility.
Overall verdict.... me and a friend gave top overall to Via because of their super tasting meats.
Texas has the best salad bar but we are not there for greens.

So far, this place is still Vega's best kept secret.
But not for long.
I was surprised that we were able to walk in on a saturday night at 7pm.
Take the location out of the picture, this joint is exactly the same as the one in Beverly Hills.
From service to food.
This is a go to place

Love these places.
I was at one before in Dallas years ago so it had been a while but it was as good as I remembered.
Very good drinks, super salad bar but don't fill up on it too much!
All the meats they bring were all very good.
So were the fried plantains.
Incredible service.
Always there when you need them.
Not there when you don't.
Pricey but worth it for a special night out.

Eat here!
If you are in Vegas and want an amazing meal, with wine and dessert for $200 or less, this is the place for you!!!!
Now some might think $200 is outrageous, and it is pricy, but this included a $40 tip and a $50 bottle of wine (you really don't have inexpensive options for wine at this place) and it is worth every penny, and more!
Our first option was going to be somewhere on the strip, whose owner is a Top Chef judge, but then we would have had at least doubled the price once you added in drinks and desert, so we trusted the yelpers of the world, and they did not disappoint.
We made our reservations a couple weeks before we went online and requested a corner table, which we got.
It was nice for privacy and people watching.
Once we sat down we were greeted by our server immediately who was very knowledgable.
Over the course of the meal we were also greeted and checked on by at least three other manager/servers (Derek, you are awesome!).
This could easily constitute some of the best service I've received at a restaurant ever.
So the food......we'll start with the salad bar, whose name makes you cringe a little and think, "why would I go to a nice dinner at a restaurant that has a salad bar?
" however, its name does not do it justice, it should be called an antipasto bar, or just "bar of tasty treats".
it has several good cheeses, salamis, fresh asparagus, smoked salmon and cream cheese, breads, typical salad items (which I skipped entirely), marinated onions, sundried tomatoes, etc......everything was great!
Then you get back to your table and turn your card over which starts the gauchos (the men with meat).
This also tells your server to bring out the sides (yes more tasty treats!
) Your sides consist of creamy mashed potatos, crispy polenta squares, and roasted plantains.
All three of these were exactly what you aspire to make when cooking at home, just great.
Finally, you have your meat.
There are 15 or 16 different types of meat that come around and you can ask for as much or as little as you want (I recommend starting with a small bit of everything and then getting more if you still have room (doubtful).
I think around half are different cuts and seasoning of steak, all equally tasty.
I preferred the house style sirloin and the filet.
You will also see chicken, sausage, lamb, pork and ribs.
Skip the chicken, the sausage was worth trying, but I wouldn't eat the whole thing, the ribs can definatley be skipped they were a bit dry.
And then there is the lamb and pork, try a lot of both of these!
The lamb was great and perfectly cooked, although the gauchos will ask you how you like any of these meats (minus chicken) cooked, and then they serve you from different spots of their meat based on your doneness preference.
The lamb was tender and juicy, they offered mint jelly, but why do that?
The pork was amazing, it is perfectly cooked to a juicy goodness and then coated in grated parmesean.
I've never had this type of preparation before (usually you think crusted parm) but this was as good as it gets.
One thing that really impressed my husband and I was how well seasoned all the meats were, I don't think you should ever have to add salt and pepper if it is cooked correctly, and you don't need to here.
Finally, we ordered dessert (which I still wonder how we had room for) and went with the cheesecake with raspberry sauce.
A perfect end to our meal.
(they put a special note on the plate which I thought was a nice touch and showed our servers really seemed to care if we enjoyed our meal.
see the pic I posted for the message) Overall, this was one of the best meals I've ever eaten from service to atmosphere and especially the food.
Eat here!!!

How have I missed this place all these years.

I will never go to another steakhouse again.
This place is the best.
Salad bar is great with all the salad you could want plus fine cheeses, cured meats, etc.
The main course meats are the best I've ever had.
The sides are great.
Service is great.
Price is completely reasonable.
With wine, bill was $164 for some incredible food for 2 people.

I was looking for a nice place for dinner on short notice.
Came across this place on Yelp with a respectable rating.
I called for a reservation and was able to get one without any hastle..
The person on the phone was friendly and accommodating.
When we got there the place was layed out really nice elegant but not stuffy.
The staff was super friendly and the service was amazing.
The glass was never empty and there was food always on the plate.
Most of the staff is actually from Brazil and speak Portugese if you care about that, but most importantly they make the place authentic.
The salad bar that you start with is high quality and that in itself can make a meal.
If you are a meat lover you will love the 8 or more types of meat that are served.
You get as much as you want of each type.
All of the meat was good but the leg of lamb was the bomb!
I highly recommend it.
For a place that has been in business only since Nov. 2011, they have have it down pretty good.

I have been to Fogo De Chão several times.
You may have been saying the name like it sounds, however a waiter mentioned the last word has a nasal pronunciation like "choum.
" Once you get past the name, and the front door, with the rotating fire pit of meat, you'll immediately notice several distinctive areas.
Starting from the left, are several rooms for meetings or larger parties.
These rooms come equipped with a projector, WiFi & a computer.
The manager told me while on a tour, that the spaces can be reserved for no additional cost for up to 200 people.
There is no down payment or reservation fee either to reserve a meeting room.
There are also no cancellation fees.
They just want you to have the best group dinner experience possible.
The manager was seen taking others on tours around the restaurant.
So if you want one, just ask your waiter.
In the middle of the restaurant, just past the host desk, is the salad bar.
The salad bar includes special fresh cheeses, chicken salads, slicked smoked salmon, sliced prosciutto, spinach and fancy lettuce, along with many other options.
I have only tasted fresh product from the salad bar.
The only downside of such a great selection, is that the specially prepared meat is actually what you come to the restaurant for.
Then, slightly behind the host desk is the wine room.
There are bottles of wine ranging from $20 to several hundred & beyond.
The latest $65 Cabernet Clos Du Val I had was a good choice & recommended by my waiter.
Finally, towards the right of the restaurant is the bar area.
It comes complete with several tables for smaller groups to enjoy beverages.
This is a good option for people staying in the near by hotel & office complex, to come and enjoy a relaxing atmosphere, in an international setting.
Once you are seated, they offer many side dishes and sauces to compliment the meal including; rice, black beans in sauce, chimichurri sauce, small cheese breads that are tasty right out of the oven, sweet bananas and a few squares of fried polenta.
Individually, they are tasty, but again detract from the main idea of the restaurant, which is the meat.
There are more than a half a dozen meats that will be traveling around on long skewers.
These skewers are expertly controlled by executive chefs who individually prepare & cook the meat in the back, on a rotating fire, of about 1,000 degrees.
The meat cooks in about three to four minutes, that would normally take about 25 minutes in a normal restaurant.
The meat is delivered and carved table-side when you flip your meat card over from red to green.
Think of a stoplight.
Green means yes please and red means hold up.
My favorite meats are the fillet minion, filet minion wrapped in bacon, chicken legs and chicken wrapped in bacon.
The chicken is prepared with a beer and cognac sauce, which leaves it crispy and flavorful.
The rest of the meats are simply prepared with sea salt.
There is a pork that's prepared with parmesan cheese that I did not try, but my table mates said was delicious.
After asking around, the parmesan pork is a favorite of the staff.
If you want to try out the restaurant before paying the dinner price, visit during lunch.
The menu is the same, just at a reduced rate and for $26, it's a good value.
I received a discount on the meal from management.
The wine, desserts and remainder of the bill was paid for by my guest.
The restaurant is a few blocks East, from the Las Vegas Strip on Flamingo, inside of the Howard Hughes office park, next to the Residence Inn.

I am only giving three stars because unfortunately we already have gone to Texas de Brazil.
I am not sure the history of both but we prefer Texas De Brazil (TDB)hands down.
The servers are not that professional.
The food it meh compared to TDB.
There is not a lot of variety at the salad bar.
The server had no idea about the wine list...he just pointed to a $250 bottle!
To be brutely honest I would prefer TDB if I wanted to try a Brazilian steak house.
The decor and environment at Fogo feels like your in a casino buffet dining room.
Its loud ,especially with the servers yelling at each other right at your table.
Fogo is good for getting you seated quick , getting your food quick and ordering expensive wine and getting you out the door QUICK!
i felt rushed  having three servers ask if they can take our plates for us and clearing our table when we weren't even done our wine.
Ahh well I guess paying $50.00 pp is cheap in VEGAS?
lol If you want to spend this money and have a way better meal and experience, head to Texas De Brazil.
Its  little further from the strip, though it is so well worth it.

My boyfriend and I came to have dinner here for our anniversary.
He'd visited the location in Minnesota, and raged about it.
I came in expecting great food like he spoke about.
But for my taste the meat was a tad bit under seasoned and chewy.
Their cheese bread is great too bad they don't have soup to go with it.
The service was great, no complaint about that.

This is a chain that started in Brazil.
Having been to the original in Sao Paulo, I can say this place is every bit as good.
If you've never been to a traditional Brazilian Rodizio, you have to try this place.
Start with the excellent fresh salad bar - virtually everything you can imagine, fresh vegetables, cheese, proschiutto.
The main course is all you can eat grilled meats on skewers sliced right at your table - 12 different kinds.
The meats here are succulent and grilled to perfection.
The meats include several cuts of beef, chicken, sausage, pork and lamb.
You must try the Picanha - Brazilian style prime sirloin.
For sides there are wonderful plantains and potatoes.
You will not go home hungry.

I was drug here by my 83-year old grandmother.
She loves this place.
I can see why - the service is very good, the drinks top notch and the meat phenomenal.
I love how the servers pedal their cuts.
Very amusing.
I love my steaks practically mooing so I am not usually a fan of rodizio, but if you tell the waiters they will make sure to come back to your table when someone else has taken the more well done slices.
All in all a decent value for what you are getting.
I prefer to go to non-chain restaurants but Fogo is consistently high quality and when Grandma is paying you don't complain about free meat!

I am addicted to Fogo.
I seek them out in EVERY new city I go to.
This is the 5th one I have been to...and probably the 100th visit.
The food is ALWAYS amazing.
The salad bar here was pretty decent.
By far my favorite salad bar is in Chi-town.
But for a chain this is one of the best chains ever.
My only gripe about anything here is their parmesan encrusted pork tenderloin.
It was very dry and just not worth eating.
I would have much rather had more beef ancho or filet.
The cheese bread they put on the table is addictive.
I could probably sit there and just eat 5 or 6 bowls of that alone.
Before you leave grab a few of their after dinner chocolate mints...they are at the hostess counter.

So there I was creeping through the town I made famous when I started to feel that familiar emptiness right underneath where my 8 minute abs would be, if I spent 8 minutes a day on them, but I digress.
I was on the east side of town conducting some quasi business errands that I am going to try and expense and write off my taxes for 2012 as I got thoroughly mugged by the fed and the great state of CA in 2011.
I saw when I was driving by that there was a new sign that read Fogo de Chao where Bahama Breeze was the last time I was in the 702 sharing my love for Jesus and putting it down for the west side (the bestside).
Now I am not a wealthy man but through pinching my pennies, shrewd investments, and a 2 hour heater on the craps table the night before I was feeling like a million Argentine Pesos.
So I decided to stroll in see what all the unnecessary punctuation in the name of the joint was all about.
I was only slightly put off by the fact that the valet seemed to have taken a smoke break or been called away on some urgent business because there was no one at the stand to toss the keys to the AMG to.
I wasn't really in the mood to park my whip myself as I don't park so well when I am famished and let me tell you, I was hungry like a hostage.
So I backed up the miracle whip and parked it where I could get out in a hurry should any shenanigans occur.
I happen to know for a fact that 2pac got smoked just a block away and I am not trying to put my life in the hands of a degenerate, horse betting trauma surgeon at University Medical Center, nor do I want  Deadmou5 or some other DJ trying to put my lyrics over some hastily crafted beats in some ill fated attempt to cash in on the rush of people to local record shops and itunes to purchase my last album.
As I crept inside there was some goofy looking white kid at the host stand spewing some garbage about how they do there last seating for lunch at 2pm.
I glanced at the Swiss timepiece on my wrist and realized that 1) this is one ill watch, and 2) it was 2:06pm.
As began to reach in my waist to pistol -whip this kid he blurted out,"let me check with the manager to see if we can still seat you".
He returned abruptly and gladly seated us.
I was thankful I didn't have to chin check this kid in front of my 2 associates, as well as relieved that my belly would soon be soothed with the arrival of some delicious South American charred animals.
The server came over and greeted us very quickly offered us the wine list and had some drinks flowing pretty quickly.
I strolled over to the salad bar where I was delighted to find a mixture of traditional salad bar type accoutrements as well as several other pleasant surprises.
I sat down to get busy with my salad as a body like this doesn't happen on its own.
It takes prayers, training, vitamins, healthy food choices, a bunch of extreme cardio, and a naturally athletic build that has been referred to as "the gift".
All the salad was delicious and I polished it off faster than Whitney Houston goes through her Xanax prescription.
I turned over the little poker chip they give you that shows the Gouchos (the guys delivering meat on swords) that I was ready to start putting in work.
After about 6 guys showed up and sliced off delicious cuts of various chicken, pork, beef, and lamb, I was pretty full.
Each of them were delectable and unique.
I was feeling kind of full but we still had about 1/3 of a bottle of Opus One on the table and even though it was only the 1997, I wasn't prepared to leave it.
As one little P.Y.
T. came to clear scene of the carnage that was the plates in front of me and my distinguished guests, she ran down the list of desserts.
I ordered some incarnation of a chocolate lava cake, my associates ordered the creme brulee and the espresso.
All were very good and we were each satisfied.
The dessert presentation was tasteful and elegant.
When this chick stops blowing up my phone I will try to post a jpg.
I need to delete some pics off this thing anyway before my part time lover sees them.
I should mention that the service was impeccable and at no time did I feel rushed, neglected, or what is my biggest pet peeve, hovered over.
It was seamless and tactful.
When it was time to return some of the liquor from the night before into Lake Mead the restroom was very clean and it seemed like no one had made number 2 in there all week.
The place was surprisingly reasonable for what you get.
Three for lunch with desserts was about $130 before you factor in the wine.
I left feeling satiated and relaxed.
The only criticism I have of the place is that when I walked out to my car, there where a couple of chicken heads out there fussing with their hair in the reflection of my Benz.
Listen here trick, go inside and use a mirror, not my pearl chariot.
Real talk.
This place is good and you should check it out for yourself.
Save some cash and go for lunch.

As I write this review, I am ready to go into hibernation.
Like a bear storing up for winter, I have gorged on a bounty of meats and greens.
In Vegas, the weather is not cold enough and there is never a shortage of food, but that did not stop me from mauling every piece of flesh placed in front of me.
The worst part is that I did not even try all 15 types of meat and passed on seconds.
On second thought, I would make a very poor bear.
Nonetheless, the 12 kinds of protein that I tried were all amazing.
I have tried a few other churrascarias around Las Vegas, but none compare to Fogo in value or quality.
The salad bar is fresh and bountiful.
One round, and plate stacked high, gave me a taste of everything.
The hearts of palm and large asparagus spears are a nice touch to add to my salad.
When it came to meat, the bacon wrapped filet mignon and the Picanha were the stand outs.
The latter had a nice crust on it that was juicy yet seared to perfection.
Even the chicken was the best I have experienced.
Normally, at other places, I take a bite and feel underwhelmed.
Not here, it is so moist and flavorful.
The caramelized bananas were the only plate they needed to replace several times throughout lunch.
I might have liked the fried polenta, but had an insatiable spot for the bananas.
I cut myself off at two plates.
If that was not enough, dessert is spectacular as well.
My friend and I shared a Chocolate Molten Cake and a slice of Key Lime Pie.
Both were exquisite.
The chocolate bundt cake had a liquid center that oozed down upon breaking.
Served with vanilla ice cream gave a nice contrast of hot and cold.
All of that made it better with the contrast to the other dessert.
The Key Lime had a tartness that was not overbearing and cleanse the palate of the rich chocolate.
Now in retrospect, I should just tell everyone to read Tony T.'s review, because I echoed everything he said in lesser detail.

Been here twice, and agree with Kuong that this is Vegas's best kept secret!
Even with the place packed we were able to still get seated quickly:) Food = A+, Service = A+.
Just when you think you've eaten all you could eat, they stroll by with more delicious food... and you try another piece.
Definitely my absolute favorite restaurant right now!!

We went here for restaurant week.
First impressions, when walked in, there was a fire pit with cuts of meat rotating around it.
I felt my inner primal caveman doing cartwheels.
I knew it was going to be a good day!
The hostess was very cordial.
The restaurant was beautiful.
Very clean design with tall ceilings and very open floor plan.
It was a little pricey for lunch $30.12 but it was worth every penny.
I was worried about what my vegetarian GF was going to eat.
Browsing the menu online, they offered a salad bar.
Again, a little pricey  for lunch $19.95  I have to say, hands down, it was the best salad bar i have ever seen.
All of the food was delicious and the vegetables were very fresh.They also had some delicious cured meats, great cheeses including a whole wheel of Parmesiano Reggiano that was flaked into large chunks My GF was very impressed with all of the selections.
She was happy, thus everyone was happy.
Now to the good stuff, aka the meat!
As with Brazilian Steakhouses, you have a card that is green on one side and red on the other.
Green means "bring on the meat" and red means "not right now".
When i turned it to the green side, it was if the servers who were dressed in traditional Gaucho outfits came out of the wall with giant skewers loaded with deliciously fire roasted meat selections.
All of the selections i tried were perfectly seasoned and cooked.The stand out were the lamb chops.
My GF asked me if i needed some alone time as my eyes rolled int the back of my head after my first bite.
I truly ate like a caveman pushing the carbs aside.
Although I did have a spoonful of the mashed potatoes because they looked too good to pass up.
The dessert was included.
I thought there would be no room for dessert but we both found our spare dessert stomachs.
She had the creme brulee and it was decadent, rich and delicious.
I had the strawberry creme which was topped with some Creme De Cassis.
It was delightful and very delish.
Since it had strawberries in it, i was telling myself that it fresh fruit and good for me.
That's my story and I am sticking to it!
The service is top notch.
They had so much staff, when i pushed my plate aside, it was quickly whisked away and a new one was given to me just as fast.
Our waters and iced teas were kept full the whole time.
The server was very knowledgeable and pleasant.
My GF told me I was going to go into a food coma when I got home and as usual, she was correct.
I think I am still full and we ate there yesterday.

Very friendly staff, great food and got free dessert as they participated in restaurant week!
The food kept coming as much as we wanted and cooked/seasoned perfectly!

This was my first time dining at one of these Brazilian Churrascarias which there are several of in Vegas now.
I do have somewhat of a mixed feelings about this kind of eating as I do with many buffets in Las Vegas.
Basically, this is a huge steak buffet where you don't have to get off your seat as they bring it to you.
I actually liked the salad bar.
It has a good selection of cold cuts, cheese, and other cold things to pick from that were of good quality.
Just don't fill up on this stuff as flood of meats is coming.
I think I pretty much tried everything except for some chickens as I'm more of a red meat person rather than white meat.
I would say that the quality of the meat is pretty good, and what you can't experience in regular steakhouses that you can here, is that you can taste about 6, 7 different cuts of meat at one setting.
The huge problem I have with this, is that for those of us who prefer to eat our meat medium rare to rare, this type of serving meat makes this very difficult.
What they do is shave a piece off of a large piece on a skewer, so it is impossible to get a thick piece of meat cooked to your liking.
There were some cuts like filet where they do give you a large chunk, but it seemed that these were all overcooked, even though I asked for medium rare.
After a while I was going into redmeat coma and it really didn't matter what I was eating.
This is the problem with buffets.
There is just too much food to a point that I start losing focus, and you just can't "feel" that the chef is putting everything on the line to give it his/her best, because they just have to keep the food going out.
If you are a 22 year-old who want to load up on decent meat at buffet prices, then this might be great, but for those of us who are used to quality "steaks" in this town, it doesn't quite do it.
I fortunately did NOT have to pay for this meal, but for $47 or so per person, I can't see myself going back.

I was very impressed with Fogo De Chao.
I booked over the phone for a private room for my wedding reception.
Coming from out of town and getting to a restraunt that I have never been to before and having things go so smoothly makes me feel good about planning special events like my wedding reception over the phone.
Staff and Food was amazing and they even cooked meat to how each of us liked.
I definately recommend fogo de chao to anyone!

Wonderful customer service!
The servers go above and beyond!
The salad bar is delicious.
The meat is very good however other Brazil steakhouses I have been to do have a little more selection.
The atmosphere is also more laid back and not so hectic, which I loved.
Overall the food and the service together are enough for me to make this one my choice!

My husband and I love Fogo de Chão.
When we lived in Houston several years ago we used to go quite often.
I believe that is the first location in the US, so we are like pioneers.
Then, just a year or so after we moved to Phoenix, they opened one in Scottsdale.
And now there is one in our home-away-from-home city, Las Vegas.
Hooray!
This location is much like the others though the decor was a little nicer, I think.
Food was excellent as always.
There is such a variety of meat, I think anyone could find a cut to their liking.
And as for the red and green sauces, they make it that much better!
And don't  forget about the salad bar.
So much good stuff.
I love the marinated veggies like hearts of palm, artichokes, and mushrooms.
Oh, and those little round red sweet peppers.
Have one of those with some fresh mozzarella and sun dried tomato.
Yummy!
The service here was phenomenal.
We had a pleasant time with the bartender while waiting for my sister and her husband to arrive.
She was nice enough to get us some of that amazing cheesy bread to munch on while we waited.
I forgot her name but she is from Omaha and makes one awesome Caipirinha!
Once they arrived and we were all seated, my sister discovered she was missing one of her diamond earrings.
Practically the whole staff stopped what they were doing to help look for it.
The manager (I think) even came by and expressed genuine concern.
Long story short it turned out to be at the babysitters house, must have fallen off while she was bringing the baby inside.
It was just nice to see a place where the staff is so friendly and really cares about their customers.

I have been to several other places like this but Fogo is the best.
my wife took me there for lunch and we started with the fresh and tasty salad bar.
I'm a carnivore but the salad was just too good not to try.
I wanted more but I decided to save my hunger for the real star....meat.
As soon as i flipped over the card from red to green the food started flowing.
The first bite let me know just how great the rest of the meal was going to be.
All the beef was so flavorful.
The lamb selection was great too.
The chicken leg was moist and tasty.
Service was great.
They kept the mashed potatoes coming, the cheese bread was yummy, the fried bananas were perfect.
Finished the meal with the creme brulee/flan.
Even though we were too full eat more, there was enough room for dessert.
They do a great job here and the meats were all delicious

Great fast service....salad bar is delicious.

You wanna' talk "all you can eat Brasilian BBQ?"......
Here's my qualifier.
Our family, on my wife's side, is Brasilian.
(In Brazil, it's spelled with an "s").
Over the last 30 years or so, I've eaten at the most complete churracarias both in Brasil and here.
And I've eaten at the most modest; including a churracaria in a gas station in Sul de Minas on the way to visit a coffee cooperative.
(see my youtube video titled, "Coffee Cupping in Sul de Minas.
") The defining/qualifying points are the same; quality and flavor of the meat, completeness of the salad bar, or "bars", (Some restaurants have a full sushi bar, with chef!
), and quality of service.
So trying to remain both objective and relevant, I'll share my opinion.
I've been to the Fogos in Dallas, Beverly Hills, and now Las Vegas.
My best experience was in Dallas, but understanding that I was there right after their opening, and because Fogo corporate is in Dallas, I think they worked at "doing it all".
This was probably before they reviewed and revised their operations.
) Dallas was the best.
Beverly Hills, and now Las Vegas, were both a disappointment, but more because they do not reflect the best of what I expect in a "high end" churrascaria.
And I personally think they're making a mistake.
Here's what most non-Brasilians are missing....... but wouldn't know it if they've never been to a more "typical" churrascaria in Brasil.
The salad bar....
In Brasil, and at churrascarias like Fogo in Sao Paulo, Rio, and the interior cities like Brasilia, Goiania and Uberlandia, there will be everything you see at Fogo in LV, plus another full bar of hot entrees, including fish and meat dishes, stroganoff, hot vegetables, rice and black beans.
And yes, the fried plantans too.
All this is available at the bar, all you can eat, not brought to your table like at Fogo.
You'll also see that "cheese bread" called "pao de queiju.
" In some restaurants, there'll be either a small, or very expanded sushi bar.
The salad bar, by itself, can easily support anyone's craving for a full meal.
Fogo's salad bar is amazingly small, in my opinion, and for Brasililans, incomplete... especially for the money!
Fogo offers the "salad bar only" for under $30... but in my opinion, it's not worth it.
If they had a traditionally full salad bar offering, it would be great for non-red meat eaters, as there would be a huge variety of fish, shrimp, etc.
The meats...
Here, Fogo does well, as the quality of the meats is very good.
While some churrascarias buy low end meats, my feeling is that what Fogo doesn't offer in the salad bar, they make up for in the meat department.
IMPORTANT NOTE ABOUT GETTING WHAT YOU WANT...
If you want rare, medium rare, well done, etc., you should tell both the table waiter, and the meat servers!
I will sometimes tell the servers that I only want the Picanha (tri-tip), the Filet, and the Fraudinha (flank steak).
You're paying... tell them what you want, and how you like it!
They appreciate your specifics, and even at this Fogo, I got what I wanted in meats.
The service... For a high-end churrascaria, it was ill-timed meat delivery, and it was slow.
And when the gauchos (meat servers) did start coming to the table, it was an "onslaught.
" The mark of a great churrascaria is "consistency" with an even rhythm.
We spoke to our waiter, assigned to manage our table, and I could see that he was struggling to maintain service level to us, and other tables.
That issue alone... erradic service, would be a major complaint point.
And for this Fogo, all I could think of was....... this would never fly in Sao Paulo, or Rio, or at any other of their Brasilian locations.
A major deal breaker for Brasilians, and what told me this operation was tailored to "Non-Brasilians", was the fact that they serve rice and black beans only after being asked.
Had I not asked, our table may have been overlooked.
That's rediculous, as the foundation for a plate in Brasil is your rice, black beans, vinegrette salsa, and farofa, or toasted corn meal that tops off the beans rice and salsa.
When you have to ask for those very basic items, you know that Fogo has tailored, or "dumbed down" their restaurant to non Brasilians.
And frankly, most people love these items after being introduced, and shown how to "build their plate.
"  So I gave Fogo a 4-star just because they do serve great quality meat.
And knowing ignorance is bliss, I figure that if what they do serve is good, and the clientel like it.
who am I to complain because they don't mimic my preferred style of service.
(although.......
I do think you deserve better than what they offer at their salad bar setup.
)  BTW..... for a more traditional salad bar, and certainly more complete, visit Texas de Brazil at the Town Square Shopping Center, off South Las Vegas Blvd.
I think you'll better understand my comments about the salad bar, and maybe agree that the trade-off at Texas de Brazil may be in the quality of the meat.

Good food.
Garlic filet was nice.
Our waiter was a little pushy.
Caiparranias were excellent.

If you're looking for a lot of good food and a place that will take care of you, go here.
We had a group of 12 and they  accommodated us without a hitch.

The food and service were amazing!
The fried polenta is very tasty and if you have room for dessert try the Papaya Cream...

Mmm!
What's not to like about meat, meat, and more meat?!
I can officially cross this place off my "to do" list because I had the pleasure of having dinner here while in LV this past weekend.
Everything was delicious!
If I had any complaints it would be that the servers didn't bring around the leg of lamb enough for my tastes, but then again, I was too busy stuffing my pie-whole to simply ask for it.
If you've never been to a brazillian-style bbq, then this place is a must.
Bring your A-game appetite, some friends, and a fat wallet...it's pricey, folks!
However, considering how much meat you're being offered (not to mention the salad bar), I would say it's worth the money.

Came in for dinner and utilized the discount with my Yelp Spring Break guide.
Didn't realize this place has been in LV only since November of 2011.
This was my first time experiencing a Brazilian steakhouse.
The inside was decorated upscale and inviting.
The service was outstanding from the minute we arrived until we departed.
The salad bar was decent but I was there for the MEAT!
My faves were the Filet Mignon, Cordeiro (lamb chops & leg of lamb), Costela (Beef Ribs), Costela de Porco (Pork Ribs) and Linguica (Sausage).
Sides included pão de queijo (warm cheese bread), crispy hot polenta, garlic mashed potatoes and caramelized bananas.
I went really light at the salad bar and sides just to over indulge on the protein.
Love how the meat is served hot and carved  to your cooked  request.
No room for dessert but I really enjoyed Fogo De Chao and will certainly return to one of their many locations.

I love this churrasqueria.
The ambiance is beautiful as well as the staff.
The salad bar offered high quality items however the bar looked like it could feature more items..but hey you come here for the MEAT and boy do they serve meat...15 kinds to be exact.
My favorite was the lamb (bone in) and the cheese bread is to die for..also it is gluten free as it is made with yucca flour and I'll pretend it was fat free;) At first I was taken back by how quickly the meat came around offered by the ALL BRAZILIAN men but then again waiting form meat would have been bad so I'm not complaining just surprised.
You can come here for lunch Monday-Friday and still enjoy the same items served for dinner but for half the price...Definitely coming back next year....meated out for now.

Ahh Yelp Spring Break, so many deals to choose from, not enough money to spend LOL!
Made reservations here because of Vanessa H's review.
Our experience was remarkable.
I've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse before so I had little expectations.
The only thing I did not like about this place was house easily they refill your food.
The servers took a half-filled plate of mashed potatoes and replaced it with a new one.
Seemed pretty wasteful.
Same thing goes for the salad bar where they rotate or rather refresh the items every few minutes.
Yelp has made me very open-minded when it comes to food so I was able to try pretty much any of the meats they brought to the table.
The house special was what hit the spot for me, as well as the lamb.
Even without the Yelp deal, I would willingly pay for this place.
Which almost happened by the way, as the manager looked at my Yelp Spring Break guide with much confusion.
He borrowed it for a bit and I guess educated his staff about it and everything went without a hitch!

I'm not much for AYCE but Fogo de Chão gets my vote.
It's a Brazilian steakhouse so you can't really go wrong unless you happen to be a vegetarian.
First of all, we got an awesome deal through Yelp Spring Break.
$37 per person instead of the normal $48 per person.
Win!
The salad bar is just that, vegetables, salads, some amazing burrata mozzarella, shaved parmesan, and sides.
I usually try not to fill up on those things but the burrata was delicious.
I tried most of the meats.
I didn't try the chicken.
I loved the house special Picanha, filet mignon, lamb, ribeye and pork.
So much meat.
Give me more!
I loved the chimichurri sauce they brought out.
We wanted a bucketful, it was so good.
The cheesy rolls were to die for.
I do recommend you trying those cheesy rolls though.
I love that they bring all the meat to you and slice it onto your plate.
If you need them to stop just flip your card from green to red.
Super simple.
Need them to bring more meat, then flip it back to green.
The servers are really conscientious about the colors and will even bring by any special meats that you request.
Some are circulated more than others so all you have to do is ask.
I have to say it ranks as one of the best meals I've ever had in Vegas without breaking the bank.

Service and food was TOP NOTCH here!
I have been to other Brazilian steakhouses before but none can compare to Fogo de Chao!
The atmosphere and decor inside makes it a wonderful dining experience.
I came here last week for my first time with my bf thanks to the Yelp Elite Spring Break special of $37/ person.
The salad bar had a good variety of salads, cold cut meats, cheeses, and dressing.
But the fun didn't start until the meat started flowing in.
We turned our paper signs to green to indicate that we were ready for our meat and the waiters did not hesitate in bringing over different types of meat for us to try right away.
There were a total of 15 kinds of meat ranging from filet mignon to sausage links to bacon wrapped chicken.
I think I tried about 9 of them and was stuffed pretty quickly.
They also give you sides of garlic mashed potatoes, pão de queijo (warm cheese bread), crispy hot polenta and caramelized bananas.
I tried not to fill up on the sides too much to make room for more meat.
The servers and manager came by a couple times to make sure we were served all the meats we wanted to try and to made sure we had refills for our beverages.
Overall, my experience was wonderful.
I will definitely be coming back here again in the future to satisfy my craving for Brazilian bbq!

After three days of lolling around being indolent I decided it was high time to get down to business and eat as many animals as humanly possible.
Fogo recognized this basic gluttonous urge and, luckily, provided a veritable farm for me to eat.
Right off the bat I decided to prime my tummy with a caipirinha, which was strong and delicious and the perfect prelude to the meat storm about to go down.
I mostly passed on the salad bar - I did have some marinated veggies and a little tabbouleh, so I could feel like I was at least getting a tiny bit of plant matter in - but the cheeses and cold cuts and salads all looked pretty yummy.
When the pao de queijo came I hoovered those suckers like Pac-Man hoovers dots.
And then I leveled up to the meats.
Ohhhhh, the meats.
All kinds of beef, pork, lamb, chicken - the best were the picanha (house cut) and the lombo (parmesan encrusted pork loin) but all were delicious.
And kept coming.
And coming.
And coming.
And coming.
Until my belly was looking at least eight months pregnant and panting, exhausted, I could eat no more.
Is it gross to eat that much meat?
I mean, objectively, yes.
For sure.
It's a wild excess and I probably shouldn't feel good about it.
But the friendly gaucho servers, bus boys, hostess just made it a wonderful dinner that I felt great about.
Except for the teensiest bit of trepidation while pondering how such profligacy would play out in my digestive system.
Worth it!

Needing a break from the Strip, and having a deal through Yelp's Spring Break 2012, my wife & I had dinner here one night.
I made our reservation online and mentioned that it was our 5th wedding anniversary.
Their website was very easy to use, and I was able to make a reservation the morning of.
There is an ample parking lot, with complimentary valet.
Once inside, we were seated promptly.
Our reservation was for 6:30; the place was pretty full, but not completely packed yet.
After giving our drink orders, my wife & I hit the salad bar.
The first thing I noticed was the basket of bacon.
I really had to remind myself that bacon was only the appetizer, not the main course.
So I only put a few strips on my plate, along with some prosciutto, salami and mozzarella.
My wife took some olives, artichoke hearts and one of the salads (along with said bacon).
Once we sat down, we turned our signs to "Go," and the flow of meat began.
While we tried a little of everything, my favorites were:  1.
The Pichaha (the signature u-shaped cut) 2.
The lamb chops 3.
The linguica (sausage).
The staff were very friendly, checking on us often if we needed any more food or drinks.
But my favorite staff was the gentleman who was manning the alcohol cart.
We offered us any and all types of drinks, which almost made me cry again (after seeing the bacon basket).
Lastly, after we were finished with dinner, our server offered us a complimentary dessert for our anniversary.
We chose the creme brulee, which came with the words "Happy Anniversary" written on the plate with chocolate and caramel.
I thought that was a very kind gesture, which made our evening.
This was our favorite meal during our most recent time in Vegas.
I know we will come back again and again!

I've never been to Brazil, but if this restaurant is any indication of what it's like, then I really need to go.
First off, I really appreciate that it's not too far off the strip and parking isn't a problem.
They have free valet service to make you feel important.
Bonus!
Like any other Fogo, the ambience is dim, sexy and welcoming.
The salad bar has an excellent choice of vegetables, condiments and one of my personal favorites - smoked salmon.
When you come here you better be hungry!
It was so delicious that I almost over gorged on the salad bar alone.
I can't even say enough about the meats.
I think the Picanha(top sirloin) is my favorite.
Then the Fraldinha (bottom sirloin), and then the Linguica sausage.
They also serve chicken, pork and lamb options.
The Gaucho chefs that prepare the food are actually trained in Brazil.
They are also the ones who come out and present the meat to your table.
We were talking to the restaurant manager, who by the way is a super-friendly guy that is very passionate about their food, and he mentioned that at this particular restaurant , there are only two chefs that are not Brazilian, but they were sent to Brazil to train.
When the Gaucho chefs come out and slice the meat off the skewer straight onto my plate, I get this primal feeling and my mouth salivates over the slight crisp of the outside meat from the flames and the aroma that come with it.
I like to take a second to stare at the tender, succulent pink insides and watch the juices run when I slice into it.
There's a hint of sea salt on the outside that add to the crisp flavor.
It's so awesome.
If you have never been to a Fogo de Chao, the way the service works is this: The salad bar is of course like a buffet and it is probably the best salad bar I've ever been to.
You go up, grab a plate and help yourself to as much as you want.
After you sit back down, there are these coasters right next to your silverware that are red on one side and green on the other.
When you flip it on the green side, it means "bring some meat here".
One by one the Gaucho chefs will come to your table with their particular cut of meat and slice off as much as you want.
When you need to take a break just flip the coaster on its red side and they'll stop coming.
You'll also have a regular waiter who tends to your drinks and brings you some side dishes like caramelized bananas, mashed potatoes, polenta, bread, and whatever else you might need.
They also have an extensive collection of wine that is prominently displayed behind a glass barrier.
The service here is flawless.
You can tell the staff really takes pride in what they do.
It is an amazing place for any occasion, and in Vegas it doesn't seem to matter if you're in a pair of shorts or in suit.
Everyone is treated equally special.

I like a good piece of meat every once in a while, but man this place is MEAT OVERLOAD!!!
The Gauchos that work here are really Brazilians from Brazil that cook and serve you generous portions of the 15 types of meat here.
a bunch of us decided to take advantage of the Yelp Spring Break offer and dine in for $37.
There are many great items available at their salad bar, but you want to be very careful and not fill up on these items, because the meats and sides are where its at.
my favorite meats were the Bone-in Lamb Chop and the Pichana.
The sides(Potatoes, Polenta, and Plantains) were a perfect compliment to the well seasoned meats, and the Cheese Bread?
Totally addicting!
The color cards....you're gonna have to play "Red Light, Green Light" with these Gauchos because if you just leave it green side up, they will bombard you with their meat rods like teeny-bopper girls trying to get Justin Bieber's autograph!
Just Sayin'.......ALOHA!!!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(271/365) " A Carniwhore's Heaven!

The food is good, but including low-end wine and dessert it's going to cost you about $85.00 per person all in.
In my view it's just not worth that.
The restaurant is more about it's gaucho theme than anything else.
And it uses a marketing technique to get you to over-indulge at the salad bar and/or fill up on cheese bread before the skewers begin arriving.
You'll also find that the premium skewers can be hard to find.
The guys with the cheaper meat cuts visit you more often.
Saying no to the cheaper guys -- waiting for the better stuff -- will get you a visit from an assistant manager who will ask you what is wrong.
Being truly selective about what you want is frowned upon?
$85?
Not for me.

Love this place, wonderful ambiance and great service.
Expensive but worth every penny.

Everything is first rate about Fogo.
Wine list is extensive, service is great, salad bar is fresh although not as great a variety as Texas De Brazil down the road at Town Square.
Meats were good, not as many kinds as TDBrazil.
We stayed through delicious key lime pie and coffee.
Expensive for five mostly diminutive people who didn't eat a lot of meat, but oh so satisfying.
Good food, great time.

All you can eat meat.
A statement that makes my taste buds smile and my stomach frown.
Which is weird, because I didn't know my stomach was able to frown.
Fogo de Chão serves up 15 types of quality meats that include beef, chicken, sausuage, and lamb.
In all you can eat quantities.
I think Fogo de Chão is Brazilian for food coma.
For someone that doesn't really do the buffet or all you can eat thing very often (outside of sushi), it surprises me that I've been to Fogo five times since they've opened.
Three of those visits have been within the last month or so!
Everything here is very, very tasty.
I don't normally eat much pork or lamb, but here it is a requirement.
Leave your preferences at the door and be sure to give every dish a chance.
I'd like to tell you what my favorite dish is, but it seems to change with every visit.
Everything is consistently good; there are times where things have been amazing.
There have also been a couple visits where I felt that things were too salty, which is quite a statement coming from me since I'm normally not that sensitive to salt.
Outside of those instances, dining at Fogo will leave you with one of the happiest food coma's you can ask for.
I'm totally a fan!

My husband and I came here for Father Day and it was absolutely perfect.
Amazing food, great atmosphere, and wonderful customer service.
We will be returning, especially because they were giving out complementary dinner gift cards to the fathers!

Of all the Yelp promos I took advantage of during Yelp Spring Break, dinner at Fogo de Chão was the most memorable.
This was my 1st time at Fogo de Chão or any Churrascaria, for that matter.
I never knew what I was missing.
I made reservations, the girlfriend & I arrived on time, & we were promptly seated.
Service was impeccable throughout.
After we told the host that we were Churrascaria noobs, the manager personally came to our table & gave us the rundown.
In the most general terms, there are 3 food choices: some side dishes like cheese bread, mashed potatoes & polenta are automatically brought to the table; the salad bar; & the endless parade of meats brought directly to the table by the gauchos.
All of it is all-you-can-eat & all of it was outstanding.
Most places with an all-you-can-eat salad bar stock that salad bar with lots of low cost filler.
Not here.
This Fogo de Chão salad bar had impressive Salmon & Charcuterie platters.
I made 1 visit to the salad bar & wanted to go back for more, but the meats the gauchos kept bringing were undeniable.
That night, there were 16 varieties of beef, pork, lamb, chicken & sausage that were coming fresh out of the kitchen & being brought directly table-side.
It was a non-stop carnivore's carnal feeding frenzy of fleshly delights.
So much meat.
So good.
So very good.
Before coming to Vegas this time, I had decided this trip would be strictly "no buffets.
" But it was too late now & there was no turning back.
Fogo de Chão is awesome.
The whole Churrascaria concept is awesome.
Yelp is awesome for the Yelp Spring Break promo offer that got me to try Fogo de Chão for the 1st time.
Sadly, there's no Fogo de Chão near home for me.
But if I'm ever near 1 again, I'll definitely go out of my way to go back for more.

Currently I am shaking and sweating from all the meat.
Do not, I repeat do not let that detract you from fogo de chao.
The servers are fast, prompt and polite.
The food is absolutely amazing.
I even enjoyed the drinks here.
I didn't know what I wanted, so I asked for something sweet and fruity.
It was glorious.

Dined here on Thanksgiving 2011, pleasantly surprised they were open.
Decent crowd for a major holiday.
Was a long walk from the strip, wised up and took a cab for the way back.
Was my first visit, my husband's second.
He raved about this place.
I stuck to the chicken and pork, the other meats were cooked far to rare for me.
I loved the salad bar!
We plan on going back for Thanksgiving 2012.

the experience started really badly with an impolite receptionist and a very rude gaucho (meat cutter).
If you are Brazilian you would know that we do not expect less than a perfect service, politeness, and great bbq.
You will not find that here.
The Texas de Brazil is a better option since we have tried both.
Thanks to Henrique (chef) and Ademir (gaucho) we ended staying but after the bad moments, all the impoliteness and regular meat, my wife and I cannot rate this place above 2 stars.

What a wonderful dinner!
Having been to 2 other churrascarias, Fogo De Chao was clearly the best out of the 3.
Not only was the food better than the other places, the service was excellent as well.
I started with a caipirinha which was very strong, but tasty.
Shortly after that, the meat starting coming.
Each cut was nice, hot, and juicy.
The servers constantly asked us if we had any special cuts that we wanted/wanted more of.
Things were so fast and furious that I was pretty full after 15 minutes.
I was determined to eat a good amount so I kept at it for another 20 minutes.
After that I was pretty much TKO on meat so I sat and thought hard about any specific cuts I really wanted to try again.
I had 1-2 more pieces and was done.
It's worth mentioning that the sides/salad bar were very good as well.
It's a nice break from all the meat.
It's not a every week type of place but once in awhile it's definitely a nice treat when you're craving some delicious meat.
It's worth a short drive off the strip!

Really great service and amazing food.
Wasnt sure what to expect, but I really enjoyed myself.
Went with a group and we all loved the way the meat was seasoned.
Very unique atmosphere.
We will definitely be back.Ppp

For those of you that might have second thoughts on going here....get over it!!!!
It was the BEST dining experience I have ever had.
Food is fantastic and the service is magnificent.
You will not be sorry

WOW!
I am so glad Rain insisted on eating here and skipping the buffet lines and all the other cheap Vegas dining options.
We had a wonderful dining experience here.
From the moment you walk in to when you're paying your check and leaving, everyone was just so pleasant and made us feel so welcomed to this restaurant.
The meat was overflowing so the red/green signal definitely helped direct the flow of meat.
I was clueless at first, eventually got the hang of it and didn't miss out on a lot of meats.
I guess we got lucky because we were seated by the meat source.
We got first choice on some of the meats.
Some were a little to rare for my taste.
They also had a good spread of salad, bread, and cheeses.
Thanks Yelp Spring Break!
Wouldn't have come here if it wasn't for your irresistible offer!

Came here on 24 Jun 2012, here is my review for each specific area I'm rating it against, now keep it mind this is on a high cost end and if people are paying this much then food quality and service should be commensurate.
Service: It was okay service overall, nothing over-the-top.
Attentive staff, however, except when I asked one of the waiter if they had salmon he said they do but it was only smoke.
Food: it was average overall, the cold cuts, rice, beans and other items on buffet line was good but nothing to rave about.
Meat: this is suppose to be their best selling point, but I think this is where they failed bad and I thought that they were giving people low bang for the buck.
Here is what I mean, first, there was only a few choices of meat compare to some Brazilian restaurant we've been to here in Vegas.
Second, when they started going around, they start you and fill you up with cheap cuts, like for example chicken and then some sausage.
Then they follow it up with top sirloin, I mean I didn't even see the lamb of leg or prime rib until the end, which I was already full.
Third, there was no fish on the menu.
Location: being close to the Strip can mean bad and good, good because you will get more tourist customers.
Bad, because when you go out for a nice dinner wearing decent clothes, you should at least expect to see people wearing similar clothing.
When we were there we had a group of tourist that looked like they just came back from playing basketball, sleeveless shirt and spandex shorts, and this is supposed to be fine dining??
What a joke!
Now I can't help it but compare this to Via Brasil because I think Via beats this place hands down.
Via Brasil is a bit farther out from the strip, we've been there at least 4 times and all those times we've never seen anyone dress like a yoohoo!
I think that the location speaks for itself as well, more middle-classs to wealthy neighborhood nearby so you always see Ferraris/Maserati park upfront.
No tourist to deal with really!
The service is way better, they have a waiter/waitress looking at your table the whole time to ensure you don't run out of things.
When you are done with your plate, they even take it away and clean/brush crumbs off of your table and gives you a new plate while you are just seating down.
Food: this is where it hit the mark for me, they have more meat selection(just compare both meat menu please) to add, Via has Salmon on Cedar planks, this is my wife's favorite.
On one Friday night, they even had one whole roasted pig on a cart wheeled around, what a delicious treat.
Overall, if I am paying this much then I think food quality/service should be commensurate.
Go to Via Brasil and you'll know what I'm talking about!

We came here for our wedding dinner with a party of 15.
The service was awesome!!
We had a private room in the back.
The food was unreal with tons of choices of meat that filled all of our bellies.
They went above and beyond cutting our wedding cake even.
I would recommend this place for dinner or even hosting a small celebration dinner.

Was in town for a convention and a college suggested we drop in for lunch.
Staff was very attentive and the restaurant is impeccable.
The choices of meats are a carnivores delight.
The food would have been a bit more enjoyable if they mind how much salt is added to the meat.
I am a regular guy who doesn't mind salt, but man they really over did it.
Other that being heavy handed on the salt, I would probably go back next time I am in town.

This was our first trip to Fogo Las Vegas.
We've been to 6 other locations.
Our experience was nothing shy of excellence!
As with all the other locations!!

The BEST Brazilian place I have ever eaten at!
The salad bar was amazing and the meat was so tender and mouth watering!!
The service was AMAZING!
Never once did we have to ask for anything......it was there before we even thought to ask!
I will def be coming here again next time I am in Vegas!!
If I could I would give it 10 stars!

Honestly, do yourself a favor while you are in Vegas and go Fago de Chao for a meal!
We went there for lunch on 7/11/12 and we were thrilled with the FRESHNESS and QUALITY of everything.
The salad bar was outstanding, so much to choose from and CLEAN!
After the salad bar, we were ready to try the meat selections, bacon wrapped filet, lamb chops, leg of lamb, sirloin, sausage, chicken, pork tenderloin......all of it flavorful, juicy, tender.
The service was impeccable, the meat  gaucho's  were always there ready to offer the next tasty morsel.
The meal was  about $25 a person, a BARGAIN by Las Vegas standards.
We were staying the THEHotel by Mandalay Bay, the cab ride over was about $15 soooooo worth it!
Our server told us the menu is the same for either lunch or dinner but lunch cost about half the price, reservations are recommended, so call before you go.

Thanks to my best friend I had the pleasure of trying this place.
It would definitely bust my wallet, but thankfully Gloribelle P. took me here for my birthday.
We came for lunch on a week day so it wasn't too busy.
We started with the salad bar and I was really impressed with the quality of the selections.
Definitely a step or 2 up from other salad bars at the buffets.
Everything I tried was delicious and you could tell just by looking that all the vegetables were fresh.
The banana on the side, is DELICIOUS.
Probably one of my favorite parts of the meal.
We couldn't stop eating it, the soft tender banana with the sweetness from the brown sugar was a really nice contrast of flavors.
The cheese bread was good too, but I think I would get sick of it if it had too much.
I think I limited myself to 2 or 3 rolls during the entire meal.
The meat on the other hand was kind of disappointing because most of it tasted like "blah buffet meat.
" The only one that was good was the pichana.
By the time we realized everything else wasn't worth trying we were already full to get seconds on the pichana.
That's okay though because we came here to sample.
The service was of course superb, but I wouldn't expect anything less since this is a classy restaurant.
However, I kinda felt like whenever we asked for something our server was quick and prompt, but he  had a slight "ugh" reaction.
Maybe it was just me?
The entire experience is 4 stars while the meat is a low 2.

How have I not been here already?!
I thought Rei do Gado in SD was good... but Fogo de Chao blows RDG out of the water.
FDC is located off the strip sort of by Lawry's.
We wanted to try a buffet for lunch and figured we'd try Fogo since we love Brazilian BBQ.
Best decision for lunch I've ever made in Vegas.
It was $26.50 during lunchtime for 15 different cuts of meat.
The service was impeccable and the meats melted in my mouth.
This is a really nice place and I'm so happy that the staff welcomed us with open arms.
Once you sit down, you can peruse through the salad bar for your sides.
I'm smart enough to know not to fill up on that stuff though... you have to save your stomach for the meat and get your money's worth.
There's a card where your seat is with a green and red side -- green light and red light if you will, for the sake of letting the staff know if you want meat or if you want to take a break.
Once I flipped my green side up, the meat kept coming non-stop.
I could barely even take one bite before the next guy came with the next cut.
It wasn't long until I had a take a break from the action.
FDC is the best Brazilian churrascaria I've ever been to.
The meats were fantastic and my party received nothing short of great service.
I definitely didn't get my money's worth, but the meat was so good that I don't even care!

Had dinner with a group of 10 people on Wednesday.
Food poisoning the next morning.
Horrible experience.
Their salad bar wasn't anything special.
Texas de Brazil is definitely my to go for brazillian steakhouse!
Two stars for great service!

This place let's me live out my Bill Gates fantasy.
This is where I would go into a high end steak house and order everything on the menu and eat till I burst.
That is how good the quality of the meat is.
Service is excellent too.
My only complaint is that they don't have one in Hawaii...

This is a great place for someone who is seeking super good meet in a city full of all you can eat buffet...
The beef and lamb are superb, but the most amazing thing is the servers.
Professional and welcoming!
Highly recommended!

We dine at a local, non chain brazil steakhouse in Summerlin and love it there!
We decided to give this one a try because they are all over the states.
Upon arriving, parking was a nightmare!
There were only about 20 spaces available to park, then all the other 50 spaces were coned off for "valet".
Boo!
We were seated right away, got our drinks, and hit the salad bar...
Salad bar was mediocre.
Salad, salami, potato and chicken salad, cold vegetables (broccoli and asparagus) fresh mozzarella balls, prosciutto,white rice and black beans etc.
not impressive...it was pretty dark in the restaurant and very busy.
People running around constantly!
The cheese filled bread they bring to the table were lightly filled with cheese and airy... Generally, other brazil steakhouses let you choose your sides, but this one brought out fried polenta(dry and cold), mashed potatoes from a box, and fried bananas.
The meat service WAS really good... Bacon wrapped filet and chicken, phenomenal Parmesan crusted pork tenderloin.
The price was $49.00pp, $10 more per person then our preferred spot...
They'll need to work on specials for the local scene.
Overall a good experience, but I'll save the gas and go to our spot where it's more relaxed, with superior service and an awesome salad bar!

Carnivores Unite...at Fogo de Chao.
This was such a fun experience.
The salad bar is okay, but I would advise conserving room in your stomach for the delicious cheese puffs, the crispy polenta, the sweet fried bananas, and the tender, succulent meat offerings.
Who needs greens?
Not.
Me.
We ordered up some Caipirinha, the Brazilian cocktail of choice at Fogo, whet our appetite with those light, airy cheese puffs, and then turned our coasters to green to let the parade of meat commence.
Everything was amazing, but my favorite was definitely the filet.
I love my meat on the suuuuuuper rare side, and there were plenty of almost-mooing options to choose from.
We definitely ate wayyyyyy too much, so exercise some self restraint, or be prepared to cancel whatever plans you had for later that evening.

This is going to be a long story.
So I went to my 1st Brazilian churrascaria at the Fogo de Chao in Chicago back in 2009.
It was awesome.
Probably one of the greatest eating experiences I have ever had.
Since then I've ventured to many other churrascarias (read my Texas de Brazil review) and always compared them to my 1st time.
Well, what a delight when I was visiting Vegas and saw that a Fogo de Chao finally opened up a location here.
So I invited my friend Angela to eat here.
And she's never been to a churrascaria so I was pretty excited.
I book a reservations online for opening dinner time, 1700.
Was really easy and no issues with booking.
We actually got there early and sat at the bar.
We took a look at their special menu of caipirinhas and asked the bartender what his recommendations were.
He was pretty awesome because he actually told us not to order certain drinks because he thought they didn't mix well and recommended their premium caipirinha.
We decided to order one of these and the melon flavored one.
They both weren't bad but honestly I didn't think they were amazing.
If you've never had one, give it a shot.
Myself, I think I'll pass on it for the future.
We didn't sit long before they told us our table was ready.
We sat down and the 1st thing I noticed was how dimly lit the lights were.
Almost like a strip club, it was a little strange.
I like to clearly see the food I'm eating.
Well, the meat ensemble started in.
16 different meats served tonight.
Admittedly some of the meats is really salty and left me thirsting for water pretty bad afterwards but still pretty outstanding overall.
Some of the meats definitely better than others.
You also get served three sides on the table.
Garlic mashed potatoes, fried banana, and fried yucca I think.
They're pretty outstanding.
The yucca is super crunchy, the potatoes garlicky and the banana really sweet.
The only problem with the sides is that you're so focused on eating the meats, the sides tend to get cold and definitely just don't taste as good.
So this is really the start of the beginning for me.
I think I've finally hit the wall.
I'm 39 years old now and my body's really starting to fight me back.
What do I mean?
I ate a ton of food that night and a massive amount of meat.
I thought I was going to die from meat poisoning.
That meat really stuck hard in my mid-section (stomach?
) and was crazy heavy the rest of the night.
I honestly just don't think I can do this anymore.
Just done with eating soooooooooooooo much meat.
Yep, I've over the hill.
Sigh.
So, what's the solution?
Why even mention all this?
Because if you're not a carnivore and get invited to come eat here, you can order just the salad bar for $20.
It's a great deal.
If I lived/worked close by, I would probably do this at least 1/month.
Maybe even for lunch.
The salad bar is awesome.
Something like 30+ selections on the bar.
Bar is like 20 feet long and different selections on both sides.
Really outstanding selections of food and all really good.
There was even a plate of just fried bacon!
Was salad topping.
Kinda crazy, I almost wanted to grab the entire plate it looked so good.
Finally for dessert we ordere the papaya cream and the flan.
The flan was outstanding.
Flan is usually too dense or too drippy and really hard to balance the two to make the perfect flan.
This was it.
Really just perfect.
Amazing.
The papaya cream?
Wow, it's almost like eating ice cream except it's not.
It's pretty awesome.
Definitely give it a try.
So finally at the end, for the two of us, about $150.
Oh, and they give military discounts!
So I paid less than that.
Though they actually messed up my discount.
It's suppose to be 10% off and my bill went from $152 to $147.
Oh well.
So if you still haven't tried a churrascaria yet and you live in Vegas, you've now two outstanding choices to choose from.
Here or Texas de Brazil.

Came here for dinner and it was pretty damn good.
I enjoyed the beef the most.
The filet mignon and some other steak cut were my favorites.
The chickens were really good too.
I didn't care for the lamb, it was my first time having it, but I don't think I'll be trying it again.
Although they give you small portions of meat at a time, I surprisingly got full pretty quick.
A little pricey, but worth it.
Plus the service was top notch.
My plate was rarely without food.

We were truly amazed at the wonderful food and service at Fogo de Chão.
The buffet/salad bar was delish, the side dishes were amazing, the cheese-rolls were to die for, and the never ending stream of 12 meat choices, delivered and carved table-side, were fantastic.
The meat was tender, flavorful, and delectable, and when I say never-ending, I'm not lying.
This staff is a well-oiled machine here, as well as being super friendly and attentive.
I can't say enough about our experience.
I would go back in a heartbeat and highly recommend to others.
As a side note, I've got a gluten allergy, and all but 3 items on the menu were gluten free, including the cheese rolls.
I was in heaven.
Thanks, Fogo de Chão!

As always, a great experience at Fogo.
The attentive staff really make the meal.
They are always there to make sure you have everything you need and that you are enjoying your meal.
The buffet area is well stocked and spotless.
The rotation of meats was varied and abundant.
I like that the servers ask if you have any specific requests and they bring them out to you immediately.
Go for lunch, the price is a bit lower and the food is all the same.
Make sure to ask your server if they can call you a cab back to the strip when you're done because it'll be impossible to find one down here otherwise.

These five stars are well deserved.
This restaurant is incredible, everything from the service to salad bar is top notch.
My boyfriend and I had reservations right at 4 PM on a sunday, which is when they open.
We got seated quickly, and then ventured on to the salad bar.
Everything was so fresh and presented so beautifully.
I love how they didn't have the typical salad bar items, but instead had things like artichoke hearts, etc.
The meats were all delicious, but I particularly liked the bacon wrapped filet mignon.
Nom nom!
:)  I actually didn't end up eating much of the meat because of the darn cheese bread!
It's simply addicting.
I couldn't stop eating them :)  Service was perfection, our server (totally forgot his name... Michael?
I really need to start writing names down so I can give yelp shoutouts for excellent service :), was very attentive and quick to bring things out.
I ordered a drink, but it was INCREDIBLY STRONG, so the waiter actually took it back and had the bartender change it up slightly, so it would be less strong.
For dessert we got creme brulee.
If there is room left in the stomach, I hightly recommend it!
It was quite delicious.
Though I experienced dinner here, I can't imagine lunch being that much different, so I would definitely recommend coming here for lunch.
It's about half the price and the food is pretty much the same.

My first Fogo de Chao dining experience was in Chicago almost a decade ago.
I moved to Vegas and was going to the OTHER churrascaria which was ok but had less got offer.
So, when Fogo opened their doors in November 2011, I was happy.
Excellent cuts and great selections of meat (picanha/top sirloin, bottom sirloin, filet, rib eye, alcatra), warm pao de queijo (cheese rolls/popovers), fried polenta and fried bananas.
The salad bar has great offerings: aged cheeses, prosciutto, smoked salmon, salami, artichokes, etc.
You can eat as much meat (or salad bar items) as you want.
Everything is so tasty that I keep my flip card green.
I always finish 3-4 plates of food and wash it down with Brazilian lemonade.
Truly a carnivores paradise.

I love fogo!!!!
I'm a regular at the Beverly hills location and the Vegas!!!
Every city that I go to that has a fogo.
It's a must go!!!!
Love the food and the service is exceptional!!!

Without doubt FIVE STAR !
Unforgetable experience !

Meat!
When my girl asked where I wanted to go for my birthday dinner this year I knew exactly where I wanted to go.
Service was excellent and I think I ate an entire lamb all by myself.
All the meat was prepared well.
There were only one or two pieces that were a little more well done than we would have liked.
We even got a free birthday flan from the restaurant.
I want to make this an annual birthday event.

Fogo is unlike any Brazilian Steakhouse I've been to before.
They are more upscale and service is the key to their success.
My fella requested we come here for his birthday dinner this year.
We arrived and were greeted warmly by the hostess.
We were taken to our seats and were attentively checked on by all the waiters and gauchos regularly from that point on.
Our waiter explained their ordering process and brought us our drinks.
We started with the salad bar.
We were careful not to fill up too much on all the delectables there, saving room for the mountain of meat to follow.
Then it was time to flip our cards from red to green and prepare for the onslaught.
All the cuts we tried were excellent.
My favorites were the lamb chops, flank steak and the Picanha.
There were a few cuts that were a little overcooked for my taste, but overall the food was fantastic.
The cheesy bread was subtle and fantastic and I have to say that I loved the salad bar.
I'd probably have no qualms coming back just to indulge in the salad bar while my fella protein-loaded until his heart's content.
At the end of our meal, the restaurant manager came by to talk to us and make sure we enjoyed our meal.
He even sent over some complementary flan for my fella's birthday.
the flan was excellent.
The service was perfection and the experience was exactly what I had hoped for.
We'll be back.

Best Brazilian Restaurant in Vegas hands down.
I recommend starting out with a traditional Brazilian drink, the Caipirinha.
It consists of fresh limes muddled with sugar and Cachaça, a Brazilian rum that has a slight tequila taste.
they have many varieties of this drink on their cocktail menu.
The salad bar... over 30 items ranging from salads to fresh cut salmon, grilled veggies and various side dishes.
The meat... my favorite was the fillet.
Amazing flavor, no need for steak sauce here!
With 12 different meats there's something for everyone.
I highly recommend trying this place.
At 50$ a plate its well worth it.

We came here for the hubby's 25th birthday.
The service is top notch,even Gordon Ramsay would be impressed.
We had two different servers and they were very prompt in brining out each dish and were quick to refill our glasses.
I felt like a princess!
This place beats Espetus hands down back in San Francisco!!!
Every piece of meat was extremely fresh and so full of incredible fresh off the grill flavor!
I felt like I was at an old fashioned gaucho parilla !
Next time I am in Vegas I WILL COME BACK!!
5+ stars

In Las Vegas there are 4  churrascaria style restaurants and in my opinion Fogo de Chão is at the top of the heap.
If I were to rank them based on my opinion they would stack up as I have laid them out below.
Fogo de Chão - Overall best meats and service.
Good deserts as well!
Texas de Brazil - Great salad bar.
Meats can be hit or miss at times.
Via Brasil Steakhouse - Good local hangout .
Pampas Churrascaria - Pricey as it is located in the Casino.
drinks are $$$!
Yolies Brazilian Steak House - Think this one is gone :(  Because Brazilian style steakhouses are all about the meats.
(Quality, selection, speed of service) We naturally chose Fogo as the leader.
We have dined at all the others on the list 3+ times so I feel this review is accurate.
We have yet to dine at Samba on the strip but we eat out often and hopefully will visit next week.

My husband and I came back here to redeem our "Complimentary Father's Day Dinner" gift card and things were even MORE exceptional this time!!
I absolutely would recommend this place!

We went with a party of 4 including my wife (Brazilian) to this place because of good experiences elsewhere (other Fogo's) and raving reviews on here.
Food-wise, its was great, I would give it 4 stars, however our waitress I'll give 2 stars, and here is why: Unfortunately we were dealt a very "pushy and present" waitress.
For example, we asked for the Mango caipirinha, and she basically talked us out of it, saying it's not very popular, we should instead have the one with Amaretto but my wife said she didnt like Amaretto.
So we asked for the original.
Next, the waitress comes back with the one with Amaretto, saying "I brought this one anyway, since I know you'll like it, you can not taste the Amaretto, and if you dont like it I'll bring you the other one".
Well, needless to say, my wife didnt like it, so we had to get her to bring the other one.
There were many more examples, like asking if a particular person wanted more wine while at the same time starting to pour it.
Taking plates and dessert orders while one person was still finishing the meat.
And at some point she was even dissing a meat server right behind us after he put the meat directly on the plate.
The experience just became such that we tried to avoid at any cost to have the waitress come to our table for any thing.
Unfortunately, the waitress we had overshadowed the quality we think this place had.

This was my second visit to Fogo.
The first was for an evening Yelp Eiite Event and this visit was for lunch with the Las Vegas Restaurant Week Fall 2012 pricing.
For a few dollars more than the normal lunch price, you get  a choice of 3 desserts and a contribution is made to Three Square.
The salad bar has fewer items at lunch than dinner, but they have the most common items you'd want including hearts of palm, some excellent sliced cheese (one of my favorites), chilled asparagus, and other items besides greens for salad.
The servers come around with their skewers of meat.
Yesterday's hit for me was the garlic steak.
What great garlic flavor!
I also enjoyed some lamb chops, boneless chicken breast wrapped with bacon and pichana to name a few.
In addition, you have some of the cheese puffs to start out and you get sides of mashed potato, fried and glazed plantain, and polenta sticks.
For dessert, I chose the turtle cheesecake which was very good.
This is a very solid, well priced coma-inducing lunch.
You want to come home and sleep for an hour or so just as you did after your mother's holiday dinners when you fell asleep during the football game.
I like this place!

Endless meats on skewers carved table side for you.Those familiar with this style of dinning know what I am talking about.
For those of you who don't, you are missing out big time.
First let me talk about the "salad" bar.
I have gone there and not had a single vegetable (sorry mom).
they have assortments of cured meats and cheeses.
what a way to start  meal that contains your protein allotment for a month!
The key to this place is to know when to give up.
one does that bay flipping the little disc on your table from green to red.
I have eaten so much I was physically and psychologically unable to flip my disc to red.
I spent the next 24 hours with the meat sweats.
I would do it again!
Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!

It's slowed down as of late, but I gotta thank my employment for letting me go to these networking shindigs.
Nothing like a few plates of free food to set the mood!
I will sit through countless meetings with salesmen slinging terms of 'cloud computing' and 'IPv6' in order to enjoy a great meal on the house!
Fogo de Chao was a great place to have one of these meetings.
The room was large and spacious, and was made private by room dividers.
Not to mention it's close to the airport which makes it great for those traveling in and out of town.
I'll cut straight to the chase...after fooling us into listening to their 'why you need our equipment' speech for 30 minutes, we finally hit the food!
Fogo de Chao, Texas de Brazil, and Via Brasil are all LV's better churrascarias.
Brazilian BBQ, baby!
All have excellent salad bars (which by the way have much more than salad), a number of excellent cuts of meat (and more meat...and even a bit more meat), and excellent desserts.
In my opinion, going to any one of these three places will do you well.
I think it just depends more on personal preference where you would like to go the most.
If you like lobster bisque and sushi (yes, sushi at a churrascaria), go to Texas de Brazil.
If you like lots of side dishes and some exotic meat offerings, go to Via Brasil (the chicken hearts are muy excellente).
If you really have no preference and just want to enjoy the meat-stravaganza, go to Fogo de Chao.
I really do like all 3 places, but I visit Texas and Via more because they both have e-clubs.
What does this mean?
BOGO dinner meals and special offers!
Yep, I'm still a cheapie.
Fogo de Chao starts you off with their yummy side dishes:  -Cheese bread (damn these are good warm) -Crispy polenta -Garlic mashed potatoes -Caramelized bananas -Rice and black beans (on request)  Along with this you get to peruse their salad bar which includes: -Aged parmesan and imported cheeses -Prosciutto -Hearts of Palm -Artichokes -Smoked salmon -Italian salami and ham -Asparagus -Tabbouleh  Fogo de Chao has over 15 cuts of meat as your disposal, here are a few I sampled that day:  -Picanha (top sirloin - love the garlic kick) -Alcatra (top sirloin cut popular in Brazil) -Fraldinha (bottom sirloin) -Cordeiro (lamb) -Frango (chicken) -Lombo (pork loin) -Linguica (sausage)  Meaty goodness I tell you!
I will say that many churrascarias heavily season their meats, so some cuts may come out a bit salty.
So drink your water people!
Or do like I did, get a can of imported Guarana drink, popular in Brazil!
Gotta love being comped!
Overall...damn I got meat wasted!
Everything was in fine order and my belly was full of sides, salad, and meat.
I liken it to a fancier Vegas buffet.
Food was great, and the service was top notch.
I wish I could do this for lunch every week!
But alas, the treadmill beckons.
And the countless hours of Insanity would have been wasted all on this beefy goodness.
I must not forget, our hosts let us order dessert as well!
Luckily we were able to take it to go.
I got me a slice of Turtle cheesecake for the road.
Unfortunately, I had to take that slice home...where I had to see my kids.
Upon which I told them where I had a free lunch that day, and watched the jealousy set in.
Therefore ending my day with my free cheesecake being devoured in it's entirety.
But not before I got a bite in!
Very rich but very good!
No matter which of the big three churrascarias you choose here in Vegas you can't go wrong.
Awesome food, awesome service, awesome experience.
Shimmy on down to Fogo de Chao if you have the chance and are honkering for a protein power hour.
But please, at least pretend to eat some salad!

Omg - Yes!
I am not a huge red meat lover, but I went to Fogo with a private group.
I have never been to Brazilian steakhouse, and I didn't know what to expect.
They have a salad bar, which I didn't experience as well as Brazilian-style sides.
The star of the show is of course the meat, which flows continuously.
They have steak, ribs, bacon wrapped chicken, chicken wings and etc.
The meat is perfection - well seasoned, tender, juicy - just amazing!
I can't really speak about the service since I was in a private area, but the food it definitely worth trying.

Before I start ripping this place for it's food, I have to give props where it's deserved!
This was some of the BEST service I've gotten in a restaurant.
And that was the ONLY reason I considered giving Fogo a second star, but alas, well, the service and the pudim (or flan in english).
It was the BEST pudim that I've ever eaten outside of my Mom's home!!!
And her pudim is to die for!
But the food, ahh the food, and the food was the reason for coming here right?
Well the food,  let me see where do I start...
I have to highlight the fact that I really don't understand any of the previous reviewers that have written an opinion on this place, perhaps they just don't know any better, or the premise of the place "clouds" their taste buds.
Because this is without a doubt in my mind, the second worst Churrascaria Rodizio that I have EVER been to (the worst being a whole in the wall that used to exist in Honolulu, but has since closed (back in 08 or so..).
It is important to salient the fact that I have been to several different Churrascarias in my life, throughout Brazil and the U.S. as well.
At the top of my list of good ones right now is Libra in Culver City, CA.
But I digress, I even tried to bring these facts to the manager, who at first tried to insinuate that I didn't know what I was talking about and became rather defensive, I understand, but customers concerns should be heeded, not argued about!
The manager being Brazilian, which I am also by heritage, however I do not carry an accent and while speaking English he simply saw me as a gringo, who doesn't know any better...
But alas I explained the facts of life to him, after which he stated that the "seasoning" had to be what's-the-word-I'm-looking-for: toned down in order to appeal to the palates of all the tourists and etc...
This confession only came out after I named more than a few places that I had been to, the fact that despite being born in the US I had spent 14 years in country and knew the food well.
The conversation also took a turn to history of Brazil, not sure why he went there, but anyways, I followed, and in the end I got the "truth" out of him.
Which in his defense I found out that bland food is the norm in Vegas, blagh, I never tasted food so without "life", taste and soul than during my stay here...  We even went to the M Resort's Studio B buffet, again another disappointing meal: best meals?
Secret Pizza and Sweet Tomatoes (yes, indeed!!!
)  Nevertheless, I felt robbed in spending the amount of money that my wife and I did for a completely lackluster meal, that doesn't deserve any of the praises that have been sung previously!
The molho a campanha was the worst I've ever had, I actually enjoyed the chimichurri sauce, which was a little sacrilegious; the rice was dry as well as the black beans, the meat in general was lacking in the taste area, properly cooked, but not much flavor (they went too light on the sal grosso!
), the buffet was bland in general and they did not have fries or onion rings (both traditionally present in similar buffets), only the polenta.
Overall I kept wishing I was back in LA at Libra!!!
Thank you for reading, and I hope I can help by saving others from this place!!

If you are a steak/wine lover, this place is like heaven.
I have been to 4 location in different cities but this place never disappoints.
Service is as good as it can be, great selection of wine.
Garlic Beef and cheese bread is to die for.
One time we had a small issue (server forgot to bring wine) and the manager comped the whole bill for the two of us.
I am a die hard fan for life.

Went for my mother-in-law's birthday.
The group of 12 loved every second of the meal.
Service was top-notch.
Caiparihnas were the best I've ever had.
The meats were excellent and plentiful.
Dining room was nice and clean.
But again, the service was really what put everything over the top!
Thank you, Fogo de Chao!

The best of the rodizio-type places in Vegas, at least that I've tried.
Way better than Texas de Brazil, and light years ahead of Yolies.
Tons and tons of Brazilians working here - if you are an expat and feeling lonely for the sounds of home, come for the conversation alone.
Service was impeccable, food quality was high.
The pudim is indeed excellent, as Marcel says, and while it may not meet his standards for rodizio, again, it's way better than the other options in town.
If you want meat, and lots of it, this is the place.

So now I can safely take Brazilian BBQ style of eating off the bucket list and of cherries left to pop by the culinary world..If you have to do it DEFINITELY do it at Fogo's!
The service is top notch and they give the vibe of not being fake friendly and want you to live up the night!
They do invite you to start with the salad bar prior to going carnivore which I was hesitant to do, but did find some well prepared bacon and cheese to chow on before going at it with the meat!
Well I can say that everything was very moist and literally melted away in your mouth when attempting to chew so there's a testament to how the preparation went..You are asked how you want it (rare, medium, etc) so you create your meal pretty much..I went medium rare for everything and I suggest that for any noob who ventures there for a sitting!
I had the picanha (flavored with garlic), bacon wrapped filet mignon, beef ancho, alcatra, fraldinha, frango, linguica, and limbo..My top cut was the fraldinha as I went back to that one countless times, but the fact it melted away melted me away!
I felt like I ate the whole farm that night, but there was no disappointment at any point!

This place has great, friendly service.
And yes, the free after-dinner (or before) chocolates at the hostess stand are delicious.
The Gauchos do not use Brazilian Portuguese terms for the meats... this was kind of disappointing since I was expecting that part of the fun learning experience.
Even if they have to explain what they said, that's part of the fun.
To skip this aspect seems... lazy.
Anyway, the Picanha is called "house special.
"  The bacon-wrapped filet mignon is CLEARLY the best choice; DO NOT waste time or stomach space on chicken.
The sausage was ok, definitely not the tastiest part of the meal, nor the best I've ever had.
It wasn't even second or third best.
I'm not a fan of lamb, so I skipped that choice.
The porterhouse was pretty good, but I suggest you ask for medium rare or medium since the well done cut is kind of a waste (and it wasn't very good).
Why waste room on the salad bar?
However, if you do, you'll find it has great options: asparagus, sun dried tomato, green olives, chilled grilled zucchini, spinach, lettuce, greens, tabouleh, etc.
They offer a free cheese bread; IT'S A TRAP!
Yes, it's REALLY good.
But that's how they sucker you into eating that crap instead of the EXPENSIVE MEATS!
The lemonade is more like limeade; it's very tangy, and I needed to add sugar.
The crème brûlée was very good, large even for two people.
It's a nice way to top off your meal if you still have stomach space and failed to eat enough meat.
Do yourself a favor and be sure to make a reservation.
Immediately after I was seated, I saw a tour bus full of Japanese tourists come in with their group and I was really thankful I had made a reservation.

So far I've gone to Via Brasil and Texas de Brazil... hmm, I would say at least four times each.
My boyfriend and I finally got around to trying out Fogo de Chao.
The meats were delicious (I'm getting hungry just thinking back on on our visit), but I wasn't all that impressed with the salad bar.
Though I haven't tried everything at the salad bars at Via Brasil or Texas de Brazil, they seem to have wider selections and I have found some dishes that I like; however, not too many at Fogo de Chao appealed to me.
I'll still give them 5 stars for now, though, because I didn't try too many of them and the rest of the food was awesome.
Also, it's not a huge deal as I don't go to churrascarias to eat salad.

Went for lunch and was GREAT !!
I find the dinner prices here too expensive when compared with other steak houses but lunch was reasonable for the same meats.
The Garlic steak was our favorite !!
The roving drink cart at some locations is an experience as well.
We very much like the salad bar.

My girlfriend suggested we try this place and it was an incredible experience!!
This is a very fun and entertaining place to dine, the meats were very good and the service is off the charts.
We are Las Vegas locals and we'll be back to this place.

This is a meat lover's paradise.
A Brazilian Steakhouse is not for the light hearted.
Fogo de Chao exceeded my expectations in all areas.
I honestly can't remember all the types of meats I tried because I liked them all!
My favorites were the House Sirloin and Top Sirloin.
It was marinated perfectly and tasted great with the Chimichurri sauce.
I like my meat medium cooked and all of the meat was cooked to my liking.
My absolute favorite part about my meal were the cheese puffs.
They were little puffs of heaven!
I must have eaten about 20 of them!
The only reason I gave it four stars is because I enjoy the salad bar offerings at Texas de Brazil more.
Don't get me wrong, they had a variety of salad items such as fresh cut salmon, cheeses, prosciutto and roasted potatoes.. but there is something about Texas de Brazil's Lobster Bisque that I crave.
Service was exceptional.
We had a large party of eight adults and two babies.
I like that they had high chairs and car seat slings.
They were quick to refill our drinks and replenish our cheese puffs and sides.
Best of all, they kept the meat coming!
This is a good place to go for large parties.
They have long tables and private rooms.
Just try not to go to the salad bar the same time as a party of 20.
I would definitely recommend Fogo to my meat loving friends.

This is always going to be on my Vegas food list.I would've been happy just going back to the salad bar over and over.Very easy to eat low carb/keto here.The meat was spectacular.I'm not a lamb eater (yuck!
) so I can't speak to that.Go Go Go!
It was $48.50 per person when I went for the whole sha bang (plus drinks obvi).Pricey,but oh so worth it.Come hungry.No..wait.Come famished.That way you can take advantage.

1st time ever at this restaurant.
The meats were cooked nicely and seasoned right.
Many BBQ/Steakhouses can easily under/over cook their meats and usually their under-seasoned.
My only gripe would be that their selection should include brisket and a pork tenderloin that is not crusted in cheese.

This particular location was not quite on par with the others in Houston and Dallas.

Good food and good prices, but wasn't the best Brazilian steakhouse I've ever been to.
The service was good, and the salad bar was exceptional.
I'll likely come back next time in Vegas.

All.
you.
can.
eat.
steak.
What more can the inner carnivore of every man want?
You start off with the salad bar to get your stomach warmed up for the main course: the meat!
When you're ready for the main course you flip your card over to green and the chefs swoop in like SEAL Team 6 and carve out pieces of steak onto your plate.
Seriously, I wouldn't be surprised if they dropped in from the ceiling when you flip your card over.
You definitely won't have to wait long trying to flag a chef down.
Moreover, If you're waiting for a particular cut of meat the chefs ask what you're waiting for and sends the appropriate dish to your table asap.
My favorite has to be the house special (picana sp?
), but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
Service is definitely the best in the business too.
All the servers and chefs are attentive, and the manager has greeted my table personally every time to make sure everything is perfect.
This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants, but can get expensive for dinner, so come around lunch time where it's cheaper and still has the full menu!

Fogo de Chao is a true monument to the unparalleled deliciousness of red meat.
The filet mignon, sirloin, rib eye, sirloin, brisket, and lamb leg, perfectly seasoned and flame grilled without that excessive salt we've become accustomed to when eating Brazilian barbeque, are all offered at the temperature of your choice.
Yes, at this churrascaria, the words "medium rare" actually mean something.
The accompanying salad bar, which is immaculately kept and beautifully presented, would make for a great meal in itself: fresh greens, tender mozzarella, sun dried tomatoes, artichokes, smoked salmon, roasted garlic, asparagus, to name a few items.
They also bring a few side dishes to your table that are actually worthy of taking up that precious gastrointestinal real estate you've reserved for all that meat: garlic mashed potatoes, caramelized bananas, and deep fried polenta (ESPECIALLY the deep fried polenta).
The service was incredibly hospitable and attentive, and the comfortable yet posh ambiance makes you forget that you're indulging yourself in enough food to feed the entire roster at a modeling agency.
For a year.
I'll be back.

If you like this place, you should try texas de brazil.
Food is better by far.
Atmosphere is nice if Fogo de Chao, but thier food is not good.
Very disappointing.
I've gone to all three of the Brazilian steak houses in town that I know of.
This one, the one in town square, and the one in summerlin.
Town Square is the best, then summerlin (hit or miss), but this one was worst and highest priced.

I had no idea how great everything was going to taste!!
In Vegas, you can't go wrong with Ricardo in attendance!
Everything from the atmosphere, to the staff and the amazing salad bar was fantastic!
Can't wait to go again!

Here you don't have the choice of menu items, you have no choice but to get the all you can eat.
I like my meat medium well and every time they cut me a piece it would be rare.
The head waiter had asked me if there was anything he can get me because he saw that my plate had so much red meat pushed off to this side.
I said yes, I would like more cooked meat, and he must have yelled at somebody because we just had servers after servers come up to us with well done meat.

Went with friends for a birthday and just wasn't impressed.
One of our party had been before, and loved the place.
My BF and I were just didn't think it was worth the $$.
Neither of us ate that much from the skewers, as it just didn't seem to have a lot of flavor.
When it was all said and done, we paid too much (drinks way overpriced) and left feeling unsatisfied.
I found it irritating that no one in party had their indicator turned to green at the same time, so we constantly had servers at our table which interrupted our conversations and left me feeling crowded.
For that price, we would have preferred having a good steak at Gallagher's or Twin Creeks.
Two people had the meals, dessert, one soda and two cocktails, with tip the bill was $192.

I forgot what it was like to eat at a Brazilian steakhouse compared to all the buffets I've consumed.
This was a real meat-fest.
Lots of meat, meat, and more meat on the plate.
Prime rib, sirloin, filet, chicken, pork - out of the churrascarias I've been to, I think Fogo's has the best meat (it's seasoned just right and tastes very good).
I think the attractive part of Fogo's is the meat.
I was not impressed by the salad bar.
Though it was presented clean and beautifully, there weren't that many selections to choose from.
(Just some cold cuts, cheese, asparagus spears, potato salad, some rice, and beans).
There was no fruit or other deliciousness.
The meal came with complimentary mashed potatoes, polenta, and pão de queijo.
I enjoyed the warm goodness of the pão de queijos the most.
Come here if you're looking mostly to dine on tasty meats.
If you want appetizers or other side dishes, or even a salad bar with more offerings, go elsewhere.
As it is, though Fogo's has the best churrascaria meats so far, I'm not sure it was worth the price (pretty expensive - $28.50 + tax per person for lunch).

Las Vegas has been inundated with Brazilian Steakhouses over the past few years.
I have been to them all...I had a soft spot for excessive amounts of meat for a while.
There are only two in Vegas worth attending...and Fogo de Chao is certainly one of them.
There are better steaks in town for the price, but nowhere near better all-you-can-eat.
In fact the discrepancy  between price, quality, and value favors the Elite Brazilian Steakhouses here.
There is a wonderful mathematical formula that proves this, but I didn't want to come off "all Elitist" on you...so trust me on this one!
I have a problem picking an outright favorite, but I love Fogo for there class, and attention to detail.
They do not have the largest salad bar...they do not even have the largest selection of meats, but they are the most consistent across the board for quality and execution.
Additionally, the service at Fogo is a step above the rest.
When in Rome, order some Roman drink...at Fogo go with a Caipirinha to start or finish your meal.
The other option...a bottle of Malbec!
Malbec has a good price-point in general, and Fogo has some great Malbecs...the result is a great bottle that drinks like a bottle 2x the price.

The 13 caipirinhas drink menu is one of a kind.
Made with real fruit (unlike some competitors who use fruit concentrate) and flair.
The food is typical brazilian with over 15 types of meats.
The salad bar is fair at best but when the meat is all-you-can-eat who cares?
The staff is very friendly and always stops by with a good story or joke.
I love going here for a special occasion!

When it comes to Brazilian Steak houses in the USA you get what you pay for...in the case of Fogo de Chao, you pay a lot.
Having a Brazilian wife and having lived in Rio for two years, I feel I have a good idea of what it's all about.
While the salad bar is subpar...who the hell comes here for the salad anyway?
It is the meat we seek and the meat was excellent, all the standard popular cuts, sirlon, fillett, skirt steak, pork, bacon wrapped fillet, chicken, sasuage...well you get my drift.
All perfectly seasoned and with a side of the baked bananas in brown sugar.For dessert, stop at the first item on the menu, Crema de Papaya!
OMG good!
The Manager came out to say hello, he is from Minas Gerias, and told us that they were opening two new stores, one near our home in San Francisco, the other in San Diego.
Surely a special treat, but were better to treat yourselves than in Las Vegas?

This place was a pleasant surprise.
I tend to shy away from Brazillian steakhouses for one main reason; I am extremely fussy about my cuts of meat.
It is undoubtedly from my childhood, where my parents would by cheap, fatty/gristly cuts of meat, and make me so there until I cleaned my plate.
So I developed such an aversion to fatty/gristly meat, that even as an adult, my gag reflex kicks in when I bite into a piece of meat, and am met with any kind of resistance.
(OK, I am fully aware that this is an awful way to start a review of a steakhouse, but bear with me;) So given this parameter, I've probably only been to 2 of these meat-palaces in my entire adult life, (up until now) and neither was a good experience, so I just wrote them off as not-my-thing.
So, last week, a business associate gave my wife a $100 gift card to Fogo, and we decided one night, what the heck, it's free, so we went, not expecting much at all.
First, we got there early, probably around 5-ish on a week night, so there was no crowd, and no wait.
Upon walking in, the hostess was very polite, attentive, and professional.
We were seated quickly, interacting with a few different people, server, water guy, bread guy, drink lady, etc...and every one of them was more professional than the last.
Just a top notch staff, which is becoming increasingly rare these days.
Upon looking around, I noticed that the venue was huge, featuring 2-3 private dining rooms in addition to the main room that we were in.
The next thing I noticed was that the whole place was immaculately clean, and tastefully decorated in warm woods.
Somebody spent a fortune on this interior, most notably, the decorative use of wood in the ceiling treatment.
Really pretty, and gave the room a friendly, inviting feel.
It was explained to us that we could go enjoy the salad bar at our leisure, and when we were ready for meat service to start, simply flip our indicator over from the red side, to the green side, which will indicate to the servers to start bringing over meat to sample.
We started with the salad bar, and I'm about to make a bold statement, but I dare say that this could be the best salad bar in all of Las Vegas.
A large, classy, 4-sided bar, featuring an incredible assortment of very high-quality foods, creatively and tastefully displayed and prepared.
I literally could have made this my entire meal, and did indeed contemplate it given my weird meat phobia, but decided When-in-Rome, and flipped my card to green, so beginning the meat service.
There were probably 10-12 meat choices in all, and I'll admit that my choices were very conservative.
I stuck mainly to lean beef choices like sirloin, 2 different types of filet, and a lean, center cut of ribeye.
I carefully asked for very thin slices, and admittedly trimmed the fatty edges off, as I am programmed to do.
But I must say, I ate a lot of meat that night, and everything I ate was flavorful, tender, juicy, and delicious.
I cautiously avoided the lamb, sausage, and most other cuts that were foreign to me, but absolutely loved everything I ate.
We didn't order dessert, but they brought us a complimentary flan anyway, which was so creamy, we ate the whole thing.
I absolutely loved this place.
I never would have come here if someone hadn't handed me a gift card, and now I'll certainly be back, so that was clever and effective marketing on someone's part.
Kudos.

Went back recently and have to say their meats were very good.
I can't get enough of their picanha.
It's heavenly.

Had their guarana.
Had their all you can eat meat.
Price was expensive.
I wanst impressed at all.
My only reason for going back would be to......oh wait, probably wont be going back.

Number 1 tip:  Come here starving - not hungry.
For those of you that have never been to a Brazilian steak house.
It is an all you can eat steak / meat place, where the servers come around with various cuts of meats on large swords.
The meats range from filet mignon wrapped in bacon to chicken and cheese and everything in between.
You must try the Brazilian cheese breads.
They are chewy and very cheesy.
They also fried plantains - which makes a good side, the sweetness will cut through the saltiness and richness of the meats.
I wish they would also serve the fried cassava / yucca - which can be found all the competitors.
They also have a full salad bar, with an abundance of meats, cheeses, pastas, and veggies.
A must for me here - the smoked salmon.
Please note that dessert is not included the meal - that's if you even have room for it.

My company had their Christmas party here this year and I must say it was delicious!
Everything from the bananas to the meat was cooked well.
The salad bar was nice too plus I had the cheesecake for dessert and I was expecting a standard size slice NO it was huge.
Yummy!
It's was my fist time going to a steakhouse like this and I would go again.
The reason I only gave 4 stars is because when you walk into the bathroom it smells like sewer Bad!

The s/o and I have been to several Brazillian steakhouses, including Texas de Brazil, Pampas and a few located in the San Francisco Bay Area.
I've heard of Fogo de Chao for several years, but there was never a convenient location until I realized there's now a location in Vegas so, we had to check it out.
Very typical setup as the other steakhouses we've been to, as it features a buffet of various salads, cheese, cured meats, and a few hot items such as rice, potatoes and vegetables.
They also serve you a plate of plantains, fried polenta and mashed potatoes...the instant kind, not real mashed potatoes, for the price you'd pay you'd think they wouldn't skimp on quality.
The saving grace was their cheese bread, it was seriously the BEST cheese bread from a Brazillian steakhouse we've had!
What nice is that they'll refill it with a piping hot batch on request.
They had a variety of about a dozen or so meats, varying from the traditional Picanha (Top Sirloin), Filet Mignon, Rib Eye, Pork Ribs, Sausage, Chicken wrapped in Bacon, and other cuts of Sirloins.
They also had a Rib of Beef, which is served cut from a cutting board but you have to specifically request it as it's not an item that they walk from table to table.
First off, avoid the sausage and even the chicken, you can eat that anytime, anywhere.
If all you eat is the Rib of Beef, do it, it's the only super darn delcious cut of meat they offer!
With that said, yeah, the cuts of the various beef were lacking in flavor, I almost wanted to ask for steak sauce.
Unlike other Brazillian steakhouses we've been to, FdC did not serve Grilled Pineapple...if you haven't had it, you're seriously missing out, it just makes you enjoy the various meats even more.
My biggest gripe about FdC was the ambiance.
It was a nice, typical white linen type of steakhouse.
However, although I do understand the "meat guys" as I call them are running around from table to table, there were just way too many wait staff walking around.
It made the dining experience slightly unnerving that you'd get bumped into (which I did), get something spilled on you (almost happened, but observed it happening on the dining room floor, twice) and just sheer pandamonium.
It seriously was like a sea of people dressed in white shirts running around like chickens without heads.
We've never experienced that at any Brazillian steakhouse we've been to.
There was even a guy pushing a cart of liquor from table to table, which added to the chaos.
When we got our check, we skipped using the plastic, left cash instead and seriously beelined out of there.
Sorry, can't say we'll be back.

If there was an option for a sixth star Fogo de Chao would receive it.
They are five shining stars on every level.
From food, to service, to ambiance they really take the cake in the "eat all the meat you can" category.
Without a doubt one of my favorite restaurants I've ever been to.
For starters, they have one of the most beautifully displayed salad bars I've ever seen.
If I didn't know you could eat 17 pounds of finely grilled meats I would probably just eat the salad bar and call it a day.
But because of the meats, that's just something I cannot commit to.
Great salad, awesome toppers, dressings are very good.
You even have the option of getting prosciutto, bacon, and fresh bread.
But you're reading this review not because you are a vegetarian, you're reading it because the carnivorous instincts have taken control of your palate.
Well fear not my friend, you have made a wise choice in considering Fogo de Chao to be your last meal (you see, it may be your last meal because you quite possibly could keel over after the amount of food you are about to consume).
They have somewhere around 14 different cuts of meat.
There are options of pork, chicken, and lamb.
The pork is exceptionally tender and juicy.
My favorite cut of meat that they have is the Filet Mignon and the House Cut.
Both are extremely tender and juicy, full of flavor, and cooked to whatever preference you have (anything but medium rare or rare is just a travesty in my opinion though).
The side dishes you get for "fillers" are really good.
My two favorites are the garlic mashed potatoes and the cheese bread/rolls you receive when you first sit down (save room, you may eat a bakers dozen).
Here's one tip though, take your time.
You control your meat destiny with a little card that can be flipped green, meaning you want more meat, or red, meaning you are enjoying what you currently have.
First time I went here I was on green-time the whole time and my plate was a meat extravaganza.
I was overwhelmed with beef.
The next time I smartened up and enjoyed my favorite cuts and took my time.
A much more enjoyable experience for a seasoned Fogo veteran.
Meat!
Meat!
Meat!

ive been to fogo and texas de brazil.
Fogo de chao blows texas out of the water.
everything is seasoned very well without being overly salty (which texas de brazil fails at) the only thing that lacks is the salad/hot food bar.
though i could care less about salad.
i was there for the delicious meat.
my favorite was the lamb.
the service was also very good.
i had my coaster flipped to green and the servers kept coming by so fast ididnt even have time to eat my meats.
i had to pause the service just so i can enjoy my lamb.
definitely recommend this Brazilian steak house over texas de brazil.

My first time at a Brazilian Rodizio restaurant.
My family all enjoyed the variety of meats.
I enjoyed the pork ribs, beef ribs, lamb chops and riblets most.
Some meats are tastier and softer than others.
Noticed that all the meats are lightly seasoned so had to add salt and pepper.
Overall a good experience, might go back, but now that I've had it once I'm ready to move on.

Awsome

I hate going to a great restaurant and only being able to have one of the many enticing meal options.
However, I hate most buffets as well.
Fogo de Chao is an amazing balance.
Starting with what can only be described as "bread balls", these golf ball sized delicacies were a delicious bread course.
You then hit the salad bar and load up on a variety of items not seen on regular salad bars.
When you are ready, you flip a red coaster over to the green side, and miraculously a variety of skewer grilled meats will start visiting your table.
Take a whole steak or lamb or chicken piece, or just have a slice off of what they are offering.
Or not.
The meat kept coming and I kept accepting.
Succulent and tender, beautifully flavoured, cooked to perfection--you couldn't have an empty plate for more than 30 seconds before a highly attentive server would be there to load you up.
After about 20 visits, I was ready to pass on desert, nearly 2 wonderful hours later.
If I was in a hurry, I could have been out in 30 minutes, but why rush ecstasy?
Side dishes included a dish of creamy garlic mashed potatoes, fried polenta and a third item I forgot.
Make sure you order the drink made with cane liqueur, but pace yourself--they can sneak up on you!

If you have never experienced Brazilian style eating THIS IS THE PLACE.
even if you have ITS A MUST IN LAS VEGAS.
great food great service and lots of BACON  BACON damn it how can it not be great with lots of BACON !!
BTW Try the BACON

You will wonder why you've ever eaten anywhere else

I had never been to a Brazillian Restaurant and I must say they are definetly carniverous!
First we started off to the salad bar and the smoked salmon was fantastic!!!
They had a salad dressing that was green, I believe it was cesar with cilantro it was absolutely delish!!!
Now at your table you have a coaster, one side is red and one side is green.
When you flip it over to green watch out cause they will be coming at you with all cuts of beef, chicken, sausage, pork, lamb... oh my!
It was very tasty... was TRYING to try everything but it might be impossible for some.
So I had to flip my coaster back over to red!!!
You are also brought sides to go with your carniverous plate... we were served fried polenta, mash potatoes, fried bananas.
You can also opt to go back to the salad bar where they have fried red potoates, rice and black beans.
All in all was a delicous experience.
I know you might ask how was the desert???
and  yes we did do deserts.
We shared the creme brulee, oh my so light and tasty, the chocolate molten lave cake ala mode another fav at our table.
You may not have to eat for 2 days after you've been here!!!
This place is great fun for a larger parties!

Always great food and great service.

Being a 20yr Executive Chef,  let's start off by saying every dish is meticulously prepared using the finest ingredients.
I was especially impressed with the cold bar.
I've tried many of the Brazil grills here and by far,  this Restaurant surprisingly out shines them all by a mile.
My tip would be, pace yourself at the cold bar no matter how great it is.
I always tend to fill up before I flip my card to start my meats rolling in.
They will come quickly so to keep the meats hot, flip the card over to stop and eat.

Went here for dinner with my husbands family for Christmas, the best part was the bread and the chicken wrapped in bacon.
Delicious.
My biggest problem was that the meats were so unbelievably salty!
My eight year old who loves her steak couldn't stomach it.
Personally I feel as though they over salt so that it makes you thirsty, therefore your constantly having to drink and getting full off the liquid vs the meat.
Way overpriced unless your seriously going slam down a ton of meat helpings.
It's a cool experience but nothing I'd go back to again.
If I'm going to spend money on a delicious steak I'm going to del friscos.

Red means stop and Green means go.
If you have never been to a Brazilian Steakhouse, this is a good place to go.
Although it's a "chain restaurant" and I'm not to big into chains, it is still worth it!
Great meat and very well prepared.
DO NOT load up on the salad.
Save room for the meat.
Get your money's worth from eating meat.
Although the chicken was a bit dry, I loved the garlic steak and lamb.

I cannot say enough how much i LOVE this place!
My boyfriend and I were out looking for a nice quiet dinner.
We contemplated going to one of the many restaurants on the strip but chose against it.
We saw Fogo de chão had good reviews and decided to give it a try.
At first when i walked in i was skeptical seeing the salad bar, but our waitress was very nice and welcoming telling us of their concept and that we would definitely like it so we stayed.
And i am sooo glad we did!
The cheese bread the bring out is delicious!
The salad bar was amazing, it had salmon, goat cheese and various other items to make your own anti pasto platter.
Our server told us to go easy on the salad bar as there was a lot of meat to select from.
We had some cocktails and wine and when we flipped over the card to green immediately we were offered one after the other the meat selections which were delicious.
They also brought out for us some mashed potatoes, parmesan fried, and deep fried bananas to cleanse the palate.
Our server was very attentive and kept coming back to check on us.
The creme brule was delicious.
I have eaten in many upscale restaurants but this place is a true gem.
Excellent food and outstanding service!

We came here over the Super Bowl weekend.
We've been to Texas De Brazil where we really enjoyed everything they had so we decided to try this place.
We did not like it.
The guys with the meat came by way too often as if their intentions were to get us full as quickly as possible.
This was not about good service.
Our bill was over 600 and we left there feeling so unsatisfied with just about everything.
Some meats were tasty but overall the rest were whatever...we won't be coming back.

We have eaten at this restaurant twice in three days.
If that doesn't say enough.
At $50 a plate not including drinks and dessert we have found this to be the meat lovers paradise.
Now that we have been here twice and we have found that you to eat very small portions at the beginning to figure out what meats you like then request the exact meat you want.

For dinner we take a taxi to Fogo De Chao.
The pasta bar is nice but the special apps they serve at your table are even better.
There are some seriously yummy crispy polenta wedges and Brazilian cheese balls.
I continuously remind myself to limit my consumption of these items and hold out for the all-u-can-eat "meat fest".
The winning cuts are the rib-eye (juicy and the best cut of the night), the pork ribs (not charred or smoky enough, over-seasoned and too salty for my palate) and the sausage (very juicy and perfectly cooked).
The chicken and lamb were decent but a bit overcooked and not moist enough.
I really wish that SKIRT STEAK was on their menu.
Skirt steak is a meat that is difficult to overcook which work well in this type of grilling environment.
Their flan is amazing and makes my list of my top five flans of all time.
The servers are the best we've had at this type of steakhouse.
When we turn down a particular meat each server repeatedly asks what cut of meat we're waiting for and they promptly deliver it to our table.
Additionally, there are a TON of servers so your meal will not be a long one.
As a result, do not expect a relaxing and drawn out buffet type experience where YOU control the pace.
You know the restaurant's end goal is to get you in and out quicker.
I suppose everyone does win since you eat the cuts of meat you prefer versus getting impatient and settling on cuts which aren't your faves.
Next time I will show more patience and wait for a particular meat with the particular doneness I am seeking.
Also, we will wait it out and take a break so we don't miss out on anything.
We aren't amateurs to this type of steakhouse but I do feel we filled up early on this particular occasion.

I think the sky opened and angels appeared.... Food was AMAZING, but I will be reviewing service.
We had my husband's 40th birthday party here, for lunch.
I made reservations online, requesting near the salad bar due to a wheelchair.
They allowed for balloons and decorations.
The staff were very nice and attentive.
They also offered a free dessert for his birthday.
We had a party of 6.
So they did add a 18% gratuity onto the check.
The bill was $243 and change, I left $250.
So worth it!
2 hours later, lots of photos, laughter, meat and iced tea my Dad tried to walk into the  "meat" room as we were leaving.
Hysterical!
I would definitely have another party here.

My mouth is watering thinking about this place (I shouldn't write reviews when I'm hungry).
15 different sorts of meat, unlimited salad bar, yummy warm cheesy bread, and authentic Brazilian caipirinha = yum.
I came here for date night and had a great time.
Our server was really friendly and explained how the the steakhouse worked as far as meats and the salad bar.
Each of the meat servers is actually a gaucho chef.
I think our server said there were 18 of them.
That means each of the gentlemen bringing you meat and carving it for you is actually the person preparing it as well.
That was impressive and nice to know.
As far as the food, some of the meats were hit or miss for me.
The sausage was just meh, the bottom sirloin was a bit salty, but the picanha, alcatra, and parmesan crusted pork loin were so delicious.
Most of the meats were juicy but had a perfect fire roasted char on the outside.
YUM.
I know they have several areas they can convert to private rooms for functions or larger groups.
I talked to the service manager and he let me know there's no fee to rent a room and they can even split everyone's check individually in a party.
I'm definitely thinking about doing my graduation party here with my family and friends!

What a great meal.
What a great time.
Everything was beyond excellent.
Our waiter, Christian made our experience over the top perfect.
The only disappointment was when i was full and had to stop eating.

Excellent customer service, wonderful and consistent food every time we come here.
Definitely the best Brazilian style steakhouse in Las Vegas.

This night is super busy!
Enough meat Togo around though!

The hubby and I came here for lunch during the week.
I can not say enough good things about the food here!!
The salad bar has great options, the meats are cooked perfectly and are salty, the sides that come to the table are incredible, and the coffee has to be one of the best  we have had in a restaurant.
The staff is friendly and we were seated right away.
I'm thinking that if you go during the weekend that may be a wait since it is not too far from the Strip.
Can't wait to come here again!

This place is indulgence.
We came for Restaurant Week, could have stayed the rest of my life.
The service was fantastic.
Friendly, very speedy and casual.
I didn't feel like I was in some pretentious joint and could relax and have a good time with my friends.
Even so the atmosphere is completely classy and is an easy choice for a meat-eater's date.
The food was excellent.
The salad bar was extensive with cheeses and veggie options.
I did make the mistake of getting too much salad though... save yourself for the masterfully prepared meats!
The garlic steak was one of my favorites, along with the filet mignon.
Very juicy and tender, and perfectly seasoned.
The variety of meats and how they were seasoned and prepared was impressive as well.
The after thought makes my mouth water!
They always have two or three "how done" levels on the same serving of meat, and if they don't bring the level of doneness that you want they will immediately return to your table.
Come hungry, and leave over indulged!

One of my biggest regrets of moving out of Las Vegas was not eating at this place before I left!!
The food here is amazing.
The meats practically melt in your mouth and the owner, Ricki is especially nice and comes around to the tables making sure that everyone is enjoying themselves.
He suggested I try Brazil's national drink, and although I was a bit wary of the price, I was NOT disappointed!!
Even their salad bar is amazing.
Do it.
It's worth every penny.
Dinner is around $50 per person but during their lunch hours you can get exactly the same thing for half the price.
Do eeeiiit!!!
Y.U.M.

Fogo Vs.
The guys from Texas?
I say its a close tie.
They both serve very similar heavenly cuts of meat.
They both offer a diverse salad bar and drink menu.
The price for lunch and dinner is slightly different, give or take a couple bucks.
Both places have exceptional customer service.
1 point for Fogo because they serve better tasting and cheesier cheese  bread.
1 point for Texas for their Lobster Bisque.
If I were to choose between the two, I guess I would say whoever thinks of offering free back rubs by beautiful brazilian woman first!
...On second thought, we were offered free flan for dessert by our waiter.. Good enough!

There's something to be said when I don't have The Hunger for the rest of the day...
Restaurant Week (RW) always seems to lure me to the places I would never go on any ordinary day, even though we did go on a Thursday.
Salad bar with more selections I could remember, however I did have some lime-dressed-scallions/greens/tomatoes/something that blended well with the meats.
Notably, the smoked salmon was a bit too salty for my liking.
My favorite of the meats would be the parmesean pork and the lamb.
I was never really a big fan of lamb, but this was soft and tender.
Water was never empty, service was top notch and I will have to remind myself to fast for a few days before coming here again :)

I love churrasco, but Fogo do Chao was bad.
Maybe it is because I just came back from Rio Grande do Sul, the capital of delicious churrasco.
I am so surprised, the meats weren't salted and the flavor was so bland.
Out of the 15 meats I tasted, I only liked the rib eye which was very fatty.
That is strange to me, considering it is a churrascaria.
The bananas.... Oh... it was like eating slimmy slimmy ewww.
I made them before and they were bad, but this was really bad.
The cheese bread was the best thing I ate and it wasn't even the real thing!
How can you mess up cheese bread!?
The salad bar was decent, however the potato salad didn't have flavor.
I have to say, I am disappointed at the taste of the food from this place and won't be returning.
I love churrasco, born and raised in Brasil, this food just won't cut it, it's an embarrassment.
Also, the caipirinha was bad.
The way this bartender made it is not the way it's supposed to be.
Caipirinha are meant to be sweet and lemony, this was bitter (???!!!).
However, on the positive note, the service was great.
But I still left hungry :(

Decided to eat here today for lunch today with some friends that are locals.
The salad bar was very diverse, but a lot of the sides had strange flavors that did not blend well with the meats.
No soups either.
The meat was delicious!
The selection was very good as well.
Their website lists the choices pretty accurately.
The meat wasn't over flavored either.
All in all, a good place to eat, but the sides need work.

The food, the service and the atmosphere are fabulous!
You could make a meal of just the salad bar, but, where's the fun in that?!
It's truly all about the meat!

If you're a carnivore this is the place for YOU!
:D Meat Heaven.
For $49.50 you have access to unlimited salad bar and 16 different cuts of meat.
Drinks are separate.
Waiters come up to your table with chicken, lamb, flank steak, top sirloin, bottom sirloin, ribs etc.
Try not to get full from the salad bar though.
It's great for a birthday dinner, anniversary, date or just because.
You're guaranteed to leave full and satisfied!
:) Great service!

Finally, I get a chance to try the legendary Fogo de Chao.
As far as Brazilian Steakhouse's go, this place is the best I have ever tried, and it thus earns an easy 5 stars from me.
We came for lunch to maximize our value, and we came HUNGRY.
Let's get to the reviewing!
The salad bar has mostly what you'd expect at such a place.
A good selection of green leafy vegetables is what I recommend because it's healthy and keeps you from filling up too much before the good stuff.
The cold mushrooms and asparagus are both decent options.
They have those spicy little red peppers that I enjoy, as well as a decent selection of cheeses.
The mashed potatoes side arrived shortly and wasn't extraordinary but decent.
Once the meat began to arrive, it was pretty relentless.
I loved the sirloin steak, medium or less.
The Flank steak was surprisingly juicy and tasty as well.
I love that they often offer multiple levels of cooked for the customers, and if you want something rare that they don't have, they will simply make some more for you promptly.
You'll want to try the lamb steak but the lamb chop wasn't particularly impressive.
I probably ate 3 orders of the signature fogo cut, which has just the right amount of pink throughout the cut.
The garlic sirloin is also delectable, without being overly flavored.
I went crazy for the rib eye just as I was reaching maximum fullness.
The service is very good here-- they seem to take their reputation seriously as the premier Brazillian BBQ in clark county and they treat you with respect and care.
You won't find better in this town, and hence they get the 5 stars.

I have been to many Fogo de Chao so I know what to expect in terms of food.
Same all over.
Good quality.
Good selection.
What stunned me about this location is the customer service attitude.
I ordered a bottle of 2009 Spanish wine.
The waiter brought the 2010 bottle and tried to open before I mentioned the year difference.
He then claimed that they ran out of the 2009 and it was the same taste.
When I challenge his thinking and asked it was a different price he insisted that it has to be the same price and asked me to pick something else if I don't like that!!!!
That attitude in a good restaurant is a formula for disaster.
Zero attention to customer service will make me not go there again.
At least NO to that location.

Friendly service.
Great food!

Came here twice and this place never let me down!
We made a reservation on Open table at 8pm on a Tuesday night and surprisingly it was overbooked so we had to wait at the bar for about 30min.
My boyfriend and I didn't really like that because that's the whole point of a reservation.
But it is during the convention week and I think it means the food must be good!
We sat at the bar and had their special drink Caipirinha.
It was amazing and there, I wouldn't mind waiting :)   Once we are seated, our server Sergio came right away to take our drink orders and explained how they "fogo" here.
A little bit later, their manager Ricardo came and said hi.
We are very happy at how friendly people here are.
They have a salad bar in the center of the restaurant and it has pretty much everything, rice and beans, also lettuce, cucumber, tomato, mushrooms, celery,etc.
you name it.
As for the meat, my favorite is the lamb with mint jelly.
All their other meats are amazing too!
My boyfriend literally started to sweat from eating lol we are both on the edge of a meat coma after an hour here.
They have a card on the table and you are flip them to indicate if you want more.
The Green one is more and the red means no thank you.
They will keep coming if it is green.
The first thing that surprise me is that most of the workers there are from Brazil, managers and cooks.
Another thing is that each  "meat server" is not just a server, they are actually the executive chefs and in charge of their own meat station.
That's why they can tell how cooked the meat are and which kind you want!
At the end of dinner, I am very positive I am pregnant with food baby!
I think my boyfriend too he just wouldn't admit it lol We were so full that we couldn't even move!
But wait, what's going on?!
The manager brought us desert : their famous flan.
It is amazing!
The sweet thing is not just the flan but he actually had  "xie xie" written in chocolate on the plate for us!
because I had mentioned I am from China when he came to the table the first time.
My heart melted at that very moment.
It is just not a business no more, not just a manager and customers relationship , but more personal and more like friends visiting each other now.
I am truly impressed.
Will I come back again?
ABSOLUTELY!

Been to so many Brazilian Steakhouses and this one has to be one of the top on my list..
Came here for lunch with a group of friends.
I made reservations in advance (open table!).
Moment we sat down, server introduced and took our drink order.
We were asked if we had been here before.
We were shown the salad bar.
I love how each person would have their own little "More/Stop" meat service tab.
Most places would have just one tab for the table.
Very efficient.
Lets start with the salad bar, big selection.
Things that stood out to me was the cheese and salami treats.
I get suckered into that.
We came as soon as they opened so I believe that most of the meat was still cooking, but once we came back from the salad bar..
It's on!
Endless meat and quite a selection.
I found their signature (picanha) was amazing; moist and tender packed with flavor.
Most Brazilian Steakhouses carry the same common meats, but Fogo had a parmesan pork loin (lamb).
I was in for a treat!
Sadly, I could not eat a lot.
The table also had additional side item such as caramelized banana and polenta.
It was across the table from me and I could not reach it.
We each got a dessert.
I went for the turtle cheesecake.
Suck when it comes to cheesecake.
I felt that I picked a solid choice.
When it arrived, lots of caramel.
Smothered it in, and as a nice display, a little orchid next to it.
Amazing!
after my first bite.
The service of course was superb!
Most of the meat are well marinated and packed full of flavor of course made me thirsty.
I went through plenty of water, luckily our server was on top and made it endless for me.
I am amazed that they were able to provide such service even when the place was getting a lunch rush.
Lots of places fall short when it comes to the front house, but they got it down here!
The atmosphere here is a little dim, more of the "special occasion" type.
Not too loud.
Square and round tables available.
Nice little display on the way in (Rack of meat on a fire pit).
Def will come back.
I just have to build up a better appitite for next time.

What a great place.
We went late on a Saturday night and got seated right away.
The waiter was attentive and quick, our water glasses were always full and we always had fresh bread and sides.
The buffet portion of the meal was lovely, with lots of fresh salad ingredients, cheeses, and interesting items like asparagus and fresh mozzarella.
The cheesey rolls they bring to your table are like crack for your tastebuds--you just can't stop eating them.
Then of course, the main event: The Meat.
Waiters come to your table offering whatever they have on their skewers and everything we tried was fabulous from filet mignon to New York strip to lamb and pork ribs.
Every bite was heavenly and we ate until we couldn't move.
There's nothing truly unique or fancy, but if you like quality meat, in massive quantities, for one set price, with lots of side dishes, this place is for you!

My husband and I chose Fogo for dinner last Thursday night.
It was simply amazing.
I love fresh vegetables so I really couldn't stop at the salad bar.
The beets and asparagus were mouth watering.
We tried all the meats they offer.
They were all so yummy and juicey.
We enjoyed the mash potatoes, bananas and polenta.
The  service was amazing!
Can't wait for them to open their new location in the Gaslamp this summer!

I have to say I kinda liked this place.
I have been to three of these places in Las Vegas and Fogo is definitely in the top class area for this type of eatery.
Reception - I have to give this 1 star.
We had reservations for 6:00 pm and she greeted us very coldly.
Then they seated us at a table closest to the kitchen and bathroom where traffic, noise and disruption was very high.
This and the restaurant was about 85% empty at this time.
Not sure what the person was attempting to achieve, however the impact was of great disappointment.
1 Star.
Service - The best part was the team service.
Everyone we met worked well together and they were so professional.
We even asked if it was possible to move from where we seated and they told us that we could sit wherever we were most comfortable.
Each person was high on attention, doing whatever it takes, and even going out of their way to bring the type of meat we wanted.
That is customer service - 5 Star.
The food - I really like their extensive salad and appetizer bar.
All sorts of veggies, fish, deli meats.
Pickled stuff, breaded stuff, all sorts of STUFF.
IT is great and just don't get too stuffed on eating this great display of wonderful tidbits.
4 star.
The meat - Using the red and green coaster to signal if you want meat or not is traditional in a Brazilian Steakhouse.
Works to perfection here.
We really enjoyed: - The BBQ Port Ribs - Filet Mignon - Flank Steak - Lamb - Prime Rib  There are over 30 types of meat they serve and some specials.
This is 5 Star.
The price - Not bad, a bit expensive, but you do get a ton of food.
Just about 45+ for the full meal and 25.00 + for just the salad bar.
Just pace yourself!
4 Star  6.
Dress Code -  I believe that they want you to be smart casual.
YOu will see every form of dress code here from chic smart dressy to raggedy shorts.
Just be yourself.
GK says, check it out for sure.

"Reservations recommended"...  i was thoroughly impressed with Fogo De Chao.
For a place that is basically a buffet with servers bringing you meats to the table.. the operation is well executed.
I am no stranger to this style of service as I grew up with a restaurant of this type nearby in California.
This particular situation was just great all around.
Great service, nice salad bar with great items and condiments for your meal, and of course the never ending supply of meats hot from the kitchen.
Steaks, ribs, pork-chops, pork loin.. just a great selection.
All perfectly cooked and served piping hot.
It is around $50 a person, but worth every dollar I believe.
IF you get  a chance, I say give it a go!
Happy Eating!

hate this place.
Manager was an a-hole.
Wanted to charge us a $45 dollar cork charge and didnt even want to work with us.
We had a party of 6.
Oh well, his loss.
We went next store and spent over $600.
Great job moron.
Steps over a dollar ti pick up a dime.
Pennywise and dollar foolish!

Looking foward to our guys night out at Fogo.
Found the staff to  pompous and rude.
Went to go sit down and asked about their corkage fee it was $45 per bottle.
When we asked to speak to a manager to see if this is true, due to the large amount that was quoted , we were met with a rude reply.
So the six of us just got up and went next door.
Their neighbor was more than happy to accommodate us in only charge us $15 for a corkage fee.
Don't get me wrong  I don't mind paying a little more for corkage fee at a nice restaurant, but really it's just a glorified buffet.
The sad part is we probably would have dropped about $600 that night.
Maybe we'll go to Texas de Brazil next time .

Too much meat and the salad bar was ok.  You have to ask for the chimichury (sp) and habanero sauces or you'll just be eating meat with a BBQ flavor.
It sounds good but you need to add something or you'll just be eating grilled beef, chicken or pork.
The beef was good and cooked well but the white meats were dry and lacked flavor.
I'm a typical guy who loves steak and prime rib but this was too much.
I was beefed out within 15 mins.
Go if you like eating nothing but meat and stay away if you get bored of it easily.

Ohhhh the bread, that's to die for.
Obviously you have to go there when you are hungry and you are meat eater (though salad bar is extensive and very fresh).
Service was great, waiters don't always speak good English but this is Vegas.
I do wish the front reception would remain in place longer, we wanted a cab but there was no one at front or bar section and had to take a limo instead.

Best Salad-bar Ever...  My wife doesn't eat meat, and walked away from this place full, happy and content.
She liked the smoked salmon, the fresh black beans and the veggies and salads available.
Meats are cooked to perfection and the servers know what they're hauling around.
The manager came to our table and talked with us for a while about what they do there and what they're trying to go for.
I've been here twice on business trips and as a non-regular meat eater (former vegetarian) I will come here again... which usually means having a month's worth of animal products in a few hours.
FYI, they don't rush you... which is good.
Great Brazilian attitude.
Come in, sit down, graze, drink and socialize.
This is not a place to come before a movie or to grab a quick bite.

This is my favorite restaurant in the world.
14 Different meats!
Each meat cooked to your preference all on the same "sword?".
The service is very efficient and quite speedy.
Their salad bar is awesome and very fresh.
Each meat I've had there (and I've had them all) is always delectable and prepared to perfection.
I can not recommend this place enough!!
I tell all of my clients to try this place and they have all loved it!
Thank you Fogo for all the great experiences and for always taking care of my clients!!
WE WILL ALWAYS BE BACK!

Attended dinner meeting in a private room.
Beautifully renovated interior.
Excellent ambiance, service and attention to detail.
Quality salad bar selections and savory skewered steak.
Great for personal and business, but go there hungry.

A bit pricey, but great food.

U have to try this place.
The food is really good and the staff or nice and humble.
Came to this place on my anniversary with my partner.
So delicious!

I know there are a lot of reviews on yelp that Fogo to choa is better than Texas de Brazil, but the fact is Texas de Brazil still gets five stars.
The salad bar at Fogo to choa was great, the food is fresh, the steak is juicy and wonderful, and the service is amazing, however it still isn't Texas de Brazil.
Texas de Brazil Has way better cheese bread,and the steak is more salty and juicy.
The salad bar at Fogo to choa again is fresh and has lots of options, however doesn't have the flavor of Texas De brazil, it is missing the grape salad  and other cold salads, the dressings aren't as good either.
All this being said this Resteraunt is still amazing and I would still go again.
I enjoyed the ambiance and since I went for Mother's Day the management gave a gift to all mothers of three free meals (dinner or lunch )!
Very nice touch.
This Resteraunt is definitely worth trying.
But for the money TDB can't be beat!

Ohhh Brazilian food is the BEST!!!!
You have to try this place - many locations around the US!
The food is amazing and the staff really nice.
So delicious!!

I had the pleasure of going here this past Sunday night and it was a delight.
I'd been to restaurant of this style before and I must say it was just as good, if not better.
The food was prepared very nicely and the staff was trendy yet professional.
I will definitely return again!

I had the pleasure of being treated to dinner here last Saturday.
This place is AWESOME!!
The food was fantastic!
The salad bar had a variety of healthy items to eat but you don't want to eat too much especially if you are a meat eater!
After salad, here comes servers with all different types of meat.
Beef, Pork, Lamb, Chicken and Sausages!
HEAVEN!!!!
The meat melts in your mouth and the flavor is to die for!!
I highly recommend this place, it's a bit pricey but soooo very good!

We just recently went because my brother was married in Vegas and it was awesome.
I really enjoyed the food and if you like strong drink they have there house specials and believe me its wroth the money.
They are pricey but you get to enjoy ton's of different meats and you leave super full and satisfied... also service was great!

Quite possibly the best Brazilian steakhouse in Vegas.
The service is great, the meat comes in a wide variety, from sirloin to filet mignon, from lamb chops to lab of lamb, it truly is a carnivores paradise.
First time I went there, I was in awe at the selection; soo many choices!
Second time I went there, I tried the salad bar, and wow is it nice!
However, my problem with the place came with my third visit...the bartender didn't seem competent at his job and made my friend and her mom and dad some terrible tasting Caipirinhas (three different ones).
Via Brazil wins in this category.
Overall, fogo is excellent, will most definitely come back...but I won't be ordering a Caipirinha if that same bartender is there (or hasn't learned how to make drinks properly).

This is the third Brazilian steakhouse restaurant that my husband and I have tried and it is the best thus far.
The service was great.
They servers were very observant.
At the other Brazilian steakhouse restaurants, I found the chicken and pork to be really salty, but here it was just right.
All the meats were perfect and would melt in your mouth.
I don't normally like lamb, but here it was quite tasty.
They had a good selection on wine.
It was our anniversary when we came here and I had put that note under the reservation online and when we ordered dessert they had written Happy Anniversary on the plate.
We've never had another place do that for us before and it's the little things that count.
It was a great experience with great food.

Like meat?
Then yes, indeed, you will like Fogo De Chao.
I was a little surprised when we arrived at the Las Vegas Fogo De Chao, as it was almost 8 PM on a Friday night and the parking lot was more than half empty.
I had been thinking for a long time, that Las Vegas really needed a Fogo De Chao, but apparently not everyone agrees, as the restaurant itself was only half full.
Is this because of the cost of dining here, or perhaps there are so many good dining choices in Las Vegas including several other excellent churrascarias?
I don't know, but it was not because the food was not excellent because it was.
Having been to the Chicago and Beverly Hills locations, I knew what to expect, and I was not disappointed, the cuts of meat were as delicious as at their other locations, the caipirinha were perfectly prepared.
My favorite cut, the sirloin cap picanha was superb, I think I had 6 or 8 servings of this.
The lamb chops were divine, bacon wrapped filet and chicken yummy, various other cuts of sirloin, rib eye, filet all outstanding.
Service was good on this visit, but not great, we did at one point have to wait for a second round of drinks.
What else can you say, but an endless delivery of the freshest tastiest meat cuts, prepared exactly as you wish them, cut for you off the skewer by the gaucho servers, it doesn't get any better than this.
One tip, you can overdo the salad bar, which is very good, and short yourself some space to fit MORE MEAT, so go easy on the front end.
Recommended, for those with no dinner budget ( base cost per person for the dinner buffet is now $49.50 plus tax, tip and drinks) and a taste for all things cow, pig lamb and chicken!

Best salad bar ever.
Everything is fresh and crisp.
The smoked salmon is great along with the cheeses and prosciutto are so good!
The meat is always great.
My favorite are the house special and the filet mignon.
The service was on point.
We took our 3 young children and they didn't even charge us.
That was really nice because they eat like birds!
I have been to the Beverly Hills location and its always packed.
This location was not packed at all!
Maybe because its off the strip and there are so many restaurants in the hotels.
I would definitely recommend this place if you're looking for fine dining and excellent service and short wait to be seated.

This is a Vegas staple for my friends and I!
We always go to Fogo for lunch before we leave Vegas.
Their lunch and prices can't be beat.
The service is impeccable and the quality is superb!
I only eat from the salad bar and that alone is worth the cost!
My bf and friends always gorge themselves on the 16 types of meat ohing and ahing the whole time.
I love the fried polenta and cheese balls that comes with the meal too!
If you can't afford the dinner price definitely go for lunch it's all the same thing for almost 1/2 the dinner price!

If you love meat, this is the place for you!
Other foods?
Not so much.
Service was AMAZING!

Okay I wanted to take my girlfriend out to a nice dinner and she's Brazilian so I figured "why not?
" We arrived on a Friday night around 9:30 for our 9:45 reservation.
It looked pretty busy so I think the reservation was a good idea.
It saved us about a 30 minute wait time.
The hostess was awesome and very patient when explaining the serving process.
Which is pretty interesting if you've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse, but I won't spoil it!
We started with the salad which I had a heard from others that they could be better but I wasn't there for the salad anyway so I didn't pay to much attention to it but It was tasty.
Then it was time for the real deal, the meats.
My girlfriend said it reminded her of her grandfathers cooking!
That's when I knew it was authentic Brazilian.
I was speechless the flavors the tenderness and the juiciness of the meat was INCREDIBLE!
My girlfriend was also super excited about the Guarana which is her all time favorite soda from Brazil!
She still wanted one more test.
When one of the gauchos came to our table she asked him what meat it was in Portuguese and HE RESPONDED!!!
I don't think they all speak Portuguese but the fact that one did told us that they really did bring the culture and the authenticity to the table.
The food was amazing and the service was impressive.
Definitely going back!
This is as Brazilian as Vegas gets!

Great food, great meats!
Love the passion fruit Caiparinha!

Love... Love... Love... this place!
The food is awesome as always but the service is amazing and that's what will bring us back again.
The price is also cheaper than the one in LA ($26-27 vs. $34-35 for lunch).
The servers are very attentive, the side dishes are replenished constantly without being requested so we could have it fresh and hot all the time.
The waiter even put on my bracelet for me without being asked after seeing me struggled a little trying to put it on myself.
He also picked up and return the money that I dropped on the floor.
Awesome place to be and .... oh I forgot about dessert, the flan is like giving you an orgasm in your mouth!!!
And the best part was getting a tour to the back kitchen to see behind the scene action of the meat skewers mingle with the fire.
Definitely coming back here on our next trip to Vegas!!

The food is awesome as always but the service is amazing and that's what will bring us back again.
The price is GREAT!!!
The servers are very attentive, the side dishes are replenished constantly without being requested so we could have it fresh and hot all the time.
The chocolate cake is the best.
Definitely going back.
The best Brazilian grill in town.

Love it.
My favorite in Vegas

Absolutely the best, doesn't get any better.
Salad bar is wonderful but you need to save as much room for the rest that you can.
Forget death by chocolate this is death by meat haven't found anything that isn't worth the visit.
The green light is on...

come hungry!

My fiance, friend, and I came here on 04/25/2013 for a fundraising dinner benefiting Junior Achievement of Las Vegas.
The experience and service was wonderful.
I really enjoyed the traditional Brazilian side dishes.
Especially the Pão de Queijo (warm cheese bread), crispy hot polenta (basically polenta fries), and caramelized bananas.
Their salad bar is wonderful!
I enjoyed some aged Manchego cheese, Prosciutto, Artichoke Hearts, Smoked Salmon, Italian Salami, Asparagus, broccoli, etc.
We tried almost all the different cuts of meat they offer.
The Picanha (their signature steak, prime cut of top sirloin.
), Filet Mignon, Filet Mignon wrapped in Bacon, Linguica (sausage), Lombo (pork loin), Costela de Porco (pork ribs), Cordeiro (lamb chop), Alcatra (special cut of top sirloin), and Frango (chicken) wrapped in Bacon.
For dessert, I got their Signature Papaya Cream.
I'm assuming because they were busy and overwhelmed, I was passed frequently even with the green side showing on my card.
I had to flag down our server a couple times to ask him to bring specific cuts that we wanted.
Gratefully, our server was awesome and very attentive.
Anyway, I didn't really enjoy any of the cuts.
Some were cooked more to my liking (medium rare to rare), but I received a lot of overdone and dry cuts (especially the chicken, blah) and the filet wrapped in bacon was disappointingly overdone as well.
I know it's not made-to-order and "buffet" style, but I didn't enjoy the meat as much as I feel I should have and the green/red card was useless!

The service was great and so was the food.
I especially liked that every meat was offered from rare to well done.
The seasoning was just right and all the meats i tried were nice and juicy.
As for the salad bar, no complaints here but I only tasted a few things.
The Fogo Caipirinha was delicious!!
Make sure to come hungry.

I don't give many places 5 stars, but this place is very well deserving.
Great food and service.
Very friendly staff.
The salad bar was nothing short of amazing and all meats are cooked to perfection.

I went here the last night of a work convention before I flew home that evening.
I pretty much avoid chain restaurants at all costs, unless it is a place like this.
This restaurant is fantastic.
This is definitely not a place for vegetarian's and vegans (you're missing out, btw).
I really enjoy how they keep this place authentic as much as possible.
The side dishes like the polenta fries are awesome.
The salad bar is great.
The meats are decadent and cooked to perfection.
You will definitely never leave this place starving.
Service is great and VERY attentive.
Your plate and glass will never be empty.

amazing

This place is delicious.
The staff is very attentive you will never go without a drink or food they pretty much all wait on you hand and foot.

So on a recent trip to Vegas, my friends and I were trying to decide where to eat.
The cabby mentioned this place, which I have heard of before.
What I have heard is the food is very good.
Needless to say, we chose to eat here.
The place has an upscale look and feel as you enter.
We were greeted immediately and taken to a table.
The place was pretty busy for a Saturday night.
When the waiter came, we all ordered the standard bbq that comes out on large scewers.
After ordering, we went to a large buffet style area that offered tons of sides and compliments to the meat that was soon to come out.
Within a few minutes of getting back to the table, food begins to arrive.
Tons of great steaks and chicken.
All were delicious and they never sowed down on bringing itout until you flipped your card from green to red.
So for dinner and one mixed drink, it was $75 per person (including tip).
Well worth the price for what we got.
If you like the brazillian bbq type of eating or are curious to try it, be sure to come here and give it a try.

Jonathan recommended we eat at this joint, back in late January 2013.
Little did I know he was making reservations for a Brazilian Restaurant.
I say that because I have never been to one and my first visit would be at one of the finer places to eat at on the restaurant chain.
Jonathan, Mike & I casually strolled up to their salad bar-1st thing to do after being seated.
We didn't get too much since we knew the main attraction would be coming at us, at our table, in waves-juicy morsels of meat....!!!
I always asked for the medium/rare cuts and was well accommodated.
The setting was good, table service was impeccable, and having somebody come by to explain what was going to happen and did happen made the experience that much more enjoyable.
I will be back to this particular restaurant since it has been established as my pinnacle of Brazilian fine food dining.
Thanks Jonathan!

Pricey but worth every last dollar.
Absolutely delicious.
If you ever want to splurge a little on a night out, this is definitely a recommendation.
Carnivore's paradise, and unlike other AYCE experiences, the food is all top quality.
Obviously, you will never leave hungry.

The service was fantastic and the meat quality was excellent.
But the restaurant had a dirty wet sponge smell to it.
Plenty of meat and sides to go around.
The salad bar was ok.

meat madness!!!!!!!!
top sirloin, to die for!!!!

Best steak I have ever had in my life!
non-stop premium meats!
The Bacon wrapped filet minon was my FAVE (drool).
Love the fresh salad bar too.
I Definitely recommend this place, but be prepared to spend a pretty penny especially if you are coming for dinner.
We try to hit this spot whenever we go to Vegas now so we can get away from the strip and have some good food with an upscale feel.

As far as brazilian steakhouse goes, Fogo de Chao is probably my favorite here in town.
I tend to find that Texas De Brazil's meat is too salty, but here at Fogo de Chao it was cooked and seasoned perfectly.
And hands down they have the best cheese bread.
They are light and cheesey and just bread perfection.
The salad bar also has a wide selection, comparable to the other places in town.
Another stand out feature is that they have fried polenta as a side dish-.they were crispy little sticks of fried goodness.
Tastes similar to a fried potato- just genius.

The food was delicious, service was prompt.
Ambiance was also nice, wish we were seated in the middle of the room, but was there during a busy time.Do make reservations--I did and was seated within 2 or 3 minutes.
The waiters/waitresses were very nice.
The meats were also delicious, not a big fan of their Lamb however, but then again, Im not a big fan of lamb in general.
The salad bar was also delicious, but I wouldnt indulge too much with the salads as there are too many other choices of steaks that one should try.

excellent salad bar, wide variety of meats, great service, planning return visit.

I was reading my first review for Fogo from a year ago and it was drier than a  well-done steak!
Fogo is one of my favorite chain restaurants.
I come here a lot and this week, I came here twice...listen to the Duchess (as I'm rolling me eyes at people who make dukedoms a big deal!
Haha!)!
This place beats the other churrascarias in town in terms of meat selections, cleanliness and service.
If you want a particular kind of meat, just tell one of the gaucho guys or any of the servers.
As they say here "we work as a team".
They won't wait until your glass is empty.
It's cheaper if you go during lunch time but you don't get beef ribs.
I'm a big carnivore.
People laugh at me hysterically when I think about becoming vegetarian.
This place is actually great for both carnivores and herbivores.
Although you'll get your money's worth if you eat steaks than just get stuff from the salad bar.
They give you fried polenta, mashed potatoe, fried bananas (helps you cut the fattiness of the meats) and pao de queijo/ cheese bread/ popovers.
THE MEATS: They recently added Fogo steak to their meat line-up - it has a thicker layer of fat.
Picanha/house special top sirloin, bottom sirloin, filet, rib eye, alcatra, filet wrapped in bacon, chicken, chicken breast wrapped in bacon, leg of lamb, lamb chops, beef ribs (not available during lunch), garlic sirloin, pork loin, pork ribs, sausage and rib eye.
My favorites are: garlic sirloin (very garlicky), picanha (thin layer of slightly crisp fat) and bacon-wrapped filet...all cooked medium rare, of course.
All meats are tender and flavorful.
THE SALAD BAR: They have soup, tabbouleh, beans and rice.
Non-veggie items: bacon, cheeses (parmesan, mozzarella, manchego), salami, prosciutto and smoked salmon.
Veggies: lettuce, sun-dried tomatoes, fresh tomatoes, asparagus, broccoli, mushrooms, heart of palm, artichoke bottoms, peppers, etc.
with different salad dressings (I like basil pesto).
Last night, I had a crazy idea of just doing the salad bar.
I survived not eating steaks but I know I over-payed for a loaded plate of veggies, smoked salmon, bacon, cheese, prosciutto and a basket of pao de queijo for $28.
THE DRINKS: My favorite is their Brazilian lemonade.
It's lime juice blended with condensed milk...it's non-alcoholic but it's way better than it sounds.
I get this all the time...free refills!
You have to have a caipiranha or two.
Last night, I had a Strawberry Lemonade Acai Caipiranha...it was strongly delicious.
It has Acai Spirit, Grand Marnier, Sprite, lemon and muddled strawberries.
I would also recommend the Melon Coconut Lime Caipiranha - coconut rum, cachaca, melon liqueur and muddled lime.
THE DESSERTS: Papaya Cream, Strawberry Cream, Key Lime, Flan, Molten Chocolate Cake...but my absolute favorite is their South American Flan (tastes just like how my mom used to make it).
It's creamy and sweet...very delicious!
The basics: if you're still eating your salad or if you're not ready for meaty goodness, flip your card red side up.
If you want meat to keep coming, flip the card green side up.
If you don't like a certain kind of meat and a gaucho guy approaches you, you may politely refuse.
You don't have to keep using the same plate.
If you're just doing the salad bar, don't freak out when they take away your flip card and tongs - you won't need those.
They have private rooms if you have special occasions/ meetings.
I've used them before and it was great.
Obrigada!

Love it!!!
Mr.  Ricardo customer service always VIP all the way.
I was introduced to him by my good friend Mr. Neri/Regional Manager West Coast Division.
I was there on the grand opening when Mr. Neri recognized me from the Beverly Hills location where I'm pretty much a regular.
Fogo basically like a carnivore's heaven.
This is coming from a weekdays vegetarian girl!
lol.
I love it here.
The meat always consistent to what you order.
And I love how just after a few rounds they take noticed of what you like and don't like.
Now that's customer service.
Every time I go to Vegas,  Fogo is ALWAYS been my stopping ground.
They always get it right here, Beverly Hills, Scoots, Texas, Atlanta, doesn't matter where you go first class all the way

Since I seem a lot of good reviews from my fellow yelpers decided to give this place a shot and this place is awesome!
We went there for dinner.
It's a bit pricey but who cares when the food,service is great.
Meats are perfectly cooked, salad bar has a lot to choose from and the cheese puffs what can I say damn those things are good had 3 baskets of those little things.
Overall a great experience that is what I expected.
Comparable to TDB can't go wrong with either one.
Both are equally as good.

I've been here couple of times.
I love their meat, but i'm not so much a fan of their salad bar (compared to others, I guess).
Food overall is good (thus the two stars), but I'm not rating that for now.
Last time I was there, the waiters were very unprofessional.
Perhaps, it was not a busy day, but i thought that staying together in one area as a group--chatting, gossiping, I really don't care what they are discussing about--in front of guests is not appropriate in a place as fancy as this.
I mean, they were just there, talking, not minding their customers.
To be honest, I felt uncomfortable asking my waiter anything because it felt like I was interrupting their conversation.
They didn't come back to check if the customers needed anything, except if they were actually called on.
It was not a good experience for me (and the people I was with) even if the food and ambiance were great, and it was upsetting that we paid a lot to have service as such.
Bottom line: not coming back again (unless if someone's paying).
Anyways, there are other Brazilian places in town that I haven't tried so maybe it's time to explore some place else.

I saw great comments regarding this place.
All those have posted regarding this place I have prop you were correct.
This place is great food was just so good it's hard to put it in words.
If look meat and aren't happy with on servicing than this place is for you guys.
At long has your tap card next to you say green they will keep bring great juicy meat.
When you thing you had all you can turn that card upside down to red.
Ok ladies sorry i forgot about you the salad bar is great everything is great from the green plants to protein cooked.
The sweet tooth people the dessert is great.
We had the cheese cake and it was so good that we finish pulse order anther piece.

This place has the best cheddar bread balls I have ever had.
Similar to other Brazilian buffets.
Flip your card over if you want meat, flip it over if you don't.
Customer service was amazing.
People will check up on you frequently making sure everything is fine.
Bacon covered sirloin was my favorite.

HATE  Nothing.
DISLIKE  First server was not as welcoming as the others (which may have been due to a language barrier).
LIKE  The shrimp and mango salad.
The salad bar.
The cheese bread, plantains, and polenta cake sides.
The papaya cream dessert.
The team of servers.
The ambiance.
LOVE  The different cuts of meat especially the house special, the bacon wrapped chicken breast, and the flank.

Of the Brazilian restaurants in Las Vegas Texas De Brazil wins in the battle against Fogo De Chao, Pampas and Via.
Fogo De Chao is still good- I personal like Texas better and this is why:  The salad bar at Texas has more options including two different types of mushrooms on hot and one marinated and cold, Fogo just has the cold ones.
Texas has a variety of cheeses to include goat cheese and crostini toast, which Fogo does not.
Fogo has bread for the cheese which is fine but I am spoiled by the options at Texas.
Texas has two types of asparagus white and green and a delicious Quinoa salad.
The main difference however is Texas de Brazils potatoes- their potato salad is better and the also offer scalloped potatoes and lobster bisque which Fogo does not.
Sides: Fogo offers polenta fries which are delicious something Texas does not have, however Texas mashed potatoes beat Fogos hands down any day of the week.
When we got the potatoes at Fogo the server was like "and our delicious garlic potatoes".
now if you are a potato snob like I am you can tell by visual appearance alone if potatoes are from a package- which these were.
The consistency was watery and tasted like instant.
BUMMER.
Texas however, and I say this every time I eat there has the best mashed potatoes!
They are so creamy, smooth and delicious.
The plantains are equal at both places.
Cheese bread- actually I think Fogo  wins on the cheese bread, but Texas is still good.
Meat: Both are equal- I personally think Texas might be seasoned a little better- my friend said that she thought Texas meat was a little more salty.
Service: both places have EXCELLENT service.
You will feel welcomed and full.
Fogo was extremely prompt.
I didnt even notice my friend had flipped her card from Red to Green and the server was already bring us our hot sides and  meat was coming our way- my friend said it was like they heard the air as the card flipped over.
Finally- Price Fogo is a little more expensive.
If your just doing salad bar go to Texas I think light lunch there is $19.99 and Fogos is $24.99 full lunch at texas is $26.99 and Fogo is $29.99.
Dinner both are around $50.
Side note: When I walked into Fogo's I was hit with the overwhelming smell of meat- which I actually did not enjoy that almost turned me off- There is no meat smell at Texas.
Try both see which you like- but personally Ill be at Texas for my Brazilian feasting!

Fogo De Chao is a Brazilian Steakhouse, AKA an All-You-Can-Eat Delicious Meat dinner.
They also have the option of just doing the salad bar if you are not a meat eater.
The sides and salad bar have tons of fresh veggies, imported/gourmet cheeses, cured meats, and various Brazilian style side dishes.
Let's just say there are a ton of great options to start with so definitely start by grabbing a plate here.
They have these cards on the table with one side green (go-feed me more) and the other side red (stop-I'm full or need a break).
Flip your card over to green and the chefs start to serve you fresh cuts of meat that are brought to your table and sliced right onto your plate.
Choose from chicken (even bacon wrapped chicken!
), beef (at least 3 different kinds), pork, sausage links, and they even have lamb.
When you are satisfied then flip your card back to red.
I'm always so full that I don't have room for desert but one of these days I'm gonna try the Molten Chocolate Cake!
The table next to us ordered it and I was literally drooling.
I'm getting hungry just writing this review.

How did I forget to write a review about Fogo??
I've been here twice so far, for Father's Day lunch and a date night dinner afterwards.
For Father's Day lunch, I got a gift card to come back for another free meal...awesome!
If you have never been to a Brazilian Steakhouse like this, it is essentially AYCE salad bar, cheeses, soups, etc....as well as unlimited steak, chicken, pork, and etc skewers served to you by the wait staff.
What separates Fogo from the other spots in town is the quick service, friendly staff, and meat quality.
Since it is AYCE, go ahead and try a bit of everything!
I start off with a single plate of goodies from the salad bar area, hit up some of the cheeses, soups, seafood options, and misc.
Then I head back to the table and start grabbing the good stuff as it passes by!
The most notable cuts to me are the Filet Mignon, Garlic Sirloin, House Sirloin, and Sausages.
I try the lamb cuts, chicken, and pork, but these are the powerhouses IMO!
Give em a go sometime...I guarantee you'll have an excellent time!
Pics :

Holy meaty deliciousness.
I can't believe I've waited so long to try this place.
It blows away any other Brazilian steakhouse.
Let's start with the salad bar.
There's a make your own Caesar Salad with Parmigiano Reggiano, you can have it shredded or grated.
I went with both.
It was so good.
Some other options on the salad bar that I really liked, full artichoke bottoms, Peppadew peppers, Aged Manchego Cheese, Baby Swiss Cheese and marinated mushrooms.
I tried to limit the salad bar to one small plate to safe room for the good stuff.
I almost missed the bread on the table.
I'm not sure how something so small can be so yummy.
It just looks like a little biscuit, but you definitely have to try it.
Somehow it basically melts in your mouth leaving hints of cheesy, buttery bread deliciousness floating all over your tongue.
Make sure to eat them while they are hot.
Side dishes: The fried polenta was actually really good.
I've never had it before, but somehow I'm positive that no other place will make them this good.
Garlic mashed was also pretty good, as were the caramelized bananas.
The Meats:   Top Sirloin (Picanha) very tasty.
I preferred the garlic seasoned version, but both were good.
Ribeye (Beef Ancho) My favorite of the meats...
It's just so delicious.
It seriously melts in your mouth.
The flavor dances all over your tongue.
I can't even explain it.
Lamb (Cordeiro) The lamb was very tender and had a very subtle flavor.
Flank Steak (Fraldinha - Bottom Sirloin) I think  2nd favorite.
It was so tender and seasoned perfectly.
Each cut of meat is more delicious than the last.
This place is so good.
To top of the dinner we ordered the Flan.
It was drenched in creamy caramel and whipped cream.
It was exquisite.
The service here is absolutely superb.
My water was never empty.
The minute you flip your card over to show that you would like a new selection of meat, one of the carvers is by your side.
Our server made sure we always had fresh bread and replenished our sides as needed.
I felt like everyone in the place was concentrated on making sure I had everything.
Next time I go back I'd like to try the Filet and the beef ribs.

I had no clue what to expect when eating at a Brazilian steakhouse.
It was delicious!!!
The waiters were VERY attentive!
Not use to that... Wasn't a bad thing.
They never let your drinks go low, anytime you turned your card over for more meat, 5 or so people came right away!
Their bread and fried bananas were to die for!!!
Worth the $50 for dinner.
Definitely going back!

This is really as good as it gets.
The food and service is great.
Can't wait to go back.

One word...
MEAT!!
When planning our recent trip to Vegas, I was eyeing a few different places for dinner on Yelp and chose this as our first dinner of the stay.
We were very pleasantly surprised to be greeted by a very helpful and friendly server who laid out the whole idea of dining at a Brazilian BBQ.
His first suggestion (and a very good one) was to go LIGHT at the salad bar.
The whole point of dining at this type of restaurant is being able to try a whole list (15) of different cuts of meats.
Meats range from Chicken, Beef, Pork & Lamb cooked several different ways.
I enjoyed each and every cut and left my seat barely being able to walk.
If this wasn't such a nice place, it would definitely qualify as a stretchy-pants must.
The fried plantains were so good that I saved them for last.
Our server took the last bit that I had asked him to leave on the table, but brought out a brand new hot plate when he realized his mistake..
Score!
The manager suggested a couple drinks to try and was spot on with his advice.
The girlfriend ordered a Strawberry Lemonade cocktail (delicious) and I went with a Brazilian Beer that was a great suggestion.
Be prepared to be a little overwhelmed with service for about the first fifteen minutes of your experience.
It's just the nature of this place and all of the advice that you will receive from the staff is very helpful.
Again, go LIGHT at the salad bar!
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat!!
(For you PF fans ;)

The food was delicious however the service stands out the most with this place.
It was incredible!!!!
We were greeted by so many awesome employees including the management staff creating an unforgettable experience.
The price is more than worth it and to top it off...cheaper than Texas de Brazil (plus the service was not all that at all there).
I will for sure be visiting again.

My favorite Brazilian steakhouse.
Their meat does not even compare to any other of the other Brazilian steakhouses I've been to.
Great selection at the salad bar and good fried plantains.

I came to Fogo during Restaurant Week 2013.
After trying to make a reservation the first weekend of restaurant week, I was denied because they were already booked.
Since this was going to be one of my birthday meals, hubby said to call back and ask for something towards the end of the week so he could take the day off for it.
I called back asked about Friday, August 30th (last day of restaurant week) and the woman on the phone said 2 pm was available so I reserved the spot.
When we arrived on the 30th the parking lot seemed dead.
For a place that was booked the weekend before, why did it seem nobody was here?
I soon got my answer on the front door.
They stop serving lunch at 2 pm and pick dinner back up at 5 pm.
Fogo called as well e-mailed me conforming the reservation, so I was baffled.
Entering Fogo we were greeted and taken to our table.
We sat for a few minutes and then our drink order was taken.
I then headed to the salad bar where I was surprised at how some stuff looked very fresh and other stuff looked like it had been sitting there untouched for a while.
There was food scattered about along the salad bar and the ranch dressing had a ladle from another dressing inside of it and the ranch ladle was just laying on the counter.
I avoided having ranch (my fav) on my salad because there was just too much of a mixture of who knows what inside of it.
I went with a few things that looked fresh like tomato, mozzarella, croutons, parmesan and the basil dressing I put on it was delicious.
I wasn't able to have anymore salad, but will explain about that later.
So, the meats started coming.
The servers were nice, but I don't know if they understood us or what.
I told them what type of meat I would like and they would bring something else.
They asked how I liked my filet and I said closer to well-done and I get brought a piece of raw red meat.
The meat was seriously hit or miss.
Some pieces were either very flavorful and tender while others were too raw or nothing but grizzle.
The best thing here isn't the beef, but the sausage and bacon wrapped chicken.
They do cook those 2 things right and the bacon wrapped chicken might just be the best I have ever eaten.
Included with the meal were sides.
The 'Mashed Potatoes" were just average.
The "Cheese Bread" was dry and disgusting.
The cheese bread tasted like a old biscuit.
The "Carmalized Bananas" were actually very good, but the "Crispy Polenta" wasn't for me.
I don't know if this experience was due to the time of our reservation or not.
I wouldn't have even picked the time if it weren't suggested to me by Fogo.
Then dessert came.
Fogo claims the "Papaya Cream" is their most requested dessert.
Most requested by who??
Sure it looks pretty upon presentation, but this dessert had zero flavor.
I could have opened a jar of baby food (the dessert was that consistency) and tasted more flavor.
Everyone at my table left their dessert unfinished.
Too bad I didn't try more from the salad bar before we got cut off.
The server came to our table and said that the salad bar was going to be closing so the employees could eat.
WTH?!?!?!?!?!?!?
The RW menu price was $30.13 and included an all you can eat salad bar, endless meats and a dessert.
By this time we had only been seated maybe 20 minutes and were the only customers.
I felt like we were the ones intruding on the employees eating since it was several of them at the salad bar and sitting at the tables near us.
I first must that I think it is a great perk that the employees get to eat a free meal.
They work hard and if the food is going to waste anyway then why not let them enjoy it too.
I just don't understand why paying customers get cut off so they can have that perk.
Dinner didn't start until 5 pm and it wasn't even 2:30 so these employees could have let us enjoy our meal and then stuff their faces.
I contacted Fogo about this and got a call back from Whitney, who said they do let the employees eat, but they should have waited until we were finished.
Whitney never once said she was sorry on behalf of Fogo and never returned the promised phone call the following day.
Just because the small salad I was allowed to eat tasted good and the bacon wrapped chicken was to die for, doesn't mean everything else was acceptable.
I would much rather give my money to Texas de Brazil.

I always know that the best way to bring a smile to my wife's face is to take her to a churrascaria.
We were on our way to Texas de Brasil when I said, "You know, Fogo is closer; why don't we try there?
" I'm glad I did.
Let's start with the service.
Even though they were fairly busy, we never had to wait for a waiter to come by.
The drinks refilled almost as if by magic, and everyone was friendly and nice, and happy to give suggestions as to what is their favorite part on the menu.
The manager, Ricard, came by to introduce himself, and chatted for a while.
We definitely felt like valued, important guests.
It was like the experience you get when you're a regular at other places.
So, I liked that.
Their salad bar is better, in my opinion, than that of TdB.
More selections, and what was on it just tasted better.
If my wife wouldn't have glared at me all night for blowing $50 on a salad bar and the fried bananas, I'd have just stuck with that, and been pretty happy.
The meats were all really good.
(She seemed to love them, at least.
) There's fewer meat selections than where we were heading, but the stuff was all cooked perfectly.
I even enjoyed the leg of lamb, which is surprising, since I see lamb as a form of punishment.
One of the servers told us of some off-menu items to try, and those were amazingly good.
Well worth the money.

50.00 is very cheap for most restaurants.
But not for this place all the meats are dry and low quality cuts.
I tried every single thing on the menu everything I ordered of course extra rare and still dry.
The lamb had good flavor and was best.
Salad bar has nice options.
Service was very good atmosphere nice as well.

For my husband's birthday we decided to try this place out, since we're fans of Texas de Brazil.
Well, don't worry about losing us, TdB, because we were entirely unimpressed.
Most of the reviews here mention the wonderful service; I feel like we must have been in another universe entirely.
We arrived early and were seated promptly, but that was about it for the service perks.
We had HORRIBLE service, especially from the meat-bearing men (you know what I mean).
We both had our cards on green, and time and time and time again we were passed by!
It was so bad at one point I even held mine up and waved it in the air (I didn't mean to be so obnoxious but I was seriously annoyed) and STILL no one came by!
We were seated around plenty of other tables and they were served, we even tried calling out to them and got nothing.
The manager came by and we asked for him to send two different types of meat over, he said okay and left.
They NEVER SHOWED UP.
We flagged down another server and asked and finally got them.
Our plates sat empty for the majority of the meal because no one would serve us!
I have never experienced this at TdB or any other restaurant where we paid over $100 for a meal.
The meat itself wasn't bad, I really appreciated the menu to see what we hadn't yet tried.
My husband preferred the way the meat is seasoned at TdB, and I will say that I have a different understanding of "medium rare" than these chefs do, but to each his own.
The polenta fries were DELICIOUS, but as for the other sides we prefer TdB.
And the salad bar felt lacking, but this could be a personal thing as I do love my lobster bisque and they don't have it.
My husband ordered a cocktail, I passed on a glass of wine because prices starting at $11 seemed unreasonable (and we're locals, I feel like it's hard to surprise us with expensive drinks).
His drink was over $13 but it was tasty (however, it was a smaller sized portion).
Finally, as mentioned, it was his birthday.
So we ordered dessert and were served with a lovely chocolate cake with a plate that read, "HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!
"  We thought this was hilarious, but I was annoyed, I had obviously mentioned it was his birthday when making the reservation.
The manager came over to wish us happy anniversary and we laughed and told him it was my husband's birthday actually, then the manager said, "Well, did you say anniversary on the phone?
"  Ummm... no, no I didn't, I'm pretty sure I specified birthday.
Overall, we were definitely underwhelmed and will not return.
Considering the high prices, abhorrent service, and dishes that are not on par with TdB, it was a disappointment.

Hope you like meat, because that's really what it's all about here!
Leave your little coaster on green light, and let the feast begin!
Waiters bring out skewers of different choices of meat from sirloin, flank steak, bacon wrapped chicken, pork ribs, filet mignon, and parmesan crusted pork.
Yes, there is a salad bar, of which i felt like I had to balance out my meal, but not the highlight.
All of the staff bringing out the skewers was overwhelming at first.
I was like can I finish chewing first before you bring out more????
But who was I to say no to more succulent cuts of beef, and ribs, and more beef!
My only "beef" hahaha, was that once the staff saw that our party of 12 was slowly putting out their red stop signs, they pretty much stopped entirely while there were a few of us carnivores that were still chowing down.
We had to ask for the filet mignon and the parmesean crusted pork, and even then they brought out one piece of the pork.
C'mon mannnnn!
Gimmee mo' meat!
The staff handled our large group well, and even brought out a complimentary order of flan for the guest of honor, which was better than I was expecting since I'm not a big fan of flan.
I will be on the look out for more of Fogo de Chao and other Brazilian steakhouses when I'm on a meat binge.

Fogo De Chao in Las vegas was good, but I felt that the meat was a bit more salty then how the fogo de chao in Beverly Hills prepared their food.
It could have been just an off day but the service was great and the desert was delicious.
The creme Brulee  and flan was very sweet satisfied my sweet tooth.
Was over all worth the trip off the strip to eat.

Just celebreatd my birthday early there on Friday and this most recent experience has turned Fogo into my new favorite special occasion restaurant in Vegas (sorry Lawry's but I still love you too!).
Thank you hubby for the most amazing surprise - he told me we were going to the steakhouse at Silver Seven and I believed him!
Super friendly attentive service throughout.
Started out with pineapple-lime Caphrinas - so delicious that my friend and I each had three!
Was surprised that it added $90.00 to the bill but they were deelish!
The salad bar is so fresh with tons to choose from - but being a fan of Texas de Brazil and Via Brasil - I knew to not be tempted too much -a small caesar salad with crunchy bacon on top is all I grabbed.
Our friendly server brought out their amazing cheese biscuits -interesting tidbit - they are actually GF- they are made with yucca flour so no gluten!
We kept gobbling them up.
Soon we moved our cards to green and I was blown away by all the amazing meat!
I won't go into the same detail as discussed below but the pichana and garlic filet were my

My wife and I ate here on our last night of Vegas vacation.
The salad bar was good.
The meat itself was a-ok, but a rather limited selection compared to other Brazilian steakhouses in San Diego or San Francisco.
Fogo is said to be coming to Santana Row in San Jose early in 2014 so I'm waiting to go check them out and give them another try.

This place was sooo good!
Excellent variety at the buffet and the meats were outstanding.
The table service was also outstanding.
There was always someone there to make sure we had what we needed.
I liked it better than Texas De Brazil.

This was my first time at a Brazilian steakhouse, and all I can say is... WOW.
My group decided to celebrate our last night in Vegas with a meal here, and each and every one of us immensely enjoyed our decision.
Our waiter was amazing, engaging, friendly, and didn't rush us at all.
Our reservation was on the later side, and even though we were there well past the restaurant closing, he did not hurry us once.
We truly enjoyed our interaction with him, and he patiently explained each seasoning on the meat, and each menu item.
His wine suggestion was very good, and not something I would have selected without his recommendation.
The salad bar was all very fresh.
I sampled tiny bits of a lot of the items, but I didn't want to get too full, because to be completely honest, we were all there to sample the meat.
At times, the choices were a little overwhelming.
It is pricey, but SOO worth it.

My husband and I go to Vegas twice a year and we always have dinner there.
By far the best Brazilian steak house that I have tried.
Being Brazilian, I always miss the authentic food and I can tell you, that's the place to go.
Amazing tasty cuts of meat, sides are awesome and the service, well the service is absolutely outstanding.
They serve so many different meats... You can have all the filet mignon you can eat!
The black beans are delicious and I love their fried polenta.
I have tried Fogo de Chao in São Paulo, Brazil and in California, and all I see is the same consistency of one of the best restaurants I  have ever eaten at.
Stay away from the other Brazilian steak houses on the strip.
This is the place to go to.

The staff is impeccable always hustling always keeping your glasses filled.
Having gone to several Fogo de Chao's in other cities this one was among the best.
Meats were flavorful and properly cooked, never had to wait more than a few minutes to get my personal favorites

You thought only Jenna Jameson could get 16 different meats in one day?
Think again...
This place would keep anyone satisfied and filled with delicious hot meat.
Why only four stars?
Don't pick up my check while I'm still sitting there dude!
I know you are anxious about your tip, but simmer down!

I ...hate vegas.
I find it dirty there...and weary to touch anything.
There is an imperative conference that takes place here to which is a must must for my company.
My whole trip there is pleasant due to the people I'm with and this place was definitely my cup of tea.
I am not a huge Meat consumer, however, i ate more meat here than i have in my entire life.
It  is cooked to perfection, and .....mouth watering .....good.
They also have fish and a salad area with more yummy goodness...its definitely a mans world in here but I am looking forward to going back next year and getting my chow on.

True brazilian style bbq!
Best steak is called picanha and must try their caipirinha (cocktail).

Amazing food , filet Mignon is one of the best I have ever had .... Service was great always very friendly ... Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves Brazilian Cuisine

Felt like royalty here!
Freakin delicious!
Expect to pay $5 per soft drink!

So I'm not one to spend $30 on lunch... and probably won't be again for a while.
I can't knock the place for my own likes and dislikes so I'll just say that the service was spot on, the food was quite impressive and the place is clean and well kept.
I can see why so many people enjoy it... however it's not to may taste.
The salad bar had a nice variety of options from chicken and pasta salads to a selection of cheeses and delicious prosciutto and salami.
The bread and little appetizers they bring to the table were pretty good and the meat was hit or miss for me.
Honestly, the dessert flan they brought out for a birthday was freaking awesome and probably my favorite part of the meal.
Nice spot and maybe I'll be back in the future and I'll try to be hungrier next time!

This might be one of my favorite restaurants ever and a must-stop every time I am in Vegas.
All-you-can-eat meat, need I say more?
And its high quality, juicy, tender meat at that!
The baby lamb chops.
Oh my god.
I don't even remember the name of every cut of beef I've had there, but 90% of them were out of this world delicious.
They even have some special cuts that they don't serve to everyone but you can get on special request.
I've been lucky enough to come here with someone in the know and have gotten to try the special reserved cuts which were amazing!
They also have a pretty extensive salad bar, but I try not to fill up on silly things like salad and vegetables when I come here.
But one of the people in my group was a vegetarian, and he seemed completely satisfied with the meal he received from the salad bar.
I felt a little bad I dragging a vegetarian to an all-you-can-eat meat place, but not really because its too good to pass up just cause you are being forced to dine with crazy non-meat eating people.
And as long as you keep your card on the green the food keeps on coming.
Now that's my kind of place!

great place to be, just sit back and enjoy a complete pampering evening of food, food, food and more food!!
This place is one of the best red meat stops I have ever made in Las Vegas.
The variety, the fun and of course knowing you had better grab those little tongs or else your meat is falling to the floor!!
Priceless and fun experience.

2nd Churrascaria on the list.
In my humble opinion quite overrated.
- the price is extremely high - the passadores weren't too friendly - meat was reather dry and chewy  The intereur design is rather beautiful and even though it was full until the last table, it never got really noisy.
The highlights of the evening was the chocolate cake and the wine room.

This place is exactly the polar opposite of an Outback Steakhouse.
Fogo had:  Excellent service, ambiance and food.
Quality meats cooked to the right temperature,  fresh sides and an added treat of prosciutto made me a regular.
If your looking for a great meal in Las Vegas Fogo is a must.

A must go to when in Vegas for the meat and Caipirinha lovers!

Can't wait to go to Brazil!!
People, if you're a meat lover, you'll love love love this place!
By far the best Brazilian place I've been to.
Lamb was fantastic, all steaks were so delicious and tender, my favorite was top sirloin.
Lamb chops...mmmmm!!
Service outstanding, great atmosphere!!
Don't miss it!

Was in vegas for sema 2weeks ago and on our first night came here.
Its very nice place, the food was amazing!
I love Brazilian bbq so to come here was just amazing how great the food was and the selection of meats they had, not to mention the buffet as well.
Such tasty sides!!
Very fresh!.
I ate so much I was so stuffed but one happy stuffed woman.
I will be back here when I'm in town again.
One more thing to add.
The service was top notch even being how packed it was during dinner.
Excellent service.

Yes, Fogo de Chao is really darn good.
It's a 4.5 star rounded up to 5.
I was there a couple weeks ago with three friends.
We had just finished a long couple of days and wanted to celebrate by having a nice dinner.
We were able to call on a Saturday night at 6:30 and get reservations for 8.
Getting there was no problem.
They have valet parking, but they also have a lot that is wide open.
I'm not sure what that's about but, ok.   We self parked because we figured we'd need to walk a little after dinner.
This is a Brazilian steakhouse.
And every selection of meat they brought out was cooked perfectly.
I can't think of anything that I had that I didn't like.
The salad bar was quite nice and of course that was geared toward the carnivore too.
(How awesome is it when the salad bar has strips of bacon?
You have to love that!
)   The service was great.
I had to flip my card from green to red a few times just to catch up.
But I was rewarded with an excellent bacon wrapped fillet Mignon.
Wow... that was good.
If you like meat, you'll love this place.
It's not far from the strip.
One cool thing they had was a mobile bar that would come to your table.
The bartender would mix a drink or pour you a shot.
That was a nice touch.
Will I be back?
You bet, I love beef!

This restaurant is if the strip.
Location is fine.
Walk-in greeters are really friendly.
Our reservation was not for another 30 minutes but they say us right away.
The waiter was super attentive and helpful.
The salad bar was amazing.
Everything was so fresh.
My favorite was the shrimp and mango salad.
Perfect sweetness.
Now to the good stuff.
Every single cut from the pork to the filet minon were juicy and perfectly cooked.
As long add you have your green yes please the protein will keep coming!
It was a really nice experience just pricey.
Would go back again on another special occasion.

I was there with a group.
I was a little disappointed with the small selection of meats brought out and how they did not service each table equally.
Then they cycled us through to desert and seemed annoyed when I was not done eating and requesting more meat.
Even if it was a group thing, it is still an all you can eat meat house!
Unfortunately I have eaten at other Brazilian meat restaurants in town and have had much better selections and service.
I still gave 4 stars for taste.

One of the best restaurant I have ever been.
The servers was great.
The food was excellent.
I love the look of the place.
I have been living near by for 6 months and didn't know it was this close.
Will be back soon.
Must go!!

Great place.
Really great salad bar with asparagus, artichoke hearts, hearts of palm, roasted garlic, cool weird red peppers, kale orange salad, jalapenos, oil & vinegar, etc.
The meats were great but I don't think we saw all the different types.
We had to ask our waitress to get some of the meats for us.
The waitress was really good and friendly.
I could do without the rolls or the mashed potatoes or the polenta.
Just bring me high quality stuff.
We wanted to go back every night during our long weekend stay.
Plenty of parking.

Free salad bar !
I came here to celebrate anniversary hehe :)  We've tried all the meat on the menu, and I gotta say, NON of them had disappointed me!
Excellent service, they come by and check up on you every 15 minutes!
At the end of our meal, they even came up to us with a complimentary flan with candles and decoration to wish us happy anniversary!
very sweet!
They also have variety of wine choice( I didnt get to try it because wine makes me sleepy haha).
If you're in vegas, and dont wanna wait in line for buffet, this could be your back-up plans :)

This is the place Vikings wrote songs about!
My new quote in life is "Fogo or Nogo!

All I can say, is go to Texas de Brazil instead if you want great Brazilian BBQ.
Everything was mediocre-bad, the service was even worse.
Poor selection and quality of meats, my filet was 1/2 fat and then they had the nerve to tell me I don't know about meat when I work in the industry!
There is a good reason they were 1/2 full when there is an 1.5 hour wait at Texas de Brazil.
Next time, I'll take the wait.
...oh, there was only great service person there.
Hope he gets a job at Texas.

Went here for the second time and boy what a drastic change.....
The service was horrible.
The meats were very fatty , the manager arguing with my wife and the worst part I got food poisoning from their salad bar.
It's day number 2 and I am still recovering after having my head in the toilet most of  day 1.....  what a way to spend $200.00 .........This place is cut!!!!

Just finished a delicious dinner.
Great service from Jose.
Even had a tour of the kitchen.
Was a fun evening with friends.
Was careful with the salad bar.
The roasted garlic and pickled onions went great with the meat.
The lamb was my favorite the filet mignon not as tasty as the other cuts of beef.

My wife and I decided to give Fogo de Chao (Las Vegas) a try for dinner as we celebrated our 30th wedding anniversary.
The service was top notch, the salad bar, various selections of meats and dessert left the both of us feeling stuffed.
My wife continues to brag about the experience.
We are looking forward to going back again.
You won't be disappointed.

Beware of the salad bar!
Don't overload on the salad bar because you won't be able to try all of the meats then.
They have a huge selection of meats.
Everything was very delicious and all of the meats were so juicy and tender.
Great place!
Will definitely be back.

I love this churrasqueria!
What a great addition to Las Vegas!
I usually go to LA for my fix.
The ambiance is beautiful as well as the staff.
The salad bar offered and extensive array of typical salad items as well as some of their regional foods.
The salad bar looked like it could feature more items though...but then again you come here for the MEAT and boy do they serve meat...15 kinds I believe.
My favorite was the lamb (bone in) and the cheese bread is to die for..its also gluten free as it is made with yucca flour and I'll pretend it was fat free;) At first I was taken back by how quickly the meat kept coming around to our table.
Once you leave hear meated out, you can keep in mind for next time to come here for lunch Monday-Friday and still enjoy the same items served for dinner but for half the price.

I don't give anyone a 5, but this was to die for.
Scrumptous.
The service was impeccible.
Lovely, lovely time.
Thank you !

Great food, Great service...top notch in fact.
The only thing that gets me is if you order a coke, it comes in an 8oz bottle and you pay for each one.
That is kind of a bummer.
Feels like they are trying to bleed you after you already are paying top dollar for great meats.
Other than that, the filet is incredible and lamb chops are amazing!
Do not fill up on the salad bar!
As tempting as it may be, get your meat eating out of the way first.

This place was awesome.
The food was amazing, but the best part was the experience and atmosphere.
The servers and manager were so friendly and attentive.
You have to be a meat eater though.

Everything about this place is amazing.
Not only is the meat amazing but the service is spectacular.
Since there is no specific "servers" everyone was so perfectly attentive.
I took my boyfriend here for his big birthday dinner and they even comped our dessert for us.
We never asked for any special birthday deals or anything I just asked that they write happy birthday on his dessert for him.
So sweet!
The manager even stopped by at the end of our meal to talk to us and ask us how everything was.
With everything you can get in Vegas we'll definitely be coming back here.
Did I mention the cheese bread absolutely phenomenal??
It's crazy good.

Filet mignon was the best followed by picanha, chicken etc.
cheese bread is very good.
Way too much food.
Chocolate kava cake and flan were pretty good.
Not great.
Kids 11 and 14 yr old girls were charged same price as adults.
Really??

In the great battle of who is better... Fogo vs. Texas...
I vote Texas De Brazil...
Here is how the battle panned out:  -Reservations: we made ours for 9pm on the Monday before Christmas with ease..
Both restaurants are a winner in this category...
TIE -Ambiance: for $50/per person (before tip & without dranks) you expect a nice dinner... not gourmet, but nice.
Fogo's atmosphere was not as impressive as TDB's warm colors, tapestries and large open rooms.
TEXAS -Salad Bar: My favorite part of the Brazilian barbecue experience is the salad bar... Fogo's was ok but only if that was the only Brazilian barbecue that you've ever been to..
They had limited and not very impressive selections.
TDB has way better cheese selection, more fresh looking ingredients and lobster bisque...yumm..
I also found myself wanting to go for seconds at TDB and not Fogo... TEXAS -Cocktail Bar/Wine List: We perused the wine & cocktail list at Fogo for quite a long time but couldn't find anything that caught or eyes...
I feel that at TDB they have a way better and larger selection... TEXAS -Cheese Puff Bread: I love those little cheese puffs so much that I even attempted to make them at home but i feel like the ones that i made tastes better than Fogo's... At TDB I have to stop myself from filling up on those addicting little suckers... TEXAS -Meat: I am not much of a meat person but I found that I have been eating much more of it as of late... At Fogo I really appreciated how they would cook up a fresh batch of meat and bring it straight to your table if they did not have it circulating on the floor.. and not just the specific meat but the specific meat to the way you wanted it cooked.
I feel as though the meat at TDB can sometimes be a tad bit salty for my palette..
I would score this category as a tie but the last selection of meat that Fogo brought out, freshly grilled lamb chops, was divine... not too gamey and perfectly cooked.... FOGO -Service: was great at both places....
TIE  *So you can decide for yourselves but if I had to choose again which place to go to I would definitely choose Texas De Brazil.
HOT TIP: The napkins in the bathroom at Fogo are just as wonderful as the napkins at TDB... if you know what I'm talking about... LOL

The meat here is very good, the only down fall is the salad bar.
They have very few items and no soups :( staff is nice, but you can get more for your money elsewhere.

An all around awesome experience,never had such timely and helpful service.
The food is out of this world

Pretty good!
Had my anniversary here and they gave us a complimentary dessert :)

I am in no way a big fan of meat.
I pick it out of my meals constantly, and usually turn my nose up to it.
We received dinner for 2 tickets to Fogo at my job's Christmas party, and decided to go last night.
From the moment we parked the car, everything was great.
The valet went out of his way to open the door for us, the ladies at the front were alert and greeted us promptly.
Our wait staff were BEYOND polite, going out of their ways to pull out chairs for us, and constantly there to refill our plates.
My husband and I don't drink alcohol, and didn't want soda with this meal.
One of the gentlemen helping us offered a really yummy limeade that was soooo good!
It was kind of creamy and frothy, and was amazing!!
They said it was like a Brazilian limeade, which they made sure we had refills often.
Everything was great.
No complaints at all!

This is the 2nd best tasting Brazilian steakhouse I've had in Las Vegas.
The first being Yolies (the oringinal).
The key is to pace yourself and turn your card over while enjoying what you have before looking around for more.
The meat was seasoned well and there are over 14 meats to choose from.
I loved the ribs and filet mignon.
PROS:  Ribs               Bottom sirloin               Filet Mignon              The salad bar                CONS: Not enough room in my stomach for everything I want there.

The only thing bad about this place is the food coma you will be in when you exit.
There is no excuse for not having exactly what you want during an evening at Fogo.
With 14 types of meats and plenty of options on the salad bar, you can have whatever you want.
Bacon wrapped fillet and Lamb chop were the tops - amazing.

Quick: Really sub standard service, meat variety and overall experience.
Texas De Brazil finally confirmed as the winner.
Pros: Filet mignon is solid.
Cons: Caipirinha too sweet.
Went a full 15 minutes without meat offered, during dinner rush.
Same cut of beef offered 3 times in a row.
Lots of poor performance, sours the tastes of the meal.
Fogo de Chao is renowned as a Brazilian steakhouse.
I say nay!
My expectation of a steakhouse like this is to see a server at least every few minutes when the green button is on and when a server does come by, at least to see the breadth of what the menu offers within a reasonable time.
The establishment is nice, easy to navigate and classy, if a bit smaller than Texas de Brazil.
Everyone is courteous, friendly and when you speak with them, you feel taken care of... mostly.
The issue lies in the execution really.
After we were seated, the 5 of us moved to the salad bar which, for unknown reasons, was entirely filled with people all the way around.
Not one spot open to grab some side dishes and no one was moving.
Everyone stood, seemingly in line, for a few select dishes.
I don't know but after standing for 2 or 3 minutes, we decided to back load the salad bar for after "rush hour" and start with meat.
In the first 10 minutes, everything came fast and prompt.
"Sirloin sir?
" Yes indeed!
Chicken, lamb, sirloin, pork, sirloin.... then came a 15 minute dead zone.
We could not catch a server, or they had sliced off the last portion of beef to the parties before us.
Meat offerings came sporadically few and far between for the rest of the night.
It was strange.
Only after 40 minutes of noticing filet never came by, we made the request to our waiter.
Filet began to flow, and it was tasty.
But by then, the lull had set in and our stomachs felt full yet unfulfilled.
Essentially, Fogo de Chao might have had an off night.
I'm sure they can be better than a 2 star but this night, this experience was a 2-star experience and it can never be anything else.
We were looking forward to enjoying a complimentary experience to Texas de Brazil.
We only hoped it would be the same quality but a different experience, but unfortunately it was only different by being a far inferior experience, fine steak or not.
Would I recommend it?
I can't.
Will you see it the way I did?
Based on Yelp reviews, probably not and I know many that swear by Fogo de Chao.
My Brazilian friend even said that the one in Beverly Hills is superb.
But I won't recommend the Vegas one, or be returning.
All I can say to them is, "Ciao!

If you like Brazilian steak this restaurant is place you want to be great steak  But you need to be hungry before you go there.
Beef is so good

When I came here with my wife the first time, we've had the whole "Churrascaria rodizio" at Yolie's.
Although Yolie's serves really great meat and the whole experience was just okay (even if they refused my 2nd groupon), I guess it was the lack of warmth from their servers.
We wanted to try this place out and we're glad we did because we absolutely loved the experience.
The meat choices was abundant and they were flavored very well.
Customer service was impeccable.
We come back at least once or twice a year since then.
It is a bit pricey, but it's well worth the money.
The Pao de queijo (cheese bread) is one of the best we've had.
It's so addicting!!!
Since going to Fogo the first time, we tried other Brazilian steakhouses (i.e., Pampas and Texas de Brazil).
Fogo de Chao set the bar and no one has topped it.

I returned to Vegas and chose Fogo de Chao to do some business and re-unite with some old friends.
I have eaten at this chain before including some in Brazil.
They never disappoint and as always the food and service were fantastic.
From a 7 pm reservation we closed the place down and it seemed like only minutes.
Highly recommended and it is much closer to the Strip than the other Chain.
Definitely will return again next year.

Went with 5 couples from our church to celebrate.
The service was impeccable, the salad/sides/soup bar was fantastic with fresh and amazing displays.
The meats kept coming and I was in heaven.
It was hard to stop myself.
My favorite were the fried bananas.
You will not be disappointed.
If you are a meat lover, you got to try this place and don't go alone.

I've been to a couple Brazilian Steakhouses prior to Fogo.
Fogo was a solid Steakhouse but didn't blow me away.
The salad bar offered plenty of choices for the vegan.
Me and my pasta ways cleaned up on the pasta salad and green salad.
Fogo offered about a dozen meat choices sausage, lamb, beef and chicken.
I would say that about 2-3 of them would be labeled as tasty.
The rest of the meats lacked any seasoning or taste.
It may be for those who want to add to salt and pepper, but I expected more flavor.
It was a great chance to experience Fogo de Chao but it didn't meet my overall expectations.
I will try back again as a new location is opening up near me

Fantastic BBQ cuts from filet mignon to sausage.
Name it, lamb ,beef ,pork ,chicken.
Also great salad buffet and excellent service.

Excellent food and even better service.

Mediocre chain restaurant.
With some of the best steak houses in the world in Vegas I was very disappointed by going to an all you can eat steak and salad bar.
The meat was overall tasteless and the sides were nothing special.
The desert was just sweet for the sake of being sweet.
If you want to go just because it's all you can eat then go for it, but there are a lot of other choices that will give you a better bang for your buck in Vegas

First of i shouldnt be writing a review to a stake house.
I am a vegetarian.
So I would rate this place OK for all other vegetarians.
Had to go there for company Christmas party.

WOW.
As good as it gets...delicious salad bar with lots of interesting creations.
Fresh fruit and vegetable and a delightful assortment of fish too.
I went there with some family and friend and such a beautiful designed space with dark wood and oak tones.
The waiters were all very kind and attentive.
No messing around here with the meats.
Delicious   Definitely a winner.

Absolutely LOVE this place, great food and great customer service.
I just wish they would offer soup and fruit at the salad bar, just like Texas de Brazil does.
The fruit would be refreshing especially after one eats a variety of salty meats.
I would recommend that if you're not a big eater or don't have a big appetite, then go during lunch hours, you get the same food for half the price and don't forget to order yourself a Caipirinha.
;-)

I went on Feb. 15 and this place was more packed that an asian buffet for crab legs.
In part it was a little annoying because of the amount of people and the movement of the staff (we where seated next to kitchen entrance).
The food it was good but I had better at Texas de Brasil also more expensive .
I didnt see anything special until the end of the meal when they gave my wife a Gift Certificate or a voucher for 1 lunch or dinner on them.
That is a big saving but you have to use it in less than a month.
Overall, for the amount of meat and fried banana that I had $51.50(per person) is a little too much.
Selection of meats that I saw all around where about 10 counting that you have ask for beef or pork ribs every time , so someone go on the back and get it.
I am not sure if  coming back.

We went here on Valentine's Day and the food was incredible as well as the service.
We got there pretty early but could see the crowds coming in as we were getting ready to leave.
Great ambiance, great service, great food, and great drinks!!!!
' What more can you ask for?
How about the buy one get one free coupon they were giving away :-) icing on the cake

The lamb chops are a bit gamy.
Otherwise our experience was excellent.

The hubby and I came here for our anniversary dinner.
All I can say is WOW.
Everything from the salad bar, to the incredible meats and side dishes as well as the customer service were amazing!
I was on meat over load and I loved it, don't know how people can be vegetarians lol.
The service was impeccable, even the Manager (I'm assuming he was the Manager lol) Ricardo came over a couple of times to ensure that we were satisfied.
If you are a meat person, you can't beat this.
$52 for all the salad bar, meats and side dishes you want, definitely worth every penny!!!
I will definitely be back.

This restaurant is incredible.
From the experience to the food and service that comes with it is indescribably pleasant.
I return time and time again because it's always amazing quality and an all around great time!
Bring your friends and family for a delightful and filling experience!

My bf was so excited to try this place since he's a meat lover.
Unfortunately, he was very disappointed.
My bf likes to eat his meat bloody or medium rare.
All the meats that were served to him were well done.
So he only ate a few pieces and gave up on the number one thing he loves to eat.
The service, salad bar and dessert is the reason for the 3 stars.
I can definitely say that they have impeccable service.
The servers all worked together to give the customers great service.
The salad bar was also good.
It had a wide variety.
I personally loved the pineapple/apple salad.
The dessert was awesome.
We had the strawberry cream.
It was a great way to finish the meal.
Maybe we will be back for the desserts.

First let me thank my yelp friend Kelly O., for talking me into trying Fogo.
Sending you big ol hugs Kelly.
Thank you.
One word to describe Fogo de Chao?
Incredible!
The salad bar was huge and looked great.
But I didn't come to a Brazilian Steakhouse to eat green stuff.
After all, that's what real food eats.
Bring on the meat!!!
And bring it they do.
Never ending.
Succulent.
Tender.
Juicy.
Flavorful.
Glorious meat.
Everything I tried was fantastic.
And I do mean everything... And I tried it all!
But fair warning to the rookies... Pace yourselves.
If you gorge, which is very easy to do, you'll find yourself slipping into a meat drunk food coma.
The place is beautiful and clean.
Parking is not an issue at all.
Service was attentive, friendly, polite, and fast.
I will definitely be back... With loose waisted jeans on.

Love this place!
It is the best Brazilian steakhouse hands down.
We went here without a reservation and got seated in less then 15 minutes.
We had a drink at the bar and everyone was so friendly.
The salad bar was clean and everything was always full.
They had an assortment or cheeses, meats, roasted vegetables, and different ingredients to make a salad.
The meat was amazing.
If they didn't have what you want they would bring out what you wanted.
If you want your meat well done they will put it back on the grill and cook it to how you like it.

Came here with some friends during Restaurant Week 2014.
Two "meals" were available during Restaurant Week.
Lunch for $30.14 OR Dinner for $40.14 (tax and gratuity not included)   First Course - Salads & Sides Bar Second Course - Bread and Side Dishes Third Course - Sixteen Cuts of Fire-Roasted Meats Fourth Course - Selection from Dessert Menu  I researched to see what the difference was between lunch and dinner, and it had noted that lunch does NOT have beef ribs.
I thought, "hey.. those beef ribs are probably huge anyway.. taking up my picanha and lamb chop room" so my friends and I opt'ed for lunch.
Quick Note: Those who are coming here for Restaurant Week, reservations are required and it must be noted that it is for Restaurant Week !
Decor - pretty nice !
Huge glass walled wine and alcohol cellar.
Dark but each table is individually lit fairly nicely.
Upon entry of restaurant, on the left is the fire pit.
We saw a few skewers of the beef ribs (probably in prep.
for tonight)   For those who are going for their first time, this is how Brazilian BBQ works.
You have these "Gaucho Chefs" walking around with sword like skewers with various meats.
You start at the salad bar to get a plate (can just get plate if none of the foods attract you -- mostly cold stuff anyway).
They have a system.
You have a thing on your table for EACH person.
Red = Stop.
Green = BRING ME THE MEATTT !
Our waiter had mentioned that you'll have to switch periodically so you don't get a mountain of meat...
I was like "nahhhh....!!!
" to my surprise, he was right..
This is the first time where i was "overwhelmed" by the speed on how fast they were coming.
I've been to a few other brazilian bbq places (Texas de Brasil, etc) and that hasn't happened... XD o well i ain't saddened !!
thats good :D   SIDE DISHES !!!
Garlic Mashed potatoes - uhh to me.. this was very normal... nothing special... plain ol garlic mashed potatoes... no lasting impression like ones from Texas de Brasil   Crispy Polenta - polenta is a cornmeal made into fries.. plain but tasty.
nice and crispy  Carmelized bananas - this didnt seem too carmelized to me.
quite soggy and super soft...   MEATSSSS !!!
Leg of Lamb - very tender and nicely seasoned meat.
surprisingly, was probably the best cut of meat we had during the meal.
Picanha - (Top Sirloin) with a fatty layer... little underseasoned.
Cook was perfect.
nice and tender.
Beef Ancho (Rib eye) - perfectly med rare temp.
super juicy.
tender !
little underseasoned  Cordeiro (Lamb chops) - woohoo lamb chops !
first round, it was actually a little "overcooked".
medium throughout.
still tender.
second round, it was perfect med.
rare.
delicious :D   bacon wrapped filet mignon - not much of a fan of bacon but it was nice and tender.
bacon gave it a nice flavor w/ the juicy and tender filet.
Dessert !!!
Papaya Cream - Fogo de Chao signature - definitely the LIGHTEST of the 3 desserts we had tried.
Simply put, pureed papaya and cream.
naturally sweet.
good "end" to the fatty heavy meats XD   Molten Chocolate Cake - ohhh man DEFINITELY the HEAVIEST dessert picked... i had a bite of it... the word "MILKKKKK ASAPP" came to mind.
SUPER SUPER rich... like triple/quadruple fudge brownies sandwiching cream... oh man @_@   NY Cheesecake - Topped with a strawberry glaze.
probably big enough to share between two people, fairly easily.
Overall, not a bad experience.
the meat was good.
Little underseasoned if anything.
Better than the salty meats of TdB where you'd be drinking water a lot.
Service was great.
Because i had a reservation, i was instantly seated upon arrival.
good stuff :D +1 for them

This is totally the best Brazilian Steakhouse in Las Vegas!!!
Actually my favorite in the whole world but I have only been to Texas De Brazil, the one inside Planet Hollywood and Rodizio Grill in Utah.
I suppose I do not have very many to compare it to but I can still compare.
It is located right off Flamingo so it is accessible.
Ricky is their group sales manager and she is most helpful.

Good service, the meats were great.
Came luckily on restaurant week!
Score.
Pork ribs were on the spot and the winner tonight.
Beef ribs not as good as Beverly Hills.
The rest of the meats were a blur.........

Restaurant week, yeah!
$40.14 with dessert!
Finally tried Fogo De Chao after hitting every other Brazilian Steakhouse in Las Vegas  PROS -It has probably the best quality of meat of the whole bunch, 5 stars.
-The best pao de queso, fresh and light (addicting cheese bread balls that they love you to fill up on, and I know it, yet I can't keep them away).
-Papaya dessert really hit the spot at the end, pureed papaya and cream.
Excellent  CONS -The only thing lacking was the salad bar.
(No one comes to a place like this for the salad bar so I don't weigh this so heavy, but still it's nice to have something special on there.
Other places like Texas de Brazil and Via Brazil have an awesome lobster bisque to take a break from all the meat.
Also Texas de Brazil has some excellent large cocktail shrimp and a little bit of nigiri sushi.
-I really love the cinnamon bananas which every steakhouse offers, but they bring them out to you at the start of the meal, unlike at the end...and by the time you want a bite of something sweet they are mushy and cold.
Glad I had the papaya dessert.
- Be sure to ask for the chimmichuri sauce as it's not on the salad bar or anywhere to be found.
OVERALL Since the meat quality was the best I've seen, this place gets a solid 4 stars.
I'll be returning patron...in restaurant week 2015.

Although this place was very good, I feel it did not measure up to its key competition, Texas de Brazil.
The facility, staff, food variety were 95% of the way there...but just not quite as nice.
That being said, I did manage to enjoy a couple pounds of deliciously cooked meat.
I would never object to going back, but by the same token, I would not choose it over Texas de Brazil.
The price for dinner was $51.50 per person, not including drinks...or desert, if somehow anyone saves room for that.
Our reservation was for 5:30p on a Friday night and we were seated directly upon arrival.
Parking was ample, plus valet is available, if for some reason you don't mind a stranger in and driving your car.

I give this place 4 star because they lack variety at the salad bar and the food is really the same as Texas..save like $15 and go to Texas they also have better desert but if you want to spend the money it's a decent choice

the meat is not as salty as Texas de Brazil.
salad bar wasn't as impressive tho.
they don't have chicken heart which is one of my favorites.
only the one in Summerlin seems to have it.
anyway, came here for lunch.
service is friend and nice.
this place is pricey as you can expect.
two lunches (each at $32) with two cappuccinos came to just below $100 with tip included.
expense lunch I know but it was for an occasion.

Fogo De Chao sure did save the day!
We had reservations Saturday night for 8 people across the street at Musashi, when they magically lost them.
Frantically, calling every tons of places they took our request, as well as took our cake for the occasion and brought it out when requested.
Those couple of things alone were worth the 4 stars.
We are very familiar with Brazilian steakhouses and know what to expect.
The manager who sat us explained everything.
He was more informative then friendly.
Our server throughout the night however was fantastic and I would request him every time!
He just refilled drinks, and took plates but he was on it and we appreciated it.
He even noticed when my daughter went to the bathroom with a runny nose and came to check on her to make sure she was ok.
The food selection is always brilliant.
With the salad bar consisting of rice, beans, salad, cold cuts, cheese, peppers, artichokes, olives, beets, and other eccentric items.
There are suppose to be 16 selections of meat, but I will be honest I maybe seen 8-10 of them.
It seemed they continuously had the chicken or sausage when our table was wanting filet and garlic sirloin.
Although with the exception of the lamb taking a while, when requested everything did come out promptly.
Same with the sides, the second I would eat the last sweet banana, here came another plate.
Towards the end, we asked that our check be split.
(I hate doing this, but was not going to argue with the other parties) They ignored our request and brought out the entire bill.
To apologize, the awesome server gave us a free cheesecake.
Overall, other than the crudeness of the manager at the beginning and end, it was a great experience.
PS- add risotto to the salad bar like some of the other joints in town!

roughly $60 per person brazilian buffet...starting at self-serve salad bar...handsome spread of vegetables, shrimp, cured meats, olives and more...meats carved at table side...sausages, chicken, beef, lamb, etc...lamb good...meats can be tough, so be selective...great salad bar...great sides..love the cooked plantains..decent typical meats...

Service was great.
Had a good salad bar selection, but i think the Beverly hills location has a better salad bar.
My favorite meat is the picanah.

Marathon meat madness!!!
We were lucky to go for Restaurant Week to enjoy the special price and dessert included.
It's spacious inside and although there were lots of people, we were seated in an area where we were far from other customers.
The staff here is really exceptional.
If you were in a meat eating contest you could win.
I got up to check out the salad bar and when I returned everyone at my table was getting their meat on!
It felt like a race to the finish line.
We had nonstop meat guys offering various types of meat to our table.
I had to quickly put the red "stop sign" up so they won't offer me anymore.
Help!
I was drowning in meat starting to lose my hearing and entering a meat coma!
I enjoyed the bone in lamb, filet mignon, and ribeye the most.
The polenta sticks were to die for as well as the cheesy bread and plantains.
The mashed potatoes were nothing to waste your time and tummy space on.
My only gripe was a few times I asked for medium and got well done.
So maybe ask for rare and you will get medium.
We never once had to flag down any waiters because they were constantly filling waters, taking plates away, and very present.
Ask for the chimichurri sauce, homemade hot sauce, and homemade BBQ.
It really compliments the meat well.
The dessert could be better.
But I guess you don't go here for the dessert.
My guava mixed with ice cream is what he called it, but I would say it's more of a guava pudding tasted very artificial.
I did not eat it.
My hubby got the turtle cheesecake and although it was good, it felt like a little bit like a supermarket cheesecake.
I supposed I would think there might be choices such as Brazilian style flan instead of cheesecake.
Regardless the food was top notch as was the service.

Came here when they had recently opened and been coming back ever since.
This restaurant is located on E. Flamingo nestled amongst other fine dining restaurants so why choose this place?
well, because if you love meat and have a huge appetite then this is the place for you.
Plus you will benefit of trying a Brazilian restaurant.
They offer a salad bar with a variety of salads, imported cheese, fresh vegetables, artisan breads and cured meats plus your sides such as rice and beans.
At your table you will get the mashed potatoes, crispy fried polenta, caramelized bananas and of course the pao de qeuijo (warm cheese bread).
Now for the meats, they have 11 different types of meat to include beef, pork, chicken and lamb.
Their signature steak is the Picanha which is just so moist and full of flavor.
They have all these male servers that bring the meat to you in skewers.
It's such a unique and fun experience and if you never experienced something like this before then definitely give it a try.
I will also recommend, if you don't have a huge appetite then come for lunch as it's half the price of dinner and you will still benefit everything they have during dinner hours.
Don't overload on the salad bar either so you can save room for the different types of meats.
Lastly, let me just recommend their signature drink, the Caipirinha.
so good!

My husband and I made the right decision in picking this place to host our wedding reception.
I couldn't have been more pleased by the level of service and quality of food.
Ricci was amazing and was so accomodating.
The Gauchos kept the food and drinks coming and everyone had an amazing time.
We go to Fogo every time we're in Vegas and will continue to be loyal customers.
Thank you for such a wonderful experience.

Great food and ambiance.
The only down side is the extremely high cost of dinner which doesn't include beverages.

Yum, Yum, Yum is all I can say!
Best Brazilian steakhouse I've ever been to, and I've been to a few.
The decor itself is accommodating to the ambiance in the restaurant.
The bar is elegant and have the best drinks there, even though I only drink beer, it's the best to have with the meats they serve.
They have over 10 choices of meat.
From filet mignon to lamb to rabbit and they are all cooked perfectly.
Along with the selection of meats they have their buffet of sides, salads and desserts.
The price is very inexpensive $35-50 for the quality of their food, so you will be completely satisfied with the whole meal and if you're in great company, it makes the whole experience that much better!
Definitely a 5+ star recommendation!

1) no prices are offered - the meat/salad bar is $51/person, cocktains about $12 each 2) starve yourself before going...seriously!
3) eat at a leisurely pace - I made the mistake of eating at the pace that the meat slicers are working 4) 95% of the offerings (including the bread on the table) are gluten free 5) may wish to arrive later than 5:30pm - seemed that not all of the meats were prepared (we never saw the chicken or ribs)

Holy Meat on a Stick!!

After a long 3rd day at CES (Consumer Electronics Show) in Vegas, my company and I indulged ourselves with some Brazillian AYCE steakhouse meats.
I made reservations and we came in as a large party.
The staff was very accommodating and led us to a big table.
After some wine, everyone headed to the salad bar except me.
I wanted to start with the meat!!
Way to be unique right?
So there I was by myself at this huge table eating an outrageous amount of meat.
Unfortunately, I got sick of the meat fast.
It was good and all but I think I just wasn't in the mood for that much meat.
I flipped over my card and headed to the salad bar afterwards.
The salad bar was decent and had a good amount of food to choose from but similar to the meat, nothing really stood to me.
I loaded my plate with a couple of items and headed back.
Dessert, on the other hand, was delicious and very nicely served in a fancy glass topped with a beautiful flower.
Of course we stuck the flower in someone's ear and instagramed a photo.
Nice place overall, but I didn't feel as though it was anything extraordinary.
It may have been my appetite that day so I have to give it a second try one of these days.
*** 3.5 stars rounded down this time for the lack of wow factor.

Staff was great.
Food was great.
Lots of options for any pallet.
We spent two hours there on Sunday night sampling all the meat options.
Very attentive staff.

This is the best Brazilian place I have been to.
I have been to one in Toronto, and this out succeeds by far.
Go for lunch as it is the same menu.
Seems many famous people eat here.
Service is unbelievable, they ask how you like your meat, and then seem to have most cuts at that doneness.
Wish they would bring an outlet to Toronto, as the similar places are not the same quality.
Go here, and don't go to the casino buffets!!

Yum!
The only downside is the way they swarm you when you first get there.
By design maybe to get you full fast.
But was probably the quickest meal my friends and I have ever had in Vegas.
I took my time but they were done in 10 minutes.
Hahahah.
Fav at this location was  Pork rib The brisket cut  The lamb butterfly  Stay Away from ribeye no flavor compared to other steak houses.
And I was bummed out by beef rib.
Was dry compared to Texas de Brazil

If you have never been to a Brazilian BBQ place you will probably love Fogo.
For the purpose of this review I am comparing the Las Vegas Fogo to other Brazilian BBQ places and in that regard it falls a little short.
I have been to Fogo in Atlanta, Dallas, Minneapolis, and Los Angeles as well as several other similar restaurants (Chima, Via Brazil, Texas de Brazil etc).
I will say this- I have been about four times and it is definitely improving- the worst visit was my first.
During that visit service was very bad (compared to other Fogos) , there was an odd smell in the entire restaurant, and the sides all arrived cold each time.
The meat service was sporadic both in terms of availability and quality.
When I go to Fogo here is what I want- I want nothing but outside pieces with a nice crust, I want the meat to be sliced nice and thin and I don't want to get 10 meats all at once and then nothing for a 15 minute stretch.
At this Fogo there were big gaps between the meats, the slicing was done rather clumsily, and some of the meat hadn't been cooked properly so there was no crust.
Some of the Gauchos also would keep circulating the meats after the outside pieces had all been cut off which is a big no no in my book.
The times I have been back since then the quality has definitely improved.
If you cut out that first visit my rating would be 4 stars instead of 3.
I have been for lunch and dinner and I think the dinner service is better- they seem to have more people working and the meat is generally better prepared.

I've been to Fogo de Chao in Beverly  Hills so I knew what to expect.
I think compared to other churrascarias, Fogo tends to be way saltier with their meats.
However, the quality of the food met my expectations.
I think their salad bar was ok. Wasn't a huge fan of the hot items at the bar.
The service was almost too good in that we had like 5 servers standing around waiting on us....I prefer Agora Churrascaria in Irvine, CA.
Their hot items are delish and meat is not as salty.
And they have this kale/greens side dish that just goes perfectly with the meat!

excellent as always.
A great dining experience if you like meat.
five stars for consistency.
I have had the same dining experience in Sao Paolo, Brazil, Minneapolis, MN, Atlanta, GA and Las Vegas, NV.
Usually, I would consider this boring and typical of chain restaurants like Chilli's, but when the experience is so AWESOME, you want it to be repeated and they deliver!

Fogo de chao I heard of this place from my mother in law.
Which is amazing it's take what you get it.
My favorite is the bacon wrapped filet, I have been picky with my 5 stars but this place deserves it, if they ever offer pineapple it will be complete... Make a reservation we waited 1 hour + on a Monday night

Liked this place a lot.
Food was good service was excellent.
The drink selection is amazing!
And you have to try their chocolate cake!
Will be back for sure.

Great service.
Best Lamb chop and sirloin in town hands down.
Worth every penny.
I'm so impressed!
Will definitely come back again.

The visits only get better!
Our second time to eat here and fourth at a Brazilian Steakhouse.
The salad bar is incredible and quality (be sure to try the Kale and Mandarin Salad) although we restrain ourselves to leave enough room for the main reason for coming here.
The magnificent meat selection and preparation was only outdone, this visit, by the service.
The meats, the sides and even the dessert were excellent.
The Flank Steak (as funny as that may seem) and the Flan were the clear winners of the night.
Our server Diego, as well as the complete staff, made sure we wanted for nothing and had a tremendous experience.
At the onset, this may seem like a 'pricey' place but as I look back on several places in Vegas we've eaten and the cost of those meals the 'bargain' at this Fogo is an experience not to be missed!
You will not be disappointed!

Food is amazing service is better than Ruth Chris

So let's just start with the service it was top notch!
I wish my wife had been with us but she had to fly back home on Monday.
Our server explained everything to us Ricardo came over to check on us and no shortage of food!
The salad bar alone is to die for everything fresh and many choices!
You could make a meal out of the salad bar alone!
We were always asked which meat we wanted and how we wanted it!
Our server from the prime rib loft should take a lesson from these folks on customer service!
If it comes down to saving 15.00 bucks on a meal or coming hear I say Fogo all the way!
The chocolate lava cake was fantastic!
2hr dinner with friends with a great atmosphere we were treated like house guests just amazing!

Fogo me??
Fogo YOU!!
Now now.
Let's all Fogo de Chao.
This was my first Brazilian wax.
I mean... steakhouse.
Love the concept.
You sit at the table and wait for them to bring out all kinds of goodness (bacon-wrapped filet, sirloin, chicken, etc.).
If you likey, you take your tongs and grab a piece.
It's kind of like being at a strip club, though, where they shove a huge thing of meat in your face and... WHAT THE HELL AM I SAYING!!!!
Constant pressure to wave them off.
"I'm fine, thanks.
I just can't fit it all in my mouth.
It's way too big... and... and...
nevermind.
"  A few tips before you go (and you should)...  1.
Ignore the salad bar.
Focus on the prize.
Load up on the beef rib.
The other cuts are tasty, but you want the rib.
Trust me.
Drink lots of wine to block out all the debauchery 4.
Unbutton your pants 5.
Lose all inhibitions.
EAT THAT MEAT!
I need to go to church now.

Hmmm.
I really liked this place.
My only experience was with Texas de Brazil.
If you're after the MEAT, mostly BEEF, YouGo to FoGo.
It's simply better.
Not so salty.
Their sausage is terrible.
Avoid!
But, I must repeat, their beef is pretty much perfection.
You can pay $50 for a steak on the strip or eat as much ribeye, fillet and amazing sirloin as you want here.
You MUST get reservations if you're going on a weekend night.
We did, luckily.
They were saying a 3-hour wait to folks who had cabbed it from the Strip.
Ugh.
We walked right in and sat down.
I kinda felt bad.
Oh, the salad bar?
Texas de Brazil totally wins that one.
Sometimes we go there just for that.
But, if you're in it for MEAT, this is the place.
You won't be disappointed.

So disappointed in the level of customer service.
I came here before with my wife, the customer service was great ...years ago.
BUT NOW.....
While the manager was over and stopped by, he asked if I had a special request.
He said He can make it happen in 4 minutes.
30 mins later nothing, but the took my plate without asking.
So it is not all you can eat.
I am just really picky, no fat- no red.
I wasn't done eating.
Texas De Brazil is now far better based solely on customer service.

If you are on a Paleo diet this is the place.
Plenty of meat, it can be overwhelming at times.
I cannot believe I ate so much steak that once I went back to my Hotel room I fell into a meat coma.
I woke up the next day and Saturday night disappeared.
What a waste of a Saturday night.
Good thing I was in Vegas and every night is a party night.

This place rocks.
I live it and the food is very delicious!
Plus they gave us free dessert since it was our anniversary.

Went there for Valentines day  Not as impressed with the salad bar.. its was ok.   Everything else was great.
Good steak and good service

I eat here often.
They have great customer service and quality food.

Best of the best.
Ask for the beef rib thats not in the menu and skip the salad bar.
It doesn't get any better than this place for meat.

Holy crap!!
This place is amazing!
Me and the hubbie were in Vegas a couple weeks ago and we decided to dine at this restaurant.
The food was delicious...the staff were amazing.
Everyone were so attentive, they actually stopped at our table to talk to us.
The manger and chef made their way to us as well.
Our bill came out to $220 that included drinks and tips...so worth it!
It was an amazing experience for both of us.
We both enjoyed it!

The two stars is for the salad bar.
I haven't been to a Brazilian Steakhouse since going to Yolie's back when it first opened.
I don't remember it being that great, probably why I haven't been back.
Since that was close to 20 years ago, I decided I want to try this place for my birthday (was going to go to Envy Steakhouse).
Nice interior.
Great salad bar.
But I was SO DISAPPOINTED with the overcooked, dry meats!
I can honestly say that every thing I tried was dry!
Oh the beef wasn't dry - JUST RAW!
The only meat that I liked was the garlic beef I believe.
The ribeye was sliced so thin and lacked flavor or marbling.
The bacon wrapped beef was RAW, the bacon wrapped chicken was DRY as EFF!
And the ultimate foul was the  ovecooked, DRYASEFF Lamb t-bones!
A travesty!
I didn't even eat it!
The rib was tasty just wanted some dipping sauce!
For the price, I can not recommend.
Well, I can't recommend AT ALL!
The waiters were attentive to our needs, although I would have liked a new plate.
I just expected not-burnt  or raw meat to be served at a churrascaria!
BOO!
Oh the Brazilian lemonade is the SHEE-YAT!
The sides were bland.

I thought the food was great.
Until I got hellacious food poisoning.
I spent the entire next day hurling my guts up from Las Vegas to the Grand Canyon.
Not fun.

Apparently there is a few places like this in Vegas, but this is the best.
The salad and side dishes buffet is complete and delicious.
The meat is great.
Service is awesome.
The price is high though like most things in Vegas.
I can give you a good tip still to get the best out of this, be social and interact with your servers, talk to them, let them know how you like your meats cooked, they will go above and beyond to satisfy you.
Do not act like Zombies as this couple next to us did last week.

Great salad bar and great meat!
Much better than Texas.
Service is amazing as well.
Couldn't be happier!
My fav was the lamb and the bottom sirloin!

This is probably the closest thing a real Brazilian churrascaria.
Growing up in Brazil we used to go to this type of restaurant on a regular basis.
The Salad bar is amazing and has enough selection for all types of eaters, even vegetarians.
The meat selection is amazing, always cooked to perfection, right amount of seasoning and they will bring you whatever you want and at the temperature that you like.
I highly recommend trying.
Traditional Caipirinha!
They are so good and good for you too!

One word...WOW!!
My sister and I were going to be in LV for my birthday and after looking at reviews for all the Brazilian Steakhouses there, she decided we were going to try Fogo.
We were definitely not disappointed!
We were warmly greeted by a woman (sorry, I didn't get her name) who seated us and proceeded to explain how the system works.
We knew we were in for a dining adventure!
For starters we had Brazilian limeades...they were fabulous!!
We were then greeted by the manager (Ricardo), he made us feel like family.
On to the salad bar, everything there was perfect to accompany the long list of beef, pork, and chicken choices.
My favorites were the grilled eggplant and asparagus.
Back at the table, we flipped over our service rounds to green (green for GO; orange for HOLD UP) and was immediately surrounded by several gentlemen all offering skewers of delectable delights.
When they are slicing, you are given tongs to receive your choice, so interactive!
After the first serving, we flipped our service rounds back over to orange and proceeded to enjoy our selections.
The woman who initially seated us, came by and asked us what else we wanted to try.
We asked for more beef and also the pork ribs, she immediately flagged down two servers to come to our table (and we didn't even have to flip our services rounds!).
Ricardo also came by again to ask us how it was going and to wish me a happy birthday!
Aside from mentioning my birthday while reserving my table through Open Table, we had not mentioned celebrating my birthday to anyone at the restaurant.
After another round of meat and another trip to the salad bar, we were done!
But not yet!
A server came by with a special birthday dessert...crème brulee topped with blueberries and strawberries with a separate plate with Happy Birthday written around the plate and a strawberry with a candle in it!
Ricardo came by again with a couple more Happy Birthday wishes, I felt so special!
It was an outstanding dining experience made all the more special by the great food and exceptional service!
If you're ever in LV and want to try the Brazilian Steakhouse, make a point for going to Fogo de Chao, you will not be disappointed!

The salad bar, meat assortment and service is out of this world!
I spilled on my shirt and they brought me a shout-out wipe, A SHOUT-OUT WIPE!
The meat is marinated and cooked to perfection and desired type ie: rare, medium etc...
I removed 1 star because of the price for dinner.
Lunch is well priced at half the dinner and is the same food!

Good Service, Good food.

Great bananas!
(No, seriously though, best bananas ever.
) Service is fast...almost too fast..."I'm getting hammered with meat.
" Pork ribs are some of the best I've had.
Prime sirloin is fantastic, as are the lamb chops.
The sides are pretty good, but the salad bar is not my favorite...some of the options (the prosciutto especially) tasted old and dried out.
Overall a really good experience though...just steer clear of the salad bar!

Excellent service!
Many amazing cuts of meat....the bacon wrapped filet was my overall favorite.
Would do it again.... had a great time.

I went here for my friends birthday for lunch and for lunch it's pretty reasonably priced.
Also if you're doing a low-carb or no carb diet you can really score here.
However the carbs did tempt me....

Meat eaters paradise.
Been to numerous brazilian restaurants and this chain is the best.
Food quality is top notch.
Salad bar is also high quality.
Servers are always bringing stuff you like.
Price is alittle pricey, but its still cheaper or cost the same as most buffets in Vegas

Great food, great service, this place rocks!

The manager comes by two three times making sure your dinning experience is what it should be or he will fix it ASAP and will greet you as you leave he is on the ball, and Amanda I think maybe an assistant manager will snap her fingers to please ( not literally) but she'll get the job done you want an expresso bam u got expresso u want top prime cooked rare bam and anything else they offer so yeah service was excellent and the food well let's just say gluttony a sin we live in Las Vegas sin city I know I sinned last night truly a steak lovers paradise  thank you Fogo De Chao for a great evening

My wife insisted that we have dinner here with the kids and I'm glad that she did.
This is my new go-to place whenever we're in Vegas and want steak.
Their meats were top-notch and the atmosphere was great.
I would still dine at other Las Vegas steakhouses but this would be my first choice from now on.

Texas de brazil wins hands down .
The meat was dry .
The pao de queijo was good .
Overall it sucked .
Sorry but I recommend everybody go to Texas de brazil

There are plenty of quality meats to be enjoyed here,  but it is difficult to avoid filling up on the cheap stuff.
I recommend the filet, the flank and the lamb chops.
Everything else was simply OK.
The salad bar was clean and attractive, but personally, I just saw it as filler.
I came for meat!
Service was remarkably inconsistent.
Our first waiter was borderline worthless.
It was difficult to get his attention when our entire table had empty drinks.
Strangely (and fortunately), he disappeared mid-meal, to be replaced by a waitress who was absolutely top notch.
She was astonishingly quick to fulfill or every need.
Without her, this review would have been 3 stars.
In the end, it still felt a little overpriced, but hey, this is Vegas baby.

Chose to go here for an anniversary dinner for both my husband and I, and my mother and step-father.
We were not disappointed.
The salad bar is spectacular.
Cured meats, cheeses, vegetables, fruits, soups, and different salads are all present.
Buffalo mozzarella and manchego cheese are two of my personal favorites.
The waiters provide you with an extensive spit-roasted meat selection, perfectly seasoned.
While I do not eat red meat, the chicken and pork were cooked to perfection and even the flank steak was good.
The garlic sirloin is the best meat there.
The waitstaff were professional, polite, and attentive to customers.
Our glasses were never empty, and the manager came over twice to ensure our experience was top-notch.
He also did not charge for my children (all 3 of them) which was surprising and very appreciated!

GREAT Service and delicious!
Texas De Brazil was a 2 hour wait on Father's Day so we were like hell ta-da no.
I'm glad we came to Fogo De Chao because I ended up liking it more than Texas De Brazil.
The staff was amazing--always checking up on us.
They cleared our plates and refilled us consistently.
We felt like royalty!
Food was fresh and well prepared.
Loved their huge salad bar, however I wished they had soup or bisque like T.D.B.
Pricing was a little higher than T.D.B but by a couple dollars.
I'd say it was well worth it.

I was part of a 36 person wedding party that was accommodated in a party room.
This place was just perfect for this occasion, great host and friendly wait staff.
Gauchos on the other hand were a bit grumpy, maybe because they cut meat all night?
That's my only negative.
Salad bar is amazing with all types of Brazilian salad, try the basil pesto salad dressing, it's to die for.
Meat galore, do not hesitate to tell a gaucho to send a specific cut if meat.

From the time you walk in, to the time your done it's an amazing experience.
The salad bar is the way to start your meal, but if your vegetarian or vegan, it's a perfect salad bar for you.
As for meat eaters, the meat is delicious.
The drinks are to die for.
And the deserts are amazing.
They also added fish to the menu, so there is something for everyone.
Perfect date night.

The ambiance is awsome waiters are very accommodating to our needs when it comes to the meat temperature to sum it up this place is a beautiful to bring friends and family .

They have the absolute best salad I've ever tried.
It has EVERYTHING!
I would go there just for the salad bar!
And the presentation is so grand!
The meats were pretty good.
I like the fact that you can choose a piece if meat cooked anyway you like and the chimichurri is so good.
My glands are salivating just thinking about it.

Absolutely stunning.
Love the atmosphere, relaxing brazilian music at a subdued volume, friendly and very polite waiters and gauchos, and the tables are situated at a nice distance from each other.
The food is basically perfect, every cut of meat was seasoned perfectly and was quite flavorful.
The sides and appetizers are also good (esp the caramelized banana) but of course the best approach is to save space for more meat :)  I wish there was one in my area (northern California) but when I travel I always try to go.

What an excellent dining experience!!!
$400 dollars for 4 people, with lots of drinks.
The meats were AMAZING....Flank steak, ribeye and filet were my favorite.
Salad bar was really good quality too.
The service was excellent.
Love this place will be going back.

Meat, mo meat, all kindz of meat..
This place is meat heaven i just dont understand why they have a salad bar but thays just me...polenta is killer , fried banana is excellent and the cheese bread,.. Addictive.. Ribeye, wow...
I took my friend here ( hes a meat guy) he dubbed it "best meal ever"... Pork ribs are awesome too..
I literally got drunk from eating meat here( real talk) $52 not bad at all for dinner in Las Vegas..two tips ,: take metamucil or something and maybe a lipitor.. Dontbworry itll be worth it...

The best part about Fogo de Chao is its reliability.
No matter what location you go to, the food is always consistently delicious.
It's great to try the different cuts and varieties of steaks, pork, lamb and chicken.
Solid wine list and full bar available.
It seems funny doting over the salad bar at carnivore's paradise, but it is one of my favorites anywhere.
Prosciutto, cheeses, grilled zucchini, artichoke hearts... You can get super creative and find yourself enjoying a well balanced meal.
Or, you can gorge yourself on the cheesy bread, steak and fried bananas.
However you do it, you'll leave satisfied.

Sadly, the salad bar was the best part.
The sliced meat was ok, but I've had better at similar style restaurants.
I was disappointed in the service,  as I was with a group of Chinese and there were some language barriers.
Most restaurants in Las Vegas seem to be able to handle this type of issue without any service problems,  but here the employees were noticeably impatient.
In one instance, when asked about one of the menu items (the chicken) the word "chicken" was very clear when the question was asked.
The waiter repeated it about 5 times to "confirm", but it just came off as petty and intolerant.
Considering the $600 check, I thought that was a bit unfortunate.

Really good food.
Salad bar is awesome and the bread is killer.
Service was good (other than a major screw up by our waiter that I will explain below), and it was noisy but not overly so.
Plus, we were sharing the dining room with the San Antonio Spurs (a perfect place to bring those big dudes!
)  The meat was good, but not all cuts were equal in quality.
My filet mignon was to die for, as was the lamb shank, but the sirloin was tough.
That's really all I can comment of beef wise because it's all I tasted.
This leads me to my missing stars.
I had gastric bypass 9 months ago, so I eat like a small child, sometimes less.
We went to this restaurant because my husband wanted Brazilian BBQ for his bday, so I was aiming to please.
I told the waiter about my restrictions and asked if there was a smaller portion option or another option all together.
He informed me that they had unlimited sea bass as an option but that was it.
That doesn't help me because "unlimited" will still be a waste of money when it comes to my stomach.
Ok fine, I guess I'll just go with the beef.
I was going to waste my money anyway.
After we paid the bill, I said to my husband, "I would come back if I could just do the salad bar.
There is plenty of protein there and it satisfied me without needing the meat, and that way you could come for the meat and we would waste $51.50 on me.
" A nearby server overheard and said, "Oh, you can do just salad bar, it's $28.99" Really?!
I asked for other options BEFORE the meal...
I kinda feel like I was scammed out of my $22.
Beef is hard to digest, so I literally ate 3 bites.
They knew I had by always having my "red coaster" up while my husband was on "green" the whole time.
So he knew I wasn't eating.
The kind thing to do would have been to charge me a child's rate.
The RIGHT thing to do would have been to answer me honestly when I asked for options since they weren't on the menu.
Puts a really bitter taste in our mouths, and for that reason alone, we probably won't be back.
All your waiter has to say was, "Yes, there are options... We can't charge you for a child, but in addition to our sea bass, we have a salad bar only option.
" That's it.
And for that you lost a customer.
Kinda sad.
I realize that at a buffet there is only one option (which is why I only go to those when husband is in the mood, otherwise it doesn't make sense for me).
But it is up front, and I know I'm throwing my money away by going.
The difference here is that there apparently are options and when I nicely asked for the available options at Fogo, I wasn't given them until my bill was paid.
That's bad business.

