SOOOOO disappointing & it had so much promise!!!
I ordered a Greek salad with dressing on the side for takeout on my lunch break.
I go the salad it had BEETS on it, but they were covered up with the feta cheese...like really beets???
I double checked the 'take out menu' I got to see if beets were there.
nope no beets.
I"m not a beet fan.
and my cucumbers were mushy and old  F-  booo

good damn this is some great pizza.
came here on my last day.
gonna make it my traditional go home meal from now on.
service was great.
the host gave me the remote and told me to make my self at home.very nice guy.even knew my home town and where it was.
ingridients are awesome.
BOARS HEAD.
yeah, thats right BOARS HEAD ingridients.
cheese was awesome.
suace was perfect.
wish they opened up a spot in LA.

I ordered a simple Cheese Pizza, thin crust.
BEST cheese pizza ever!
the crust was just thing and crispy enough, the cheese was delicious and it wasn't dry like other cheese pizzas, they made sure there was enough sauce on that pizza.
It was honestly so good i ended up eating a large all by myself and i am a tiny tiny woman lol Delicious, and Jorge was so nice and helpful.

The pizza sauce tasted like it was made with Tabasco!
New owners.
When we told them about how bad the pizza was he said well I will only charge you half price.
How about no charge?
We both got ill from this pizza.
Stay away!!

I say this place is worth it if you purchased a groupon.
I called to place an order for pick-up & they told me to come by in a half an hour.
I arrived at an empty restaurant 40 minutes later & my food wasn't ready yet.
Other than that...
The guys running the place were friendly, the pizza was decent & the Caesar salad was pretty tasty.
I like how they incorporated pieces of pita bread instead of croutons in the salad.
Try it out if you're a patient person who lives nearby!

Came in with a Groupon.
There is no time specified for the Groupon but was told it's good only for dinner but he accepted it anyway at 3.
Pizza was ok quality but super greasy.
The side salad was large and fresh.

Nice little mom and pop type place.
Had a ham and cheese sandwich and the bread tasted awesome and fresh.
lettuce and tomoato on sandwich was fresh as well.
my side was macaroni salad and it was good.
same macaroni salad you would find at other places.
restaurant was a nice little place and the owner was very friendly.

