Dr. Jazz, Dr.
Jazz!!!
Not only is she insanely hot and her staff so wonderful, but they got me in as fast as they could and treated me.
I could finally breathe when I left!
I found myself a new chiropractor!

I was nervous about going to a chiropractor for the first time.
Dr Jazz was highly recommended so I made an appointment.
I am very pleased with the entire staff.
This is an awesome clinic and I recommend Dr Jazz fully!

Dr. Jazz is great!
My husband and I started seeing her at my primary physician's suggestion after an accident a year and a half ago.
I have seen other chiropractors that were borderline scary in the past, so prior to going to CRC I was a little nervous and honestly almost skeptic to the practice as a whole.
After the first visit, my husband and I felt relief and my skepticism quickly faded.
Dr. Jazz is very professional and a master of her craft.
She was super thorough from the jump and I could tell that we were in good hands (literally).
She carefully reviewed our medical histories and the details of our accident and explained our injuries at great length to ensure that we understood our care plan.
Additionally, Diana and the office staff are so fun and friendly while providing expert therapy.
Everybody I have encountered in this place is personable and always in a great mood which makes me believe that they all really enjoy what they are doing.
If you are in an accident or even if you just need an adjustment you should check out CRC.
I highly recommend them!

Dr Jazz was great!
Im used to chiros that put me through an assembly line not even really noticing the issue.
Dr Jazz is more thorough and takes the time to treat the problem and help prevent it from triggering in the future.
Thank you doc :)

Dr jazz is awesome!
My aunt and uncle started going here after a bad car accident and got all fixed up.
Next thing you know, dad gets into an accident as well, but dr jazz is there to save the day.
In addition to my aunt, uncle and dad, me and my brother now go there for our monthly adjustments.
Very nice staff, easy to call and come in whenever feeling a little pain.
I've never believed in chiropractors before but dr jazz is excellent and wouldn't recommend anyone else.
Oh and FYI, I drive all the way from old town Scottsdale to see her (that's about 40 miles!
) and well worth it.

I started seeing Dr. Jazz when I moved to AZ about 2 years ago.
I had a regular chiropractor in So Dak and I was honestly pretty nervous about having someone else adjust me.
Dr. Jazz listened to what I had to say and put me at ease.
The office staff at Chiropractic Rehabilitation is always friendly, helpful and knowledgable.
About a year ago I was involved in a work-related accident.
I was out of touch with chiropractic care for most of that time.
I have recently started going back to Dr. Jazz and she's helping me work through some of my lingering issues from that accident.
I would highly recommend Dr. Jazz and her staff for all your chiropractic needs.

Did a great job.
Staff was very knowledgable and caring and I was in and out in a timely manner.

I was in an accident in January of 2014 and in severe pain.
I was recommended to go to Chiropractic Rehabilitation Center.
From my first visit,her staff was very attentive and competent in their job duties.
As Dr. Jazz treated me,the pain got less week!!!
Dr jazz has such a gentle and  effective touch when adjusting.I am now able to turn my neck with full  range of motion.
:-)  I am excited to say "i now have no more pain!
"  She is truly a Blessing!!!
I have recommend her to several of my closest friends,and they are now on a road to recovery!

I am 5 months pregnant with my first child and have been going to Dr Jazz  to treat back and neck pain/pressure issues due to the extra pregnancy weight.
She is absolutely FANTASTIC!!
Dr Jazz is very knowledgable and has such a caring touch.
Her staff is extremely welcoming and would highly recommend her practice to anyone!

