Hooray!
At last a restaurant within walking distance.
Luigi's is good.
We tried salad, pizza and pasta dishes.
I am very particular about pizza crust -- always hoping for that  New York/New Jersey thin crust, which is thin but flexible and tears rather than crunches.
Luigi 's comes pretty close, with nice slices of mozzarella and basil.
The pasta may not have been cooked in salted water, which left it bland.
Further, the pasta was a shade over cooked for my taste.
All in all, Luigi's is a much welcomed and tasty addition to the neighborhood!
Can't wait to try the paninis and the make your own cannolis.

I tried this place twice.
It is pretty uneven.
Service was choppy.
Cheerful but our order was slightly wrong both times.
It was quickly corrected.
The pizza is OK but the crust is paper thin and the portion small.
One pasta dish was great, the other was overcooked and dry.
So I see potential but some adjustments should be made.
Pizza Brutta nearby does a similar style pizza much more successfully, and Cafe Porta Alba does better with both  the pizza and pasta.
The dining room was cozy and inviting.
I hope they work out the kinks because I am really happy to have a restaurant in this location.

I tried Luigis after hearing good things from my friends, and I was not disappointed.
The pizza crust in particular is fantastic, and the carbonara was one of the best I've ever had.
Cozy atmosphere and friendly waitstaff made for a very enjoyable meal.
Also--meatball sampler??
Yes please!

I have now been to Luigi's twice and I enjoyed it both times.
The food was great and the staff did an awesome job!
If you like GREAT Pizza, served in an friendly, cozy atmosphere , then you will enjoy it as much as I do.

Finally got to visit the new Luigis with my kids.
We went mid-afternoon, so it wasn't crowded.
Pros: pleasant ( we chose the cute booth with disco ball by the door), quick service, nice people, kids meals are super cheap.
Cons: kids food was cold.
My Italian wedding soup was reasonably tasty (better after adding salt & pepper), but the orzo in it was mushy.
I was hungry, so ate in anyway.
In sum, the kids were happy, but I've had better food.

Went to Luigis this evening to check it out.
Our family used to patronize this restaurant when it was located downtown near the square and always enjoyed it.
But something has dramatically changed.
My son and I ordered two different salads and both salads were excellent.
I enjoyed the house viniagrette dressing as did my son.
But we both were very disappointed in our pizza's.
He ordered the pancetta pizza and the crust was overdone on the outside but inside was soft and underdone.
I ordered the Margherita Pie and was very disappointed.
It was salty and the crust tasted like it was made with "Boboli" bread from the supermarket.
I am a huge fan of pizza, especially the so-called NY thin crust pizza.
But this place does not qualify for that style of pizza!
I will not return!
Madisons Pizza Brutta is still the best place in town for the real deal in pizza!

I really want this place to be awesome.
We have been here 4 times, and each time it has declined.
The crust is really really bad, which is unfortunate, because I think the toppings are good.
Fancy salad is very good, but the large vs the small was mostly noticeable in price.
The manager was extremely nice and helpful, every time, but everyone else acted as if they wanted to be elsewhere.
Like I said before, I really want this place to be awesome.
Unfortunately, it isn't even good.
And I am hoping desperately for improvement, because it is very close to home and I would frequent it!

First off, this place is extremely family friendly.
At this point in our lives that is our number one priority when dining out.
Everything else takes a back seat!
We visited Luigi's for the first time on Saturday evening.
We went with another family.
So... 4 adults and 4 kids under the age of 3.
We arrived at 5:30p and had to wait about 30 minutes - the restaurant was packed!
Not a big deal - it was a nice evening - pletty of areas close by for the kids to walk/run around.
The food was really good!
The adults shared  a salad (fancy), and a couple of pizzas (sausage and the special that day).
We really enjoyed the thin crust.
The kids menu offered pizza and some pasta options.
The kids portions were generous and reasonably priced.
Our waitress - i forget her name - sorry!
- was great.
She was attentive, but not pushy.
She also had a good sense of humor, which really helps when dealing with 4 children under the age of 3.
The place was filled with a nice mix of people - families and couples, young people ,as well as, those with more grey around the edges.
The noise level was appropriate.
The concrete floors are a God send for easy clean up after the kiddies!
Luigi's will definitely get put into the rotation for our weekly family dinners out and about.
As Yelp says...  Yay!
I'm a fan!

I'm not a "foodie", people, so bare with me.... this is going to be a "normal" review.
I guess I could go into this review in chronological order...
The ambience of this pizzeria was 'pizza-y".
It was loud, a hand full of kids and the servers had those tuxedo T-shirts on.
Kinda seem hokey.
My 2 friends and I went here on a Saturday afternoon/evening.
We had to wait 20min to be seated which is expected for a Saturday, So I'm not complaining.
We had soda (also serve alcohol) and chatted while we waited.
I was surprised on how small the menu was (one page, front and back).
The waitstaff was funny and friendly but I hardly could get a refill on my drink.
No problems with the pizzas or our order in general.
I had a chicken pizza which was pretty good.
We all had dessert, in which I had cheesecake.
PRO- it was twice as tall as a normal restaurant slice of cheesecake.
To-go boxes were needed for all.
The price was average, maybe a tad above average.
I'd have to say the whole experience (quality, quantity, service, price) was average.
Thus the 3 stars.
Would I go again?
Yes, if I was given a gift card.
No gift card?
I rather go downtown...

The sausage pizza was very good.
The crust was thin but not too crispy - which is how I prefer my thin crust.
I'm no sausage expert but they say it's house-made and I believe them.
It tasted good enough to be such.
The pizzas are a lot of food for a good price, and if you have a light appetite, they can easily be shared.
Hopefully the pizza is this good every time - other reviews note inconsistency in that regard, which sucks, because my pizza was one of the better I've had in a while.
The meatball pasta was a flub however.
The tomato sauce was overabundant and way too acidic.
The pasta was overcooked in some places and undercooked in others; about half of the pasta was what I would call properly cooked.
And the meatballs were mostly flavorless and mediocre.
The sauce issue is odd because the sauce on the pizza had just the right amount of sweetness, and I'm sure it's the same sauce.
I would be reluctant to order any dish off the menu where the sauce isn't tempered by massive amounts of cheese and other ingredients.
A companion's prosciutto pasta was delicious however.
It's the only pasta that features a non-tomato sauce, and they should change that.
The decor seems to be suffering from split-personality disorder.
Industrial-style exposed ductwork?
Yep.
"Rustic" Italian stucco from the homeland?
Yup.
Classic pizzeria-style red-checked table cloths?
You betcha.
It's pleasant enough but they may have been trying too hard.
Scratch that - they were absolutely trying way too hard.
The only thing missing is translucent-green plastic squiggly things hanging randomly from the ceiling.
And fake tuxedo shirts - oh wait.
Overall, Luigi's is a nice addition to the area, but not a transcendent experience by any means.
A typical Food Fight restaurant.

The first time we were here it was for dinner.
It was very crowded and a bit slow but the pizza was delicious.
We came back two days ago for lunch.
It was reasonably priced with the perfect amount of food for lunch!
For about $8 we each got a small salad and a 6" pizza.
I got the bada bing and he got pepperoni and mushroom.
I highly recommend the bada bing- it has bacon, fontina, white sauce, caramelized onions, grilled asparagus, and roasted mushrooms.
YUM

I had heard good things about this place and was looking forward to checking it out.
In the end, the experience was just average.
It's like this place hasn't reached it's full potential.
I went with my Mom and we shared a carafe of white wine.
The wine was not served very chilled which was disappointing.
I ordered a small salad with arugula, mozarella, prosciutto and melons with balsamic dressing.
It tasted good-but it was supposed to be an arugula salad and there was a lot of regular lettuce in it.
The dressing was delicious.
I think the presentation was a bit disappointing (the cheapy bowl it came in and the way the ingredients were cut up and thrown in) but overall it tasted good.
I ordered the truffle oil fontina pizza and it was very good.
My mom ordered the pizza with mushrooms, red onions and spinach and was disappointed in hers because it didn't have enough tomato sauce.
Overall Luigi's was good - not sure if I would rush back.
The prices make it affordable and they have outdoor seating which is nice.
However, I think there are areas that can be improved to make it an excellent place.

I went to Luigi's tonight, and, call me jaded, but although the small $3.99 'fancy' salad was really tasty (blue cheese, nice greens, toothy thingies) the bowl it came in was (as one poster intimated) like something from a garage sale (and as another posted intimated, it was like a big pile of hacked up stuff).
The B.
B.  pizza  (I won't spell it, just as I avoided pronouncing it at the restaurant)  was a sumptious treat, with a vast sea of cheese on a flat, flat crust highlighted by bacon peaks and sweet caramelized onion hills - - the thing was delish.
The welcome from the staff, and the obsequious service (no choice but to tip 25%; actually in many ways stellar excellent), was something that normally you would be grateful for, except that it  was WAY over the top ingratiating.
Like WAY.
Will I go back?
Yup.

Great food, perfect pizza

Not quite Neopolitan style, but very close.
The Bada Bing pizza was a flavorful astonishment (bacon!!!
), and the salad ahead of time was fresh and dressed properly.
The wine list is short but enough to cover your dinner needs.
The server was quite attentive (and she volunteered to fix a problem with the meal for my child even before we said anything).
It was not fair to Luigi, but we noted the Chocolate Shoppe across the lot and skipped dessert at the pizza restaurant in favor of ice cream.
But, for you, you have the choice of either (or both if you're really in a dessert mood!
) - Enjoy.

I'll admit upfront that I am writing this review shortly after visiting Luigi's where I did drink a significant amount of wine.
But we had a great time sitting outside and wanted to express my enthusiasm straight away.
The staff was very friendly and the food was good.
To go into detail about how outgoing the staff was, the waiter went across the parking lot to the Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream store to make our chocolate pudding cake 'a la mode'.
The cake was very good.
In conclusion: Pretty Good food (well above average Madison pizza), Very personable and outgoing staff, and a great all round experience.

I'm always disappointed.
It's expensive and 3 out of 4 times I have not liked my meal.
Portion size varies drastically, too, especially with to-go orders.

Good thin crust pizza.
We had the Dough Knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch Popeye Pie for dinner and took home a slice of the Italian Creme Cake.
Can't complain -- all was tasty.
Best part?
The price.
The cake was somewhat of a splurge ($6.50, but the slice is huge) - otherwise, it would have been a $12 dinner for two.
We'll be back to try more pizzas.
We were there early for dinner on a Wednesday and it was not crowded (not shocking...).
Our order was taken at a table, though several people came in to order to-go and went straight to the counter.

I've had Luigis now about ten times in the last year and I must say, I'm a fan.
I've only had it for carry out so I can't speak of the table service.
I truly believe that Luigis makes some of the best pizza in Madison, without a doubt!
It's not Neapolitan and it doesn't pretend to be.
However, it does sort of on the surface maybe a little bit resemble neapolitan pizza but with a real midwestern twist.
The pizza has been somewhat inconsistant over the last year (mainly in the first few months)  but I feel they've worked out all the kinks.
If you live on the near west side then I highly recommend calling ahead and picking up a double cheese (thick) baddabing to go, with a side of spinach and artichoke dip.
Order doughnuts with dipping marinara as well, they make for a great little side.
I don't think I would be sitting down for dinner since I can't have a rum drink here.
Either way, It's a great addition to the neighborhood.

Good service, friendly staff, very good pizza with some unusual toppings.

Full disclosure: Outside of occasional visits to Gino's East in Chicago and Pizza Lucé in Minneapolis, my usual pizza M.O.
is to pick up a pie at Papa Murphy's on the way home from work.
My visit to Luigi's last night may change that.
It's not that I don't like pizza.
I just tend not to use my carb splurges for that.
Happily, the crust at Luigi's is a carbophobes delight: razor thin, but flavorful and baked to perfection.
We went with our usual (pepperoni and sausage), since my companion and I can rarely agree on other ingredients.
The sausage is billed as "house made" and tasted wonderful.
The pepperoni was...pepperoni.
And the tomato sauce had just the right kick - not bland, not too spicy.
They have a nice selection of red wines - all for the same price.
I love that they come in a quartino size - which is about a glass and a half.
I always seem to want more than one glass - but not a full two.
This was just enough that my companion (who isn't a drinker) could have a couple of tastes, too.
The service was attentive and friendly, but not overpowering.
And our pizza, the wine and a lemonade came to just over $20 (not including tip).
Very reasonable for a mid-week dinner out.
We'll be back!

Heads up: the gluten-free pizza is not actually gluten-free.
If you have an intolerance, don't take your chances.
You will get sick.

I really want to like this place because I'm so glad to have a restaurant in the space...but after perhaps 5 visits I guess I'd rather just see another restaurant take over.
No visit to Luigi's has been memorable - mostly forgettable.
The service is always friendly, but turnover seems high and they just can't seem to get it together.
I can tell they're trying - they really are, but the proof is in the proverbial pudding.
They do have a great variety in the pizzas and my pasta tonight was good (though it is hard to miss with a cream sauce), I SO wish: -they had a lunch menu (their prices are fine for dinner, but for lunch it's just too pricey) -they had 3 times as many sandwiches -the desserts were a better value (like the kids meals!
) -they offered perhaps 8 pasta dishes instead of 4

Wonderful pizza with fabulous service With definitely be visiting again!

Sat outdoors and had great iced tea and fantastic pizza.
Wait staff was really nice and atmosphere was just right.

After attending the Yelp Elite event "Cheesy Does It" at Luigi's, I vowed to return as soon as possible so that I could dig a little deeper into their menu.
Part of my project team demanded pizza for lunch today, so I suggested we order Luigi's.
Very few of them had heard of the place (zero, actually), but all were eager to give it a try.
Online ordering was a breeze; the Chow Now service was incredibly easy to use.
I registered, ordered, paid, and received confirmation all in less than 5 minutes.
Wow!
The next pleasant surprise came via email - Luigi's said, "Your order will be ready in 20 minutes.
" Holy cats, that was fast!
Delivery isn't available over the lunch hour, so I raced over to Midvale as quickly as I could.
I arrived exactly 20 minutes after receiving the notification and guess what?
The entire order was ready and waiting.
Friendly staff handed me the order and thanked me for the business.
I drove back to the office and shared the bounty.
Cheese bread, with roasted red pepper, garlic, bacon, and bleu cheese was excellent.
Slightly salty but oh so flavorful.
Bread got a little soft during the 20 minute drive, but that's my fault, not Luigi's.
Folks devoured this in no time.
The margherita pizza was simply awesome.
The crust was so perfect - about as thick as a "thick" saltine cracker, chewy yet crispy, and bursting with yeasty flavor.
Toppings were fresh and flavorful; the house made mozzarella was firm and incredible.
This was my favorite, believe it or not.
The Bada Bing boasted white sauce, bacon, asparagus, fontina, caramelized onions, and mushrooms.
The crust was once again superb; the entire pie was delicious.
I could only grab one slice before it was gone.
The Truffle featured white sauce, mushrooms, fontina, mozzarella and truffle oil.
Aside from making my car smell like a million dollars, this pie received the most compliments from my fellow team members.
They thought it was unique, bursting with flavor, and they loved the savory aroma.
I agreed.
I think I've found my new "go to" place for pizza.
Finally!
Yay Luigi's!!

Less than 8 minutes away and you won't deliver because I am on the wrong side of the beltline.
Lost a customer for making me feel less because of the side of the beltline I live.

I could squeeze the grease from a slice and use it to top off the oil in my car.

I have driven past Luigi's hundreds of times and read the mixed reviews here on Yelp and elsewhere, but on Friday I was out with the kids, with whom pizza and pasta is always a hit, so this time we finally stopped in.
They were busy, but we didn't have to wait for a table.
Unfortunately, we waited a while for the busy server and for our appetizers (although the entrees came out very shortly after the apps).
The dough knots were well baked, crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside, with a golden brown, buttery finish and topped with parmesan.
Good appetizer.
The garlic cheese bread came out about 10 minutes after the knots.
If it had been 8 minutes, it would have been perfect -- it was a tad overcooked.
The marinara dipping sauce for both appetizers was fresh and thick, if a bit heavy on the garlic.
The kids ordered their $2 entrees (yes, I said $2 kids' meals!!!
) -- buttery pasta and an individual cheese pizza (the sausage was $0.50 extra).
The blood orange Italian soda was refreshing on this mild summer evening.
I had a 12" sausage & tomato pizza.
The cornbread-based crust was crispy and the tomatoes were fresh if not plentiful.
This pizza is more than enough for two people; I brought half home for my wife.
One star for fresh ingredients, one star for $2 kids' meals, one star for a 4/5* pizza and one for the excellent desserts (you can tell they're a sister restaurant to Hubbard Ave.).
If you're expecting gourmet Italian, you'll be disappointed; for casual dining with a good variety and value for families, Luigi's hits the spot.

This place was amazing.
It reminded me of the little cafes I ate at in Italy.
The pizza was to die for.
We will be back for sure!

My wife and I tried Luigi's tonight and were mostly unimpressed.
Although there were several tables open, we waited better than five minutes before we could interest anyone in seating us.
Then we sat.... and sat..... and sat.... And were about to walk out when a server finally came by and asked if we were ready to order.
We asked if he might want to take our drink order first which seemed to irritate him.
He took our drink order and returned a few minutes later w/o the drinks and asked if we were ready to order.
I asked about the drinks and Justin, our illustrious server, said he was "in the area" and thought he could "save some time".
That pretty much summed up our service--whatever was most convenient for him.
I had the lasagna which was just ok and lukewarm at best.
However, they earned a second star for my wife's pizza--that was darn good.
When it came time to pay the bill, an observant server (NOT Justin) swung over and said that he had seen us looking around as if we needed some help and took our credit card   Bottom line:  Although the pizza is very good, it isn't worth enduring the lousy service--there are much better choices around town.
We won't be back

Love, love, love!
What a wonderful addition to our little Sunset Village, not to mention the fantastic location adjacent to popular local shops we frequently patronize & our beloved, green Sequoya Public Library.
But I digress.
The pizza here is generously sized, beautifully presented, quickly served, and most importantly, authentically prepared, and oh-so-delicious.
The service is prompt, friendly, courteous, and professional.
The other night we wound up having a very interesting conversation with our server.
We love to meet new people and this guy was interesting, educated, articulate, and friendly.
One of our fav places in the 'hood to be sure!
Deserts to die for as well if you have room after all the fab appetizers & mains.

I received a Food Fight Restaurants gift card from a friend.
After reading the mixed reviews, I still ended up deciding to try Luigi's above the other restaurants.
We initially went on a Saturday night.
There was a 45 minute wait and we had plans later that night, so we left and decided to come back the next day.
We returned on Super Bowl Sunday around 2pm.
The place was very empty and we were seated right away.
We ordered the garlic cheese bread and 2 pizzas: Pepperoni and the Whadayacallit.
The garlic cheese bread was awesome!
The pizzas were just okay.
They weren't bad but they weren't very memorable either.
You may like the pizzas more than I did, they just weren't my favorite.
Since it was practically empty when we were there, the service was okay, but I can see it being slow on a busy night.

I really like the salads, especially the fancy salad.
I also that there are gluten free options.
The pizza is yummy too!
The staff are always very welcoming.
They also have a great lunch special which includes a salad and slice for around 8 bucks.

I have driven by this restaurant many times and always wanted to try it.
Well tonight we decided to try it.
We were sat right away.
Then proceeded to wait almost 20 min before a waiter came to our table.
When they finally showed up they were apologetic.
Since we had been waiting so long we already had our orders ready.
Our drinks and app came out quickly.
We got the garlic knots.
They were super tiny and very bland.
Not worth it.
What we ordered as our entree was the porky pizza.
And after an hour of waiting and being told several times it would be right out.
My husband went and found the waiter to see if it was close to being ready and surprise surprise no it was not.
So we said forget the pizza paid for what we had already had went to another restaurant for dinner.
We will never go back ever.
I wish there was a rating in the negative!

Always searching for a lunch deal - that's me.
Luigi's may become my near West side place to go when I am out doing errands and crave some cheezy fresh pizza and a salad.
Lunch special - ANY pizza at 6 inch size with ANY small salad for $8.99.
That is a good deal when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz.
I chose the housemade spicy sausage pizza and the arugula salad.
Crust was thin and perfect really.
(fyi- I am super picky about pizza crust.
) Sausage was tasty.
The salad was BIG for a small salad; it came with lots of caramelized onions, walnuts and fresh goat cheese.
While a 6 in.
pizza would not satisfy my husband - for me it is exactly right for lunch.
Service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.
Tables have paper covers and crayons- fun!
They were offering some fresh fruit Sangrias - which sounded awesome - must go back and try those!

I really like this place.
The staff are always friendly and memorable, and the food is great.
The pizzas are thin with a perfectly crispy crust.
My husband orders the sausage and adds mushrooms.
It's really good.
He eats about 2/3 of it and has a nice treat for breakfast the next day.
I really like their "fancy salad" with fresh  greens, bleu cheese, real bacon bits and avocado slices.
So darn good.
The cheese bread has roasted red peppers, bleu cheese and bacon, topped with mozzarella.
Wow, that's good stuff!
It's a cute restaurant in a handy location.
Save room for ice cream at Chocolate Shoppe!

Best pizza I've had for a long time.
Crust is soft and crispy and just perfect.
We ordered the sequoia bomber and sausage.
The former had artichokes.
My girl ordered it and I expected it to be meh but actually it was very good.
The latter was just amazing.
Wish they would deliver to MN.
Also, did not bring my tape measure but let's just say it is rare for me to be defeated by a "12 inch" pizza.
Seemed large to me!
Brilliant place.

Went with our 3 kids.
I had a pizza which was pretty good.
Like a lot of Neopolatin  pizzas it was soggy in the middle but ingredients were fresh and good.
My husband had the lasagna which was also good.
2 of my kids ordered from the kids menu.
(3d is a baby) The tiramisu was the bomb!
The only downfalls I have to mention is that I was surprised that are total was almost $70.
Also it is kind of dark in the restaurant.
I would of liked a little lighter and brighter but maybe that's just me..

