Bikram Yoga Mesa is awesome!
Being new to Bikram Yoga I wasn't sure what to expect, what to wear, etc.
I was nervous initially, but quickly put at ease because the instructors went out of their way to ensure that I was comfortable in my first few classes.
I am still impressed that the instructors welcome me by name and can call me by name in class.
I like having options to attend early morning classes before work or evening classes after work.
The studio is always clean and I feel comfortable being there.
After completing my two week trial I signed up for the monthly auto pay option.
I'm two months in now and I am addicted!

I was looking for a yoga studio close by to ease into getting back into shape after having a baby.
I wasn't too thrilled about doing Bikram Yoga, but this was a great first experience.
I was nervous about doing yoga again after a long hiatus, about the heat and fearing that I'd pass out or want to throw up, and just about the whole experience in general.
I was pleasantly surprised at how comforting the experience was and not only that I survived, but that I enjoyed it!
The class had people of all ages, sizes, and experience levels so I was not intimidated at all.
The instructor was very knowledgeable and encouraging.
Only thing I would do differently is to make sure I hydrate a lot more before and after.
Looking forward to my next class!

Have been practicing at this studio for about 8 months now.
Before I arrived for my first class I knew nothing about yoga and had never taken a class elsewhere.
John and all his instructors have been fantastic.
The physical benefits provided by yoga are too numerous to mention.
John and all his instructors do a great job for the beginner so don't be afraid to try it out.
It is a very friendly environment and I could talk all day/night and never run out of good things to say about  the people here.

I had no idea what 'Hot Yoga' was before I came to Bikram Yoga Mesa.
After practicing for almost a year at this studio I am so glad I joined.
All the teachers at this studio are amazing , always helpful and they understand everyone is at different level in their practice.
I have heard rumors of other instructors at other studios being strict, rude or even pushing people beyond their limits.
This place is not like that.
All the instructors respect the students and each other.
Everyone one here is very welcoming and friendly.
AND .....this studio has the best prices in town compared to all the others I have looked at!
I will never go anywhere else.

Poor practice room etiquette.
Teachers need to be more helpful with new students, the poor women next to me was struggling the whole class with no help from the teacher and no instruction to listen to your body and sit or lay down when you need to.
Also music at the end, something new for me!
Not sure how I feel about this studio.

This place is just great!
The studio is smallish and cozy with separate male/female locker rooms.
Owner/instructor Jon is very kind and encouraging -- makes you feel welcome and tells you how great you did (even when you almost fall on your face).
The place is very judgement-free -- yogis of all levels/ages/sizes practice here.
It doesn't even matter if all you're able to do is lie on your back in savasana the entire class -- all are welcome!
So far, I've only taken classes with Jon (he sprays yummy peppermint essential oil in the air) and Heidi (who "walks" on your feet during certain poses -- which feels amazing) and have liked both.
I must say, Bikram is addicting!
If you're new to the practice, give it a couple tries and I promise, at first you may feel like you're dying but after a few classes, you will feel more alive!
It's been the only thing that's helped ease my lower back pain.
And after a long, stressful day, I find myself craving it.
Make sure not to eat a big meal right before class, wear as little clothes as possible, bring a yoga mat/towel/water bottle and an open mind.
There's a pretty awesome Groupon going on right now for the place too!

