Good food good beer!!!
Great service!!
'nn

Good food, if you like pizza you'll love "The Gilroy" oh, plus the beers are ice cold!

So I've been to a lot of PT's here in Las Vegas and this location is probably the oddest location.
Horizon and Horizon is great that it's right off the freeway, however, kinda dark and creepy in my opinion.
We came here one night to hang out during the Holiday season.
Just like any PT's, the bar is and will always be the center focal point of this location.
This location didn't have as big of a bar as other location, but still big focal point.
The lighting was not at elegant as I've seen and the smell of cigarettes was a little overpowering.
There's ample seating all around the bar and tables around the restaurant.
I always enjoy their tall Coors Light drafts of beer.
It's about 5 dollars and for me, lasts a long time.
In that visit, I got the Club Wrap for about $10.
This wrap was filled with ham, turkey, bacon, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise, all wrapped in a tortilla.
Yeah, A LOT OF STUFF!
You can choose from a few sides, I chose the coo coo chips.
Homemade chips with a smokey seasoning.
Everything was super flavorful and good.
The wrap was stuffed with a little too much mayonnaise but still good.
If you're in the area, you should visit this PT's and see what you think.
If you're ever familiar with PT's, which if you're local, you probably are, then you definitely know that this is a usual PT's, but the location still creeps me out.
See for yourself though!

I guess this a chain...but...I've never heard of it before.
Came here on a whim with friends when in town and had a great time.
Our server was a lot of fun.
Most importantly, they had Glenfiddich 12.
Delicious Scotch is a must when road-tripping.

Fast, friendly, good

I'll open by saying that it delivers three things for me and friends that go in:  it's close, it serves great bar food and drinks, and it's cheap.
The entire bar is clean and presented well.
And the staff are always friendly, if ever changing.
There are two pool tables, plenty of LCD tvs for watching sports, and a few games to play.
As a close neighborhood bar it delivers.
Walk in and say hello to Steve at the bar.
He's a great bartender.
As a chain, it's not creative.
It isn't unique.
But this location in particular does a great job at delivering on what PTs does best.

Very poor service and treatment of locals.
Beware of this location

I really like the location of this PT's.
It has a certain charm to it being tucked in under a hill of the Black Mountain.
The building looks very new and the interior is smaller, but modern and clean.
When I arrived late afternoon on a Thursday there were only couple of other patrons there.
The female bartender was very friendly and accommodating.
She told me about their $2 Dos Equis special.
I usually do a shot of whiskey and a beer if I am not in the mood for a cocktail.
They didn't have Jim Beam's Devil's Cut so I settled on Jack Daniel's Honey.
I also told her about the Yelp check in special that is good for one free domestic pint or a well drink.
She was very excited that someone has finally claimed it.
I opted for a whiskey sour and another beer.
I asked her if she could change one of the TV channels to a news channel and she happily obliged.
If she stayed, this review would have easily been four stars, but it was the end of her shift.
A male and female bartender took over.
Their focus became on the silver hairs that kept on trickling in -- the regulars I guess.
I asked to look at the food menu, and everything was pretty pricey for bar food.
The cheapest burger was ~$10... no thanks.
I finished my drink and called it a day.
The total was only $10.50 because they had good specials and my free check in drink.
One star for the location since it is walking distance to the house and one star for the initial bartender.
If you're not a regular expect to be ignored.

Probably the worst service my husband and I have had in a while.
First, it took 25 minutes to get the attention of the waitress to order our drinks and another additional 20 minutes for them to put the game on we ask for when we first walked in.
This made my husband very discouraged because he missed the first quarter of the game he was looking forward to.
It took the waitress another 45 minutes before our order for food was taken.
Another half an hr later when we finally got our food, it came out way overdone.
I would have understood this type of service if the place was packed.
However, when there is only 5 maybe 6 tables occupied, this type of service is ridiculous especially for a sports bar on football sunday.
We felt extremely neglected seeing we barely ever saw any wait staff on the floor.

We had a decent visit here for a lunch treat!
It was our first time visiting a PT's.
I have seen them all over the Vegas area but hadn't stopped in until now.
We bellied up to the bar instead of sitting at a table.
They weren't very busy but sitting there just seemed easier.
The bartender was very pleasant!
She got us our drinks and took our order in no time.
I was in the nacho mood... again.
The husband was in a wings mood... again.
So nachos and wings it is...Again!
ha ha.
The nachos were a huge plated serving.
It was topped with chili, cheese, jalapeños, sour cream and guac.
Tasty!
The chili gave the nachos a wonderful flavor.
I wouldn't hesitate from ordering this again.
The wings?~ Well, my husband liked them.
Me?
Not so much.
Their buffalo hot sauce didn't cut it for me.
The flavor was just blah.
It almost left a bad aftertaste that I couldn't shake.
Oh well.
I had chili cheese nachos to cover that!
The place itself is really nice!
It's clean, up to date, lots of seating and a game room with two pool tables in the back.
It was a good first time visit for us.
I'm sure we will be back!

Great place to hang out and watch a game Nothing to complain about from me... White pizza is one of the best out here and the service commendable ... Don't mind the prices , but hit up the happy hour and you won't be disappointed

Jed and Robin are the best bartenders in town, the beer is ice cold, and you never have to wait for a drink.
Great bar!

$8.25 for a little Bloody Mary, well Vodka.
You make the call

I love this PTs.
the bartenders (Geb I think?
) are awesome.
The atmosphere is perfect.
The happy hour is unbeatable with many beers on tap.
Big fan of this PTs.

Today I was in the Henderson area & decided to stop in to the PT's on Horizon & Horizon.
The bartenders name was Michelle & the service was AMAZING!
They have a waitress too, Becky, and she was ALSO AMAZING!
Very friendly staff & a very inviting atmosphere.
Being a single female i felt really comfortable in the environment.
I will most definitely be returning to see these girls!
Great food, great drinks & outstanding personalities from these two ladies!
Thanks Michelle & Becky, I'll see you soon!

My husband and I used to go here often about a year ago and it was awesome.
We had a variety of food from the menu and it was always very good.
I'm not sure what happened but we came here tonight and it was awful!!
We ordered pizzas to go and they were horrible.
They had very very little sauce, the cheese on the cheese pizza didn't even cover the pizza except in spots.
The crust was burnt and chewy (go figure that combination) and the crust was about an inch and a half to two inches of the pizza.
(In other words their 16" pizza was like a 12 inch pizza stretched to meet the measurements).
It was just horrible.
For 50 bucks in pizza we could've and should've gone across the street to Sushi!

