Three years ago, my mother made the unfortunate decision to hire Leolinda Bowers to sell her home.
Leolinda initially across as warm, professional, and caring but , in my opinion, I would rate her a negative 10 if I could do so.
Had I known more about real estate, my mother and I would have demanded a different realtor take over the sale early on.
Since we were selling the home from California, we relied on our neighbors who told us Leolinda rarely held the open houses.
From what we were told, she apparently had her husband holding them.
Leolinda also urged my mother to participate in the Gold ticket group which is used to make buyers think there is something special with the house.
If I remember correctly, we were told my mother would have to contribute $200 to a fund that would be used as prizes for realtors at a luncheon held for the realtors (?).
My mother declined this offer.
Of course, this was never put in writing so when we pulled up to the house (once it sold) was I surprised to see the Gold ticket for sale sign.
(I have a picture, date, time to prove this.
)  When I asked Leolinda about this, she said it was a mistake.
Also, when it came time to decide upon an offer, in my opinion, Leolinda failed to act as my mother's advocate.
Instead, she sent myriads of documents saying prices had fallen and it was best to take the offer.
We declined, I countered with an offer of $20K more, and the buyers signed without a hint of protest.
If any of you have read Malcom Gladwell's The Tipping Point, then you know some (most) realtors could care less about the price being decreased by 20K since it's a minor loss of commission (at 6% we're talking $1200).
I could go on and on but suffice it to say that we do NOT recommend Leolinda Bowers to sell your home.
It's my belief the Sun City West market is low because of realtors who just want to sell, take their commission, and move on.
The retiree market is extremely vulnerable and has to rely on trusting their realtor.
If the realtor fails to advocate for them, then both the market and the sellers suffer while the realtor walks away with their 6% commission.
I believe the SCW market is deflated because of this and not just because of the economic downturn.

Leolinda is simply the most caring and professional realtor I have ever dealt with.
I trust her implicitly!
By the time you finish selling or buying a home with Leolinda, you will feel as if you made a life long friend!
Thank you Leolinda!!

Leolinda is the ultimate professional.
I have had the pleasure of working with her in the purchasing my first home in Az in 2005, a second rental home in 2007 and then the sale of that house.
I am looking to sell again and I am calling her!
For the first transaction, I was still living in California.
Leolinda kept me informed on every detail in a timely manner.
She was always available for questions and guided me with her expertise.I was selling my house in Ca at the same time.The difference in the two realtors was night and day.
At the time I was dealing with the death of both of my parents within months of each other.That is when the caring,compassionate side of Leolinda graced my life.
She understood the range of emotions I was going thru and dealt with me in a very patient and genuine manner.
When you find a quality professional business person, you pass their name on.
I have with Leolinda.
I would have absolutely no hesitancy in recommending her (and I have-to both family and friends!).
You do not become top in your field, in any area of business, without satisfied clients behind you, an expertise in all aspects of the industry and  sound personal integrity.
Leolinda has it all!

Leolinda is an active and forward-thinking agent covering Arizona.
I have known her in the business world for years and couldn't think of anyone know knows more about the market.
Her extensive blogging knowledge proves she is the expert in her community.
She is thoughtful, professional and wonderful at overcoming uphill battles.
I highly recommend Leolinda.

We listed our home in Sun City Grand with Leolinda after interviewing several agents.
It was a no brainer after she walked into my kitchen, she was the one.
No one knows the market like her!
Our home sold in 2 weeks for full price.
We had already moved out of the area and needed a few items corrected on the home inspection, she took care of everything and it costs us penny's.
If you are thinking about selling or buying in any of the communities in Surprise, AZ Leolinda Bowers is the only number you will ever need.
Judy and Ben Bee

If you want a top-performer and world-class service, Leolinda Bowers is your Realtor®.
I have worked with Leolinda Bowers for over three years.
Leolinda is always polished, professional, and conducts herself with integrity.
Her attention to detail is unmatched.
While at my office, Leolinda has occasionally taken a phone call from one of her clients.
The personal regard she has for her clients is evident in her conversations.
She always makes time to answer questions in detail, and gently guides clients through stressful situations and moments of uncertainty.
At the magazine I work for, I occasionally receive calls from folks who are planning to move to the West Valley and are looking for information about the area.
If they ask me to recommend a realtor, I never hesitate to refer Leolinda.
She's an expert on the retirement communities near the Phoenix-Metro area.
Several years ago I had an experience with a realtor in the Phoenix area.
To say I was unimpressed is a gross understatement.
She had no personal knowledge of the properties she was showing, and I'm quite sure she made no effort to find out anything beforehand.
Questions about the home and the neighborhoods were answered with guesses.
If you want to avoid a similar experience and work with a true professional, call Leolinda Bowers.

