I have had a horrendous time trying to make an appointment for grooming here.
I've gone to a few groomers and never had such a hard time.
They post groupons that you can't use because they don't have appointments.
I try to book ahead, get a few appointment times, call back 5min later and am then told that they are pretty full but that I should try later in the week.
I can't tell you how their services are, because I'll be going elsewhere.

I can't say enough about Chandler Dogs!
We first started taking our husky-mix, Cayla, to their original location, Gilbert Dogs, and we were very happy when this location opened!
It's HUGE with separate rooms for the big dogs, the small dogs, and the "just chillin" dogs.
I love that the facility is kennel free and it's available to drop off or pick up your dog 24 hours a day (just call ahead so they know when to expect you!).
Everyone is great & really cares about the dogs, and they give you a "report card" at the end of their visit.
And our absolute favorite thing is that they take videos of the dogs & post them to Facebook so even when we're away on vacation we can see what our sweet Cayla is up to.
P.S.
they're not just for boarding- you can also drop off your pooch for "daycare" or a dog park field trip too!
5 enthusiastic stars.
Hope our Cayla sees your pooch there soon!

Great experience for a last minute choice.
We were doing the mud run and needed a place for Bruce for the day.
I was groggy at 645 am on a sat and was running late like usual.
Both attendants were friendly and helped us get setup paperwork wise and doing a quick dog test.
Bruce passed with flying colors and we were on our way.
Layout of dog area isnt huge but defnitley better than kennels.
They did have a handful of dogs and semmed attentive.
They do have onlie cameras as well.

So let's just start off by saying that I love my dog like he's my child.
I'm guessing there's a pretty good chance that you do too if you're reading this.
I've searched high and low to find a great option for my pup while I'm away.
What I love about this place: 1.
There are no cages or kennels - Dogs are grouped according to size and just get to play with each other the entire time they're there!
No hidden fees - since they're out of kennels all the time there is no charge for playtime with other dogs, no need to pay for extra walks, and no charge for brining your own food.
My puppy is always tuckered out when he leaves.
They do so many fun things with the dogs.
Just check out the youtube videos they upload.
Between Chandler Dogs and Gilbert Dogs I've had artwork, report cards, and Christmas stockings to bring home with my little bundle of joy.
Their price is very comparable to all other boarding facilities that I've looked at.
Maybe a few dollars more per day but it can even out when you buy packages for 5 or 10 days depending on your length of stay.
While the property may not look like anything super special when you drive into the strip mall or even walk into the facility I promise you that it's worth it!
They take a great deal of pride in what they do and treat the puppies like their own.
Be patient if you try calling and no one answers - they're busy trying to stop loving the dogs for a second to come help you out    I do think it says a lot about a place if I'm willing to make the 25 minute commute over to chandler for the pup when there are many options around.
Cheers!

Chandler Dogs pet sit for our two dogs, one of which is epileptic.
They fed them, refreshed their water, and gave medication with no fuss.
They even gave us email updates while we were out of town!
Very professional.
I give them 5 stars for customer service!

Very friendly & my bichons were happy and looked great!

Went there with Yelp Deal ($25 for $50) a few months ago.
I meant to post a review immediately after taking our dog (a 2-year old 20lb Shih Tzu) but it slipped my mind.
My wife dropped him off so I did not get a chance to look at the facilities, but my wife said everything looked fine.
The problem was that when we got him back he was covered in razor burns and some of his nipples were shaved off!
We will not be going back.
That was the worst trim he has ever received (and we have tried a few different places).
The search for a good dog grooming service continues...

After having a very difficult time even being able to get my dog in for a hair cut the owner was very prompt in addressing the situation.
He was very helpful and made sure that I was able to come in.
After going for a couple doggie haircuts and boarding one of our dogs, my opinion of the place has done a 360.
My dog Ellie got great haircuts and got to hang out with the little dogs when she was done.
We decided to try boarding our jack russel puppy for a weekend, but were worried because he was a rescue dog and is very afraid of people he doesn't know, he won't let them touch him or come close.
We had to take him back into the little dog section when we dropped him off, but by the time we went to pick him up, he was letting the staff pick him up and pet him.
They worked very well with him and we love their service.

I brought my dog here because the other place I used to take her to has continued to raise their prices.
I used the yelp deal and also received a discount for boarding her for 5 days.
It seems clean and well supervised.
The only thing missing was customer service.
The service wasn't bad, but it wasn't nearly as friendly and knowledgeable as the other doggie day care I used to take her to.
However, she came back tired, happy, and injury free so I'd probably take her back here.

We've been utilizing this company for awhile now and they are top notch!
We always feel like our dogs are safe and well taken care of!
Our dog Max even has to take meds for his seizures and they take great care of him,  Thank you Chandler Dogs!!

If I could choose no stars or negative stars I would.
I purchased there Groupon deal to try this place because my friend recommended them saying they were great and since I have 2 dogs it was a good deal.
Well I made an appointment for Sunday they call at 915am on Sunday when my appointment was 10am saying their groomer called in, which was inconvenient but was rescheduled for Monday at 9 so it was okay.
When I called to make the appointment I talked to the guy for about 10min about my dogs, gave him their breed, age, said they weren't spayed or neutered & also weren't other dog friendly.
He said he would try it out to see how she acted around the other dogs & if it didn't work he would just be put her in a kennel after grooming until I picked her up.
I show up at 9am Monday morning drove 25min from my house to get there & when I arrive its a woman working who asks a few questions and I tell her everything I did to the guy while making the appointment.
She then has another guy come out to say they have no kennels (which I made an appointment) so I should come first or at least have been told to schedule for another time.
But then starts saying since she's not fixed she can't be there anyway and then goes into talking about her temperament.
Then asked if I was going to breed her & it would be in my best interest to breed her soon & get her fixed because she will cause problems in the future.
Which thanks for the advice but if you can't groom my dogs which is the service I came for why are you lecturing me about my pets & I've had my share of animals I don't need your input on MY pets.
Very unprofessional and should really get all their staff on the same page.
Even if my dogs were spayed/neutered I would never take them there after that interaction or recommend them to anyone.

After searching for friends and family to take care of our 2 Aussie for 2 weeks, I finally broke down and decided to have them boarded.
I found Chandler Dogs on Yelp and read the reviews and decided to give them a call.
I spoke to Carlos and Joe who were very nice and informative.
They told me it would be best to bring my 2 down for the day to see how they get along with all the others in house.
I thought that was a great idea so I did.
After a full, free, day of daycare I went back and picked them up and was told they did great.
So I decided to book them for 2 weeks while I was on vacation.
My dogs were so well taken care of and I received updates every couple of days.
I highly recommend you consider Chandler Dogs 24/7 if you are heading out of town.
Well done!

I've been taking my 8 month old puppy to Chandler dogs for the Training Class that I purchased on Groupon.
I'm so happy with the experience.
Carlos is the trainer and he has a real love for the animals, and is a passionate trainer.
There is no doubt in my mind that he has my dogs best interest at heart.
I know this because he has reiterated to our entire class that if our dogs still need work after the 8 week program, he will continue to help us.
Also, I love that there are other dogs in the class, because I can see all of them learning from each other and bonding.
I'm very happy with the service.
Thank you!

We used Chandler dogs for training services.
Classes were small (2-3) dogs and very personal.
The trainer Carlos (manager) is probably one of the most passionate person about dogs that I've ever met.
I bought the training through Groupon so we got a great deal for 8 classes.
Our little dog Zander did great and learned what we wanted him to learn.
Some of the other dogs seemed to learn a little slower, but the trainer insisted that he would continue training the dogs for free until everyone was satisfied.
I don't think I've ever seen this level if commitment from a company.
I feel like I've learned just as much as my dog Zander.
We are much closer now and I feel empowered to push him to continue learning.
This facility also houses dogs as a service.
I have not used this service yet, but from what I have seen over the last 8 weeks, it appears that it is well staffed and all animals are well cared for.

I absolutely love this place.
After much anxiety and researching I decided to bring my 2 Jack Russell Terriers to Chandler Dogs for daycare.
They get so excited to go there and they have a great time.
The people there are so nice and professional.
Previous to me taking them there I had never boarded them or left them under anyone else's care.
I feel completely comfortable when I drop them off.
I know they're in great hands.
Everyone there is great but they especially love Carlos, Erica & Joe.
I don't know what I would do without Chandler Dogs 24/7.
I highly recommend this place!
:-)

We had such a great experience with this place!!
This review is for dog boarding only.
We were looking for a dog boarder to keep our 7 year old shih tzu mix for a week during the holidays.
We had a two week trip planned of which my friend had graciously volunteered to keep the dog for the first week.
We looked up Chandler dogs 24/7 because LivingSocial had a half off deal going on.
Most dog boarders have kennels or "suites" where the dog is kept for most of the day and taken out for walks/play time two to three times a day.
Our dog being a shelter dog, I was afraid that she might go through the experience of having been abandoned again.
When we went to check out Chandler dogs 24/7 I was delighted to see a play area style boarding for the dogs where the dogs are put in a common area according to their to size and weight and they get to  socialize and be with the dogs during the full length of their stay.
We were also informed that there was 24 hour monitoring through the cameras.
The place was very clean and all the dogs seemed totally at ease.
While we were away and the dog was at my friend's place during the first week, she decided she wanted to keep the dog for three more days.
I was afraid that we wouldn't get a refund since we had already made the payment in full and informed of the dog's arrival on that date.
However we were graciously refunded the amount for the days the dog wasn't with them.
My dog was also returned with a cute Christmas stocking with her name and stuffed with a lot of chew toys :) what a nice touch!
Thank you Chandler dogs 24/7 for making my dog's holiday equally fun.

I'm very happy with Chandler dogs 24/7.
They are so helpful and nice... And always open!
My dog takes the shuttle from my work there and then back again when I'm done working.
It couldn't be any easier.
My dog loves it too.
She always looks like this after a day at chandler dogs, and she's ultra high energy!

I can now say that Chandler Dogs rocks just like its "mother" kennel, Gilbert Dogs.
My Jack Russell Terrier has been going to Gilbert Dogs since late 2010.
And he LOVES going!
I just realized that Chandler Dogs is located just about 2 miles from my office, so I took Schooner there today to try it out.
The most awesome part was hearing about how the Pack Leaders (aka employees) reconnected with Schooner.
I guess Schooner was just beside himself with glee to see his old pals.
Personally, I like the outdoor area at Chandler Dogs where the dogs can get out in the sun when it's not too hot.
Gilbert Dogs does have an outdoor area, but it is a covered area surrounded by a block wall, so the dogs can't just lie in the sun and watch the world go by like they can at Chandler Dogs...not that a Jack Russell Terrier would lie around for long, but Schooner does enjoy his naps in the sun.
Thanks Chandler Dogs for the awesome place for Schooner to play while I work!

Slider was all kinds of worn out after his stay

I am so glad we found a place that I feel safe and secure leaving my dogs while we're out of town!
We've used their daycare and overnight services at least ten times now for our five year old lab and two year old hound, and it's been a breeze each time.
Our dogs come home happy and tired, and I love seeing the videos that they share on their Facebook page showing me how much fun my dogs really had.
We've had them groomed there once after a stay and they were fresh and clean with nails trimmed.
They are also pretty stringent on vaccines, so I don't worry about my dogs picking anything up while they're there.
The employees are kind, personal and big animal lovers - I don't have to pay extra for someone to play with my dog here, they're in there all the time.
I also like their amazing flexibility - I can drop off and pick up whenever is convenient for me, whether it's 9 am or 11 pm, the 24/7 service is fantastic.
If you're looking for a deal, check the Amazon Local deals.
The current one is buy a night of boarding and get a night free.
The amazon local deals allow existing customers to use them, which has been an issue with groupons and similar deals.

I purchased a boarding Groupon for my Pom Rocky when I took a recent trip.
The staff was extremely friendly, and the drop off and pick up process was a breeze.
I called in daily to get updates and appreciated all the pics and videos on Facebook to put my mind at ease that he was having a great time @ Chandler 24/7, he came back home freshly washed, happy and wore out from 5 days of fun.
I would highly recommend them and will be bringing Rocky back when I travel again and he needs a great doggie vacay!

I don't know how people give this place 5 stars...
I went to take a tour before I bought the groupon and was overwhelmed by the smell of urine!
They also wouldn't let me see any of the facility except the very first part of the "playroom".
Red flag!
If you want your dog to forget all it's potty training and inhale ammonia all day this is the place for you!

I can't praise Chandler Dogs enough for what they do.
This place is awesome.
My dog Mari absolutely loves it there.
In fact, we can be a few minutes away and she will begin whining with excitement in the car because she knows where she is going.
The staff is wonderful and seem to genuinely love being there.
They love on Mari as if she were their own.
We were nervous at first that they would not take our pit mix because she has a tendency to be a little overly aggressive when she plays, but after the 4 hour trial period they said she did great and all she needs is to get that energy out.
They have a cage free policy which I LOVE and they arrange the dogs by size.
our dog used to go to another location for boarding and when we asked how she did during multiple 1 hour playtimes during the day, they replied by saying that they couldn't let Mari play with the rest of the pack because they couldn't handle her and she just remained in her cage.
I nearly died... 3 days my poor dog stayed alone in her little prison and probably only got 1-2 15 minute walks during the day, if that.
Chandler dogs would NEVER DO THAT!
(Thanks Chandler Dogs)  Be prepare to have your pup possible covered in a little drool and smelling a little, but the benefits heavily outweigh the negative.
Just don't send them to the spa first before day care/boarding.
However they do offer bathing services as well.
PLEASE GO CHECK THEM OUT!

