I often go to Tuscany and noticed that they didn't have anywhere comfortable to watch any of the games until I found the Piazza Lounge in the lobby area.
They have bar stools and regular chairs and tables.
I nice bar area with what looked like a stocked bar.
I was here on a Thursday night enjoying the football and basketball games on the big projection screen and flat TVs at the bar.
A pretty good band the Corro-VanSuch who plays nightly from 8pm to midnight was playing good baby making music LOL.
There were playing the jams.
I was there for over an hour and everything was good until the cocktail girl placed a two drink minimum sign on my table.
She didn't even say anything.
Really !?
Anyways I sat there until the football game and song finished and bounced.
The band was really good and I was gonna stay just to support them and was just thinking about coming here more often, place was empty, but because the way the girl acted I felt dissed.
I understand that you need me to spend money to get money but if I was there for over an hour and no one said anything I would figure it's OK for me to be there just.
Say something at least, where's the customer service.
Before I left I did notice that they had a HH for half off appetizers which seems decent, still debating if I'll try be back again or just go back to the casino bar and stand while I watch the games.
If your looking for free Wi-fi they have that via the lobby area.

Located at the main hotel entrance of the Tuscany hotel and casino.
Inexpensive beers and cocktails and a nonsmoking lounge.
Happy hour from 5p-7pm except on Monday night football.
Live music nightly and a small dance floor.

Great band plays jazz & all the oldies.
There are a few regulars that frequent the place.

Fairly reasonably priced cocktails, though the quality of the drinks varied highly depending on the bartender.
We ordered a few drinks when lounging at the pool and they were terrible and seemingly prepared with zero booze.
A single cocktail waitress in the busy pool area and in the evening when the band was playing was insufficient.
The band, however, was great - kitsch plus talent... loved watching the older couples dancing :)

I go on Tuesday nights to dance.
The Corro Van Such band plays every Tues and there is no place to be for dancing swing, latin, rumba, nightclub and more!
The band starts at nine and finishes at one.
Drinks are reasonable.
Lots of parking.

