Yeah, another brand new buffet!
:-))  The proprietor here is the fellow who formerly owned the excellent (then & now) China City Super Buffet over on Power Rd.
& also the stellar Zen/Jen Buffet over at 700 W Warner Rd.
which lost it's maximum wonderfulness when he sold out & the new owners changed things.
(DON'T FIX IT IF IT AIN'T BROKE!
)  ANYHOW, this China City opened this morning for the first time, & I darted in through the front door, accompanied by Arlin B.
& Robyn N., to give it a try.
We were treated to 130 food items, plus sauces & dressings, & things went pretty smoothly for a first hour in business.
I liked the taste of most of the food I tried, & some things were particularly good, including the Chinese Snow Peas with Baby Scallops, delicious Egg Foo Young, & the Bacon Wrapped Shrimp!
Of course there were also many of the tasty treats that we usually see at a Chinese Buffet this size, including Sushi & a Mongolian BBQ.
Everything seemed to be cooked right, & most of the temperatures were where they belonged.
(This is a first hour ever in business, remember.
)  The Hot & Sour Soup was very spicy with pepper, & I didn't think it was up to par with the best around, & the Sushi was ok but not as good as that at the (also new) China City Super Buffet over in Surprise that Arlin & I tried when it opened.
For me, the final judgement in comparing this place to some nearby competitors is that it's better than Volcano Buffet, about even with the new Crazy Buffet on Stapley & some of the others, nipping at the other nearby China City, but not quite up to the incredible utopianosity of Pacific Seafood Buffet over on Alma School.
:-))  With all this said, I expect to return here & think they're off to an excellent start in this VERY competitive business arena!
:-))  Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $7.99/$7.19 Sr.

My sister and I have brought my son here with us a couple of times now.
The place is smaller than most buffets, but that is really the only bad thing I have to say about it since I like feeling a little more spaced out personally.
The food is warm to hot, depending on the dish.
The sushi bar they have set up has more options than I typically see in these sort of buffets, and my sister is always diving for it.
The food tastes fresh and flavorful.
The place is clean, which is another big plus.
I would recommend that others give it a shot.

First time here was a ok experience.
Tried the lunch buffet for $7.99 and kids are $3.99 drinks are extra.
Went straight to sushi bar and it was not special.
We took all the spicy tuna and it took a long time before they made more.
There was no one at the sushi counter.
A lot for snow birds type hardly any Asians other then workers.
(You know what I mean)  They had the basic Chinese food stuff.
What I like was the bacon wrap shrimp, orange chicken, sesame chicken and the spicy/ sour soup was actually good.
I will stick to my usual Asian buffet place..

I had been here before when it was Great China so I headed there because I was hungry for Chinese.
I saw the new name and wondered if the food was the same - it was better!
Very clean and lots of choices that were hot and fresh.
Keep it up :)

Won't be a "next time"!
My son and I went today (Sunday).
They were just opening up.
We had time so the half an hour wait for the soup to even be set out wasn't too annoying.
Gradually (another 15 or 20 minutes) the rest of the food appeared.
Mediocre food at best.
We have eaten at MANY Chinese buffets and this one was NOT worth the $30.
This for just two buffets (we had water to drink).
Might as well just hit the food court at the mall.

Enjoyed this place 4 Stars worth on Grand Opening day nearly a year and a half ago, but it's taken me a while to get back over here as it's a 26-mile drive each way.
Today the food choices were somewhat the same as they are on Day One, except that they were down to 108 items this time (plus sauces & dressings) from 130 at the start.
There were some things to praise about the place today, such as lots of shrimp dishes including Stuffed Shrimp, Bacon Wrapped Shrimp, Salt & Pepper Shrimp and Ceviché, and for dessert there were four kinds of real ice cream, chilled to the right temperature (not so cold that you can't scoop it!).
The problems today that cost them two stars were these:  *  A lot of the food that should have been hot was either lukewarm, or worse, room temperature.
NOT OK!
:-O  *  There was a nasty smell in the place.
Not all over, but I picked up a whiff of it here and there in the serving area.
The Men's room had an odor about it too, although it looked clean.
(No, it wasn't Pine Sol, although I think that stinks too!
)  Whatever these smells are, they need to find them & get rid of them!
:-O  *  They have a little Sushi & also a Mongolian style BBQ with 4 meats, but neither were anywhere near as good as what I have just had (twice in the last few days) over at the new China Olive in Sun City, for example.
Sorry, it's only 2 Stars this time.
:-|  Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $7.99/$7.19 Sr.

12.49 for Memorial day buffet.
Charging customers weekend prices on a holiday.
The service was lousy.
Trays weren't refilled on the buffet and there were tons of empty ones as well.
All I can say is good thing you can't mess up crab legs too bad or I would have been more pissed about my visit.
Also there were leaky pipes spilling water onto one of the sneeze guards.
Idk how the place keeps its doors open.
WILL NEVER RETURN.
BEWARE OF THIS PLACE.

= = = = = =  CLOSED!
= = = = = =  I was priviledged to be the first customer at this place back on Nov. 16, '11 & it started out an excellent 4 Stars.
By last May they had gotten sloppy with running the place, not keeping the hot food up to temperature and allowing nasty smells to waft in both the men's bathroom and in the dining room.
To quote Ted "Subhuman Mongrel" Nugent:  "So sad, so sad!
"     :-O

