The "Home Depot" of Beer, Wine and Soda making, stop by and see Rachel and Gary for all your beverage making needs.....ALOHA!!!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(101/365) "Wicked Brew"

Came here just to check it out but ended up purchasing my first soda making kit and my husband got the beer kit.
This is a daughter and dad opperation and there personable and knowledgeable aproach is felt as soon as you walk in.

Don't waste your time or your money!!
They're prices are double or triple what Vegas homebrew charges.
The lady there don't know anything about brewing beer either.

Great selection for home brewing.
Very nice chick that runs it.

this place is the best in town!
if they dont have it they will order it, always checking to see if people want special orders.
Did a bulk grain order and really cant say a negative thing about it!
thanks u bottle it for everything!
cant wait for the new spot to open

Great family owned business.
Prices are a bit more expensive than online, but after shipping its about the same.
I always do a last minute run to here when I need a piece of brewing equipment or needs some yeast.
They have a lot of ingredients to brew any type of beer.
They also carry supplies and kits for making wine.
Great customer service, always helpful, and always friendly.

Great place to stock up on beer brewing supplies and take a newbie wine or beer class!

This is a great homebrew store.
Period.
They have always had everything I was looking for, equipment or ingredients.
They have a vast and easy to use bulk grain section and more hops than I have seen at any other homebrew store I've ever been to.
There was a time I couldn't find a type of grain I was looking for and Heather ordered it for me in their next order.
They really care about their customers and I am happy to support this family owned business for all of my beer making needs.

I was afraid of making wine on my own.
I am a klutz & burn water when boiling it.
My cooking can sometimes scare small children and husbands.
How on earth could winemaking/ beer brewing even be something that would interest me?
I had no idea until I stepped foot inside of U Bottle It.
I was instantly impressed.
It's family owned.
Proud owners.
Nice service.
The beer/wine making classes are perfect for those who want to get started, and these really helped me get comfortable and confident that I could do this.
In fact -  I am on my second batch right now!
And - the wine is GOOD.
I wish they taught cooking classes, too!

Best homebrew store in town.
Heather and Gary are really nice and very knowledgeable about all things home brewing.
They love when you bring in tasters of you hone brew creations :)

The BF and I were on a mission for hops.
He's doing a reddit "bomb" and the person who he was gifting was big into homebrewing.
The girl helping us was really helpful with talking about the hops and breaking the flavor profiles, answering our questions.
We decided to get a few packets of hops to send along with cigars.
While we were here for a gift, it sparked our interest that perhaps we should actually use the homebrewing equipment we have.
We have so many interests and somehow this was one thing that got put aside for another project.
If you don't want to learn to brew on your own, they offer classes here for beer or wine.
It's a $60 class where you make the beer one session, then come back when it's ready to bottle it.
The one cool thing is that it's not $60 each person, this is $60 for each brew class.
So if you want to brew a batch with a few friends, you're welcome to have up to 4 or 5 people.
They start you off easier with using a extract as the main for your brew and you can add a bit of flavoring, hops, etc than have to cook the grains and brew from a mash.
Of course if you want to grab equipment and try your hand at home, they would walk you through it.
I told her we have gear and she said we're more than welcome to bring it all in and have her explain what to do with each item and guide us through the ingredients we need for a batch.
Pretty solid brew store.
It's neatly laid out, they have a good supply of hops, yeasts, and bulk bins and packages of grains and flavorings as well as items for wine making and soda as well.
The customer service was really friendly and thorough with information.
Apparently it's a father daughter team at the store and I assume the girl helping us was the daughter.
We will be back.
Whether it's coming for the class or for ingredients, I should definitely use our brew gear and try our hand at it.

