Ive only been here twice as I do everything online but both times I was treated with two different and Very nice customer service reps.
Both handled me with care and class and I was very impressed.

My first impression of this field office for Cox is pretty strong.
My ancient Linksys WCG-model Cable Modem + Wireless Router was about eight years old, and finally went Tango Uniform (erm...that is...it died).
I showed up at this outlet about 5:45pm, and they closed at 6pm.
There were five people in front of me.
You walk in and you have to "register" your name on the kiosk right next to the door, which helps keep customers served in the order they present.
And there is this big screen television (like, *BIG*...screen Television... bigger than I could even imagine putting in my home...) that the group of us gather around waiting for our turn.
This guy that works there, his name is Art.
He's sharp and fast.
He served four of the five people that were waiting in front of me... in ten minutes.
My name was called, and I explained to Art all I needed was a modem.
Nothing fancy.
I already bought another wireless router, I just needed the modem.
Art had me out the door in less than ten minutes.
The modem was already registered on the network when I got home.
I connected the modem straight away, it "green'd up", and within a couple minutes I was good to go.
Successful customer service is hard to find in Las Vegas.
I found successful customer service in this field office, thanks to Art.
Because, you see, I wouldn't have the ability to write this review otherwise...

I came into the store just so I could drop off my cable box.
As soon as I walked in, an associate approached me to see what she could help me with.
I just told her I had to return THIS and she took it and we walked over to a kiosk.
She said Jenny?
YUP.
That's me!
Printed me a receipt and BOOM, I was done!
In and Out.
Perfect.

For over a week I have been trying to get internet started, I go here, everyone is nice and relaxed, and I am given a modem, and told that my internet would work as soon as I got home...   NO... Four days later, over three hours on the phone with Cox, I still don't have internet.
Tech support tells me to contact the store, as they did everything they could do, and the lady didn't know what she was talking about and transferred me BACK to tech support!!!!!
Believe me, I will go out of my way to go to another Cox store, one where they know how to do their job... Oh, and the modem didn't work... Go figure...

This review is for Cox service not this store.
I have had Cox for 6 months and my bill rate went from $87.28 a month to $132.81.
When I called to find out why my bill jumped up so much I was told its because I don't have a land line and I was in a promotion.
If I added a land line my bill would drop too $122 a month.
What?
I need to add a service I don't need and it will save me $10 a month?!?
I guess Cox forgot they have competitors I just ordered Dish Network and my new rate is $89 a month and I get more movie channels than I currently have.
Good bye Cox, you just lost one more customer.

Let's be honest here -- nobody likes having to go to the cable company.
You are either returning equipment, paying a bill, or resolving some issue that is driving you batty.
In Vegas, we used to have to go out to that super scary Cox out in North Las Vegas.
It was worse than the DMV and reminded me of a Greyhound bus station.
Luckily we now have this Cox location in the Southwest.
It's new, gleaming and very comfortable.
They have a soft booth area with a t.v.
to watch as well as plenty of seating and phones you can play with while you wait.
Go in, enter your name on the computer, and wait for them to call you.
The employees here have always been friendly, helpful and knowledgeable (yeah, I just said that and I'm telling you the truth)!
Unbelievable, I know.
I have had to go here 3 times in the last couple of months and I've never had a bad experience and I haven't had to wait more than 15 to 20 minutes.
If you have to go to Cox, it's worth the drive to go to this location.
Plus there's an In-N-Out Burger next door so you can grab lunch!

Not much to be said here, they suck.
If you use them, you know they suck.
They're rude, supply poor, antiquated services and get away with it because of the lack of competition.
I'm guessing it will take a while before we get anything like Google Fiber in Las Vegas, but hopefully Google does to them on Internet service what DirecTV did on TV, show them how to treat customers.

Dependable service.
Decent speeds available.
But high price for higher speeds which are most needed.
When compared to many other countries and their pricing, the US has slowest internet and higher prices.

Store told me one thing and Cox told me another.
They really don't know much about customer service.
I have had all kind of issues.
Internet, TV and then I find out the whole thing would of been cheaper if I got a phone and bundled.
Of course that means I have to buy a phone.
What a monopoly.
Satellite here I come.
Stay away from COX in Las Vegas people, it worse than playing the slots.

Worst wait ever.
Longer wait than a doctor's office just to return some equipment.
This store needs to hire more people.

Horrible service.
Stood in line forever while employees hid in the back.
Directv here I come!!

