Steve did an incredible job cleaning the carpet in my living room and master bedroom.
I was so pleased with the results that I had him do the remaining two bedrooms and a rug in the family room.
He is highly professional, honest and, more importantly, takes great pride in his work.
I'm having him back to clean my tile shortly!

Best carpet cleaner I've ever had!
He made my carpet look just like new and the prices were amazing.
Thanks Steve!

Recently I moved out of my place and my carpet was in pretty bad condition.
I got my carpet cleaned and they did a really good job.
I was scared because I thought my landlord was going to charge me for the damage I did to my carpets but I ended up getting my deposit back and was really stoked.
Thank you guys so much!

Steve is awesome!!
There are so many "deals" out there on Groupon, Living Social, etc for carpet cleaning, but what they forget to mention is all the add-in's you need.
You think you are getting a good deal, but in the long run you aren't.
Steve is the best out there and you won't have to worry about him trying to sell you anything.
It's upfront, honest, reliable, on-time and does an outstanding job.
I have now used him 2 times and this time I had him clean my couches.
Everything just smells and looks amazing.
I highly recommend Carpet MD for your carpet needs!

Hands down the best carpet service I have used.
Steve was on time, did phenomenal job and gave great  pointers on keeping the carpet clean.
As long as I live in the Phx area, Carpet MD will be cleaning my carpets!
THANKS, STEVE!

This service was great!
I left a message and Steve called right back and made the appointment, he called a few days before to confirm and then again to let me know he was on the way.
He showed up right on time and did a great job.
My carpets look beautiful again and he explained everything before he started which I liked.
The price was exactly what he quoted (no tricky up-charges) and he even killed a scorpion that was on my carpet!
Would definitely recommend Steve and Carpet MD!

