Standard Premier Inn stuff, bed fine, TV fine, shower fine, no complaints for a one night stay.
Improved by the proximity of The Brauhaus (qv).
Close enough to the centre of the city for easy access, a bit too far to walk from the airport bus route if you have many bags.
I suspect the restaurant will be OK, but why would eat in a hotel restaurant in central Edinburgh?

ein klassisches Ketten-Hotel, dessen Zimmertüren alle krachend ins Schloss fallen.
Die Zimmer sind OK, die Wände dazwischen kaum vorhanden und kein Fenster läßt sich wirklich öffnen.
Aus Sicherheitsgründen - und das wird auch täglich kontrolliert.
Wenn das Hotel voll ist, kann man das Frühstück ganz vergessen: Chaos im Restaurant, kein Platz frei, weinende Kinder, sich lauthals beschwerende Väter, hilfloses Personal.
Aber auch wenn nur wenige Gäste kommen, dauert die Bestellung eines englischen Früstücks gut 15 min.
Und was dann kommt ist blass, weich und geschmackslos.
Der Rest des Personals ist damit beschäftigt, täglich neue Varianten des Fahrstuhl kaputt-Zettels zu dichten und in den Stockwerken zu verteilen.
Ununterbrochen, Tag und Nacht, schreckliche Musik aus der Foyerdecke

Well located for exploring central Edinburgh on foot.
This is the third Premier Inn I have stayed at (the others are in Durham UK) and they have all been very similar.
Rooms are basic, clean and modern.
Staff are very positive, competent and helpful.
The restaurants are considerably above average for a mid-priced chain hotel, with imaginative menus and people in the kitchen who clearly know what they are doing.
The breakfasts included with our rooms were excellent.
Wifi is extra.
Overall a very good experience, particularly at these price levels.

Stayed here for 4 days on the end of our 2 week Europe trip.
Perfect location to walk anywhere.
Lots of great restaurants.
The real highlight was one of the front desk staff.
His name was Will.
I adore him.
I went shopping for new boots, which are fabulous, and when I told him what I was going out to buy he asked me to come show him when I got back.
He was adorable and very helpful when I asked where I should go shopping.
He drew me a map and told me cool stores to visit.
Everyone at premier were super nice and helpful and their buffet breakfast was awesome too.
Much love from Canada!

