I can highly recommend First Serve Realty and specifically Fadra.
We relocated from California to Las Vegas and they worked diligently finding us a home (not one they managed) and then went WAY above and beyond assisting us with items that were clearly not typical in this type of a transaction.
I'm not an easy person to deal with and we are "picky" people, First Serve hung in there with us and gave us great counsel on this transaction.
When our lease term is up we will be using First Serve on our purchase transaction.
Great experience, highly recommend.

Early in 2012, I purchased a house in the Las Vegas area.
Not ready to relocate to Las Vegas, I decided to use the house as a rental property.
My realtor provided me with a list of several property management firms and one of my calls was to First Serve Realty.
I spoke with Fadra Kyle and explained that renting the house using a property manager was something new for me and I wanted to give it a try.
Fadra walked me through each step of the process and very soon there were tenants in the house!
Fadra and the staff at First Serve have handled all the tenant requests, giving me peace of mind that the house has quality tenants and is being well taken care of.
I highly recommend First Serve Realty.
They have given me the comfort of knowing that my investment is as important to them as it is me!

Everyone at first serve realty is fantastic..
Being a first time renter.
Fadra and her team  always manage every situation that comes up unexpectedly.
Allowing me piece of mind that the house is being well managed.

I called First Serve in a bind, I was moving and my original plan for my rental fell through and needed help fast.
Called Fadra at about 2pm and she set me up with an appointment the next day at 9am.
I thought she would just come by to see the house and chat.
She came PREPARED with market analysis and a contract.
She went through everything, answered all my questions, and was just friendly in general.
Turns out my original plan worked out and I didn't require First Serve Property Management, BUT if I ever do in the future, they will be my FIRST and ONLY phone call.

Looking for a property manager?
I recommend Fadra Kyle from First Serve Realty.
We were moving out of the country, and needed a professional, reliable property manager for our house.
Fadra secured excellent tenants for our house, and has managed the small repairs without any hassle to us.
At the six month mark, she completed a thorough inspection of the property with photo documentation.
First Serve Realty also has an online section for rental owners, which makes tracking financials easy.
Having a property manager we can trust has been invaluable, especially considering our distance.

First Serve Realty has done an EXCELLENT job of managing our condo in Las Vegas for the past two years.
We have not had one management worry and have been given reliable and professional service from Fadra and her team.
I highly recommend First Serve for your property management needs!

First Serve Realty Rocks!
As first-time landlords, we were pretty anxious, so we hired First Serve Realty to manage our property and we're so glad we did!
Fadra Kyle & her team have been on top of everything.
Beginning with meeting at our property, taking photos, advertising for tenants, and providing us with a market analysis--everything was done in record timing and with total professionalism.
Also thrilled that the team interviewed & secured tenants in a timely fashion.
Along with keeping us posted on any minor repairs and the tenants' questions, the First Serve Realty team has always responded to our questions and concerns as new landlords in a timely and efficient manner.
As someone who likes to keep track of everything online, I have really appreciated the online service for property owners.
My husband & I would HIGHLY recommend Fadra Kyle & the First Serve Realty team for managing your properties because of  their exceptional customer service and excellent management of our property!

A friend of mine recommended Fadra to me when I wanted to buy my first home.
DH and I had discussed what we wanted in a home and communicated that w Fadra.
She came thru and showed us what we had asked for.
But I wasn't happy with any of it.
She then gave us some great advice and asked if she could show what was better suited for us.
We fell in love with the first home she recommended.
Everything went so smoothly from beginning to end.
She is not only friendly, she is amazing at her job and knows what her clients not only want but what they NEED.
It's almost time to buy our next house and when the time is right I will most definitely be giving her a call.

We were lucky enough to have Brian Kyle represent us on both the sale and purchase of homes recently in Summerlin.
We found a house matching our exact specifications with Brian doing a lot of leg work.
This was good because he didn't drag us to a lot of homes, only those matching our needs.
He quickly and efficiently negotiated a great deal, while at the same time listing our existing home.
Within the first 3 days we had multiple offers and were able to negotiate strong sale terms.
We couldn't be happier with the great representation by a great realtor who made the transactions easy and efficient .

