Café Gourmand is the latest acquisition of the area, I presume.
It's been here for the past 2 or 3 months.
It's a little café on Nicolson Street that offers a French menu, from breakfast to desserts, soup of the day, coffee and more.
One thing I love about the area (Newington) is its diversity, there's a bit of everything: Thai, Indian, Malaysian, Sudanese, Tex-Mex, Italian and now French.
This may be ambitious for a tiny café with a limited menu -among other established coffee places in the same block.
However, I can see the potential of this café and I do hope it becomes a serious contender in the area.
And to do so, it already has one essential thing: it's real food!
On top of that, it serves something different and, if that was not enough, it's French!
This coffee shop serves full breakfast ('til noon on weekdays and all day during the weekend), soups, sandwiches, hot sandwiches (like croque monsieur), crêpes and desserts and all sorts of beverages.
The menu apparently changes every week or so (I've been twice in the past 5 days, need to go back in a week or so).
In my two visits I've tried their onion soup, and potato, spinach and nutmeg soup.
And both were delicious!
I've had their spinach and mushroom crêpe and the popular croque monsieur.
Both really really good.
Must say that I could easily stick to crêpes (because I love them and there are several savoury and sweet options) but I went for the croque monsieur with the intention of basing my review on two different dishes.
There are also several options for dessert (croissants, cakes, muffins, all look quite tasty) but I've only had the macarons (pistachio and vanilla) and both were amazing!
One of the staff girls said they bring them from France, so there you go... great stuff!
I wish I could say more about its menu but as I said, I've only been twice.
Yet, I'm thinking of a good excuse to go back again and try something new.
I'm really looking forward to having breakfast here and, even though it's not good to have any expectations, I presume it'll be good.
Will see...
I can't give Café Gourmand the highest mark just because it's quite new and some things can still be improved (the atmosphere of the place, for instance).
Of course, this is totally comprehensible having opened quite recently.
Yet, it's clear to me that their real bet is on the food they serve and this already speaks for the people running the café and what truly matters, quality food.
Bonne chance and... bon appetit!

Nice little café in Newington where you can indulge yourself with savoury crêpes and really nice Macaroons from Paris.
Great coffee, too.
Nice staff that will greet you with an awesome French accent if you're lucky.
Haven't tried their breakfast yet, but I heard it's worth a try.

A crêpe café.
Something my local Edinburgh neighbourhood has been missing, and then as if by magic, voila - introducing Le Café Gourmand.
Don't let the slightly plain appearance throw you off.
This cute little café on Nicholson Street has something a little different about it -namely, crêpes.
As Gabriela V has said before me in her review, Nicholson Street really does spoil us Old Town'ers with its mixed bag of Indian, Thai, Tex-Mex, greasy spoons, antique tea shops...and now, French.
And oh what crêpes they are.
I stopped in here on a very driech Monday morning with a friend for breakfast.
Originally thinking just a nice old tea and scone would do the trick, when I saw the crêpe menu I had to spend a good 10 minutes not talking um'ing and ah'in over what to have.
The one that especially caught my eye, which I refrained from for breakfast, was chickpeas, spinach, cumin and other unusual ingredients.
Oh and the smoked haddock, bacon, grueyere one looked divine but a little too decadent.
So being the good girl that I am, I only went for bacon and maple syrup (saintly in comparison) whilst my friend had the banana, cinnamon and maple syrup.
And yup - those were some good crêpes.
Thick, freshly made, a good size and now I doubt I'm going to need to eat until dinner.
The coffee was really frickin' good too.
Good enough for me to make note of it here.
They also specialise in macaroons and had some delicious looking desserts like eclairs and other French fancies.
Again, the café itself is a little plain-Jane although really quite comfy and cosy.
I think it's a relatively new café and I'm delighted to see them doing so well.
I also discovered they have a check-in offer on the Yelp app after I checked in as I was leaving (take note, check-in on ARRIVAL) for 20% off a crêpe.
Which means I'm just going to have to go back and have either that chickpea and spinach bad boy, or at the very least nutella and strawberries.
Needs must eh?

macaroons at 1.20 each-a bit sweet but not bad!
Incredible After Eight mocha and decent milkshake.
The bacon & maple syrup crêpe was great and the croque madame sandwich was tasty as well

Seems to be a debate about whether this place is in Newington / Old Town - which is interesting ... to me it is clearly in the Southside area of Edinburgh which lies between Old Town and Newington!
However, as we all know with street changing name changing at least ten times between Princes St end and Cameon Toll end this is a complex one!
Leaving my pedantry aside totally agree with the glowing reviews below!
So nice to see a cafe trying something just a bit different from the soup, pannini, millionaires shortbread approach.
This site has happy vibes as it was where Jon at Kilimanjarro started out; however, the new layout totally works here and loved the very open plan kitchen and seeing the crepes being made.
Enjoyed my gruyere, mushroom, spinach and egg crepe - one suggestion ... maybe a small green salad on the side would enhance the savoury crepes as an optional extra.

hmmm - ended up here twice today (!
): first visit excellent flat white but STALE pan au raisin ... no excuses for serving yesterdays pastries in a 5* joint!
2nd visit slightly weak tea (one bad in a family sized pot!:?
) and normandy crepe where I felt the apples were slightly undercooked and not quite sweet enough.
this place is good enough that this should not be happening ...

This is definitely my favourite cafe in Edinburgh.
I have such a weakness for cute wee cafes but as a student it's often difficult to find somewhere nice that is also cheap enough for my low budget!
Le Café Gourmand has it all for me: the coffee is great, the food is amazing (you have try to try their crepes!
Nutella and banana is my personal favourite!
), the staff are friendly, and the place has such a great atmosphere.
I have often spent several hours there at the weekend or on my day off, getting uni work done and having a relaxing coffee and a crepe.
I could spend all day in there if I had the time!
The prices are very reasonable and what you get it well worth what you pay, and this is speaking as a student.
It can get quite busy, especially around lunchtime, so sometimes you may have to wait a wee bit but this is true of most busy city-centre cafes at lunchtime.
It has never been such a problem that it has affected my enjoyment of the place!
Overall, a brilliant wee place that I would recommend to anyone, just be aware of the busy rushes!

To celebrate having done my French oral exam this morning, I went for lunch at le café gourmand with two French friends.
I used to come here quite often, until I found out I couldn't eat gluten anymore.
Good news!
Now you can eat savoury galettes without worrying about tummy problems!
They are made of buckwheat, so there are no eggs or gluten, and they have a great texture.
I went for the middle eastern filling: chickpeas, spinach, butternut squash and feta.
It came with plenty of olive oil and I think a little tahini.
It was great not feeling like the odd one out, as the other two also opted for savoury crepes.
There wasn't much in the way of feta, but they were generous with the butternut squash, spinach and olive oil.
Everything tasted really fresh and I left satisfied.
I don't think they would go that sweet with the sweet fillings, so I skipped pudding!
I did get a naturally gluten free pistachio macaroon on the way out.
It was £1.20, but seriously worth it!
They make these over at Maxime, the salted caramel was also very tempting.
My friends got the sweet crepes, both went for nutella, banana and strawberries.
Le café gourmand also uses artisan coffee, which I know is fantastic, Food wise, they have some delicious looking cakes, soup, and croque-monsieurs.
With a student discount, it was pretty affordable.
This is a great place to come and brush up your language skills, as many of the the staff are French, there are occasional conversation classes, the wall is covered in paintings of Paris, and of course, there's French food!

Just decided to wonder into this place last year because my girlfriend wanted crepes and we've been regulars ever since.
The food and the service as well as the staff are amazing!
I reccomend the macroons (chocolate, passion fruit and mango YUMMMMM) ONE BAZILLION QUADRILLION STARS :P

Tried Cafe Gourmand out for the first time last week.
The coffee was excellent, the banana, maple syrup and cinnamon crepe I had was delicious and they had lots of lovely looking cakes on display.
My one personal niggle that prevents them getting 5 stars is the number of items on the menu that involve Nutella, which I really hate.

I was meant to be getting the train back to Glasgow around lunch time after working with Jenny L when she mentioned the words 'crepe' and 'gluten free'.
Upon hearing those magical words I decided to change my plans to stick around for lunch - crepes are one of my favourite things ever (as well as my patronus, but that is a whole different story which is really far too off topic to include in this review).
The place is pretty casual inside with small tables and it can feel a little cramped.
It's popular though, so they are trying to fit in as many people as possible.
I went for the Italian crepe as anything with Bolognese is a winner in my books.
We waited a little while for them to arrive as it looks like they only have two cooking stations and when it arrived I was excited to see the Bolognese on top of the crepe, with the ham and cheese inside the crepe.
Ohhh, heaven.
It lived up to all expectations and was really delicious.
I couldn't eat all mine but I had a large breakfast so I blame the Eggs Benedict.
Prices seemed reasonable, staff were friendly and they didn't mind that we hung out for a few hours while we got some more work done.
I'd definitely veer back here for crepe good times in the future.

The French have a reputation for romance... well, I've been swept off my feet.
Precious little macarons?
Don't mind if I do, madame!
Bacon and egg crepe?
If you insist, monsieur.
Free wifi?
Oh, oui, oui, OUI!
I've spent hours in here at a time.
It's the kind of place where they don't mind you sticking around for ages, despite the fact that it's reasonably popular.
A nice little stand in the corner has flyers for local events and groups.
The big glass front means it's always light inside.
And they do... (be still, my beating heart) ...white hot chocolate.
I cannot express to you sufficiently my love for white hot chocolate.
Then there's the crepes and galettes.
They are no meagre pancakes, mes amis.
They are good-sized folded discs of foodie joy.
The Algerienne is like an egg fantasy.
As if that weren't enough...
They have music playing all day, quietly enough to be background, and whoever is in charge of their playlist deserves a medal for services to my sanity.
It's really, really good music.
As I said, it's quiet enough to not be intrusive, but my goodness, when they play so many things I like the sound of, it's hard not to put down my cup and prick up my ears.
I could sit there like a caffeinated meerkat all day with a playlist like that.
Cafe Gourmand, je t'aime.

What a disappointment.
This place was recommended by friends and Yelpers alike, but I don't have a nice thing to say about it, so perhaps something has changed?
I had my usual eggs florentine, my french partner a 'complete' crepe.
My poached eggs were cooked to oblivion rather than having the runny yolks they should have, and the hollandaise sauce tasted suspect.
The crepe had the texture of cardboard (not made with good butter we think), the cheese was not melted, the eggs were overcooked again.
Added to all this, the coffee is awful, watery stuff.
The best I can say about this place is it's cheap.
But try it at your peril- there are so many nicer places around.

I've never really understood this place since it changes business regularly.
Right now it sells crepes, crepes and not much else.
Service was, sadly, terribly slow.
I waited about 20 minutes just to get a coffee.
I did order food, but after 30 minutes of waiting I decided to just pay for the coffee and leave as I was on a limited time scale.
Disappointing.
I would definitely not recommend it even when it's even slightly busy.

Oh, sure, sure, it's not without its flaws.
It's changed hands and they're not consistent on the service (I was sitting there for about ten minutes before someone toddled over my way, but to fair, I had my laptop open so I didn't really look like I was waiting).
Also, I have learned the hard way that their wifi just ain't friendly.
Luckily, I can hotspot from my phone with no problems, but others aren't so fortunate, I'm sure.
But in a way, I kind of have to give 'em points for bringing me the wrong drink, because I always, always have a "red fruits tea" when I'm in here, and this time, I asked for redbush.
The young lady taking my order (and payment at the end) got this bit right.
But the staff member responsible for making and bringing my drink brought me, not what I asked for, but the similar-sounding drink that I normally have.
Which is pretty cute actually, and not really grounds for feeling upset (especially since they're the same price, I think).
The croque madame has undergone a makeover.
It used to be simply bread, some ham, great melted cheese, and then the egg.
No longer - now it is two entire sandwiches, filled with cheesy white sauce, topped with melty melty cheese, sprinkled with chopped ham, and egged in finery with a fried egg done just right.
Side note: they now display their macarons on one of those confusing wizard-hat arrangements.
I do not understand the magic wizard's hat of macarons that appears to be so ubiquitous.
Why do they not lie flat?
Why are they thus inclined to the zenith?
Anyway, again I say - that PLAYLIST, dude.

Great cup of cafe americano and cappuccino.
Gourmande crepe with Nutella, bananas, strawberries and fresh cream was delicious.
Service was slow and choppy and tables and floor needed a good cleaning.
Free WiFi...
This place has potential, just needs to work out the kinks and I could see the star rating rising.

Service is slow but despite this 4*'s for my cheese and ham galette :-)  Gluten free galettes available in both sweet and savory options, they come as a decent size portion and are about £4-£5 so budget friendly.
Tasty, filling and with a decent amount of both ham and cheese but not too greasy, I wasn't disappointed.
Sure, it is a bit cramped inside and if you hit it over staff break time like we did, you'll have a bit of a wait which can be a bit frustrating considering crepes and galettes are super easy and quick to make.
So, I'll definitely return if I want a galette - they have really good options and it is easy to amend menu offerings if some combinations don't suit.
Not tried their coffee but the smoothie I had was good too :-)

