I just wrote a review for their Mesa "location" (guy working out of his apartment I think...if not, where's the published local address?
), here's what I shared from that "location":  This company is terrible!
They'll knock on your door without proper licensing, they are prolific at spamming email, they recently changed their name from APX Alarm to hide from their "F" rating on the BBB, they currently have a "C" rating (terrible),  they have faced government action from the states of Oregon, California, Arkansas and Louisiana (check it out on the BBB).
The only people that would ever buy from these guys are individuals on their door step that make a hasty decision and don't review companies.
Terrible organization.

This place really really sucks!
I am so sorry I have signed up for them.
They dispatched the police department 45 minutes after an alarm went off even though the alarm code was used to deactivate the alarm just because they were not able to reach anyone.
45 minutes later?
Really??????
And in the City of Phoenix, that costs $99.
They refuse to take any responsibility whatsoever.
They were suppose to send me a faub key which malfunctioned sending a panic alarm to my phone but not to their location.
It arrived late, it was sent back and now they are claiming they never received it.
I have filed several complaints with the BBB but seems they pay them good money so the BBB ends out closing the cases and takes the side of the company in doing so.
THIS COMPANY SUCKS!
STAY AWAY FROM THEM!!

A young man came to my door and told me he just wanted to "switch out my current sign" in my front yard (ADT) and that they were doing a special promotion where they would give away a free security system and pay for almost all of it if we just wouldn't tell anyone because, "you know, we're a business, we need to make money", but we would just be advertising for them.
Well it was all kinds of shady to me and I told my husband about it when he got home from work.
I went to yoga and when I got home they were installing it in our house!
They had totally fast talked my husband and were installing it in our house within 4 hours of my talking to him.
When I found out they were formerly APX alarms I immediately called and cancelled.
Conveniently for them, the process of canceling during the trial period is much more complicated.
When I talked to our same sales guy he said he didn't have the power to send someone over to uninstall everything because, after all, it was my house, and he couldn't tell them company when to come over, only I could do that.
But when it came to installing, he was able to call the company and tell them to come immediately and put it in!
So he told me it was as easy as sending in a form that I sign and date and then send it to the company, then call a few days later to set up a time to come and uninstall.
Keep in mind, there is a three day period where you are allowed to do this without having to pay for the entire system they installed "for free!".
All these calls to get it taken care of and now we're on day two.
So I'll be overnighting this envelope to get it there in time and hope it doesn't get conveniently lost or processed late so I have to pay for my system.
STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY!
I told him how and why this was a bogus company and told him that I will by from a company who tells me to research it and see how well their customer satisfaction is, rather than install it before I have a chance to find out via research how terrible it is and I'm already tied down.
He told me it was like test driving a car.
I told him that was a terrible analogy and that it was as if they dropped off a Porsche to your front door and said to test it out, but if you don't like it you have to drive it to Alaska to return it.
Worst analogy ever!
WORST COMPANY I've ever dealt with.

After taking our cc number, Vivent, did not show up for the installation as promised.
We went with a different solution.
We have been 3 months trying to get them to stop charging our card as the service was cancelled (before it was even installed).
They even replied to my prior 'yelp' ...
I have now had three different reps assure me that a refund has been posted, but no refund has ever been forthcoming.
On 'Yelp' they reply asking for the account phone number as IF they are going to handle the problem ... but it is just show ... nothing ever comes of it.
I have had only lies and promises from them.... no action of good faith.
They keep apologizing for my difficulties and keep charging my credit card as they are apologizing.
My advice:  Do not even start dealing with Vivent!
I have logged over 5 hours trying to get them to stop charging for something that never happened.
Don't even go there!

