Recently a few new restaurants have opened in Ocean Terminal; Pizza Express, Frankie and Benny's and The Handmade Burger Company.
The latter is actually at the end of the row and could easily be missed.
A month or so we visited the new Pizza Express, after this we glanced at the menu outside The Handmade Burger Company and were approached by a very friendly member of staff who was nice and chatty, even when he found out we had already eaten, and gave us a 2 for 1 voucher.
I later looked at the voucher and it had no expiry date and could be used any day of the week, so we decided to use it for lunch last Saturday.
When we went in, the staff were all very friendly, i couldn't fault them at all.
The menu was extensive, but as i am not a huge fan of burgers i decided upon a veggie option, the cheese veggie classic and my boyfriend had the hot habanero beef burger.
As i had never been before, i didn't realise that the way it works is just like Nandos, you order and pay for your food yourself up at the till.
However, the staff were still there if you needed them.
Our burgers were both very tasty and good value.
Make sure you are very hungry when you go, my burger consisted of two burgers in a bun.
My only issue would be the apple chutney that was also in the bun, this was just the filling from an apple strudel and far too sweet.
My boyfriend was also very happy with his burger.
Once finished we walked out and were wished a cheery goodbye from the staff.
Overall, i definitely recommend this restaurant.
It is very child friendly and good for a quick bite to eat.

Just been for a meal at ocean terminal and feel compelled to express my dismay.
I had read about Handmade Burger Co in Olive magazine (they named it one of the best burgers in the UK) and was looking forward to an above average meal, something a bit special even.
However the results were very disappointing.
My chicken was bland and tasteless.
The chips were far too wet inside; several of them had black patches.
The onion rings were slimy, undercooked and soggy inside.
The coleslaw was over salted and far too onion heavy.
The bun was poor quality.
On top of this my order was wrong.
I had selected to have the "Mexican Salsa" but with chicken rather than beef.
A simple order change I was reassured.
But when it arrived there was no avocado, which was one of the main toppings.
The beef burger itself was pretty good, but not enought to salvage a poor meal.
Over all the whole experience left a lot to be desired.
We will not be returning to Handmade Burger Co again, and I would advise you all avoid it as well!

We stumbled upon this place when we were on our way to one of the other restaurants in Ocean Terminal, and were drawn in by the extensive choices of burger toppings on the menu (as well as the fact we love burgers).
The staff made the biggest impression on me - all really chatty, helpful and polite (a big plus for me) and made sure we had the best seat to accommodate our toddler and sleepy baby in pram.
You choose what you want then go and order at a bar and pay straight away, so you can then just up and leave whenever you need to.
My husband went for the bacon, cheese and BBQ sauce option on a beef burger, which he practically inhaled (so I'm assuming he enjoyed it), and I tried the Stuffed Burger, which is described as 100% beef pattie stuffed with Wensleydale cheese... Mmmmm!
It was delicious and I would definitely order it again.
Of course it all started to leak out a bit and got my hands very messy, but what can you expect from a crumbly cheese stuffed burger?
It's probably not the best venue for a first date!
Thankfully for me, my children are far messier so my husband didn't appear to notice the state of me.
We ordered a portion of chips each and probably should have gone for one between the two of us, as the portions were huge!
They were very nice and were freshly cooked, but despite this I couldn't finish the portion.
I would definitely recommend this place if you want a good quality food fairly quickly, there is certainly a lot of choice on the menu and I'd love to go and try other toppings sometime.

I am not one who automatically assumes that restaurant chains are bad and firmly believe that everywhere deserves a try at least once, which is why I found myself in the Handmade burger company.
At first sight the appearance of the place is a modern clean establishment like you would find in most Pizza Express or Frankie & Bennys.
Personally I don't mind this when dealing with a chain.
There were plenty of tables and lots of staff but it still took a good five to ten minutes of standing at the door before we were seated.
But hey it's lunchtime on the holidays so I could let that go.
The staff were very polite and professional.
The menu was impressive with lots of variety and frankly mouthwatering choices!
I opted for the BBQ cheese and bacon burger with a side of peri-peri chips and a chocolate milkshake.
My partner ordered a sweet-chilli chicken burger, plain chips and a hazelnut milkshake.
I was surprised that orders were placed at the bar to be honest.
I know this is the style in Nandos but they have a slightly less formal feel to it.
Personally if a member of staff shows you to a table, gives you a menu, lists the specials and delivers your drinks and food to the table I would have expected that they would take the order at the table too but maybe I am just old fashioned!
I have to say the milkshakes were excellent, full of flavour but in my opinion lacking in quantity, I was expecting something bigger!
The burgers were very tasty, not too greasy and they arrived exactly as ordered.
I often find in restaurants that the burger is either greasy or has been partially cremated before being served.
This was as perfectly cooked a burger as I have ever had.
At this point you will be asking what is with the two stars right?
Well while this place was nice and the burgers are reasonably good I was expecting much more than reasonably good for a place which specialises in burgers and is not a McDonalds.
The chips were not very crunchy and just a bit soft and greasy.
To be honest I could not finish the peri-peri chips as it was like they had been dusted with pot-pourri.
Lots of aroma but no taste and got stuck in your teeth (not that I eat pot-pourri).
While the staff were attentive and polite they seemed to spend a long time running around with nothing in their hands while a sizeable queue developed at the door with some angry looking people.
Finally my last point would be the cost.
Two burgers, chips and milkshakes nearly broke the £30 mark which I found disappointing.
Ok wrapping this up now.
The burgers here are tasty but are not game changers.
The milkshakes are incredible and I would recommend them to anyone who is not lactose intolerant.
When weighing up the cost coupled with the quantity of food and service format I feel that I get more for my money from a Frankie & Bennys or Pizza Express.
Personally I don't think I will be returning sadly but every once in a while I may get a craving for a good milkshake!

Hopeless service, underwhelming burgers.
no thanks.

I've been here before and it was better then.
The burger was average go and nothing to be excited about.

One of my favorites burger resturants in Edinburgh!
I went there a couple of times and was never disappointed.
There are a lot of beef, chicken and lamb burgers to try.
Don't worry if you're a veggie, you will be able to enjoy a great burger too!
One portion of their homemade and tasty chips easily fills two people.
Drinks are a bit expensive and the choice of beers is really limited, but that's the only regret I may have.
The waiters have always been helpful and friendly and they have always been of great advice.
Not to forget the amazing view!
Ask to be seated near the windows if possible, although it might be a bit chilly for you, you will love it.

Best burgers I've ever had.
A wide selection of toppings.
Great home made chips and their onion rings are amazing!
Staff were friendly and helpful.
So far I've tried the lamb burger and the peppered beef.
Both were juicy and tasty, plus you can customise your toppings so it's just the way you like it.

One of the better burgers I've ever had outside of the USA.
It's located in a huge mall overlooking the port, so you can dismiss any hopes of legitimate Scottish culture, but the grass fed beef burger is fantastic.
I covered mine in BBQ sauce, closed my eyes, and pretended I was back in Justin Bieber's country of temporary residence.
My fellow Americans-- tip generously.
It's one of the few stereotypes about our people that we should encourage.

