Found this place in the same mall as the Lee Lee Asian Supermarket on Dobson St in Chandler, AZ.
They have a wonderful Chinese Reflexology foot massage just like the ones in China.
A nice man named David did a huge work over on my feet and I felt great afterwards!
First he soaks your feet in a tub of hot water while he massages your head, neck and shoulders, and then he does a great massage on your feet hitting all of your pressure points.
If your feet do not feel some pain, then he is not doing his job, but it is a good pain!
I only had time to do 30 minutes on my first visit.
Came back for my second visit and David was busy, so I had Linda.
This time I booked an hour.
She was good, but did not have the skill that David had.
She did not use as much pressure on my feet, nor did I feel she really hit all of my pressure points.
Since I did not speak the language, it was hard to communicate this to her.
I have reduced my rating from 5 to 4 stars after trying 1st Class Reflexology, which I feel is much better.

From the previous review I thought I was just getting a foot massage with a head, neck, and shoulder massage.
Instead I got a complete massage from head to toe.
Though it was one of the best massages I've ever had, she only spent about  5-10 out of 60 minutes on my feet.
I had just had a regular massage the day before and had aching feet from going out dancing the night before, so I was primarily there to get my feet worked on.
If she had even spent another 5 minutes on my feet it would have been a 5 star review.
Still it was an amazing massage and I left feeling totally relaxed and fairly blissful.
The recliner chairs are extremely comfortable.
She changed the back on the chair and had me flip over, the new back had a face hole in it like a regular massage table, but it was infinitely more comfortable than a standard massage table.
The dim lightly, pleasant decor, and soft music all added to putting me into a relaxed state.
Next time I'm going for the 90 minute massage so there's plenty of time for the feet and everything else.

My husband and I have been going to this place for a while.
Tony is always the best therapist for my husband.
I've had some of the excellent ones (Peter, David) but they are no longer there, so I have to go with a different therapist every time....
Anyway, this place gives great massage for a decent price.
Clean environment and friendly staff.
Btw, if you are a regular, they sell a batch of 10 sessions for $250, great deal!

I finally squeezed in a 90 minute session and it was heaven.
The only thing that gets me more relaxed than they do it acupuncture.
I still wish they'd spend a little more time on my feet for being a foot spa, but it's hard to com[plain considering the way I feel at the end of a session.
It would be nice though if they had a foot soaking bucket that could accommodate my extra large size 15 feet.

