Always hesitant about using a new hair stylist, I went to Deana at a friend's recommendation.
From the moment I sat down she made me feel comfortable, taking the time to listen to what I was looking for and what I like.
We discussed color and she was able to figure out exactly what I was looking for.
She applied it to my hair and we waited, I think that's probably the worst part, just sitting waiting, but I wasn't nervous - that was a good thing.
Hair was washed and included a scalp massage, so relaxing I could have stayed there all day!
Time to cut, we discussed length and style and as I watched her snip away I knew I was getting a great cut.
She took the time to blow dry and style and I couldn't have been happier with what she did.
However, the real test is doing it yourself at home.
After my first wash and blow dry myself I couldn't believe what a difference a good cut made.
I didn't realize how poorly my last stylist cut until I went to Deana.
Even after a couple of weeks my hair is still fabulous, I haven't had a bad hair day and that's surprising to me!!
Highly recommend Deana, so glad I listened to my friend and went to see her

Went to Deana Phelps for the first time today for a haircut.
She was great.
She listened to what I wanted and was very pleasant to work with.
I will go back again as she made me feel comfortable.
Love my hair !

Deana is a wonderful, talented, hair stylist who listens to her clients to make sure they have exactly what they want.
I would highly recommend her to everyone.

Deana is an awesome hair stylist!!
I have for years drove 3 hrs to have my hair done!!
She is flexible with her hours and fit me in last min I a Friday afternoon!!
Even as messed up and dry as my hair was she fixed it and made me look beautiful again!!
I would recommend her to anyone!!

Deana is a very knowledgeable and friendly stylist.
I booked a haircut, in which she was very nice and professional on the phone.
I told her that I didn't want to take too much off, and she was completely willing to do whatever I asked.
But with long bleached and dyed hair, she convinced me I needed a good trim.
She made suggestions about my bangs and dealing with my layers.
I knew it was going to be good from the weight and dryness she was taking off, but leaving the length.
It looks GREAT!
I love how she took so much time and pride in getting my short Bettie Page bang-line just right.
My hair looks great and is very healthy.
She is a good listener, but also and involved conversationalist.
She is kind and talented.
Fantastic prices and personalized service.
I highly recommend her.

My wife and I have been going to Deana for over a year now.
Deana is a true professional and an amazing hair stylist.
Her color technic is unbelievable and we always get a ton of compliments on our styles and especially color.
She listens to what her clients want and if its not what would look good on you, she would suggest what would look better.
She is also very detailed and always makes sure she is giving you the best service.
If you are looking for a young, hip, professional hair stylist, she is your girl.
We highly recommend her!

I have always avoided dying my hair brown because the 4 times that I did it always came out too dark, I looked washed out, or I simply just didn't like it.
I eventually just accepted the fact that I only looked good as a blonde.
However, I get bored easily and really wanted something different.
So I decided to give it a go one more time.
I found Deana on yelp and I would HIGHLY recommend her.
She has all the good qualities of a hair professional.
She listens to what you like, what you don't like, and asks questions.
2.She must have payed attention in beauty school because she is knowledgeable while having an artistic eye.
She is honest.
She is reasonably priced.
I will definitely be returning to Deana because not only am I completely satisfied with my hair but I am actually in love with the idea that I can finally feel good as a brunette.
I never thought it was possible!
Deana is exceptional!

Deana is a really good person but her work in my hair that day left me so upset.
I got a trim and highlights my appointment was at 6:45 and end it up leaving the salon at 11:30 and thats because i literally told her i had to leave because my kids were waiting at home, that is ridiculous!
I have super short hair and she took her SWEET TIME ALABAMA to do my hair, almost 5 hours and to not even like how she did my hair, unbelievable.
Im sorry but will not be visiting this salon ever again.

Deana is a gem.
Listened to exactly what I wanted.
Best haircut of my entire life.
Very pleased.

Very happy with my cut & color.
Many compliments.
Thank you.

Deana is an awesome stylist & color specialist!
I highly recommend her she's extremely pleasant, knowledgeable, and listens to the particular needs of her clients!
Loved the entire experience!

Deana is an amazing hair stylist!
I trust her with my hair completely-and that is hard to find.

I went to see Deana way back in November, but after reading some of the comments about the length of time of her appointments I wanted to finally share my experience.
I had planned on writing a review for months, but it slipped my mind until now.
When I went to see Deana I brought in about 10 pictures of celebrities who I look nothing alike.
I went in feeling kind of embarrassed because I've brought photos in to other stylists before and had them laugh at my expectations.
Deana was the exact opposite!
She was able to go through the photos and explain to me which ones she felt would work better than others, and why, and then together we decided which one to go off of.
I decided to go ombre with balyage highlights and she did an AMAZING job!
She used 2 different levels of lightener and 3 or 4 shades of brown so there are no harsh lines at all and it both gradually and noticeably gets lighter going down the strands, which is exactly what I wanted.
So yes, it took a long time, about 4 hours, but I am still getting tons of compliments on my hair!
It's almost unfortunate that she did such a great job, because it's April and I still haven't been back because as my hair grows out it looks even better.
She also gave me an amazing cut, she took awhile doing it and I was a little nervous that she may have been cutting too much since, but she cut off exactly what we had decided and was just being thorough.
In addition, she educated me more about how to bring my hair back to a healthier state, and after following what she said (which was very simple) my hair looks phenomenal, even if I just let it air dry, which it never did before I saw her.
I would HIGHLY recommend taking the time to go see Deana, the countless 5 star reviews say it all!

She is great and really knows stuff.
My haircut has always been perfect.
Color is just amazing !!!!
!She is just awesome and great prices..

Deana is not only an amazing hair stylist, but she is an all around awesome person.
She does great work & I feel very comfortable with her & trust that she knows what she is doing with my hair.
She takes the time to make sure she understands what you want done, & also offers helpful tips & advice of what she thinks would look best.
My hair always looks amazing when I leave, so I love scheduling an appointment before a fun event or party.
Deana is also a great person to chat with for a couple hours while you get your hair done.
She is awesome & I would highly recommend her!

Deana is awesome!!
She is so friendly and really listens to exactly what you what before deciding the right path to take to get your hair perfect!
I could tell she had my best interest in mind through the entire appointment.
Love the way my hair color turned out!!
Thanks again!
And I'll see you soon!

