Yestereday as we were debating what we wanted to do for lunch one of the managers of Happy's Pizza stopped in to drop off some menus and let us know they opened last week.
Their menu was impressive with the range of food, and the prices were extremely reasonable.
My growling stomach talked with a co-worker's empty stomach and we decided on: - Pizza Sub - Chicken Parmesan Sub - Cleveland Polish Boy Hot Dog - Mac n Cheese wedges - Chicken Fingers & fries - Peach Cobbler  We opted for pick-up as I wanted to see their restaurant, and I just love to drive.
The inside of the restaurant is basically a counter, soda fountain and a couple 2 person tables.
However, they do offer an outdoor patio, which for this  weather would be a perfect place to eat.
By the time I made it back to work with the full-sized, brown paper grocery bag, my car smelled so good, I am surprised I did not eat everything while I drove.
The portions were very healthy sized, good value, friendly staff (if a bit overwhelmed during their first week), as I type this and look at the menu, I want to order more for today!

Ok so had passed this place previously while they were pretty much under construction.
I was thinking oh great another pizza joint set up on a crappy corner.
Well I decided to check it out once opened...so here I am after getting a taste of the goods :)  First of all the place has a massive menu!
I mean MASSIVE in every sense of the word!
lol  It was almost impossible to decide on what to try, as I reviewed one item after another, each became more desirable and so on.
Decided to do the lunch specials since we were there between 10-3pm why not plus we can try multiple things and not break the bank!
lol All lunch specials are $5.
We ordered three lunch specials and split them between the two of us.
1. small pep pizza, can't go to Happy's pizza and not order a pizza pie!
Jumbo fried shrimp dinner w/fries and coleslaw 3. any 6 inch sub and fries, we tried the Italian which came with a yummy Italian dressing!
Mmmmm yum!
Three lunch specials at $5x3 plus two drinks our total was change short of a $20!
The pizza was good, a nice sweet sauce, fresh, cheesy and the crust was chewy and good.
The Italian sub was great, good flavor.
The fried shrimp were good, makes for a nice appetizer.
They have good french fries, enjoyed them lots.
Their coleslaw is different and delicious!
I suggest trying it!
Next time I will save room for dessert, def want to try their banana pudding!

Got a flyer in the mail thinking yeah another waste of money.....well I was wrong fast delivery great food pizza ribs and brisket was all super yummy thanks to great new businesses definitely I will be back for more yummy food

Well like everything in Vegas nothing is consistent ....i was trying to treat my staff to the great food I experienced and im sure the food would've been great except I ordered 60 bucks worth of fried food and they forgot my ranch so I called and they apologized and said it was on its way well after I called 5 times over a period of an hour (each time promising 10 mins it would be there) I had cold soggy food that no body wanted I ask why I was lied to and they (Jessica and a manager) explained to me I should be happy they didn't charge me for the ranch and said they can't stop everything just to bring us ranch.
I asked why I drop everything for my customers when they need something fixed that was my fault (good business practices I think that's what it's called) so I explained that I had nothing but great things to say about this place on yelp and I would love to keep it that way and they told me have fun changing it and then I requested them to come pick up my food and refund me it was two hours into this now and i felt severly insulted and decided to take my business elsewhere

I was making lasagna one night, and realized I didn't have any bread or salad for side dishes.
Since I only live minutes from Happy's Pizza, I decided to order a Greek Salad and their Cheesy Bread.
I did order delivery since I was in the middle of making dinner.
(Mind you I could drive there in 2 minutes) 1 hour later my Greek Salad and Cheesy Bread arrived.
Thank God lasagna takes forever to cook!
The cheesy bread was very large for the price, (around $6.00) I believe.
However it was dry, and their marinara sauce was very bland.
The ranch that I paid (.75 cents for) was broke, and was spilled everywhere.
The Cheesy Bread was not really that cheesy, and the taste of it was kind of weird.
The Greek Salad was around $7.00 and was disgusting!
The dressing they used was really gross, and the salad didn't even have feta cheese on it....
Overall my total was $21.00 with tip, for a salad and cheesy bread- and we didn't even eat half of it!
Pretty disappointed on the quality and taste of the food.
Will most likely not be going back.

Menu looks great food made me VERY UNHAPPY  had no flavor tasted like it had been microwaved  Stay away

So I constantly get ads in the mail for this place and finally decided to try it.
When we called they were friendly but were placed on hold twice... in one call.
Fast forward to almost 2 hours later.
(We called after an hour to see what the hold up was, guy claimed the driver had left 7 mins prior.
) So the driver hardly spoke english and couldn't find the place.
We opened up our food which was 2 medium pizzas, wings, and breadsticks.
We also added on fries which were in the same container as the wings so the fries were soaked and soggy.
Wings weren't good at all and neither were the fries.
Pizza was ok as were the breadsticks.
But I wouldn't ordered here again if they paid me, not for a 2 hour wait.

Inside a gas station all good.
Just wish they had there own building.
Overall not bad.
could be better.
I pass up this gas station many times with my lady and the  outrages menu.
But small but ok.
I had better.

I have had the pizza and wings many times, but it's just because of family purchasing it.
It's just boring.
Not enough toppings, sauce is exactly as the same as all other pizza companies.
They just don't stand out as anything fresh or different.

Ordered the 1 pound tiger shrimp, for 15 dollars.
14 ounces of it was thick oil soaked breading.
They were horrible.
Probably the worst I have ever had!

Good product, service is good, customer service skills are good, charging for condiments!?!?
$0.50 for hot sauce!!!!
1.5 oz!!!!
Charge a nickel a squeeze!
We ordered delivery several times and the food is greasy and delicious, it really depends on the mood...

This place is pretty unique, You can get a pizza, fried chicken, sub sandwich, hot wings, french fries and more.
I work near by the Flamingo location and have had lunch and dinner here a few times.
I want to first point out there subs.
I can not get enought of the italian sub with fries.
It is toasted to perfection and price is great.
For under 6 bucks you can get a good meal that taste like it was a $20 plate!
The meat and bread was fresh and the flavor and portion is worth eating again!
The service was fair, fast and easy.
There are a lot of pizza shops around town and this is one you should try out.
As I said above I have had lunch and dinner there.
I ordered the family meal pack that had a bunch of fryed chicken, bread sticks fries, wings, and pizza.
All in all for the price you cant beat it.
I paid under $35 bucks and it was more than enough for my family of 5.
We even had left overs!!!
I will say that the fryed chicken was a little dry, but the wings, pizza and frys were great!

Better than I expected!
Ordered the wings, large round pizza & deep dish large pizza.
The wings were great, the round pizza tasted good, yes they use like canned mushrooms but my family liked it n the crust was tasty.
As for the deep dish I would pass on it next time.
It was like biting into a big piece of bread there wasn't enough sauce cheese or toppings, definitely not worth the extra $1 they charge for it.
Well can't wait to try the many other items on the menu!

I have delivery-ordered a Veggie Pizza (with spinach and sausage) from Happy's Pizza on three occasions within the past few months over your mainstream pizza joints, such as Papa Johns, Pizza Hut, Dominos, etc due to the fact I enjoyed my Veggie Pizza (with spinach and sausage)!
Every time I have ordered a Veggie pizza from other places, I usually complain how there is not enough veggies (what can I say?
I love my veggies!
) but Happy's Pizza has proven to be different.
From the three occasions I have ordered my pizza, it never fails - FRESH veggies are overflowing on top of each other!
I should try other dishes to give it more reviews, but what can I say?
When I'm in the mood for pizza, I call Happy's!

Ate dinner here and it was amazing.
The pizza was good the sandwich I ordered was awesome.
The prices are great four of us split a pizza, sandwich, and a huge portion of chili cheese fries for under 20 dollars.
The location isn't the best if you are staying on the strip without a car but with a car it is just a few minutes down the road.

Not sure what I was thinking by ordering a catfish dinner from a pizza joint.
But let me tell you, I have learned my lesson.
Worse thing I have ever had delivered to the office.
I really wish there was someplace good to order food near where I work.

Happy's has an eclectic menu, so to say, pizza, sandwiches, ribs, chicken, and I am reluctant with the 5 rating having only been there once.
It's a cramped space at the end of a strip mall, so it works best for delivery or takeout, and that phone rings a lot.
We ordered the medium "everything" pizza.
I'm pretty sure the sauce came out of a can, as did the olives, but what makes it is the bread and the assembly.
I'm a fan of thin crust pizza, but as far as the flavor, my preference is a hybrid of New York/California - meaning a New York flavor without the excess grease.
And Happy's achieves that.
The bread is a thin crust, and it's chewy without being doughy.
The pizza itself wasn't smothered in sauce - and that was good because the flavor of the bread wasn't overwhelmed, and for the amount of veggies on it, the bread wasn't soggy.
Happy's makes pizza right.
I'd take theirs over most pizza joints, gourmet or corner-shops.

I love this place would have wrote a review maybe a month or two about it but never got around to it.
Anyway the service is excellent the pizza is okay I would say its average or maybe close to little caesars pizza quality.
But I really just come here for the wings they are so good and cooked to perfection and the fries, every time I get them they are fresh and crispy and the customer service is top notch not like many other take out places I have been to where it's either really bad or average at best I really like this place and would recommend it to anybody.

Yum!
If you need a quick pizza come here, or better yet have them deliver.
I love the thin crust pizza, will never get papa john's again when we order in.
The pizza is always hot, flavorful, and fresh.
Plus you can't beat the price and they mail out coupons too!

Happy's Pizza is our new favorite delivery place.
I am thrilled to be able to say goodbye to Dominos and Pizza Hut!
First of all, they run great specials that make it affordable to feed your family...plus, it's delicious.
The crust is soft and delicious.
The sauce is flavorful and the toppings are generous and tasty.
We literally devout these pizzas when they come.
We have also tried the wings, and they were crispy and flavorful, with plenty of sauce.
We order from Happy's just about every week.
The staff is also friendly and courteous.

If your Open sign is on, it's twenty minutes until your posted closing time, and all the lights are on, don't look at me like I'm an idiot for wanting to place an order.
(The floors were already wet and they'd been in the process of closing for awhile judging by the bleach smell.
)   Seriously, I wonder if the manager knows about shutting down a full half hour before closing.

It's not really fair that I critique seafood in Las Vegas being that I'm from Louisiana.
But, that's what I eat and I expect it done right.
To sum things up Happy's serves cheap frozen seafood.
I do intend on coming back to try the pizza.
The staff says it's great.
What's good about this place is friendly staff, prompt service and a large menu.
This place might be great.
I just know their popcorn shrimp and tilapia is not.
I could've gotten the same result in walmart's frozen section.

This review is for delivery only.
Every time I went to the old Smiths that (was) in the same parking lot, I always would say to my roommate "We should try that place.
"  Well, this past Thursday, we ordered delivery.
Or I should say, he did, while I was still at work.
The delivery time was long.
It took over an hour for the food to arrive, and we are literally around the corner.
Now...we did order 2 pizzas, a piece or two of fish, and chicken wings, but...still...that just seems like a long time to wait.
The fish was gross.
Not my favorite at all.
I'm not a fan of wings, but my roommate enjoyed them.
The pizzas were good, for the price.
But it really bothered me that they used canned mushrooms instead of fresh.
For the price, I'd probably order here again.
It was pretty cheap, and decent quality.
The pizza reheats REALLY well, too.
Not my favorite place, but not too shabby.

Best pizza ever!
Yummy thick crust!
Mm mm mm !
But they wouldn't give me a water cup cause they were out and said I could buy a soda for 1.25 and put water in it... Yeah no.
Super parched.
But either way the pizza is DANK!

Very UNHAPPY with Happy's.
My son LOVES their pizza, and that is the ONLY reason I put up with them.
It always takes at least one hour for food to be delivered.
Twice it took them 1 1/2 hours, and when we got the food, it was cold... DUH.
Three other times the pizza we ordered arrived with toppings that we did not ask for or want.
Really Happy's?
Hire some more delivery drivers if this seems to be an ongoing issue with lots of people.
Service is not JUST for tourists who eat your food once.
Locals need decens places.
BTW- Food, when it does come , is average.
Not worth all of the hassle

If your Open sign is on, it's twenty minutes until your posted closing time, and all the lights are on, don't look at me like I'm an idiot for wanting to place an order.
(The floors were already wet and they'd been in the process of closing for awhile judging by the bleach smell.
)   Seriously, I wonder if the manager knows about shutting down a full half hour before closing.

This place is the worst place i have ever ordered food from in my life.

