Stumbled onto CP marine and what a find.
Very service oriented.
Great communication.
Very quick turn around on service.
Only uses manufacturer parts.
No up sell.
My business stays here!

Brett at CP Marine was wonderful to work with.
Very knowledgeable about all boat areas.
We brought our boat in on a Friday evening and he was able to finish several items and have it back to us to use on Saturday morning.
Super quick work, very dependable, professional and a pleasure to work with.
I will always take my boat to him from now on for anything it needs.
I recommend CP marine to anyone needing work done on their boat.

CP Marine is the place to take your boat!
Brett will take good care of you and your boat!
A very honest owner.
Quote was accurate and work was done quick and got us back out on the lake.
Boat has worked great since work has been done.
They went above and beyond for me.
Brett has extensive boat knowledge and was even able to work on a Berkeley Jet Drive.
Most shops seem afraid of boats like this but Brett was more than comfortable with my Kachina boat!
When I picked the Boat up we even had a conversation about some small things I could do and where I could pick up the parts to do on my own if I wanted.
Or just to order the part and he would also install for me.
Just a real down to earth guy that knows what good business is.
Not taking advantage of the customer and making them feel appreciated!
Will be using them for as long as I have a boat.
Finally found a good and honest boat mechanic!

My dad took our older boat here.
It has an inboard engine that is no longer manufactured.
We previously took it to a local boat repair shop and were told to scrap it.
Brett found a way to repair and customize the engine we had at a fair price.
Brett went through the whole motor, top to bottom.
The repairs were done quickly.
He even called to follow up on how the boat was running for us.
Highly recommend Brett and his business.

2 years since my prior review.
CP Marine has relocated to Tempe.
The business model is the same:  Great customer service and an honest evaluation of your problem.
Brett is the man!

