Along with friends Norm R., Robyn N. & Mike C., I got to be the first customer ever at this excellent new buffet today, which opened in the space formerly occupied by Jungle Buffet.
They were featuring 96 food items, not counting sauces & dressings.
I found the Sushi to be delicious, as was the Mongolian BBQ, which included shrimp, lamb, beef & chicken, along with various veggies.
Some of my other favorite foods here today were the Crab Salad, the Egg Foo Young, & the Orange Chicken.
Minus one Star for the place because the "Reviews" they have posted on their website are all fake, or else from a different Asian Buffet location, since they just opened for the first time here today!
:-O  Weekday Lunch Buffet $7.29

San Tan Valley is a fast-developing residential area and I'm glad that they opened this buffet there.
There aren't many Asian food places in that town and those that I've tried have left me unimpressed.
This buffet is a good-sized establishment, very clean (it's newly opened and occupies the space of the former Jungle Buffet), and the staff is very friendly.
Not quite a super buffet, but the array of dishes is extensive.
In addition to the usual Chinese buffet standards, there's also sushi and a Mongolian grill.
I tired most of the dishes and found almost all of them of very good quality, from the hot soups and cold appetizers to the variety of desserts (mousse, fresh fruit, puddings, ice cream).

Sad to see Jungle go, but Asian Buffet is very similar so I'm not upset.
Except when we walked in last night, it was like going into a steam room!
Very hot and muggy.
The hostess said it's because it was cold outside.
Being a Michigan native, I beg to differ!
But maybe for Arizona born and raised, mid 60's in December is cold lol!
Anyways, the food was good but I don't expect the best from any buffet so my standards are lower.
As long as the food is hot, and they have my guilty pleasure stuffed mushrooms I am a happy person.
The spring rolls were good but where were the regular eggrolls?
I didn't try much of the chicken entrees, the sesame chicken I did try was good though.
The chow mein noodles were very tasty which I was not expecting coming from a tray.
Desserts were not as good as Jungle's, probably because they didn't have the gelatin tiramisu cake that I could eat a whole plate of!
But they did have cute little square cups of mousse, one regular chocolate and one mint chocolate flavor that was so weird but interesting.
Like chocolate toothpaste mixed with the Andes Mints in a foam!
Our drinks were refilled often, service was more than friendly.

Mold on their Dessert.
That's about all I needed to see.
Unfortunately that was after eating the buffet.
Which wasn't terrible but I can only imagine what the health inspector would find in the back.
It's a 3 star Chinese Buffett but the Mold gives it a 1.
Mold can f'n kill you!!
I brought it to the attention of the manager and in true Chinese fashion he offered me 10% off of my $7.99 bill.
LOL

I've been to a few buffets and this one is the worse.
The staff was nice and friendly but the food wasn't that great.
All the chicken was over cooked and hard, but was cold in the center.
Most of the food I got was lukewarm at best.
Best thing they had was the apple pie.

My family and I used to come to Jungle Buffet like crazy, like every other week.
We didn't know Asian Buffet had moved in until last week, at which time we tried it right away.
I though the service was similiar but the food was CRAP.
Waaaaaay worse than before.
Fewer choices, seemed like it had been sitting around for hours.

The food was amazing and prices fair.
This is one of the few Asian buffets that have real sushi.
They have multiple choices for anyone's taste and the service is excellent.

Food here was very good.
Seemed fresh and the staff were great.
It's alot better now then it was when called the Jungle Buffet.
I would eat here again and hopefully soon I can.

In the past, I made a review for "Jungle Buffet" (for those of you who aren't familiar, Jungle Buffet was the old "Asian Buffet") and if I remember correctly, I gave a 4 or a 5 star rating for Jungle Buffet.
Unfortunately, whether or not some people say it has or hasn't changed, I myself noticed many changes to the new "Asian Buffet".
First off, the price is a tad more.
Which is fine, if the food was good, but unfortunately all the good cooks left when JB got shut down.
Our food was cold.
My mom's brocolli and beef had frozen chunks of broccoli in it.
My stuffed crab was luke warm, and so on and so fourth.
From the time we got there, to the time we left it was about an hour, maybe two at tops because we sat around talking... and there was stuffed mushrooms sitting out with only a few in the dish (about 6-10) Those happened to be my favorite, but when I tried one it tasted like it's been sitting out way longer than it should have, so I spit it out.
My point is, if those 6 or so mushrooms were sitting out and the only thing that was keeping them warm was some warm water that ONE guy decided to pour on top of it, then I don't want to know how they keep the rest of the food warm/safe.
It sort of grossed me out of ever going there again.
I don't see the point of paying more money for food I couldn't even eat because it all tasted odd or cold.
Also, the sushi seemed as though it sat out for ages...No thank you.
Luckily, I didn't get sick, but I'm never going back there.
Which is a shame because that was my number one favorite place to go for a quick Asian food fix.
Sure, they have more of a variety of food now, but at what cost?
Cold, old tasting food?
Again, No thank you.
Oh, and I know this isn't too big of a concern....but they took down all the Jungle Buffet Decor.
I thought that was sooooo pretty an cute.
Now it has like 0 decorations up, unless they added some since the last time I've been there.
Even the fountain in the front doorway had it's Buddah man missing.
Sigh.
Oh well.
R.I.P.
Jungle Buffet.
You will be missed.
P.S.
Also, for the people who bring their children there, may I suggest a little bit of advice to you.
PLEASE..PLEASE, serve your child's food.
Don't let them dig out green beans with their hands, lick their fingers and grab some more because you're too lazy of a parent to help your child out, and when the child looks old enough to know better, they should know better.
Don't bring your child to a restaurant if you can't keep an eye on them, especially if they are horribly misbehaved and run up to random people's table and reach for their spoons/forks.
----end rant-----

We only ate here a couple of times and I was very satisified.
The seafood selection was awesome.
I was really disgusted at Jungle Buffet in the end.
This new Asian Buffet is great!
The only thing that was odd about this buffet was the strange locals who arrived in pajamas and spoke on the cell phone while getting food on their plates.
Honestly, I have a lot of complaints about various places here in STV from the library to the rude staff at QT, slime at the Circle K fountain ice dispenser to the nasty food at Wok and Roll.
Let's face it, this area is seriously lacking customer service and quality food.
Asian buffet offers customer service and quality food.
This Asian buffet is awesome and I am really grateful I don't have to drive to Chandler to get some decent Asian food!

Food is good considering the price.
I am addicted to the Sesame Balls!
Staff is nice.
The steamed clams were seasoned well, sushi was fresh, the hot and sour soup was AWESOME!

This place is a disaster!!
Don't even bother to spend any penny here coz it just not worth it..  During our last visit here, I saw the prep guy sneezing without covering his mouth and he had a tray of foods in his hands ready to put in the buffet.
And I was like WoW!!
Really a big WoW there!!
That's really turn down my appetite.
I go back to my table and talk to the manager , and in true Chinese fashion she's offering me 10% off my Total bill, and looks like she doesn't even give a damn about the food that might be contaminated at all!!!
I would never come back here again, there's a lot better Chinese buffet nearby!

My first 1 star review, and trust me, it would get zero if it was possible.
This place is disgusting, the second I walked in I should have known, but gave it a try.
Everything we tried was lukewarm and gross.
There wasn't enough hot sauce in the place to make anything taste good.
AVOID!!

Have visited the restaurant several times, being an area resident, really want to see restaurants succeed.
With that being said, it is hard to get behind this buffet- it is such a hit and miss.
Some of the buffet items are predictable but yet still very good, however there seems to be a problem keeping temperature with some of the items and that is a concern.
When I took a bite of a breaded shrimp it was stone cold in the middle, yet had appearance of being fried on the outside- maybe tried to reheat it from the night before?
To the credit of the restaurant when I told them about tithe did then bring me a plate of hot and very good shrimp.
I want to keep faith alive about the restaurant, but there are some obvious things (temps) that should be addressed right away if the buffet will make it.
I don't expect gourmet food at a buffet just want it hot and fresh!
Here's to one more chance

I am not what you would consider a picky eater.
I will eat  or try anything.
When it comes to this place though, I think not.
The tables steam but the food is ice cold.
They have one or two okay dishes but I mainly want hot food.
Try it if you want to but I find this place to be rather mediocre.

I love food and since I travel often on business and dine at the finest restaurants I have seen my fair share of places.
This buffet is fantastic value for money and the food is perfectly fine.
If you are coming here expecting to pay $10 for a $40 per plate meal you are just being silly of course.
I have been here twice with my Family, once for lunch and once for dinner.
Both visits were fantastic.
On the second visit we were 7 people and nobody complained about a single dish.
We were seated immediately, drinks were on the table in under 5 minutes and every time I went back for more my plate was gone when I got back.
I tried quite a variety of dishes and they were all great tasting and perfectly warm (for all the complainers in the other reviews).
Loved the coconut shrimp, the duck was pretty good, egg rolls were good, Wonton Soup was good, the wonton in it was average.
The noodle dishes were very tasty, those chicken kebabs were great.
The sushi bar does not have much variety but what they have is pretty good  As expected none of the dishes completely blew me away as the best I ever had, but that is not what I expected at the price so 5 stars it is.
My family thoroughly enjoyed both visits and constantly nag me to go back.
On our way out my 3-year old boy asked for a second fortune cookie and was promptly handed as many as he could carry (I think it was about 15) to take home !

gross food, sticky floor, dirty bathrooms, chicken like jerky.
For desert a COCKROACH crawled across our table!
We told an employee and she laughed.
We will never return.

If you are interested in a variety of greasy food in an "ok" setting for an "ok" price then this is your place.
Looks pretty run down.
A variety of choices, but none that looked all that fresh... felt sick when I left.
Two stars because my husband loves it.

I tried just about everything here.
I wound up wasting pretty much everything, because I couldn't stomach it.
Most of it seemed like leftovers that were just microwaved.
It was all tough or had a weird, not-fresh texture and/or flavor.
None of it was hot.
The next day, those of us who ate from the buffet were sick.
My son, a picky eater, who chose to eat cake only, was spared.
Leads me to believe we were dealing with food poisoning.
I so wish we could get our money back.

Not the worst, but definitely not the best.
Asian Buffet has a pretty varied selection of foods available.
My husband and I have been multiple times without incident but the last visit, he decided to go outside of his comfort zone and try the Mongolian Grill.
Well needless to say, he got very ill from it.
We'll probably be back, solely because it's cheap and close.
But it's standard Chinese buffet fare.
Nothing to write home about.

Sitting here with my kids and hubby having a wonderful dinner!
My middle son is super picky and actually has a full plate almost polished off.
Normally it seems like Asian buffets are not the biggest about having kids in the group but they are so awesome about it.
The workers are great.
Can't wait for our next trip here!

First let me say I'm not your average customer.
I have been to hundreds of different Chinese restaurants around the world and I'm going to own one very soon.
This place is pretty decent.
I think you won't beat it for the price.
11 bucks for all u can eat crab legs, fresh oysters, sushi, baked Salmon, squid and of course all your regular Chinese buffet items.
We enjoy it and we're pretty picky.
And u know what were not fighting to get crab legs when they come out like buffets in chandler.
And I dont know the owners just thought some of the reviews were misrepresenting how this place really is.
Try them, their flavors are very good!
Something makes me think there are other places jealous of them around here and talking sh!!
!..

I would not recommend eating here.
Besides the food being subpar, it is very dirty and worn out looking.
Save your money and your gut - go somewhere else.

