Johnathon is not only a fabulous hair stylist but a super nice person!
My hair was really a mess and he did a conditioning treatment and cut my hair and I just love it!
I even asked about the keratin treatment and he explained it in detail and I can't wait to get it done!
I highly recommend him!
;-)

I have lived in Las Vegas for 5 years and have not been able to find anyone to cut my hair until now.
Jonathon is a gem!
I have very fine hair, he listened to what I wanted, and then explained how he would cut it and if it went with my shape face.
I now can say I have a an excellent hair stylist in Las Vegas...thank you Jonathon !

I purchased a Groupon Now from Hair by Jonathon, and I am so glad I did.
I put off getting my hair done, and of course at last minute I decided I couldn't stand it for another 30 seconds.
They were able to fit me in with Jamie, who colored, highlighted and cut my hair and I am so pleased.
She did an excellent job and was very personable.
I will definitely be back.
Thank you so much for the wonderful customer service and excellent hair style!

JAMIE IS AMAZING!!!!!
She has been doing my hair for years and it always comes out perfect.

Jonathon is the best hairdresser, period...bar none!
I was treated like a queen, and have never enjoyed a scalp massage as I did.
He did a fantastic job on my badly colored hair and I was thrilled with the results.
Absolutely wonderful!
Thank you, Jonathon.
Your new Illinois friend, Terri.

I have been going to Jonathan for about 6 months now and I just love him!
I am so glad I found him, a customer of mine told me about him and I am so glad they did.
My hair has never looked so good!
I have long blond hair with highlights and he makes my hair look AMAZING!
The girls that work with him are so sweet, and give the best shampoos I have ever had!
I have my cosmotology license and was in the business previously, and have yet to find anyone as great as Jonathan!
GO SEE HIM!

I've been going to Jonathon for a while now.
He is literally the BEST hair stylist I've ever had.
He is super friendly and funny.
He makes you feel beautiful and looking fabulous.
I will never go to anyone else.

I have been going to Jonathon since 2004 when I moved to Vegas!!
He is awesome!!
There has never been a time I wasn't thrilled with my hair!
I get highlights and trims and go about 3 times a year for touch ups!!
His salon is clean and everyone is extremely friendly!!
He has coupons in zip code magazine as well so check him out!!
You will be so happy you did!

