Chef Ben is a great little place to enjoy some awesome sushi and food at a very reasonable price.
A good amount of rolls average $3.50 and are very well prepared.
This place was so good we went back the next day.

Good value for express sushi.
Attentive service, nice decor.

Maybe it was what we ordered - but the food was crap.
It was our first time and we didn't know what to order.
They had a $20 special with three dishes and some egg rolls.
All were crap.
Wouldn't give it to my dog.
We had Teriyaki Beef - some crappy beef with Teriyaki poured over it.
Sesame Chicken tasted like the Teriyaki (did they use the same sauce?
) The chicken fried rice was a tasteless wonder.
They use regular plates but plastic forks and foam glasses.
Service was fine though.
We didn't order any sushi or rolls - maybe they can do these well.
But for Chinese dishes STAY AWAY.
I give them one year and they will be closed.

Awesome food, awesome price.
I found this place by accident but quickly realized what a gem it was.
The sushi is more than reasonably priced.
The service is awesome.
I've become a regular, service like this is HARD to find.
Youre treated like a valued customer, which is something that is rare in this day and age.
If you want awesome sushi, even better service and keep some money in your wallet, I definitely recommend you try this place.

Why do so many places around Phoenix do Teriyaki so poorly?
I'm always looking for a good Teriyaki place in the west valley and they all seem to just throw a piece of chicken on a flat top and serve a dry, flavorless and WHITE piece of chicken with some sauce poured over the top.
Teriyaki should be char broiled over a flame and have some flavor before adding the sauce.
I ordered a Spicy Teriyaki Chicken Rice Bowl but it came on a plate for some reason.
The chicken was flavorless and the sauce wasn't spicy and very mild in flavor.
I would never order the Teriyaki Chicken  again from this place.
The California Roll I had with it was decent for the price and I would eat this again.
I will try it again but will try something else on the menu and skip the Teriyaki Chicken.

We had to change our plans since the haboob was heading our way.
A friend's daughter was working near by so decided to give this new place a try.
I am always skeptical when a Chinese joint trying to do Japanese food.
This place is hidden behind Applebee's and next to a donut shop.
They have a good selection of bento boxes.
I had the bento #3 that came with California rolls, Teriyaki chicken, and dumplings.
They even have $1 off of all bento boxes.
Place is charming, staff is very friendly, and prices quite reasonable.
I'll definitely try this place again.

If it is wasn't for the haboob, the girls that came to visit sickie me would have eaten in the East side.
They stayed on the West side and we decided to go to Chef Ben's because a friend's daughter works there and it is her first job.
Us Aunts wanted to say hello and give her a hard time.
he he he!
It was cute & clean place.
They have a mix of Japanese and Chinese food.
I ordered the double chicken (panko & grilled) with teriyaki!
The teriyaki was sweeter than I like but it was good.
The service staff was good.
The prices are reasonable.
I would come back to visit again!

This is one of my local favorites.
I can call in Sushi and spend about the same amount of money as the crappy fast food places.
They recently started a rewards program where you get something free every 5th visit.
I have had two hot dishes chicken teriyaki (not so good) and beef yakisoba which was slightly better.
I prefer the rolls!
I frequently order the spicy onion and spicy salmon.
Both are quite tasty!
Enough so that I didn't dock pints for the sea-saltless edamame.
The service is fast and friendly.
The rolls are on the smaller side but well worth it for the price and taste!
I recently took my friend because I figured she would appreciate some help finding great places being new to this part of town.
She loves it and goes at least once a week with her daughters!

My wife and I really like this place and their 20 dollar special.
The staff are really nice and friendly too.
This place has average food at best... but its cheap enough to come back every now and then because of their  deals during dinner.
We really like the sesame chicken.
No major complaints...
It worth a try if you want cheap sit down place on a tight budget.

Absolutely disgusting.
Sorry, but I'm being honest.
I love sushi.
Rolls...sashimi...etc etc and here, it was as if I got sushi out of a vending machine.
It's hard to mess up a spicy tuna roll.
I took one bite and pretty much had to spit it out.
Maybe the "food" is good there, but I will NEVER go there for sushi.
The staff is friendly and the place is clean.
However, I wish the place that used to be in this location was still there.
Again, sushi out of a vending machine.
Ick.

We have been to Ben's a couple times now and glad we have found a local place to get Teriyaki close by (after moving from Seattle to PHX, it's hard to find here...).
We have ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and the spicy Chicken Teriyaki Yakasoba and enjoyed both.
The regular Teriyaki is a little sweeter than we are "used to" but not so much so that we wouldn't keep ordering it.
I like that they are willing to customize your order and have been very friendly.
We'll keep coming back!

I ordered sushi last night, I got horrendous food poisoning.
I have eaten sushi for 15 years and this is the first time I became violently ill.
I became horribly sick within the hour.
The cramps were excruciating.
The other food is ok, but the sushi is so sub-standard even in taste, I am amazed they can keep their doors open.

Stumbled upon Chef Ben's and decided give it a shot.
Gotta say the prices are what brought us (my daughter and I) in.
It seemed fairly priced, clean looking, yet it was not quite welcoming.
We ordered the chicken teriyaki,  teriyaki two, and what is usually my favorite, the eel roll.
I was completely unsatisfied, the chicken was dry, the beef seemed to be low quality and a bit dry as well.
I was most let down by the roll though.
I asked the gentleman taking my order "is the eel fresh water or not?
" His response, "yes.
" I definitely do not believe it to have been fresh water at all.
I have had eel numerous times and at plenty places yet have never had such a salty and fishy tasting roll.
The taste was overwhelming and I could not force myself to suck down a second bite.

Fast friendly service

Great place for sushi, nice waitstaff and and reasonable prices.

By far the most affordable sushi place on the west side :) I love their Hawaii Roll!!
The slivers of almond get me every time!!
I also love their bento special.
If you're not particularly hungry, don't get it!
It's a lot of food.
You can get a lot of food for under $10.
Definitely a place to try :) ahem ahem walk over to the donut shop next door and have a boba for dessert.
Just sayin!

Affordable cheap sushi and Chinese food.
The staff is friendly and always nice.
Their bento boxes are a pretty good deal for all the food you get.
Sushi is also good and the Chinese food is good and cheap.
Good place to grab some cheap sushi and Chinese food to go.

Sushi is good and quick.
It's certainly not the best of the best bit it's solid.
The best part is they have yummy offerings for the non sushi eaters in my life.
Service is always quick and friendly.

Love the sushi, service and great prices!
I come here three or more times a month and I am never disappointed.
My favorite roll is the cream cheese roll.
YUMMY!

Let me start by admitting I'm FAR from a sushi aficionado.
In fact, I'll only eat California rolls because I'm scared to try anything else.
A huge craving for teriyaki chicken led us here.
We were really impressed with the cleanliness of the restaurant and especially the restrooms.
The customer service was awesome as well.
We had the happy hour special which was only $8 and included 2 items and soup or salad.
The miso soup was satisfying, the teriyaki chicken was really delicious and hit the spot.
The California rolls, in my opinion, were fresh-tasting and delicious.
For under $20 for two we left really happy and definitely plan to return.
I'll be excited to try a Bento box on the next visit.

Great place for quick fast cheap sushi, I Love getting the bento box for 10 bucks you get a lot of food.
and every 10 box your 11th one is free.
Clean friendly staff.
They also have a check in system where you can get free food after so many check in.
Try spicy crunch roll really good.

my coworker brought some sushi from this place on my lunch break and it wasn't that bad.
I had about four or five different rolls and only one of them I did not like.
the quality wasn't too bad only one of them had fish and the fish was decent.
now I got my lunch for free but from what she told me the prices are pretty cheap so you get what you pay for.
May try this place again but by myself so I can try other rolls and see what they really have

Good sushi and low prices.
Food is consistent and always tastes great.
And I couldn't forget the service.
They never fail to take care of my myself or my family.

Fresh tasty food, clean and great service!
We ordered 3 rolls, bento box, crab ragoons, dumplings and salad.
I can't find anything to complain about except the crab ragoons were small compared to what I'm use too.
But still tasty.

I was here for Happy Hour, but they were closed during posted business hours.
The food may be pretty good here, but I'll never know because their door was locked.

