I was referred here by another landscaping company that didn't service my area (wish I could remember that business name so I could thank them)  I have this huge nasty cactus that has been growing on top of my orange tree, and I'd much rather have an orange tree than this ugly cactus.
I called Dave on Monday, sent him a picture of what I needed done and he quoted me a price over the phone and scheduled me for Thursday and would call me and tell me what time his workers would arrive.
Next day he texted me and said 7am on Thurs.
He called me about 6:30 to tell me his guys were on the way, good thing he did because I almost overslept!
They arrived promptly at 7 and got right to work.
I showed them what I needed done and they did a great job!
They got rid of the offending cactus arms, and even trimmed up my orange tree and removed a nasty weed that was growing right next to it.
They cleaned up all the mess and were gone about 7:45am.
He even gave me some tips in caring for the tree to get bigger and juicier oranges.
I'd definitely call them again!

These guys did 2 paver jobs for me, we did most of our own landscape installation at our homes but I would rather hire someone to do the pavers and these guys did a fantastic job for a great price.
I was able to get ahold of Dave right away and his bid came a few days after he met with me.
He mostly works out of the east valley and completes his jobs in a timely manner.

These guys are great!
I was referred to them by another company and I'm really glad I had them come out!
I first had them fix a big leak in my drip system as well as fix a valve in my drip system.
Everything was fixed and it works great now!
Then, I had them come out and do an "overhaul cleanup" on my yard and I feel like I have a brand new yard.
They went above and beyond what I asked for and I am so happy!
I would definitely give these guys a call.
Dave and their whole team is great.
I will certainly be using them again in the future!
Thanks again!

I was referred to this company by another landscaping company who didn't serve the east valley.
Dave responded almost immediately to my email inquiry and was able to come out to my house on my next available day.
He gave me an upfront quote (although a little higher than other companies), I decided to go with them because of the ease of communication.
He came out as promised and the work got done quickly by him & his team of guys.
I'll definitely use AZ Landscaping Co for my future landscaping/irrigation needs.

I called Dave at AZ Landscaping due to the good reviews here on Yelp.
He originally scheduled an appointment in the middle of the afternoon, but cancelled a half hour before the appointment.
I had to take a half-day off of work, so I wasn't too thrilled, but he rescheduled for Friday morning at 7am.
Friday came and I ended up waiting until 7:30am to leave and go to work.
When I called him, it sounded like I woke him up.
I let him know that I was disappointed and that I had other estimates scheduled, so I would just work with those companies instead.
He wasn't very apologetic and hung up.
With all of the other available landscapers in the Valley, why take a chance with this one?

never showed up!
do not use this company.

We have been long time customers of Dave at AZ Landscaping.
Although he is ALWAYS late to arrive, does not return calls in a timely manner and has even been a NO SHOW, we have stuck with him because his crew does good work.
We have finally given up!!!
We scheduled Dave two weeks in advance to clean up our yard before a big party.
He was to arrive at 9:30 and by 11:00 he still was not there - typical.
We called him three times - no answer and no return call.
He was a no show AGAIN.
We ended up doing as much of the cleanup as we could ourselves.
Our party went ahead as planned in a yard with dead plants that had not survived the winter.
We never heard from Dave, however his wife called a few days later and apologized that he had failed to put us on the schedule and would like to reschedule to do the work two weeks from now.
No way, they have lost a customer!!!
By the way, Dave does not do any of the work himself, he talks on the phone and runs errands while his very fine crew does the labor.
I recommend that you look elsewhere.

Left a message, never heard back.
Why bother?

We had been loyal AZ Landscaping customers for about two years; until recently.
Initially he had been great for our large property as well as our rental house; returned phone calls, on site, on time, etc.
However within the last year his work has steadily been going down hill.
We came home from vacation to find our yard completely overgrown with weeds (we paid for weekly services), our grass dead, many plants not trimmed or watered, basically just in bad condition.
Also, was suppose to have one of our very large expensive planters repaired for the past year, but has somehow always come up with a random excuse as to why it has not come in yet.
All in all, we had to let him go.
I would not recommend him to anyone.

