I went here last week with my best friend because I had a terrible neck ache that was plaguing me for days.
Glamorous day spas have nice facilities, but they never seem to have very good massages.
I'm glad I came here because they relieved my neck and shoulder spasms.
I went around noon and it was very quiet and relaxing.
The massage therapist focused on my knot areas and I left in much better shape than I did when I arrived.
I highly recommend this place!

Highly recommend this place.
I has such a great experience I wrote blog about it.
It won't all fit here,  so please read my post 3/28/2012.
http://blog.fundoofitness.com.
You'd be happy to have visited.
Your moment of Zen is there!

So I got a Groupon for hubby and I about 2 months ago for an ion foot detox and an hour "foot massage".
(it ended up being a whole body massage-yay!
) The in-laws were in town, so we seized the opportunity to get away and got a late appointment.
We were greeted at the door and treated like royalty, sat in these huge, comfy chairs and sat in a peaceful, dark room side-by-side.
We did the soak first, then got some really awesome over the clothes massages-I love Chinese massage-this was right up my alley.
I left this place sooooo relaxed.
The location is not the best, but service is king to me-and they did not disappoint

First off, in a city like LV, we all know there are plenty of suspect massage parlors, so I was a bit apprehensive when I drove into the parking lot for my appointment.
You just never know in this town what to expect.
Secondly, this is not just a foot massage - you really do get a great full body treatment.
And everything is done with all your clothes on...
Please do not be put off by the location.
Needless to say, the parking lot and surrounding area is kinda seedy looking and the front entrance, is pretty low-key and plain.
Dark windows, small signage and very non-descript.
But once you open the doors, it is a whole different experience.
I came in with a Groupon and was treated beautifully.
There was nice friendly greeting right once I opened the door.
The gentleman knew my name and I was taken right away to the side room for my treatment.
I was offered a variety of drinks and he settled me right into the comfiest chair ever.
I have to say that I have been to other locations (salons, spas, etc) on a Groupon and you get treated like a second class citizen and feel like you are not given full service, but The Foot Spa was A+.
I had just flown on Spirit Airlines from a week long business trip and landed earlier that morning (12:15 a.m. Friday, 04/27) and had experienced the worst customer service and overall, travel experience ever.
What a 180 degree experience at The Foot Spa.
It was indeed one of the best massages I have ever had.
It combines all the great things I absolutely love about getting my hair done (scalp, temple, neck and shoulder massage), a manicure (hand and finger kneading/pulling, forearm and upper arm) and pedicure (foot and calves).
They get to all your pressure points and knots.
I run and exercise a lot, so I always feel tight and wound up.
My lady (sorry I forgot her name), picked up on the spots that I had the most tension and really worked them out.
So fantastic.
And their "regular" prices are still super affordable.
I plan on going back soon.
Highly recommend...

Very nice set up, in a great little mall on Spring Mountain...home of Raku and Big Wong and Monta...(so if you're hungry before or after, you're covered).
They give a Yelp "check-in" discount ($34) and are very, very friendly.
The therapists are quiet, which is a blessing as foot massage joints are notorious for talkative and/or noisy environments.
Foot massages are good, but not any better than Best Foot Massage or Good Foot Massage.
(I wish the fellow who did me had spent more time on my head and hands).
I'll go back...but not in a hurry.

I've been wanting to try a chinese foot massage for ages but after a trip to NYC where I walked a ton, it became an imperative that I find some relief for sore muscles.
Last night I decided to take our chances and see if we could walk in and get massages.
We walked in at 8pm and were shown immediately to our seats.
Score!
Having read the reviews here on Yelp, I knew what to expect (thank you, Yelp peeps!
) and found everything just as great as I had hoped.
The gentleman at the front was welcoming and kind.
We were shown to a semi-private area with two chairs (sooooo comfortable!
) and immediately offered water or hot tea.
The foot soaking water followed shortly after our drinks and we were able to relax for a little while we waited for our masseurs.
Our masseurs were Todd & Tina with Tina doing most of the talking.
She was super sweet and explained things as they did them (was it obvious we were newbies?
LOL).
I had Todd and he was FABULOUS!
Apparently he is one of the masseurs with strong pressure, if needed, but I asked for more of a medium pressure.
It was amazing!
I could feel entire muscle groups relaxing as he worked.
As others have stated, chinese "foot" massage is a misnomer...you're massage from head to toes.
Awesome!
One of the things that I loved was that everyone that worked there spoke in a soft, quiet voice and only when they needed to.
It was a truly relaxing environment with tranquil music playing in the background.
You do lose some privacy here versus a true spa, but I believe the massage itself and the employees more than make up for that one small negative.
Oh, and as a bonus, they have a Yelp 10% off check in bonus!
I had completely forgotten about it, but when I was checking out the guy asked me where I'd heard about them and when I said Yelp he immediately made sure to give me the discount.
Wow!
Great customer service!!!
I'm pretty sure that I'm canceling my Massage Envy membership and making a trip to see Todd once a month.
I highly recommend trying The Foot Spa if you're in the market for relaxation and/or some muscle pain relief.
This is the place!

Good place to go for a massage if you don't need to have anything fancy.
The massage is good and the place is clean.
You basically end up with a light full body massage with special attention and time given to the feet.
I give it 5 stars not because it is as good as getting a $300 massage from the top floor of the Aria hotel, but because for $34 it is a very good value.
I would go back to this friendly foot massage place.

I love massages, especially foot massage.
It was a Friday and I got the day off.
I just had to walk in and get a foot massage.
I was immediately greeted by the owners and they took me to the side room where another staff walked in with a warm water basin for my feet.
The lady owner handed me a paper with information regarding the feet detox that I was about to enjoy.
I like that they offer this.
It was a female staff that was going to help me and because she looked so thin, I was afraid that I wont be receiving a firm pressure massage.
Remember the saying " Don't judge a book by it's cover"?
OMG, she was quite strong and I enjoyed every bit of it.

I always wanted to try the ion foot bath.
I was amazed at what I saw.
Also the massage was great.
I was very relaxed when I came out.

This was an experience!
I definitely want to do this again.
Great service, full body massage with clothes on.
We were expecting just a foot massage but barely anything was done to our feet.
It was the ionic foot soak that our feet received.
The water turned.... an interesting color!!!
May be TMI!

Just got back from their new location 4770 Spring Mtn.
Rd.
Went because of the reviews here.
I had the 1 hour massage and it was great.
Be aware it is more than just a foot massage, they will massage your whole body.
The price can't be beat at $38.
I mentioned yelp and got $ 4 off.
I had them call a cab for back to Caesars and because it was going to be a 20-30 minute wait they offred a free ion foot massage.
Very classy of them.
I didn't take them up on the offer and the cab showed up in 10 minutes.
It's a $12 cab ride and about 10 minutes from Caesars.
Thanks yelp for steering mw to a winner.

It was okay they're definitely good at trying to up sell you!
Was trying to do just 30 mins then ended up doing 45 mins.
They later tried to get me to do 60 mins lol!
The ambiance was good there was a dark room with soft music.
It was a little weird because there were two other guests when I got in the room with a screen divider being the only thing separating us.
The therapist did minimal talking the only downside is when they did talk they talked to each other in their language and they didn't speak English very well.

Best massage ever.
I found The Foot Spa through Yelp and used a Yelp deal for an ionic detox and foot massage.
The emphasis wasn't just on the feet...there was a full neck/shoulder/back massage as well, and Tina was amazing :) I opted for the additional 10 min massage for $10 and I was blissfully happy.
Left super relaxed.
I will definitely return.

The guy barely spoke English but for 50 bucks including tip i received a full body massage that helped my whole tired body, i signaled  my legs and he almost made me cry and laugh...
It was awesome.

Took my wife and mother-in-law for the deluxe foot massage and Ion treatment.
The massages were excellent.
Unsure how any of us felt about the Ion treatments though.
The 4770 Spring Mtn location only had one Ion machine available which put our session out of sync.
Chairs weren't very comfortable.
Friendly staff, would definitely go again!

3 Words!
Fantastic relaxation experience.
Used the Yelp Promotion and did the 75 min foot reflexology and Ion Detox.
Not only did they do my feet and legs, but I also got a shoulder and back-rub.
They offer you a nice herbal tea or water.
I would highly recommend this place if you like strong foot reflexology.

nice, tranquil place.
very good foot massage and detox foot bath.
some confusion about the services booked but we worked it out.
will definitely go back.

I went because of the Great Yelp Deal, but I felt  mislead.
It said a 50 minute massage with the 25 minute foot detox.
However, when I got there I was told it was a 45 minute massage for just your shoulder/ arms and feet.
NO BACK..
!!!
I was disappointed, but didn't argue.
I tried to resolve my disappointment by buying more time (30 min additional massage ) to get them to add the BACK into the massage.
This took 10 minutes for them to understand, I was willing to pay more time for them to work on my back.
Well, my three stars are for them forgetting to hook me up properly to the foot detox.
The lady forgot to put on my wrist thing that works with the foot thing.
Loved the foot soak, but the detox didn't work because I wasn't hooked up to the machine properly.
She apologized, but you know... times a wasted.
Then I got the massage and it was good.. this young guy was giving me a great foot massage, shoulder and arms...  No BACK!
Then at the last 15 minutes, the lady comes back and says... "I give you back massage as special, so you can try  it out".
I was thinking... but I'm paying regular price for an additional 30 minutes on top of the yelp coupon...
So that didn't leave a very favorable feeling.
So 3 stars..  if you go there.. they're nice people.
Yelp Coupon... it's misleading.
45 minute massage of the shoulder, arms and foot..  NO BACK.!
Not 50 minutes.
Would I go back... probably not because it's too far from the Strip and there are soooo many foot massage places in Vegas that are closer!

When I was driving around the Asian towns of Vegas, I came across literally 30 foot spa places.
There were over 2 per block.
This Chinese foot spa is tucked away in a Korean plaza.
This spa is serene and calming.
My masseuse did an amazing job to get the knots out of my rib cage/ back area.
Additionally, I got a ionic cleanse.
The cleanse was fun and moisturizing as it showed me which of my organ works the hardest and it oiled my feet, respectively.

I came to the foot spa because I came across the place while looking a restaurant on Spring Mountain Road.
I was walking around here in Vegas so my feet and back was sore so I looked it up on Yelp.
Great reviews and a special going on so I gave it a shot.
I'm glad I did, the massage was very good.
I did the detox package using some kind of electrical device which charges the toxins in your body and pulls it out from your feet in the tub of water.
It seemed to work as the water changes color after 30 min of detox.
The different colors represent how much toxins are in your body.
Black is bad and yellow was good.
Mine came out between yellow and orange, which the masseuse said was good.
After the detox came a 45 min massage, much better than I expected.
She felt where my knots were on my back and concentrated on relieving them.
Then finished me off with a great foot massage.
I actually felt relaxed for the whole day!
I would like to go again soon, but too bad I don't live in Vegas.

Our first time getting foot massages and this place definitely has us hooked.
Friendly staff, clean inside despite being in a run down strip mall, quiet atmosphere, great service.
Appreciated the semi-private rooms and the people who worked on us were had good pressure always asking us for feedback.
Relaxing experience and would definitely go back although I don't have anything to compare it to.

Both my friend and I got deals for this place in Las Vegas because we wanted to do something different then the normal Vegas drinking...The atmosphere is really nice, nice music and soft lighting...the deal was for a massage and foot detox... the foot detox last about 30 minutes and the water was really hot i had to keep taking my feet out every few minutes until it got comfortable..My friend and I were sharing the same room so we got to see what they were doing to both of us... for my massage they had me sit on a  foot stull  instead of lying down like my friend...her's looked so relaxing and mine hurt the whole time, it wasn't until he started massaging my legs that the masseurs had me lye down and that part was wonderful..
This place had to many inconsistency's when my friend and I bought the same package and got to different type of massages...

I'm pretty happy right now.
I don't usually go to these foot spa places, because so many of them are conducting questionable activities.
This one looks a little shady from the outside, but once inside it didn't feel like it would be one of those hanky panky joints.
I found this place through the Yelp deal, which was actually pretty great.
It isn't really easy to find since it is in the same grubby little shopping center as Monta (meaning I've driven past it hundreds of times without even realizing it was there until I found it on Yelp!
)  However, just like Monta this place was a real gem.
I might have to start trying some of the other places in that plaza!
As with all foot spas, and everything in that shopping center it's dumpy from the outside, but it's actually pretty decent when you walk in.
Nice comfy chairs and soothing music to set the mood.
On to the actual services...
The Yelp!
deal offers a detox foot spa and a 45 minute massage for just $29.
The foot spa was interesting.
The water starts clear, but is supposed to change colors depending on how much and what kinds of toxins are leached out of your body.
Mine turned the color of pee, which they said was a good thing...  Ugh, but I guess it's better than turning brown or black.
The massage was also really good.
For those people that complain about whether the massage was too strong or too soft here's the SUPER PRO TIP born out of true genius...  tell them what you like.
I'm incredible to think of such an incredible trick, I know but that's what we geniuses must do for the common masses.
I even added half an hour and had the masseuse do extra work on my tennis elbow.
While she was working on me, she also complimented me on my large..... hands.
No dirty thoughts now, I did say this was a no hanky panky kind of place.
The staff was extremely friendly and actually spoke a little English, which is pretty uncommon in these types of places.
It was incredibly busy, and there were lots of men AND women when I went, which is also a pretty good testimonial to the legitimacy of the place.
Definitely going back.
Next time it'll be Monta and massage!

I stopped in for a last minute foot treatment & they easily got me the time I wanted.
The owner is a sweetheart.
My daughter was with me & fell asleep in the chair next to me.
She never sleeps anywhere but it was so soothing, she started snuffling.
Without a word they covered her with a towel, tucked a pillow over her feet, allthewhile I was being massaged into oblivion.
Understand, I came in there for the ion soak (heard about it from a friend as a good detox) & foot rub.
My attendant made sure head to toe all my kinks were worked out & for an extremely low cost even without the Groupon.
It's not a fancy resort but I've lived here forever & care about the quality of the people more than how much money they wasted in decor.
I'm loyal to those lovely people just from their absolute kindness given to my baby, how good they made me feel & will be back.

The Foot Spa is amazing!
My girlfriend and I tried the Yelp special- 45 minute foot massage with 30 minute detox bath.
We were delighted that the spa was dimly lit and relaxing music was playing.
The chairs were really comfortable, and it was so nice not to hear  a bunch of chatter.
A bonus is that the foot massage actually comes with a shoulder/neck and hands massage- pure heaven!
I have been to many massauses, and that was the best shoulder neck massage I hav eever received!
The staff was friendly and efficient in serving clients.
I would highly recommend going- they offer a great value for their services.

The day after a long drive to Vegas and a night of too much drinking, which ended with a slumber on an armchair, I needed a retinkering of my neck/back/body/soul.
While I'm used to $15-20/hr foot massages in the San Gabriel Valley, I knew that a good deal could be found in Chinatown-LV simply because I see tens of slightly shady-looking places all throughout Spring Mountain Road.
However, very few of them have the smarts to post a "yelp deal" to attract out-of-towners looking for a cheap fix.
The Foot Spa is a clean, quiet, and serene place that is staffed with adept masseuses that provide a relaxing massage at a very affordable/acceptable price.
Before going with 4 of my friends, I made a quick phone call to book a "reservation" which would give them some time to rally up their masseuses (they aren't on site at all times, and are actually shuttled around I believe).
My group did the 25 min foot soak to "detox" our body of alcohol and um other stuff, which really was just a chance to get sleepy before the real massage lol  My water turned "orange/brown" which meant my joints had issues (I was more expecting black water which was liver issues from booze lol).
My joints have been pretty good lately....so I guess the detox was detoxing unnecessary ailments :P  But who cares, the couches are really comfortable and it gives you a chance to just relax in a pool of water.
So my masseuse was a bit late compared to the other 4 that were working on my friends, so the "receptionist/manager" said she would give me a massage while I waited.
OMG she was probably the most skilled and strong masseuse I've had ever had and I was so happy my guy/girl was late.
Sadly, this came to an end about 10 minutes later when another guy came whose hands felt like limp noodles compared to this Superwoman Massage-trained-receptionist-manager.
But my guy was still pretty good because I still passed out and started to snore (according to my friends).
Once it was all said and done, I felt super refreshed and ready to dance the night away and re-distort my body!
I ended up having the best drunken night of my life with seemingly unlimited pain-free dancing.
When I awoke the next morning with my head in the toilet, my neck still felt limber and loose.
I attribute all of this to my great massage @ The Foot Spa  **I recommend paying the extra $10 for a full back massage at the end, it was icing on the cake and REALLY gets all the knots out of your vertebrae and spinal area**  I am going to return to find the superwoman receptionist to give me my next massage in 2013 lol   Total cost $29 + 10 + $11 for tip: $50 spend that could have been blown in 5 minutes at a Vegas Table

OMG!
I went in expecting to soak in some water, have it turn some random color and get a little foot massage.
Definitely not the case.
I was there for an hour and a half.
After soaking in the water detox thing I went back into a room and got an AMAZING massage.
First she (Julie) rubbed my back and shoulders, then I laid down and she massaged my face, scalp, and neck again.
Then she did my arms and hands , then finally my feet and legs.
It was one of the best massages ever.
It was a steal at only $29.
If you're looking for a great professional and relaxing massage this is the place to go.
I'll definitely be back!!

I have been to dozens of reflexology foot massage establishments in Beijing and Shanghai.
I have tried looking for something comparable here in Las Vegas and have never been satisfied with the service, staff and the way I feel when I leave.
I stopped looking!
Then one day I see a Groupon and I really needed a massage.
My husband went with me.
We were both blown away!
3 months of stiffness and discomfort vanished.
We have returned 4-5 times and even taken my 87 year old MIL.
Mom walks so much better after her treatment\massage.
When I start worrying about her falling because she is walking Franken footed, I book her an appointment and I don't have to worry for a couple of months.
Every staff member I have experienced is extremely competent, caring and polite.
I have never had a disappointing experience.
The whole family will continue to patronize this business.
I have also taken out of town guests who thought it was the best money they spent in Las Vegas.
It was especially appreciated after a long day of outlet mall shopping.

Back in June, a colleague and I worked seven days straight doing our parts ot make certain that a business conference went without a hitch.
The hotel we were in was huge, so by the end of the week we had clocked many many miles walked and were extremely foot sore and tired.
After all the work was done, we decided to treat ourselves to a foot massage.
We found The Foot Spa while looking through Yelp reviews over dinner and by the time we were done eating it was decided: we're cabbing it to The Foot Spa!
Like a few others here, we were attracted by both the positive reviews and by the 'Yelp Deal"  they have here.
The cabbie found the place without much issue, it's tucked into the back corner of one of the many strip malls in Chinatown.
The owner or manager or whoever he might have been was outside smoking.
Once inside it smelled a tiny bit musty but looked clean enough.
We asked about the special and showed it to them on my phone and they accepted that without issue.
We acclimated to the musty scent quickly enough, it wasn't bad, and settled into our recliners.
We both got the "75-Minute Foot Massage and Ion Detox Package" which started with a foot soak in this wild contraption where the water turned a funny color which apparently varies depending on what sort of toxins the ions are pulling out of your feet.
This was like, 20 minutes or so: we watched a cheesy early 90's Van Damme action flick on the tv.
And then the massages began!
The massages were fantastic :)  I got massaged by this tiny yet very strong lady.
My colleague recently had shoulder surgery and only wanted her feet and calves massaged, which The Foot Spa was glad to accommodate.
I'm pretty sure I fell asleep two-thirds though; it was really nice.
We both agreed that The Foot Spa is a great place and we'd definitely go back when we're back in town.
They treated us well and the service was good.
Well done, Foot Spa!
:)  When you go and you enjoy the 75 minute special, don't forget to tip for full price!!!

I got the deal from Yelp and its my GF's birthday, so we decided to give it a try based on the Yelp rating and the deal.
I guess my expectation was a bit high compared to the massages in CA.
its only 15 bucks and massages were EXCELLENT, but the massage here in NV are mediocre .
the massage here at The Foot Spa we had yesterday was a bit choppy and doesn't flow well.
they are a bit shy on the lotion which hurt my skin, and the massage therapists need more training and look tired and a bit out of shape for the job, but i tipped them 20 bucks for trying.
I wouldn't go back.

Just got a foot and back massage with my girlfriend.
One word Awsome.very professional relaxing.
You won't want to leave.
Do yourself a favor and spend the best hour and a half of your time in Vegas.
Can't wait to go back

What we paid for: "Enjoy a 45-minute foot massage followed by a 30-minute detox foot spa Each massage is custom tailored to your needs -- just let us know and we'll target the areas that most concern you"  What we got: A 30-minute detox foot spa followed by a 40-minute generic neck, shoulder (whilst sitting upright) massage and heavy lotion applied to our calves and shins.
Each massage was not custom tailored to our needs -- when the gentleman started on my shoulders I asked about the foot reflexology that they advertise and we paid for--there was no foot reflexology.
The fact that it's a Yelp Deal advertising a regular price of $58 for a 75-minute foot massage, when the break down is actually only a "45-minute foot massage" doesn't make sense.
I overheard another client quoted $34 for a 60-minute massage.
Clearly not a deal, given the high competition in the area, mostly advertising $19 for 30-minutes of foot reflexology.

This place is great!
Very clean and great massage.
Prob better than most massages I have received in a spa.
Plan on returning as much as possible.
Great prices.

I decided to head in for the first time, used the Yelp discount and was overall impressed with the service and the darling staff.
One of the managers assisted me with directions (it was a little hard to find in the parking lot) and greeted me as soon as I stepped out of my car.
If you're someone who is a decor freak, well the rooms are dimly lit and very basic.
You can't have it all at a discount price.
My massage was great and the ionic detox for your feet was.... interesting.
Overall I'd give this place an A-.
A bigger room with more walls to block out excess chatter from others would have made it great, but I'd recommend this place to anyone!

Good staff, very relaxing massage.
Accomodated pary of 6

My boyfriend and I went here on veterans day (when apparently they were quite busy) and were told it would be a five minute wait for two massage ladies for us.
One arrived about 10 minutes before the other so she started on me first.
We understood they were busy but would have appreciated them telling us how long it was going to be rather than saying "5 minutes" when it definitely was longer than that.
They had to call two girls in from another shop.
The girl working on me was incredibly sweet but unfortunately she didn't know what she was doing :( Most of the time it just HURT..
The staff was very attentive and tried to make sure we had drinks or whatever we needed.
The TV was on the entire time which to me seemed a bit inappropriate in a massage place.
The room is open, with only curtains separating the massage chairs, so whenever someone walks in for a massage it disrupts the entire relaxation thing.
Not nice.
Overall I wasn't very impressed.
And given how many foot massage places are in the area, I probably won't be back to this one.

I recently visited The Foot Spa on a whim.
A friend of mine was visiting and we decided to pamper ourselves.
This place was just the ticket.
For $28 they gave us a 30 minute foot soak and a 1 hour full body massage.
This was a different experience for me since you don't disrobe.
Instead, they massge you through your clothes.
Don't get me wrong, it was still great!
I was so suprised at how great the massage was.
They have rooms with 2 massage chairs that are perfect for couples or for friends hanging out, chatting and getting a great massage.
I highly recommend this place.
Everyone in the spa was extremely polite and gracious.
I will be making a trek back there soon.

My husband and I were in Vegas earlier this month and our feet were really sore from all the walking we had done on the strip so we decided to peruse through the Groupon deals and found one to The Foot Spa that was a pretty good deal.
It was for a detox and foot massage.
The atmosphere was very relaxing.
It's dimly lit and they have soft, soothing music playing.
Everyone talks quietly and the employees are very nice.
Not only did we get a detox and foot massage, they ended up giving us a full body massage which was AWESOME and definitely needed!
They were a bit rough with the massage but they ask if the pressure is ok which would be a good time to be honest and let them know.
I let the lady giving me my massage continue to use pressure because I knew it was the only way to loosen the knots I had.
It was definitely worth the money and they know how to provide great service!

Great service.
More than just a foot massage.
A quiet clean atmosphere for anyone to release all of their stresses

As I walked in someone was there to greet us (I went with a friend).
They were professional and definitely knew what they were doing.
They massaged from my feet to my head.
They also got my back, which felt amazing after a long week.
They offered tea/water once we arrived.
They lotion they used smelt amazing.
It wasn't sticky nor had a strong odor.
I would recommend this foot massage to everyone.

This place is amazing!
I expected to get a foot massage, instead I got a full body massage for an hour!
Of course you can't beat the price, and the ladies are super nice.
Their techniques can top any high end spa masseus on the strip.
I will be going back at least bi-weekly!

I have been to the foot spa twice now and I have walked away from both times feeling energized and renewed.
They do an outstanding job and you get a 10 percent discount for yelp.
I hope that I can come back each and every time I visit Las Vegas.

If u r looking for a great massage go here.
As good as it gets for the price

My friend took me here as a birthday present when I was in town for my birthday.
Okay 4pm, suuuuuuuuper hung over from the night before--this was just what I needed to rev me up for another night of drinking.
This place was amazing....had a great massage and even did the foot detox.
Hmmm.....I'm kinda sketchy about it still but whatever.
This whole queen treatment lasted an hour and a half.
It was heaven.
When I woke up....I was definitely ready for another crazy night on the strip.

After reading some of the reviews on The Foot Spa I decided to make an appointment and take on of my friends.
I am always a little skeptical about places like this in Vegas but I am really glad we went!
The service was AMAZING and the staff could not have been kinder and more genuine if they tried.
The 30 minute foot soak was super relaxing and the 1 hour massage was an excellent way to give my body a well needed tune up.
It was quiet, toasty warm, comfortable and friendly.
I will be making an appointment here at least twice a month to keep my body in line.

Great!!!
Such a good deal and the people there are so nice!

I'm going to start by telling you my masseuse had to take a dump in the middle of my massage.
It was disgusting and I couldn't stop laughing.
Now I'll start from the beginning.
Looking for a cheap massage for my homegirl's bday present, she found The Foot Spa w/ a Yelp Deal: $28 for detox foot bath and massage.
We sat in the parking lot while we made our purchase via cell phone (crazy things the phone does these days!
) and then walked through the door.
We were seated in the dark with the exception of the bright flat screen t.v.
playing a football game in our face.
I waited about 30mins before I finally asked if they would turn it off.
We sat there for 15mins before anyone said anything to us.
The kitchen/breakroom is nearby, so we heard someone warming up their food in the microwave, eating it really fast, and then coming out to service us.
The older Chinese dude came over to put his grimy hands on me and I could tell from the smell of him that it was his ass that was eating.
He stuck my feet in luke warm water with a giant machine attached to it and threw a piece of paper on my lap that explained what the detox was.
It was gibberish and my feet started to hurt really badly.
Scary.
He started my massage and all I could hear was his bubble guts.
Then while I was laying back with my eyes closed I heard him scurry off really fast and slam a door shut.
Sadly, there is only a very thin wall separating the massage space and the toilet, so all my friend and I could hear was him blowing his cakes out.
I didn't hear him wash his hands.
He just walked back over and continued massaging me.
I didn't say anything purely out of humor.
In the middle of the massage another woman kept turning the light on and off and making a lot of noise.
It was distracting, not relaxing at all.
Though my friend seemed to enjoy her massage, I thought it place was a goddamn joke.

Ok so we saw this place while waiting for monta so thought we'd check it out.
We opted for the 50 min reflexology and used the yelp check in offer which was 15% off for my husband andi.
The service nameis misleading in that the actual foot massage part is maybe 10 min, the rest is your back, neck, etc...
I felt like the chairs were not the cleanest for one... And they wash your feet in this like bucket with a plastic bag in it which I didn't like the feel of.
I felt the massage was a little rough and not really customized to what was hurting but just a set routine.
Here is why I was most upset.
During the massage a girl came in the door and my massage guy decided to go help her out.
Well he was with her up front for almost 10 minutes meanwhile my husband is still getting a massage....yet we ended at the same time.
I feel a little ripped off when I feel I was owed 10 min of massage.
He actually got up twice to help her.. Why don't they have enough people to not have masseuses having to answer the door??
Will prob not be back as the massage wasn't that great for me to consider giving them more of my money.

I took my two daughters today.
We had a great time.
We were not too sure what to expect from the ionic detox foot treatment.
The girls had fun watching the water change colors.
We had a full body message afterwards.
Very comfortable and were offered hot tea.
What a value!
We got a great special.
We were there an hour and 45 minutes for about $50 a piece WITH TIP!
Joe gave a great massage!
Going back soon!

Amazing!
Went to this location on Thursday during a busy week at CES.
my co-worker and i got the yelp special.
he's a big guy so he got a male therapist.
ihad a female little bit of a lady.
While i was over there cringing (in a good way) my friend was asking for more pressure.
dont let the size fool you, i was having low back issues and this woman had her whole body on my back working my lower back.
it was awesome!
The foot massage portion was fantastic for both of us.
before i went in, i could barely walk b/c w walked so much; afterwards, i was able to dance :-)

I am a First time client at this place and definitely will be coming back every time we come to las vegas.
Not only they charge very cheap massage, this place is just appealing to come in and they did such a wonderful job.
They were 4 of us that did the massage at the same time and we were pleased with the results.

Very good.
Professional.
$20 for 1 hour great deal.
#ces2013 come here.

Had a great massage, actually they gave us a full body massage clothes on, not just a foot rub.
Ion bath was interesting, but I think you could skip that part.
If glitz is your thing, if you want a great massage for the money then this is your spot!
I would definitively go again!

This place was wonderful!
very relaxing and very affordable.
walked out feeling amazing.

This place is awesome!
One of the best foot massages I'd had so far.
The masseuse took his time to press all those stressed pressure points like is supposed to be.
Very courteous staff and very relaxing ambiance inside.
You truly feel pampered.
Definitely will go back.

My husband and I really enjoyed the Foot Spa.
The massage was relaxing, and the offer of tea at the outset was a nice bonus.
The people were friendly and professional.
We will definitely return and recommend this place to our friends.

Very professional.
The spa was quiet and tranquil.
My bff and I made a reservation for 2 and were promptly put in a dark room with 2 chairs.
We used the Living Social coupon for the 75 min ion for bath and massage.
AMAZING!
The foot bath grossed us out because the water changed color (ours turned orange) but the shoulder and neck massage was divine.
The foot and lower leg massage was wonderful.
I felt all parts received equal attention.
Will definitely come back again!

I don't know how this place has got its stars!!!!
we were six of us and only two were partially satisfied.
the lady massaging me, was on the phone non-stop.
she got at least 10 calls before I started keeping count which was 8 call.
so she got like 18 calls while massaging me.
basically I got a ONE HAND foot massage!!!

Bad!!!
How a place can get a four star???
OMG!!!
we was 6 people, and was bad!!!
One the lady give 1 hand massage to my boyfriend when the other hand she was on the phone the whole time!
My other friend, this guy put so much lotion on hes leg, was crazy, and my co worker, they change people for massage her, and the second one was in the phone 3 times!!!
Overall was the worse foot massage we ever have, we never want to comeback to this place, and I totally tell anyone to go!
The person gave me a massage, My neck he done some was painful for 3 days...
I'm a member in Yelp, and I always make fun of my boyfriend believe on this rates, so this place on yelp say a 4 star, I no want even give one, and all them agree with me!!!
Just go with you own RISK!!

You get what you pay for.
We came here for the yelp special, but after our massage, the guy charged us again even after we showed our yelp voucher.
We had to go back into the store to get our money back.
It seems like we waited for workers from another location because we didn't get service right away.
Again, it isn't a foot massage but a full body rub.
It was a little disappointing after seeing all the great reviews.

So I found this place originally by seaching Las Vegas Spa on Groupon.
Whenever traveling I always try to live like the locals a little, Groupon has made it a good way to plan in advance and save money.
After finding "The Foot Spa" on Groupon, I look it up on yelp to find a bunch of great reviews plus a YELP DEAL that was a much better deal than Groupon (The Foot Spa seems a little flexible with their prices)   $28 for a 30 minute detox soak followed by 60 minutes "foot massage"     Yes, I'll take it!
The Foot Spa by no means is unique in its business.
It is located about 3 miles west of the strip on Spring Mountain Road and Decatur.
I have never been to Chinatown in Vegas prior to this, however the number of Foot Spas there are in this area reminds me of some twlight zone shit.
Some are open 24 hours....
I am not sure if Chinatown just loves reflexology or if I'm being naive and some of the foot spas are... nevermind  I had called and made an appointment and locked in our price with the Yelp deal (but I don't think you need a Groupon or Yelp to make a deal with them)   A few customers came in and had already agreed on a price with the Foot Spa from calling and making an appointment.
I think 30 dollars for a 60 minute massage is around standard price.
My detox foot soak was very nice.
My three girlfriends and myself were able to sit 4-in-a-row, sip on tea, and watch tv (yes, I requested to change the channel - they don't mind)  I am not sure if I totally believe in the detox soak or at least I'm not sold on it yet.
The color of my water was deep orange.
Supposely the toxins were coming out of my joints.
Once my 30 minute soak was complete, I was scheduled to get a 60 minute foot massage.
I thought a 60 minute foot massage sounded like a long time to have someone rub your feet.
Well, "foot massage" was actually a full body massage.
I am not sure why they call it a foot massage.
You leave your clothes on beause you're not in a private room.
It's kinda like a chair massage you see in malls.
Don't let anything I'm saying fool you though, this was the best masssage I've ever had.
Just prepare yourself, this isn't a 5 star spa -- it is nice, quiant, and clean place and gives dank massages...  And let me remind you of the price, $28 for a 30 minutes soak and 60 minute full body massage (The Encore is $160 for a 45 minute massage that wasn't half as good - much prettier aesthetically though)   Nonetheless - 5 stars!
You just have to be ready for a $10 cab ride or a 3 mile walk and some authentic Chinese Vegas Culture.
I could see why someone might be annoyed for truckin' out here -- but I still recommend doing it.
If you're a travel bargain hunter/shopper like me, I also recommend the outmall mall that's off the strip -- It's the Las Vegas Premium Outlets North, it never disappoints.

I've been in Vegas for almost 5 years, so I've seen a zillion signs for "foot rubs", "food spa", and "foot fill-in-the-blank", but never summoned the courage to check it out until recently.
Let me tell you: this is not just a foot rub.
It's a soak in mineral water, followed by reflexology, followed by a leg/shoulder/back (over-the-clothes) massage.
The whole thing lasted about an hour and a half!
Then they gave me some tea and sent me to float out through the door.
Super relaxing and affordable.

Went here with my wife the day after arriving in Vegas since she found it in Yelp.
This place is located in Chinatown, next to the other 150 foot spa locations.
Upgraded for 8 dollars more for a longer massage after checking in which wasn't a bad deal.
Not bad overall, but I still prefer going to Bali where we can get a two hour couples massage for about $15 US.
I'm guessing there are better spas near the strip, but that would seriously be cutting into my beer and gambling funds.

Of Note: We went to this place back in Nov 2012.
Located off the strip along the infamous Vegas Chinatown along with several other similar and typical "foot spas," it is small and very dark inside.
Oddly it was busy in the middle of the afternoon.
I dont have a lot to say about this one.
Just a weird experience.
We did some sorta "detox" treatment and they placed this electrode like instrument in the foot soak and sometime later the water turned a strange color.
This was their "proof" that it had drawn out the poisons from our body...WHATEVER!

Forget the Strip and the expensive spa services offered at the big resort/casinos and do yourself a favor by making an appointment at The Foot Spa.
My wife and I decided to give it a try on our anniversary.
Hands down this was the best massage I've ever had and it cost $20 each for an hour.
I literally left in a euphoric state.
You don't get just a foot massage.
It's pretty much a full body massage while you're still clothed.
If they press too hard just tell them and they lighten up.
If I lived in Las Vegas, I would treat myself and my wife to weekly massages here.
It's just so good and such a great value.
Don't forget to tip...What a find.

Ok...
I had a Groupon and I am officially hooked.
I had never been to a place like this and now I will put them in my monthly budget.
I have to admit I was skeptical but Julie put that all away.
I am glad that I found this place on Groupon.
Thanks for a wonderful experience.

On Sat/13 Apr went here with a friend and The Foot Spa was ok. - I like how it's in Seoul Plaza where Big Wong's, Raku, Monta, Kilroys are located.
- The Foot Spa gives discounts (no Yelp voucher purchase required) if you simply ask.
- At first I didn't like the massage but the male masseuse adjusted his technique based on my directions so it became a good massage.
I did leave the place feeling relaxed.
- My buddy enjoyed the massage he got.
If he was a Yelper (he said he's never even heard of this website) I'd guess he'd give them a 4 or 5 star.

I've been to the Foot Spa once, so far, via a Living Social coupon.
I didn't know what to expect, but I must say that I was pleasantly surprised by my experience.
Except for rude women clients chattering in there, it was very relaxing and will definitely be going back.

I want to take a minute to express the way I feel about the poor service that I encounter at this place .
I bought a  Groupon deal  to give this place a try .
I was greeted at the door by a tall Asian woman  who asked me if I wanted to get a massage and I said yes she stood up and started  to walk me to the message area so I can get the service as soon as I told her I had groupon she automatic stopped and turn around and took me to the door and told me that I couldn't get a message  with out an appointment .
There was only one person getting their feet rubbed in the whole place mind you this happen on a weekday at 1 pm  .
I asked her why you obviously not busy and you were ready to give me the message .
She said in  her poor poor English no no we busy we busy you can only used the coupon after  7 pm and you need to make a appointment in a very rude way like I was stealing from them she said that's the rules of the coupon you can only use it after 7 pm .
I proceed to read all the policy's of the groupon and there was no where in the terms that particular offer can be used after a certain time .
I explained that to her she said no no go and called someone on the phone who obviously I didn't understand because there was speaking what I believe was Korean but that time I got very upset there was no way I was coming back at night time to use their facilities  and by the way I was treated she open the door and told me to get out .what this place doesn't know is that I am a wedding planner that sends thousands  of brides and brides maids to local places to get messages and get pamper before there special day .
I want everyone to know  including my brides and everyone I meet to know how horrible this place is as far a customer service .
I felt nothing but insulted .
I got my money back from groupon who told me them selfs that was completely unprofessional  there was no time restrictions on the time this groupon can be used and gladly refunded my money .
With that said I went to Master spa down the road where  I had a wonderful and relax time.

DELICIOUS massage!
Very attentive staff.
And open SUPER late!
We're always psyched to find another Chinese Foot Massage spot.
Will definitely be back on our next Vegas trip!
It's a short ride (1-2 miles) from the strip, in China Town.
My only complaint was the wait...we fell asleep in the lobby while waiting for our turn.
LoL!
But it was worth the wait.

Fantastic Foot Massage!!!!
Definitely a repeat customer for life

Coming from HI, there is no "cheap" anything (except a day at the beach !
) so I just couldn't pass up a "cheap" reflexology massage....Asian style!
Found this place on YELP and got a the check-in deal.
$21/hour but decided to get the  upgrade for longer massage $31.
Now my actual massage was very good,  four star worth.
The lady actually put me to sleep for a little while which is hard to do.
So why only 3 star?
Well this is why...  Spring Mountain road, I mean Chinatown, is practically littered with foot and/or massage places.They're EVERYWHERE.
There's places advertising as little as $19/hour in nice and newer looking strip malls.
Coming off the 15 (I was staying on the Strip), The Foot Spa is at the way  end of Spring Mountain Road and really tucked away in a rinky dink shopping corridor.
In other words, it's in the cuts of a suspect looking area.
And although my massage was good, the interior itself was just okay.
It was really dark in there so you couldn't really see a whole lot but it didn't stand out to me as being totally nice just clean enough.
I've had enough reflexology done in enough different cities, countries and states to know that I could find something a little more to my liking/standards.
Again, the people working there were super, super nice and it was great massage but I could easily try another place .
So I'm not yet a fan of this place until I can try others in the vicinity now that I know what the vicinity looks like...  Pros: -Great massage; the technicians were quiet and focused the whole time -Very friendly and courteous staff  Cons: -Location -Blah interior ,

My friends and I were visiting Vegas and figured we'd spoil ourselves to a nice foot massage.
Not being locals, we randomly picked this place based off of yelp reviews.
We called in and made an appointment for 3.
When we didn't show up on time, we received a text from The Foot Spa asking if we were ok.  We apologized and confirmed that we were on our way but running late.
They texted us the address and said they'd see us soon.
When we arrived 15 minutes late, we were greeted by 4 people.
We were lead to a private room where my girls and I got to feel like it was our special area to chit chat and relax.
We opted for the upgraded $30  foot massage which is 40 minute  body massage and 20 minute foot massage.
It was sooo worth it!
My GF kept saying, "you're really good!
" to her masseuse.
The masseur I had had alot of finesse and the right amount of strength.
I live in San Jose and we have a million foot massage places in the area but none compare to this one in Vegas.
The massage therapists here are very respectful and don't chat amongst eachother in chinese.
They understand a significant amount of English so you can advise them on things you like or dislike.
The next time I'm in Vegas and I have a car, I will be stopping by here again

I really enjoyed my hour at the FOOT SPA.
It isn't just about the feet though.
I was thoroughly relaxed by my message by Yen, a lovely, friendly girl, who although small, did a great job kneading all the knots out of my body.
I will definitely be going back there once a month or more.
She did a great job for 1/3 the price I usually pay- and I felt more relaxed coming out of there then after an hour with candles and robes etc... at my local spa.
Both girls I met there were very nice and although English was a little limited- I didn't go there to converse.
I went there to relax- mission accomplished!

Great place to relax and getaway from the vegas strip!
Lots of competition near by but I was completely satisfied!

They have 2 locations.
I went to the 4770 location, but have been to both.
I Love this spa.
I use to be a member of message envy last year I was given a gift certificate to the Foot SPA.
I have since cancelled my membership with message envy and now go to the FOOT SPA.
If you have never been to a Foot Spa, treat yourself at least once.
The people and the owners at this Foot SPA make for a wonderful experience and if you don't go it really is your lost.
Do your self a favor and go to the FOOT SPA you will not regret it.

Will DEFINATELY be back!!
This was so relaxing!
I surprised my husband with a pre-purchased certificates for both of us to go and experience The Foot Spa, knowing he would never do this on his own!
He was a bit skeptical at first, but it turned out to be a really nice evening.
We upgraded to the ion foot bath when we got there, which was enlightening.
It's amazing to see the toxins that come out of your feet!
While our feet were soaking, we each received a head, neck, arm, and leg massage, (a man worked on my husband, while a woman gave me my massage) Then they rinsed off our feet, had us turn onto our stomachs and massaged our backs!
They finished us off with a good foot massage and a cup of warm tea.
This was a great treat!
Thank you!

I was looking for an affordable place to get a massage while staying in Las Vegas.
I am a type of person who looks for real massage versus aromatherapy type of spa.
The massage you will get here is very decent.
It's not a spa type place so don't expect the serenity.
There is some noise.
It's a big room with shades and dividers but we will hear noises and conversations.
There is no bed.
All the chairs lean back into a bed with face hole.
The chairs are very comfy.
The price is unbeatable.
I got a 90 minutes massage including body and foot and I paid $45, plus $10 tip on top.
It's very close to The Wynn Hotel and Treasure Island.
This place is in Chinatown.
Make sure you go to the right one.
There are many "foot massage" places in Chinatown with THE SAME NAME.

This place was great!
My GF and I went in for massages and we both had an excellent experience.
Our attendants were respectful, courteous, and asked many times if the pressure was ok.
The massage was thorough from head to toe and I left feeling like a million bucks!
We will be repeat customers.

This place is heaven.
Only thing I don't like is someone usually ends up falling asleep during their massage near me and snores.
Wake them up!!!!
It's distracting.

BEST $21 SPENT EVER!
Make sure you check-in on Yelp to get the $21 60 minute foot massage deal!
You can upgrade and add $9 to have more focus on your neck and back.
The $21 deal actually a full body massage and they focus more time on your feet.
It was one of the best massages I've gotten and I've been to the nice and fancy spas, but this was just so good for only $21!

It was ok for the price, and taking for consideration they are not professional masseurs.
What really upset me was at the end the persons who massage me and my friend were there by the register waiting for the tips, felt like soliciting.
It wasn't not their fault but the owner/manager who didn't trained them to not to do that.

Never been to any foot massage before.
I was surprised that it was actually fully clothed full body massage.
My massage therapist was Joe, he is an old Asian man, really strong.
I got a really good massage.
The place is small but really clean, everybody are nice.
Very Happy!

There are so many foot spas in the area its hard to choose, but this place is amazing.
The environment is so relaxing.
My friend and I got to be in the same room and sit back to enjoy.
Everyone is really nice and want you to be comfortable.
I will for sure be back!

I am a fan!
I enjoy The Foot Spa, specifically the Zen location becuase it is professional, clean, quiet, and I feel well taken care of!
They fit me in, no scheduling issues and the massage itself was heavenly!
No major issues, only good things to report.

You can't beat the deal or the service here.
I'd like to have this type of deal where I live.
$20 for an hour, but of course I tipped $10.
It's a foot massage combined with a head, neck, leg and back massage.
There are numerous places in and around this area, but due to the reviews this is one of the places I went and I would go back again.
Just remember that this is a place of relaxation, so please don't go in and be loud or continue to talk to your friends.

The massage was just "ok", without the yelp special it is $38 for a 1 hour.
You can get a one hour for $20 just up the street at several establishments.
I usually frequent Bali Foot Spa, where I will continue to go.
They are consistently busy and this place definitely was not.
I could hear someone eating in the back room during my session.
I most likely will not return.

Worst experience ever, first I asked for female masseuse and had to wait for her to come from other shop.
By the way I did the yelp offer so it was only 20$ paid up frt.
So she shows up And first thing out of her mouth is I need $20 so I explained to her that I had Already paid up front so she had to get with the gentleman that I had paid to make sure I guess.
Then the whole massage was pretty horrible she received five phone calls during the massage which she answered and talk to whoever so therefore I didn't tip her when I left and her and her boss came chasing me down the sidewalk which I thought was ridiculous at any rate won't be going back wouldn't recommend it to anyone either

I liked it.
It was a tiny bit awkward as no one spoke, as in.... AT ALL!
The guy I got seemed to sense where I needed to be rubbed and concentrated there.
It would be frustrating to have sex with him as every time he got distracted he lost his rhythm, but also because I was with my daughter, mom, and I think his wife.Luckily, that didn't come up.
But when they got done everyone just walked away.
Took us a while to figure out they were through with us!
Lo a solid hour stats for pressure though.

This place is a hidden gem!
High quality massage in a relaxing and comfortable environment.
Peter (the owner?
) was welcoming and accommodating - and my girlfriend got a free mini-gift b/c we were 1st time yelpers!
I was shocked to see the prices - seriously a great deal when compared to the Vegas Strip prices!
Bonus tip - great post place to visit after a nice meal at Raku

Hello yelpers!!
I found this great place thanks to all these great reviews.
My experience at The Foot Spa was a good one, I came on a Friday around 2pm there was but one other person there.
Benjamin was at my service and he spoke good English.
I received a full body compression, neck rub, scalp rub, arm and hand compressions these all felt GREAT and I walked out feeling much better (I woke up with an achy back plus I'm a massage therapist so I'm constantly sore) it felt great and I'm very happy.
i"ll be back!

the massage was good, not great but very good.
the experience starts off wrong however since when I showed up with my Yelp deal in hand they showed me that the every day deal is the $38 massage reduced to $20 so when I bought the special deal, it really was the every day deal at the store.
Outside of that it was a nice hour.

Yelp's deal that they have $20 for a $38 massage is the best deal.
Very polite did a good job.
I went back and had a groupon for a ion detox plus massage $29 for $58 deal, not as pleased with the massage at all but if you do anything get the $20 massage special from yelp hands down awesome

Amazing, about 20 dollars for the best massage!!!
Very friendly staff, no wait, and 20 bucks for an hour full body massage , very clean too!
Therapist was excellent, and made sure I was comfortable.
They charge 1 dollar to use your credit card so it comes to 21 plus tip, best deal in town.

My husband and I were visiting Vegas for a short weekend and we decided we wanted to get some form of a massage, but didn't want to pay strip prices.
I decided to make an appointment at The Foot Spa after reading all of the wonderful reviews on Yelp.
The place was pretty easy to find and only a few short miles from the strip.
It's located in a primarily Korean shopping center.
Cool.
We called ahead and made an appointment.
We arrived on time and were promptly escorted to our massage area.
Now, I know what I was going to be expecting at a place like this as I frequent one similar in my hometown.
Every thing started off great until my massage person came in.
I am solely basing this review on my massage alone, my husband enjoyed his massage very much and even feel asleep and was snoring.
I'm going to start off by saying that my massage person must have just broken up with her boyfriend or something because I was basically tapped and punched through out the whole massage.
I asked her to be more gentle about half way through and that lasted for about a second.
My whole "massage" basically went like this...tap tap tap, knead knead knead, punch punch.
It was truly un-enjoyable and almost unbearable at times...I would have tenderized a piece of meat more gently than the massage I was given.
The guy at my nail salon gives a better FREE neck and shoulder massage for 10 minutes than this place.
"Sorely" disappointed.
Pun intended.

It was ok.
I had the $20 deal but they said they would do another 30 minutes for $15 more, not $9.
So I stuck with $20/1 hr.
The service was just ok, the lady who performed my service had one long nail and she kept scratching my head, toes, legs with it.
It was creepy and didn't feel good.
She just seemed unexperienced with giving massages.
I will not be going back.

This place is overrated!
I yelped before coming here, and thought I will have a good experience.
The masseuse of mine was not putting pressure on my feet, all he did was like rubbing the feet as I was having a shower.
He didn't put pressure on them.
My friend's masseuse was doing the massage well, yet he is always on his phone.
Come on, can't he put his phone down for freaking one hour?!
Not coming back here!
And as I know, spring mountain has other affordable places!

chinatown's hidden gem.
you can't beat $20/hr massages.
they also offer $30 for a more intensive deep tissue massage but i opted for the basic one, which was amazing enough.
they start by massaging your face and scalp (i asked the lady to not touch my face because i had makeup on and she respected my wish) then work their way to your shoulders down to your feet.
a tiny girl named nana was my masseuse and i was pleasantly surprised at her strength and pressure despite her size.
she hit all the right spots and had me craving for more.
(i usually liked my massages super rough and hard and she definitely delivered it) i am definitely asking for her the next time i come in.
keep in mind this place isn't your average white people massage parlor, it isn't fancy but it's clean and the prices are amazing in my book.

'Deep tissue' $30/hr.
Receptionist sat me and placed a bucket of warm water to soaked my feet.
10mins later, reflexologist Tina showed up.
-10min of shoulder massage while sitting up.
Pressure was good.
-10mins of top of head/front temple massage.
My hair stylist Jen (Vision Salon) does it better.
-5-8mins of arm/hand.
Aside from when she use her body weight on my collarbone, it felt like she just lotioned me up.
-7mins each foot.
Mostly focused on toes where she scratches it with her nails with a little rub with her knuckles on the outside of my foot.
Wish she had massage the bottom like you'd expect from a foot massage, inside of focusing on rubbing my shins or the skin&bone parts or my foot.
No calf massage either.
-10mins back rub while you lay on your stomach.
This was relaxing and worth it.
Overall it was slightly relaxing, but I think there is room for improvement.
Ie.
actually massage the muscles instead rubbing the boney parts.
It takes more effort but I think if you says its deep tissue, it should be a massage not a skin rub.

My husband and I stopped in for a foot rub and got the most relaxing reflexology experience for $20 plus tip.
We will be back for sure.
Quiet, soothing, amazing

After two days of pool parties and clubbing in Vegas, the girls and I were in need of some serious foot pampering before getting on the plane to head home.
The Foot Spa did not disappoint!
One hour long foot and full body massage for only $20!
We felt so refreshed after...it was exactly what our barking dogs needed!

Best service and massage..
Ask for Joe, if  you don't mind a male  massues .

My sister and I were visiting Las Vegas and on our way to the ramen place when we accidentally discovered The Foot Spa, too.
It was serendipity.
Luckily for us they could take us after lunch.
We each had the $20 basic foot massage for one whole hour of foot massage.
We were offered some time for our shoulders and neck but we declined because our dogs were howling!
It was the best money we spent in Vegas!
Let me tell you, it was so wonderful!
You just need to tell the masseuse to adjust the pressure to your liking if it is not enough or too much pressure.
They have powerful and healing hands!
My feet and calves felt so much better after the massage and it was like I was walking on clouds afterwards.
What a terrificl experience and we'll be back on our next trip.
Thank you!

I definitely want to make this part of my weekly routine.
Boyfriend and I went here after a particularly stressful week for both of us, and we were well taken care of.
It was a legit foot massage place, nothing hinky found here.
They were able to work out the knots in my shoulders, and my feet felt fantastic afterward.
I would absolutely suggest this place if you're looking for something relaxing that doesn't cost an arm and a leg.

0 star   Really?
I can't believe this place has all these positive reviews.
We went there after yelps advice.
And OMG were we disappointed!!!!!
First parking was tight due to many restaurants sharing the same lot.
After we finally found a space after 5 mins, We walked in and the first thing greeted us was this unpleasant moldy dirty odor!
GROSS!
Then after a minute of standing there like idiots, a small built Asian guy finally comes out...
He was very rude and spoke almost no English.
We asked him what is the luxury massage, his rolled his eyes and said...yeah yeah lucsilly masage yeah yeah.
Ok, he obviously didn't care to have 2 more customers.
x_x  alright...we re happy to get the heck ut of there...my eyes were starting to itch perhaps due to the odor maybe...?
The brief few minutes of being in this shop was the most unwelcoming, unprofessional  and unfriendly experience out f all the places we've frequented this trip.
Needless to say, we left.
We went to Royal foot care.
had a great time there and decided to go back for a 2 hr session tomorrow before our flight.
Lots of other $20/hr massages all over Vegas...go spend your money elsewhere that appreciates customers.

Bought the $20 for $38 deal and went in the same day.
Walked in with my Yelp app open and the lady at the front had no idea what it even was or that she was even aware that she had a page on Yelp.
I just wanted to get two massages and use the voucher to pay for almost all of it.
So I told her and I think since our native languages were different, lines were crossed but she had no idea of how the voucher worked.
Me and my friend almost were arguing with her, and then after the manager on the phone, who still had no idea how the voucher worked.
Although we showed the "checked in" page for a $20/hr massage and it stated on a sign out front AND inside, the management didn't understand our request to get two massages.
I just wanted to get two massages and they kept on asking for another number or trying to charge us $38 for one massage.
We left, and aren't coming back.
It was dingy on the inside and very small, and there was a dead pigeon on the front patio.
Try Bali Foot Spa down Spring Mountain and stay far away.

I have been here three times: early morning New Year's Day, late night after my last grad school paper, and this afternoon after a kettlebell session really killed my traps, and I have had the same great experience every time.
A woman welcomes me, I'm shown to the single room on the right (there are also chairs in the main room and a couple's room), she assures me that the massage therapist will adjust pressure according to my needs, and leaves.
I have had the same man every time and he's amazing.
I don't talk to him because he does everything perfectly - I didn't tell him my traps were sore today, but he definitely spent more time there.
It starts with feet in hot water while he works my upper back, then lay down while he works my scalp and shoulders, then arms, then feet and calves with lotion, then flip over for calves, quads, glutes, and back.
He always goes for the full hour (unlike other places where part of your time is spent in a 'relaxation room' and undressing/dressing).
Take a shower beforehand, wear some comfy pants, and enjoy!
It's the perfect inexpensive way to treat yourself!

We bought the $20 for $38 deal on yelp and went to get two foot massages.
Wen we walked in it was really dark and we actually questioned if it was actually open or not.
The lady at the front didn't speak English and didn't understand the deal that we had purchased but was still trying to convince me that it was only worth $20.
This went on for about 10 minutes then she finally brought us back to a seat and said we will w with you in 20 minutes.
She got on the phone with someone and came back to me like 3 times telling me that I owed them $20.
After arguing some more, she disappeared for 15 more minutes and we walked out.
I am trying to contact Yelp to get my money back because I never redeemed the voucher and was extremely disappointed.
I have NO IDEA how they have the rating that they do.
I would highly recommend staying away from this place.

This is NOT a manicure/pedicure place.
This is a hybrid massage/pedicure business.
I have to start by stating that I am not a regular foot/pedicure person.
I've gone one other time in my life.
This, however, was not what I expected on this night.
I agreed after dinner to try another pedicure/foot massage with my wife.
We searched for nearby good deals and highly rated places.
The Foot Spa is in the same shopping plaza as our dinner plans.
Thinking ahead, we purchased two coupons from Yelp.
($20 for $38)  Noticing that the place was open until midnight, we had dinner, and then made our way over.
We arrived at 10:30pm on a Thursday.
The place was dark, lit only by the television that was on.
The TV was on mute, and all was quiet.
There were three employees present, only one of them knew a little English.
One employee spent the entire time outside on the telephone.
The place smelled like a bathroom.
We tried to explain that we had coupons, and what we wanted done (foot soak, foot rub).
They had us sit down, remove our shoes, all that stuff.
As we soaked our feet, two of the employees started awkwardly rubbing our head, neck, and shoulders.
After our feet soaked for a while, they began to rub our feet.
No problems there, but nothing special at all.
We asked them to clean the dead skin off, and after a bit of back and forth explaining, they did (it is on their "menu").
When they were finished, they asked us to lay down so that they could do a back rub.
I said no, and began to put my shoes on, and while I was doing that, they began to rub my back while I was lacing up my shoes.
After being there for an hour, we finally got to leave.
Including the two "$20 for $38" coupons that we purchased ($40 out of pocket total), we were charged an additional $71 for services.
Grand total:  $111 for 60 minutes of service.

After a long weekend in Vegas this is the place to go.
Great prices and an amazing job!

My tail is between my legs for taking almost 6 months to share how WONDERFUL my experience was.
My technician, a lady by the name of Dani (?
), knows her stuff.
Even though I wanted her to focus on my legs and feet, she also spent a fair amount of time on my shoulders, lower back, and neck.
She has the "right" touch.
My neck seemed to firm up by her massaging and lotions...I felt so young!
I felt so good!
I am sad that I have yet to return.
I tend to work very long days and seldom leave my area of town.
As a local, I should make and take the time to treat myself and this is place is worth the drive and time.
GO!

My Girl Loved the message.
But it was a little awkward for me as a guy messaged me.
They spoke barely any english but are very nice and place is relaxing.
$20 each for an Hour and Tipped 15$ Each Because It was earned.
Next time i will speak up and ask for a women, i learned the hard way.
LOL

Had a very good experience and also it was a deal.
Checked in on Yelp for the 30 dollars for an hour.

Wife and I definitely enjoyed the massage.
I think we will be going back in a day or 2...

We were drawn to this place because of good reviews on Yelp.
my massage technician probably didn't know much of the move so she just kept doing the same move again and again.
I asked her to change the move but she would change for a bit and get back to the old move.
The pressure was ok.
Her skills were below average if you compare with other Chinese massage.
I wonder if it's because it was 90-minute massage and they only do 60-min so she ran out of moves?
The funny thing happened after the massage.
They charged us $45 for 90-min massage.
We tipped them $10/each, which was more than 20% tip.
My technician came out and asked "that's it?!
No more?
" I told her it was just a-ok massage.
She was kind pissed off and kept saying "no more?!
", which really annoyed me.
And then we asked the manager to call is a cab to get back to our hotel.
She picked up the phone, dialed and start speaking...Chinese.
then she told us that it would take the cab 30 mins to get there so she had to call someone from her company to take us back.
That was BS!
There was no way you can't get a cab in Vegas at night with more than 15 mins.
And I would be darned if you can call a cab in Chinese.
The driver came and said "$20 to go back to Bellagio".
If you get a cab, it will be around $15.
So from a just below average massage, with those 2 BS moments, I really want to give it 1 star.
But because it is the holiday, I gave them 2 stars.
That is what I can give more, not any more tip for that technician.
If you decide to go anywhere, read the recent reviews.

The worse massage i have gotten any where.
Felt like i was getting my head scratched instead of massaged.
The head scratching went on for about twenty minutes.
The foot massage was even worse.
Felt like i was getting tickled instead of massaged.
There was no pressure at all.
Would not recommend this place unless u want to waste an hour of your life.

I've been 1/2 dozen times now and have made a believer out of several friends.
It's not just a foot spa.
Its a secret hide out of tranquility.
They give you the whole body rub down.
Clothes on but oh so nice.
Not creepy like many might think of a 24 hour massage place.
Right in the heart of las vegas's china town.
$20 for a basic, 1 hour massage.
Worth the stop any time, day or night!!
I'm a believer for sure!

I have always liked this one.
The people are nice.
I wish they would be quieter when conducting their business up front.
Otherwise the place is clean, the price is amazing.
I get the hour long massage but it's never enough.
I tried the detox foot thing...
It was interesting to try.

My foot massage was ok.
If i hadnt bought a living social deal I would have probably never went here.
Its tucked away behind a run down shopping center, super dark on the inside, kinda creepy.
My therapist had rough calloused hands, it was just a wierd expirence overall.

Horrible, horrible, horrible !!!
Flew in last night and used yelp for a recommendation for a couples massage.
Wife wanted a body $50/hr , I got a foot $20/hr...
The masseuse hurt my wife more than helped her relaxed.
Mine was ok.  Will never ever come back to this place.
Yelpers who gave anything higher than one star should be ashamed of themselves.
I m from San Diego and we have better $20 massages there, stay AWAY !!!!

We stopped by this spot, located in the same plaza and Monta and Raku, after finding another spot closed and Yelping similar places in the area.
Prior to heading down there we called to make a reservation.
After hanging up they texted their address, unsolicited, which was a nice touch I guess (or creepy depending on how you look at it).
The place was clean with a few semi-private areas for couples.
It wasn't busy and the wife and I immediately headed back to an area where our massages took place.
We started with out feet in water while they worked on our backs and shoulders.
After that we laid down and they continued to work on our necks, shoulders, arms and feet.
It was so enjoyable that I started to doze off.
It's $20 for a basic foot massage and $30 for what we got -- the deep tissue massage.

Small, uninviting, rough and the bright LED in front of the massage chairs is distracting.
Not to mention very unprofessional.
As our days in Vegas slowly came to an end, my girl friend recommended that we get massages at this location because it's her favorite place.
I was massaged by an old man who hardly used ANY oil.
It literally felt like a drop for each body part, and went completely rough on my head - which wasn't hurting to begin with, but was pounding by the time he was done.
I didn't like his technique AT ALL.
Afterwards I asked my girl friend how her massage was, and even she said hers sucked!
I regret coming here, and regret even tipping him $5 for his poor skills.

My massage was amaze-balls!
I bought the LivingSocial deal for 15-minute ionization detox and 60-minute hot stone reflexology foot massage.
I would skip the ionization next time -- soaking feet is fine but I doubt the ionization does much.
The reflexology massage, however, is for real!
My sinuses feel clear now!
This was so much more than a foot massage.
My neck, scalp, shoulders, arms, back, and legs got a thorough treatment.
The masseur worked out knots I didn't know I had.
Personally, I like this kind of massage where I keep my clothes on.
And who wants to talk while they are being massaged?
The lack of speaking was a plus in my book.

Nothing completes a vacation like a massage!
Cheap and awesome massage off the strip and it's in a plaza with lots of great eats!
The girls that worked us were both really good and made my back and feet sing after the long walks on the strip.
It seriously was the best $21 spent ever!

Never again.
Massage was ok. Staff was really rude.
Associate said because of special I was supposed to leave at least 20% tip.
She called me cheap.
Wth.
Whats the point of having a special if im required to leave a certain amount for a tip.
Never again.

I think with foot massage places, it's really a hit or miss depending on the masseuse that you get.
I got a man who massage me, and it was absolutely amazing.
It's perfect to stop by here after finishing up your meal in the complex.
It's immediately next to Monta ramen and Raku.
Can't really go wrong with that to stroll over here a couple of feet away.
It was clean, and spacious enough.
The towels were alright.
It's not my first massage, and i want to give it a 4 star cuz of the guy I had.

Got the job done !!
Was it the best?
No, but for $20 + 6 tip per person, we are happy with the bill.. For a whole hour !!..
Great deal!!
compare to Vegas prices.
They don't just rub your feet.
They work on your head, shoulders, and your fingers,  .
She even climb on my back.
And work out my shoulder blazes.. Was shocked at first..
But she was tiny, so she wasn't heavy.. .
I never got that before ..
hour well spend

Tip more than what you should or you will hear mumbled under the breath "Cheap".
If this business can not appreciate their customers there are many other foot massage places to go.
$20 foot massage, nothing more and tipped between $5-10.
Massage was good, no complaints.
It was the young lady processing the transaction while the person massaged waited to see what was the tip.

I like this foot spa because of its ambience and message therapists.
I got a good acupressure foot massage after soaking my feet in warm ionically charged water.
Also included deep tissue back, neck, arm and hand massage.
Male therapist does deeper reflexology.
Place stands out in Chinatown for $20 foot massages.

This will be my last visit here.
It has gone downhill as they have upped their prices and decreased the quality of service.
My last visit was rife with constant attempts to upsell and tip hustling in broken English and with a smart-phone-translation app throughout the massage.
With all the massage-reflexology joints littering this part of town there are better options to seek out.

The spas ambience is pretty nice for the price ($20/hr).
I felt welcomed and greeted with some tea but the quality of the massage is worth only only star.
I paid $20 for someone to help lotion me up...that's it.

Very clean and professional.
Tina did an hour deep tissue and I left feeling amazing!
I will definitely be visiting Tina again!

Thanks to the yelpers we ended up here....Husband and i made a last minute stop before getting on our flight home.
We opted for the deeep tissue massage special $30/hour each.
Got a full body massage (clothes on) and foot massage.
We both loved the therapists we had.
Mine knew exactly where my knots were, he got them out.
He massaged my scalp and neck, which was awesome.
Hubby said it was a good massage and wished we did it on the first and last day.
The price is half of what we pay at home!
The place is clean, soft music playing and dim.
Next time we will do it when we arrive and again when we leave.

It was a great experience and an amazing relief after a tiring long walk along the strip...!!!
I defenately would come back to this place next time I visit Vegas ... Had excellent service .

My sisters and I were excited to get a foot massage especially after a long night out.
We used Yelp and saw good reviews on The Foot Spa.
In the past I've gone to many foot spas and they were excellent.
Boy was this experience a major wake up call.
I never thought I'd write a negative review but I was so unhappy that this spa deserves just one star.
Lesson number one, don't go in a big group (4 or more).
If you do, the last person (me) will only get a 30-40 min massage.
That is not fair when you're paying for an hour.
Lesson number two: If you're the last person the masseuse will rush through the whole thing so it won't feel good.
My guy ( I don't remember his name) was terrible on my back.
Yes, I like a hard massage, but not on my spine.
I told him I didn't like it but he continued to massage my spine making ache at the end.
After all the frustration and barely any relaxation, I paid my $20 without complaining to the owner.
I gave her money but only tipped my masseuse what he deserved which should've been nothing but I have him 10% ($2).
I don't like tipping bad but when you have a bad experience that's what you get.
As the group of is left, the owner had the nerve to chase me outside and ask if I was really only going to tip the $2.
I said yes and she wanted a reasoning.
I was happy to tell her why I wasn't happy.
She then just turned her back on me and that was that.
This Korean lady was rude and I know I'll never go back there again.
There are tons of foot spas I can goto in the area.

I guess it really is a hit or miss at these types of places.
I came here because of all the good reviews, but it was NOT a hit for me.
After an extended stay in Vegas, I was hoping to end my time here with a nice massage, but that wasn't the case.
The girl I got was nice and polite, but she didn't use enough pressure or techniques, even after I asked her twice to go harder.
And I'm not one to ask for harder, usually I ask them to go softer, which goes to show how weak she was.
I went at about 4 and the place was pretty empty, so I thought I might get a good massage, considering it wasn't busy and the employees might be well rested, but not so.
And like a few other reviews, I also didn't like the look of disgust/disappointment of the receptionist when I gave a 25% tip.
It was a $20 massage and I tipped $5, I think that's pretty damn good considering I didn't enjoy my massage.
She should have seen the look of disappointment on my face.
If you're going to come here, maybe ask for a male.
You might get a nicer, deeper massage, like a massage should be.
But I don't recommend a place that gives you a dirty look when you did tip well.
Ugh!

Best foot spa I have ever been.
Reasonable price, Great service and the manager there is super nice!!!

