We got a really great rate on a room at Fraser Suites on Hotels.com for our 3-night stay in Edinburgh.
We chose this hotel for a variety of reasons, but most importantly, its location.
Located along the famous Royal Mile, it's in the heart of Old Town--and perfectly situated for taking a walk across the bridge to New Town.
It was a wee bit difficult to find when we arrived at 12:30am into nearby Waverly Station.
We came across a couple of chaps who were fresh out of the bar--they desperately wanted to help us find the hotel, but were unable to offer much assistance (even though we had a map, and one of the blokes has lived in Edinburgh his whole life), but it was a friendly, character-filled introduction to the city.
So, we continued on until we saw the beautiful St. Giles Cathedral lit up spectacularly in front of us--the hotel was just a stone's throw away.
We had notified the hotel of our post-midnight arrival, so there was no hassle in getting checked in at such a late hour.
Upon entering our room, we were delighted by the abundance of space and amenities.
Fraser Suites has done a great job of blending the historical character of Edinburgh with 21st century technology.
The darkwood wardrobe closet was HUGE, the draperies majestic, and the loveseat adorable!
We had a very modern kitchenette fully stocked with dishes, hot cocoa, coffee and shortbread--So, if you're planning on visiting Edinburgh for more than a few days, Fraser Suites would be a perfect place to stay if you want the ability to prepare some meals of your own.
The bathroom had a rainfall shower, teek shower floor and a towel warmer (that I couldn't figure out how to use).
There was broadband internet, but no wi-fi.
My complaints are few, but should be mentioned: 1.
Our "executive suite" was supposed to have a separate bedroom (away from the living/work area), but instead was an open floorplan.
It didn't end up being a big deal, but I would at least like to get what we paid for.
Another feature listed in our room description was a "City View".
Well, call me crazy, but I don't think a view of the backside of the building behind the hotel qualifies as a view of Edinburgh.
Surely disappointing--we chose not to spend much time in our room, and ventured out for views of the city.
Due to the open design of the shower area, and a flaw in design of the drainage system, I nearly flooded our bathroom when I took a shower!
Perhaps our room just has a faulty drain due to a sagging wooden shower mat, but it was something I would've rather not been concerned with.
They have an airport shuttle, but it costs £20 (something we didn't find out until the morning of our departure, which caused some unnecessary stress as we rushed to an ATM), but perhaps we should've asked.
Also, we had the shuttle reserved for a particular time, but it had apparently been somewhat double-booked.
We waited over 30 minutes for the shuttle to arrive, leaving us to rush to the airport and nearly miss our flight to London.
Ok, so perhaps my list of complaints is a little longer than I thought.
But all in all, it's a clean, comfortable hotel with beautiful interiors.
I would stay here again, although next time, I will certainly look into other options in the area as well.

We stayed at the Fraser Suites on St. Giles Street and couldn't have been more delighted.
The ceilings are high, the views are exceptional and we are going back again this summer.
Their staff is professional, courteous and the rooms have everything you need with lovely bathrooms and showers.
We had stayed at 3 other hotels in Edinburgh but none compare to Fraser.
We highly recommend this hotel in a great location.

We took the train into Edinburgh, from London.
Everyone told us to take books/ipads for the train ride, but my husband and I were just...mesmerized.
The English countryside was beautiful, but it was almost like you could feel it when you crossed over into Scotland.
It was beyond breathtaking.
The green, the snow, the slopes...
I digress- I suppose that's more of a review for the train ride and less for the hotel, so I'll get back on track.
When we arrived into Waverly station, it was an incredibly short walk to the hotel.
I don't think I was even aware how short it was, exactly.
What i also wasn't aware of was the fact that there was either a fairly steep hill OR the 'News Steps' to get there ( Believe me, if a stair case has a name,  it is SERIOUS).
We ended up walking up the hill, which was definitely the better alternative with our bags, but it was still definitely not the best after a 5 AM wake up and a 5 hour journey.
It did take a bit of frantic "Did we come the right way?
" questions to find the hotel.
The plus is - once you know where it is - the location is FANTASTIC.
Minutes away from St. Giles cathedral, restaurants, the Edinburgh castle - you name it!
It is also ridiculously beautiful.
Everything is classy, the help is fantastic.
When you've got the location/your belongings settled, the hills up and down are pretty easy to take on.
If I had one complaint, it was that the wifi was a bit spotty in our room.
Who comes to Edinburgh to be online though, right?
Plus, WIFI in the lobby/staircase area was fantastic if you needed to send something desperately.
Next time I'm in Edinburgh, I'll stay here again, no question.

I was taken here for Valentines weekend and it was fantastic!
We had the Observatory Suite and it was a beautiful room.
From the sitting area to the porch to the giant bathroom to the comfy bed, the room was perfect!
Its location is fantastic since it is practically in the middle from old and new town.
The included Scottish breakfast was such a nice treat!
The staff was very friendly and I would love to stay here again.

