This must be a new location, because I haven't seen any reviews.
I wasn't sure what to expect with this place.
All I know is I saw a sign that said FREE SAMPLES and I made a quick detour.
As soon as I entered, I was greeted by the pleasant smell of treats and a warm welcome by a beautiful girl with an English accent.
Of course, I fell in love with her immediately, as I do with every woman I meet.
I tried a sampler of their rainbow "cornfetti," which is essentially an assortment of flavored popcorn.
It's really good, a lot more satisfying and hearty than those flavored jelly beans.
They also sell homemade fudge and saltwater taffy there, so there's no shortage of cavities.
I was so captivated by that lovely British visage in front of me, that I ended buying a small bag of the cornfetti, just because she charmed me so.
I left the shop with a smile on my face and a warm feeling in my chest.
Now I feel used.

What can I say that I already didn't say in my review of the other location?
Friendly service, unlimited free samples, and great funky sodas.
I POPPED in (hehe) to check it out since I live so close!
I tried the southwest hot wing, the parmesan-garlic (flavorless to me), and the pumpkin pie (wow!
) - I ended up buying a mini blend of southwest jalepeno and southwest hotwing and devoured it the next day...for breakfast?!?!
What is wrong with me?!?!?
I also bought an almond cream soda.
This location carries the Mr. Q Cumber soda I had a slight obsession with last year too.
They had Texas Tech and Texas A&M tins behind the counter so I asked where my Longhorns were!
The guy told me someone ordered those two and assured me they have plenty of Longhorn tins :)  Yum spicy-ness!

My new favorite small biz!
yum yum I have visited a half dozen or so times love it.my favorite right now is a mix of white cheddar and hot wing soooooo good.

I love popcorn so this store was right up my alley.
I went in right after my yoga class and was in awe of all the flavors of popcorn.
The store awesomely displays ways you can make popcorn into a cool gift or party favor with various tins.
I even tried their fudge.
It was amazing!
A must try.
I did not give more stars because I asked what was in one of the fudges and the cashier said they couldn't be bothered with knowing.
Wow!
I thought that was rude.
Overall awesome experience.

Stopped by to see their goodies after a breakfast at Cracked Egg.
It's one of those stores you can easily spend $10-20 without intending to, yet you don't regret it!
The employees were helpful, offering to give free samples of any flavor we wanted to try.
Whether you want popcorn salty, sweet, cheesy, spicy, they have it.
Gonzo grape, s'mores, toffee almond, the list goes on and on.
We bought a bag of parmesan & garlic, kettle corn, a few pieces of taffy, and a small piece of fudge, which they also sold.
My boyfriend inhaled the fudge.
The taffy and parmesan/garlic were just OK, and my favorite was the kettle corn.
They sell their popcorn by bags or decorative tins, there were many to choose from.
Not sure how their prices compare with others, but I like their location.
My next flavor will be caramel, with cashews, pecans, and peanuts... mmm...

Just walking around the complex I walked in to find the store was more like a candy store than just a popcorn place.
They sell fudges (some sugar free!
), nostalgic candy and bottled sodas, and have shelves with gift buckets.
Cool idea.
Of course, the main feature was the popcorn.
They have many more flavors and wildly dyed colors than Popped, which I also love.
Some of the flavors that stand out are blueberry, watermelon, pizza, cotton candy, guava, as well as the typicals (e.g., caramel, cheddar, plain, etc.).
The staff was very nice and let me try some samples.
I walked out with a colorful bag of tropical flavors.
The popcorn is very candied but different and tasty indeed!

We've been craving a good snack, and driving around town, found ourselves in Henderson, and my husband remembers that Popcorn girl has a store here and they are open on Sundays.
So we go in to find a very busy store.
The flavors are listed on the placards on the wall, the sizes and prices posted above the door that leads to the back room, through the window and the door, you can see bins of flavored popcorn and the smells are radiating throughout.
On either side of the shop are walls covered with decorative tins, you can choose one of your favorite sports teams, or go themed, with a birthday or holiday tin.
There are a few displays of salt water taffy and other candies and they even have a small cold case with drinks.
We choose two bags, one with cheddar and jalapeno and the other was loaded baked potato.
We didn't estimate how much a medium bag was and ended up sharing a bag with my coworkers.
The flavors were very cheesy, the spice was just right, not too hot.
And the loaded baked potato tasted just like it was suppose too!

Not so good news: I couldn't handle the small bag of popcorn I had.
Found out that I was pre diabetic when I devoured a mini bagful of the popcorn (I passed out!
)  The watermelon one was so good though.
I couldn't control myself.
In fact all the candied ones we tried all the flavors were spot on AND dangerously addicting!!
Fast forward almost a year since they opened: I am now able to control my sugar intake (somewhat) ...even lost some weight!
All thanks to the mini bag of watermelon flavor popcorn!
Who knew!
Love that they do have all kinds of flavors to choose from.
So my new favorite is the savory flavor, loaded baked potato!
I'm able now to pace and treat myself to watermelon and the strawberry cheesecake popcorn as well.
Popcorn stays fresh and crunchy for days if you keep it in an airtight container.
Staff is friendly and welcoming, they don't get annoyed when you want to try almost every flavor they have.
As far as giving as gifts, the packaging is cute!
Ranges from decorative boxes to themed tins like  pro and collegiate sports teams.
It's my go to place for nice party or housewarming gifts.

Stumbled in here after breakfast at the Cracked Egg.
I had no intentions of buying popcorn at 10am but it smelled so good outside the shop that I just couldn't pass it up!
So much variety, great prices, very delicious!

Without revealing too much about my serious popcorn issues, I will say that I feel comfortable addressing the quality of a popcorn product.
And Popcorn Girl is pretty wonderful.
Great gourmet popcorn is a balance between a quality kernel and quality seasoning (flavor and amount).
This place loads their popcorn with seasoning, which I love.
I am not a fan of the light-handed sprinkling approach.
If I am eating cheese popcorn, I want that never-to-be-seen-in-nature orange glow to stick to my fingers.
Popcorn Girl seems to understand that and, by extension, they understand me.
They have both savory and sweet options.
And don't even think about worrying about calories.
Just sample and order and remind yourself you will go to the gym later in the week.
The sweet options range from Blue Coconut to caramel.
The only sweet option I have eaten more than a few bites of is their salted caramel.
It's too sweet for more than a few bites, but the flavor is delish.
Whoever popularized salting caramel deserves international recognition, but I digress.
I stay away from their other sweet stuff; I'm a savory gal.
But friends all enjoy their chocolate and caramel flavors.
The savory items range from Southwest Hot Wings to White Cheddar.
And their Yellow Cheddar and Ranch are standouts.
Tangy, salty, creamy and delicious.
My only issue with their selections is what seems to be a fairly recent change in certain flavors.
The last few times I have been in, there has been a slight alteration to the recipe.
It's not enough to keep me away, but I'm not the rabid fan I once was.
Like others have pointed out, the décor and inventory are simple.
Old timey candy and sodas, a tremendous amount of taffy, popcorn, fudge, and popcorn containers.
That's it.
But if you are going for their signature product, what do you care?
SUMMARY: This is not your everyday low-cal popcorn option.
For that, get out your air popper and measuring cups.
This is your Tuesday afternoon, friends coming over, need a small gift, suck up to the boss, Friday movie night, I was good this week kind of popcorn.
Try it.
I am sure you will like it.

Very cool store.
Lots and lots and lots of flavors.
Also found some old school candy like candy cigarettes and warheads!
Try the dill pickle popcorn

This place is a swell place to find some yummy treats.
I came by a few weeks ago and basically purchase a mini of all the flavors I know I like.
The original butter, cinnamon toast, and the banana never made it home from the car ride.
I love that the mini size is a perfect little choice for a snack and it's only $1.75 each.
I want to try the choco popcorn next.
I saw a person come in with an empty tin while I was there.
Apparently they got it for X-mas and wanted a refill.
What was awesome is if you have bought a tin, you get %50 off when you go to refill!
Great deal.
I love this little local place.

My hubby bought me a Valentine's Day mix from Popcorn Girl and I am now a customer for life!!
:) So yummy!!
Chocolate cherry is the BEST!!!
Keep up the great work!

I like popcorn, but the wife loves popcorn.
We were on our way out of town to see the in laws, thought we would get some popcorn for her father.
What a selection, I would say about 40 different flavors of popcorn and great sports containers to put them in for gifts.
The great thing is that you can sample as many as you would like.
We tried probably about 15 different flavors.
We ended up getting sea salt caramel and hot wing.
Both were very good.
Hot wing was spicy and flavorful.
Salty caramel also good.
Very friendly staff, nice store.
We will be back.

They did a wonderful job on the favors for the Baby Shower we hosted last weekend.
As always, the popcorn was fresh and yummy!

I just love the macaroni and cheese popcorn.
Delish!

This ain't your Uncle Orville's popcorn!
Imagine 50+ flavors you would never dream of putting on popcorn...and then put them on popcorn.
You want macaroni and cheese?
They got it.
You want chocolate peanut butter?
Deal.
How about some bright fruity colors that compliment your party scheme?
Boom.
Your favorite breakfast cereal?
Just ask to sample the Cinnamon Toast.
They will happily give you a free sample of any flavor before committing to a purchase, which is great because a small of the powdered flavor runs you $4.75.
Pay close attention when you order as they have 4 price scales, Buttery, Cheese (which includes the powdered flavors like sea salt and vinegar), Candied, and Chocolate.
If you're a popcorn fiend, buy one of the tins (about $30) and refill it.
If you stick to the Cheese/powdered flavors a refill will run you about $13.
Not to mention popcorn, but throughout the store are barrels of nostalgic candy, salt water taffies, and  fudges.
This place really reminds me of a board walk shop.
With locations on opposite sides of town, you're never more than 15 minutes away.
Give it a try for your next party or event, or just to munch on during a movie.

Best place for movie theater popcorn.

Cora is great!
Great recommendations and popcorn is amazing.
Everyone must try this place!

We came to popcorn girl to check out the fish tank that was featured on the show "Tanked.
" After reading some great reviews on yelp, we definitely wanted to try out some of their inventory.
We were greeted by some very happy staff who explained the process and  offered some samples.
We ended up taking home 2 mini bags of popcorn (s'mores and strawberry cheesecake) some oreo fudge and one of their specialty sodas.
While the popcorn is amazing, the fish tank was cool , the staff is really the best part.
We had the opportunity to meet one of the owners,  Mark.
He is super nice, gracious and very funny.
Whenever we're back in Vegas, we will be sure to drop by and try more  of their many, many other flavors.

The BF and I had been wanting to stop by this place for a while now and I am SO glad we finally made the trip last Saturday.
They have so many different flavors from sweet to savory to the traditional stuff (butter, kettle corn, etc).
They let you sample any flavor you want.
We tried the Old Fashioned Vanilla, Cinnamon Crunch, Red Hot Cinnamon, Cotton Candy and Garlic Parmesan Buffalo Wings.
There are different pricing scales depending on the type of flavor you get.
The menu breaks down which flavors are in each price category so there's no confusion.
They also let you mix the flavors.
We ended up getting a bag mixed with Old Fashioned Vanilla and Cinnamon Crunch.
It was so hard to make a decision because all the flavors were so good...which leads me to my next point:  The only reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5: We were not the only ones who were having a hard time making a decision...since most people come in and want to sample flavors (we were told that they are making new flavors all the time, so the menu is not static) you can expect to be in line for quite some time.
There were only two groups ahead of us in line but it took a while because everyone wanted to sample different flavors.
The employees are really great at trying to make sure everyone gets their samples while they are waiting in line, the customer service was great, but I can't imagine how long it would take if it was a busy day.
If you're thinking of stopping by and picking something up for for a party, hostess gift, etc.
keep in mind that this is not a quick in & out place...especially if there is a large group ahead of you.
We didn't mind the wait because we weren't in a hurry, so if you go, make sure you have plenty of time.
Other pros: They sell specialty sodas (peach!
mint julep!
you name it!
) and assorted candy.
The BF picked up bacon flavored salt water taffy.
We will definitely make a return trip here.
So be patient if you're behind us in line.
We like to sample everything :)

So, I had heard about this place months ago from my taxi driver.
Then  since we kept going to the movies a lot, my friends and I decided to grab some popcorn on the way up.
This location is near my residence.
It is also in a nice area  with  Subway the Cracked Egg, Smiths Grocery store and Wendy's nearby.
We walked in and were greeted right away by friendly staff.
They let us know we can sample any of the popcorn they offer.
Their menu is massive.. We tried several kind and I really just went with my standard Carmel.
It was so good..
The pizza one, is the next kind I am gong to get when we go to the movies again.
it's savory, and it makes you want more.
You have to try it if you like pizza.
It's crazy how they came up with it, but its not too much and its not  so little that you can't taste it.
Its like Ultimate Cheese popcorn.
Man i want some just thinking about it.
Oh yeah, I kinda love pizza!
If you get a chance to stop by any of their locations, do go in.
The prices are affordable and the bag sizes are very generous.
You won't be sorry.
I went home with plenty of popcorn to eat for  a snack  the next night while watching TV.

Because I was on this side of town, Popcorn Girl was on the 'to go' list.
For those who love flavored popcorn this would be like popcorn heaven.
There are so many flavors.
From your basic butter flavor, to mac and cheese, to a birthday cake flavor.
What's nice about this place is that you can sample any flavor you want.
I sampled the creamy cheesecake which tasted like candy.
Then I sampled the Mac n' Cheese which is really cheesy and good.
I ended up getting the Loaded Baked Potato which taste just like a loaded baked potato AAAND...it has bacon bits in it!
And I settled for the Mac n' Cheese.
The prices are decent.
Good choice to bring these popcorn to the theater!
Staff is very friendly and helpful.

If you have difficulties making decisions, this is not the place for you!
There are literally dozens upon dozens of different popcorn flavor options.
I think I started sweating when I had to finally make a choice.
Luckily, they are liberal with the samples!
The varieties are endless, from birthday cake, dark chocolate, jalapeno cheddar, to the good ole fashioned caramel corn.
Whatever you're looking for, they probably have it.
I ended up choosing the white chocolate and Chicago mix (cheddar and caramel) because I'm boring.
And, while I enjoyed both flavors, I would have liked the popcorn to be a tad more fresh.
They seem to keep all the flavors stored in bins, so, I'm not sure how often they make the popcorn.
I like my popcorn freshly popped!
Overall, a cute, local business with a great selection.

It was finally time to try Popcorn girl.
I always would walk by when dining at Cracked Egg but I was trying to keep my will power when I saw the tasty treats.
This time my will power let go and I walked into the sweet smelling store that is Popcorn Girl.
It is filled with gift tins and ideas on each side of the store.
I was greeted by the awesome store associates.
Since there are so many choices, you can sample any kinds of flavors.
Sea Salted Caramel Corn?
Would I like a sample?
YEP!
I was sold.
Delicious flavor that is right up my alley.
Butterfinger covered popcorn?
That was up my husbands alley and had to get him a little treat too!
Once I made my choices to buy, she was quick to ready my bags to go.
They were so helpful and made my treat shopping easy and seamless.
I know I'll be back in here.
With the holidays right around the corner, it's perfect!
If you stop in and sample, it would be hard to leave empty handed!
Great store!

The girls who work here are always so nice--going out of their way to make suggestions and give tons of samples, and not expressing irritation if they don't want to go in the back and get you a fifth little cup of popcorn.
(And if they are irritated, they don't show it.
)  Dill pickle is the way to go, as well as the cheesy flavors.
I'm not huge on sweet popcorn, but what I have had is good, even if it's not my bag.
(ha!
BAG of popcorn.
I'm so funny.
)  I like this place better than POPPED...I think the service is better, they don't upcharge for the silly gimmick of the frozen popcorn, and it's just more customer-friendly environment.
Tons of gift selections, too, if you want to make a unique gift for seriously anything.
Seriously.
I saw popcorn buckets shaped like teeth or medical devices for workplace gifts.

I love everything about Popcorn Girl!
I love their flavors.
I love the quality of their popcorn.
I love their awesome customer service.
I love that I can get something sweet and something savory in one place.
I love that they ship, so I can get some when I'm not in town.
I make it a point to stop in every time I'm in the area - and I cram my suitcase with bags to take home for everybody!

I love Popcorn Girl.
I have used them to give as gifts from my clients with a lot of success and as birthday sleepover snacks.
I just recently purchased popcorn for a local charity and I can't say enough great things about not only the face of the business, and the fact that it is local, but also just because the popcorn is so good!
First, lets talk about the store:  You never walk in without a greeting and an explanation of your popcorn choices.
They are more than happy to let you sample any popcorn and it may just persuade you to buy that flavor - it is that good!
Second, lets talk about the old school candies:  There are bins of candies everywhere.
I love looking at all the candy that was available when I was a kid - enough said ...
I won't disclose my age unless you ask :)  Finally, lets talk about the product:  Yummy and beautifully packaged.
I brought samples to a client, so they could decide what to send their clients and it turned into an office party - that is what good popcorn does for the soul!
Oh, and don't forget to check out the fish talk from the TV Show "Tanked"

Awesome!!
I called right before they closed on a Thursday night needing 30 assorted mini bags (mini bags are plenty big!
) as a gift for my staff, personalized note on each of them and every thing by the next morning.
I swear, I am normally NOT this much of a pain.
Their response?
No problem!!
They had them all waiting with notes on each one a packaged perfectly.
Not to mention their flavors are delicious!!!
If you have a chance, try this place out.
The popcorn is amazing and they go out of their way to give their customers a great experience!!

The staff here was so friendly and helpful!
My favorite flavor is the red hot cinnamon.
I have had other gourmet popcorn in town but I think popcorn girl is better.
We got 3 bags of different flavors.
While we were waiting for them to bag our popcorn we heard one of the employees telling other customers about their tin, which comes with 3 flavors you choose, I think that might be the best way to go, cost wise.
I think we will get a tin next time.
I will be going back soon!

Delicious Flavors and Friendly  Service!

Came here out of sheer curiosity and will visit many many more times.
You are greeted when you walk in, assuming everybody isn't busy and the place has a lot to look at.
They not only serve popcorn, but fudge and salt water taffy as well.
There are a large variety of time to choose from if you are lookin for a present.
So many, in fact, that you may spend a good out of time gawking.
The popcorn: SO MANY OPTIONS.
It almost.becomes a problem.
But such a good delicious problem.
They have around 40 flavors, ranging from regular popcorn to things like creamy cheesecake and S'mores.
To to it all off, they give free samples.
So if something sounds good, just ask!
I've sampled the dance, southwest hot wings, salt n vinegar, and red hot cinnamon.
All which were good.
Service: It's great.
Everybody is really friendly and if it's your first time there, they are good at explaining everything.
Props to them.
Overall: This place is a popcorn lovers dream.
That about covers it.
I will go back, a lot.

go to the girl and get some Chicago mix...

I've seen the a-frame sign countless times while driving on GVP, especially when stopping at Smith's.
Popcorn Girl.
A shop that specializes in popcorn.
Whoop-Tee-Doo.
But one day I went to lunch with a friend at a nearby restaurant and afterwards, she wanted to stop in and pick up some popcorn for a friend's party.
I walked in and was like....Whoop-Tee-Doo...a shop that specializes in popcorn.
She then told me that they allow you to sample, and handed me a menu to see the choices.
Cue immediate excitement.
They have Strawberry Cheesecake flavored popcorn?
What the?!
Who does this?
My friend insisted that I give it a try.
Sample came out and immediately ordered a bag.
Then we found Puppy Chow on the menu.
Not the dog food, but their play on Chex Mix.
Popcorn, Chex, Pretzels, chocolate, peanut butter and powdered sugar (forgive me if I got this wrong, just listing what I tasted and guessed what was in it.
) Ah-Mah-Zing!
Immediately ordered a bag.
I have been back another time for a second helping of Puppy Chow and will be back for more Strawberry Cheesecake....and Puppy Chow.
This place has to be put on your radar.
Even if you're like I was when I drove past it at least a million times.
Stop in.
You will not regret it!
Unless you just totally hate popcorn...

I visited this location before checking out the other one in Las Vegas.
The product selection is comparable at both locations but keep in mind that fudge flavor availability varies more than popcorn flavor availability.
Employees were friendly and helpful and maybe a bit too honest (some of the fudge flavors are firmer than others because it depends on how long they've been sitting there???

Great flavors, reasonable prices, and they encourage sampling!!!
Score.
I'm a newbie, and have tried the Patriotic Mix (strawberry , vanilla, blueberry, cherry, etc.
) and the Cheese Pickle.
Both are good, I found the pickle just a little overwhelming, but nobody would argue it lacks pickle flavor!
I'd order both again, and will be trying other flavors soon!
They are now open 7 days, which is great!

This is by far our favorite popcorn.
So many flavors, many of them are gluten free, and there's old fashioned candy.
It is our go to spot whenever we go to the theatre (sorry movie theater popcorn), and when we have movie nights at home.
I tell all locals about it and even when we visit family out of town I bring them some.

BEST POPCORN IVE EVER HAD!!!!
If you like your food to be extremely flavorful like I do you have to try this place!
I had the loaded baked potato and it was love at first bite.
I brought some to work for my coworkers and everyone was obsessed with it.
Although some thought it was a heart attack in a bag and would only try a piece, they all agreed it did taste great.
The bag was done in less than half an hr.
I definitely can't wait to try other flavors!

I love this place!
I was introduced to Popcorn Girl when my husband brought me home samples that he had got at work.
The next day I was at Popcorn Girl buying popcorn.
The staff is super friendly and always willing to let you try samples of ALL their popcorn.
They have savory and sweet flavors.
I really love their white cheddar, dill pickle and garlic parmesan flavors.
Not only do they have the freshest most delicious popcorn.
They also make their own fudge.
I was thrilled to find out they have sugar free fudge too!!!
Popcorn Girl is also a great place if your looking for a gift.
Almost everyone loves popcorn.
They have candy to put in as well.
You can make a gift bag or a create a whole tin of popcorn.
What a great gift!
I love the smell in Popcorn Girl.
It's like vanilla mixed with popcorn.
Yum!
They have a cool fish tank made out of a popcorn machine.
It's such a welcoming environment.
You can't help but love it.
Head on over right now!
You will be thanking me.

