Finally!!
I have found a nice barbershop to take my kids to and actually feel comfortable being there!
Ive been to different shops where Ive heard profanity and experienced just utter disrespect and not only that but one had told be " I AINT CUTTIN THEY HAIR IF YOU AINT GOT NO CASH!
CASH ONLY HERE!".
(Yes, this person actually said that, needless to say, they're out of business now) I walked in with my 3 boys and was taken back by the modern classy style of the shop and not to mention very gorgeous smiles!
Theres several Tv's so i wasn't completely bored out of my mind and when all three were done I actually loved the way they cut their hair!
Perfect FADES is what they should be called!
Im definitely going back!

excellent service every time we come!

My husband loves coming here to treat himself to a nice cut and shave!
Very clean,modern and experienced barbers.
Prices are pretty decent, $18 and $15 for a shave.
The most recent trip, the cut took over an hour and the fade wasn't correct, my husband returned and it was fixed very quickly.

This was my first time coming here.
Man, it's hard to find a good barbershop in Vegas.
$18 for a basic cut.
The barber did a good job on my haircut.
It just took him  awhile to get started.
I will definitely go back again.

Not really close to the house but well worth the drive for a good clean haircut.
This is definitely not your Dads barbershop.
There are no Nude magazines or a refrigerator filled with beer.
Two Flatscreens so you can watch Sports Center.
So yes you can bring your Mom to get a haircut.
I have been to this business at least a Dozen times now.
What brings me back is obviously the great haircuts but the GREAT service.
I would like to say that I now call George a friend but he keeps it professional.
Get me in and get me out please.
I have never had to make an appointment because I am usually waiting for the shop to open and there are usually a few bodies outside waiting for the shop to open.
George has been known to take a vacaction or two since I have been going but Ray and Joe can get the job done too.
If your on the NW side of town this is the spot to get your cut.
Im not familiar with the Lingo of the biz but I know that they do really short haircuts and designs.
Not my style but If you want to be styling this is a great place to get a good haircut.

This is an amazing barbershop, the guy who cut my hair has excellent customer service was very attentive, He also made sure what kind a haircut I wanted and the way they cut and faded my hair was great, Havent had this much quality since I lived in Los Angeles.
Thanks again Fade Kingz Barber

Was recommended to this place by someone and I'm glad I went.
Being from NYC and having a "regular" barber, I was apprehensive about getting a cut in Vegas.
As soon as I walked in I was greeted by George, who told me I was next up.
Not bad for not having an appt.. After I explained what I wanted done, I just sat back and let him do his thing.
I was very pleased with the outcome, but was expecting a heavy bill due to the fact that George did my fade, goatee, hot lather towel and shave, and even shaped up my eyebrows.
When he said $25, I was shocked.
I went elsewhere in Vegas and paid $45 for the same svc.
I highly recommend this shop to anyone looking for a great cut at a great price!

Fade Kingz is one of my 'goto' barber shops in Vegas.
It's a nice relaxed & clean atmosphere to chill  & get cut in.
They have some televisions, radio and usually good convo going.
There are even some drinks & munchies for purchase.
Every time I've came through , walk-in, I've got  up in the chair quick!
Not sure how when they take their time cutting like they do.
I'm prob just lucky.
Keep up the good work & I'ma keep coming through.

Amazing!
Okay so I was with the family vacationing in Vegas and my brother got tired of having long hair and wanted to cut it.
So I came on yelp and started looking for places, but the ones near us were all closed or super expensive, and then I found this gem.
Yea its far from The Strip but so worth the drive.
The guy who helped us out is Joseph and wow he is great.
Loved the way he took his time with my brother cutting his hair making sure it was even and all, and he even showed him how to style it and what he could do with his style.
So I totally recommend this place!
Go, sucks we don't live in Vegas to come here more often.

Worst barber shop I've been too in a long time.
Terrible customer service.
Give your money to better people.

Walked in at 0900 on a Sunday and got a cut without waiting because of a cancelled appointment.
Place is really busy from open to close so I would call ahead and make an appointment.
Great haircut with attention to detail for $18.

Just got my haircut today.
I came in as a walk-in.
It was my first time there and I am really happy with the service.
All the barbers seem cool.
I got my haircut by George.
He knew exactly how to cut my hair and style it.
When I got there i didn't have to wait long.
But as I sat down to get my haircut it kind of got busy.
So I would call in for an appointment just in case it were to be busy.
Definitely going to be my go to barbershop.
Highly recommend it.

I took my boys here today everyone was cool this guy came in and was talking with one of the barbers and he talking bad and the barber right away said something to him about taking like that in front of myself and my kids thank you so much not many people have respect like that anymore !

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(77/365) "Totally Faded"  Me: Called in at 3 pm... "What time do you close today?
Fade Kingz: "9 pm, but last cut is at 8pm"  Me: "Okay cool...Do you take plastic or is it Cash Only???
Fade Kingz: "The machine broke right now, but its $20-25..."  Me: "Okay, thanks"  Reading all the positive reviews, closer to me, open later hours, and the client roster includes Shaun T (Insanity dude) and DJ Pauly D (Joyzee Shore), and they call themselves the Fade Kingz, so they must be good, right?
I get there at about 7 pm peek inside and see ONE peson getting cut with all the other chairs empty....  Barber: "How can I help you?
"  Me: "I'd like to get a haircut"  Barber: "Haircuts right now are $30 homey"  Me: "Whoa!?
$30???
(was this the same person that quoted me a cheaper price?
)  Barber: "Yup, after 7 pm, it's $30...unless you wanna come back tomorrow at 9 am, haircuts are $18"  As bad as I wanted a haircut,  I didn't need it $30 bad, so I just  waited to get to my usual spot the next morning cause "Homey don't play that".....ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  ZERO !!!
especially with fluctuating prices?
No thanks...

Showed up 10 mins before opening.
Guys were nice enough to let me sit inside until they were ready , and George gave me a really clean looking fade.
10/10 would get cut here again.

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(152/365) "King George"  So it was the week of the Second Chance Prom at the Palms, and my hair was already looking bushwhacked, but I figured I'd wait until Saturday, the day of the prom, and the only day that I'm able to see my barber due to my work schedule.
Fast forward to Thursday, a notice is posted up on Instagram by my barber stating that they will CLOSED Friday and Saturday(Prom Night)  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
Just my luck, I tried not to panic, and the one time I cut my hair out of desperation, I came out looking like Mr.Clean,(No Lie!
) so I needed to book an appointment and FAST!
My previous review of Fade Kingz Barber Shop wasn't a very good first impression, but looking at the pictures of haircuts done by George convinced me to give it another go.
I booked an appointment with George first thing in the morning on Saturday.
9 am Satuday morning, first one in the door with no wait, I met up with George, told him what I wanted, and he did his magic.
it was clean and spacious inside and the guys were cool and able to carry on conversations, etc.
30 minutes later, I was done, relieved, and happy that George came through, and I have a go-to spot if I ever come across this same situation.
Know before you go:  Haircuts start at $18, Shaves  are $15  Best to make an appointment ahead of time-filled up with walk-ins by the time I was done  They are open later hours than some barbers, but prices may be higher  during the later hours  Located in the NW, same place as Comic Oasis, Marshalls, etc.
If you live on this side of town, definitely check out Fade Kingz!
ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4

2 strikes in a row.

I called this morning to inquire about bringing in my 2 y/o son for a haircut and the gentleman that answered the phone was very fun and polite and told me to bring him in.
Once we arrived we were greeted and George introduced me to my son's barber Kassim.
He then asked me how I wanted his haircut and of course I was clueless,  so he gave me some suggestions and went from there.
My son was a little apprehensive because this was his 1st haircut but Kassim was very gentle and friendly and starting things off with a high 5.
My son sat still (thank God) and kassim was very engaging with his convo and kept asking my son if he was ok. Once we were finished,  he cleaned him off and gave him a sucker(his fav).
We will definitely be back.
Thanks you guys for taking such good care of my son.

