This is a true little gem.
I am perhaps the world's greatest critics of Indian / Nepalese restaurants as I know what I like and they often don't live up to my standards.
I've got my favourite restaurants that I frequent and I do often try others but 99% of the time I leave disappointed.
I'm very happy to say that when I went to The Gurkha Cafe this was the other 1%.
I was anything but disappointed!!!
The interior of this place is really cool, it feels like you're in a little hut as it has open wooden beams all over the ceiling.
I felt as thought I'd taken a plane east by just stepping through the door.
The interior really does set the tone and makes a lovely change from other restaurants in Edinburgh.
I saw someone at the table next to me drinking a Nepalese Gurkha beer so I decided when in Rome...
It was not a bad beer and went well with the food but for £4.95 for 660mls it wasn't so cheap.
Worth it for the label though.
I went for the Mo Mo Cha Nepalese chicken dumplings to start and you could choose this either steamed or fried.
I went for steamed and was SO glad that I did as they were delicious.
I was a bit apprehensive but they were very tasty.
They were crescent moon shaped and there were lots of them - I'm sure I had at least 5 and was full after the starter alone as they certainly didn't scrimp on the portion sizes!
What made this dish though was the sauce that accompanied it.
I couldn't work out what was in it and it didn't say on the menu but this was a tasty little number.
I want to say it was mustard as that's what it looked like but I hate the stuff so know it certainly wasn't that.
No matter what was in it, it was divine and just pushed this dish over the edge and into the exquisite category.
My companion had the chicken satay to start with.
This wasn't the usual Asian chicken satay that you'd normally expect as this was with a Nepalese twist.
The size of this dish could have easily passed for a main course!
There were huge chunks of chicken under a rich, tomato / barbeque style sauce.
As I said, not like the usual peanut style satay but still good.
Not as good as my dumplings though - top tip!!!
:)  Another good thing about this place (to add to the huge list) is you can specify how mild or how hot you'd like your meal to be so the dishes really are made to your specific requirements.
For main course I ordered the chicken korma.
When ordering in fact, I asked the waiter what he recommended by telling him what I liked.
I know a lot of people think, 'boring old korma' but this restaurant gave this dish a new lease of life.
The tastes and flavours in this dish were phenomenal.
That's what I love about Nepalese even more than Indian restaurants, they use even more herbs and spices to create the perfect flavours.
Yummy!!!
Again the portion sizes were very generous but it was so tasty that I couldn't stop eating until I'd finished it all.
My fellow diner had the chicken garlic and chilli if I remember correctly.
It came out still cooking on a hot plate and the colours of the dish made for great presentation.
The quantity as well as quality of this dish was unbelievable, we could have easily shared this alone without starters and still left full I'm sure.
She only managed a quarter of it as it was!
As I said above, although this dish is made with chilli she asked for it to be mild and it suited her just perfectly.
We ordered rice and a peshwari nan to go with the main courses.
The nan was lovely, lighter than most nans which was a good thing considering the amount of food and it came in a basket cut into pizza style slices.
This place really does have it all - you can't get a more central location, the highest of quality food with flavours bursting in every mouthful, good friendly service and a different yet cool interior.
It's a winner!!!
As if you can't tell already, I love this place.
Take whatever I've written and imagine I love it 100% more then you'll be getting a bit closer to understanding how much I enjoyed this meal and now love this restaurant.
Honestly, the only thing left to say is try it for yourself.
I'm sure you won't be disappointed and if you are then you can always take the left overs away for me:)

No complaints- friendly staff, unforgettable food.
The flavours are so deep and intense!
I love it!
Go for the lunch deal- really good value.
The first time round I got the Dal Makhani, which was DELICIOUS, and the second time I got the Rajma Aloo which was equally good.
I wish I could go back but I don't know when I'll be in Edinburgh again :(

We started with chicken momo.
They were good, a bit like a curried ravioli.
The sauce tasted a bit like a spicy tomato pasta sauce, making it seem even more like a twisted Italian dish.
They were good, none the less.
I got my bhuteko khasi (lamb) as hot, and it was a bit spicy but not nearly what I expected.
The taste was great for this dish.
We also had the rasilo chicken which, at medium spice, was not hot at all.
I preferred my lamb.

Hungry?
Want to leave Edinburgh and go to a hotel for dinner in Kathmandu?
in Gurka cafe you will think you have arrived.
Quality service, homemade authentic Nepalese food (Italian but better with Chinese Influence).
They guy cant do enough for you.
I think next time I go I will ask for a camel steak just to see if they manage to find one!
They managed everything else when I took a group of fifteen crazy Americans there.
A credit to your nation and an asset to Edinburgh

The staff were great and didn't push too hard in that way that Indian restaurants sometimes do to get you to buy more food.
I found the lamb Achari not spicy enough, even at hot level.
The vegetable korma was a tad sweet, but all overall good.
They're great for large late parties, even ones with an extra 4 people who unexpectedly turned u 35 after the rest

Our group of 4 had one of the best meals here, and I think it's safe to say the best meal we had during our stay in Edinburgh.
The staff were absolutely delightful and only added to the experience.
This would be a regular place for me if I lived nearby!

trying to find a meal late at night, we ducked in here and got one of the best meals of our trip

Not perfect but pretty damn close...
Excellent spice, decent heat when ordering "hot", nice service, funky atmosphere.
I've never had Nepalese but I've had scads of Indian.
It was delicious!
Check your bill, they charged use for a pickle tray we said no to; it's only a £1.50 but still.
I'm glad I caught it and they fixed it no problem.

