This restaurant came highly recommended to me by my good friend Yazan due to my affinity for Wal-Mart's over-priced,  damaged canned goods.
I must say, it absolutely lived up to the hype!
I asked for Santa Margherita (probably the most popular wine out of Italy) and they brought us a bottle of Santa Rita (the cheapest of the fruity wines typically made and enjoyed by the Chilean miners).
Awesome surprise!
Another lovely surprise came with our appetizers - Yam frites.
I always thought this type of dish consisted of deep-fried slices of yam...
But to my delight, milestones appears to have taken a healthier approach and not fried the yams at all!
In fact, they tasted cold and fresh (almost raw), just as nature intended them.
The staff must have known it was my friend's birthday because they gave us a whole 95 minutes to drink, talk and toast the birthday boy before bringing out our orders.
It's perfect because none of us are ever hungry until after 10pm anyway.
As we all know, I prefer my meals from a dented can, and I can never resist a Wal-Mart Rollback, but I felt a bit self-conscious in the company of my friends, so I decided to play it cool and order a steak, medium rare, and yes I'd like the $30 steak instead of the $21 one..
I know the menu doesn't really differentiate between them but I want to keep up appearances here.
Let me just say, the cooks must be Jedi Master mind readers - Not only did I get a rubbery overcooked slice of heaven, but I am fairly certain the sides and sauce came from my favourite section of the Wal-Mart next door!
As a fitting end to our meal, the debit/credit machines seemed adamant on refusing our payments.
It was like Mr.
Milestone himself was there saying "No, no, really, your money is no good here", and then upon our insistence saying, "Okay, fine you can pay this time".
I would definitely come back here, and more than likely bring my Wal-Mart buddies too!

Stopped yesterday for a drink after shopping and wanted to check the place out for future possible dining.
We waited and waited for our drinks.
It was a Friday afternoon and was not busy at the time of our arrival.
We had to order our drinks twice as it seemed the first order was lost somehow.
Not a good first impression.
The waitress said she would make it up to us regarding the very poor service,not sure what she meant but she did not live up to her word.
My next beer came quickly but did have to ask for service; she did not come on her own.
By the time we left the restaurant was busy and very noisy.
I read the menus and was impressed with the pricing and choices from pastas to steak to gluten free.
Most entrees were under $20.
The decor was upscale and trendy with comfortable seating.
Undecided if we will return.

Sadly the fourth best option of the Cara food conglomerates monopoly of restaurants on Ira Needles.
Surprising part is that it is behind Harvey's , Swiss chalet and Montana's.
Food is average at best.
They aspire to fine dining but fall way short of diners.
(Sorry to the great diners out there).
Save your money and go to one of the many great local options around.
I've given this place three tries.
Three strikes.
And I'm out!

I became a fan of Milestones many years ago and was very excited when the plans to build one in Waterloo were announced!
This Milestones does not disappoint - from the courteous staff to the fabulous urban design and great food - this is a fabulous restaurant.

Yes, it's a chain restaurant but this particular Milestone's never disappoints.
Have been here a few times now.
If you go to the bar , there are great tables to sit where you can have quiet conversation but still be a part of the bustling environment.
Food is reasonably priced and service is always very good.
Ambiance is equal or better than many upscale restaurants.
I recommend!

This place is alright..only got food poisoned once at another location from being served chicken the way you purchase it at the grocery store (pink jelly).
The size of my salad changed from one visit to the next with a snarky reply from a manager...why?
The only thing I recommend is the spicy chicken wrap it's quite good.

This is an amazing milestone location..great bar, patio and dining area.
The stacked burger is scrumptious-lyyy delicious.
Its filled with montreal smoked meat, camaralized onions, grilled mushrooms, bacon..and the ultimate juicy patty.
Service is a 5 stars as well.

