I should have called East Valley Appliance Repair first!
EAST VALLEY APPLIANCE REPAIR (Brenn S. was the repair person) is TOP NOTCH!
Stay away from the Appliance Connection.
Here's the story.
I purchased a built-in microwave over the Internet and it stopped working after 5 days of use.
I couldn't return it and I was stuck dealing with the warranty/manufacturer.
Everything was completely covered by Frigidaire and they referred me to several local authorized repair companies.
I chose the Appliance Connection and they quickly responded to my house on Oct. 20.
The repair person, Ramone, said it needed 3 parts costing over $200 (didn't matter with warranty) and it would take 2 weeks to receive the parts from the factory.
He said if I haven't heard from him in 2 weeks, to call, confirm the parts had arrived, and make an appointment.
I called two weeks later during business hours, couldn't get through to a person, and I left a message.
I never heard back after a week, and I called again (during business hours, no answer, left a message).
Another week went by, and I called again.
Same thing.
I called Frigidaire on Nov. 29th, they tried to get through to Appliance Connection, but also had no luck.
Frigidaire referred me to another repair company, East Valley Appliance Repair.
They responded a day later, determined it needed only one inexpensive part, and that the previous repair person had removed several parts from the microwave!
EV Appliance Repair returned with the parts less than a week later and fixed our microwave.
As of Dec. 10, I have never heard back from Appliance Connection.

We found this company when we we were looking for someone to install our new microwave .
They were less expensive than the other three companies we called for a quote and  they did an excellent job!
When our dryer began to make loud squeaking noises,  we called them.
They quoted us a price which we felt was very reasonable.
Their technician serviced the unit.
A day or two later,  it began making the noise again, so we called again.
They came out and discovered a bearing going out.
The technician ordered the new part and only charged us for the part.
No additional service call!
When the part came in,  they installed it and the noise was  gone (and at no additional expense).
A month or so later we notice the dryer dial was not advancing and the clothes we getting over dried.
Again we called East Valley Appliance.
We knew this was a totally different issue and  we were told there would be a service charge for a technician to assess the problem and give us a price, but if we authorized the work,  the service call would be waived.
Mike the owner came out himself and discovered that it would cost more to repair than to replace.
He waived the service call and told us what to look for in a new dryer.
What service and integrity!

Great family owned service, came out and fixed my GE washer which was no longer under warranty.
Called GE, quoted me $89 to show up, then plus parts and labor.
EV Appliance Repair came out and fixed the washer for $101.53 including parts and labor.
GE service would have been at least that plus another $89, forget that and call local!

