This place is so overpriced it is amazing that they have any customers.
You can go to any mom & pop pet store or bigger chain store and find anything that is here... but for about 30% less.
For the same food I buy about a mile or two away at Sunflower Pet Supply,   Choice charged an extra $15-20 more.
Not even pretending to be competitive.
Yes they have a good selection but when it comes to price, this is the worst pet store in town.

WOW!
This place is super pricey.
Went to go buy food for my dog that cost me 30.99 at another store and they were charging 52.99 talk about a mark up.
The girl that helped me tried to push me to another food because she has had bad reviews on the one that I was there to purchase and I thought if there was such bad reviews then why are they selling it.
Seems to me that they just care about the money or they wouldn't even be selling the food that I came in for.
The manager looked like she just woke up hung over.
Very unprofessional I thought.

Absolutely will not buy my dog food anywhere else but Choice Pet Market.
We have two Great Danes that eat about 125lbs of food a month so needless to say we are in the store a lot.
Never once have we had a bad experience with shopping here.
Ashley is always more than willing to help people out and she works with us to price match for the best deal.
The higher standard of product and knowledgable staff make it well worth the price.
You get what you pay for.

Great place for pet supplies.
The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.
They have a great selection.

Top notch place for pet lovers.
I have Wayne to thank for hooking me up with my newly adopted Chihuahua "Tiffany" - she's stolen my heart.
I adopted her through One Dog Arizona which visits, with pets in tow, the Choice Pet Market in Chandler.
They so kindly not only gave me a starter bag of Grandma Mae's Country Naturals for Tiffany, but also gave me a bag of special blend for my overweight Chihuahua, Rosco.
They love this food.
I'll be back for more of the personalized attention my pets receive for their special needs.
Great place to do business!

Wayyyyyyyyyyyy too expensive.

Very knowledgable and helpful staff, however, they are wayyyy overpriced.
I've found the same products at other stores in the area for at least 30% less.

Over priced (200% - 300% more than elsewhere) and poor service.
I walked the entire store, passed 3 employees.
Nobody greeted or said one word to me.
I heard one male employee at the front talking to another about how there is usually just one customer in the store at a time.
He then said that if someone else may come in he just says he's in the store alone and then people understand.
Prices are outrageous.
For example, a large dog kennel priced at $144 but can be purchased on Amazon.com or even locally for just $80.
Brushes and accessories 50% or more.
A popular brand brush priced here for $24.99 and just $8.99 at Petsmart.

Went in there to grab some treats for our Westie, but should have read the other reviews.
Overpriced is an understatement.
Most treats were $10-20 (compared to same treats that run $5 at PetSmart) and, no joke, saw a chew toy for $40+.

We shop here regularly after adopting our dog there from Mini Might Mutts.
Extensive selection of high quality foods, and the employees are very knowledgeable.
I though I had done my research about dog food brands and recalls, but the people here really know all the latest info about pet food safety.
I am very particular about treats and chews, and they carry  many items MADE in the USA and I appreciate that!
The employees are so nice and helpful too.
I love the fact that they do NOT SELL animals here, but allow the dog rescues to hold adoptions instead.
This store in Chandler is conveniently right next to Whole Foods and Starbucks!

