My experience with dentists have been bad for many many years.
Most dentists usually destroy my mouth and make my gums feel like they have just gone though a blender; however, Dr. Meevasin is one who does not fit this description.
She is very gentle on the gums when she cleans, at first my gums bled from my poor brushing, but she referred me to use a sonicare and now I never bleed from my cleanings anymore.
I love getting my teeth cleaned from Dr. Meevasin because I get the same clean feeling without all of the pain.
The whole office, itself, makes you feel welcomed when you enter.
They have tea and coffee in the waiting room for you in MUGS!
Honestly, I've never seen a dental office that actually takes the initiative to clean each mug every customer drinks out of.
That is customer service at its greatest.
All in all, this office is as good as it gets.
If you want a reliable, professional, friendly dentist then you are in luck.

Nicest dentist office I've ever seen.
They have TV's above you so you can watch movies while getting your teeth cleaned!
It's perfect.
Takes the edge off.
I love the decor!
The staff is so nice and  Dr. Meevasin is so gentle.
I just love coming here!
It makes you want to go to the dentist!

Kid tested, mother approved.
I love this place.
Excellent care & child friendly.
Dr. Dee & her staff take the time to explain everything and my kids came out smiling.
The decor and cartoons (that they put on when they saw the kids coming in) is the cherry on top.
And for those of us who are prone to making appointments and forgetting about them...  they have a confirmation system in place that is tech friendly.
If you want to feel good about going to the dentist again, give this place a try.

Since I'm a writer/editor by trade I've been wracking my brain for weeks trying to think of a description that would do justice to this excellent, family-run dental practice.
But the best I can do is just recommend that if you're looking for a personable, professional, and price-competitive dentist here in Las Vegas, stop reading my blather right now and give Dee for Dentist a call.
Dr. Dee Dee and her staff bring the most up-to-date techniques and resources to this practice, as well as a sincere appreciation of and consideration for her patients.
(My wife is the world's most dental-phobic human, yet Dee Dee has found a way to set her at ease.
)  Dr.Dee Dee's husband, Mike, runs the office, which is tasteful and comfortable with beverages available (and offered when you sit down), along with WiFi, and Netflix in every room!
(Like me, Mike is a TechHead.
)  Furthermore, this is one dental office that doesn't have any promotional advertising littering the walls, a common and unwanted aspect of SO MANY dental practices these days.
(I can "forgive" the Sensodyne toothpaste in the waiting room because it has Dee Dee's picture ON THE BOX!!
Cool.
)  In those ad-ridden offices where the signage urged me to brace-this or whiten-that, I felt like a walking dollar sign as I came through the door.
At Dee For Dentist, I walk through the door and feel like family.
I'm sure you will, too.

I can not tell you how incredible this place is.
I am a girl who HATES the dentist, I dread the thought of even going.
I am new to the Vegas area and didnt have insurance, didnt have a dentist, and I had a cracked filling.
I needed to fix it right away so I found the closest dentist to me.
I called and Mike the office manager fit me in that day.
I paid out of pocket for xrays an exam and a cleaning.
After the exam was complete the doctor found some work that needed to be done.
Since I did not have insurance I was freaking out about the cost!
Well, Mike helped me and was giving me as many discounts as he possibly could.
I went home, found a dental plan and called Mike and he gave me the prices an hour later.
I made my appointment and in 3 days was back in the office dreading getting in the chair!
Dr. Meevasin made the procedure easy and fast.
She was so gentle, always making sure I was comfortable and doing okay.
She told me everything that was going on and was so patient with me when I wanted more numbing medicine!
The next day after my teeth had been worked on I got a call from her assistant making sure everything was okay.
NOT ONE TIME IN MY LIFE HAVE I EVER GOTTEN A PHONE CALL FROM A DENTIST OFFICE CHECKING TO SEE IF I WAS DOING ALRIGHT.
This was exceptional service and worth every penny.
I would never go to any other dentist.
I have had the worst experience with dentists and this has made me hate them, made me dread going, but coming to Dee For Dentist has made me change my mind.
I am incredibly grateful for how kind they were to me when I was terrified to be there!
Besides how amazing they are the office is extremely clean and decorated beautifully.

Best dental office I've been to ever anywhere.
Clean and relaxing environment with a really knowledgeable caring and friendly staff.
The dental equipment used is the best out there.
The star of this office is 100% Dr DeeDee.
She's extremely knowledgeable and helps you understand what's going on inside your mouth.
The work is first class.

I have always loved the dentist, but over the past few years, my teeth have been bothering me so I soon became afraid to go.
Finally, I got the courage to head over to Dee for Dentist.
I was glad I did!
I was pleasantly surprised at how beautiful the office is!!
It is extremely clean and everyone is super friendly!
The rooms feature netflix and you can also see the inside of your mouth on the screen if you want to.
I have never been to a cleaner and more comfortable dentist office in my life!
Dr. Dee Dee and her staff truly make you feel relaxed and actually leave you wanting to go to the dentist!
They are all smart, professional, and kind.
Thank you again Dr. Dee Dee!

Wow!
I must say this is the nicest dental office I've ever been to.
The pictures posted dont lie.
I came last minute during a Bach party because of the unbearable pain in my mouth.
My friend recommended this place since it was a friend of a friend.
I called in last minute and the doc was able to see me.
Yay!
She was great and so sweet!
My toothache is gone and I wish she was in Cali so I can make her my go-to dentist!

My wife and I moved to Las Vegas about a year ago and are fortunate to have found this place.
Alison, Mike and Dee are great.
Nice environment, friendly staff and good service.
I would recommend this place for anyone with dental phobias or anxiety.

Glory Be I have found my new dentist!
The whole experience was pleasant and welcoming.
Yes I said pleasant!
Every person in this office was professional and personal.
They made me feel like I was part of the team.
Loved the whole experience.
My t shirt gift was the cherry on top too cute!!
Teeth fixed, and look forward to schedule my next cleaning in the future:) Thanks guys!

Let me start by saying that I haven't been to a dentist in over 20 years.
Dentists terrify me.
But I had a situation where I had to go...and I am very glad I found Dee.
First, I called them at 10:30a, and they had me in at 1:00p.
Then, when it turned out I needed treatment STAT due to infection, but I was going to leave because my anxiety was through the roof, they called in a script to help calm me down, and fit me in for a second time to do the procedure.
The Doctor herself called me to check on me.
The entire staff was caring, professional, and efficient.
I highly recommend.

This is the best dental office ever!
Where do I begin...The office itself is super modern, bright, and clean!
They have a TV in every room and netflix going all day so you don't even feel like you are in a dental office.
It is definitely a plus to be able to watch a movie while getting your teeth worked on!
Every time my boyfriend and I come here Suzanne at the front is always so friendly and welcoming.
She makes it really easy to schedule appointments too!
The dental hygienist, Kristen, and dental assistant, Allyson, are both really sweet and caring too!
They don't treat you like just another patient and are always concerned with your comfort during any procedure.
Dr Dee Dee really cares about her patients and is really good at what she does.
I have been to other dentists that always rush through fillings and leave my teeth really uneven and uncomfortable.
But she really takes the time to explain what she is doing and make sure everything is perfect before you leave.
Now I finally don't mind going to the dentist anymore thanks to this place  :)

"I dont review often....... but when I do....... " I must say the most courteous and pleasant dental office I have ever been to.
Yes they are that awesome!!!!
A+++++ for sure in my book

Nobody looks forward to a trip to the dentist!
What a job you have!
Thank you so much for taking such good care of myself and my three kids.
EVERYONE on the team were so very nice and comforting.
I came to this office by word of mouth and now I will continue to spread the word!

