When these ladies left their prior salon to open this new one, I just had to follow them!!
I have not found a better quality pedicure or manicure anywhere in town or even out of town!
The massage is long, top notch, and now hot stones are even included!!
Plus they are as nice as could be.
My mother-in-law had been told by numerous salons that there was no hope for her lack of big toenail and had given up.
On her first visit to Centre Pointe she walked out with great looking feet for the first time in decades!
Thank you for that, and thank you for consistently excellent services!

Went in here for my Christmas Eve pampering.... always the best way to celebrate the end of the hectic season before celebrating with family.
I called earlier in the day to ask about an offer I had received in the mail, I wanted to upgrade to Shellac and they were knowledgeable and prompt.
When I came in later in the day, they were able to get me in right away.
The salon is spacious and clean.
The pedicure was lovely.
I had the hot stone, which included a nice long leg massage followed by a leg massage with the hot stones.
The whole time (and into my manicure) they had a hot herbal wrap on my shoulders.
The manicure was great, and Theresa was very personable and kind.
On my last session under the UV of the process, she took of the heat wrap and gave a nice shoulder massage.
Once cured I received an equally as nice and long hand and arm massage.
The ladies here are very polite and welcoming.
The prices are also fair for what you receive.
I grabbed a business card on my way out, and when I looked at it later I realized that it was the punch card I had heard about prior to coming.
I wish I would of looked at it sooner because I did not get my punch for my visit due to the fact I didn't see the back while there.
I wish this newly opened salon the best of luck, if they keep up what I saw on my visit, I am sure they will do just nicely!

Bought  a groupon for this place and used it yesterday.
Got a shellac mani and hot stone pedi.
The pedi was average not callus remover unless I wanted pay extra.
The mani was avg as well.
She put me under the light for a LONG time.
I paid $22 for $48 value.
This was  only worth $22!
wouldn't go back without a groupon again.

I came in on a groupon not expecting much, since lately I feel like businesses that are on groupon can't make it on their own because they are so baddddd... but I hate paying full price for nails so I gave it a shot.
I have to say I was pretty impressed.
The pedi was pretty standard but my shellac mani lasted for a good 3 weeks!!!
Being a nanny I'm constantly washing and sanitizing my hands so this was incredibly impressive.
Keep up the good work!

I purchased the Groupon for here and was getting anxious to use it.
I arrived 45 min early and they took me right away.
The place is all brand new.
It's has an open and spa like feel.
They put me in a brand new pedicure chair with a hot towel wrap in my neck.
I had the regular pedicure which includes the hot stones.
The whole thing lasted about 45 min.
And it was amaze.
What I liked the best was that there also was no constant chattering back and forth between workers and I was actually able to relax.
The place is extremely clean and sanitary.
The opened a brand new sanitized package of nail instruments for each customer and really took the time to make it a great experience.
I am switching to this salon as my new fav nail place!

A friend recommended me to try this salon out.
Wow!
Thats one word that describes this salon.
I only have had a pedicure done, because I dont get my nails professionally done.
The pedicure there is ONE OF A KIND (and I have had a million done) I always get the Cucumber Pedicure, this is the step above the regular one, and this is what it consists of, choice of color (French is extra, like all salons) they have a TON of diff colors if you are into that (I prefer a French Manicure).
You sit down and get a warm wrap around your neck, which feels amazing.
You then get the normal filing of the toenails,feet, and cuticle treatments.
You have the option for Sea Salt Scrub or Paraffin Wax .
I have gotten the Paraffin Wax 2X and it is the most amazing thing I have ever felt.
Anyone that has gotten their fingernails done for a long time has had the paraffin dip for their hands, but FEET?
I have never heard of it, now I am addicted.
It is so awesome and makes your feet so silky smooth.
What could top that off?
I will tell you!
You get the most amazing hot stone massage, topped off with a regular leg & foot massage.
Then she puts a hot towel on your legs to top it off.
You get your polish put on and you are about done, time to dry your feet.
By the way...The French is super straight not crooked and the best I have had.
Its hard to top this place!
You go over to the drying station and you think thats it, no not quite..You get a neck and shoulder massage.
This is by far the best pedicure I have ever had.
I live in Scottsdale about 20ish mins away (depending on traffic).
There are so many salons by me and I live, work and do everything here.
So trust me.
Its worth it.
My spa/salon I go to that I love!
Doesn't even compare, which is a shocker for me.
The upgraded Cucumber Pedi is $30 and the French is $5.00.
So worth it.
I would bet anything you will LOVE this place!
Also all the women that do your nails are super friendly and its a fun place.
The lady Melissa that checked me in is funny and a great addition to the salon.
I will be back time and time again!
:)  Side Note- Make sure you bring cash, because you have to tip in cash.
You dont want to stiff the girls who do your nails!

Centre Pointe Nails is my favorite salon and has been since they opened back in October!
First off, these girls (Trisha and Chi) have done a great job making this nail salon a nice and relaxing environment!
The ambience of the salon is much more of that of a day spa than a nail salon, and the services they offer are amazing!
I recommend the Cucumber Sea Pedicure!

tried out this place from a groupon and have continued to go since then (even though it's a couple miles from my home - it's worth it).
it has a wonderful ambiance and everyone there is very nice (especially Chi!
) - it's not the usual chop shop vibe if you know what I'm saying.
prices are also very reasonable - same or less than what you would pay for at the chop shops.
I get a french pedi and french gel mani and feel like a princess when I leave.
they also will fix any chips or peelage that occurs within a week of purchase - for free   I love the small private parking lot and have never had trouble parking.
As far as payment, I use my credit card to pay for the services and then give them the tip in cash ( they request all tips in cash)  try this place out!

I, too, bought the Groupon, and wow, was it worth it!
I've gone back now once to redo my color -- the Shellac nails are AMAZING.
I'm very hard on my fingernails and it was a delight to have a manicure that lasted so well for four weeks.
I'll definitely be going back again and again!
Wonderful spa, delightful atmosphere, lovely staff.

Best nail place out there!
I got the shellac gel pedicure by a girl named Trisha, which was amazing.
It started with a soak, then filing, cleaning, and scrubbing.
After that was the hot stone massage on my legs, then the lotion massage.
All I wanted to do was go to sleep because it felt so good.
Then the shellac gel process which is quite lengthy, but then they give you a back rub when everything is over!
I paid $38.00 not including tip.
They prefer cash tips and they give you a card that you can get stamped every time you go in.
After 10 stamps you get 40% off your next appointment.
I'll be going back in a few weeks in order to get the gel nails done on my hands; I won't be needing my toes done anytime soon!

Found my dream nail place!!
Right down the street from me, my neighbor told me about this place and wow, totally love it!!
Got the cucumber pedi spa which includes choice of sea salt scrub or foot mask, hot lotion massage and hot stone rub plus soothing heel ointment!
( you had me at hot stone!
) All ending with a neck massage, woohoo!!
Very quiet and soothing, the gals are very friendly and offer bottled water.
You don`t feel like your shuffled in and out like other places!
ANother perk is you can get a punch card and after 10 visits,you get 40% off on the 11th visit.
Really amazing place!

Chi is awesome.
So creative and attentive.
I love this place.

I bought the groupon for 3 manicures and pedicures.
The first one I got an ingrown toenail, I had to refile my nails as they weren't straight or even.
I went for the second one, thinking I may have just had an inexperienced person.
Unfortunately, this was not the case.
My ingrown toenail was make worse, I had to straighten my fingernails again.
I am not using the the third one & will never go back there again.
When did hitting the sides of your legs count as a massage?
I have never understood that & make them stop everytime, it hurts and doesn't feel good.

Loved this place for severals reasons...my Motherinlaw (wheelchair bound) had a very nice manicure they were very accommodating for her!
Trisa bought to our attention her toe nail problems also!
Then she gave me a wonderful Cucmber Pedi-we chatted and she felt like we could have been Friends for a long long time!
Thankyou very much Trisa ...we will be back and I will tell my friends here to come see you-for some SPECIAL CARE!!
LP :-)

I absolutely LOVE this place.
I have been searching for a good nail salon that I can stay with for very long time and I finally found it!!
I love all the ladies that work there especially Chi for my acrylic nails and TD, Yiang, Mei, or Tricia for my pedi's!!
They are all so personalbe and so nice!
They make every moment worth the next...
I recently got eye lash exensions done there and was so happy with the results!!
This place is amazing and I would recommend it to anyone and everyone that loves to be pamperred!

Love this place, best full set I've had to date.
Very little wait when I have an appointment, prices are reasonable, place is clean.
Chi is the best :)

My Daughter and I were staying down the street and needed pedicures BAD.
So we were walk ins and waited only 10 mins.
We BOTH had the best pedicures EVER.
Most places rush with no chance to relax, so not the case here.
We both enjoyed the massage chairs and the no rush massage on our feet.
After the polish , you move to dry under the lamps and they finish up with a neck and shoulder massage!
Nice touch!
The place was super calm and relaxing with nice spa music.
I only wish I lived closer.
Thank you Ladies

I probably won't be returning to this salon for my nails again.
The girl who did them made them way too thin and one of them broke before I even left her chair.
I went in with a photo of what I wanted and she just didn't deliver.
Wouldn't recommend for gels or acrylics.

Finally found a decently-priced good pedicure!
Centre Pointe is in a small shopping strip on North 16th Street, up near the Hilton Squaw Peak.
They accept walk-ins (which I usually am), and I've always been seated pretty quickly.
They have a "frequent visitor" card, where after 10 visits you get 40% off the 11th.
They do manicures, pedicures, and waxing, though I've only gotten pedicures so far.
The place looks and smells clean.
I think they need to add more colors in their collection to choose from, but overall I'm pleased with this location.
Also, they accept cards but want tips in cash.

I went back again for the paraffin pedicure, because I LOVED it.
I was waiting for it to be bad this time, because it seems like every nail salon you go once and the next time, it sucks!
Centre Point however, did NOT disappoint.
I was so happy.
My feet feel like silk when leaving.
This is the best place.
I also love they give you this little menu, instead of saying you want sea salt and you say OK and get charged $10.
This place points it all out for you.
Its so nice.
I chose the paraffin pedi, which is a little more, but I PROMISE you, it is by far the BEST and worth it!!!
You get an amazing leg/foot massage and they take their time.
They use hot stones as well.
Its so amazing, I feel like I am walking on air when I leave.
Just yelping makes me want to go back LOL!
The ladies are so nice.
The offer you beverages if you want, they really make you feel at home.
I dont use the massage part of the chairs, but they are over sized and very comfy as well :)   The only problem is it is 20 mins from house and for a quick last minute pedi, I settle for a sub par place by my house.
Thank you again for consistency and great service.

Went in and wanted the pointy acrylics and boy did I get them!
I love my nails.
Kenny did an amazing job and met my expectations 100%.
I even went back 5 mn after I left because one of my nails smudged and they didn't blink an eye and fixed my nail.
It was a great price ($30, I got short nails) and quick.
I was there about an hour!
I love, love my nails.
Chi the owner is wonderful too.
5 stars!
Please check them out!

Love this place.
They are very friendly and skilled.
Plus who doesn't love a place where they remember you even though you only come in at most once a month.
The prices are great too and include what most places charge extra for--hot stone massage, neck message, callus removal.

Chi, the owner, has been doing my nails for almost 5 years.
This new place of hers is so lovely and relaxing.
They do the best spa pedicures; over an hour of pampering and at a reasonable cost.
I also get my acrylic nails done there and they always look fabulous.
They even work with me when I get inspired with new nail designs and help bring my vision to fruition!
Today was black with white polka dots!
Chi even stayed late to finish me, as she was so busy.
Friendly people, good service.
I recommend them to all my gal pals, and now to you!

They do a great job here!
It's clean and professional.
Walk-ins are hit-or-miss, in the sense that they may not be able to accommodate you on the fly, but it's well-worth the extra effort to plan ahead and make an appointment.
(or, at least call when you have the thought: "Hey!
I want a pedicure.
") In addition to a great manicure and/or pedicure, you'll likely be treated to a complimentary shoulder rub while waiting for your polish to dry: a GREAT bonus!

I am SOOO disappointed in Centre Point Nails!!!
The first time I went I had Tina who called herself "Tina tuna" and then kept laughing like it was funny-NOT Professional!
She was in such a hurry that it wasn't even relaxing!
My pedicure was so-so, but I was with my sister who had Christine and she was WONDERFUL!!!
Christine took her time and her toes still looked great after two weeks!
We decided to go back and bring someone else, so when I made the appointment I said "NO TINA" and they replied with no problem.
Guess who I got?
Tina!
I decided to give her another chance without saying anything else.
WHAT A DISASTER!
My toenails are just okay, but the edges are already rubbing off the ends cause she is in such a big hurry that she doesn't coat them well!
Both of my thumbnails chipped off the inside corner the next day!
I hadn't even washed dishes yet!
When I called the next day and asked for a manager she was EXTREMELY rude and told me there was no guarantee on the manicures, only the gels and for only 1 week.
I get it, except the next day???
No excuses!
I said I just spent $80 there 2 days ago and she wouldn't offer to reprint them???
It's only pennies to do that!
I told her then I wouldn't be back.
She said "I was going to offer to repaint your thumbs, but since you said you wouldn't come back, forget it" and hung up.
Really???
Whatever happened to CUSTOMER SERVICE???
Definitely won't go back and I have told all my girlfriends so we will take our services elsewhere every month!
Spend your hard earned money elsewhere, there are PLENTY of other shops around!

Centre Pointe is the best!
Clean, relaxing and great nail technicians!
Every one is professional and well trained.
You will LOVE it!

I went twice, the first time I thought it was me, but basically if I wanted to be treated like cattle I would have gone to a stock yard.
Its a meat shop in there and I wondered about the cleanliness as I watched the techs and the movement of tools.
I would rather turn down business then treat people like cattle.I go to get my nails done as a special time for myself, not to be squeezed in and rushed.

Love love this nail salon.
My best friend and I have been coming here for awhile now, so the two sisters that own the salon know us well.
This is the only nail salon I have been to that uses hot stones with all their pedicures which is my favorite part.i would highly recommend this nail salon due to the friendly staff, excellent value, and you definitely get your money worth.
They won't hurry to get you in and out, they take their time and make sure your nails look perfect.

I've been getting pedicures here and they're great.
They do a hot stone massage of your legs and feet that is wonderful.
But yesterday I had fills by JENNIFER and she did an AWFUL  job.
My nails are all lumpy and uneven.
A few are too thick while the rest are okay.
If you need good fills go to DV Nails, not here.

I'm always disappointed in my pedicure massages ... Until today!
Mai gave what was HANDS DOWN the best pedicure and massage I've experienced!
Just got the basic standard pedicure and the massage seemed to never end and was firm but not painful and sooo relaxing!
Amazing place!
25 minutes from my home and 10,000 places I could go in between but ill be making the drive regularly!
Totally worth it!!

Great spot!
Tricia is fantastic, but everyone here is friendly and hospitable.
I love the calm and clean atmosphere; it is more spacious and relaxing than many of the nail salons in town.
This place is incredibly clean -- it's spotless -- and the professional, personalized, service of one on one attention makes me feel appreciated for my patronage.
Did I mention how friendly everyone is?
I'm super happy I found this spot, and I happily tip heavy because they treat me so well!
I walk out with pretty toes and a happy soul!

I treated my daughter to a pedicure about a week ago, and we had a most enjoyable experience.
We were walk-ins, and the salon was quite busy.
We each picked out a color; however, after noticing and complimenting another client on her toe color, I switched to her color to have my toes done.
The atmosphere is clean and quiet, and everyone is friendly and welcoming.
I had been referred by two of my friends and thought I would try this place for myself - I am very happy, and we will go back.
I had designs painted on each of my big toes for Halloween, and I am confident the colors and designs will last until then - they are holding up very nicely.
I do not mind then asking for a "cash tip"; this is a practice of mine at hair salons, restaurants, etc.
whenever possible.
Overall, our experience was very positive, and we both felt very relaxed with pretty feet!

i have gone to many nail salons in the area, and this is the only salon that I have found worthy of being a loyal customer to.
It doesn't matter what tech you get, they all do a very good and personalized job.
The relaxing hand massage and time taken for the client is far superior to other salons.
This salon is the best and I am have always been pleased with the professional and pleasant techs.
I am a regular and i intend to stay one.

My favorite place in Phoenix for a mani/pedi.
Talented staff.
Lovely, calm -- and very clean -- setting.
State-of-the-art products/equipment.
Love Chi and her customer-friendly team.

Had to find a new nail salon since I moved did a lot of "research" on Yelp and found this one so I decided to try them because of all the good reviews they did an amazing job (I'm picky) they were very friendly and outgoing I will definitely be going back and they are going to b my nail salon!
I would recommend them to everyone!

What a great experience!
A friend of mine said I was moving near the best nail spa in Phoenix and she was right.
Being a professional hair stylist,  I am more than aware of cleanliness and what steps are necessary to create the best manicure and pedicure.
I can't express how pleased I was with the quality of work and cleanliness of Centre Pointe Nails.
Not to mention the extras that they do:  massage, heated pad on neck and neck massage after pedicure.
The women were very polite and thoughtful.
So much so that when they spoke in their own language to each other, one of them stopped to tell me what they were chatting about so I didn't feel like they were talking about me.
We always wonder!
:)  Although I didn't mind, I thought it was very considerate.

Years and years of trying one nail salon after another and I've found a winner.
The salon is very clean and everyone is as nice as can be.
They offer a warm neck pillow and water upon sitting down, the pillow is a must try.
Large color selection and quality polish.
I don't remember the last time I've been so relaxed during a pedicure, thank you!

I have been going to this nail salon for two years now, I love it they are so good and super nice.
I have never not loved my nails or pedicures, everyone is great I go to Tracy she is awesome always nice and my gel nails last a long time and still look good.
I would definitely recommend this nail salon to anyone who wants there nails an toes looking great.

First time in this salon.
I was impressed they were able to fit me in with no waiting on a Saturday morning.
The salon was a popular place to be when I arrived but they didn't make me feel like I was an inconvenience without an appointment.
I loved how spacious the space was, stepping inside I felt like I was at a spa and not a "strip mall nail salon.
" The gal who did my nails was friendly and efficient.
I would definitely recommend this location to anyone looking for a nice neighborhood nail place.
The prices were reasonable, maybe a bit high, but from the other reviews I conclude the experience AND THE QUALITY make it worth a couple extra dollars.

Great place!
Incredible pedi's at very reasonable prices.
The suite is clean and well maintained.
They offer a variety of services so you almost have one stop shopping (add a hair salon inside and it's the whole package!).
I had the cucumber pedi today.
$35 gives you a standard pedicure with callus remover, paraffin wax, hot rock massage and a relaxing experience.
I've been to other places, nothing compares.
I won't go anywhere else and would recommend to anyone.

Wow what a dissapointment!!
I bought the $17 coupon on a website called Signpost.
I drove clear out to this place from the west valley.
The pedicure was decent.
The manicure was good.
I gave them my voucher before the manicure, but when I went to sit under the light and dry my nails, they told me they did not recognize the voucher.
They tried several times to get ahold of the manager and when they couldn't, they wanted me to write down my credit card information in case the manager did not accept the voucher!!
I even showed them on my phone where I purchased it and and my bank statement that showed that i bought it a week ago!
Like I was going to leave my credit card info floating around somwhere!
I dont think so!
And then they wanted me to pay full price for the mani/pedi and refund me at a later date once they verified the voucher.
Needless to say, I refused.
I left the place with 2 nails that got messed up since they didn't get to dry properly because they had my digging around in my purse and on my phone!!
no thank you!

So hard to find good salons!
They are very clean and professional.
I get the paraffin wax pedicure with hot stone and massage and it comes to $33- VERY affordable and they do an amazing job!

I love this place- clean, great staff, lots of colors that are often brand new each season, reasonable prices.
However, there is one young girl who works here who unapologetically rushes straight through her work and often does a sloppy job.
It is terrible!
One time I came with friends for pedicures.
I was seen fifteen minutes after them and yet she finished my pedicure fifteen minutes earlier than them.
I got a pedicure today and watched her do the same thing to another customer.
Five stars without this girl.. Three stars with.. Evens out to a 4.
It's a shame because the rest of the staff is great but she definitely taints my experience...

