Anyone who says this store is overpriced is just angry that they weren't able to get their hands on a 99 cent Spice Girls lunchbox (perfect condition from 1997)!
And yes, I do mean the very lunch box that was recently sold online for $165!
My dad went in when it first opened and told me that it was horrible.
But my dad isn't like me.
He won't spend hours lurking secondhand shops for bargains.
Today was my first time going and I was really impressed.
The store is huge, and very clean.
It's not like Goodwill where you feel like you need to stand under a science lab shower immediately after leaving the store.
Maybe I'm the only one who feels that way, but whatever!
They had a big collection of very cute, vintage tins.
I picked a Snow White one up for $4.
They had a pretty big pile of vintage clothing patterns, each 70 cents.
The two I got are from 1969 and 1970!
My best find was the Spice Girls lunchbox.
I nearly died when I saw it sitting on the shelf, staring back at me...
When I was in kindergarten, I envied my friend for having one and loathed my mom for depriving me of one.
But thanks to Savers, that grudge has been laid to rest as I am finally the proud owner of a Spice Girls lunchbox!
Next time I am in the mood for bargain shopping, I will definitely skip Goodwill and head straight for Savers!

Really for a thrift store it's not bad.
It's clean and organized and you are not sad in there by poor lighting and rude staff.
My sister and I spent 1.5 hours in there sifting through merchandise.
Some made us laugh and some stuff was actually cute.
There definitely out dated items like your Jordache teal colored jeans or 1987 prom dress.
The furniture was definitely out dated too.
Some things were over priced.
I could go to that store where it originated and get a better deal but in this case you know it's for a good cause.
They help people in need with the profits.
The best score for me was children's books.
I got 5 books for 4 and .69 each.
My 3 year old was very content while shopping!
There are great deals and a great selection on all kinds of books, DVDs, video games, etc.
All in all, decent.
Worth going there more if you have something in mind than going there open minded.
There is a lot to sort through.

Very clean and a great selection of books but somewhat overpriced for a second hand store.

Im a resale junkie.
I love em..dirty clean it doesnt matter as long as there are goods to be had.
This store is hard to find if you are not familiar with Scottsdale.
Good thing I have GPS or I would have been lost.
The store is huge and clean!!
The racks are not very full which is a concern because I have seen 3 SAVERS close in the past few months.
I did find some things.
Vintage Strawberry Shortcake dolls.
$8 a bag but got them for half off...score.
A vintage Secret of Nimh metal lunch box $20 but half off as well score for $10.
A few clothes for the kids but not much else.
Typical thrifting day for me.
Sometimes you score...sometimes you don't.
I did feel that they were overpriced.
I shop alot of Savers and I feel this one prices somethings higher because where they are located.
Good for them I guess if they can sell it.
overall I will go back when in the area.

The store is huge and very organized...also clean.
But I love shopping for a bargain and I just wasn't getting it here.
The clothes were very over-priced for used clothing...I would rather shop new at Marshalls and get a better deal.
If you are looking for inexpensive books then this store is right for you.
Not impressed and won't be back.

Another thrift store where once I enter there is no coming out empty handed.
Love how well organized, open and clean this one is.
Dressing rooms are awesome.
Some prices are a bit too high yet just as many and maybe more are surprisingly low.
I'm definitely a fan and it's great that they offer daily half price promotions and that the money the store earns goes toward a good cause.
3$ off coupon if you donate (anything) and a stamp card where once you fill it up you get 30% off your entire purchase.
Recommended!

I love this savers!
I saw some 7 jeans for $30 dollars and got some joe jeans for $12 yay!
Best buy yet were my ferragamos for $12 great designer selection at this savers

I've been to this Saver's twice now.
The first time I came in search for an "ugly" holiday sweater for work.
While there were plenty of ugly sweaters, they weren't exactly what I was looking for.
Instead, I opted to make my own and purchased two red sweaters (one for me and one for my husband) for under $6.
This was a great find and price!
I feel like all the clothing is decently priced and they have a good selection.
I also like how it is organized by shirt type, which is really helpful!
On my most recent trip, I needed a checkered/flannel type shirt for an upcoming event.
Again, there were plenty to choose from!
I finally found one by Guess for $8.
Another great find!
I definitely like this Saver's over other Goodwill's (and the like) I've been to.
It is much bigger (with more items) and seems cleaner.
I'll definitely be back.

This was our second Savers store in the area and it didn't disappoint.
Each of us found something extra that we will need to figure out how to fit into our luggage, but the Dooney  & Burke purse my wife found was the best steal - at least that's what she  says.
The store is organized, clean and has some darn good prices on some barely used clothing - I was amazed at the compliments I received at work from my 18 dollar threads!
Don't like saying too much about these types of stores, because too many people will catch on!

Pretty typical hit and miss but mostly hit.
Help here very friendly and no smells...my, my..isn't that unusual for a thrift store.
Love this big, bright and very clean store!
A winner in my book for thrifting!

A friend of mine likes to point out that Savers, as opposed to Goodwill, is a "for profit" business.
No matter, I love them both.
Like Goodwill, I come here most for the books.
The knick-knacks, and all of the other "stuff" is fun to go through and seems to be of very high quality.
When the Ulitmate Electronics closed a few years ago, I was surprised that Savers wanted the space.
But in the end, I guess it was a matter of location, location, location as they say.
Savers also has a frequent buyer's card and discounts for seniors on Wednesdays.
If you sign up, they will email you when they are having sales.
Nice!

I can't say enough great things about this Savers.
I have had the best luck finding high end jeans, and other clothing on almost every other visit.
Because this location is on my way home from work, I tend to stop by every day, just to look (ya right!).
The staff is always SO FRIENDLY, and accommodating.
Their selection of shoes is usually pretty good too.
Great men's shirts.
Great woman's shirts...  Great everything!!!!

Savers ROCKS!
Clean, doesn't have the creepy vibe that a lot of thrift stores have.
Funny to me that one reviewer said, "...go to other stores where you can get new at same price.
" Sure, you can get a new tee at WalMart nearby for the same $8, but there are some GREAT quality brands here, not just "cheap" stuff.
This location receives donations of a lot of high-end brands/good quality stuff.
I have gotten Chico's, Ralph Lauren, Tommy, Banana Republic, Nike, Hollister & more.

So, I've been a fan of Savers for years - been to Austin, San Jose, you name it, and have always shopped at the Elliot location in AZ, but after this last visit, this is my favorite store.
My husband usually waits for me in the car, while I dart through the store looking for furniture so we don't have to sit on the floor anymore ;-) Last week was half off day - what an adventure - the store was packed, but we found a king bed that was perfect.
Plus, I donated and recieved a 30% off coupon I could use for the bed - wahooo!
The front and back staff were so nice and accommodating even though there were millions of people there that day.
They moved  it up to the front so we could come back and pay for it, and they even helped us load it into the truck.
Who, by the way, are the only people who have ever offered to help us move anything from a store!
Thanks to everyone at this store for making it an enjoyable experience to find affordable stuff.
We really appreciate your customer service and friendly attitude despite the craziness of sales - truly outstanding staff!

Wow, this is a pretty fancy thrift store!
Go figure, since it's in North Scottsdale.
It's very spacious, with a lot of variety, and everything is very well-organized.
If you get past the sweaty clothes smell when you enter (The rest of the store smells a lot better!
), you can find a lot of good bargains for very high quality items.
There are various household items such as nice silk floral arrangements and foliage, cooking supplies, espresso machines, and automatic pet feeders.
As for fashion items, when I went they had Gucci glasses cases, Coach and Dooney and Burke handbags, Jimmy Choo handbags, and a large selection of women's, men's, and children's clothes and shoes.
Clothing and shoe designers included J.Crew, Banana Republic, and Coach.
Prices are equal to or cheaper than prices at Goodwill.
I found some very nice, high thread count pillowcases for $.99 each.
The high-end designer wares and electronics (Such as cameras, and a Sony E-Reader when I looked) will be in a glass case.
Check out was easy, and I like their summer punch card/stamp system (You get a stamp for every $5 you spend, and once you fill the card you get 30% off your next purchase).
I was pretty impressed with this thrift store.
I'll definitely be returning next time I'm in this area!

I love thrift shopping and this Savers is one of the best spots in town.
It's clean, well organized and has really great staff.
I've dropped off donations as well as shopped and both experiences were easy and pleasurable.
Great finds and fun Halloween costumes.
This Savers is top of the line!

Can find some treasures here!
Timing is everything!

This store has a great location.
However there prices are ridiculous and almost close to retail.
Even on there 50% off days, items are still not that good of a deal compared to getting items online or even other stores.
Last year this store took random sweaters and super glued Christmas random knick snacks on it, each sweater was at least priced at $19.99 or more.
It wasn't even made with care.
They called them ugly Christmas sweaters, but anyone can use a glue gun and get stuff from the dollar store.
The jewelry is priced at pretty much what retail is on the items in their display case.
I was at this location opening day and always shopped and donated here.
However for a good deal and a great find there are many other locations I will take my business too.
It's very unfortunate, but after visiting this location multiple times and walking out empty handed because of the crazy mark ups.
It's a thrift store where items are donated.
Used items should not have these such high prices!
If they are "worth something" this savers is asking the full price!

This place is like a garage sale ran by Uncle Scroogle.
Junk at high prices.
Items are often more than retail even though they are noticeably used.
I often like to look at the electronics to chuckle at the prices.
Two of the same item, one in a box that is obviously not the item is double the price.
Wow that's expensive for a Playststion that obviously doesn't work.
Multiple dollars for cheap glassware from McDonalds.
Stupid.
Maybe the clothes rack has a deal or two, but avoid everything else.

