Had the misfortune of buying a coupon from Eversave for this company to clean my pool each week for 4 weeks.
George the owner came to my house today and instead of looking at my pool, he immediately went to the filter recommending expensive repairs.
Little did he know I had my pool and  filter inspected the week before and no problems.
Further more the entire filter was taken apart and cleaned.
My pool was clean, but I was sincerely looking for a pool service and wanted to try them out.
Here is the kicker George informed me he would provide a weekly pool service for $88 per month, but I had to provide all the chemicals.
I have had several pool service companies clean my different pools over the last 20 years and have never ever had any of them ask me to provide the chemicals.
After all how do you clean a pool without chemicals.
IMHO George is one of the rare pool services that are looking to soak their customers with expensive unnecessary pool repairs and charge an outrageous price to brush down the pool once a week and use chemicals the customer has to purchase.
STEER CLEAR THE COMPANY IS A SCAM!!!

Horrible!!!
We bought a groupon for four weeks of cleaning and from the minute he arrived he was very pushy and immediately started up selling us on all these unnecessary upgrades and repairs that were absolutely unnecessary on our brand new 2 year old pool.
He was rude and made me uncomfortable as a woman alone with him because he made awkward comments about using me and being a total creep.
During the 4 weeks of service he was inconsistent in the days he came, which is the opposite of what he told me - he also said that or dog's would be okay but then would miss appointments claiming it was due to the dogs in the backyard.
He was going to charge us $95 for a month, but we found another company that will do it for $70 a month for the same service plus the new company was upfront about not wanting the dogs in the backyard and provided a free lock for our gate so our backyard wasn't open to just anyone.
After we fired him, he called me about three times, wrote my various emails and delivered a hand written letter at 6:45am on a work day morning.
I felt like I was going through a bad break up in high school!
I finally had to tell him he was really creeping me out and to stop contacting me.
Then the jerk sent me a bill for the last week of service when we had only used the 4 weeks for which we had a groupon.
Is this guy even licensed, bonded and insured?
I should have checked before hiring him, but I seriously doubt it.
DON'T USE HIM!

Beware!!!
After putting up with George and his incompetent staff for over 6 long months I was happy when we said enough today.
We were always given an excuse as to why our pool was never clean, thankfully we never fell for his scam.
"your water is old it needs to be drained" $700, "your pump is old you need a new one" $1200, "your pop ups aren't working right" $1400.
I can go on and on but the final straw was when he billed us for "extra chemicals"!!
Really extra chemicals this was part of our service agreement, he would provide the chemicals.
Just a few more,,, his staff cleaned our filter on our flagstone, left our hose out and never rinsed the mess off.
I witnessed his employee jumping over our gated wall, the day i fired him!
What was this guy doing here?
He said George asked him to stop by and find out why I let him go!!
!, I asked him, by jumping over my wall???
What was this guy REALLY doing on my property???
Good thing I was home or our dog would have had a new chew toy!
To this day I don't know how or why we put up with George, his sheisty demeanor or his staff as long as we did.
Good riddance.

Buyer be ware.
The idea was for us to spend our money helping the small business.
Unfortunately this small business plane out sucks and I also think they're in Nevada too.
The owner is George and every inch of these reviews I been reading about him is true.
You have a complaint.
He will give you any excuse he can think of.
You give him a problem he will sales pitch you.
I paid George $85 a month for pool service since early summer of 2012.
And since then there has been at least 3-4 different pool service men or women to come by my house to clean the pool.
There is high turn overs for employment with this crew.
Not to mention the two I seen fit the description for hard drug users.
One employee of his had the striking resemblance of a meth or bath salt user.
Over the course of service of once a week.
It was aggravating for us to find out no one showed to service the pool  on our specific day.
No calls ahead of time for this matter.
Only if you call George 2 to 3 times and really emphasize to him will you then get the no show calls.
We were home one day to see the service and it was like 5 minutes kid you not.
No scrubbing the pool walls, a quick check of chlorine level, check the basket for leaves etc., turn the pump on and mark on the service sheet he/she was here.
So $20 for 5 minutes was our service.
Maybe once a month they stick around for 15 minutes at the very least.
For good pool service I should not have to call nor track down to ask what all is done.
Do yourself a favor like me and find another pool service.
Very low score card I have with this company.
No personal vendettas on my part just don't waist my hard earn cash.

Why...WHY...did I not look at Yelp before hiring them?!
Yelp has never done me wrong, but man - am I paying the price.
For all the reasons that have already been mentioned (upselling, creating problems that didn't exist prior, overcharging) and much, much more, I fired them after only two months of service.
Enough said.

I bought my home 4 years ago and i never had to care for a pool before.
I went through a few different pool companies and just had enough...
I was not satified with any of them.
My friend recommended me to Pool Daddy and at first i was skeptical but thought i would give it one last attempt...
I have now been with Pool Daddy for over 2 years and recommend George to everyone.
It's very disappointing to hear so many people talk badly about him and his company on Yelp when he has been nothing but upfront, honest and timely with me.
Great service, great attitude and my pool is always so beautiful.
Thanks George your the best and looking forward to many more years of great service!

This service is the absolute best!
I have had two other pool services and they cannot touch Mr. George and his crew.
He did a fantastic job of getting the pool clean and the chemicals balanced.
The rates he charged were reasonable.
He never missed a week.Mr.George is professional, knowledgeable, and his prices are competitive.
I would definitely recommend him to anyone.

George has cleaned my pool for a couple years.
He has always been very punctual.
He has made himself available at all times.
I like to entertain a lot and he has always been there to clean the pool for me before my parties.
I believe his prices are fair.
I highly recommend his services!

I wish I never called George when my pool turned green.
On the phone he told me that the consultation was free but wen he showed up he asked for $40 fee for a 5 minute talk.
We ended up hiring him to clean the pool for 3 visits he charged us $250.
He received 125 up front and the rest supposed to be after his last visit.
After he was done he refused to come pick up the check and insisted on me going out of my way to his bank to deposit him money.
I am sorry but this is in his best interest to pick up his money and make arrangment with me.
I am not going to go out of my way.
Lets not forget the multiple txt msgs, I felt like I was harrased.
He was very disrespectful, pushy and overpriced.
I never met such a bad business man in my whole life.
I never wrote a negative review in my life but I took extra time to do this this time so that this can be a warning to all of you.

George is a great guy.
I really appreciate everything what he did for me.
When I bought a house my pool and bath were both in horrible condition.
On a recommendation of a friend, I hired him 3 months ago.
This guys are good.Their service was over my expectation.
I think I'm gonna be "stuck" with Pool Daddy probably for the next few years :-)  Highly recommend him because of the service prices, quality and the way how he treat his customers

Being from the Valley of the Sun, I have been through my share of pool services.
There are so many companies out there with employees that know absolutely nothing about swimming pools.
When I was given Pool Daddys number by a friend I was skeptical but called anyway.
I am so happy that I did.
They were very prompt, friendly and did an amazing job.
He was able to give me tips I could use in between visits to keep my pool running smoothly, something no other company has ever provided.
Thanks a million!

I needed a weekly pool maintenance service for my rental property in Scottsdale.
I searched and found Pool Daddy so I decided to give them a shot since my landlord didn't know anyone and they were paying for it anyway.
I haven't interacted with them too much, I just know that my pool is always clean and blue, and they always let me know to add more water so that my pump works properly (I have an older pool that doesn't automatically fill itself up).
I haven't had any problems with my pool in over a year since I started using Pool Daddy's services.
I pay them on time, and they come out every week on time (usually before I wake up for work) but I just leave the gate open when I know they are coming and they never disrupt my sleep or anything.
No issues yet, and I don't foresee any in the future.
I've already referred a few of my south Scottsdale neighbors to George after their pool guys left them "high and dry" (pun intended).
These guys know their stuff, highly recommended local business!

In my experience of hiring pool maintenance in the past years, many companies are difficult, complicated, and overpriced.
But with pool daddy, they have gone above and beyond my expectations in the quality of work that they provide.
They are on time, honest, and friendly in their line of work.
They sincerely do their best to make their clients happy and well informed about the work they do.
In most every case, I've found my pool cleaned and well maintained through pool daddy's service.
I highly recommend using pool daddy if you want service you can actually trust and get along with as well as the excellent service provided till this day.

Pool Daddy has pool maintaining my pool for quite awile,we have also had repairs done and they did a great job with a very fair price.
Highly Recommend this company.

George has cleaned  my pools for last couple years and I am very happy that I found him.
I own couple rental properties in Scottsdale and had a very hard time find a pool cleaning company that they really do what they say... George  and his team are doing a great job my pools are always sparkly and my tenets are very happy.
They take care of everything cleaning and repairs.
The trust was very imortant to me and I can really trust George....

I needed some repairs done to pool plumbing.
Called a couple of providers I found on Craigslist.
George was able to share what his company would do, approximately what it would cost, and when they could be there.
I asked him for two references who checked out GREAT.
Josh gave me some advice on how to try and fix one problem instead of tearing up the concrete to get at the underground pipe.
He didn't have the right parts due to an unusual install by the builder.
Came back and did the work very nicely.
Cleaned up.
No upselling, overselling.
Josh is so darn knowlegeable and friendly.
Will use Pool Daddy again.

Prior to George coming to my house to help me out, I had two other pool companies come out to address some issues with my pool.
The other two companies were shocking (If I find time, i'll post reviews on them).
George was brilliant.
He diagnosed the issues in about 5 minutes and got everything fixed in about 15.
He gave me some solid advice about how to treat my pool, manage it and taught me about some of the components that I didn't know about.
I asked if I needed a few other things looked at (the previous pool company quoted me $400 for some work on my back wash valve) - George said there was absolutely nothing wrong with it and carried on with his work.
After the job was done he hung around and chatted for a moment or two - super nice guy.
I have now entered into a weekly service with him and his team at a rate that is actually the best i've found to date.
You would think that it should be pretty easy to find good and reliable service in the valley seeing as there are probably about 12 million pool in this state, this couldn't be further from the truth.
George and 'Pool Daddy' are lightyears ahead of their competitors.
My search for a decent pool team ended here.
Cheers George.
Top man!

I been using this company for my pool repair and cleaning for long time.
I love their customer service and affordable prices.
Thank you!

These guys are awesome.
Redid our entire pool & tile in less than a week.
I was so impressed by the quality of work - the workers always showed up right on time.
George was great at communicating what would happen next & the pricing was more than fair.
I definitely recommend George & his team.
They made awesome recommendations for us & their industry knowledge was good.
They even had a team of people working on our pool on a very hot Sunday afternoon!

