Worst post office in Vegas.
Don't bother coming, itll take all day, whatever youre trying to do.

2 words.....Long Lines!

This place is awfully.
Global Warming is faster.
This is fifth time at this location and it keeps getting worse.
It does not matter what time of the day.
The speed of service is the same - glacial.
I have never written a review in my life - until today.
This location prompted me to action.
I feel it is my duty to warn others.
I use to think that snail-paced, apathetic postal employees were an urban legend.
The service I experienced in both Denver and Tampa was outstanding.
There if a postal employee saw a line forming they would call their co-workers for help.
Here, if these people see a line and they run to the back.
Or they have conversations in front of you, pretending that customers do not exist.
Find another location or try Stamps.com.
I signed up on-line, while waiting in line.
After this experience, I plan to do as much business as possible on-line.
The Internet has not ruined the USPS business, their slow service and indifferent attitude is what has killed their business.
I understand that they will stop delivering on Saturdays, the retail locations are closing and rates are going up.
Less service for more money.
If I ran my business like this, I would not have a business.
It's time for competition.
Run to another location.
It's got to be better than this one.

Dante's Levels of Hell as described in Inferno are completely inaccurate.
This post office location should clearly be in there somewhere.
Maybe we can get rid of the gluttonous level and replace it.
I'd probably rather spend a Saturday burning in eternal hellfire than spending one here to mail a package to grandma.
A few weeks back I went to the DMV to register my car, then I came to this Post Office to pick up a package.
Guess which one took longer?
Not an exaggeration.
During that time I saw 3 people scolded for wandering up to the counter to try to ask simple questions without trying to wait in the 3 hour line.
They even recently taped printed out 8.5 x 11 sheets of paper in front of every station that warns people not to talk to the employees during a transaction.
It's how I imagine a post office run by Stalin would be, except not as personable.
They have a window for pickups vs mailing things out.
I don't think it's been open since the George Bush administration.
It's funny when some poor soul wanders in wanting to just pick up something they werent home for and probably took part of their day off since this location also happens to have the worst opening/closing times imaginable.
Well, it's funny until it's sad, which is immediately afterwards.
Opens late and closes early.
Thanks for the inconvenience.
It's amazing some of the employees have jobs at all let alone ones that you'd think customer service was important.
Some of them display that perfect level of non-caring combined with a slow paced walk that I almost want to give them a round of applause with each customer that walks away serviced from their station.
Some of them do try and actually go out of their way to be fast and courteous, but they're usually the ones that end up alone at 8:30 in the morning with a line out the door and the rest of the employees off "sick" or on vacation.
I've seen this happen nearly every Monday morning I've braved coming to this location.
ONLY GO HERE IF YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY FORCED TO.
The one on St. Rose or Horizon Ridge or even the one in the Albertsons on Horizon Ridge and Eastern are FAR superior.
CARRIER PIGEONS ARE FAR SUPERIOR

This is the worst post office I have ever been to.
I have lived all over the world and used scores of them.
The people here move like they have no purpose and couldn't care less about you and your needs.
If the government is going to shut down post offices to save money, this should be the first one to go.

Longest lines.
I hate picking up packages here

I go here alot.
The line is usually always super long and some of the workers are not too friendly.
If you go at a not too busy time, then you can get in and out fairly quickly.
They do have a self serve machine if your items are quick and easy to mail.

I dont know if I am always going to the post office at the worst times or what but there is always a long long line!
They had hardly any packaging envelopes or boxes out.
I did not stand in line, I went to the do it yourself computer.
much faster.

This branch is a hit or miss when it comes to customer service.
There are some cases where the employees have been short with me and then there are some occasions where they bend over backwards.
Overall, they are pleasant enough and get me in and out in a timely manner.
They are reasonable with the speed in which they turn people.
It is busy for being such a small branch.
There is always a line, but the wait is not that long.

