I started coming here when it was still called Lion's Den and all I can say is that I absolutely enjoy going there almost every day.
Sure, schedules and instructors have changed, but I am still pushed to my limits everyday and I truly recommend that everyone gives this place a chance and come to one of the best places to train in the Valley.

I loved my class I did a bootcamp there.
However, 3 weeks ago I told the front desk person to cancel my membership.
They said to go online and send them an email.
I sent two emails and never got a response.
So then a week later I spoke to the front desk person again and he assured me that he would cancel my membership.
I got billed this week anyway.
I went in and they said the manager was not there, I sent him two emails and have called him twice and have not gotten a response.
I don't think I have ever in my life given something a bad review, but seriously they are effectively stealing my money at this point!
I disputed the charge with my credit card company today and so I will get the money back, but you shouldn't have to do that!

Never ever give this place your credit card number!
When you sign a contract they will not tell you that you automatically renew, and continue to charge you if you don't notice the charges like me, because hardly ever check my cc statements.
I agreed to a 6 month contract and even though I only used it for 4, I paid for all 6 months.
But then, I kept getting charged for another 6 months until I finally called them.
After trying to get my money back, they've gained a very disgruntled customer and I'm lost $600.
I will never recommend Fight Ready to anyone, unless they want to lose lots of money.

I went in to Fight Ready today to discuss the issue with the new owner, Jay.
I do have to preface this by saying that what happened occurred before Jay took over as the new owner, and it really wasn't Jay's fault, it was the owners before him.
Jay and I managed to come to a compromise, and I will be receiving $400 of the $600 that was already charged.
Jay also doesn't do automatic debit transactions anymore, so kudos to Jay all around for doing the right thing.

