Very excited to have a DD just down the road from the house!
Such an easy stop on the way to work, and they even have a drive thru!
Holy cow!
They're open from 4:00am - 9:00pm!!!
Donuts anytime, early morning or late night treat!
The full menu offers healthy items and even tells you the difference between an espresso and cappuccino (for those that might not know, but don't want to ask).
The service is very kind even if they are a little on the slow side, but I think that is just the 'newness,' they were really trying and wanted to do a good job and it showed.
The inside is clean and they even have Wi-Fi!
Plus, they even sell k-cups of four different varieties of DD coffee - SCORE!
This space has housed a few different businesses in the last few years, and I really hope DD can bring in the traffic to stay put, even if my husband (yes, I said husband, I'm still getting use to that term) and I have to keep them in business ourselves!
He loves the coffee (and already came home with a mug) and I am a sucker for a warm maple donut!
I see many trips to this DD location in our future!

Great coffee!

I come here often, about 3/4 times a week.
The service is fast, friendly and they get it right.
I am a Dunkin donuts fan, as I grew up with it back east.
Favorite location hands down.
Give it a go!

I love their coffee and bagel and cream cheese on my way to work in the mornings :) Always really nice friendly service!

Every single time I go to this location they are always out of plain bagels!
Obviously, if you know that plain bagels are a favorite then you should make some more.
I guess I'll be going elsewhere until they can find the time to toast a few plain bagels.

I'm from Massachusetts.
Dunkin Donuts is our diet!!!

It is a guilty pleasure to stop for donuts in the morning.
Probably one I do a few too many times but at least I can restrain myself to only 2 or 3 donuts per morning.
Most of the time if you go there early they have all the different kinds of donuts you like.
Some weird mornings they only have a limited selection or if you get there late but what do you expect.
The staff seem pretty nice most of the time and the line moves pretty quick.
They have a drive thru if you don't feel like getting out of your car for your donut fix.
They also have breakfast sandwiches which aren't too bad either but come on we are there for the donuts and I guess the coffee too for you coffee freaks.
Are these the best donuts or sandwiches in the world probably not but they are good.
They were good back in the day then they had some bad times but they have returned to form now.
It is on the way to work.
Donuts are about a dollar a piece.
Just show some self control and don't get a dozen unless you are going to share.
Hey what better way to make friends at the office then by coming in with a few dozen donuts once in a while.
So there you go, it is what it is.
Mmmmmmm........... donuts.

Larry is the sh1t!
You'll have to excuse my French.
I'm sorry, but there's no other way to put it except maybe that he is full of awesomeness.
I always want an Old Fashioned Dunkin Donut that is glazed.
The reason being that in Texas we (gf & I) grew up on them & the Dunkin Donuts always had a good size stock of them already glazed.
That's not the case in Arizona.
But both Larry & Max are very accommodating & will try to make them so, if able to.
I love you guys.
Max actually started this whole business of custom making my one or two Old Fashioned Glazed for me.
As it turns out he likes them that way too & would prefer that they had a stock of preglazed ones.
It's alright.
I know Arizona is weird & the people here don't know what they're missing.
Anyway, Max, look what you started.
Now Larry has to put up with me, a Texan who knows what he wants.
& this location can deliver the service I never experienced before at any Dunkin Donuts.
The location down the street near McClintock needs to fire all their employees & hire new ones because when I asked them about Old Fashioned Glazed, they looked at me like I was an alien.
Whatever!
This place is the s***, well you get the idea.
Thank you very much, guys!
I pass by there once a week without fail after my allergy shot visit in the area.
It's like they know me already.
I'm not your typical morning coffee & donuts guy.
In fact I'm quite the opposite.
I hate coffee.
I hate being awake in the morning & all I want to do is get up, drive to work, & get the morning over with!
No, I'd rather have my doughnuts in the evening when I'm calm, collected, & at ease after a full day of work.
Resting at home eating one of these is the way to go.
I tend to munch on them with either orange juice, apple juice, or now a Dunkin Donuts Strawberry Coolatta (which I just tried for the first time, & whoa was that great!).
That's how it's done.
Not like the mindless drones of the morning rush hour who stress out these poor guys at DD.
Lemmings.
That's all they are, these morning coffee androids.
:-) Sorry if anyone is offended by that, but its how I see the world around me.
Like I just finished telling Larry, this afternoon, the old fashioned glazed in the Dunkin Donuts situated in Texas were sad compared to the fresh ones we get here.
Which is why I never, ever gets doughnuts from Walmart.

Just stopped by here to pick up some Donuts, seems silly to review a Dunkin Donuts cause everyone should know about them, but.
We had an awesome experience.
staff was quick, helpful, made suggestions and provided OUTSTANDING customer service.

Very good, fast service and with a smile!
I was in and out of their drive-up in no time flat.
They had a very good selection of donuts this morning and they even went out of their way to separately bag a lemon donut from the dozen I ordered since I am allergic to citrus and the donut was for the hubby.
Their iced tea is amazing and always tastes great and refreshing.
Ordered a peach tea and it was fresh and delicious!
Fantastic experience here!

I came in here today for national donut day.
You buy a drink and get a free donut.
Wow great service!
They give 10% police discount.
I'm not a police officer, but the guy still gave it to me for being military.
I didn't even ask for it, he recognized my USAA card.
Freaking awesome!
Just FYI, for the summer they have $.99 medium ice coffees.
Sweet!

Its not so much the coffee (its great) or the food/donuts (they are great as well), its the service and the smiles they give you when you walk in the door.
Every employee there is great, friendly, up beat and fun.
This is my place in the morning.

This place is very clean and the service is very fast.
Try the Low-Fat blueberry muffin.
It is to die for.
Download the Dunkin Donuts app to get coupons.

I'm not sure what it is--I'm just not impressed with their food or drinks.
It's the only place that is conveniently located near my work so I have been stopping by there to try different things and I'm bummed out every time.
The vanilla bean blended drink has been the best tasting out of all that I have tried.
I've had their bacon, cheese, and egg on a croissant which they tend to run out of, and it was okay.
I'm sure their donuts are tasty but I don't eat those so, oh well!
But, the service is always great and quick and the store is clean.
Just personally not my choice for morning food/drinks.

Just experienced this place for the first time, kinda.
Grew up in Las Vegas without this my whole life, they finally opened a few years back.
I tried it, wasn't a fan.
Fast forward 5 years and I'm living in Phoenix, looking for an alternative to Starbucks, (soooooooo tired of them), and for some reason thought I'd give this a go again.
Been seeing a bunch of commercials and this is close to my place.
I'm very pleased, the inside is spacious and inviting, their menu has grown, much more choices than I remember.
Most importantly, they are open late!
I'm not a morning person by any stretch so to be open till 9pm is a huge win for me.
This is my new late afternoon stop for when I need a snack or a pick me up to push through the last few hours of the day or wind down with a treat.
Great location in Tempe with a big dining room and drive thru!

They have a great egg white sandwich with either turkey sausage or veggies.
The price of $2.99 is fair.
I don't know the calorie count, but it has to be better than 2 donuts!
The drive thru is usually packed in the morning, but the line moves quickly.

Let me start by saying that my family and I are big DD fans, however this has got to be one of the worst locations of DD in the valley.
Slowest service, incorrect orders, overcharging for items that we didn't even order, poor attitudes by their employees, and they just don't have the same selection of items that other locations do have.
Today was the final straw, over 15 minutes in the drive thru with only 1 car ahead of us, wrong order, bad attitude from the employee when they overcharged us, we will absolutely not be back.

No sausage pancake bites; ok fine.
Then I get to the window n I was informed that they don't even have any glazed donuts or old fashion; so disappointing, oh I was told to go to the mclintock location, this is a slow store :(

Headed into work in some heavy traffic .. the frustration setting in because I NEEDED MY COFFEE!
You know what I'm saying.
I spotted this Dunkin's at the corner of Priest and Warner and thought what the heck, I'll stop for a cup of Joe.
Most Dunkin's I've ever been in take their sweet, ever-love'n time but not this joint!
Walk in, two people in front of me, from way behind the counter a sharp young man yells out "miss, can I start a coffee" she tells him her order, by this time the cashier is done with the person in front and she steps up and orders then I hear "Sir, can I start your coffee?
"  "Sure, medium, black .. no room for cream" .. "Yes sir!
" comes the reply.
Man, I think, that's pretty cool.
I place my order, bagged and in front of me before I finish paying, grab my Joe and I'm on the road!
Great experience, hope they keep up the GREAT work!

Did not have a new advertised product okay.
But no glazed donuts???
Isn't that a staple.

Love the French vanilla coffee!
Dunkin Donuts had fast service and their workers were very pleasant.
They have cute seasonal donuts.
The donuts were tasty and the price was very reasonable.
They also offer discounted coffee prices on different days of the week.
I plan on becoming a regular customer.

Just walked out of the Dunkin Donut; totally disgusted.
Female employee with long dirty blonde hair putting up fresh vanilla frosted donuts.
Problem- holding basket of donunts on hip and her hair is laid all over the donuts; WTF.
Totally nasty; will never see me again.
This parking lot is the closet I get this this store again.

Just walked out of the Dunkin Donut; totally disgusted.
Female employee with long dirty blonde hair putting up fresh vanilla frosted donuts.
Problem- holding basket of donunts on hip and her hair is laid all over the donuts; WTF.
Totally nasty; will never see me again.
This parking lot is the closet I get this this store again.

This location has been open for over two years and they can't get it together.
It is like they are constantly training people and never quite have the hang of it.
Drive thru is a nightmare and you must pull over and wait for your food.
Half the time you have to go in to get your own food.
Today's wait was 13 minutes for a breakfast sandwich, meanwhile 6 other cars passed through, all the while receiving their breakfast sandwiches or bagels.
I stood inside and watched what went out while I continued to wait for my food.

