After corresponding and meeting with other wedding photographers, I chance-happened across Lou of 2020 Vision Photos.
At first I was skeptical because of the incredibly affordable rates (wedding+photography seems to come with astronomical price tags!
) but after meeting with him in person, I was sold.
During our meeting Lou not only showed his portfolio but took a sincere interest in my day.
Unlike ANY other wedding photographer I met with, he asked questions, gathered information, scouted the location and gauged sunlight, AND insisted on a complimentary engagement photo session.
These are all impressive qualities that screamed 'your wedding and pictures are important to me'.
Furthermore, his unbelievably reasonable pricing spoke volumes of a photographer who's in it for the love of photography, not the easy dollar.
Now that our wedding is over and our photos have been delivered, my husband and I have even more praises to sing about Lou.
The quality and quantity of pictures - both candid and portrait - is beautiful and generous; the raw emotion and intimate moments shine through.
Talented, down-to-earth, funny, creative, sincere, dedicated, are words my husband and I use to describe Lou.
We're thankful he was part of our day.
Thanks 2020 Vision Photos!

Upon searching, researching and pricing out several wedding photographers, I came across 2020 Vision Photos.
I was impressed with the good eye in Lou's photo portfolio.
Initial email contact with Lou was very quick, friendly and professional.
I met with him and he asked questions on preferences and so forth.
He was warm and seemed to really have a passion for photography, and showed natural talent.
Thank goodness he was available on somewhat a short notice and was very reasonably priced, too.
He made a special trip to our chosen venue to scope it out beforehand since it would be his first time there.
Everything went smoothly on our wedding day.
Lou was on time and ready for action!
He did great with us on directing, and finding good aesthetic flow and lighting.
We did have one snafu, as he was taking photos of our rings on a lily pad over a coy fountain, my wedding band fell in!
Lou did not hesitate to jump in and sift through the rocks, muck and fish to find it (and thank goodness it was recovered!).
Our wedding day was everything we had hoped for, majestic, relaxed and unforgettable - and Lou of 2020 Vision Photos captured it flawlessly!

Ok- truth be told, we were not looking forward to Christmas photos.
We met Lou at the Mesa Arts Center and the photo session began.
We had a blast with Lou.
We wanted natural photos in a great outdoor setting and he more than delivered.
Our pictures are AMAZING!
The time flew by and when we were done, Lou provided us with our online gallery really fast.
I can tell you that he will be my "go to" for all photos from now on.
If you are looking for a photographer who cares about the photo's you want, delivers amazing quality, is extremely affordable and is a wonderful person - LOU IS YOUR GUY!

Short version: Lou does great photography work.
Long version: Lou did a 2 hour photo shoot for me, outside on location at the Mesa Arts Center.
I requested both a business headshot and a profile photo for use on social networking sites, like match.com, facebook, Google+, etc.
He first took a series of test shots, and then directed me as we moved to many different locations on the arts center property.
I'm very happy with both the headshot and the more casual photos--the lighting is usually all wrong when people take pictures of me, but Lou got the lighting right, and he set up the exact type of shots that I was looking for.
Couldn't be happier with his work!

What a wonderful experience... Lou suggested the Mesa Arts Center for a "headshots and casual" shoot for my 10-year-old pageant princess.
He was prompt, professional and had a great eye for locating, colors and angles for her three outfit changes.
He made my daughter feel very comfortable and even took some extra time to make sure he got all the doors that HE knew would come out great with a little extra direction.
I am very pleased with the end result.
I received the photos within three days, lightly touched and more useable photos than I'd expected.
We are definitely looking forward to working with 2020 vision photos again in the near future and would recommend Lou's great workmanship to anyone looking for a great photography experience.

