The house I am currently renting was left in a dismal state by previous tenants.
Animal urine stains and stench along with cigarette smell through out the entire house.
The rental company sent 2 joe-schmo's who masked the smell with perfume.
Bill came out on extremely short notice after we were fed up with dealing with our rental management company and came in and identified the problem areas, marked them with chalk, and spent a good amount of time cleaning what needed to be cleaned.
He was extremely informative and friendly.
On top of the excellent job they did a follow up call the following day to ask how the carpets looked and smelled.
Very reasonably priced.
I would recommend their service to anyone as they make sure to do the job right the first time.

Wow!
I am a picky customer when it comes to carpet cleaning.
I was thoroughly pleased with the job done by Revolution.
The owner came out and took his time cleaning my carpets.
He used the rotary style head as well as the old fashioned wand in our living room.
I was really impressed that he went this extra mile.
I've never seen anyone do that before.
Not to mention he vacuumed everything before getting started and mopped around the areas he worked when he was done.
Overall, best carpet cleaning I've ever had done.
I'll be calling again :)

I have done business with Bill from Revolution Cleaning Systems for almost 10 years.
He has without a doubt done the most thorough cleanings I have ever had done on my carpets.
Bill was able to see all the problems I saw and also resolve things in my carpet that I didn't realize were there.
HIs experience was useful in both my home and at my business.
Simple spots and stubborn spots alike were gone after he did the carpets.
And another thing I liked is that he "shot straight with me".
There were certain spots that he said ahead of time were not likely to come out or to stay away.
That honesty helped me realize that he wasn't just trying to make a sale but that he wanted me to be satisfied with the results by giving me realistic expectations.
Give him a call you'll be glad you did.

Bill did such an excellent job on my house!
We had several difficult stains (coffee and gum) and he got everything out!
It's been a few days and my carpet is cleaner and fluffier than it's ever been!
Having 4 kids can really wreak havoc on carpet and it really looks brand new!
I chose to us Revolution because of the previous reviews on Yelp and I really appreciated the fact that their wasn't any up-selling when he arrived.
I had really annoying experiences with that in the past.
He just did the job and he took his time.
Very happy customer and I recommend him to anyone.
Price was very comparable but service was EXCEPTIONAL!
We will be loyal customers!

Searched reviews on Yelp and decided to go with Revolution Cleaning Systems.
My wife and I are very glad we did.
Bill the owner came to our house at the confirmed time and was a great guy.
Very nice, very professional and very thorough.
Prior to cleaning, he gave our carpet a complete inspection and showed us potential problem areas.
Bill did the job at the agreed to price and didn't try to upsell us.
He even gave us a 10% discount since we found him on Yelp!
Great experience.
Bill will be recommended to all of our friends and family and will be the only person to clean our carpets in the future.

Revolution is my "go to" when I need my floors cleaned.
Bill has cleaned our carpet and our tile grout and both showed the results if his quality work.
I have asked him back several times for holiday prep & clean up, routine cleaning & upkeep, and will continue to do so as his thorough work is unbeatable.
Thank you Revolution!

Recently my mom passed away and we sold her house.
I called Bill from Revolution Carpet Cleaning and he was very accomadating because I needed him within a few days.
He did a GREAT JOB cleaning her carpets especially with the high traffic areas.
I did not think they would come out so clean!!!!!!
GREAT JOB, would recommend him to anyone who wants it done right!!!!

Awesome job and reasonably priced!
Very fair price, on time, owner was there to do the work and while I haven't seen it yet, my fiance says it looks like brand new carpet!
The carpet is shot on this rental and it looks great now, I will be shocked if we don't get our deposit back!!!
So happy and will use revolution and recommend them to everyone!

Excellent job!
My carpet looks brand new and the pricing was simple and straight forward.

My carpets were in desperate need of cleaning after the holidays and our pet had an accident in the middle of the living room.
I went onto Yelp to see who was local and check reviews.
I saw the excellent reviews for Revolution cleaning.
I call and Bill the owner set up our appointment.
He was nice and very friendly.
Bill showed up on time and had the job done quickly.
We were very impressed with his honesty and excellent cleaning of our carpets.
The previous carpet cleaner tried to upsell us and then didn't do a very good job.
I would highly recommend Bill to everyone in need of this service.
We will definitely use him again.

Owner came out personally to give estimate and then returned himself to clean couches, kitchen chair cushions, and home office carpet.
Great job, high integrity and professionalism.

