Definitely best place to go.
Gives great pedicures and manicures.
They have gels, s and s, regular polish, and acrylics.
Chloe and her husban Steve are the nicest people and really care about their job and customers.
I recommend you go there for the best nails experience!

I love the staff.
Everyone is friendly and professional.
Chloe is awesome and artistic.
: ) I've been going to Signature Nails for more than a year.
I now use their SNS product.
My nails grew back strong.
People don't believe these are my real nails because of the length.
I posted my picture.
It's the black and white with the 3D bow and butterfly on my ring finger.
I'm glad I found this place.

just left the salon the Worst customer service ever!!!!!
dont understand English had a pedi and a polish change left with scabs on my fingers and the pedi was the worst also i tipped each lady and neither said thank you!!!!!
i tipped them both more than 20% WHICH THEY DID NOT DESERVE BEWARE STAY AWAY THERE ARE A MILLION BETTER NAIL SALONS TO GO TO!

love this place, so clean and friendly.
Michelle and Boa are top notch!

They are very knowledgeable and don't hurt you!
I can't tell you how many times I've left a place hurting .
This place uses sns which is great.
They arevery well priced as well.
I will be coming back from now on:)

Not coming back.
Unappreciative (not saying thank you), energy just not good.
There are too many other places to have to deal with the bad, again.

Love this place!
Always manage to make my real nails look beautiful!!
Khoe is my fave!!

I had the worst experience the last time I went in to get my nails filled.
I always get a fill with gel polish.
The salon was a little busy not a big deal I waited.
I finally got a lady and she sat me down.
Not once did she ask me what color I wanted.
I told her I needed them cut down and filled.
She said ok and went to work.
I asked her to make sure she put the pink acrylic powder on the bottom since I only get the tips polished.
She said ok.
I noticed she wasn't filing the nails like I wanted.
I asked can you file them square.
She said ok. Then proceeded to file them rounded.
So at this point I'm not sure she understands English.
I let that go.
She told me to wash my hands.
When I came back she had a purple powder (purple was the color I had one before) she went to dip my fingers in the purple.
I pulled my finger back and told her that's not the color I picked.
She told me I needed to get that color.
So I thought she meant she needed to even out the purple to be able to put another color on top.
Nope.
What she meant was I was getting a purple fill because that's what she wanted to do!
And I didn't get the pink powder on the bottom.
I was really upset.
I asked her how you force someone to get a color they don't want.
She stated I wanted that color.
Which made me even more mad because I clearly told her that wasn't the color I picked.
She never even asked me what color I wanted!
After I got home and looked at my nails closer.
The nails are uneven.
The color on the tips are not even.
Some have more than others.
They are rounded and not square.
They are absolutely horrible.
And my 10 yr old daughter could do a better job than that.
Sadly my whole family goes to that salon .. From nails to toes with you guys.
Even my dad.
And yes they maybe returning for your service , however I will not be returning for the horrible services again.

The only reason I come here is because they do SNS nails.
The customer service is horrible and the pedicures I've gotten have never felt good.
They do great nails but it is not enjoyable at all.
The girl I had recently today do my pedi just rushed right through it and seemed pissed she had to take care of me.
I'm in the beauty industry so I was very upset to feel so uncomfortable and not relaxed.

My 3rd time here and I'll never go anywhere else!
Brought my family and friends here and they always come back!!
(Even without me) I love how Steven and khloe both care about your needs and also always help me decide on something new to do since I'm always so indecisive ;) sns is so new to me but my nails have grown and been on for 5 weeks!!!
Better than gel and acrylic for sure!!
Love love love this place!
Thanks Khloe!!!

