Where do you go when Buffalo Wild Wings closes down, I don't know.
Therefore, I thought I would try Hooters.
Ewww, the food was awful; it taste like WingStop.
If you're not familiar with that place it's gross and so is this Hooters.
The food was nasty hardly any sauce on the wings.
Come on, who picks up a buffalo wing and does not need to lick or wipe their fingers after eating it???
I tried to use the online ordering system, but it was down.
I just don't care to deal with HUMANS.. too many mistakes when dealing with another person.
Of course the chick(en) head got my order wrong...  Anyways, if u want your food ordered wrong and very limited sauce on your wings go this place.
2 stars because, I have to admit the bar was shinny and they did have a variety of entertainment on the televisions.

I'm going to go with three stars instead of four for this location because nothing stands out.
The waitresses are nice enough, but sometimes they don't come around as often as they should.
I've been to a lot of Hooters over the years, and I know the difference between good and great.
They are just good.
The layout is pretty nice and the food is also good but not great.
This location is extremely family friendly, as I brought my girlfriend and her kids to eat there.
One of her kids who NEVER eats anywhere absolutely LOVES the hotdog.
So much so that she asks to go eat there everytime I am in town.
Although I only went with three stars, I'll gladly be a regular.

I seen some negative reviews on here but went anyways.
First off its a HOOTERS !
I had the naked 3 mile island wings grilled.
They were good just as good as my favorite buffalo wild wings.
We also had the lots o tots which were good also.
The beer is ice cold, what more do you want?
Can i tell you about the view?
shoooweee.
If you like brunettes, pff say no more.

Went back again, music was just right not too loud.
Great place had the cajun wings naked and grilled.
Pretty damn good !
The beer is always cold here and the VIEW is awesomerrrr.

We did not have a great experience here with our service, but the manager did get involved and we were more than satisfied with the resolution of our issues.
When we finally received our food it was good and we were happy with it.
This was basically what you expect from a Hooters, nothing too classy, but we drank beer and raised a little noise.

I used to frequent this location several times a week for lunch, but I will never go back here again.
The service is beyond bad and the when I spoke to the manager he walked away from me while I was talking.
My recommendation is spend your money anywhere else.

Just waited 22 min for service and nothing.. We got set and literally sat there ..
Waiting and waiting and waiting ..
It wasn't even busy..
Incompetent staff, and terrible service.. From a previous hooters girl, I'm completely disappointed and will never come back.
We walked out.

6:30 we stopped in with a buddy who lives out of town.
We were told it would be a 30 minute wait to be seated.
Ok.
While we were standing I counted 4 tables free to the right, and 7 tables to the left.
The tables were left dirty and were not bused.
So this has me very confused because 11 tables were available but they weren't bused.
I told the hostess that the 30 minute wait is bullshit because from where I'm standing, I counted off the tables available.
She acknowledged the free tables, but gave the excuse the kitchen is backed up.
That's not my problem, wouldn't it be nice to allow us to sit and have drinks for a while?
The light clicked on and she agreed to sit us.
Our waitress was very nice and apologized ahead of time for delays from the kitchen.
We ordered appetizers, and beer.
The appetizer came out really fast.
We ordered our meals shortly after going through the appetizer.
I ordered the Cobb Salad and chili.
Chili came out with the rest of my tables food, but the salad did not make it.
She said she was heading back to grab the salad.
1 bowl of chili later I was told that the kitchen ran out of mixed greens, but someone had ran out to grab mixed greens from somewhere.
She did bring some fries to the table to hold me over, thank you I liked that.
By the time the salad arrived my party was ready to leave.
I can't remember our waitress' name but she made a bad situation better by keeping me in the loop, and hooking me up with some fries.
The blame lies directly with the manager of this restaurant.
He should be demoted and forced to rinse mixed greens for the next ten years.
Asinine having people wait when there are available seats to be filled.
Instead we were left to stand by the door staring at empty seats like a bunch of gibonni's.
Before we even pulled up my Girl Friend told us that she's been to this Hooters 3 times before and each time was a train wreck of an experience.
She was dead on the money this place is a circus.
For me I'm walking away from Hooters for good.
I'm sure a chimp could run this store better then the current manager.
Noob!

Meet up with some friends here, and I waited 20 minutes and not one waitress came to our table.
One of my friends had to go ask the hostess where out waitress was before she came by.
I didn't order anything because I didn't feel like waiting another 30 minutes for a beer.
This was the first and last time I come here.

Great for the games and a draft beer.
But other than their wings and onion rings, nothing else is worth spending your $$ on.
Besides, their prices are a bit on the high end for dry and tasteless food.
As I said before, I go for the games and draft beer.
Rarely do I order anything aside from wings...
If you go, don't expect good food.

So here is the deal.
We fined here last night.
When seated we were told that it was happy hour and went through the drink specials.
Ok. We were trying to kill time and had a gift card sho why not?
Hooters.always seems to give us amnesia.
We always think hmmm.
Hooters sounds awesome let's go, since we forgot just how bad it was last time.
So this time I can at least say we had prompt service... which as you know is impossible unless you look like the type of a twenty to thirty something male who is a sucker for Orange booty shorts.
Either way, it was quick.... almost suspiciously so for Hooters.
We were killing time as I said so we started with the lots o tots.
Crappy and oddly delicious as usual.
Then we ordered a twenty piece boneless wings.
Umm heres the deal.... what came out again suspiciously fast was not anything that resembled chicken.
What we consumed actually treated nothing of poultry or even greasy saucy battered crispness.
Nay, what we.managed to consume was cold, stale, probably reheated several times, broke my tooth, was hacked into tiny pieces, and literally splintered in your mouth.
It cut the roof of my.mouth to hell.
This is quite literally one of the worst meals I've ever had ... ever.
(And if you knew my.father in laws cooking that says a lot).
We actually left instead of continuing to order more food (we didn't even use up the gift card balance) on the way out we noticed that there was a sign for all you can eat wings.
This irked me for two reasons 1.
If I would have known that prior to actually tasting my did, I would have ordered it.
That was probably the reason or did was so awful.
They probably.Just.make pieces hacked up.and let than sit until used.
So the next time you have Hooters amnesia, make sure it's not on a wednesday for all you can eat wood chips.

