Unique and delicious Mexican food.
The shrimp dishes are our favorites, and Ben and Kenny are always up for new ideas.
I'm a little bias, though ... we have been dining at the Heber, AZ Casa Ramos since the day it opened.
Friday, my mojo de ajo in the very nice Mesa location was perfect and then some.
And the Cruz blanco margaritas might replace our normal Patrones in the future.

WOW, Super clean, very big place.
Food was awesome and HUGE PORTIONS!
WE WILL GO BACK OFTEN.
You gotta try this place!

Awesome!
Clean as a pin, the decor is wonderful and the food, oh the food!
Everything was excellent but the red chile beef was out of this world!
The chips and salsa are warm and fresh but I preferred the 'Hot' salsa.
The portions are huge and the price is very reasonable, its a keeper!

Great authentic atmosphere.
Good menu selection.
Great portions.
I would comeback in a heartbeat.

Wow.
I'd go back just for the salsa (since that was the first thing served, along with nice house-made chips).
The depth/variety of flavors in the salsa showed me what is actually possible in what has become more of a throwaway in most Mexican restaurants.
I can attest to the fact that the rest of the meal continued at a very high level.
We enjoyed one of the meals for two, which included skirt steak, chicken, shrimp, mushrooms as well as some chiles and scallions.
This was accompanied by rice and beans which were very flavorful, again not just the standard accompaniments as in most eateries.
Great flavors, perfectly prepared and presented.
Oh, and I should mention that the service was excellent.
We'll be back!

This restaurant originated in Heber.
I spent lots of time up here as a teenager, and Heber brings back lots of good memories, so I liked this place before I ever set foot in the door, and when I did, oh my.
This place is fan freakin tastic.
Food was great, service was great,  there was even a mariachi band on Saturday night.
The amount of food you get, we both had another meal the next day.
We both got the taco, cheese enchilada and red burrito plate that comes with rice and beans.
Red chili meat was plentiful, very tender and tasty.
Taco had lots of tender juicy shredded beef.
But the best part of this plate was the cheese enchilada.
OMG it was good.
The enchilada sauce was definitely homemade.
I plan to go back to this place soon.
Rice and beans were good too.
Hot sauce was very spicy, and they had another option that wasn't as spicy too.
And we both got a soda.
Bill was under $27.
I'm serious, try it.

The servers there Kenny, Joe, bus-young man David, are excellent, efficient , knowledge about the flavors etc on menu.
We (3) had the enchilada plate, #10 plate, and tostado plate, each plate was 2 meals in one.
The flavors are very mild, so I could enjoy the flavor, and NOT the spice, it was EXCELLENT!
We go after church, extra hungry, so we are really are very happy to get it the food hot and FAST!
The restaurant itself is clean and open.
You can NOT beat the price there and the food is INCREDIBLE!
Good menu selection.
Great portions.
This will be "OUR" to go place on Sundays!

I had gotten a Groupon because we were going to be in the area but didn't know anything about Casa Ramos.
It was a good choice.
The food was excellent, the portions are so big they are on a plate that almost doesn't fit on the table.
Our waiter, Juan, was very knowledge at suggesting items on the menu, drinks, etc.
He came back to the table often sometimes just to visit with us.
He made us feel very welcome.
We will definitely go back.

LOVE this joint!
Our new favorite Mexican place, thanks to Yelpers!
Been there twice now in as many weeks, even took the kids.
I still can't get you out of my mind, Casa Ramos.
First of all, this MUST be a family joint because the service is incredible and you can tell they really care about pleasing you as a customer.
The chips are fresh and hot and they have a few different kick ass salsas.
Their 'house' salsa has the perfect amount of kick and chunk, they also offered us a milder sals for the wimpletons at the table, then they brought me the jalapeño habanero salsa.
All three were fresh and tasty as hell.
I bet you can't have just one bowl of chips.
I get the carne asada burrito with green extra spicy enchilada sauce.
The meat is super tender, perfectly grilled skirt steak.
It practically melts in your mouth and you can tell its a good quality cut of meat.
My wife gets the chicken and steak fajitas, which were aslo amazing.
To top it off, we had fried ice cream.
Definitely a hand made house recipe and also seemed fresher than any fried ice cream we'd ever had.
God I love this place.
So much so, I had to dust off my yelp account to let everyone know.
Go, now, don't hesitate.
Oh and great house margaritas!

If anyone EVER gives this place a low mark, then they do not know good Mexican food.
Service is always perfect; Kenny knows what we order to drink as soon as he sees us enter.
Special requests for unique dishes are honored with no problem--my husband likes the marinated meat they use for Tacos Pastor, but prefers to have it in a burrito version--no problem.
I have tried a variety of different dishes but can't beat the price of the Burrito Colorado--ala carte with no rice and beans they only charge $3.50!
Are you kidding?
After I indulge on all the chips and salsa, I can barely finish it--so delicious and large portions.
I almost hate to give raving reviews because then our little secret restaurant becomes too popular, but I want to see Kenny succeed, so I will.
You will not be unsatisfied.

Lick-the-plate delicious!!!
We've been going once a week since we found this place a month or so ago....it's fabulous.
The atmosphere is very comfortable, the wait staff is friendly and attentive, and the food is amazing.
I had the Pollo a la Chipotle a couple weeks ago, and seriously considered licking the plate to get every last drop of sauce.
Last night I had the Camarones Rancheros, and again could not get enough of the fabulous sauce.
The meat in all the dishes is cooked perfectly, the chips and tortillas are freshly made, and the salsa is yummy!
We generally try whatever margarita they have on special, and so far I have not been disappointed....blood orange, purple cadillac, wild berry...YUM!
We'll definitely be continuing our weekly visits, and can't wait to share it with family when they come for a visit.

Very glad we found this place through Yelp!!
We've been there twice now.
The very first time we visited, I thought the area looked a little run down (due to road construction), but it's VERY NICE inside of their building!
Pros: - FOOD!
Things we've tried: chicken chimichanga, pork enchilada, beef flauta/taquito, beef enchilada, beef taco... everything is so good!
Nothing is greasy - everything is full of flavor!
Their chips and salsa are delicious!
Perfect balance of heat and chunkiness!
The proportions are huge!
Even the kids meals are big!
Such great value.
- SERVICE!
Great service.
We've gotten the same waitress both times we went and she is great!
Plus, everyone there seems so helpful and constantly offer help with chip refills, drink refills, just checking up.
It's amazing.
- APPEARANCE: The inside of their building is very nice.
Nice decor, nice cantina setup.
Everything looks very clean and new.
Cons: - NONE!
I'm so glad we found this place and will definitely become regulars here and I hope this business thrives!
Sincerely, A new loyal customer

This is the 2nd time we have gone here - still just as wonderful.
Had the grilled chicken tostada this time and HOLY CRAP it was the best chicken I have ever had!!!
This is def a hidden place where you will be suprised by the food quality and amount of food you get.
Recommended!

Casa Ramos is amazing!
The best mexican restuarant I have been to in the valley and I have been to a lot!
Their service is superb, food is great, and the value is the best!
Would highly reccomend to anyone looking for the best bang for their buck!
Also, if you are ever in the Heber area, check them out up there too!

Excellent food, the chips and salsa were delicious.
I ordered a green chili chimichanga it contained large chunks of meat, they definately are not stingy on the portion size.
The restaurant was very clean and the decor was nicely done.
I would definitely return and recommend this restaurant  the food was very authentic.

We love the seafood dishes, the shrimp wrapped in bacon (apretalados) is my wife's favorite, just had the whole fish (mojarra rellena); really good.
Seafood in Mesa is really hit and miss, looks like we found a way to satisfy the seafood itch in Mesa

Well, it took a couple of years, but I found the BEST Mexican food in the Phoenix area (I know, bold statement) thanks to fellow yelpers!
The food, decor, wait staff & value were second to none.
The chips and salsa were fresh and delicious.
For dinner, I got the steak a la chipotle, and Angie got the chicken a la crema.
Both come with fresh tortillas on the side, and the servings were huge.
Mexican rice, refried beans & small portion of fresh cabbage were incredible.
They also both came with fresh, sauteed mushrooms which went perfectly with both dishes.
The only negative I can offer (which was difficult, 'cause almost everything else was perfect) was the fluorescent lighting - no one wants to be reminded of "work" when they're trying to unwind with a nice meal - and the lighting reminded me of that.
Outside of the minor lighting snafu, I have nothing negative to say about this place.
We will be back, soon!

Great place.
you have got to try the Carne Asada Nacho.
So wonderful.
Their Salsa is fantastic.

After getting a sudden craving for cheese enchiladas and fried ice cream, I realized I didn't know about any good local places where I could get some.
Thanks to Yelp, I found this AMAZING LITTLE GEM.
The service is friendly and prompt, the food is *delicious*.
The fried ice cream was so fresh and flavorful!
A++, would eat again.
Seriously, this place is my new favorite Mexican spot.

Absolutely the best Mexican food in town!
This was our first visit, and it  definitely wont be our last!
Great food, wonderful service, and authentic atmosphere!

Seriously the best Mexican Place in the Valley.

Que sabrosa!!
Why there aren't more Mexican restaurants of this caliber in the Phoenix area is beyond me.
The house margarita was better than expected.
My husband and I split the Especialidad de la Casa ($14.50).
We got through about 2/3 of it (huge portions) and it was delicious!
Tasted as good as our friends' authentic cooking.
Also a festive and clean atmosphere.
It's a bit of a shame that its in a rougher neighborhood.
Lock your car.
Otherwise, go in hungry and prepare to be delighted.
:-)

Loved every bite.
5 stars all day long!
I have been to the one in Heber, but this one is even better!
Even the beans were good, could be a meal on their own.

I think I need to try this place again.
My family and I stopped in for lunch one day.
The chips and salsa were delicious, but my entree was so-so and my iced tea didn't taste right.
The rest of my family enjoyed their dishes.
Overall, it was ok.
I wouldn't mind trying it again sometime.

Read the other YELP reviews & saw they were open on Sundays, so we headed right over to satisfy our craving for Mexican food.
Better than the reviews said!
The chips arrive warm & the salsa is great, not so spicy that all you taste is the heat.
Our server was friendly & the food was amazing.
We are already planning what to order "next time"!

So my girlfriend and I were on our way to have some Indian food when I found this Mexican Restaurant with a five star rating on Yelp.
We thought we had to give it a try and I am really glad we did.
I was at first worried about the location but when you walk in it was nothing like I expected.
What a great decor this place had.
It was open, colorful, and comfortable.
The service was great  and the staff was friendly.
I am not a Mexican food specialist and can't tell you what authentic is but I can tell you what taste good and  this place had it all from warm chips and a fresh pint of salsa, rice and beans to kill for, a flavorful red sauce, and just delicious food.
We will for sure be regulars here and have already passed the word to friends who have enjoyed this restaurant as much as us.

It's refreshing when a place lives up to it's reputation and Casa Ramos is one of those places.
I found it via Yelp and I ended up visiting it twice during my short stay in Mesa.
I am vegetarian so on my first visit I had the Veggie Burrito lunch plate and it was delicious.
The mushrooms were excellent.
On my second visit I went with the Veggie Fajitas and, again, it was fantastic.
The sauce was perfect and the tortillas were fresh and really tasty.

Thanks to yelp we just had the best Mexican food ever!
The service was great.
The atmosphere was great!
Could not have been any better!
Thanks fellow yelpers!!!

Food is very good, staff is friendly.
Building is kind of run down and the neighborhood is questionable at night.

I think its a little overrated personally... but main dish was good and for the price its very good... chips have a weird oily taste and cold... salsa is good mild and hot... best item was beans and rice.
Shredded beef was good too...

First of all, the rave reviews were accurate.
I brought my wife, my 3yr old son and my 94yr old grandmother to this place because we were looking for the best Mexican food in town.
I used Yelp to find this gem since I don't know the area very well.
It was hard to believe that a restaurant can maintain a 5 star rating, but now I see why.
Everyone was so accommodating.
The hostess seated us in a nice quiet booth so we could have a nice conversation.
She also offered to track down some crayons and sheets of paper for my son because they didn't have a kids coloring menu.
The waitstaff were also extremely accommodating.
They were prompt with their service, but were also available to answer questions (which they had knowledgable answers).
The food was amazing and reasonable.
Everything is fresh and homemade.
Yes, the salsa is good, and the entrees were large and tasty, but what really made the experience special was the fried ice cream the size of my 3yr old's head.
I am not usually a fried ice cream guy, but somehow I made room.
The restaurant was very clean and pleasant.
I saw some reviews stating that the neighborhood looked sketchy, but I felt completely safe.
The parking lot was well lit and there were people coming and going regularly.
There was nothing rough about it.
I would gladly bring my family back.
Thanks for the experience Casa Ramos!

Great food, slightly expensive, but well worth the service and quality.
Chips and Salsa were really good and the Carne Asada burrito was delicious.

Visited this based on the Yelp recommendations.
It did not disappoint!
Looks a little grotty from the outside, and seems typically tacky on the inside.
Good thing the food is crazy delicious.
Almost makes me wish I still lived in Mesa, just so I could visit weekly.
Instead I will have to plot my next visit and merely dream of taquitos.

Thanks to yelp I tried this place out.
The foods amazing, our waiter was knowledgable and friendly.
I'm referring this place to anyone looking for good quality Mexican food.
And when you see there prices for the quantity of food they being you, you'll be in for a surprise!

Three of us arrived for dinner at Casa Ramos in Mesa three days before Christmas.
Altough staying in North Scottsdale 23 miles away the great reviews on Yelp inspired us to make the trip.
The building and decor is nothing out of the ordinary but the food is another matter.
Our entree portions were plentiful and included a beef burrito, Camarones Al Mojo {a shrimp and mushroom dish with garlic butter sauce}, and Talpiquena, a very tasty carne asada beef with shrimp, garlic butter, mushrooms and cheese.
All served with tortillas, and excellent rice and refried beans.
An extensive list of  beer and other beverages complete the package.
Our server Marsha was very bubbly and attentive.
Our next trip to the Valley of the Sun will include dinner at Casa Ramos.

When I give a review based on stars it is for the cost of the meal.
So, where the average meal is something like ten to fifteen dollars (as it is here) it might get less stars if the cost was say twenty or fifty dollars a meal.
That being said, for the price this is simply the best mexican restaurant in the east valley.
I haven't had anything here (and I've eaten here dozens of times) that isn't top notch.
chips and salsa, buritos,enchiladdas, chimmies, you name it, it is all really good.
If the price was twice as high I'd still give it four stars, service is great too.

I really hate to give this place two stars, but our to-go order had so many mistakes and poor execution that I had to post.
Pluses included tamale, flautas and sides.
The server who helped us was great, but then I opened the food at home.
Fajitas were wrong order( ordered double beef and got single beef/ chicken )and had lots of gristle/connective tissue.
Most dishes were mushy due to lettuce next to/ under them and grease/ fat.
Shrimp with chipotle was overwhelmingly spicy and strong with lots of grease.
Ordered sopapillas which were missing.
Perhaps things are better when you order in restaurant, but they really need to improve to-go quality and execution.

This has become our regular Sunday Night fix.
Great Tacos, I recommend the Chile Verde.
Great margarita, chips & salsa...what else can you ask for?
Service is competent and friendly.
Have tried other dishes which are great, but the tacos I crave!
P.S.
ask for the hot green salsa!

Best Mexican Food I have had.
Great decor and service as well!!

I was recommended by a friend to check this place out and it was delicious.
very happy with my first visit and look forward to many more :).
From my conversation with my waiter the restaurant is family and locally owned too!

In Mesa to defrost for a few days and wanted Mexican food.
Got pointed to Casa Ramos by Yelp!
(thanks).
Our server Marsha was attentive, friendly, and professional.
5 stars for her.
The outside of the place doesn't inspire confidence - on the other hand, you don't eat outside.
The decor is, well, kitchy.
The place is clean, the food is really good, and the people are friendly.
Portions are large.
Food is hot (including the chips).
The salsa was was better than a chain Mexican place.
All that and the prices are very fair.
Well worth a visit.

A good quality, authentic Mexican restaurant.
Try the Chile Relleno, it's excellent!

Great  food.
The initial impression of the building sets the expectations low as does the average decor of the restaurant.
However, the first taste of the homemade salsa told me this could be a great meal- and it was.
The pork carnitas were amazing as were all of the trimmings.
The tamales were a little thicker than they needed to be but the owner's personable son, tending bar, assured me they are working on bringing those up to par with the rest of the food.
Highly recommend this place if you want some great Mexican food.

We had a great meal and excellent service.
Very friendly, attentive staff.
Always keeping our drinks filled, chips full and stopping by our table.
Would highly recommend.
Thank you Casa Ramos!!

Tried the pork carnitas plate on my first visit.
It came on a very large platter, and was an interesting spread of food.
Rice and beans were average, but the flavor of the pork was very good.
I'd probably go back here and explore the menu further when in the Mesa area.
Above average.

Usually on Yelp and similar sites, people either under-rate or overrate places.
Well, I am here to tell you this place is worth every bit of the hype.
I have NEVER had better Mole.
The chicken mole enchiladas were like an orgasm in your mouth.
I've been to Mexican restaurants all over the United States AND in Mexico and this is the hands down winner.
The food is out of this world, the portions are huge, they have a large diverse menu, and the prices are great.
Jessica was our waitress and she was OUTSTANDING!
Since we all know that everything can't be perfect, (although in this case, it really is), I will say there was one negative (in my opinion).
I was not a big fan of the mariachi band (three guys singing and playing guitar) going around to each individual table and singing to you.
To some people this may be great, but I'd prefer they just staying on a stage and sang at one point in the room instead of being a foot away while I'm eating.
But even this didn't bar Casa Ramos from being my favorite Mexican place ever.
Sadly, I live in Nebraska so I eat here once a year if I am lucky.
Therefore, PLEASE do my a favor and go savor the deliciousness of Casa Ramos for me!

When you walk into Casa Ramos you think your walking into a Mexican fortress.
It was amusing to see these little statues of roosters, bulls and a ox with its(private parts) showing while I was waiting for our food.As far as the meal tasted the chips and salsa were good and  plentiful.
I had the fish taco's made with tilapia.
It was cubed and very flavorful.
The dish comes with rice and refried beans but I had rancho beans (muy bien).
My wife had the veggie fajitas also that came with the side of rice and beans.
Portions are a good size and the value of the meal is good on the wallet.
I will be a repeat customer in the future.

Service - Other than the nice young man who promptly delivered chips and salsa to our table, the service was very poor.
We waited for about 15 minutes before even placing our  order and the place was not very busy.
Food - Mediocre at best.
But, in fairness, what we consider wonderful, others might consider very good.
We went to this restaurant based on many good Yelp reviews.
Sometimes Yelp comes through for us and sometimes not.

This place was everything I ever wanted as far as mexican food goes.
I ordered the mexican pizza, which was absolutely delicious!!!
Salsa & chips were also great.
They had live mariachi.
I have found a mexican restaurant that meets my expectations :)

First trip here.
Service was great and the food was some of the best Mexican I have had.
This is my new favorite Mexican place.

The plates here are huge, you get a whole lot of food for the money.
I tried the fajita enchiladas, and both the steak and chicken were quite good.
The marinade used on the meats is tasty.
The salsa was a little tame for my taste, but that is true of most places.
Overall I would not hesitate to try this place again.
They have a large menu, so there are lots of options for a future return visit.

This is by far the best mexican restaurant my husband and I have had in AZ.
The chips and salsa are delicious.
He always orders the chipotle cream shrimp and I like to change it up.
I can't complain about their shrimp cocktails, enchiladas, molcajete, or shrimp dishes.
Everything is delicious.
Love the margaritas!
And micheladas!
Service is great too.
Highly recommend this place!

Finally we found a mexican restaurant worth going to.
The salsa was outstanding and so was the food.
Service was quick but not rushed.
The best in all of Phoenix !

Salsa was old and fermented...made me sick to my stomach (seriously).
Lunch portions were very skimpy.
Food was nothing better than average.
Was very let down by this place.
How it gets such good reviews blows my mind.

I was in Mesa and was craving Mexican food!
I turned to Yelp and  found Casa Ramos which had some excellent reviews!
It was a horrible experience!!!
We waited more than 25 min for our appetizer and another 15 min for our entrees.
Once I got my food, I found a hair in my food!!!
The waiter asked if he could get me anything else but never apologized.
I was pretty much done with this place!
The only good thing was they didn't charge me for my plate!!!
I will not be going back to this place nor recommending it to any of my friends or family!!!

Excellent place to eat mexican food

The fajits are good but the flammin plate is really good, Steak, chicken and shrimp with really good marinades.

This place is great!
A surprise spot in my neck of the woods I was unaware of.
I'm a native to the east valley, so having Mexican food I can enjoy outside of my extended family's cooking is difficult.
I can't give it 5 stars because the service didn't blow my socks off, but the food is outstanding.
You have to ask for their hot green sauce, it will burn you.

I have a new favorite Mexican joint!
My usual affordable neighborhood place is closed for the summer, we had guests in from the east coast who wanted Mexican , I used yelp to find this place and I literally want to eat there again and I'm still full from the gigantic portion I just ate!
I was happy with the staff ( take out) and the food.
We arrived early to pick up our order and I noticed that when a party walks in the staff goes immediately to get their chips while the hostess is seating them, now that's service.
I have 0 complaints about the food nothing we had was iffy or eh and our guests were impressed

This is the best Mexican food restaurant I've eaten at in the Phoenix area.
Their salsa and chips are outstanding.
I order the ground beef tacos every time I come here.
The service is friendly and attentive with no signs of  "attitude" which detracts from many Mexican restaurants around here.

I came here during the Lunch hour, and at first I was a little apprehensive about the place.
It was completely empty, but reviews said it was good, so my Dad and I went in.
The chips and salsa were excellent.
I usually never find the "house" salsas of restaurants to be hot enough for me, but this one was spot on.
I ordered chicken enchiladas and I was pleasantly surprised at how good they were!
The chicken was shredded, moist, and nicely seasoned.
The enchilada sauce itself was smooth, slightly spicy, and pretty good overall.
The rice served with the dish was also very good.
I would come back here again.

I've driven past this place a hundred times, my husband and I finally made it in today for lunch.
Our meal started with a generous helping of chips and salsa.
My husband ordered the Mexican pizza and I the chicken tostada platter.
We both liked his dish a little better but none the less they were both good.
I'm only giving it 3 stars because I didn't feel like the food was super out of the ordinary and this will be a good back up if we don't make it to our usual go to Mexican restaurants.

I a born in Mesa gal and know good Mexican food when I taste it.
I read all the reviews and decided to try this place.
The restaurant is on Main, between Stapley and Gilbert in the old "Golden Fork" building.
The interior is Mex Style with faux adobe, artwork and the like.
We were seated promptly for lunch and immediately brought chips and salsa.
Both were good.
Our server promptly took our order.
We both had Lunch Special "2" which is a taco+enchilada served with beans and rice.
Plates were super hot, beans were good, rice was good but it ended for me there.
The cheese enchilada was bland and the taco meat too "Fake" tasting.
It had that taco seasoning flavor.
I was genuinely underwhelmed by the place.
It wasn't bad, wasn't good.
The carpet in the restaurant is filthy and must be replaced (this time put in tile) I found the carpet a that a little off putting.
$6.50 for a lunch special which is good.
Like I said,  the food was serviceable but certainly not in any way memorable.
They do have happy hour -- $3 house margaritas and 2 for 1 beer.
I might go back someday for that but I would never go again for the food.
The Filibertos next door has better food (and a drive through)  :-)

So good!
We went on Mother's Day and the place was packed, but we only waited about 6-8 minutes and the hostess was very apologetic.
The food was wonderful - i got Green Chile Pork Enchiladas and by husband branched out and ordered the Crab Enchiladas which were sweet and savory and so delish.
We well definitely go back soon!

Chips and salsa were good - service was good.
Once our order was taken, it took a considerable amount of time for our food to come out.
At first, I almost became upset - but the food was well worth the wait!
Someone in my party ordered the steak fajitas and the hot plate sizzled for a good 5-7 minutes at the table.
Portions were large and the food was authentic.
Will gladly eat there again!

We we're served fermented salsa.
Unfortunately our 1.5 yr old didn't spot it.
When mom tasted it after a few minutes she freaked out a bit.
Serving spoiled food should is a huge problem!
At this point, the waiter should have been profusely apologizing and getting us margaritas.
The food is OK.
I tried some garlic shrimp and a relleño on a previous visit.
Average food, above average for Mesa I suppose.
The service has been slow and unapologetic on both visits, so I'll have to pass on this place from now on.

My experience was not a pleasent one.
Location - plenty of parking Atmosphere- a little cramped, but efficient use of space in number of tables.
Went early lunch 11:30 no one else there (customers) Service- took awhile to be attended, only one person.
He was busy doing something else.
Upon ordering some enchiladas the gentleman proceeds to tell me that there are no tortillas.
I personally was in shock to here this, since it is a mexican restaurant and tortillas are a staple ingridient to the cuisine.
After waiting for 15 min to receive my food.
The gentleman sais that they found some.
And after another 15 min get my food.
Food-it was ok.
Nothing great to talk about.

Dime a dozen.
Thought that with the high Yelp ratings it would be good, it's below average.
Worst part was service.
No one seems to be able to make any decision without talking with someone first.

I eat here very often and let me tell you the food is amazing!
Never have I been disappointed.
I highly recommend it.
Service is great.
Everyone with something bad to say about this place is insane.
Love, love, love casa ramos!
Give this place a try.
You wont be let down!

This place is as generic as it gets.
I could've made a better dinner with products from Walmart.

Anytime I am craving good Mexican food I head to Casa Ramos.
Yelp reviews got me in the door but the food has kept me coming back and recommending this place to anyone who will listen to me.
The staff is super friendly, the ambiance is great and the food........i can't even begin to tell you how delicious it truly is.
You must try it for yourself.
Recommendations: Pollo a la Crema, Chile Relleno and Pork Enchilada's.
(Honestly, I don't know if you could go wrong with anything on their menu.

This is one of the best mexican's restaurant, even better than garcia's.
I would highly recommend it.
Especially the service is GREAT!!
And food is AWESOME.

Horrible.
The service was slow.
The food wasn't any good.
It is pretty expensive for what it is.
Very disappointed.
After seeing the rating in yelp I was expecting a lot better  of a restaurant.

Excellent food and service!
We highly recommend.
We got a #20 enchilada/taco combo plate and steak fajitas.

Tired after a long ass ride from Ventura to Phoenix,  with a gorgeous detour up into Pine Cove, my stomach reminds me that I haven't eaten all day.
Since good vittle options are limited in this part of Mesa,  I bust out my trusty little Yelp app for a quick scan.
It's a coin toss between Mexican or Salvadorean.
Much to my chagrin,  Mexican wins.
Not because I don't like it but because the idea of washing down a few pupusas with a nice cold beer was quite appealing and a welcome surprise given the sea of fast food and crappy chains which make up the culinary landscape around these here parts.
So off we went to nearby Casa Ramos.
The place is cute and the service welcoming.
The menu is your standard gringo-mex.
The homemade salsa was devoured within seconds and the house margarita was decent.
Rosario, our server,  was delightful.
All in all, this joint gets my seal of approval.
Fin clapping begins here.
Good times in the Sonoran Desert!

Awesome food & service.
There will be a return visit for certain.

After reading Yelp reviews we choose Casa Ramos for our Mexican meal.
Curb appeal is OK, and once inside you are treated to a big room and full bar.
Staff quickly sat us, took our drink order and then our dinner order.
Food was sizzling hot when it arrived.
I had the beef and chicken fajitas.
They were excellent and plenty of food on the plate.
My wife had the chile relleno and was happy with her meal as well.
The staff was very friendly and on task.
Both the waitress and server checked more that once to see that our needs were met.
We both agreed we would eat there again.
BOB from COBB Cobb, CA

Excellent!!!!
Huge portions for great price!
Seriously good Mexican food, we will be back!

I was suggested Blue Adobe Grill for Mexican food.
When I walked into the joint, no Mexican servers, cooks or customers!
Food looked Americanized and I walked out!
I looked up Yelp and found this place.
Even though it was 6 miles away, I was more than happy, that I choose to come here!!
The place has a wonderful atmosphere!
Mexican decorations, music, servers and cooks!
The servers where super friendly and willing to give good suggestions to food!
The food was great and the happy hour for beer was awesome!
If you are looking for GOOD Mexican food.... then you want to come here!
I would come again in a heart beat if I was in the area for work again!

My favorite Mexican food place.
Period.
I am never let down with the overall quality of the food & staff.

We've been a few times because the food is good, but the service is normally pretty slow.
More than once we've had to ask for a check or remind someone that we're ready to order.

This was my first time here.
It was a Mother's Day treat for me with my 2 boys.
What a treat.
From the out side ur kinda , I don't know.
But the inside is inviting , with a warm feeling and the food is so....... Good.
This is a gem in the rough.
I would recommend this.
Food and atmosphere great.
I posted pictures also.
Good mexican food.
Thank you my boys!!

Pros:  good home made salsa, plenty of Chips, especial margarita, fun dido dip   Cons: service - had to ask for a drink, asked to order and get the check.
Waitress acted as if we were a hassle.
Food turnaround time was extremely long.
Plates came out super hot but the food was luke warm at best.
Overall:  still on a search for decent Mexican food in Phoenix.
I do not recommend spending your hard earned money at this establishment.
I wish I would have picked up a burrito from a fast food joint instead.

My wife and I have been here multiple times and have always enjoyed.
My wife's favorites are the peach margarita and fajita burrito.
I have tried multiple items, including the Chicken Mole, and enjoyed them all.

We are Mexican food snobs and we love this place!
Authentic family run restaurant.
They care about service and food.
Loved the Burrito Colorado.
The table salsa is excellent.

One of the rare places in Phoenix that actually serves my favorite Mexican dish.
Salsa was not very hot but the service was great.
Sketchy part of town but worth the stop!

I can not say I would ever crave to go back here... but it was decent.

Better than any chain restaurant yet not great authentic Mexican food.
I ordered the #18 which had an overly sweet chicken mole enchilada with hardly any flavor outside of the sugar.
It also came with a really good chicken flauta not overly done with a nice cheese flavor inside, with good rice and beans.
The fun interior adds to the atmosphere and the chips and salsas are yum.
If you like a little heat ask for the green salsa, it is very good and homemade.

We waited over 30 minutes after ordering to get our order!
When the food came, the rice and sauce was crusted and dry from sitting to long under the warmer.
I returned my food  with only an apology from the wait staff and the manager didn't come over to see if anything could be done.
I will not come back!

We have lived by this place for about two years but hadn't tried it.
We've been very adventurous lately with trying new places so we decided to go for it.
The yelp reviews were mostly positive so we figured it couldn't be that bad.
We decided to do take out and ordered our food over the phone.
The person answering the phone was very polite and took the order without issue.
When we arrived to pick up the food the staff was incredibly polite which was great.
We received everything we ordered without any issues which seems to be a rare thing these days.
I had ordered the crab enchiladas since they advertised real crab meat.
The other items were carne asada and bean/cheese burritos.
The dinners had sides of beans/rice and we also had chips/salsa with our order.
The boxes were huge.
The food inside didn't come anywhere near filling the boxes.
There was nothing wrong with the portion sizes which were perfectly adequate.
They were just in boxes that weren't appropriately sized.
The first thing I did was try the chips/salsa.
The chips were good and I don't know if they make them or get them from someone else.
The salsa which is supposed to be house made had a major cumin overload.
I tried it a few times and then that was it.
I didn't want any more for the chips or my enchiladas.
I went and grabbed a bottle of Cholula out of my pantry.
I moved on to the crab enchiladas.
The sauce was okay but the crab meat tasted kind of fishy.
I couldn't tell if it was fake or if it was just old but either way it wasn't great.
It wasn't horrible but it definitely was not quality food worthy of the price.
The beans/rice were decent.
The carne asada and bean/cheese burritos were okay.
Other than the funky crab meat and the pure cumin salsa, the rest of the meal was just okay.
It wasn't bad and it wasn't overpriced.
It was just a "meh" type experience.
Given the choice, I would gladly go around the corner and go to Garcia's.
It's not the best Mexican food experience either but definitely a better quality and much more enjoyable than this place.

This was my first time here.
It was a Mother's Day treat for me with my 2 boys.
What a treat.
From the out side ur kinda , I don't know.
But the inside is inviting , with a warm feeling and the food is so....... Good.
This is a gem in the rough.
I would recommend this.
Food and atmosphere great.
I posted pictures also.
Good mexican food.
Thank you my boys!!

