This was my third attempt over the years at hot air ballooning.
The first 2 were cancelled due to weather.
Hubby got a great special on Groupon and surprised me with it for our anniversary!
We had to meet our crew at 6:45 am at Starbucks, they tested the winds with party balloons and collected our consent forms.
The staff was great (Tom the pilot, Jonathan, and Doug).
We soon all piled in the van and to our surprise drove a block away to an empty dirt lot to set up the balloon.
The crew keeping things interesting with their jokes.
We got safety instructions and some jobs to do in assisting to set up the balloon.
We saw other balloons preparing around us as well.
By about 7:45 we were climbing in the basket for lift off.
The gas burners in the balloon really kicked out the heat so keep that in mind when you dress.
We were informed that the ride is all dependent on the winds.
They were light that day so our float was nice, calm and slow.
We were in the air for about 45 minutes, we floated about 3 miles.
We could see the strip and we floated near the base of the mountains, we floated over neighborhoods, so the experience wasn't as scenic as I expected it to be, but it was a wonderful experience.
Our landing was a bit bumpy but I thought that was the best part!
After our ride we helped the crew pack up the balloon and equipment.
Tom then surprised us with stories, champagne, and snacks.
What a great ending to our adventure.
Soon we were all piling back in the van to drop us off at our cars.
I would definitely go ballooning again, maybe not in Vegas though, I would prefer to float over more natural surroundings.

everything was awesome.... the staff was incredible, professional and the experience was incredible....   i would do it again if i would go to las vegas again.

I bought a groupon for this balloon ride.
We tried to schedule several times AND all of the trips were cancelled by the service provider (due to wind being too strong).
They also would not refund my money after I told them one of my family member from out of town had heart attack and was advised by doctor to not get on the ride.
We tried to schedule for 1 year and could not get on the ride.
They were not sympathetic at all.
I called them several times and was told to sell my coupon on craigslist.
I tried selling those useless coupons for 2 months for half of what I paid for, nobody bought.
This is a big scam.
I would be VERY careful and not spend any money on this business.

We went to Vegas for a week for my BF birthday, so I wanted to make it a memorable experience.
More than the excessive drinking and parting!
(which of course is a given in vegas)   I saw this deal on Groupon for activies in Vegas for $250 for two people.
Which is a good deal considering that is normally the cost per person!
We had to be up in front of our hotel for pick up around 530am.
(We stayed at the Palms Place, which is a little off the strip)   It was hot and being in a "hot air balloon" doesnt help.
So I would avoid getting too wasted the night before because the heat wiill make you want to throw up.
The view was nice (Im normally scared of height, but I felt safe confined in the basket of the balloon)  Im sure other place would be more enjoyable because the view was of mainly dry land and houses, I would like to try this out of the country!!
But over all a fun experience.
The staff were all friendly and informative.

When in Vegas, this is a must.
I realize there are other places you can go to for this type of attraction.
There are a bunch in California - BUTT...the view that comes with this ride is spectacular.
You'll have the strip in the front, red rock canyon in the back, more of vegas city to your left and all the new neighborhood to your right.
Well, at least that's how it was for us.
The crew picked us up from our hotel OR we had the choice of driving to their rendezvous at a starbucks.
Hang out there for a few minutes, get coffee since it is at the crack of sunrise, then they'll explained what the whole procedure of the experience will be like.
They did tell us that even though we are their customers, we will still be involved in setting up the balloon and putting it back once we were done.
I'm sure women will bitch about it.
But give these guys a break, the balloons are heavy and it's not an easy job.
They're not young either so really, stop crying.
Once the balloon was almost ready, the crew was good about taking pictures of everyone, no matter where and how many shots your want.
They will also take a picture of you in the balloon before you take off.
Once you take off, you'll really get to see Vegas in a different way.
Being up more than 1000ft of the ground, it makes the loud party city seem so quiet.
Once we faced the red rock canyon, I turned on my amazing ability of tuning out the rest of the world and focused on the gorgeous piece of art work mother nature gave us.
It's so relaxing and peaceful.
If you're afraid of heights, the sight might just calm you down.
The Pilot and the Crew were super friendly which is part of why the whole experience was so great.
They made everyone feel comfortable, cracked jokes, the pilot even told a little story at the end of our ride which came with champaign and cheese.
(No it's not fancy but they tried)   I highly recommend Vegas Balloon Rides.
A+!

My girlfriend and I had a flight for our anniversary and it was an unforgettable experience.
Sheldon was our pilot, a very experienced and passionate balloon pilot.
He's traveled the world flying the balloons and has a pretty impressive resume.
Larry on his crew is friendly and hilarious.
The guys stop at nothing to give the bet experience possible, from taking pictures of your party to prolonging your flight as long as possible.
You can't leave here without developing a passion for balloon flight.
Weather permitting (curse the Vegas wind that had us reschedule about 4 times), this is a bucket list item to be checked off your list.
Worth the wait!

Beware!
Our balloon ride was cancelled due to weather and we had to pay an administrative fee of $100 for absolutely no reason.
No reasonable business has this type of cancellation policy.
Needless to say, we will never recommend this company to anyone looking for this type of experience.

My boyfriend got a Groupon here, and we went on our very 1st hot air balloon ride this morning!
We had a great time and the entire staff went above and beyond to make sure that we had the best experience.
Sheldon was our pilot.
He is one of the best guides I've ever met.
Not only is he friendly and welcoming, he is a wealth of knowledge (comical too, and not your usual boring tour guide).
He is also a realtor.
Guess for what company?
Remax!
He is passionate about balloons and it shows.
Request for him, you won't be disappointed.
After the ride we helped the crew fold up and bag the balloon.
It's not easy!
The crew work very hard (lifting heavy equipment) to put away the balloon.
Don't forget to tip them for their work.
Some are pilot students and do not get paid.
When we were done, we had champagne and light snacks as Sheldon shared more balloon trivia and history to us.
If you don't like the heat, I would suggest going on the ride in November when it is not too cold, but cold enough to enjoy the fire from the balloon.
You'll appreciate it more because it'll keep you warm.
If you go during the summer, don't wear a tank top like I did.
You'd feel like your shoulders are burning.

Our balloon ride was amazing!
Ron our pilot was the best!
He was very knowledgable and showed us a great time!
It was a perfect day out.
They provided us with water, mimosas, fruit and cheese!
They let us take as many pictures as we wanted and would even take pictures on our cameras for us!
I definitely recommend riding with this company!
They were great!

Scam alert!
Vegas Balloon Rides will totally waste your time and give you a headache.
I flew to Las Vegas from Houston, TX on two occasions (January and July 2014) and had 5 different appointment days for a "balloon ride" and none of them ever panned out to be a ride.
They tell you that you have to call a phone number at 8:30 at night to confirm if the pilot is still able to fly for the next day and the recording says,"Sorry the flight has been canceled.
" On my last scheduled flight the recording said it was a go, so we had our hopes up.
We woke up a 4:00 in the morning to drive to a Starbucks meeting point (far in the middle of nothing) that you have to be at at 5am and a fat guy in a van pulled up and told the group of us waiting to our face that it has been canceled.
Everyone in the group was upset.
This is a total scam!
I wasted two flights to Las Vegas and 5 different days in Las Vegas over this sham of a company.
Don't fall for it.
The rep. for Vegas Balloon Rides Lisa Alfred will say, "This is so odd, everyone flies" and all she does is give apologies.
This is the worst scam of an attraction in Las Vegas.

