Friendly staff and a LOT of delicious options for both beverages and food.
I've tried their Belgian waffles (nothing extraordinary but great for a morning when you want a little extra sweetness for breakfast) and I've also had a couple of their wraps which were delicious.
The place is generally quiet but not so quiet it feels awkward.
It's right by the library which is a big plus for me.
They serve Alterra coffee and also offer a selection of difference local coffees to choose from.
They serve ice cream which I haven't yet indulged in, but I'm sure I will at some point.
An all around good place to sit and read, work, grab a nice lunch/coffee with a friend.

We found this nice little cafe on Yelp while visiting Madison and had a great brunch.
The place is in a little shopping center and was near our hotel.
The Belgian waffles are highly recommended and they had a limited but attractive menu for lunch and dinner.
Everything we ate tasted good and was homemade.

My husband and I were visiting our daughter and staying at a nearby hotel.
We went here for a delicious lunch - I had the steak and white bean soup with the salad bar.
The soup was excellent and the salad bar had lots of fresh choices - unlimited.
We took my daughter and her husband and three children for breakfast the next day.
The owners and staff are very helpful and accomodating.
They made it such a fun and homey experience.
The place has nice things for sale - coffees and candy, dessert items and ice cream.
The children loved it.
The waffles and egg sandwiches were great.

TnT cafe, I wanted to like you.
Really, I did.
Seeing as you live in my neighborhood and I have clients in the area, you make for an ideal location for me to stop in and get work done on my laptop.
However.
I shall be coming to you no more.
I have been in three times this week.
Your coffee is good.
I had the Alterrra Love Supreme as well as the Door county Red Velvet Mocha.
What I did not have was a good experience.
The first two visits of this week were fine.
I was greeted, I bought my coffee, and I went about my business.
Solid.
Let me say this; I had no idea there was a $3 minimum to use plastic.
During my first 2 visits this week, there was never an issue with using a debit card.
No one ever mentioned it (I don't carry cash.
I know, I know, save the lecture).
Today I went to buy my 2.22 cup of coffee the cashier rudely told me there was a $3 min.
I told her I had been in 2 other times this week and no one had told me that.
She then moved a plastic display to show me a small sign taped to the cash register.
Swell, I thought.
Welp.
I have no cash and I am not buying a donut.
I explained I was in 2 other times this week (afternoon visits, not AM visits) to which she said, "I don't think so, I have been here all week".
Rude.
Rude.
Rude.
Rude.
Rude.
Not going back.
Sorry, TnT.
This is why I refer to this part of Madison as suburbia hell.

I've visited this cute shop probably 10 times in the last year, as it's just down the street from my house.
What lured me in is I learned they serve Alterra coffee...which I love!
The café is quaint...nothing too special, but their drinks are always superb (their honey latte is fantastic!).
The last three times I've been they have used "Crest Whitening + Scope" insulator wraps on their cups...which is ridiculous to me!
If I'm going to pay $5 for a latte, I don't want a cheesy ad to come with it...after all part of a coffee shop is the experience (you can call me shallow but you know it's true).
My last visit this morning also included an un-friendly barista (I'd never seen her before) that made my drink wrong which I didn't realize until I was already on the road...and decided to turn around since I didn't get the hazelnut I paid for in my drink.
At this point, I'm going to go two more blocks and visit Barriques...or if I have time drive to the new Alterra café on the square.
I'm bummed since I love Alterra coffee.

The coffee drinks are superb & they offer delicious gluten free waffles (also bread & rolls ).
The owner is friendly, although sometimes the female cashier is a little rude.
Still love it though !

Well, I've been here twice.. And each time I've been snubbed by staff, owner included.
Having worked in a coffee shop for years I know what a customer expects and I know how staff should present themselves; friendly and hospitable.
Coffee shops are neighborhood hang outs..
It should be inviting and welcoming.
This place is not.
Which is why Ill be choosing another neighborhood coffee shop to spend my time and money.
Foods good here, and I'm not denying that, but you can get good food in a lot of places.

The guy and I went here for the first time today, and were really pleased.
We split a pumpkin waffle and a bacon breakfast burrito.
The waffle was tasty, although a little on the crisper side.
The breakfast burrito was the best we've had in Madison.
The coffee was Alterra and thus excellent.
As for service, it was friendly and prompt.
The cashier was pleasant and helpful, and came by once we got our food to check on us.
The owner/cook brought our food, then checked on us later and thanked us for coming.
We saw nothing like what a couple of reviewers complained about.
We will absolutely be going back - and bringing family and friends!

Just found this place.
It's not fancy but it's great to have so close to home.
The coffee and food are really solid.
I had a breakfast burrito that was grilled panini style - it was really good.
They've also got like a dozen different types of waffles.
The service makes it feel more like a restaurant than a coffee joint.
I'm adding it to the rotation.

I always enjoy the friendly staff and the food is always good.
I love the treats too!

I am a regular at TNTs because their food is delicious and their coffee is superb.

Small but comfy cafe!
The Belgian waffles are their specialty and seriously delicious.
Stopped in today for breakfast with my other half for breakfast.
About a dozen different waffle flavor combos.
We tried the chunky monkey (chocolate and walnut waffle topped with more walnuts, bananas, chocolate syrup, and whipped cream) and the fat elvis (chocolate chip waffle topped with peanut butter, bananas, chocolate syrup, and whipped cream) both of which were tasty and generously sized.
Big thumbs up for having both Colectivo coffee and Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream.
Not going to lie, I've stopped in on hot summer days after work just for a dish of ice cream.
Also, the Milky Way Latte is perfection!
This could become a Saturday morning favorite.

Went to TnT for a quiet brunch with a friend.
We each picked a waffle and I had a coffee.
You have to order at the counter.
This caused some confusion for a customer who say next to us after we had ordered.
The man who took our order was not the friendliest, but he wasn't particularly rude.
I felt like maybe he just needed to drink some of the delicious Colectivo coffee they serve.
When ordering coffee, he asked if I wanted medium or dark roast, decaf, or flavored.
They have labels out for all of the options to help you decide.
I went with dark, and it was nice and hot when served to me.
I think that Colectio delivers it throughout the day, because while we were there, a woman walked in with two containers full of hot coffee.
My friend had an Oreo waffle which was crammed with chocolate.
The Oreo cookie bits added a nice crunch.
I went with the Elvis, which was topped with creamy peanut butter, bananas, and chocolate sauce.
It was sooooo delicious.
The eating area is cozy an during our meal, sstaff came out and chatted with some regular customers.
I will definitely be going back to check out all the other waffle options and maybe even the savory options too.

