Sports bar with varied menu and lots of choices, full bar, friendly helpful staff.
Huge outdoor patio.
Happy Hour specials.
TV's all over the place.
Fun place to visit!

Fun to visit but really tasteless food.
Spaghetti tasted like it came from a can.
Someone needs to learn how to use spices!

If I'm going to write something negative, I try to also point out something positive.
With that, I can say the service was great and very friendly.
Now the food.
Not a great value and mediocre.
The cheese steak sandwich was about the size of a 6" sub, but at a whopping $12.
It didn't have a whole lot of flavor.
The onion rings on my friend's plate were covered in grease and all of the breading had fallen off.
I take it they were hand made, but you have to get it right if you go that route.
As I looked around our table, it seemed the portions were on the small side.
Overall, a friendly and inviting place.
The food and pricing need some work.

The Inferno wings are awesome !

Unfortunately I can't comment on the food here.
After an hour of waiting we had to leave before we ever got our food.
We arrived just after 11:15.
The place was busy because of a large group of little league players and our waitress informed us there might be a "wait".
We told her we had to be somewhere at 1:00 and all agreed it would be OK.  By noon my husband was getting cranky so we asked her how much longer our food would take.
Noticing the baseball team was finishing up and had been eating wings and burgers (which shouldn't take THAT long to make) we thought we'd be up next.
She said our ticket was now 5th in line so we waited some more.
12:15 rolls around and we let her know that if our food isn't coming soon, we need to leave.
She tells us they are plating our food right now and brought us our check so we could pay right away.
12:25 and the husband is fuming.
We ask one last time what's going on with our food and the manager comes to apologize that our ticket was "somehow lost".
We got up abruptly to leave so we could have time to drive through Wendy's before our 1:00 meeting.
Their new baja salad is quite tasty!
So why the 2 stars?
One of the waitresses (not ours) ran after my daughter in the parking lot to give us a $25 gift certificate.
At this point I'm not sure we'll actually use it, but the gesture was their only saving grace.
Now if only I could have that hour of my life back...

Great place for lunch, the Rookie burger was awesome!!!
Really good draft beer selection (try the new Camelback IPA from Phoenix Ale), great patio seating, friendly staff, and plenty big TV's

Friends and I had an early dinner.
We enjoyed margaritas and then a meal.
Two people had good side salads with leafy greens and cucumber, etc.
however the flatbread pizza looked anemic to me.
My other friend and I each had their prime beef burger... mine with no bun (gluten free way), and okay French fries.
Burger was very tasty and had grilled onions, mushrooms, bacon and cheese on it.
Filling meal.
We had friends arrive later who did sit out in the patio and probably more of dinner time and they did complain of slow food arrival.

Great place.
Food was very good for a sports bar.
Portion size was above average.
Peopole were very nice!
Lots of TV screens everywhere!
Drawback: No Firearms Posting on the door.
Since I carry concealed and have for most of my life and also have a concealed carry permit, I will not be going back.

The only reason Ive given 4 stars is because I havent had a chance to eat anything else here but the burgers.
Everytime I go in I keep ordering the burgers.
They are that good!!!
This place use to be the Native New Yorker but went to different managment twice before being bought again and is now Rookies.
I love how they rearrainged some of the tvs.
The way Native had them set up was horrible.
I can now see more than one tv without straining my neck.
I will be back for Football season.
Maybe then ill try something else.
But man those burgers are soooo good.

My salad was good but had things on it that weren't listed on the menu so had to pick it off.
My husband had the taco salad and won't ever get that if we go back because it was covered in chili that he didn't care for.
Not sure if we will give it another chance.
It was average.

I really wanted to like this restaurant, but was disappointed with our experience.
Rookies is a family run sports bar and sports and lots of TV's are the big priority here.
I thought the food was too bland and overcooked as well.
Our server was pleasant but could not over compensate for poor food quality.
She seemed unfamiliar with the menu, and apologized too much.
Two major entrees were not available to order, so I felt like I was settling for a salad which was tasty although I was not brought any dressing.
The two Italian meals my family ordered were dry and tasteless.
It was very disappointing.
We were comped a desert, but didn't feel that regained much ground for us.
Too bad - I do wish them well but I think they have some serious short comings to work out before they loose more customers.
We probably wouldn't try it again.

Great place to watch a game and have some great food.
The service is fantastic and quick to fill your drink back up.
Food is really good and the cold beer is even better.
Also has a kid menu and is family friendly...

I love this place!
Great food, great atmosphere and friendly people.
Located in an old Native New Yorker, the new owners really took this place and made it their own.
It's a great neighborhood bar, perfect for watching the game or just hanging out with friends.

This was awful!
Really wanted it to be good cause were tired of the same old in Anthem.
Sunday afternoon....took 35 minutes to get wings...place was half empty and food was luke warm.
I ordered chicken strips and my son said "Did you get fries?
"....yes, they were that thin!
Never again unless they get their act together

Went with some out of towners to watch a football game & get some wings etc.
First time I went in March 2012 (St Patricks Day) was a disappointment so I hadn't been back until now.
Something's obviously changed because the food was terrific and service was better too.
I had hot wings, they were perfectly cooked, perfectly sauced, and of course they didn't charge for extra bluecheese which I really cannot stand.
My guests had flatbread pizzas and they were really, really good!
Cheese fries were "OK".
I think they were "rookies" when they first opened, but I'll be back and bring my pretty big family w/kids because I like the food, atmosphere and hospitality.

Decent place to have a few Beers and hang out.
We visited this place while waiting to pick up our Son from a birthday party he attended nearby.
It was very crowded the night we came here....lucky to find a couple of chairs at the end of the bar.
Despite the busy night, we were served our Beers pretty quickly.
They're on top of it here.
Too bad this place is in BFE.
We live 40 min away....  Return Factor - 60%

Rookies.
In the culinary department, that is.
How hard can it be to make chicken strips that aren't dried up little shriveled sticks?
The fries were just ok, and the waitress was attentive.
But I truly wanted to absolutely bash some guy at the bar who kept kicking the barstool in time to the music playing in the background.
I wasn't alone in that thought either from the looks he was getting from the others.
Hope they clean up their act soon, it's a great location.

Everything they make is fresh made, nothing is frozen or processed - which is great change of pace for a sports bar!
Staff is friendly and there's usually a good atmosphere.
I would just stay away from Friday nights when they have beer pong tournaments (interesting crowd).

Atmosphere is fine but not sure what makes this a family place.
There is one video game but the restaurant is RIGHT next to the bar so....the food is typical fried food nothing to write home about.
The bar late night is a fun place.
The bartenders are personable.

Nice place, waitress was really nice to our 4 year old.
The pulled pork sliders are really good.
Pretty decent place, will be back again.

Tried this place again...no greeting upon entry.
They were busy.
It's a holiday so duh.
1 waiter and a waitress.
2 bartenders.
Waiter walks by so I ask if we can sit at a table and point to it.
He says, "Its open seating".
Thought that was a bit rude but maybe just being sensitive.
So a waitress comes up and asks if we want something to drink.
She seemed like she was in a hurry and we weren't really ready but ordered a mixed drink and I ordered a Sierra Nevada.
She comes back with the drink and says the bartender said they are all out of Sierra Nevada.
She doesn't offer a different option.
Then I guess I was taking too long and she says, do you want me to come back?
I said yes you dont need to stand here any longer.
So I look at the menu and when she comes back asks if she has a different IPA and point to it.
She brings the drinks and we order.
Kids got mac n cheese which ended up being Kraft and a pizza which was  a frozen Totino's pizza so $.99 each so far but of course they charge you $5 for it.
No sides.
No drink.
We get our food and she comes back and asks us if we want another drink.
Husband orders a drink on the menu.
She comes back a bit later and says the bartender doesnt know how to make the drink.
My husband says well look at the menu.
She says well he doesnt know how much to pour.
Then she says, Well he doesnt have the rum.
So husband says never-mind I am good without a drink.
She comes back a few min later and says the bartender would buy him a drink.
Great.
So I ask her for a box so we can get going.
She comes back with the drink no box.
So I ask again plus ask for the bill.
Finally she brings the box and the bill and quickly comes back for our payment and returns the bill for signing.
In the meantime the bartender comes over to a closet and opens it up.
What's inside?
Sierra Nevada!
WTF.
Ummm i thought you said you didnt have any.
LAME.
So the waitress and waiter are no good at their job, the cook sucks at making and choosing real food for the menu, the bartender can't make drinks or stock his bar.
Seriously?
How does this place survive?
Are everyone's expectations for $10 priced dinners so low that no one needs to know how to do their job and do it well?
I will tell you if I had extra money to own a restaurant, I would do it right.
I would train my staff to treat people as customers and do my job with efficiency so you never have to tell the customer, We dont have it, when it is on the menu.
What an amazing thing to be able to own a restaurant, work at one but at this restaurant no one cares about that.
I would come and manage this restaurant for a month and it would make more money that it has it's entire exsistance.
Maybe it is just a tax shelter.....hmmmmmm....3rd time is a charm.
I will not be back as a patron.

Service was great.
Food was horrible!!!
If you want good service and just want to drink then this is your place.
I've been here a few times great service horrible food.
Plus could barely breathe because it smelled like the deep fryer was in the eating area.
Needs better ventilation.

Great palace to watch sports.
They make sure every football game is viewable.
Chris is a super bartender.
Try the Moscow Mule drink.

If I could give less than 1 star I would.
My wife was served raw pork sliders...it's so dark in here she couldn't tell until she was multiple bites in...she got very sick.
Management apologized but still gave us the bill...do not eat here unless you want to get pork poisoning!

Do not come here from 2-3pm.
There was one server who was also the bartender.
We were ready to pay and leave for 15 minutes before we could get the bill.
We were ready to order as soon as we sat down, but did not have a chance for quite some time.
When we walked in there is a sign that says "Please Wait To Be Seated" and we waited until patrons told us to just sit anywhere.

