I was so glad to find out that the food is delicious, reasonably priced, and interesting.
The location is terrific for my wife and I, right across from East High (behind Milio's), so that was the only thing that could have kept this place from becoming our new favorite local cafe.
Corona's Cafe in Florence will always be our #1 in the World.
The breakfast sandwiches were ready quickly, tasted great- nice spice and terrific, local ingredients.
Their pastries are really nice too, with a decent variety to choose from.
Check out www.facebook.com/semperpie for daily updates to the menu and space.

Everything I like in a local eatery comes together in this little bakery.
It's a great addition to the neighborhood, with friendly staff and homemade treats and meals.
I had a really good orange scone, yummy coffee, and a yogurt mixed with blueberries and topped with amazing homemade granola.
4 & 20 is awesome for breakfast, so I can't wait to try out their lunch menu!

This is a really great space, it was sunny and warm, with cute decor, without being too cute.
The food is fantastic, one of us had quiche and a wonderful salad, the other had an amazingly large plate of biscuits and gravy.
Amazing food, wonderful place, we couldn't get out the door without bakery to go home with us.
Just a really great place to hang out.
Wonderful weekend brunch.

Fantastic bakery (for the most part, don't eat scones if you like real scones).
Great coffee.
Lunch menu is really nice, haven't had breakfast yet.
Welcome addition to neighborhood.

Great cafe.
I wish more places like this existed in Madison.
I can't wait to try their lunch.

Oh wow.
I am afraid to review this place, on one hand I want them to do well and on the other I want it for myself.
I have had the biscuits and gravy and they were nicely spicy, not too heavy/greasy.
The biscuits are amazing, so often they are leaden pucks at other restaurants but the ones at 4&20 were even better than moms.
I also had one of their home made pop-tarts, and it was the best *expletive deleted* pop tart I have ever had, heck the best tart I have ever had.
Perfect crust, sweet but not too sweet filling and icing.
Amazing.
Wife has had the breakfast biscuit sandwich thing and loves it.
Pastries seemed well priced, some of the other cafes in the area are considerably higher for less quality.
Negatives.. tea was not the best?
It's too close to my house so I might eat there too much?
I really can't come up with anything.
There are only a few tables so if they take off I can imagine it being crowded on a weekend morning.
Here's hoping they do well, they deserve it.

You can tell that everything is homemade, including the bacon.
The sausage and gravy breakfast was really good.
They definitely have their biscuit recipe figured out.
The baked goods were great, as was the smell that hits you in the face when you open the door.
Good coffees, friendly staff.
There are only 20 seats, so once this place takes off, plan on getting there early.

I just moved 2 blocks from this bakery, and I think I'm going to have to knock them a star for forcing me to buy bigger pants in a few weeks after I overindulge on their pastries.
Our first visit to 4&20 was a bit of a letdown.
we were in the middle of moving and ran in to get sandwiches to go.
The food ended up being delicious (one of the better turkey sandwiches I've ever eaten, for sure) but the wait was totally unreasonable.
20+ minutes for 2 sandwiches (that's the real reason for the loss of a star).
Second visit was all pastries, which are well above average, especially for Madison.
The cinnamon roll we had seemed like it may have been day-old, which was a real disappointment, because it looked amazing.
The morning bun, however was awesome, with flakey pastry, tons of caramelized sugar on the outside and a slight citrus note (which could be heightened a bit, for my taste.
) We also tried a blueberry almond scone, which was very good, especially because it was PACKED with blueberries.
Yum.
The space is open and airy.
It feels a little unfinished, but I think once they've been around a while it'll get a more comfortable lived-in feel about it.
I loved that the neighborhood really seems to be embracing the place.
It was full of people each time I went in, with lots of young families taking advantage.
I'd love to see the Milio's next door replaced by something that would really compliment 4&20.

Great addition to the neighborhood.
Good food & coffee.
I wish they had longer hours because I like to eat lunch at 3:30.
Or a mid afternoon tea & pastry.

Love this little bakery.
Pastries are wonderful - we sampled their take on the pop tart and the morning bun (aka cinnamon roll).
Both were yummy and had unexpected flavors.

Without question, 4 and 20 has the best egg sandwich that I have ever eaten.
"How is that possible?
" you may ask.
Well, it is the homemade biscuits.
They are unbelievable.
Buttery and delicious!
You may need to wait a bit to get your food, but it is worth it.
Don't expect great things out of the dining room yet.
It was still under construction last I saw.
But, do take your order to go and sit in the neighboring park.
If you get a chance, the key lime cookie is a treat worthy of praise.
Service is at the counter and is friendly enough.
Parking wasn't a problem.
The price is a bit higher than you would initially expect, but absolutely reasonable for the quality and quantity.

Nice local cafe with breakfast and lunch items from local ingredients.
Great baked goods, and the beverages I've tried have been tasty as well.
Friendly service.

I was there and got two items out of the bakery case.
I don't know how they could improve upon them.
The Moreo was a large oreo-type confection.
The creamy center was excellent -- buttery and creamy at the same time, and a great complement to the cookies on the outside, which were baked perfectly.
Not cakey like a Whoopie Pie, and not crisp like a ginger snap -- just crisp enough with a bit of a chew.
The cookies didn't break apart when you bite into them, and that's important when you're eating on your bike.
Nice chocolatey flavor to the cookie part  Even better was the lemon poppyseed cookie.
A dense cookie, with a great chew and mouthfeel.
And the lemon flavor was perfect.
Even better it was only $1.25!
Holy cats, if I lived nearby I'd be buying this daily.
I'm glad I live 20 minutes away by bike.
This place could be seriously addictive.
One negative:  A fly was buzzing my legs as I waited to order.
Totally worth it for the baked goods though.

Yet another place that has no plan for where you are supposed to eat your food.
My question is this: when I buy my food and there is clearly no seating where should I eat my food?
Outside on the sidewalk?
I don't mind a place not having enough seating, but at least have a plan and make it clear to customers.
Don't sell them food and pretend like there will be a place to sit and eat it.
With people mingling around with laptops, books, etc.
for Sunday brunch like they are studying for their final exams, this place has nowhere near enough seating (maybe 8-10 tables).
There was a family that could have had nowhere to sit with their food if we or someone else had taken the last table.
Is this place Starbucks or does it want to serve a Sunday brunch that people can sit and eat?
Also, please teach your front-line staff how to deal with customers in non-pretentious, non-rude, non-sarcastic manner.
Unless of course you like paying them to be this way.

Dear 4&TWNT,  We started off rocky a week ago with a porchetta sandwich that was a little light on the por and super heavy on the... uh... etta?
More fat, less meat.
There we go.
Tamar loves you guys though, and she's like my Jewish mom.
Mom said go back.
I did.
And I'm happy I did.
The chicken salad sandwich is pretty spectacular.
It's served on toasty sourdough along side some greens with a zippy little dressing that's a lil sweet and a lil sour.
Chicken isn't overly dressed in thick mayo-y mayhem.
It's super light, packs quite a punch, and you should love knowing it's local.
Not typically a dessert eater pie grabbed my eye, and when I asked the gent for a rec (Scott maybe?
) he said blackberry was the way to go.
And so I went there.
He warmed that bad boy up post sandie and then I shoveled it in my mouth the second he dropped it off.
Seriously at one point I remember saying to myself (internally) "take a break... you've been going at this thing, you're in public... breathe...
enjoy.
" But it was too good.
Flaky crust.
Tart berry inside.
Coarse sugar sprinkled atop.
The only thing missing was cloyingly sweet aftertaste and corn syrup which they apparently don't use to bind fruit.
(Big ups for that.
)  And now a plea: Furniture builders of Madison... craft a cool table to run the entire length of the wall and give these guys more seating.
They're growing, and it'll be impossible soon (like tomorrow) for mass peeps to eat and enjoy.
Donate a mean mesa and I bet they'll put your cards out and tell everyone they know about your rad add.
(Hell I'll even write a review solely on the cool community table you build).

Intriguing name.... at first I thought it refers to the magical powers of the brownies, but later discovered it was referring to the nursey rhyme.
The sandwich is tasty.
I would put it as very good, but it was not like the best thing I had tasted.
The selection of pastries is good.
It's a little more sugary than other shops.
The Moreo is definitely worth a try.
The cafe have only few tables and is not conducive to gathering place.
This would probably be the biggest knock against this joint.

First of all, 4&20 should be commended for hiring Mark (I think that's his name, I overheard him introduce himself to another customer!).
He told me it was his first day and he is very sweet and quite cute!
I came in for breakfast and had the blueberry french toast made with lemon bread.
It was fine, nothing special.
Then had some coffee cake.
Quite bland and a little dry.
Have to say I was a bit disappointed.
I really wanted this place to be special, to be great.
But really the only thing that would bring me back are the super sweet buns (and, yes, I do mean Mark's).

I've tried the quiche and biscuits/gravy ... they were awesome.
You can tell that the cooks love their job and it shows in the quality of the food.
The dining area is definitely in need of some audio dampening and a few more things on the walls maybe.
Overall, great place to dine or just have a coffee and snack.

Family breakfast and all were pleased.
So while the menu seems a little limited, we all found something to enjoy.
Some may complain (as my teenager did) that there's not enough food on the plate.
I think this should be the new normal - good, thoughtfully sourced food served really well with just a fruit side.
Because that's all there was my son even ate the orange!
Yeah, healthy, no waste, and not gut busting big.
Staff was great and very kind when our 7 year old spilled her hot chocolate, they cleaned up without complaint and even gave her a new hot chocolate.
No tears.
Seating is limited as others noted but space is warm and friendly.
Outside seating could be great.

We went with friends from out of town.
We stopped and had breakfast.
Coffee, juice, tea, hot chocolate and sandwiches.
Everything was delicious.
The only problem with the place is it's behind East High and doesn't have a lot of parking.

Uhm, how is it I have yet to update my review for 4&20 and give these boys (lady too... hey Mandy) the 5 stars they deserve!
I think the past 3 weekends I've gone in for their breakfast sandwich which without question is on THE BEST BISCUIT I've ever eaten in my life.
(And I'll warn ya folks, I'm always leery when I read reviews that mention things like "the best ever" and "to die for" but this is truly better than best.
I promise you).
Sandwiched between my new favorite carb in Madison is an egg and just for fun I have them add roasted root veggies (squash I believe) and bacon.
It's salty.
It's sweet.
It's the perfect size to start my am.
And this just in, not all cheese is created equal.
Evan came out of the kitchen to ask me why I hold the aged cheddar, I explained my one man fight with lactose (lactose always wins) and he said the longer a cheese is aged the less lactose it has.
So the 5-year that the brekkie biscuit sports should be a-ok on my belly.
I feel like a cheese(stupid)head for not really understanding this concept.
I should have known that, right?
Appreciative nonetheless that he thought to ask.
A bomb breakfast, consistent food, a cornucopia of lactose-free facts...
I'm sold.
When are you guys going to start dinner service?

Fabulous biscuits!
Would definitely make this a regular place to stop for a Saturday/Sunday brunch!

These guys perfected the modest breakfast.
It's light, well crafted, mmm good, reasonable.
I can't say enough about the biscuit for my biscuits and gravy.
Wow, these guys nailed it!
The gravy was certainly good, but lacked the wow factor.
Maybe a little more sausage?
My girlfriend had the breakfast sandwich #2, which had the biscuit, havarti cheese, egg, red bell pepper, spinach.
Came with orange slices.
It was a smaller entree, but done very well.
We thought it could've used some more bell pepper, but that's being picky.

4&20 is a fantastic new cafe.
It's hard not to sound like a complete pretentious foodie hipster when talking about them, so I won't even try.
Pretentious Madison foodies, go here.
Go here now.
They make fantastic cappuccinos (8oz, don't scald the milk, flavorful espresso) and homemade baked goods.
The bakery items are so good you talk about them without remembering to qualify the restaurant as not being a pot-pun to your friends in your recommendation.
4&20 refers to the number of blackbirds baked in a pie in the old nursery rhyme, not a stoner pun despite its location back behind a high school next to the railroad tracks.
And the availability of made-from-scratch Pop Tarts with different daily fillings.
(Come on guys, you're not making this easy.
)  Breakfast is served all day, and lunch sandwiches include porchetta and one with  goat cheese, fig, and arugula.
The latter was as good as it sounded- sweet, creamy, and peppery.
The restaurant uses a large amount of local, organic ingredients, and is rarely crowded.

FANTASTIC.
Super, super good breakfast grub.
I can't do much more for the reviews other than to echo what everyone else has said.
- You will not find a more tasty biscuit anywhere.
Sorry to all of the southern grandmas out there, but these biscuits are otherworldly.
- Get one of the breakfast sandwiches.
You will love them.
- Solid coffe.
- Not much seating available; be prepared to stand and wait for a table.
With a better arrangement of the space, we felt they could add much more seating.
- A little pricey, but for the quality, it's well worth it.
I will be back!

BEST breakfast sandwiches (Bluephies Deli on the Square does a good egg'n'cheese too, but are only open weekdays).
Simple menu, friendly staff, good coffee.
Fast service.
We haven't tried the baked goods yet because the sandwiches are filling.
Highly recommended.

Lunch is awesome!

I moved literally 2 doors away from 4&20 and my only complaint is that it closes too early (2 pm)!
I feel pretty lucky that a place with friendly staff and food that is fresh and simple yet unique!
I came here once before I moved to Madison and it was great then.
Today I had the squash, mozzarella, eggplant and arugula sandwich, a piece  berry pie and a chocolate chip cookie...yes, I am full!
My Dad, who is not a café/sandwich eater type had no idea what anything was on the menu......but he later told me that he had one of the best sandwiches of his life.
Now that's a compliment!

I had a quiche, which was decent, though I wasn't crazy about it.
It came with a salad and pineapple (I love having a complete breakfast like this- protein, greens, fruit).
The salad and pineapple were excellently fresh.
I also had a cappuccino, which was too wet for my preference- it was more like a latte.
But that was fine, because it was also delicious.
I think I should have read reviews before I came, and tried something else.

Yummo!
If you are looking for the best biscuits & gravy in Madison, it's definitely at 4&20 Bakery & Cafe.
Rolled up with the boyfriend on our bikes this morning and placed our breakfast orders at the counter.
They also make a bomber iced coffee, if that's your thing.
Sat at one of the few small tables inside, and our food came out in about 15 min.
My plate was taken up by 2 1/2 giant, fluffy biscuits smothered in gravy with chunks of tasty sausage (very generous portions, I had a hard time finishing all of it even though it was delish).
They also have three housemade hot sauces (Thai Chile-super hot, only for the brave; Death By Chipotle-not very spicy but full of flavor; and Roasted Garlic-slightly spicy and full of delicious garlicky-ness) which go ah-mazing with the biscuits.
The boyfriend had the quiche, which had Italian sausage, kale, and roasted pepper.
I snuck a few bites and have to say, it is also a winner.
In summary: biscuits and gravy, yum.
P.S.
4&20 offers a Bike Benefits discount of 20% off beverages with a food or bakery purchase.

You guys.... YOU GUYS... Youuuuuuu guuuuuuuuuys!
B L T. Go.
Now!
Or as soon as they're open!
This is like the BLT your mom used to make you as a kid but completely different and SO MUCH BETTER!
Madison sourdough, aioli with a kick, bacon, greens, a fried egg, and tomatoes that taste like summer.
There's a small window to enjoy this summer fruit and then this puppy is coming off the menu.
So go!
(And this is coming from the guy that would make love to Breakfast Sandwich #2.
Imagine how hard it is to stray!
So deliciously hard.

I've known Scott since he was at Cafe Soleil and was sad when he departed.
Well, imagine my surprise when my husband suggested we try 4&20... and there was Scott!
We usually go here for brunch on the weekends.
My husband loves the biscuits and gravy with an egg on top; I usually go for the quiche.
We also usually get a couple things out of the bakery case - the pop tarts and morning buns are to die for, as are the lemon ricotta blackberry muffins.
We've never had a bad meal here, period.
It is excellent.

Scott & his team hosted a fabulous bridal shower for my dear friend.
They provided a lemonade bar (with delish, unique flavors), and an incredible menu with soup, salad, and great sandwiches.
And, of course, a homemade cake with a beautiful decoration.
Overall, Scott & his team were accommodating, & generous.
All the girls couldn't stop raving about it!!

Had the #2 egg & cheese sandwich on a biscuit.
It was fresh & the biscuit was light.
I also ordered a double decaf dry cappuccino.
Here is where 4 & 20 loses a star.
The barista admittedly came over to tell me he was having a hard time getting it right and was continuing to try.
Told him not to worry.
When he did deliver it, there was no foam, and way too much milk.
Also, it was not very hot, so it became lukewarm very quickly.
Granted I'm picky about my espresso, but I order it dry because I don't like a lot of milk, but yet what I got was a very "wet" cap.
I didn't send it back because I know the guy really tried, and I had a plane to catch to boot.
The pastries in the glass display looked really good.
I'll try one next time I'm in town.

Mixed feelings.
Have been here about 5 or 6 times since they've opened, and each time it gets a little less great.
I've tried a variety of items and the best is the Breakfast Sandwich #2 (egg & cheddar on biscuit) -- simple and delicious.
Since I don't eat dairy often, it was VERY rich, bordering on butter overload.
The biscuits are the best I've ever had in a restaurant, but not as good as my mom's.
:)  Was not a fan of the quiche, but love that it was served with greens!
For their baked goods, I've only tried one -- the sticky bun/cinnamon roll -- because I was told it was only subtly sweet.
Maybe I misunderstood because it was hurts-your-teeth sweet.
The counter service used to be better.
Now it seems to be hit or miss.
When visiting with my vegan friend, the cashier wasn't helpful AT ALL.
Thankfully, another kind employee (one of the owners?
) overheard us, and she was very accommodating, which we greatly appreciated.
The seating sucks when it's busy, and although I like the minimalist look, it makes for a loud, echo-y dining experience.
Overall this place is better than most in Madison, but could benefit from some changes.

Yummy!
4 & 20 is doing so many things right.
They churn out fantastic baked goods (strawberry rhubarb poptarts, lemon blackberry ricotta muffins what upppppp) and a cute little shop with the kind of atmosphere that keeps you coming back.
Ben and I went for brunch on Sunday around 10 AM and were thrilled to find it wasn't overrun with 5,000 people or hour long waits.
We grabbed a spot by the window and snagged some coffee (GOOD, STRONG coffee).
Housemade granola and the egg and cheese biscuit sandwich made us two happy campers.
The portions are on the smaller side, which is a nice departure from some of the "eat three meals in one to sop up last night's regrets" brunch places.
A charming spot the east side is lucky to have!

Even though this has already been reviewed a ton, I feel like it is still almost a "secret" sort of place.
Everything we ordered was packed with flavor, seemed exceptionally fresh, and made sense together.
As far as individual items - the biscuits were fantastic, the bacon was perfect, and the homemade pop tarts were ridiculous.
As others have mentioned, it is tiny.
That being said, it didn't feel particularly packed or super loud even though it was full.
I imagine that prime breakfast times it may be better to grab a sandwich or pastry to go as it would probably be quite a wait though.
I'm pretty happy to have come across this place and can't wait to go back.
I love it, but I keep forgetting it exists!

4&20 is my neighbour on Madison's East Side, When I found out they close at 2pm I nearly cried, Their delicious pop tarts, biscuits and fresh food, Are guaranteed to put you in a great mood, As I walk by the smells fill me with Purgolder pride!
P.S.
Bacon

I live within a block or three of this place, so let's just say I've been back to visit a few times in the past year or so.
Highlights:  + Service is fantastic - from cashier/baristas/chefs - they are all friendly and helpful + Ordering process is always quick and painless + They take plastic (yay!!!!!
) + Decent selection of newspapers/magazines to browse while you wait + Tables and floors are always clean + Prices are totally fair - around $9-$10 for breakfast with coffee  + Coffee remains excellent + Awesome selection (albeit small) of hot sauces; all are tasty  + My new love: biscuits and gravy with an egg on top.
OMG.
It's gluttonous and huge, but if that's wrong, then I never want to be right.
Three of their infamous biscuits, drowned in the most tasty sawmill/sausage gravy you'll have this side of the Mason-Dixon line, and a perfectly cooked free range egg on top?
I'm going to need a minute.
(returns with hair frazzled and dishsheveled)  + The breakfast sammies are almost as good as the aforementioned biscuits and gravy + The pastries are unreal.
I'm going to need another minute, please.
(limps back to review; eyes aglaze and dopey)  Go.
Just go.
Don't worry if the parking lot looks full - you'll be ok. Go.
Now.
(anyone have a cigarette?
)  (and I don't smoke)

Whenever I am back in Madison, 4&20 is my place to go for breakfast.
They have the BEST biscuits!
I go with the Egg Sandwich #2 with cheddar and bacon - of course it's on a biscuit and has the perfect ratio of egg, to cheese, to bacon, to biscuit goodness.
My bf always gets their biscuits and gravy - whenever I can sneak a bite, they are also a solid and more hearty choice.
Start with a treat - pop tart, muffin, scone, Moreo - to go with your coffee.
The people who work here, including the owners, are also just some of the nicest people, they're what makes Madison and its food places so special.
Caveat:  It is tiny...so don't go with more than a group of 4.
And it's more of a restaurant than a coffee shop, so while their coffee is fantastic, not a place for lounging unless you want to get a stare down from a hungry person waiting to sit.

OK, I normally don't post a review after trying just one item from the menu, but I'm making the rare exception here because the morning buns at 4&20 Bakery are SO FREAKING INCREDIBLE!!!
We're talking heaven on a plate, the lovechild of croissant and cinnamon bun.
You got your textural contrast between the crunch of the caramelized sugar on the exterior against the tender, flakey layers of the interior.
The sweetness of sugar and cinnamon is balanced out with a lingering note of citrus zestiness.
This morsel of heaven is loaded with buttery richness of a great croissant with absolutely no greasiness.
And if you listen real close, you can hear a choir of angels singing when you bite into this decadent treat.
I can't wait to explore the rest of the menu.

My favorite place for breakfast by far.
No cheap ingredients, no inflated prices either.
Their baked goods set the standard.
Their muffins have the perfect moisture to crumb balance.
The poptarts are fantastic.
They cook a perfect egg and get all the other simple things right.
Despite all the reviews, I didn't go crazy for their biscuits although they are well made like everything else this fine establishment serves!
If only they were open later, I would go every weekend.
My mouth is watering just thinking about their scones.
Their level of skill in the kitchen really shows and their excellent, local, fresh ingredients sing.
I APPRECIATE YOU 4&20!!!

Everything they make is perfect.
Just go and eat anything they have.
Try their baked goods.
Ty their breakfast sandwiches.
Try their Cuban sandwich.
Try it all.
It will blow your mind.
A nice little place with a friendly staff and excellent food.
And it's affordable, too.

The relaxed atmosphere masks relentless attention to detail in the food.
Ingredients, seasoning, and preparation all shine through in each meal.
So many coffee shops, brunch houses, and breakfast diners either pile on the starchy fillers or the sweet-and-fatty goo.
In contrast, 4&20 offers modest portions of real food that leave you sincerely satisfied and contented.
If you want couches, comfort food, and gentrified hippies, maybe Lazy Jane's is the place.
If you want great food in a smaller venue and a more up-and-coming vibe, 4&20 has a lot to offer.

Had a delicious and beautifully decorated mocha and the breakfast sandwich #2 (egg, cheddar, biscuit) with squash.
Great, quality ingredients.
The WiFi is super fast here.
Only downside is it's not super large and it's very open so no private, little nooks to hunker down in.

This place is great.
The name, the owner, the food, the coffee, the cleanliness, the vibe, etc.
I had the special cold brew, quiche and the breakfast sandwich.
All perfect!

I love your New Orleans Style cold brew coffee.
You are so good.
So good that I'm going to buy a gallon of it from them.
:)   Their sandwiches are a good size if you're a dainty eater.
But if your stomach is a bottomless pit like mine, you're going to have to order two sandwiches to fill you up.
Breakfast sandwich #1 with bacon...
Delicious!
Roasted squash with mozzarella... Yum.
Mix their sandwiches with Evan's hot sauce and you've discovered gold.
Their hazelnut latte (they make their own hazelnut syrup!!!
) is delicious.
Their scones are EXCELLENT.
They have found the perfect balance of how much butter to put in their scones.
It's soft and dense without it being overly dry like most scones tend to be.
Sadly they are only open until 230, so make sure to check them out before you go to work or during your lunch break.

Try everything- this round we tried the Mango Key Limeade and Latte, along with the biscuits and gravy and breakfast sandwich #1.
I can tell you that you want to order a 1/2 order of the biscuits and gravy (yep...you can make it a special request) or at least share.
I can tell you that the havarti and the roasted pepper on the breafast sandwich was a very nice touch along with some spinach.
Very fresh and just the right size.
Fabulous!
Chef Evan came out to talk with us and give us our food as well.
We were able to meet is lovely and talented wife, Mandy who is a fantastic baker and just as awesome.
Now that we've tried a slice of breakfast, I need to go back and try some lunch!

I copied this from my Yelp Elite event review, because I'm suspecting not enough of you are reading my review on 4&20!!!!
Have you not been here yet?
4&20 is the my new favorite bakery/breakfast spot in town.
Yes I have been here previously, but I have been lazy because this place was already POPULAR and busy 2 years ago.
yes.
they deserve to be busy.
What do you need most on a Sunday afternoon?
Sweet pastries, lemonade and savory biscuit sandwich in a back to the childhood cutesy cafe.
Evan is the most friendly chef I've met in a while.
He had no qualms sharing the recipe for the house made vinaigrette with the hungry yelpers who hovered while he wrote the details down (yes, I was one of them).
Btw, if you need more reason to visit, Evan was Tory Miller's sous chef in L'etoile before he started his own cafe!!
T and Zev kept refilling us with deilcious lemonade and coffee while we gobbled down the treats.
And Evan made sure we took home ALL the remaining pastries, because he and his wife were so generous to bake enough for each of us to have 2 of each type.
Decorations were very cozy and kids friendly.
Very happy and dream land like.
Guys, if you wanna please a lady, bring her here!
Food was amazing.
you have to get the following:  Lemon Ricotta Muffins - ohhhh the sugar crusted top was nice and hard, inside was moist.
Sweet but the cherry inside made it well-balanced.
SO GOOD.
Nutella Pop tarts - house made nutella.
what else do you want?
the crust was so good.
kinda like an empanada?
thicker but good crust.
not the flaky kind.
Strawberry orange scone - nice and moist on the inside.
not too sweet.
Strawberry pineapple lemonade - love it, no weird artificial aftertaste.
Biscuit sandwich - Evan, please put this on the menu!!
Just use another type of cured meat because copa was kinda hard to chew apart :) Thank you!!
Salad - oh the vinegrette is AMAZING.
Evan has had ample experience catering for university groups and working within the university budget, so if you're looking for a special treat for your event, call up 4&20!!
Also another reason to visit is that Evan and his wife have finally gotten permission to open up their patio!
So summer hours will be longer in the evening and you can visit and hang out after work ;)  This has been the highlight of my weekend.
The lovely food, service and wonderful people has shone light and brightened up this gloomy day.
I'll be back very soon with my brunch buddies.
Can't wait for more amazing pastries!!

Breakfast biscuit sandwiches are to die for!
Biscuits are decadent and always fresh.
Asparagus cooked perfectly.
When you get it, it doesn't look like it'll fill you up, but it does.
Only negative is the atmosphere.
Very boring.

Have been here twice and left both times feeling grateful to have been so lucky to have sampled their scrumptious wares.
Sandwiches?
Superb.
Cold pressed coffee?
Awesome.
New favorite: ICED chai tea latte.
It has to be house made because I've never tasted one like it.
I love this new poptart craze that's sweeping the nation, and 4&20's blackberry concoction will leave you very satisfied.
One of these days I will get to the biscuits and gravy that everyone (including the people inside when I last visited) is raving about!
The best part?
The staff is so freaking friendly!

Everything I've ever eaten here has been delicious, every friend I've brought (about 6 at this point) has said the same of their food, and their service is superb.
I've had their chicken posole, not a big soup/stew fan, but theirs was well flavored and had a good amount of meat, not watery and weak.
I've had their strawberry french toast with strawberry jelly and a lemon sauce that seriously tempted me to lick the plate.
Thankfully, one of the chefs saw me struggling and offered to simply add more in my to-go container.
I'm not a big egg fan, but their breakfast sandwhiches #1 & #2 (which feature an egg) are killer.
Love the biscuits they're on!
My brother got the Cuban Sandwhich and still talks about it a year after the fact.
Any of their baked goods (muffins, pop tarts, cookies, etc.
) are awesome, too.

This place is all sorts of awesome.
It's a real simple equation.
When you combine great food, great staff, and a fresh, madison-chic atmosphere, you get a place as tops as this.

