Everyone I know has had a terrible experience with these people.
We have a Great Dane, and left it with them when we left town for a funeral.
We left this "resort" with our dogs food -anyone with a Dane can tell you they have sensitive stomachs- and instructions on how to feed it.
They didn't feed our dog one BITE of our food, and instead fed him VERY little of their "low fat" food.
The owner/manager was extremely childish about the entire situation, and not only took back his apology -absurd, right?- but refused to refund us one dime of our money.
Needless too say we are NEVER going back to this place and we are not the only people who have had terrible experiences with them.

My border collie Bonnie goes here 1 to 2 times a week for day camp and agility.
The staff couldn't be more wonderful and the facility it top notch!
They keep it super clean and my dog literally begs to go.
Josh & Aaron are super sweet and the owner Janet makes every experience so personalized and welcoming.
Shannon is also the best trainer I have ever met.
She personally works with my Bonnie to make her the best dog she can be.
I love this place and would recommend it to anyone.

We LOVE A-Round of A-Paws.
And, more importantly, Gunnar (our weimeraner) loves it even more.
He gets so excited to go there and see his "girlfriends" and "buddys" that he actually jumped out the window in the parking lot to go in.
He has never done that before.
Additionally, this is the CLEANEST animal facility we have ever seen (they offer scheduled tours), so you can see for yourself.
They are all highly trained, skilled animal handlers.
We know that Gunnar is loved and well taken care of when he is there (which is often).
And best of all, he comes home all exhausted from all of his play time - whether it is in the group or the Agility time.
He needs a lot of exercise and play, and he definitely gets it here.
We HIGHLY recommend this top notch, highly skilled facility and have sent several other families there as well that feel the same way.

They seem nice and the facility is clean.
However they require extra shots/tests and try to funnel you to the vet next door (don't know if they are associated).
However, in a clinch I would bring my doggies back.

This place is great!
I take my terrier mix here quite often for daycare/group play and have left him for a couple weekends as well.
Professional service, very clean facility, great staff, good hours of operation (can drop off at 7am, pick up at 9pm), reasonable prices.
They also have an additional agility option with ball play and treadmill, which is great for high energy dogs.
I have used grooming services several times and although a little pricey, they do a great job.
The only downside is lack of outdoor area.

I have been taking my English Bulldog here since he was a puppy.
I like the facility - Its clean, large, indoor, and secure.
I also like the fact that they let me into the back & the staff is incredible.
The rates and hours are really reasonable!

Abysmal.
They abused my dog and the dog of friends of ours.
So, my dog is a LARGE dog.
About 75 pounds and when I picked him up he had lost 5 pounds in a weekend, according to the vet.
We left him with food they promised to give him and NONE of it was missing.
Containers filled to the brim.
When they asked how much to feed him I said that ALL of this wouldn't be enough.
Now, according to them they fed him 3 cups of their diet food per day.
Yes, they use diet food.
Now, here's the kicker, the owner of the place REFUSED to even admit guilt or give me my money back.
As for my friend, they put their dog into a play area (you can watch ONLINE as they mistreat and ignore your dogs!
) with the large dogs when they were told the dog has anxiety issues and shouldn't play with any dogs, they PAID for individual play time.
Now.
Yes, the place seems nice and clean and fancy, but the dogs are completely isolated.
Every time we got our dog from there he could not WAIT to leave and seemed shaken for a day or two/overly clingy.
Now we take him to a new place and he's in love with everyone there and the kenels they keep them in are chain so the dogs can see eachother/outside (they can run in and out at this place AND they're cheaper!
) and they have a field they can play in and my dog comes back looking like he went to the spa.
Here?
My dog lose 5 pounds in 3 days.
They either fed him nothing or WAY too little of the wrong food.
And the owner was a complete UN-professional child over the entire experience and was extremely offensive to my wife.
I would NEVER take your dog here.
The vet next door (they work with him) has pretty sketchy business practices too, it's seven hills pet hospital and they have their fair share of bad reviews.

Woof !
Woof!
I give this 5 rounds of a paws!!
So my little bichon maltese mix is a little puppy and i work so damn much.. Everytime i come home my place would be a mess and chewed up items like my $500 gucci eyeglasses, and my $200 Oakley sandals would be chewed up and i would have all my books all over my room chewed up as if she was doing this on purpose.
Enough was enough when i came home one day and my cork board along with my marker board was on the ground and there was writings all over my floor ,  she tried to write on my carpets with the marker.. smart dog eah...
I always drove by this place in seven hills drive , and i thought to myself hmmm i wonder if i should take my hyper girl over there.
My assistant was going through the same thing with her dog and she told me to take her to the doggy day care.
So I toured the place and was pretty impressed on the services they offered.
They had an array of services to pamper your dog, boarding, or just your typical doggy day care..
I chose the day camp for my dog, This gave her the opportunity to mingle with other dogs and release all her energy while I was at work..  After work i  picked her up and she is exhausted.
By the time we reach home all she wanted to do is lay down and rest.
THIS WAS AWESOME!
she didnt need that much attention from me and all her energy was drained from the day camp.
If you are working all the time and you love yoru dog like a child this is the place to take them.
The staff is friendly, the prices are reasonable as well.
For a doggy day camp it was only $25,.
Try now and let your bestfriend mingle and socialize with other dogs they will love you!
and it beats them just sitting around the house all alone..

Horrible customer service.
Really rude.
They blanently expect a tip just for bringing you your dogs out of day care!
The Groupon was a scam.
The bath I got on groupon didnt cover anything and by time I paid extra to get a real bath with nail trim, ear cleaning ect,  it cost me more than taking them somewhere else.
PLUS they didnt even brush or dry the dogs.
AND my dog got a rash all over her back.
The vet said it was from unsanitary shampoo or brushes.
She was in so much pain I couldnt even touch her without her yelping and had to be on meds for weeks which cost me a fortune in vet bills!!!!
Horrible horrible place!!!
DO NOT GO HERE!!

I have been taking my dog to A Round of A Paws since the day it opened.
She has been boarded several times and goes to play camp once a week.
This is without a doubt the best facility I have ever taken my dog to.
It is clean and bright, the staff is very kind and knowledgeable and my dog has the best time!
I have recommended them to many of my friends and everyone has been very pleased with the services.
I highly recommend A Round of A Paws!

I have been taking my dog to A-Round of A-Paws since it opened.
The staff there is great.
I would not change my dogs' daycare location for any reasons!
I feel that my dog is truely part of their family.
Janet is so caring and concerned for not only my dog but for me also.

We are so thrilled to have A Round of A Paws as our resort getaway for our dog.
When you love your pet, you want to make sure they are well cared for in your absence.
At A Round of A Paws that doesn't just mean that your loved pet is being fed, watered and in a safe location, it means that they are going to get exercise, interaction and best of all LOVE!
They truly love what they do and it gives us the peace of mind to go out of town and know our pet is in good hands!

LOVE A Round Of A Paws, our dogs Deuce and Ginger sweet brindle pits always get treated like VIP and Love going to camp!
The Staff is all fabulous and really care about your pets which is great to know while your away on a trip, you can trust them!
:) WE GIVE THEM 5 PAWS

This isn't our normal boarding spot for our pups, and after this experience it certainly isn't going to become it either!!
We used it in the first place because of an awesome groupon special, but the customer service is pathetic!
An issue came up with the groupon while we were trying to pick up the dogs, and the clerk said she needed to have the manager handle it.
Except the manager doesn't start work for another 3 hours.
So what, we are just supposed to wait around, or drive back across town 3 hours later?
We paid the full price and decided to dispute the charges later, but I have called back 3 times since and I am always told the person we need to speak to isn't working??
Does he never work??
We will go back to Doggie District next time.
Our pups always come home happy from there and the service is 5 Star!

This place is the best!
I took my dog here when she was around six months old and she's been going here ever since.
She loves the staff and is always excited to come and board with them.
Although their prices have increased a little bit, they are the best when it comes to pampering and taking care of your dog.
They have a lot of choices to choose from whether it's day camp or boarding for the weekend.
During the holidays though, I would suggest to call ahead of time since that's their busiest time of the year.
The staff is helpful in terms of creating an energetic atmosphere for you and your dog.
The one thing that I love about this place is the fact that they have a web cam service where if you want to check up on your dog, all you have to do is call and ask them to put your dog in their play floor and you can watch your dog run around and interact with one of the staff members.
I would recommend anyone to give this place a try!

Great animal lovers who work here.
Never felt so good about leaving my pup in a place like this.
This is my second time using their service.
My baby loves coming here and jumps all over the staff.
My baby is alway healthy happy and in good spirits when I get him.
Safety first!
They require up to date shots and only allow well cared for healthy pets.
Thank you for this!
I don't want my baby pug getting ill.

I have been looking and trying other groomers for my dog for months and every time I picked my dog up, it seemed like he was either scared or just didn't like that groomer.
When I took him here, I was expecting that same scared reaction when I picked him up...
But no!
He was waggling his tail and seemed very happy!
That was two years ago.
I have been going here ever since and every time I take my dog here,the staff is ALWAYS nice.
The groomer is also great.
I can't ask for a better place for my dog.

I took my baby here for the first time to get groomed.
They did amazing job on his shave, everything including nails were perfect.
I would recommend this place, definitely!

The best gets better!
We recently had a slight complication when we boarded our shih tzu  to go on a 7-day cruise.
Janet, Aaron and Alexia stepped up and resolved all of our issues with professionalism and made us very happy - this kind and level of service only exists at a 5 Diamond establishment.
Now we can go on vacation with confidence knowing that we have a safe, clean & friendly environment with loving and caring staff like A-Round of A-Paws to take good care of our canine.
They've got a happy customer for life!

We were searching for a place to board our chocolate lab, Shelby,  for a couple hours while we met with family in the area.
Luckily,we found A-Round of A-Paws through Yelp.
We wouldn't leave Shelby just anywhere, but based on all the positive reviews, we thought we'd take a chance.
We brought copies of her shots from our local vet.
Unfortunately, we didn't realize that Shelby was due for de-worming.
It was no problem, however, because there is a pet hospital right next door and the staff from ARoAP took care of everything.
We requested a tour of the facility, which is very clean and organized.
There's a serenity room, which would be nice for our pup-pup.
It's in a nice room which is separated from the main area and it is very quiet.
A few months ago, we left Shelby in a kennel for a week and upon returning, she was skittish and she slept for days... We could only come to assume it was from all the barking and sleepless nights.
So, next time, if she were to stay overnight, the serenity room would be perfect.
The staff is extremely knowledgeable, friendly and helpful.
They do have cameras around the facility and they offer an online feed If you want to check in while you're away.
That would've been great for us, unfortunately the live feed was not compatible with our iPhone's so we were unable to watch the live feed.
We arrived a couple hours later and were greeted by our very happy pup.
She completed the agility course, which is a few dollars extra and they gave us a brief verbal report card of her stay.
We even purchased a Tuffy toy which was extremely well priced as compared to other stores.
We've been searching high and low for a #10 Tuffy toy and we found it!
We will definitely be dropping off the pooch next time we are in Vegas .
We found a place where we know she will be in good hands!

Although they seem to care about dogs, and appear to take good care of them, this place is quite disorganized.
If you have patience regarding errors with billing, record keeping, and things that you specify and they did not remember to do, this place is just okay.

Love love love this place!
I found a groupon for this place about a year and a half ago and decided to try it out for my pitmix.
I've been going back ever since.
My baby boy seems to love it.
I've done both boarding and day care here.
I was able to take a tour of the place before I boarded my dog.
It's on the smaller side compared to some other places but it's a decent size.
Each dog gets their own space and there's a bigger area for play time.
They also have an agility track upstairs.
They take every dog out of the kennel a couple times a day to stretch their legs.
They also have a quiet room for the anxious dogs.
They open pretty early so it's very convenient for me when I have to leave by 0730 to make it to class.
For boarding I love how there's someone there 24/7 and I can call anytime to check on him.
They also have the cameras so I can go online and see when they take him out.
All the employees that I've met have been very friendly.
One weekend I had to bring my dog in for boarding because an emergency came up so I didn't have a scheduled boarding.
Apparently they were very busy that day and initially said they might not be able to take him.
The employee then looked again to see if she could move a couple dogs around so she can accommodate mine.
In the end he was able to stay.
It's situations like that that make me give this place 5 stars.
Prices are really good, customer service is excellent, and overall experience has been awesome.
Highly recommended!

My pet (a dog) was injured while in A-Round of A-Paws care.
Another dog bit my dog while she was being transferred to the pee/poop area.
To their credit, they took her to the vet across the parking lot and she was immediately treated.
She required stitches.
They paid for the vet fee and comped the boarding stay, but the damage was done.
We will not return.

******* Beware of the Deworming Procedure Required for Boarding*********   We have an adult feline of 14 years that has been around the world, with more certificates than shall be allowed.
This includes Australia, where they do not have the rabies disease.
After several stays at this location, we arrived to leave our cat in a frantic attempt to leave town.
The gentleman at the reception encountered us with a "deworming procedure for our cat".
Miffed at this , I refused.
He accepted the cat none the less.
Another 6 months gone by, with several more stays, we just tried to book the cat minutes before departing to Los Angeles on a medical emergency.
The gentleman that we had grown to know and really like, tried the same procedure on us.
"I'm sorry, I see that your cat needs the "deworming procedure".
Frantic I replied, I need to leave town now!
The reply was, "No worries, we can have our vet provide the procedure for you while you are gone".
They seem to pull this every time we are desperate to leave our pet.
After calling our feline vet of 30 years yet again about this procedure, we have been informed that this seems to be a questionable procedure that the facility and the vet are performing.
Our cat is an indoor cat.
WebMD: Most veterinarians recommend that adult cats be dewormed only when there is specific evidence of an infestation.
A microscopic stool examination is the most effective way of making an exact diagnosis and choosing the best deworming agent.
It is not advisable to deworm a cat who is suffering from some unexplained illness that is assumed to be caused by worms.
All dewormers are poison-meant to poison the worm, but not the cat.
Cats who are debilitated by another disease may be too weak to resist the toxic effects of the deworming agent.
http://pets.webmd.com/cats/deworming-cat   I think your cats will be much better off if you do not deworm them.
I am in rescue and have never heard of deworming regularly, especially not twice a year and not even once a year.
At the shelter where I work, we deworm kitties who are brought in new, and we do not deworm them again unless they are exposed to another cat that is known to have worms.
http://www.vcahospitals.com/main/pet-health-information/article/animal-health/roundworm-infection-in-cats/336   The CDC does not display any recommendations for annual feline deworming.
In conclusion, if the facility requires this procedure, so be it.
We recommend checking with your personal vet, then get a second opinion.

So I bought a Living Social deal for A Round of A-Paws, they had good reviews and we like to socialize our pooch.
It was for 3 days of day care, so I called to make sure I didn't need an appointment for the evaluation.
I spoke with a nice man and he explained their process and gave me hours that I can come in without an appointment.
(Cool!
I thought).
When I finally decided to use it, I went in during the hours the employee had advised.
The owner was at the front desk and she seemed put off I didn't have an appointment, I explained to her what I was told, she appeared surprised and confused but allowed me to fill out the paperwork and have my pup evaluated for daycare.
I only left him there a few hours the first day, plus I wasn't sure how to look at the web cams.
I thought like with most doggie daycare places the evaluation day was free, well, it wasn't free, it was included in the three days.
I took him for his other two days of daycare, I didn't need to make a reservation for him.
I watched him on their webcam, and it made me sad.
He was in a large caged area with other dogs his size, another caged area was next to this with smaller dogs, then they were surrounded my more cages/kennels.
The staff I saw did not interact with the dogs much, the dogs would watch the workers hoping for attention, but they never got any when I was watching.
When I picked my pooch up after his third day he put his front legs on the counter and barked at the male employee behind the desk.
He's never done anything like this before and hasn't done it since.
I could tell my dog didn't like it there, he didn't look excited when we picked him up or dropped him off like he does at his regular daycare.
I wouldn't take him back here unless there was some reason I had to (like all of the other dog daycares closed), and I really doubt that'll happen.

My dog had a great time here.
I have recently started traveling a lot for work and was looking for reasonable but great accommodations for my dog.
I have toured several kennels in my search but decided on a round of apaws.
I added the play time for this last stay and will probably do the agility track next time.
I ended up having to stay an extra day on my last trip and they happily kept her the extra day.
I picked her up happy healthy and well groomed.

I have taken my puppy Dallas here for the past 6 months.
They are just up the street from where I live so its a short walk or a quick drive away.
All the staff are very friendly and they love my puppy!
They are always so happy to see him!
Ive used many of their services including grooming, puppy playtime, and boarding.
As hard as it is for me to leave my puppy int he hands of others I know that here is he well taken care of so that eases my anxiety about leaving him for the day or overnight if need be.
Best part about this place is before they even allow your dog in they have to be FULLY vaccinated and up to date on all shots!
They even call your vet to make sure they are.
I love that about them!
Thanks A Round of A Paws!

The best place for doggie daycare or boarding and grooming.
Our golden, Hazel, loves coming here and loves all the people that work here.
It's in a great location, always clean, and everyone here is friendly and helpful.
We usually do day camp with agility.
So Hazel gets group play with other dogs and gets one-on-one play with a human.
We get Hazel her baths here sometimes and the groomers are so helpful and accommodating and she is always so clean and soft after a bath.
A round of a paws is great for anyone that's just daycare or boarding.
All dogs need to be current on shots and everything which I appreciate to help protect Hazel and keep her healthy.

We used to take our pitbull here and we quickly learned that  1.
) they required dogs to be dewormed every 6 mos vs other pet boarding place (how conveniently that they are willing to take dogs over to the pet hospital in that same square if needed?
) 2.
) they do not allow pitbulls to play with other dogs during social hour  Basically, this spot may be decently priced and good for probably all kinds of dogs but a pitbull.
The staff is nice and friendly.
However, we will never return since they discriminate against pitbulls.
There is no such thing as bad dogs, but there are bad owners.
Our pitbull is a sweetheart.

My review is for their grooming side.
I have yet to board my dogs at their facility... but I plan to if my normal "Dog Sitter" cannot doggy sit my babies.
Jacki Bielicki did an amazing job on my Maltese/ Dachshund.
My dog had so many knots that she looked like a hobo dog.
But Jacki cleaned her right up the way we wanted ... "Keep her tail & ear hair ... shave the knots out... and give her a teddy bear face".
She looks like a Chinese Crest now... but the knots are GONE!
NO MORE HOBO DOG!
I was also planning on taking my dogs to get their teeth cleaned... but most vet places charge a kidney for it!
The cost is normally anywhere from $150 - $300 ($150 being that you find it on a special or Groupon).
Normally... it would require putting the dog under anesthesia (which is risky in itself).
But Jacki is actually trained to scale dogs' teeth  WITHOUT the need of anesthesia.
A-Round of A-paws charges $55 for teeth scaling.
You may not get the same FULL dental deep gum pocket cleaning if that is what your dog needs.
But if you have just some decent tarter build up...
CALL JACKI!
So all I can say is simply AMAZING!
Also, the staff is just fabulous.
Shannon (Owner) is very kind and flexible if you need to make special accommodations.
They keep the receiving area very clean and smelling good.
I cannot say how much I dislike the smell of "kennel" at most places.
And surprisingly... since this facility is for boarding and grooming...
I dont recall having that "kennel" smell.
Thank you guys again!
And I will be bringing in dog #2 for some teeth scaling and pampering!

I am from Glendale Ca.
and was in Henderson for Thanksgiving I originally have reservation in a hospital boarding.
Unfortunately we were late and they were close by the time we get there.
So took me 30 mins.
Finding another place.
Of course I used YELP and found Around a Paw.
Thank you to the staff who took my Dog last minute they were about to close in half an hour.
Staff were friendly felt secure.
It is the first time my dog stayed in a boarding place.
So I was glad we were late and did not go to the original place we were booked.
It was meant to be..... For sure will use this boarding place again.....
THANK YOU!!!!
You were all awesome......

My review is for their grooming side.
I've used their doggy daycare once for one day, and loved it as well.
I have yet to use their overnight boarding, but wouldn't hesitate to use them if needed.
Their groomer, Jackie, has been grooming my terrier/poodle mix for 2yrs now, and I don't trust anyone else.
They always allow us to drop our dog off at an early time, and just call us when he is ready.
Although he is ready, they allow us to pick him up at our convenience, which is very helpful with our busy schedules.
Our dog always comes home looking so handsome.
If Jackie ever has to shave him more than usual she always calls and asks our permission.
All staff members that I have met have always been very nice and helpful.
I've referred many other people to them, and they have all been very happy.

I had my dog groomed here and was very pleased with their service.
They were friendly, very reasonably priced and my little Murphy looked great and seemed happy :)

Awesome.
We had never boarded our 2 boys before.
They had an awesome time.
Lol, they weren't even in a hurry to leave when we came to pick them up.
Our lab got lots of exercise and playtime.
All indoors,very clean, and I love that!!
Wonderful, friendly, accommodating staff.
Wouldn't even consider boarding them anywhere else.

Save your dogs the torture and go somewhere else!
I'm greatly disappointed in this place.
My 2 dogs sat in a cage for over 5 hours before I finally called to see why they weren't ready for pick up.
They told me they would be ready within 20 minutes.
I got there thirty minutes later to find my dogs soaking wet.
Clearly they weren't touched until I called.
They must have been in quite a hurry because they cut my baby's nail way too short and she was bleeding everywhere!!!
I called and left a message to discuss my disappointment with the business and no one had the courtesy to return my call.
It's clear it's all about the quantity there not quality.
Maybe they should book less appointments during the day and focus more attention on each pup they're trusted to take care of!

Here are the pros and cons:  Pros: -Easy to make an appointment -strict about vaccination records and efficient in getting them from your vet (for safety reasons) -my dog came back all soft and fluffy, un-traumatized -staff is very friendly -staff allowed us to tour the facility when we asked to -facilities are clean -my dog was kept in a suite, which is a large kennel with some toys, water, and a bed -variety of suites, some with televisions so your dog can watch its favorite movies!
-Cost for my maltese mix was $45 which includes nail grinding, ear cleaning, anal glands, etc.
-A very safe environment for dogs -dogs seemed calm and happy in their suites -kitchen area had organized dog meals as instructed by their owners  Cons: -my dog's haircut was a bit choppy looking -From check-in to check out for just grooming, it was 4 hours -dog playtime is in a small fenced in area with little human interaction or stimulation  Overall: I prefer using Paul from their affiliated mobile grooming service, Pampered Pets on Wheels (see my review), even though it is more costly.
As far as safety goes, I don't see any issues.
I probably wouldn't use their boarding facilities because my dog needs more human interaction than what may be given...but that would be the only reason I have.
I think the staff and the owners are very responsible and friendly.
They are very careful and concerned about the dogs they care for.
They are very strict about their rules and their reasons come from prior experience that they do not want to happen again (i.e.
a groomer being attacked by an unvaccinated dog that did not have the rabies vaccine when the owner lied and said they did).
On top of this, their groomers actually have gone to grooming school, whereas many groomers nowadays have not.
Give them a call and tour their facilities to see if this place is a good fit for your dog!

Great people, clean and organized place.
Check in and check out went very smooth unlike some other reviews.
We are from Southern California and the new customer setup over the  phone went very well.
I appreciate their vaccination policy.
They took great care of my baby Zack.
They seemed genuinely concerned for his welfare.
For his first time at a boarding, all went well.
We will return.

The staff here makes all the difference!
Clean and well maintained accomodations and staffed 24/7.
They are also open pretty late in the evening which is very conveniant.
Highly recommended!

Very nice staff and seemed very patient w/my wheaten terrier.
I called a lot of different places for my dog to be groomed (on a Sunday) majority of them were closed, if not all of them.
Except for this place and they were able to see her right away.
I'm very pleased and satisfied, the female groomer had a lot if matting to get out due to rain the last couple of days.
It was hard for her, but she got most if it out.
She didn't want to continue putting bailey through it anymore.
I appreciate a groomer to understand how long a dog can sit and be dematted, not fun at all.
In the end Bailey looks,smells, and seems to he very happy!!

I left a review in 2012 and am pleased to say that my opinion has only improved!
My doggie has the best time at camp and has been boarded several times.
She is always so well taken care of and the grooming services are superb.
My sister now takes her dogs there for boarding.
I highly recommend A Round of A Paws!

Wonderful and friendly staff, very clean, and convenient location.
Jo was our groomer today and she did a superb job.
I brought Zeus in for a deshedding treatment since he is shedding his winter coat and getting a coat more suitable for summer.
The deshedding treatment would have cost me twice as much at his previous groomer but here the price was reasonable.
Jo listened to my concerns about Zeus' ears.
She took her time and patience with Zeus.
I was not in any hurry so his whole process took about 5 hours to deshed the majority of Zeus.
I was able to drop him off and then go do errands and things around the house and with all that done it was finally time to pick up Zeus.
Jo did a very good job with getting Zeus to cut his nails.
So bye bye long nails!!!
We will most definitely be coming back to see Jo.
I think Zeus has found his new groomer :-)

I previously said that my dog's haircut was choppy.
After a week, I soon realized that my puppy's fur is growing out curlier than normal!
And she looks perfect...even one month later!
I would definitely be back to have Jackie cut my dog's fur if I was spending the day in Henderson!

My husband and I moved to Henderson from Texas, 7 months ago and needed a doggy day care for our very social and energetic, Golden Doodle, Holden.
We loved our former doggy day care in Texas and had great expectations when we found A-Round of A-Paws.
Holden has been going there for 7 months and loves it.
He actually waits by the door to go Monday-Friday and pouts on weekends when we don't take him!
They have not only met our expectations, but have exceeded them.
I love  that A-Round of A-Paws is family owned and operated, just like our former day care in Texas and the staff is warm, friendly, and generous.
We have used them for vacation boarding as well as grooming.
This is the only place I've taken Holden where they know how to groom him to look like a Golden Doodle and not a Poodle!
I would recommend this facility without reservation!

I board both my goldendoodle and little terrier mix here whenever I go out of town.
I love this place!
The staff is amazing.
It's always hard for me to leave my babies, and the staff lets me go inside with them, set up their suite with their blankets and toys, and the staff makes sure that I am comfortable with everything.
I will keep coming back.
Highly recommended!



Do not use the mobile grooming services!
The groomer was a no call/ no show.
After three hours of waiting, I called the company and left a message.
They did not have the decency to even call me back.
I will be taking my business elsewhere.

