I've always loved Little Caesar's $5 Hot-N-Ready pizzas.
They're so convenient for parties and potlucks.
I came here last night to get a couple pizzas for my nephew's birthday.
When we parked outside I noticed there were a lot of customers waiting, but when we went in we were helped out immediately and we got their last two pepperoni pizzas ($10.81).
Don was very hungry though, so he wanted to add on some bread sticks.
He asked how much bread sticks were and instead of responding to that exact question, the cashier said, "For just a dollar more you can get some cheese bread.
It just came out of the oven, so it's nice and fresh.
" Because of the way he worded it and answered the question, I thought he meant a dollar more than our current total.
However, he handed us the cheese bread and rung us up for a little over $15.
I'll admit, I should've known cheese bread wouldn't be a buck, but I couldn't help feeling a little tricked.
The pizzas and cheese bread were fresh and tasty though, so I think this place is A-OK.

It's a convenient and cheap place to satisfy your pizza craving.
Nowhere near gourmet but you get what you pay for.

I went to the store and ordered 2 pizzas and cheese sticks.
The store was busy and the order was a wait of 20 minutes.
When they called me for my order, I checked my pizzas to see if they were correct.
Opening 1 of the pizzas, the upper half of the pizza was smushed to the middle.
I told the cashier and she replied "Well, its going to be smushed in your stomach" without even apologizing for the mishap.
I left unhappy because it would be another 20 minute wait for the order to be done yet again.
I called the manager and told her what her happen.
She said she would "comp" the same order for me to return next time.
When I returned, she only gave me 1 free pizza.
Irate I was, she also given me a fake name of "Kayla" I was told no one works there.

I've been here multiple times and the customer service is consistently horrible!
The people on the phone taking special orders are rude and I've showed up on several occasions after being told my pizza would be ready in 10 minutes to have to wait around another 10 cause they didn't start making it.
Incompetent is a pretty good adjective for the people who work here.

I have been to a few Little Caesars locations over the years and this particular one is the worst.
I have been here twice and they are so cheap on the ingredients.
THEY SKIMP on the cheese and toppings compared to other locations.
If you have to go to Little Caesars..avoid this location and drive a little further!!
Whoever owns this particular franchise location is a cheap piece of s***

If I was rating just the food I would give 2 stars.
If I was rating just the employees maybe 1.5 stars.
So why the 3 star review?
You really can't beat the value if you are trying to feed a bunch of hungry kids or men folk.
I find their pizza to be pretty bad, personally, but the kids and the husband like it.
Anytime the kids have friends over, I head to Little Caesars and the kids are ecstatic.
Something about the flavorless pizza makes them all very happy, and when I am only out $10 for 2 pizzas that can feed 4-5 kids and one adult, well them my wallet is happy too.
One thing I do like is the crazy bread.
It is now overpriced at $2.50, but again, when you can feed a group for less than $20 (2 pizzas and 2 crazy breads), I'll take it.
When this location first opened, they were really on top of things, but back then the place was being run by adults, or at least mostly adults.
Now they have replaced 3 competent adults with a gaggle of worthless teens.
Seriously, they sometimes have a dozen teens running this place, and the line is out the door, they have major attitude, and are completely inappropriate in front of customers.
A couple of them seem nice and responsible, but they don't/can't control the others and I am left feeling like "I sure hope my pizza wasn't spit on" and "my 10 year old could run this better"  However, and again I go back to the price, for what you are paying, you can only expect so much, so for what Little Caesars is, they usually get my money a couple times a month.

Got pizza today (3-18) at 5 pm and it was SO FREAKING GROSS.
Pepperoni and crazy bread tasted as if it had been sitting out all day.
The store was full of people waiting, which I HOPED meant I would get fresh pizza, but no such luck.
Kids barely finished one piece each and I am hoping they won't be barfing later it was so disgusting.
What the crap is happening over there guys???
COME ON!
I think it will be a long time before I get pizza there again :-(

As I waited for my pizzas I watched the guys making it.
Really old guy was eatting while he beat the dough.
Young kids making jokes and smacking each other.
No one really cared about what they were doing.
I waited 15 min for the pizza.
As in moat cases you pay for what you get.
Cleanliness and pride in your job don't exactly fit in a $5 pizza joint.
As I leave the old guy is eatting pizza with one hand and beatting the dough with the other.
Wiping hos mouth with the back of his hand.
I think I will pay more.& hope for better somewhere else

Order just a cheese pizza and crazy bread.
Waited 20 minutes and they asked what we ordered, they just pulled out the pizza and bread like it has been there for 15 minutes!
Didn't even apologize about the wait.

Waiting line was a little bit longer than usual... Not enough manpower??
What??
A 15 to 20 minutes wait????
Lol..

WOW!
I should have read these reviews before walking in to this Little Caesars.
Appearantly the people running this store don't give a crap about the nasty customer service at this location.
They lost a customer for sure.
Never again

I was a bit wary coming into this location since I read about the long wait times but still took the chance.
No problems here though.
I was in and out within a minute.
Pizza was hot and fresh.
Plus the young gentleman was very polite and friendly.
Hopefully I keep on having good experiences so I don't have to post anything negative.

