The Trans-Siberian Orchestra rolled into Glendale for their winter tour 2011 and I haven't seen that much hair flipping since the mid 1980's.
Most of us are familiar with their rock renditions of Christmas songs, but I didn't know anything about the band.
For one, they actually sing!
There's singing, dancing, music, lights, lasers, pyrotechnics, moving stage equipment, etc.
My husband and I had to laugh a little about the 80's factor though.
Everyone seems to have long hair both men and women, which they repeatedly whip back and forth while shredding on a white inverted V guitar, or a purple sparkled violin.
There were also a lot of rock fists in the air and side to side choreographed swaying "for emphasis".
Kind of like if Poison or Skid Row did a Christmas show....but we loved it.
The music is amazing and moving, and the show was "narrated" by a gentleman who sort of told a story of Christmas in between the musical performances.
The lasers and lights and pyrotechnics were, of course, the highlights and I found myself with oooohhs and aaaahhs.
Purely awesome.

my wife got us 2 tickets for this show that toured past Glendale last night.
The most i've ever known about TSO is the christmas song they play at ZooLights to the dancing light trees.
But apparently the band actually plays other music and has vocals!
i guess you learn something everyday.
i was a little suprised and pleased at first...the show, replete with every member donning long, flowing locks of hair, reminded me of my days as a concert go-er at Poison, Motley Crue, etc.
Screaming guitar solos, gigantic drum sets, tight leather pants, crunching melodics, all that shit that made you love 80's rock.
plus, it is a light show, pyrotechnic show, moving stage show, laser show EXTRAVAGANZA!
i was ooohhh-ing and ahhhhh-ing throughout the show.
and they really, really, really put on a good show....even an electric violin player!
an incredible Prog Rock Christmas metal show....of course not for everyone, and if the little lady hadn't gotten the tickets, i never would've considered TSO as a concert.
but i liked them alot.

Loved it!
Really felt like one gets their money's worth.
The second half was so cool when they went crazy with the lights and pyro.

Holy '80's Metal throwback-long hair mandatory!
First of all, THANK YOU to TSO for donating money to a charity, that is what Christmas is really about.
But now the juice.Every year, as a family, we try to catch a Christmas Show, Radio City, Nutcracker,etc...you get the picture.
We went to see what I thought, was a Christmas show but buyer beware.
The first half was really a narration of an unimaginative Christmas story with music interspersed at key moments.
The lighting and special effects were entertaining but it's really just "showmanship" and kind of corny.
I noticed many people left when it was over.
I didn't realize the TSO would be playing their non-Christmas music and that's what the second half involves.
Yawn!
Instead of enjoying the show I found my self running through the laundry list of things I needed to get done before Christmas.
In my younger years I would have enjoyed the metal mania, a la David Lee Roth, but having my Gen Y'er teens with me propelled us for the door.
Sorry but unless you like the hair thrashing and manic running around the stage and over dramatic dancing, seek your Christmas spirit elsewhere.
BTW.
Although my husband enjoyed the dancers, he questioned if they were the Devil's Cheerleaders moonlighting?

