I love this place.
FRESH HOMEMADE Horchata!!
Nothing powder and fake like other places.
The carne asada tacos are delicious.
The caldo is a wonderful treat that taste just like your mother made it.
I recently had the menudo and I will rate  it a 3 star.
Needs a bit more sal and just a punch of a little more hotter red chile.
Although, I would buy it again.
All in all, this place leaves Filibertos or any "Betos" places like Filibertos, macayos, garcias, south of the border, etc......in the DUST!!!
The place is clean and  there is an outdoor sitting area as well.
The staff is friendly and the music gives the place a nice touch.

Best Mexican food I ever had.
Very authenthic.
Highly recommend.

The tacos with pastor are awesome.
They seasoning on all of their meat is tasty especially with some horchata to wash it down.
Customer service is great, family owned.
Everything is reasonably priced.
Love to go here as a late night snack.
Much better option compared to Jack in the Box or McDonald's.

Wow nachos - best nachos anywhere.

Good food good price  good location oh and good friendly workers

Came in on saturday night looking for late night snack after DODGERS game food was good had the carnitas plate w beans and rice horchata was awesome too good service !
Have lots of stuff on menu ..

The taco al pastor is the best i've had.
They only serve it on weekends and its made to order.
The al pastor meat is slowly spining on a spit and the cook cut the meat as the order comes in.
The carne asada burrito is grilled on charcoal and not cooked on a flat top so it has that chared smoky flavor unlike most carne asada around where its cooked on a flat top.
This maybe the best mexican restaurant in my opinion.
This is my go to mexican restaurant.
F*** filiberto!

Tried this place tonight on a whim.
Food was excellent.
Cashier wasn't very customer friendly or patient.
May return, but hopefully cashier will be friendlier.

I ate here with my mom because we were hungry and looking for something on mc85.
I got a quesadilla with shredded beef and it was the biggest quesadilla I've ever seen.
There was more meat than cheese and it was big enough that a fork and knife were required.
I was really hungry when we got there and was feeling full after I finished the first slice.
I also had a churro and it was the best.

