Wide disparity in quality and appearance throughout the complex and its facilities.
Many of the maintenance requests I made at time of move-in have not been completed and management seems evasive about fixing the garage door I am renting, which is so smashed in that there are big gaping holes between the folding panels.
The carpeting was so old and worn that even though it had been cleaned, within 30 days it looked like it was very dirty and way past when it should have been replaced.
All the appliances are VERY low efficiency cheap poor quality, which appears to be because since tenants pay for their own utilities, why pay more for efficiency.
Although the management team has treated me very well with much courtesy and assistance when asked (which is why 3 stars instead of 1), the facility's maintenance crew is woefully unresponsive and seems to be holding the complex's infrastructure together with bailing wire and duct tape.

The front desk was very pleasant and nice to me when I moved in however I have been living here nearly 8 months now and wish I never agreed to staying this long.
The new renovations look wonderful at first glance but after some time things just started falling apart and it is now apparent to me that the job is merely an illusion because this place is being held together with duct tape - when in reality many things need replacing (carpet/cabinets/etc..) The vent in my bathroom is worthless and that area of my home stays wet and humid for hours after taking a shower.
The maintenance team takes a very long time to respond and rarely do a sufficient enough job when they do show up.
I have called countless times for the drawers in my kitchen and recently I have just left the drawers off because when someone does fix it, it just falls off weeks later.
Maintenance also does not keep up with their simplest of duties for example at least twice a week I have to track someone down to unlock the gym.
Also the front desk makes a lot of promises they don't keep for instance I was told the chairs by the pool were going to be replaced and the lock system would be updated.. it has been 8 months and there has been no change.
I actually saw a chair inside the pool yesterday.
TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE.

Entrata Di Paradiso as a name for this apartment complex is a humorously ironic stretch of imagination, at best... At worst, false advertising!
"Entrata Di Inferno" would be much more accurate.
The management team here seems to be "tenant selective" and highly inconsistent in their responsiveness to resident made maintenance and repair requests.
I moved into my apartment here in July 2013 and as of April 2014 several repair orders that were approved at time of move-in have not been competed, despite multiple follow up inquiries.
A fairly major entry door frame and lock repair order approved in January has not yet been competed almost 4 months later... (I posted a photo) Yet several other repairs were made almost immediately after I requested them!
The Carpeting in my apartment was stained and dramatically over-worn out at time of move-in and looks disgusting and filthy despite multiple steam cleans.
The AC is highly inefficient, consumes massive amounts of electricity and cools at marginal levels.
Both BR Toilets are the lowest quality, crudely made, prone to leaks and loudest flushing fixtures I have ever seen, very third world!
The first time I used the broiler in the oven, the insulation around the perimeter of the oven door caught on fire...
I used baking soda to extinguish the fire and when maintenance repaired the oven they refused to clean out the oven or clean up any of the smoke damage caused by the fire.
Worst of all, the property managers of this apartment complex seem far more concerned with gossip, community drama, harassment by written warning notices taped to front doors, and passing judgement on various tenants throughout the compound, than they are on providing service to tenants or the upkeep, care and maintenance of the real estate assets that secure the development company's investment in land and facilities...
The only reason I am rating this apartment complex two stars is because I have seen far worse at other properties...
I just can't remember where?!?!
Maybe it was Newark or Camden, NJ.

