We went here a few weeks ago.
There was a sale on socks and gloves or something, which was in the front, near the cash register.
We browsed the ladies section- on the left side of the store; mens is on the right side of the store.
Shoes are on the back right side of the store.
The dressing rooms are on the right side in the middle.
I remembered seeing fleece for women at $19.99.
I saw many nice bright colors.
We went back again, last night.
I only saw one color that I liked- grasshopper (bright green).
The jackets were the type you wear when you're skiing- puffy bubble jackets (I don't like snow, so we're safe here; and I probably have enough jackets now, anyway).
This is an expensive brand, retail, so going here would save you $$$.
The racks are jam-packed with clothing, and the store is clean.
I noticed that both times we were here, there were a couple employees on the floor.

Great values on high quality clothing for sports oriented activities.
I really like their prices and selection.

The value seems... average.
Sure, the prices are lower than, say, REI.
However, many items are irregulars, and there isn't much stock unless you're a midget or absolutely obese.
Most items, especially the best ones, aren't in an average person's size.
This location could definitely have more stock.
I think that most people would shop here because they recognize that Columbia typically offers good products, and so they want to buy good, branded items.
However, not all of Columbia's offerings are worthwhile purchases (ESPECIALLY IRREGULARS), and some of the savings aren't very significant.
It might be worth a visit if you're already in the immediate area or shopping at the outlet mall for other things, but I generally wouldn't waste a trip here.
You're better off paying full price or trying to find the item on Amazon.

I fell in love with a poof ball peruvian winter hat on the left aisle upon entrance.
With a current 30% discount going on, $19 for a high quality product is tempting but being a local, it's always wiser to play the waiting game and strike when sales go up 60-70% (Hint: Tommy Hilfiger).
I bit my lip and against my heart's desires, placed it back on the shelf and went about exploring the shop.
With a hiking trip with friends to Mt.
Charleston at bay, we are starting our snow jacket hunt early.
Typically, winter jackets range between $80-$200 at this time of year.
With the influx of tourists, I have a feeling sale prices won't go down as much as after Christmas.
Let's wait it out and see.
In the mean time, I will probably stick with Big 5.
On the bright side, products here are relatively cheaper than REI and regular Columbia retail stores around town.
Perhaps the styles are not in season and honestly, with outdoor gear, I would not quite understand the significance of getting a newer style when its main purpose is to keep a person warm and safe.
Sift through the aisles and I'm sure you'll find just what you need.
Locals, observe their sale patterns before jumping into a purchase.
That is, unless you really need your gear in the here and now.
It always pays to be patient.

This is undoubtedly the best time of the year to go shopping.
Diving through the dense, post christmas shopper crowd, I grabbed hold of an omni-heat jacket, originally priced at $200, and now only $54 after it's already sale price was further reduced!
Did I not hit a jackpot?
You can't really go wrong with the quality this place offers.
The jacket I got is a water proof, insulated windbreaker with a detachable hood.
Pockets and buttons where they are most needed.
I can imagine it braving harsh climate and conquering various terrains.
With this brand, you can see to it that your investment is worthwhile.
Beanies and gloves sport some attractive price tags as well so get your share of heat resistors while stocks last and sales are at their peak.

If I were to come back to this outlet then this store would definitely be on my must visit list.
It's neat and not cluttered.
Great friendly staff.
Not too crowded.
Got items on sale with my size.

