This store  is about 25% on getting my order right.
I called the phone number to complain, they gave ma a free meal and YES, they screwed it up too.
How do mess up when it is very important to get it right.
Every once and awhile I need a Big Mac but sometimes its not worth the trouble if they can't get it right.

This used to be so clean.
Now it's dirty the bathrooms smell and the emergency alarm in the childs play area has been off three times when I've been there with my grand kids or going back.
And yes most times they get the order wrong.
Too bad.
It has such a nice play area.
Haven't noticed the manager in the vest around as often as he used to and can sure tell the difference.

This place can't get an order right.
They gave me another free meal for screwing thing up and then screwed that meal up again.
Big Mac meal.... no pickle, no center bun.
How hard is that?

For a McDonalds the crew is friendly, but of late their service seems to be pretty slow, even if the drive-thru isn't packed you'll be waiting.
Maybe it is McD's new commitment to coffee house menus that is slowing down the workers?

This McDonalds is the best in the area and the only one that actually has friendly and fast service!

Check your orders if you go there.
All kids and they yell threw the drive though window as your trying to pay!!!
Would never be back Can not even get a coffee order right!!

Do not go to this McDonald's, take the time and go down a mile to the one by Home Depot.
Every time I have been here that have screwed up my order.
Which still blows my mind how that can do that because it's all laid down step by step how to make some thing.
The worst was when I ordered a filet-o-fish meal from their drive thru and got home.
I opened it and all I had was the bun, cheese, and tarter sauce  it had not fish what is ever in it.
Like how do you for get that.
It's the main part.
Been here three times and each time there was always one thing wrong with my order and some times I don't have the time to go back so they can fix it.
So I just go to the  McDonald's down the road even if this one is closer to where I'm at.
Oh the staff there is very rude and ghetto.
If you go inside and watch how they treat customers with issues it's kind of funny in a sad way.

I only Mcd's for their breakfast sammichs, apple pie or sundaes.
Other than that, this place is nassssstay!
Don't forget to ask for military discount!

