My grandfather and I came into the restaurant after reading an article in the AZ Republic.
Upon entering, it didn't even appear that there was any room for us to sit down.
We chose a table that still had coffee mugs on them and were never cleared the entire time at the restaurant.
No advertising on what their soups were and the bakery cases were practically empty.
Wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt figuring that maybe they were just swamped and unable to handle the extra work.
The chili tasted like the sauce was made using only chili sauce from a bottle.
The meatball sandwiches were cold -- not sure if they were intended to be that way.
The chicken soup was probably the only good thing.
But, what irked me the most is that THERE WERE NO NAPKINS AVAILABLE!!
Even after repeatedly asking, there were still no napkins!!!
Unacceptable.
I was looking forward to eating baked goods and they didn't even have any.
We sat and counted the number of people who left without ordering... over 20 people in a 40 minute span.
That's gotta tell you something right there.
Also, there was no decaf coffee available and it took a long time to get our food.
Subway's meatball sandwiches are better.

I was hoping this place would be better.
I ate breakfast there with my family and it was not the best.
With such a small breakfast menu, one would think it would be served rather quickly even if its made to order.
Take biscuits and gravy for example.
That is a fast dish to prepare, but it still took all too long to make it to the table.
The Sunshine on a cloud, was anything but.
It was dry and the yolk was overcooked and far from over easy.
The muffins were great and very fresh, we would definitely return for those, but we will wait a while before trying breakfast meals again.

Like others we read the review in the AZ Republic so my husband and I went there Sunday morning for breakfast.
Very disappointed to say the least.
There are only 4 items on the menu for breakfast.
My husband ordered the biscuits and gravy, no taste and no pepper or hot sauce to be found.
I had the only other real breakfast option biscuit and sausage.
Very small biscuit, at least the sausage was tasty.
The cinnamon roll was the size of a cupcake so we passed on that for the price.
My husband ordered coffee, not told cups were on the table, finally realized it and he had one cup of coffee.
Went back for a refill but the pot was empty.
Very limited seating inside and very limited menu.
Sorry to say we won't be going back.

WHAT A JOKE!!
I would give this a NEGATIVE 4 STARS if Yelp would allow it!!!
I should send the AZ Republic a bill for my time and gas driving all the way out here to this "new" breakfast place in Mesa.
This place was described as a "slice of heaven" in East Mesa... should have been "slice of mommy & daddy buy spoiled child a business"!!
I am so disgusted I don't know where to start!!
First of all, the AZ Republic reviewer, John Stanley should be ashamed of himself for the false advertising and misleading advertising of this review...  what a disservice this review has proven to be as well as ruining this reviewers reputation!
The only conclusion I can come to is this was a PAID REVIEW as there is almost NOTHING in the review that was accurate.
Secondly, breakfast is only served until 10:30am even though their VAST menu is only 4 items, consisting of:  Sunshine on a Cloud (takes 15 minutes of preparation), Biscuit & Gravy, Sausage or BOLOGNA Biscuit, Fruit & Granola Yogurt Parfait.
The Az Republic reviewer glowingly described the Sunshine on a Cloud so we ordered it... took 40 minutes to get even though we came @ 10:15am when there was only one other couple there.
Could never get a clear answer as to why it took so long to cook but it was HORRIBLE just the same.
The muffin was stale and dry and the yolk so overcooked it was like a hard boiled egg.
When we pointed this out to the waitress, she apologized but stated because breakfast was no longer being served I couldn't get it made over.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME??
When this waitress realized I was getting upset, she pathetically offered to allow me to offer something off the lunch menu if I wanted as a replacement.
Third ~ the EXPANSIVE 6 item lunch menu consisted of:  Chicken, Egg, or Ham Salad, Meatball, Grilled Cheese or PB&J with the offering of a side salad or soup.
Personally I don't eat pre-made "salad" sandwiches ~ unhealthy and all made with mayonnaise.
I've never liked meatball, and the "kid friendly" grilled cheese and PB&J...
I would never buy at a restaurant ($3.99) when I can make these at home for 20cents!!
I passed on the lunch offering and was still charged for the breakfast!!
Fourth, according to the reviewer the bakery goods is what attracts the near/far travels of customers... well ... they were out of the cake.
No pies today.
The 2 lonely bars in the case looked like they were days old.
The mini-cookies looked decent (the size of your thumb) but the price of $2.99 per dozen stopped me cold.
No bread today, but I could special order the waitress stated.
and the muffins... well I had one on my breakfast and it was stale and dry, so no to that as well.
THAT'S IT!!
That is the entire menu...   Fifth... the hours for serving breakfast are ridiculous!!
You are only open until 2:30pm daily and you only serve breakfast until 10:30am??
Your breakfast menu is only 4 items and your lunch menu is only 6 items and 5 of the 6 items are all scooped out of a container onto bread....
I know, overwhelming preparation!!
DO NOT waste your time on this place and along with the other NEGATIVE REVIEWS posted on this site, I don't give this place another 2-3 months before the East Valley is rid of another "overpriced, horrible food, & daddy's girl needs a hobby" restaurant!

So I, like others, read the review in the AZ Republic and decided to give Holly's a shot.....I live within walking distance, so I was thrilled to hear of a new, non-chain eatery so close by.
I showed up on a Saturday morning at 8:30 AM with my 8 year old daughter.
The seating area of the restaurant looks more like a sparsely configured coffee house, with a couch and some very, very small tables scattered about randomly.
All of the tables were occupied, save one in the back.
A lady that appeared to be working there walked by (she was wearing an apron) so I asked if that table was available.
She said "I don't know" and scrambled around me to set someone's coffee down.
Meanwhile, a family walked in the door behind me, pushed past my daughter and I, and sat at the table that I've been talking about.
I went up to the counter to ask how I could find myself at a table sometime in the near future, but couldn't get anyone's attention for several minutes.
If there's one thing I can't stand, it's a lack of customer service combined with chaos.
It literally makes my blood boil.
After being in the restaurant for about 10 minutes without any interaction from an employee, I walked out the door, walked home, loaded my daughter in the car and drove to JP Pancake down the street.
Maybe I'll try Holly's again someday.....in the meantime, if anyone from Holly's reads this, please consider hiring a high school student to host/hostess / manage the front, etc.
I'm giving two stars, as I'm sure it's hard to start a restaurant, and I never actually tried the food.
Also, I'm not sure this is a good place to take kids, given the small tables, overall small space, etc.

My husband an I were on our way to the Sear's outlet store and saw a sign for bakery.
I'm a sucker for home made baked goods.
I see other reviewers came as a result of an article in the AZPUB.
I guess we were lucky we didn't see the article and end up disappointed.
We ordered baked goods to go.
A slice of strawberry pie, very delicious and a chocolate toffee cookie candy.
Sinful.
The service was odd I will admit.
The counter is a real bottleneck with folks trying to pay, look at the pastry cases and sit.
The change is underneath the counter which is awkward for the server.
The people were really nice.
We were waited on by the owners son.
This used to be a coffee shop and not a lot has changed on the interior.
I will go back but the special mentioned sunshine loud didn't look like something I would like.
I get so sick of seeing shops that sell bakery items repackaged from Costco that I forgive a lot when the food is made on site.

I had been curious about this place since it is near my neighborhood.
The odd thing was they had these drapes covering the windows so the buisness never really looked open!
I had a friend who recently tried the place and advised me to stay away.
They went for breakfast and were dumbfounded by the lack of breakfast items and baked goods.
I was originally excited since it was advertised as a bakery but it's a shame if there offerings continue to be limited.
Rather just stick to the coffee house at Agritopia.

Read the review in AZCentral and mentioned to my husband we needed to try the cinnamon rolls.
Never looked at the reviews on Yelp, and I'm glad I didn't.
Probably wouldn't have gone.
The cinnamon rolls were just what I expected....fresh and delicious.
Although not as big as some other local cinnamon rolls, I like Holly's the best.
Tried the peanut butter choc ball which tasted like a Reese's peanut butter cup on steroids.
Absolutely delicious.
We didn't try the food, and not sure if we ever will.
Go there for a sweet treat and you won't be disappointed.

This place takes me back to cafe/bakeries before Starbucks drove them all out of business.
This is a restraunt where you can have a cup of coffee (real coffee,) a simple breakfast and/or a bakery item in a friendly atmosphere.
This is the type of restraunt were the owner knows your name and where the customer's interact with each other and are not too busy to say 'Hi.
' The menu is simple but effective.
I recommend their breakfast burrito, their biscuits and gravy and any of their bakery items.
They have other breakfast items and also a sandwich menu but I have not tried those.
Again, don't expect Starbucks but, in my eyes, that is a good thing.
Tables sit 4 but if it isn't crowded you can move them together.
probably only about 20 seats in the restraunt (it's small.
)  Most menu items are under $5.
The sandwiches can be more.
Of course, as a bakery, you can also purchase baked goods.
The high quality and low prices make this restaurant a "Best Buy.

Horrible!
Ordered biscuits and gravy.
They were out!
Got cin roll that was hard!
Breakfast Burrito was bland.
Will not be coming back.
Menu is lacking!

Looking through the reviews on here- don't expect a full blown restaurant from something advertised as a cafe.
I love the sausage biscuits here, they are amazing, 10x better than anything from Mcdonalds.
Their cookies are good too.
Give them a try, I think many of these reviews are older.

A 3 star is not a bad thing.
Its because I only try Holly's bakery twice.
The first time I went I got myself a caramel ice coffee.
Not a fan.
I also bought some mini cookies, those were delicious.
I order a fruit granola parfait but didn't get a chance to try it.
I was busy at work I end up giving to my coworker.
The second time I try Holly was a few days ago.
This time I only order a sausage egg cheese biscuit breakfast sandwich.
I would recommend it if your looking for a fresh morning breakfast.
it beats eating McDonalds.
I just love the aroma coming from the bakery.
it was what drawn me to the shop in the first place.
I like that the price are reasonable and affordable.
ill upgrade my star once I try a few more things.

Hollys is worth going to, this is a bakery first and foremost, as such that is what I recommend.
Their peanut butter cookies are devine and I don't like deserts.
This is a nice easy little place...if you are expecting a full menu like good egg..then go there.
But if you want good people, simple, straightforward environment with fantastic bakery items...then holly's is your  place.

The only complaint I will ever have about Holly's is that Google Maps' GPS will try to send you to a house in the neighborhood behind Holly's for some reason.
But, that's a complaint against technology, not this quaint little restaurant.
I have been there twice and loved it both times.
If you want quiet and a bit more solitude, then make sure to go on a weekday.
The weekends are crowded.
So much, that the regular customers were happy to share their tables with other customers.
Holly's is small, homey, and very friendly.
It's like visiting your aunt who likes to cook a lot and lets you get your own beverages.
The self serve coffee and water are a great way to make sure your cup stays full.
Unlike your local Starbucks, it's plain old coffee with sugar and creamer.
Unlike your local Starbucks, you can have more than one cup and not get charged for each cup.
It's quaint, friendly, and delicious.
I will be back soon and, hopefully, will get around to ordering a customized cake.

AA year ago I would have given this place 4 stars.
No more.
I have been here almost weekly for the last several months.
At first the quantity of the food started to go downhill; now quality is following and that includes customer service.
If I order a BACON, guacamole sandwich, I expect more than 1.5 slices if bacon and fresh guacamole.
I asked what happens to the other 1/2 slice of bacon and was actually told it gets saved for the next sandwich!!!
The final frustration was burned hash browns.
Not not crispy, burned.
And they served them to me.
The bread is more crust Than actual bread.
Also I want a printed receipt I don't want a receipt that is emailed to me.
I want a printed receipt that I can stick in my tax/expense file if necessary.
I don't want to have to remember to go digging in my email for the receipt.
I will say if you're looking for a place just to have a bakery good this may be it but go elsewhere for breakfast.
Holly actually makes you feel like she's so glad that you came into the restaurant but she speaks so loudly that you don't really want to engage her in any more conversation then you have to.

Came in today for breakfast (and dessert).
The bacon, egg, and guacamole sandwich was particularly amazing- some of the best restaurant bacon I've ever had!
We also had the biscuits & gravy (comfort food at its best), and the pull-apart cinnamon roll.
Everything was great, with a friendly staff and clean establishment.
We also grabbed some other things to go.
Her cookies are great and very reasonably priced, and the mini cakes were wonderful.
I'm not always a huge chocolate person, but even I loved her pretzel-covered truffles.
We will definitely be making a return trip.

I love this place.
It's cheap and tasty and the sweets are to die for!

The LEMON BARS are seriously the best thing since....ever.
A must try!!!

Their Kahlua cake is phenomenal!
When I saw they were offering a groupon I was excited to purchase.
Its a small hole in the wall place, but comfy.
Great service!
Excited to go in and try their breakfast and lunch.

This place is awesome if you like home style cooking.
The breakfast plate was the best I have had in years.
I would recommend this place to everyone with a mouth.

My sister bought a groupon and we tried this place out this morning.
It was really delicious!
We got a couple of breakfast plates that has eggs, toast, bacon and hash browns.
It was all yummy!
Even my picky kids helped polish off the plates.
We also had a breakfast burrito and a couple of pull-apart cinnamon roll-muffins.
Wow are those muffins tasty!
I'm glad we got the groupon or I probably wouldn't have tried it.
It's just kind of hidden amongst other retail stores.
The service was really friendly and we had a great breakfast :-) We'll definitely return!

Came here with my fiance on a Groupon and ended up coming back almost every day after for a few weeks.
their breakfast plate although the basics is absolutely perfect!!
fresh homemade toast, homemade fresh hash browns and tons and tons of desserts to try and take home.
All the employees over a week became what felt like family.
If you go there and do not like it, there's seriously something wrong with you and you need Jesus.
I'm just sayin ;-)

Calling this place a cafe is a stretch..there are about 4 things on the breakfast menu with really no substitutions or healthy options..we heard the word "no" a lot.
My boyfriend found a hair in his food.
But we didn't bother saying anything because she wasn't thrilled to serve us in the first place.
Well at least she gave him silverware.

I have driven by here a few times and on a recent occasion I was looking for a quick and easy place to stop and get a bite and do a little bit of leasing paperwork.
Holly's has a nice comfortable, homey feel to it.
I think I met Holly herself when I ordered and she was absolutely sweet and helped me pick out something to order...but listen anytime the phrase "breakfast burritos served all day here" I am sold.
My burrito was super flavorful and packed with green chiles.
Definitely will be back for more deliciousness from Holly's, because some of those baked goods looked like manna from heaven!

Thought I would give this place a shot since I live close by and like to support local businesses.
What a mistake.
The young man who took our order was nice enough, but the customer service after that was a joke.
7.50 for a sandwich with only one option for chips..ehhhh OK, but I got the grilled cheese...how can you mess that up?
I've been making them since I was 8.
Well they did.
The bread wasn't even covering the full sandwich and then the grumpy gentleman who made basically tossed it at me on a paperplate.
If I didn't have my family with me I probably would have given him a piece of my mind.
Don't waste your time.
Go to Cassoanova Bros right in the same parking lot.
At least they know how to treat their customers.
Almost 40.00 for us to eat and you're going to present and toss your food like that.
I'll pass.

We have been back to Holly's several times for breakfast.
Food is fresh, delicious and well prepared.
The coffee is good (self serve) and the atmosphere is friendly.
Really look forward to our next breakfast there.

Great little place for breakfast.
Everything was really tasty and holly and her husband were very welcoming.
Will be back!

