How has this place not been reviewed yet?
Whenever I go to a froyo joint, I always go straight to the tart flavors.
However, I could not pass up the Rice Pudding and Nutella flavors!
Both had subtle flavoring, but tasted exactly how they should.
I also got Raspberry, Mango, and Plain tart flavors, but for once, I actually preferred the non-tart flavors.
Since I was in such a rush to get my froyo and just sit down to use the wifi, I didn't really pay attention to the price per ounce.
My cup came out to a little under 4 bucks though, which wasn't that bad considering it IS in Town Square.
I did notice they were lacking a lot of toppings.
The only fruit toppings they had were cherries and pineapples, but i can't really complain about that because I don't really get toppings.
Overall, this is a great place to just sit down, relax, eat some froyo, and use the free wifi.
I'm a fan!

Confusing concept.
But once we got our pomegranate ice cream I was in eternal bliss.

3.5 stars Had a buy 1, get 1 free coupon.
We enjoyed them, but a couple of flavors were being changed out (the employee was draining them in a big bucket, then accidentally kicked it over & made a mess) For my cup of 2 flavors (really liked the strawberry) with nuts & strawberry toppings and my friends waffle cone with plain & 1 topping (I think) came to $4.25.
Hopefully next time, there will be more flavor choices.

My original thought was to give this place two stars.
However, a couple things made me decide to round it up.
First off, I was craving some crepes.
Which is always a scary thing when I'm not at home, because no one makes them like my mom does.
But I had to get my fix and I was at Town Square, so I stopped in here.
The crepes were OKAY.
And just that.
I ordered the nutella, banana, and strawberry crepe.
I don't know if the batter wasn't quite right or if hot fruit was just a turn off, but something was a little off.
I never really put fruit in my crepes.
Usually I just put nutella in it, or brown sugar.
But the reason I gave this place three stars is because the service was very friendly.
The guy explained what they have to us and gave us some free whipped cream =) Usually they charge a dollar more for whipped cream.
There are definitely better places to get crepes at..But i'm sure their frozen yogurt is good!

I remember loving their Nutella froyo.
A frozen Nutella treat that has less calories than most desserts out there - oh yes!
So, after watching a movie, I wanted to come here for the Nutella froyo.
They were giving free samples of rice pudding that tastes like horchata and another flavor I can't remember since I only had one thing in mind.
To my disappointment, there was no Nutella froyo that I could dispense into a cup.
However, one of the staff members said he can make me a batch!
OMG, way too awesome!
Since I was with other people, I didn't want to waste their time waiting for something only I would enjoy.
So, we opted for a Nutella shake.
It was yummy.
But I'll be back for my Nutella froyo!

I've come here a few times before/after hitting the movie theater....This was the first time for a while though!
I remembered a Nutella frozen flavor a while back, so we all quickly decided that it would be a good snack to hold us over until dinner!
The Nutella flavor is no longer on tap, but they don't mind making it in the back for you.
We decided on the milkshake setup instead of the weighed cups...pretty good!
Wish it had a bit more Nutella flavor in it, since it was a little more milky/watered down taste, but I think most of that has to deal with their ice cream itself...since it is more "healthy" for you compared to other places around town.
Good place to grab a snack and not feel completely guilty about it hours later!

This place its sadly under advertised.
They have great smoothies, and probably the best crepes I have ever had.
The customer service is awesome too!
Very friendly and helpful.

