Chipotle is one of those places that you know what you're going to get and are familiar with the product.
I don't get the hype around this place.
It's mediocre Mexican food at best, and mediocre service.
I rarely see a sense of urgency with the employees.
It's definitely a corporate fast food chain.

It was OK..not as good as other chipotles  It might've been because they were thirty minutes til close but I'd still like fresh steak in my tacos not dried steak that's been sitting there

nice addition to the neighborhood.
not five stars because kitchen floors were a bit dirty.

Wow I never thought I could write a bad review about Chipotle... but here goes.
So Chipotle food is Chipotle food.... all the same, never tastes different, you cant screw it up, and they didn't.
My food was as yummy as any other time I ate it.
The service on the other hand was apawling.
(and its not that this is the first time, the second at least at this location)  So I walk into this Chipotle after kicking my own ass at the gym, thinking its 2pm shouldn't be busy, but wrong I was, there was a line of about 16-18 people, I think meh cant take that long, plus I was starving and wasn't going to leave without my burrito bowl.
I quickly realize this line ain't goin anywhere fast.
I look around and see what the employees are doing to expedite this process, nothing!
The poor guys trying to make the food as quickly as possible, just weren't cutting it, the girl at the register stood their with her hand on her hip just waiting for something to happen, THEN the kicker.
I notice TWO, yes two, managers just sitting down to enjoy their tacos, all the while their employees are drowning behind the line and the line keeps growing.
No care in the world.
It took everything in me not to scream across the restaurant, "Hey are you two enjoying your lunch?
Cuz we aren't... how bout help out your employees?
" Ugh!
So frustrated.
As I left, 20 minutes later, with my burritos to go now since they took forever, I could only shake my head as I walked by their table, still enjoying they food.
And to make matters even worse...
I walk down their hall way to see water running out the kitchen door down the hall way.
I do an about-face and walk up to the manager to inform him of the issue, before I could even get the words out of my mouth he says "The water?
yeah I know" I gave him a "Are you f------ serious?!
" look, and left.
Wow he already knew about the leak and was still doing nothing.
I should have walked my happy ass right down the hall way and thrown myself on the floor and yelled for help... maybe I could be the new owner and straighten some shit out in there.

It pains me to write anything negative about Chipotle, but my experience at this location was less than amazing.
I stopped in on a Sunday afternoon and the place was nearly empty.
I found that a little strange, but didn't think much of it.
As I stood waiting for my turn to order, I watched the girl make a burrito for the person in front of me.
Granted, Chipotle burritos are always pretty huge, but this thing was a monster.
I don't think the girl making it knew when to stop or how cut down on everything else slightly so that the whole thing could be rolled up.
She ended up getting guacamole all over the outside of the guy's burrito and also had to use two pieces of foil to cover it up.
When my turn was up, I had to tell the girl twice that I wanted a burrito (she just stared at me the first time like I was slow).
Once we got started, I continued to have to repeat myself.
I don't think I was talking particularly quietly, nor was I speaking un-clearly.
I also don't think she was hard of hearing.
The entire time she had this bored, "let's get on with it" look on her face.
A couple of times she almost put some things I didn't want into my burrito and when corrected would drop the stuff back into the containers with somewhat of an attitude.
She managed to make my burrito normal size, I'm happy to say.
I was "helped" at the register by another employee.
When I say helped, I mean a zombie blankly stared at me, stated the amount, took my card, and promptly turned around to talk to his co-worker when the transaction was done.
No smile or even a "thank you".
I ate at a counter seat by the window, looking out onto 7th Ave, which was the most pleasant part of the visit.
It is a nice area.
People walking around or riding bikes, interesting shops and restaurants, nice landscaping, etc.
The food itself was lackluster.
Someone there needs to learn how to cook brown rice properly.
It was somewhat hard and not very tasty, a problem I have never encountered at any other Chipotle location.
Considering that about half the burrito ended up being rice, I had to force myself to finish my meal.
I'm hoping maybe someone was just having an off-day in the kitchen.
If their rice is like this all the time, it is safe to say I won't be back.
Love Chipotle, just not this one.
I might try it again sometime when the memory of their terrible rice has faded.

Not sure why the reviews are so low...
I've never been disappointed.
It's really hard to mess up a burrito that you tell them how to make.
They come up to you while you are eating and ask how everything is and if you need anything else... super nice people.

Not quite understanding the low reviews here!
I recently tried Chipotle for the very first time ever and you better believe I gobbled that burrito up like nobodies business.
It was huge, delicious, and cheap.
Sure, the guacamole is a bit on the steep side, but they served me tons and it was delicious, so I can manage.
I can't believe i avoided this place so many times, I will definitely go back...like, tomorrow.

Definitely something missing at this Chipotle compared to others I'm used to frequenting, yet still good.
Somehow the 'Chipotle magic' is not fully there and needs to be brought in.
However, the location is perfect, next to a yogurt shop and half a dozen other fast food places including across the street.
The seating outside is nice, the place is well kept.
I will continue coming cuz I love Chipotle and yes I'm a fan!

I love Chipolte but not this location!!
Food is always cold!
and then when they add you meet they end up take half of it of like they put to much!!
come one now Staff is pretty "ghetto" sorry for the word but its true.
Ill drive tothe Quedoba near by.

This is my favorite Chipotle in Phoenix.
I really like the converted historic building that it's housed in, and the food is consistently yummy.
Also, it's rarely as busy as other Chipotle stores in Phoenix or Scottsdale.
There is usually plenty of parking, plus a nice patio that is good for people-watching.

After a meeting this morning decided to stop for lunch on the way back to the office .
and decided to look for something in the area.
Found a Chipolte restaurant on the the southeast corner of McDowell and 7th Avenue .
hadn't been in the area in a while, and was I surprized to see all the new business.
First the food .
Had a Chicken Burrito Bowl with rice, corn, cheese, lettuce, and hot salsa .
full of flavor and the perfect size for lunch.
Also had some chips .
they tasted fresh and wre nice and crispy.
The lunch was a good four plus stars, but the astmosphere and vibe will all the restaurants in this little area definately pushed it up to five stars .
can't wait to go back and try out one of the other restaurants in the area.

Maybe I'm a hater or maybe there is something wrong with this place but the Starbucks of tortilla based food leaves me with a meh feeling.... Part of it might be the crowd but the other part maybe what I feel reminds me of a blob wrapped up in a whole lot of yuppie tortilla.
Obviously many people love this place as they are popping up everywhere.
This is either a sign of me being out of touch, maybe even a subconscious attempt to be a food snob or it's just a sign that people will buy into the theme that is being put up by this place on a massive scale.
I just know that it's not for me.
This location is always swamped by legions of office workers and students to the point that you will be waiting in a line if you do decide to go here.
The place is lively and to be honest if you are looking to meet people maybe even a few girls to talk up it might be a good place to go.

When my kidnappers finally dropped me off in an alley, I cut off the rope and removed the duct tape from my mouth.
The afternoon sun dried my tears and my belly thought my throat had been cut.
It was not.
I was famished.
I mean, I could have eaten an ox, an elephant, a scabby dog, and a horse between two vans.
My captors took my wallet with identification, my keys, and my belt.
All I had on me was a ten dollar bill.
There is only one place that would accept me in this condition and feed me enough food for my survival.
It is time to man up and get in line at the Chipotle.
When I entered the restaurant,  the air conditioning was an immediate relief.
For the last few days, my only form of air conditioning was a Popsicle being waved in my face.
And then I heard music coming out of plywood walls.
The corrugated steel and concrete made me have flashbacks of my echoing warehouse prison I was detained in.
I had to stay brave and line up with the people that have not read any books about "Communist Russia" or "The Grapes of Wrath".
We were all hungry, and evidently, we all forgot our wallets and purses and were forced to eat here with our ten dollar bills.
All of the employees were pissed off that they had to serve people food while wearing the same t-shirt for an entire week.
The air was permeated with beefgrease, and I imagine that odor clings to fabric.
It would be nice if companies that require dress codes gave their employees enough clothing for a week and not just one shirt... but then again, it would be nice if my pants were not falling off while I was trying to decide if I wanted three sloppy tacos or a drippy burrito.
I went with the drippy burrito, in order to not actually see what was going into my peckish gape.
The first thing the employees are eager to give you, is rice.
They will pile it on.
One heaping spoon was too much, but then she slapped on another small spoon too and smiled at me.
She was nice, and I was too hungry to tell her that she was taking up space for the real stuff.
I wasn't in a position to make a scene, although, in retrospect, everyone was already looking at me.
I was shuffling like a penguin down the assembly line because my ankles were still handcuffed together.
Jokes on them, I pawned those bad boys and got about as much as I paid for the Chipotle rice-filled burrito.
When I finally got a bite of beef, it was savored.
Not because it was prepared in a marinade and cooked to a mouth-watering perfection.
Because it had a piece of tough ligament or rubbery fat still attached.
Whatever.
I was hungry, and just spent the previous eight hours hogtied in the trunk of a car.
Don't judge.
It is really hard for someone to mess up a burrito that you tell them how to make.
I feel privileged enough now to write reviews on Yelp about all of the amazing artisans, small businesses, and kitchens that help make Phoenix a vibrant place to live and eat.
Mexican food is as diverse as the people and landscape that the food comes from.
When companies act as the face of an entire cultural experience in the exact same way all over the world, negative stereotypes are formed about Mexican food.
Chipotle, a company that brands itself  as a Mexican eatery is more representative of flavors and products that can be eaten in a Taco Bell than eating from an eatery in Hermosillo or Nogales.
Unfortunately, every corner in Phoenix is being taken up by cookie-cutter prefab restaurants that replace genuine opportunities for families and bootstrap DIYers to make something out of our unique life experience while providing healthier, fresh, and local products.
I was once kidnapped.
It was that day that I learned my city was hijacked.
Eat at Tacos De Jaurez on 7th St and Portland or La Condessa on 16th St just north of McDowell instead of Chipotle for better food in a more relaxed and comfortable community atmosphere for about the same pricepoint.

I don't know what the people below are talking about.
This place has the Chipotle essence.
Staff were friendly, food was great.
Pico de gayo was the best I've had from any Chipotle in a while.
Didn't give five stars because seating was limited.

The manager was the one adding my final ingredients (salsas, cheese, guac, lettuce) and was skimping on everything.
She rolled her eyes when I asked for more.
The cashier was so delightful and the food was great as always but I am disappointed in seeing a manager acting like that.
The food itself was good but the experience really ruined it for me - especially from such a great company like Chipotle.

Soooo salty!
The workers are quick to make assumptions about what you say you want and I have had them make me a few orders with something I didn't want it it.
Slow down, listen, and go easy on the salt!
(& leave the sass at home).

Went today to get lunch with my friends during work and first off all three of our burritos were about 75% rice.
That doesn't bother me as I asked for rice and you get what you asked for.
What bothers me is that all three of our steal burritos were raw.
The steak looked cooking outside but as soon as you bit into a piece of steak you couldn't because it was so chewy.
I looked into the piece and found it quite purple.
I posted a picture as evidence

The food is delicious and served very fast.
So many options from steak, chicken, carnitas, barbacoa and so many sides.
The atmosphere is upbeat, lively, and just a pleasure.
Great place for quick delicious work lunch or dinner after a long day!
The chips and guac are a must!

Chipotle is one of my standby choices when I want a meal that I know is going to be consistently good.
Today I just went in with a friend for chips and salsa and we decided to be adventurous and try the margaritas since I had heard they were actually really good.
Well, I was right!
They make a mean margarita here, and along with some chips and hot salsa it was a nice little snack break.

First time at this location.
Got to try the Sofritas™ in a quesarito.
Very yummy!
Nice staff.

Went in at 4:30pm on a Saturday and no wait in line.
I was already excited cause the chicken burrito cost a few cents less than my usual Chipotle location back in MA.
Staff here was super friendly and they put generous portions.
Chicken could've been cooked longer cause it was a little more chewy than in previous burritos I've had from Chipotle - and I've sure had plenty - but it was still good nonetheless.

