The Rutland Hotel's restaurant has recently transformed itself into Kyloe, a gourmet steak restaurant.
The chic stylings have been replaced by wood and cowhide, although some vestiges of the old place remain.
This and some other quirks will be put right as the place matures, no doubt.
Overall, "what we can say about Kyloe is: it's good.
My fillet was the best steak I've had in a restaurant in the UK, and I don't think my cattle baroness friend would have been angry had I taken her to have lunch there, but they still seem to have some kinks to iron out.

Jen + steak = happy.
So why only the three stars?
In a nutshell, really delicious steak with, yes, a lot of options but perhaps a little too pricey and not quite got *there* yet.
Kyloe is a specialist steak house.
Housed on the first floor or the Rutland Hotel, as you go up the very chic-mirrored staircase you'll be greeted by real cow hide, bizarrely cartoon cow-cartoon paintings, leather seats and the smell of, well, cooked cow.
So if you have a particularly adamant vegetarian, animal-rights friend I wouldn't bring them here.
Myself and three other yelpers dined here on their "50% off January sale".
So almost all steaks on the menu, bar the T-Bone, Fillet and Special, were half price (and all main courses).
This took the steak platter I ordered down from £18.95 to £9.50, and Jason's Sirloin down from £20 to £10.
Was I happy that I paid £9.50 for some delicious steak?
Yes.
Would I have been happy paying £18.95 for the same steak?
I don't think so.
And I definitely wouldn't have been if I were Jason.
Three of us ordered the 'steak platter' which had three smaller servings of more unusual cuts: Skirt, Onglet and Bavette.
They all come medium rare to compliment the texture of the meat.
Jason ordered his sirloin medium rare too (he had the option to go rare all the way to well done).
Now, see uploaded photo, but the steak platter was amazing.
I usually go for rare, and I would say that the three cuts I had were actually rare.
So if you were someone who normally liked medium rare and got these steaks, you might have been a little unhappy.
But I was in heaven.
Cooked exactly as I like.
And I really enjoyed being able to taste the difference in three different cuts of beef.
I had never done this before, and really could taste the difference.
The onglet was by far my favourite, and our waitress told us it's close to the kidneys so has the same depth and richness of flavour as liver etc.
However, Jason's medium-rare sirloin (same specification as our steaks) was pretty much medium to well done.
ALl steaks should have had the same redness and level of cookedness, and whilst ours were rare (very rare), Jason's was almost well done.
He was disappoitned.
If he'd had to pay £20 for that steak, well I think it would have been quite ridiculous.
Had we been in a gastropub and that steak had shown up for a tenner, it would have been fine.
But this is a premium steak house.
Surely the level of cooking is what defines a good steak, to your specification?
Also, all sides come as an added extra.
So after paying £20 for that well done sirloin, you have to pay £4 for chips or £2.50 for a leafy salad.
It is pricey.
And I am happy to pay for something extra, if the place delivers.
But the ambience here isn't to my taste.
Less romantic date spot, or with individual character, and more a business lunch and wineing and dining whilst networking spot.
That's fine, that's what it is (and I think what they're aiming for) but not for me.
The waitress was really friendly, and I enjoyed the fact they bring out a platter of raw steaks whilst you're choosing and explain what the qualities of each cut are, and recommend whether to have them rare, medium or well done (although it would be more useful if after recommending the sirloing at medium rare, it came out medium rare...)  If friends suggested dinner here again, I would save up my pennies for the special occasion (if it were one) and enjoy a nice steak.
But I know I can get an equally delicious steak in a far more intimate, unique restaurant at half the price.
By no means was it bad, but I feel it didn't warrant the price tag.

When Jenny L told me that Kyloe was having a half priced steak "sale" if you will, I was in.
As an omnivore, I do love a good steak, and love it even more when it's half price.
My first note is that half price in Kyloe is normal price in my favourite steak house (I think I waxed poetic enough about Los Argentinos last night so I'll do my best to leave it out of the review).
My second note, is that Kyloe is much more centrally located than the place I'm leaving out of the review, and also has a wider array of menu options than unmentionable place of Argentinian persuasion.
Our waitress was lovely and had definitely had a lot of teaching about steaks.
We opted to get the full course on each bit of steak on the menu, where it came from, how best to cook it, etc.
It was very eye-opening and will definitely help next time I'm in the butcher's.
She definitely sold me on the steak board when she said that it featured cuts of steak that are not widely known and therefore are at times thrown out.
The steak board arrived on a warm slab of slate (ooo fancy) and each piece was explained to us.
Awesome.
The table favourite was the onglet, with the feather steak coming in second and the bavette coming in a (very) distant third, due to a funny flavour to be discussed later.
Each piece was apparently medium rare, except that they were all a bit *too* rare for me.
Much more on the rare side than the medium.
Jason M ordered what the rest of us were originally going to choose before going for the board, the sirloin.
It arrived a dull tan colour (not rich brown) and was practically cooked through.
Medium rare?
I think not.
As a side, I ordered the hand cut chips, Jason had the shoestring fries (they didn't appear all that shoestring to me...), Gillian had the onion rings and Jenny opted for the healthy choice of garlicy tomatoes.
My fries were neither here nor there and I felt that the onion rings were under seasoned and too greasy.
When we finished our meals we all reflected, in true Yelper style, on how we woule rate our experience.
We all enjoyed ourselves but that was more due to company than food.
The waitress was lovely though ultimately became a bit inattentive as I eventually had to go looking for someone to sort our bill.
This was of course compiled with the fact that my stomach was rumbling in an unhappy way at this stage (and still is), a fact that I'm not sure could be attributed to the odd tasting bavette or maybe to the rareness of the steaks.
If I'd paid full price, I wouldn't have been pleased.
So, no repeat trips for me, I'm afraid.
I'll keep my steak eating to certain not-to-be named Argentinian steak houses, thankyouverymuch.
Oh, and the toilets were baltic.

I was planning to give Kyloe three stars as it's a nice place, but as I walked home I got more and more annoyed with myself for being too much of a wuss to send my steak back.
I give myself one star as a customer for not speaking up, so let's split the difference and call it two stars.
And you know what?
If a steak restaurant can't cook a steak properly then they have no business being in business.
We were a group of four (see the other reviews on Yelp); three got the steak board and I had the sirloin.
I do think the steak board is a great idea, a way of trying three different cuts that you don't normally see: feather, onglet and bavette.
I was very tempted to get that, but I knew I could try Gillian's, so I went for the sirloin.
I would normally get a fillet steak but we were there for their 50% January deal and only some steaks qualified (another minor annoyance, but hey ho).
So.
The steak boards only come medium rare, because that's how the chef recommends cooking those cuts.
I also ordered my sirloin medium rare.
Now, I like to claim that consistency is the defence of a small mind, but one would think that as all the steaks were ordered medium rare, they should have come out the same.
Not so!
All the steak board cuts were cooked beautifully.
Lovely seared dark brown on the outside and juicy red, even verging on rare, inside.
Perfect.
My supposedly medium rare sirloin was grey on the outside and in, with a thin section of very light pink in the middle.
Lord knows how they managed to cook it right through without achieving any colour on the outside.
It wasn't medium, it wasn't rare, it wasn't medium rare.
I don't know what it was, but it wasn't a good steak.
So, sure, it was half price (=£10), but to be honest, if I paid a tenner in a pub for a steak then I would expect something like that, or indeed better.
In a specialty steak restaurant, this was unacceptable.
They obviously thought so too because they forgot to deduct my 50% from the bill, until we notified the staff.
Probably a mistake, but it really didn't help.
Likewise (see Jen's review), the sides were all extra so the total does add up.
So yeah, nicely styled place (in a sort of 1980s bachelor chic, or maybe "Gentleman's Club chic" - lots of black and shiny things, but suited to their goal of being an upmarket steak house), has potential, the other menu options looked good, and the steak boards are a great idea and they do them well, but it could be much better.
How you can bring four medium rare steaks to a table when one was clearly nothing like the others is a bit beyond me.
I feel stupid for not complaining, but you shouldn't have to complain to get what you ordered.
And that's why we have the internet!
So like I said, I was edging towards three stars but .
nope.

Kyloe!
I'd been there before for a business lunch and really enjoyed my fillet steak (well, I wasn't paying).
So, when Jenny proposed we go for their half price steak, I was really keen.
Apart from anything else, I wanted to take Jason there, as I thought he'd like it.
I really like the restaurant itself, with all its dark wood and cow-hide covered furniture.
The serving staff are lovely and friendly, and really seem to know their stuff, explaining all the cuts and how best to cook them.
So we ordered - three 'steak boards' of unusual cuts, and one sirloin.
The steak boards were great - I loved tasting the different flavours, and confirming that onglet really is an amazing cut - I'd had it once before and raved about it.
The meat was verging on rare, rather than medium, but I like that.
The outside was charred and scrumptious, the inside deep red.
But.
How could I enjoy it fully when Jason was sitting beside me with a pallid slab of overcooked grey sirloin?
The moment it was put down we all just stared and said... "oh".
I don't know how the waitress served it alongside those delicious steak boards without realising something was wrong!
As I've said before, we're both very British about complaining.
What would you say?
What would they do?
It should be right in the first place.
So I just fed him as much as I could spare of my own nice steak.
Which wasn't a huge amount, I admit!
Ah well - it's too dear for us, anyway - the price of the steaks is bad enough, but once you add a couple of sides it gets a bit silly.
So I'm glad I've tried it, but probably won't be back.

I loved the food at Kyloe.
I had the ribeye steak, medium rare (as recommended by the waitress), and it was delicious.
Tender, juicy and so tasty.
And their beef dripping chips may well have been the best chips I've ever tasted.
There were eight of us and so, between us, we sampled a fair portion of the menu.
We were all impressed with the quality of the food.
The service was fantastic and I loved the way they showed us the various cuts of meat before we ordered.
But... the price lets it down.
I was there in January when they had the "50% off main meals" promotion.
Bargain!
Or so I thought.
Except that it turns out that a "main meal" is a steak with some watercress and a tomato.
Hmmm... not really my idea of a main meal.
All sides have to be ordered separately and were not included in the deal.
And they are not cheap.
Those beef dripping chips I mentioned - £4.
Yes, £4 for a very small portion of (delicious-but-still-made-of-non-expensive-potato) chips.
Because of the promotion, the overall bill was reasonable (though not the bargain I had first thought it would be) and, as I said, the food and service were both great.
But I would think twice, and perhaps re-mortgage, before going there and paying full-price.

We went to Kyloe for our wedding anniversary recently and loved it.
Will definitely go back at some point!
My husband is a massive carnivore, so the suggestion of gourmet steak immediately got his attention, and he wasn't disappointed.
We immediately warmed to the place, as our waitress kindly gave us two glasses of champagne on the house upon finding out it was our anniversary (we were inquiring as to whether champagne goes with steak, and she suggested it probably didn't but we could always have a wee glass to begin.
)  She then brought us out the platter of steak cuts and explained what each one was and how it was best cooked, and then recommended a steak based upon our own personal taste.
I went for the 45 day aged Rump, which was DELICIOUS and cooked perfectly, although next time I'd probably go for something a bit smaller.
I was too stuffed to fully enjoy my pudding.
The wine we chose was beautiful too, and the waitress again seemed to know all about it and whether it would suit our meal choice or not.
My only criticism was the cost of the side dishes - £4 for a bowl of beef dripping chips.
They were so tasty, but not really worth £4 I would say.
On signing up to the newsletter you get a 20% off voucher for your first Kyloe experience, which made the cost of the meal much more reasonable, but I'm not sure how we'd feel paying full price next time.
I guess we'll have to wait and see as we will be back at some stage!

Mmmmm steak!!!
As one of life's carnivores I had to try Kyloe out for size and can definately say they stepped up to the plate!
Hadn't been in Rutland since it's makeover and love the decor in Kyloe... cowhide chairs remind you that steak is the speciality!
Knowing it was my birthday we were given the table with the view looking to the Castle which is great to remind me how fabulous Edinburgh is!
Was impressed when the waitress brought out the various steak cuts and gave me and the family a lesson in steak!
I opted for the fillet which was cooked to perfection and just melted in my mouth.. and the creamed spinach was to die for!!
There were six of there and so managed to order a good variety from the menu and glad that everyone thoroughly enjoyed everything!
The staff were really friendly and attentive and have been back couple of time since!
Oh and if you plan on going for the first time I'd recommend you sign up to their mailing list as that entitles you to 20% off your food bill on your first visit - RESULT!

Sunday's were made for one long epic meal (brunch, Sunday lunch or Sunday dinner - each one mightily good in its own way) that the rest of the day revolves around.
My favourite is Sunday Roast Lunch.
You snack lightly for breakfast in preperation for the feast.
You make no plans for the evening, except perhaps putting your favourite pair of relaxi-pants on the radiator.
You block out an entire afternoon purely for the indulgence of eating a very good, hearty meal.
But not just that.
Sharing that good, hearty meal with the closest of friends and family.
Sunday Roast lunch is made to be enjoyed, slowly, with loved ones.
So, when Kyloe announced their new Sunday lunch with a twist I was all over it like gravy on a yorkshire pud.
The twist is that its Sunday Roast just like you'd have at home - with the dishes of potatoes, vegetables, the gravy boat and the roast joint itself all put in the middle of the table for you to help yourselves.
This is exactly how we would have Sunday Roast, every single Sunday of my child hood (I kid you not) and it is maybe for this reason that I enjoyed Kyloe's Sunday Roast lunch so much.
And what a Sunday Roast it was.
The rib of beef, served with a delightful side of greens.
4 big Yorkshire puddings (we're talking biiiiig), potatoes roasted in duck fat, roasted root vegetables, creamed savoy cabbage (thanks for clarifying exactly which cabbage, Katie N!
), a bottle of red.
It was, actually, a perfect mix of everything you'd want.
Mashed potatoes were missing, but there were so many roasties you didn't even notice.
The beef was lovely and tender, although my one piece of feedback to the restaurant was that perhaps people could pre-order and specify how well done they'd like the beef.
ALl of our table like the red meat and the outside of the joint was well done, whilst the inside was a bit more pink.
As the beef is the centre of the meal, it'd be nice to specify just how you'd like it cooked.
And then dessert.
Crumble.
Apple and berry crumble.
With vanilla cream.
We also ordered some ice cream to go with this, at an extra charge, but in my eyes its worth it.
The waiter actually laughed when he saw that we'd finished as, as it was apparently for 4 - 6 people (I'm guessing more at the 6 range) and 4 of us scraped it clean.
It was tough but we solidered through.
It really was absolutely delicious, and just like grandma used to make - with that home-baked flavour and more-ish quality.
Add in a bottle of red wine and it was pretty much everything you could ask for in a Sunday roast.
The service was also really friendly but not overly formal or stuffy, despite that its evidently a finer dining establishment.
I would not only recommend this to others, but am going to come back here again myself.
With the cold winter months drawing in, its the perfect Sunday Roast lunch to keep you warmed, to share with the family, but without the washing up.
Perfect!

Kyloe's Sunday roast - I'll do that again!
The food was great with the meat being tender and veg roasted to perfection.
Cooked white cabbage has never been my favourite item but when you add cream and easy spices to it..bring it on, yummy!
The apple and berry crumble cake is a must, once again spot on.
I'm going back!

This restaurant redefines 'Steak meals' - The bar is set high and they achieve the whole thing.
From choosing your cut to selecting your wine.
A good and welcome help is the Steak Cut Presentation Board - a perfect visual explanation to your cut and cooking time.
My personal favourite is the 45 day(!
) Rum Steak (400gr) I can sit on that all night..
The Beef Dripping Cooked Farmer Chips are crispy on the outside and fluffy inside, perfect!
There is a conservative but well sourced wine selection which (depending on the availability) are always a good complimet to the meat feast.
The ambiance is cow, leather, low lights and views.
A few round group tables are available for that special feast with friends or birthday!
They also allow children but you won't be noticing them much due to the well placed noise canceling high backs of certain tables :o)   I Recommend this for friend, family, couples and special occaisions - they do group bookings as well but I am not too sure if this is well suited though, but yes they have the space.

Just.
finished sunday roast beef meal.
This was another one on my wish list.
The beef was superb.
The roasties crispy, yorkshires tasty, fluffy and the vegetables well seasoned.
We got red wine and an apple crumble with custard and icecream and white chocolate flakes.
The whole experience was a so good that I was about to fall into a post dinner snooze there and then.
Service was terrific and I am so glad we have a restaurant like that!
We went with fellow yelpers and this was organised by jenny.
Hopefully we will join in a lot more.

Roast Beef with all the trimmings Kyloe style??
Erm yes please!!
Things that are a must on my Sunday roast list are - plenty of rare roast beef, crispy home cooked roasters, al dente veggies and of course lashings and lashings of gravy and I'm happy to say that Kyloe ticked all the boxes.. and then some!
Having met up with a group of likeminded yelpers this afternoon for a lazy lunch we only had one thing on our mind.... Sunday Roast!
Taking Jen's advice on portion size we passed on a starter and jumped straight to the main event - and boy was it worth it!
Each roast joint feeds four and it definately gets the tummy rumbling as you watch them carve each slice onto the plates before delivering oodles of fabulous veg, roasties and of course yorkie puds (unfortunately being gf I had to abstain) before topping it off with a fantastic gravy!!
The meat was cooked to perfection, crisp on the outside but so pink and juicy inside and there was more than enough to go around as despite our best efforts (and believe me when I say we tried!
) we still had leftovers... which if you ask they will kindly bag up to take home!
Desert was a large apple crumble - which looked amazing - tho again not gf so I was treated to my own special apple dessert comprising of pureed apple, cream, liquer topped with blackberries and decorated with dehydrated apple crisps which was very nice!
At £25 a head it's slightly more expensive than the 'chain' restaurants roasts but then again this is no 'chain' roast...
The quality of the meat, the freshness of the veg, the huge portion sizes and accompanied by a lovely bottle of wine make this worth every penny!!
Will definately be back again for more.... tho may need another few trips to the gym in the meantime!

Crazy Cow Decor, A great time with awesome friends, Sunday Roast?
Yes Please!

We came to Kyloe last weekend for what was a fantastic Sunday lunch, one that I could safely say is one of the best I have had!
Located at the far West end of Prince's Street, Kyloe is extremely central and basks below the castle with stunning views up at it.
We sat upstairs in the spacious dining area and enjoyed these brilliant castle views throughout our meal, which definitely complemented and added to the experience.
We had the traditional Sunday roast, which was absolutely delicious and extremely plentiful.
Shared amongst four people, the roast is carved at the table and served with Yorkshire pudding while tatties, green veggies, and sweet root veggies were all served family-style.
The meat was perfectly cooked and was some of the best I have had in a long time, and the wine complemented it well.
Even though we were quite full, we did not regret the dessert.
The apple crumble was made even more delicious when served with vanilla ice cream and white chocolate.
Wow, to say the least.
It was amazing.
Even though £25 is a bit more than I would normally spend for a Sunday lunch, this was a fantastic treat and is fantastic for groups of four to indulge and enjoy an afternoon together taking in the trendy ambiance of  Kyloe.

Yum!
I can only judge Kyloe on their Sunday roast but that was amazing.
I've never seen so much food on a plate in Edinburgh before, and it's a while since I've been this full but it was worth it.
You need 4 or 5 people to do this meal justice as you get one big roast to share but this is a great way to spend a Sunday lunchtime.
It's a little bit expensive at full price for lunch but you get a lot for your pennies.
Roast beef joint, roast tatties, roast veg, creamed cabbage, Yorkshire pudding, gravy, dessert, and a bottle of wine, and almost all very good (the wine wasn't quite as good as the rest but it was certainly drinkable).
Mmmmm, just thinking about it is making me hungry.
The decor's kind of weird, pictures of tripping cows and black marble toilets, and the view of the tramworks is lovely but it was comfortable and the service was good.
I can't speak for their a la carte menu but I would definitely recommend the Sunday roast.
As soon as I feel up to it I'll be back for more.

Few Sundays ago Steph and I both awoke with throbbing heads but safe in the knowledge that Jenny L, the Edinburgh Community manager for Yelp had organised a great deal for us at Kyloe.
The emergence of steak restaurants in Edinburgh has heightened competition in the city with Kyloe and Steak Edinburgh being the big dogs to date.
Kyloe has launched a fantastic Sunday roast option, 4 people, roast joint of your choosing, all the trimmings, a desert and a bottle of wine for £100.
You do have to preorder, no last minute decisions unfortunately but it is a great idea.
The joint is brought to the table and carved in front of you, served with a large Yorkshire pudding.
Cooked to medium the meat is of fantastic quality.
The portions are huge and you need four very hungry mouths to get near to finishing the lot.
Deserts are homemade classics, on our visit it was apple crumble served with cream, we asked for ice cream additionally and this was no issue.
I need my vanilla ice cream when having crumble, surely it's a law somewhere?
In any case the meal was superb and a visit come highly Jd Reommended!

I've been to Kyloe twice now and I have highly enjoyed both experiences.
The first time I went was a few months after they had opened for a friend's birthday meal.
I had the oysters, steak tartar and the mini sliders.
The second time was this past November and I had steak tartar (again) and the sirloin steak with a red wine and blue cheese sauce.
The steak was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and I absolutely enjoyed the blue cheese sauce.
I encountered excellent service on both of my visits.
If you join their mailing list you'll be kept up to date with their specials.
For instance, for the month of January you can received 25% off your bill.
Definitely check this place out if you are keen for a well cooked steak with an beautiful view of the city from the West End.

I've eaten Sunday Roast dinner in several restaurants/pubs/bars over the years but Kyloe gave me the best Sunday Roast experience I have ever had.
Previously I have encountered plasticy, thinly sliced beef which came with soggy cold veg drowned in watered-down gravy.
But Kyloe beautifully presented a feast of the finest thick cut Scottish beef - sliced in front of you with platters of brightly coloured crunchy veggies and roast potatoes all of which were cooked to perfection and accompanied by bread sauce and a rich gravy, with wine to wash it down.
I felt like a virgin - touched for the very first time.
I'm pretty sure when we all took our first bite there was a chorus of moans followed by minor rolling of the eyes and silence for the most part of the meal while we savoured it which must be the quietest Yelp dinner I have been to.
As much as we tried to, we couldn't polish off the last few bites - one must reserve room for dessert too you know.
It's the only meal I have been to where a fight could have broken out over who got the doggy bag and much jealousy of who did get it.
The suggestion was put to the group to reunite later that evening to meet and share what remained of the last supper but the doggy bag owner was having none of it.
I was thoroughly impressed by the quality of the the food and service and have seen it where I've paid more money for a meal just as good in a 5 star restaurant.
As for the cow themed decor placed amongst classy lighting and shades of brown leather - I thought this a little odd at first - maybe someone had a cow fetish but it dawned on me that Kyloe is a Steak Restaurant and Grill - Kyloe being a Scottish word for Highland beef cattle, so fair enough.
I am definately coming back here for more!

DO NOT USE YELP (OR OPENTABLE) TO MAKE RESERVATIONS AT THIS RESTAURANT.
Had a very bad experience with a manager called Paul (skinny guy, late twenties to early thirties about 5 feet 7 inches.).
We have made reservations for 8:30 PM May 9, 2013 using yelp.
When we arrived to the restaurant the reservation was not there and Paul refused to sit us at the table even though we showed him our reservation on the mobile phone.
In short he told us that it is not the restaurant problem because they use the third provider for making reservations.
For someone who supposed to accomodate customers and their fix problems, he was totaly unsuited for the job at any establishmnet, especilay the one at the upeer price range.
He was rude, interruprting me etc.
I work in the service industry myself  and know that this type of behaviour would not be tolerated in the US -- may be the restaurant services are not up to par here at UK -- but I personaly had  much better experience in the past.
at UK and Scotland in particular.
Paul offered no solution to the problem, told me that it is not a restuarant problem and send us on the way.
He also told me that nobody else at the restaurant we can talk to fix the problem.

I really wasn't expecting such a smart looking restaurant when my husband suggested lunch there.
I have to mentione the waiter service which was just exceptional and the waitress was very informative of their produce.
I had to opt for a steak and i wasn't disappointed very tender and cooked perfectly.
The only negative was the chips which just weren't that nice.
I am very tempted to book the sunday lunch!

Lazy long weekend off with my boyfriend, what better to do than go for steak?!
Itison had a voucher for Kyloe recently, sirloin and chips with a glass of wine for two for £29 - not bad!
So off we trotted to Kyloe to eat our steak, having made sure to book in advance.
Not that we probably needed to, as the restaurant was very quiet.
However this did mean we got a pretty cool cowskin booth with a great view of Prince St!
Our wine serving size was on the mean side, probably due to being there on a voucher (as we saw someone else order a glass from the menu, much bigger!
), but it was perfectly nice wine so we weren't too bothered.
A jug of tap water too, which was refilled part way through without even needing to ask.
The steak was lovely - verging more on medium-well done than medium as I'd asked but didn't bother me really as it was still very tender.
Oh, and the chips were delicious too - small and chunky, and only a few of them, but actually it proved to be a perfect serving size, any more of the beef fat dripping lovelies and you'd start to feel a bit too full.
Very good bearnaise too, perfectly seasoned (this cost an extra £2).
Because the restaurant was so quiet we were served very quickly and had finished in just under half an hour, though we drew this out at the end finishing wine/water to make it a more acceptable 45 minutes.
Needless to say we were impressed, although I'll hold off on a higher rating til I've been back to try more of the menu.

Dear Kyloe,  I visited your fine dining establishment with a rather large group of people, all of us eager to feast on your fine selection of quality Scottish meats.
Having visited your restaurant twice, I have to say: I cannot praise your decorator, chef and waiting staff enough.
The restaurant has just the right vibe to it (location is a huge bonus), the meat is of superb quality and cooked to near perfection, and the waiting staff catered to our every need politely and efficiently.
Plus, the meat platter.
The meat platter is the funnest thing I have ever done in a steak house, and is tremendous help in deciding what cut one wants to go for.
I cannot commend this enough.
The price tag is of course hefty, but you get what you pay for - quality dining on the posher part of the city.
Now, I tried, but no matter how much I wanted to, I couldn't give you the whole five stars, and that is for two reasons.
Firstly, sides pricing.
I am not into the seafood trade, but I think that a fiver is a little too much to ask for 3 extra prawns on a steak - let alone the £2 charge for 30 ml of peppercorn sauce, which is just absurd.
Secondly and most importantly, the mandatory service charge.
I am just not getting this.
I understand this is 'take-it-or-leave-it' restaurant policy, I am all for awarding good service (and I got plenty of this at Kyloe) and tipping is part of the UK restaurant culture, but how are you so sure that every waiter that has ever worked, or will ever work, for you, deserves a 10% service charge?
How do you know that this is how much people rate the service they get?
How have you come to the conclusion that every customer who eats at Kyloe has to tip your staff as much?
It is presumptuous at best, and policy that should be reconsidered.
That said, that steak and that peanut butter & jelly cheesecake were worth every single penny.
Yours faithfully,  Nik

We went here the Thursday before Valentines day and it was so good!!!
Staff was very friendly and helpful.
Our steaks were cooked perfectly and the beef dripping fries were out of this world!!
The atmosphere was intimate while still being fun (there are lots of cute cow paintings around the restaurant).
My only (and super small) complaint i had had to do with the steamed cabbage.
I never knew too much butter could be a problem before tasting this side.
There was just too much butter, that I couldnt even finish it.
This is a great place for a special occasion and I wish I was going to be in the city longer to celebrate in Kyloe again!

I had dinner here last Friday evening and didn't really have any expectations of the restaurant.
I normally find British speciality grills to be hit or miss, with miss becoming a more regular occurrence.
We arrived and were say down quickly.
Happy with the table, but when I looked around I would have been happy at any of the tables.
Nothing like a bad table to disrupt a pleasurable meal.
The waiter introduced several options and discussed with us the farms and different types of beef.
I chose the sirloin on the bone  with a beer and chips.
I probably could have gone the red wine and salad, but hey, some times you feel like steak, chips and a beer!
:)  The steak took about 30 minutes to cook and bring out, which was understandable given the size of the thing!
The steak was absolutely delicious ... To die for incredible.
I only expect beef like this to come out of countries and restaurants in the States, South Africa or Argentina.
The service, was fantastic also, with the gentlemen serving us being attentive, courteous and knowledgeable.
I will make one small complaint, however it doesn't register enough for a drop in a star.
An irritant I found was spending £50 on a steak and then being asked to pay £2 for a relatively small amount of sauce.
I found this quite cheapening.

