WOW!
This place use to be called Burger Factory, but the original owner took over it and changed it big time.
The place looks really different and is worth stopping by!
I ran into it by accident and now a hardcore fan.
The PRICES and the FOOD is awesome.
Get the Pastrami sandwich and you wont be be disappointed.
Today I had burger and it was one of best tasting burgers I've ever had in Phoenix since moving here 10 years ago (well worth the $10).
Tasted like it was char-broiled authentic.
I would say out of a scale 1 out of 10 Cleanliness : 10 Customer Service: 10 Food : 10+++ Parking: 9  CONS: They didn't have coca-cola but all well I settled for sprite.

saw that it was open under a new name and owner, and thought i would give them a try boy was i glad i did!
I had a pastrami, it was the best i ever had.
the place was very clean and bright i will be back for sure.

This is a tasty burger joint - toasted bun, secret sauce (1000 island), shredded lettuce - simple and delicious.
Thick French fries - low prices - clean environment - friendly staff.
Although they share a similar color scheme, this place puts Five Guys to shame.
Best in class for what it is.

Oh my goodness...best burger I have had in a really long time.
The burger was huge!
more than enough for me to handle but very delicious with fresh ingredients toped with a tasty sauce.
The  fries with my meal were also  amazing.
I will definitely be back to visit anytime I'm in the phoenix area.

Excellent!
Burger was juicy, chili cheese fries were awesome.
Onion rings were crispy.
We will be back!
Would recommend you try it.

I've been going to the burger shoppe for years now and haven't had a better burger anywhere and I travel a lot.
I live in north Phoenix and will go out of my way just for a chance to eat here.
Burgers are perfect.
Breakfast burritos are big and delicious.
And you have to try the zucchini sticks.
Best of all the prices are really cheap how do they do it.

great burger place with a huge menu.
good service too!

Not bad place, clean and fast!
burger taste great, the outside might look outmoded, but the newly remodeled inside is great!

Reminds me of the burger joint back home.
Good prices for big size burgers.
I ordered the double chili cheese burger.
I loved the burger tasty and juicy.
The chili could be thicker a little runny for my liking but a great taste.
Onion rings were golden, crispy and delicious.
All I needed to go with that is a shake but they don't have it on the menu..hint, hint.
Will be back to try something different.

Everything I have tried from Burger Shoppe is good!
Burgers, chicken sandwich, salad and breakfast all are delicious!

Been coming here for years since I work a half mile from there.
The burgers are good and freshly prepared.
The burger special is a good buy, but the key find is the breakfast burrito which are one of the better ones in town.
No frills and the menu has quite a selection.
They are fast and generally consistent with good tasting food.
Better than a fast food place

Burger meat was not high quality and I didn't love that they mixed raw onions into the lettuce.

Great food.
We love the Family Pack - 4 great burgers with fries and comes with a nice big drink!
Affordable and good tasting.

food is decent, good if you're craving a burger.
I wasn't amazed and the burger gets sloppy towards the end.
Also the breakfast is OK, nothing special

