If i could give her 5 stars for her personality and willingness to help me with my weird cough i have had over the past almost 3 months now...I WOULD.
Since this is based on an OVERALL experience you are probably wondering where this could have went wrong somehow right?
First off let me tell you that i am a certified medical assistant and caregiver that has grown up with educated human beings and family within the medical field as well So i know a lot about a lot of little things.
For example, Doctors make extra money off of the drugs that they prescribe like commission kind of.
If they prescribe stuff over the counter they wont be getting as much money in their pockets.
Now i am sure she didn't mean this with the wrong intentions and did want to help me, but when i told other people within the medical field that are close friends and family they were just dumbfounded with her reasoning for my coughing.
Acid reflux, sinus drip, or asthma?
Really?????
She prescribed two things i was not expecting at all given the fact that cheratussin did not help as much either or any OTC cough syrup.
The prednisone did not help me as much as she probably would have liked and only helped with my nasal congestion which has not been an issue what so ever to be quite honest.
She also recommended prilosec which is for heart burns which i still have yet to try.
So based on the fact that she recommended an OTC drug shocked my friends mom who is a RN for merck.
My rib cage has been hurting since december from all my coughing i would have thought she would prescribe a stronger cough syrup to help the coughing and what she recommended besides the prilosec has not done much at all for my cough which they said would.
If i could request my money back for my visit and money for the prescribed medicine i would since i am not strapped with cash.

Dr may be great, but her phone rep is a condescending twit!
Made an appt online...
It was nice not having to deal with aforementioned twit!
Went in to see the Doc, and she is great.
A bit unorthodox, the Dr brought me back herself.
In the exam room we started out sitting eye level, her at a small child size school desk facing me, actually listening to what I had to say.
Midway through my exam I could clearly hear a patient arrive who said he had also made an appt online, that they weren't expecting.
Dr Corpus went into quick mode and started asking for my help in setting up a nebulizer for my breathing treatment.
Ok. A little weird, but I'm a dental assistant so it wasn't a stretch to jump in and help where I could.
Overall, she actually listened to my concerns, and addressed them.
Prescribed low cost replacements to my existing meds, and offered solutions to my current illness that were actually affordable.
Appt finished, and back up to the front desk.
Jamie, her receptionist and previously mentioned twit, once again condescends in her arrogant false tone spouting off acronyms and basically tells me she is not willing to help me at all in understanding why my bill is as it is, only that she is charging me and that in 4-6 weeks when I get the EOB it will explain.
Ok, so working in dentistry, I know an EOB to be explanation of benefits, but I also know you don't use medical jargon with patients.
I ask to set up another appointment but would like to know costs upfront, to which she immediately reverts to twit mode and informs me she will in no way help me finding out fees, I can do it on my own via my health insurance, all of course with that same condescending arrogance I first encountered when I called!
Overall, Dr Copus gets 4 stars because she really is great!
I will raise it to 5 when I don't have to deal with Jamie!

I have been going to this office for at least a year.
Deborah is an awesome doctor who really listens what is happening with you; and she cares!
Now the receptionist there makes me cringe.
She is extremely condescending, rude, and has a serious lack of customer service and just general people skills.
One time I went in and felt relieved to see a nice friendly smile at the desk from a new male receptionist.
You could tell he was new bc it took him a bit longer to get everything taken care of.
I would much rather have it take longer and let him grow into his role; then to see Jamie again.
I'm sure you understand my disappointment the next time I came back and she was sitting there...

Update: what I failed to mention in my first post was that even though I had verified with my health insurance provider that I had a set co-pay, the aforementioned twit over charged me 300%!!
When I tried to discuss the error with her, she condescendingly informed me that my charge was set on the computer, and if there was an over charge I would be gladly refunded.
As a side note, it amazing how a persons words can be so far from their definition!
I ended up having to go back to Dr Copus for same illness, only to be overcharged again by 250%.
Rather than argue with this rude little pion I paid the overcharge, knowing that at some point the insurance company should take care of the discrepancy.
Skip ahead 6 weeks, and I haven't heard anything, so I call my insurance company who verifies overcharge, then call said twit to inform her of her mistake.
So I call the office, twit answers, then as soon as she realizes it's me, begins immediately using the shredder.
( although I suspect she merely turned on the shredder and put it in the closest proximity to my ear as she could)  Update2.0 Received a very unprofessional letter along with refund check from first overcharge saying that due to refund be demanded, I made dr Copus work on the weekend.
I never demanded anything.
In fact I was pleasant without reason to be.
Obviously twit is not the most honest person.

