The food is HUMBLE and features some Jalisco dishes that many people are looking for,such as Bistec, Mole, Menudo, Birra, and Posole.
My meal I had recently here was Steak Poblano.
The steak was fork tender and covered with fresh tomatoes , Poblanos , & onions .Everything seemed fresh and the place was very clean.
They make their own tortillas here daily and Howard Seftel had them on a top ten list according to the menu here.
Meals that I tried so far have been carefully made  and were not greasy.
Service is usually good, but sometimes it goes European Style.
(your order gets taken,food comes out and that's it.....that is how it rolls.
It's a Mom and Pop business.
3.5 stars

Over priced for the lack of flavor.
The chips were very bland, we kept adding salt to the sasa.
I had a taco and cheese enchilada w/beans and rice.
Half of the food tasted canned or defrosted.
The meat was rubbery and bland, my husband actually made a game out of how long it took him to chew the meat.
I had coffee with bad creamer, got a new coffee still got charged & couldn't drink the second one.
We won't go back.

Prepare to savor each bite when you visit Mark and Maria's - you'll have the opportunity as things move at their own pace here.
Nothing wrong with that as the food is amazing.
Just learn to work the system and things work out very nicely, ie be prepared to order, go to the counter to pay your bill!
Only place in Phoenix I have as a 'must visit' on a weekly basis.

So glad they are back in the neighborhood.
Maria has everything fresh - cleanest place in town you could eat in the restrooms - Best Tortillia Soup ever - Food is cooked to order so do not expect it when you walk in the door this is no Tacco-Bell

This is a wonderful family restaurant with very personal service and attention to quality ingredients.
Mark makes excellent margaritas, not the sickly sweet things that are so common here.
He's on the quiet side, but I enjoy his wry sense of humor.
Maria is the outgoing one of the pair.
She clearly takes pride in everything she makes.
After a few visits, it's become my favorite Mexican restaurant in Phoenix.
My favorite is the mole enchiladas.
Not available every day, I think she makes mole on Tuesdays and the weekends.
It is to die for and I think one of the best moles I've ever had, and that includes many trips to Mexico.

I give the ambience of this restaurant more like 3-stars.
Our waiter was I believe the co-owner of the restaurant.
This place is definitely a "mom-pop" restaurant.
The owners were both very much there and very friendly.
I was very impressed with the food.
I had the shredded beef tacos with rice/beans.
The rice tasted like the rice my mother-in-law makes so definitely a family recipe.
The beef was excellent.
My husband had the carne asada and though the quality was excellent.
The margarita wasn't so great--too sweet but overall, a place I'd go back to.

Blah.

After eating here 3 times in the past month, I've decided I love this place.
Tonite the place was almost full on a Wednesday nite.
So far my favorite dishes are the chicken enchiladas and the beef tacos.
The owners are wonderful people who always make us feel welcome.
I encourage all who read this to go and support this local business.

Amazing!!!
It's family operated and been around for years now.
Changed locations but still as good as ever!

This is my fav Mex restaurant outside of Mexico.
Maria and Mark are wonderful hosts who always remember my friend and me.
Mark's margaritas are the best.
Maria is truly a gourmet cook.
IMHO, her mole sauce is the best ever (Mexico included).
Chicken mole enchiladas are my HG.
Don't know how she gets the chicken so tender.
This is not a chain restaurant.
No one is rushing you or pushing you to rack up your tab.
It's tucked away on the SW corner next to the closed down AJs, so a little out of the way.
But if you're looking for an authentic experience, give them a try.

Stopped in for a business lunch and was pleasantly surprised.
The food was great as well as large portions.
**.
This place is a hidden gem for mexican food.
***.
With the AJ's closed next door now it can be missed.
- all of my business associates as well as I  were extremely pleased with the food, service, and the price.
-- salsa is fantastic.

Yummy!
While waiting to get our nails done, my friend and I happened upon El Conquistador...I ordered the Carne Asada ala Tampiquena and horchata.
The little lady (from previous reviews I'm assuming it must be the lovely Maria) that runs the place is a hoot!
The homemade salsa is fabulous, and the flavor of the carne asada is incredible.
She is a great cook!
The atmosphere is pretty laid back, we were there around 6 or so on a Saturday night and it wasn't very busy...but it should be!
Prices are reasonable, the food is delicious...I'm happy we wandered in!

El Conquistador serves  wonderful, fresh Jalisco-style Mexican food.
All of the food is made fresh daily.
Mark and Maria, the owners, are very friendly  and it feels like you're eating at their home.
The chile rellenos are to die for as is the tortilla soup.
if the restaurant is busy, you might have to wait a little while but the food is well worth it!

Ok in my review you will see the use of "great flavor" over and over because that was about all that came to mind.
This is a great mom and pop place where you feel like family.
One of the owners talked with our table like he knew us for years even though he just met us.
The salsa tastes fresh and flavorful and chips were nice and crisp, very much home made.
I ordered the soft taco Carne Asada plate with rice and beans.
Rice and beans tasted very authentic with great flavor.
Carne Asada wasn't dried out like most places and had a nice flavor as well.
We'll definitely be back!

My boyfriend and I visited this place for the first time today.
It was fabulous!
My boyfriend is a VERY picky eater.
Well, he finished everything on his plate.
I had the fajitas and I loved it.
The owners are wonderful, friendly people.
We enjoyed the food and talking to them.
I never write reviews but this little hidden gem has great authentic Mexican food!
Check it out for yourself.
The owners, Mark and Maria, will make you feel right at home.

I live in the neighborhood and am a staunch supporter of supporting local businesses.
Read the good reviews and decided to give  this place a try with my partner and our two kids.
I'm sitting at Macayo's as I type this.
After arriving at Conquistadors, we seated ourselves in a booth and waited...and waited...finally a grumpy older gentleman, I assume the owner, arrived to slam down menus and walk away.
Nothing after that.
We waited for more than 10 more minutes before leaving.
Wow.
Not a Welcome, no offer of drinks or chips,.
Hmmm.
I am wondering if it is due to my family make-up but won't go so far to say that in 2014 there is a homophobic restaurant less than a mile from my Moon Valley home.
That would be disappointing.
I wouldn't jump to this conclusion if he had not been so rude and they were busier to where they had a reason to blatantly ignore our table.
It's too bad.
I was in the mood for the rumored good Mexican.
Not returning here and everyone I know will hear about it.

This was the first time I have been to conquistador.
I am torn on my rating and I wish there was a half star option.
With that being said I had to choose 3 stars.
The food was very good and it was freshly made.
I ordered the carne asada burrito with beans and rice.
I have zero complaints with my order.
The steak was tender, burrito was fresh, and the rice and beans were great.
Our server was an older man who was nice, although it almost seemed like he was trying not to be.
Maybe he is the owner and mad that he is working and can't find good help?
We waited nearly 10 minutes to get water to the table and in az that's just no good.
One bowl of chips and salsa arrived at our table 5 minutes after the water.
In a Mexican food restaurant if this is promised in the menu please get it to the table.
No water refill and no chip refill.
Food=good  Service=could improve  Nice neighborhood place that I hope survives.
I will give it another try and hope for more.

This place is a complete disaster.
I went there with my wife and my 2 year old daughter and when we arrived the restaurant was very busy.
After sitting down for five minutes we finally got menus & after ten minutes waters and chips and salsa was delivered to the table.
This seems to be a constant theme if you read the reviews on this restaurant.
After fifteen minutes a lady server came to take our drink order, drinks were brought quickly and then she took our food order.
Food took about 25 minutes and when it was delivered my refried beans were cold as if they were taken right from the can and my chimichanga was luke warm at best.
My wife's food was OK according to her.
I tried to get her attention for the refried beans but she would not even look at our table as she WAS THE ONLY SERVER ON IN A FULL RESTAURANT.
She never checked on our food and since she never went back to our table I had to walk up to the counter for a refill on our drinks.
All the while she never came back or acknowledged our table for the rest of the meal.
I have never experienced this ever in a restaurant and we were really disappointed.
Since she wouldn't come back to our table and this fiasco was well over an hour and a half we said we would leave them $20 and call it a day.
They should have comped our meal anyways but I would at least give them the food cost.
I was loading my daughter in her car seat when the server whom I had not spoke with or made eye contact for sixty minutes came out to our car and asked me what was wrong.
Well where to start?
Horrible service, bad/cold food, having to get our own drinks, etc....Anyways I told her each one of these things and she literally poked me in the chest and told me to leave or else she was going to call the cops.
I told her at that point to go ahead and call the cops.
She then went inside and we left.
Oh and I did offer to pay for the balance I was relieved that someone actually cared but way too late.
Anyways if you want bad/non existent service, bad/moderate food, chasing your own drinks & not having a server ever check on your table while you are dining then this is the place for you

This place is wonderful.
They would have gotten five stars but the salsa was not too wonderful.
The owners are super friendly though and the dinner was great.
Had chile rellenos the first time and a vegetarian burrito the second.
The burrito was gigantic!

Came here by chance one weekday evening.
Nice casual atmosphere, friendly service.
The salsa is hot, the menu is small and concise.
I ordered the carnitas tacos, my girlfriend had the carne asada tacos.
Both orders came out quickly.
The rice was especially good.
My pork was a little tough but had a really good flavor.
Her steak was also tough but had a good flavor as well.
Not much to complain about.
Very reasonable prices, good service.
Good food.
Not stellar but worth a trip for sure.

Food is hands down delicious!
Service is slow and sometimes rude.
They are bad with answering their phones & bad at realizing there are people in the restaraunt!
I the service was better I would give it 5 stars!

I'm originally from Indiana, and so I'm a gringo transplant.
That means my tolerance for spice tends to be a bit on the lower side.
El Conquistador's food was spicy, but it was so delicious I couldn't stop eating.
I'm not certain what food some of the reviewers were eating, as it was very obvious to me that nearly EVERYTHING we were served was freshly prepared and made in-store.
There were four of us in our party.
I ordered the carne asada ala tampiquen, which came with a cheese enchilada (I got the green sauce), cebollitas, rice, and beans; roommate 1 (a New Mexican native) got the pork chile verde, while roommate 2 and roommate 3 got a carnitas burrito enchilada-style with red sauce.
Before getting into the food, I'll point out the reason why I'm giving a 4 instead of a 5: The service.
Now, the older gentleman to whom other reviewers refer was there, as was his wife (I'm assuming they're the owners), and they were both very friendly, but refills on our iced tea were a bit slow.
I can't mark them down more than a star for that, though.
On to the food!
Chips and salsa are standard Mexican restaurant fare.
El Conquistador only does one bowl per couple per table complimentary, and I'm fine with that.
The two salsas provided were both very fresca; I loved the fact that the chunkier salsa used Mexican oregano rather than cilantro, as it gave it a very rich taste.
The other salsa was good but different - it almost tasted perhaps like it had a bit of bitter chocolate in it, which wouldn't surprise me given the region.
My steak tampiqueña was perfectly-cooked and seasoned, and paired nicely with charred green onion on the hot flour tortillas provided.
The guacamole on the side was very obviously fresh (you could smell the avocado, and it had a nice amount of lime juice - something I prefer in my guacamole).
The cheese enchilada was velvety and delicious, and the green sauce on it had so much flavor to go along with the heat that even these gringo couldn't stop eating it.
The rice also had a good flavor, and the beans had a nice texture and a fresh taste.
I did get to try a bite of the pork chile verde, and it was succulent and spicy - seemed obvious that it had probably been cooking away for several hours, it was so tender.
I did not try the carnitas burro but I did try the red sauce.
I'm not generally a huge fan of red sauce, because to me it often seems like the cooks try to cover up a bad base sauce with too much chipotle and\or heat.
But this red sauce was amazing - it had a delicious fresh tomato-y tang to it and just the right amount of spice.
I'm glad that I decided to check Yelp and give this place a try, because I think it's now my new favorite Mexican restaurant in the neighborhood.

My mom was in town visiting and we were both craving Mexican food.
We stumbled on the place by accident, but it was actually very very good.
We seated ourselves in the bar, chips and salsa were delivered to our table in less thank two minutes.
Our server was a little busy but we didn't mind, we were busy catching up.
Food was very good!
I had chicken fajitas and my mom had some type of enchiladas and we both had a margarita.
Ordered a burrito to go for my husband, he demolished the whole thing.
We will definitely return!

