Khushi's has recently moved here from Victoria Street, and it's easy to see why it's doing so well.
Yes, it's true that Edinburgh has more than it's fair share of easy-on-the-pennies indian restaurants to choose from, but this place definitely ranks among the better ones.
Even just from walking past the door, the smell alone makes you hungry.
It mainly caters for groups of students - it's the obvious choice for sports teams on their nights out or birthday meals, largely because they don't charge any corkage for bringing your own wine and beer (spirits aren't allowed).
If you're not boozing, then you have to try their home-made fruit juice creations...
I went for the Cucumber, Mint and Rock Salt, and although it sounds more than a little bit weird it was actually really tasty!
The carrot and orange was a close second place.
The starters will set you back £3-5 each, and you could do a lot worse than the Sunhari Jhinga (king prawns fried in spiced batter... crispy and amazing).
The mains range from £7-12, although they're not hugely imaginative - all the predictable dishes you'd expect to find on the menu in an Indian place.
Being predictable, however, doesn't stop them from being delicious.

I have a bit of a grudge against Khushi's - in its old incarnation of Victoria Street a kitchen fire burnt down one of my favourate bars next door.
So grr.
Anyway, me and a party of 27 others turned up to Khishi's to celebrate with a curry and a few drinks with the bring your own bottle policy that they have at Khushi's.
The restaurant is suprisingly big, being able to easily cater to such a huge group - and it is really modern looking inside, which is a nice change to other Indian restaurants I have been in.
The staff were incredably friendly, helpful and just generally nice - as well as being excellently efficient and fast as we ordered from our menu's, which had a large selection of traditional and modern indian dishes.
When our food arrived I was over joyed - it tasted fabulous and the portions were the perfect size for me.
Sides such as rice and naan were also great, if a bit small and stingy.
Anyway, Khushis's has more than made up for burning down that bar - by providing great food, good atmosphere and an excellent night overall!

After a dramatic burn down of this large restaurant on Victoria Street, they reopened a smaller version quite close to the university central campus.
It's still managed to keep its good quality Indian food, I am a particular fan of the chicken bryanny and added to this it there is a BYOB policy with no cork free!
On rugby nights or weekend nights I would suggest you book in advance.
Also don't give in to the sometimes pushy waiters who want you to order more than you want or make choices too fast.
Also the low ceilings make it quite noisy so sit in the lower room if you get a chance!

This is yet another four star because Kushi's is pretty good.
The fact that it has a BYOB policy makes it ideal for big group meals prior to nights out.
I came here with a large group of friends once last year on a Friday evening and the place was heaving with both floors full and roaring noise.
The service was pretty slow because of this and we were waiting for at least 45 minutes for our main courses to arrive.
I opted for the lamb bhuna with rice and a plain naan which was delicious and the portion was ample for a night on the tiles.
My friend ordered the tandoori chicken which just about blew her head off with the heat of the chillies.
Most of their mains cost about £8 and the sides are all pretty well priced, making it a relatively cheap evening out.
Khushi's offers great food in a lively, comfortable atmosphere which is ideal for a fun, tasty group meal.

Deep flavour, not at all greasy, just fanastic food.
Very nice/good service (patient, even with a group of knackered drunken-but-not-rowdy designers), inexpensive, and BYO.
What's not to like?

Khushi's has been serving Indian food to Edinburgh residents since 1947, so is woven in to the fabric of the city.
This new place sticks to their tried, tested and trusted formula.
Overall, we said: "This isn't a new restaurant at all.
It's the same old Khushi's.
If you like it, and loads of people do, you're going to be delighted with this new outlet.
For me it's ordinary and doesn't provide anything fresh...It's so well-established in the Edinburgh dining consciousness that I'm confident it will continue to be a successful business in its new location.
I can't see me paying a repeat visit anytime soon, though, as it lacks any spark to raise it above being merely OK."

Despite living in Edinburgh for almost 4 years, I hadn't made it to any of the infamous Khushi restaurants so decided to pay a visit for my birthday night out.
I had a booking for 10 people, for a two hour slot, and was quite surprised at just how busy it was for a week night between Christmas and New Years.
The Khushi reputation clearly drives a great trade....   Having made an "executive" decision to dine from the Christmas set menu (£18.95 pp), minimising the agonies  of making a selection from the vast a-la carte and the squabbles over "who had what" when it came to paying the bill, I was very impressed with the selection (and quantity) of the offering.
A pre-starter of Pickles and Popadoms kept us going while we waited for the last few of the party to arrive, followed by a variety of starters including the typical Chicken Tikka, Onion Bhajii and Pakora.
The main course selection included a tender Lamb Jalfrezi, tasty Fish Curry and Chicken Korma, served with rice and Naan.
There was something to cater for the taste of everyone.
It was a perfect way to try a selection of different dishes.
The food was served buffet style and there was plenty to go around, I'd be surprised if anyone could have managed dessert after such a feast.
Coupled with the BYOB offering with no corkage charge, the night was a success....great value for money.
My only niggle would be the constant reminder from the waiting staff of the two hour booking slot, not only to me but also to some of my guests which I felt added an unnecessary sense of urgency to the experience.
Will definately visit again to dine from the a-la carte menu.

Bah.
You know when you keep giving somewhere just another chance because it used to be good?
Well, I think last night was the night I gave up.
I used to love Khushi's in Victoria Street.
It was a dramatic building, and I had some great food there.
Then it burnt down, and they moved to a fairly boring cellar under the Pear Tree and - I don't know, seemed to lose their way.
Sauces were boring and tasted 'out of a jar', and worse, the staff would positively force feed you to get you out fast.
But I reasoned to myself that I had gone during the festival and at Christmas, and nowhere is at its best when it's so busy.
Finally, Khushi has its new home, in Antigua Place at the top of Leith Walk.
It's taken over a big space that used to be Massimo's (I miss Massimo's), and from the outside it looks bright and cheerful and the place-to-be.
So last night I called and asked for a reservation for four.
They had a table, though we'd have to be out in 90 minutes.
That seemed fair, we just wanted a quick meal.
From the second we arrived, though, it all went wrong.
We were shown into a bare 'overspill' room off to the side, harassed to order fast, and then the unsmiling waiter announced that he'd 'bring your starters and mains at the same time, because you have to be out soon'.
Charming...  And so he did, slapped everything down and off he went, to practise his lack of social skills on someone else.
The food was okay, I suppose - fish pakora were tasty, the veg pakora a bit dry for my liking.
My tandoori monkfish - I've had it before there and loved it, but last night it was a bit overcooked.
And... maybe not actually monkfish?
The texture just wasn't quite right so I was suspicious.
Anyway, we ate, we got full.
Mostly it was basic British Indian food in over-creamy sauces.
And we were finished long before the time they were due to throw us out.
There are too many good restaurants in Edinburgh to have to put up with actively rude service.
I've had enough, and won't be back.

What did the inflatable headmaster say to the inflatable student in the inflatable school?
"You've let me down, you've let the school down and you've let yourself down.
"  That's how I feel about my visit to Khushi's.
What a disappointment.
I really liked the old Khushi's on Victoria St, unless I'm looking back with rose-tinted taste buds.
Certainly the building was beautiful and lent the whole experience a degree of elegance.
Well, at least as much elegance as you can muster while staggering up the stairs clutching your plastic bag overflowing with BYOB contributions.
I have fond memories of the food there but it seems a long time now since that place burned down (what's happening with that space, anyway?).
I went once to their temporary location where the food was bad and the service worse.
I wasn't sure if I wanted to go back but since they opened their new restaurant at the top of Leith Walk, it looked more stylish and back to the original vibe.
I was sad to see Massimo close down though, as I was impressed both times I went there.
I guess I should have gone more often, but it's a funny location at the top of the walk.
Kind of on the way somewhere but neither here nor there.
Intermediate but not central (as we say in the geography biz).
It works for the cheap and crappy Indian (and other sub-continental) and Italian places there who grab the pre-theatre cheapskates but it's not an easy location to make a go of a high quality (and matching price) establishment.
So.
The new place looks nice from the outside, but inside it feels a bit more like a pile 'em high and sell 'em cheap kind of place.
And that's how they treat you.
See Gillian's review for more detail.
We knew when we booked that we only had 90 minutes, which was fine, but they really rushed us and not in a friendly way.
It was just rude.
And he told us the starters would come with the mains because we had to be out.
Didn't ask us, or make it friendly or anything.
Come on, how long does it take to cook, serve and eat a few pakora?
As it turned out, we finished with plenty of time to spare.
The food was decent.
Quite reliable quality but nothing out of the ordinary.
And continued rude service throughout the meal.
There are so many good Indian, Bangladeshi, etc.
restaurants in Edinburgh, why would we go back to a place like this?
A. I think you already know the answer.

I was very dubious about trying Khushis again.
I used to be a dedicated follower and must have gone at least every couple of months without fail for years.
Until the old restaurant opened on Victoria Street that is and the quality of the food as well as service just went straight down the hill!
The last time I went I had a disastrous meal involving raw prawns and a chicken bone which although the head chef himself came out to see what was going on as he could see that we were not happy, instead of helping turn out experience round for the better he just decided to conceal the evidence and walk away without so much as an apology!!!
Needless to say I never went back.
However, I don't hold too much of a grudge and am willing to give out second chances so when the new restaurant opened on Antigua Street I pondered over whether to try it or not.
I have to say though, I'm definitely glad I did!!!
Although I was nervous when walking through the door the friendly and attentive staff put me at ease quickly.
This setting is lovely.
Although the other one was really swanky Antigua Street restaurant has still managed to keep that element alive but with a more cosy atmosphere rather than the cold and open feel the old place had.
The ceiling is full of glass lanterns which fill the place with colour and sparkle.
That's not the only colourful thing about the place though.
The new and improved menu is amazing - they have far more fish courses than I remember and the Baltic curries come in a clay pot with an Indian bread lid which look delightful.
The quality is back up to scratch and the prices not half bad either for curries ranging from £6+!!!
But lets not forget about the deal breaker here - it is BRING YOUR OWN BOTTLE and one of the only B.Y.O.B.s in Edinburgh that doesn't charge corkage!!!
Your purse will thank you so go for it...

In yet another incarnation Khushi's is now on the site of what was previously an Italian called Massimo's whilst the burnt out branch on Victoria Street is on the market.
Having only ever eaten in the defunct one once about 6 years ago comparisons are probably pointless but one thing that did strike me was that the range of dishes available seems to be smaller nowadays.
I imagine you could get a vindaloo if you asked for one but that and a few other types of curry don't feature on the menu it seems so you might want to try elsewhere if in search of something particularly hot.
Possibly that's a sign of authenticity.
Either way the party of 6 I was in with on Saturday past had no complaints about our respective dishes, the knowledgeable & speedy service or the highly sensible policy of not charging for corkage.
Not maybe the place to go for a quiet and intimate tete a tete but you could do a lot worse in most other aspects.

The food was excellent BUT the service was abrupt and rushed.
Could have spoiled what was a brilliant evening with friends.

Was recommended to this place by my friends who are actually from India...
I expected authenticity and wasn't let down in the food department.
The place is dimly lit and nicely decorated to reflect its heritage... (which reminds me, I really must find chandeliers similar to the ones found in Khushi, they are very pretty!
)   The portions are small, which makes the prices appear slightly steep.
The food (We had naan and lamb biryani) tastes pretty decent, but my friends didn't enjoy the service and the staff as they put on too much of a "show".
I thought it was manageable and let that slide.
All in all, if you have the right company and are craving for indian food, this place is pretty ok.

Okay overall - nasty burnt garlic in sag paneer (big points off) but naan was good.
Mango lassi was great.
The sign on the door about beer & wine was confusing - I thought it meant they had only beer & wine and no cocktails.
But it actually means there is no alcohol - you can bring your own, but only beer and wine.
The decor is very nice.

I've eat  a grat fish, fresh, a good curry, bread and fresh and cruncy salad, the weiter was polite and useful , he knew all his dishes.
Clean place, floor and chear, good service.
Thank you , Giuseppe.

Whenever I walk past this restaurant, it is always packed.
I have always wondered why.
Now I know :)  It was a Friday evening and my friend suggested we have dinner here.
We were offered a 6.30 booking and the restaurant was already full when I arrived.
A waiter asked if we wanted poppadoms to start with, sure why not.
They were accompanied with 2 dips: mango chutney and a spicy onion dip (?
) - real kick to it.
I had a mixed grill for my main course.
It is a mixed platter of chicken tikka, prawn, lamb chop and seekh kebab.
The chicken tikka was my favourite - I didn't know chicken can be so melt in the mouth stuff!
The platter came with a simple chickpea salad and we shared a naan bread.
The service at times felt a bit rushed.
I'm not sure if this is because they really are so popular (e.g.
a couple could not get a table as they had no reservation) and it was a Friday.
Howerver the food was nice.
Khushi's has a BYOB policy and no corkage charge which possibly is another factor to their popularity.

Lamb Kahrahi was amazing!
Very busy night during Hogmanay week yet we got seated quicker than originally stated.
Garlic naan was excellent.
While they don't serve alcohol they do allow BYOB and will supply glasses.

Visiting from California we came across Khushi's as we wandered around the city.
The pakoras were great and flavorful but the three veggie mains we had were spicy (hot) but otherwise bland.
The service was inconsistent and impatient (it's a bustling place).
We asked for advice from the waiter on the size of the portions yet still ended up with too much food.
Perhaps it is popular because they let you byob at no charge.
So if I lived here I might give it another try but I would imagine there are better options for Indian food.

