Friendly service and what seemed to be good sale prices.
I'll be doing a bit more shopping in this next week to decide if this is the place to buy a safe or if my money's better spent elsewhere, so far they're in the lead.

I recently purchased my first safe from Lana and Don at The Safekeeper here on Rainbow Blvd.
in Las Vegas.
I must say what an overwhelming experience it was, but with Lana's knowledge of products, patience and a true concern for customer service and satisfaction, it turned out to be a wonderful and satisfying experience.
If you have ever done any research on safes you will find that there are so many to choose from and the options are endless.
I met Lana at The Safekeeper, just looking...  Then again at the Gun show at the Cashman Center, where she spent over an hour with me and my wife going over several safes she had there.
Still undecided, she invited us to come visit the store again so that we could compare more models.
We did visit The Safekeeper again and every safe we looked at made it more difficult to choose.
As I said earlier there are so many different safes and options, I just had to narrow down the most important features to me.
I gave Lana my budget and options and she pointed me to 2 different safes trying to narrow it down.
That made it a lot easier to choose although I did go over budget..  Once I made my selection, Lana gave me a great deal on price, delivery and installation.
The sale was finalized.
We scheduled the delivery appointment and Don and his son had the safe installed perfectly in about a half hour.
I am extremely thrilled with their service, products and knowledge.
If you are ever in the market for a great safe from a reputable Company and owners, I highly recommend Lana and Don at The Safekeeper.
I also want to thank Jeff and Bruce for their assistance at the Gun show and at the store.
Great People, Safes and Highly recommended!!!
A new and satisfied safe owner and customer for life, Mike G.

a large variety of safes to chose from- anything to fit your needs.
good prices very knowledgeable and friendly service.
They were very patient with all of our questions.

NOT PROFESSIONAL ON MANY LEVELS, DO NOT HIRE THEM TO MOVE OR INSTALL YOUR SAFES.
I hired The Safe Keeper to move a couple of safes, expecting a bit more professionalism than asking friend to help out.
I received neither.
Upon making my first call, they claimed that they were the only company in town to move saves, which is completely untrue.
They set me up with a quote and then an appointment, then cancelled the appointment at.the.last.minute, and moved it into the next week.
The owner had a nasty attitude with me when I complained that I had taken the time to wait for them and it was putting my family in a bind to do it later.
In addition, I had a contractor scheduled to be in my home renovating where the safes were that weekend.
I should have had the foresight not to hire them at this point, and the patience to just wait for another mover to do it for me at a later time.
Finally getting down to the actual move, the owner, yes the owner!
scratched, dented, and broke my brand new laminate flooring (hence the reason I didn't have friends come and do it).
Then, scooted out the door as fast as he could, like the weasel he is.
So now I'm left with a mess to clean up.

I had to have two 900 pound safes moved to a different location.
They gave me a discount on the 2nd safe (a couple of companies, just doubled the price).
Let me start by stating that a friend who claimed to be a professional mover and was capable of moving them, well they were left on their sides when that experience was over.
So I called around and chose The Safe Keeper.
2 guys showed up 15 min early (called first) to the appointment.
They were average built guys and I thought there was no way.
The two of them quickly got the safes back upright.
They used carpet and wood to protect my tiles.
They used a hydraulic lift.
LET ME STRESS THIS POINT: IF A COMPANY DOESN'T USE A HYDRAULIC LIFT DOLLY, STAY AWAY!.
With the proper dolly, they easily moved the safe up and down a few stairs.
No exaggeration, they had both safes in their truck in about 25 minutes.
The drove to the new business location.
LET ME STRESS THIS POINT: THEY LEVELED THE SAFES BEFORE THEY BOLTED THEM TO THE FOUNDATION.
MAKE SURE THE COMPANY PLANS ON MAKING SURE THEY ARE LEVEL WHEN BEFORE THEY LEAVE.
THIS AFFECTS HOW THE DOORS SWAY, OPEN AND CLOSE.
It took about 30 minutes for them to level the safes and bolt them into the concrete.
Both guys were courteous,  professional and answered many of my random questions.
Strongly recommend calling for a quote.
The quote I got over the phone is what I paid when they left.
They said I could pay by cash, check or credit.
Hope this helps.
wish I knew this before I made the "friend" attempt.
Thanks,

Being the first person to write a review for Safekeeper, I feel that I need to write another one after reading the other reviews again and since we moved, needing to move my safe.
I was very hesitant after reading the ONE bad review, but having such a great experience the first time with Lana and Don, I still felt I needed the chance to talk to either of them.
I called the store and talked to Eugene who gave me a quote, but I wanted to talk with Lana or Don so I left my #.
Don called me the next day and I told him I was leery of the move since we were moving to a new home with laminate floors, and I wanted him, (Don) to move my safe.
Don assured me that Terrell has been doing this for years and it would not be a problem.
Don also gave me a discount on Eugene's quote.
The day of the move, Terrell and his co-worker showed up, had the safe unbolted and on the truck in 20 minutes or so.
They brought it to our new home and we discussed the placement.
Once I finalized that, they moved the safe effortlessly and carefully into position and bolted it down.
NO PROBLEMS!
Then they asked for the original amount quoted, but I told them, Don had given me a discount.
Terrell called and confirmed this with Don, again NO PROBLEM!
I again, HIGHLY recommend Safekeeper for any purchase, move or even questions.
Read my first review.
Thanks again Safekkeeper, Satisfied safe owner and customer for life.
Mike G.

Hands down THE best place to buy a safe in Las Vegas.
Biggest variety of safes I have ever seen.
My husband recently got into hunting and so we were looking to get a gun safe.
First of all it's a family owned business which is always lovely to deal with, especially when they know what they are talking about.
Very knowledgable, professional and helpful guys.
It was a pleasure doing business with them.
Would definitely recommend The Safe Keeper to my friends.

I purchased a safe from The Safe Keeper a few months ago.
I got a great deal on a top quality safe.
The installers were very professional and cleaned up any mess that was made.
Great service and great products are what you will find at The Safe Keeper.
They may not be the only safe company in Las Vegas but they are the very best in Las Vegas.

Let me first say that I very rarely write reviews.
After researching gun safes on the internet for a couple months, I was finally ready to make a purchase.
As this was my first gun safe, I wanted to make sure I got what I needed.
I checked what the local big-box stores had to offer, and was left very unimpressed by the quality of the safes offered.
I found an ad for The Safe Keeper on craigslist but kept putting it off as I figured they would be overpriced.
I finally went in about a week ago after exhausting all other options, and I must say that I was very wrong in assuming things.
I was pleasantly surprised at the lack of pressure from anyone in the store to purchase a safe.
And their prices were very reasonable.
Eugene took the time to answer all my questions and show me my options.
He should definitely be given a raise.
I found a safe that I liked, and told Eugene I would make a decision and be back.
After another week of internet research and talking with people, and checking out what a couple other places had to offer, I ended up back at The Safe Keeper.
This time I spoke with an older gentleman, (the owner, I think), and he was just as pleasant as Eugene.
I told him I'd found another brand safe elsewhere and asked for his opinion.
Surprisingly, he gave me an honest opinion and told me that it was also a good quality safe.
In the end, I purchased my new safe from The Safe Keeper and couldn't be happier.
Kudos to the entire crew there.
I will definitely refer any friends to them.
Thank you.

I went to the safe keeper and browsed.
Also went to discount gun safe to look.
I decided on the Dakota DS-42.
$2000 otd w/delivery from Lana at the tent sale in Henderson.
I am very happy with my purchase.
The delivery was very quick about 30min.
I recommend the safe keeper for your security needs.
I have confidence when I leave my firearms and valuables at home now.

Originally I was looking to buy a couple of Liberty Fat Boys and a house safe.
I already have a Liberty Presidential and National among others.
The problem with high capacity gun safes is that you tend to not use the guns in the back because it's a PITA to dig them out and some of my gear won't fit in tight quarters.
At The Safe Keeper they had Summit safes that have this exclusive gun rack system that slides all the way out.
They can be adjusted for number of guns and heights to include shelves and pistol rack.
These safes were on sale and Summit was just upgrading the construction on the safes.
I ordered new ones built to my specifications and they still only charged me the on floor model sale price.
Mine are K2's but I believe they are based on Denali's now.
The model keeps changing because they keep improving it.
I had them build three safes with custom interiors for me with the new Summit specifications.
One with three racks, the other two had shelves with one and two racks.
They couldn't just be delivered as I snowbird and I was going to be out of town so they held the safes for me after they were built.
When I got back they delivered two days after I called for the delivery of the safes.
I had the safes delivered to two different locations with one safe getting bolted down.
They only charged me for the installation of one safe.
I was very satisfied with the installation.
The safes themselves were the best part.
They are built 7 gauge body with up to  1/2" solid door with extremely thick connecting gear.
They are as thick as my Liberties, with better linkage and stainless steel locking bolts - but cost HALF as much.
I repeat I paid half as much for a much better safe.
The Fat Boys are popular, and are nothing more than beefed up gun lockers.
I wanted safes that happen to hold guns.
The racks are a pleasure to use, everything is easy to get at and guns fit no matter how much gear I have on them.
The construction is far superior to the Fat Boys and even better than my Presidential and National safes.
They have an excellent youtube on both the safe featuring the racks and a construction comparison.
They are honest and I have seen it for myself.
I'm glad they saved me from spending more on lesser safes.
No extra fees for putting it all on a credit card (for the mileage points).

