Absolutely amazing service.
I was greated immediately, they were extremely nice.
The office was clean.
Checked in online.
I did the WAHOO (wait at home or office) with this program you wait where you choose and they call you when they have a room ready.
They were very knowledable and personable!
If I ever have the need for urgent care again, you can bet I will be back!!
Thank you!

I've been to this urgent care a few times and have enjoyed it every time I've been.
The place is clean and organized and the Doctor and staff are great.
Last time I was there I was really sick and they had a pharmacy where I could pick my Rx's up there instead of having to go to another place and spread my germs.
I will be returning here the next time I need to.

the employees were nice but I have never been somewhere where they take X-rays that are so Half assed that they don't know if I hav a fracture or not.
what kind of diagnosis is 'u have a possible fracture' ?!?!
then , they should hav wrapped my elbow that night but instead called me the next day  to come back in for a splint!!!
or the girl asked if I had an ace bandage lying around and suggested I could just wrap my arm myself!!
so I went to the 32nd and greenway location for my soft cast and the guy there could not believe she told me to wrap it myself

Seen here twice and I used the WAHOO service each time to cut down on wait time.
It worked very well and I was very satisfied with the speed of getting to see a physician.
If you need x-rays, blood tests, etc, it's all done here so you don't need to take doctor's orders and drive somewhere else to have that taken care of.
I was pleased with the level of care and treatment I got at NextCare and I will be back if the need arises.

Being totally honest here.
I went in on a Sunday, my Dr. wasn't in.
That's where the one star comes in for being open on a Sunday!
Registered on line so I didn't  have to wait in the office, that was 11:00am.
The got back to me and said to come in at 1:40.
They didn't see me until after 3:00.
They say many places in their office to register on line avoid all the waiting yada yada yada.
Finally, I was seen and I said I was ill and think I might have had food poisoning, she said we'll give you Ciprofloxacin for a week.
I was in there for severe diarrhea (the major side effect from Cipro is... diarrhea).
I wasn't aware of that at the time.
I also found out I was never seen by a Doctor, it was a nurse fpn who saw me, didn't ask what I ate or anything and prescribed the meds.
I told her I didn't know for sure what I have and she said well this is how we treat  E coli.
I didn't know you could tell you had Ecoli by looking at someone!!!
Needless to say I got worse after 3 days I called my dr. who was out of town it was a Friday so I had no choice but to call Nextcare back and said I need to speak to a doctor now.
I waited 2 hours for a call back.
When you call you do not get directly to the office, it's a call center or something.
I told them the diarrhea was worse could they prescribe something different?
I waited and waited on the phone finally they said (by the way it was not a doctor I was speaking to it was someone in the office) no you have to finish the antibiotic and also eat a clear fluid diet for the next 48 hours.
If not better call your physician to be seen.
I was so upset at this point and sick and thinking this is just wrong.
I did the clear liquids and finished the meds and honestly I was so sick.
I got in to see my family dr. on  a Monday he said they don't prescribe something like cipro unless you have been ill like that for about 4 days at least, without testing me they didn't know what they were treating me for anyhow.
Then he tells me that if I didn't need Cipro, which he didn't seem to think I did, he thinks it was a stomach flu (viral, not bacterial) you can become seriously ill from taking that antibiotic.
You can get Cdif.
I won't go into details but it is a very serious condition!
So the medicine they gave me made me worse.
I am hoping this all clears up for me and just wanted to write this review to let you know before you go in there.
Too many mistakes for me, I take my health seriously and I think they should too.
I will never go back to this place, never.

I have gone to the NextCare on Northern a number of times and each time I've been very happy with the service but this location is NOT pleasant.
First, we walked in the door to be blasted with the heat of the office.
It's 50 degrees outside and 85 inside.
If that is not bad enough the African American girl behind the desk was a smoker and you could smell her from the front door.
The stench was so strong I had to keep leaving the waiting room because of the cigarette odor.
To make things worse, she got up twice during the time I was waiting and went  outside to smoke more, so each time she came back in the smell in the room just kept getting worse and worse.
The smell traveled all the way down to the waiting rooms after we got in to see the doctor.
This made the whole location seem disgusting and dirty.
Second, as I said it was hot, oppressively hot.
After that they put myself, my wife and my daughter in a 12 by 12 room and closed the door the heat kept building to the point my daughter started to feel light headed.
When I asked them to at least leave the door open, they said it was against hippa laws to leave the door open.
The doctor was fine, but when all got home we all had to take a shower and put our clothes straight into the washing machine.
This visit left my family and I completely grossed out.
Not the kind of feeling you want from a medical facility.

I had to go here twice in one weekend and they were fast, friendly, and helped me waaaaay more than the ER did.
They took the time to find out what was wrong with me instead of brushing me off like the NP did at the ER.
I went in first because of pink eye and woke up in the middle of the night a day later with the most severe pain I have ever had in my eye.
Went to the ER and they basically brushed me off saying pink eye doesn't usually present pain like that.
Sent me home still with the pain.
I still could not bear the pain the next day and decided to go back to urgent care instead of the ER.
The PA at Nextcare immediately took my pain seriously, numbed my eye so we could figure out what was wrong and after dying my eye found an abrasion across the front of my eye.
After starting the meds he prescribed I had almost immediate relief and my eye was better after 1 day.
I am so happy I went back.

