One does not go to Starbucks for coffee.
Though some do.
One definitely does not go there for food.
As a matter of fact - I avoid Starbucks whenever I feel like a bite, knowing coffee will just not cut it.
One goes to Starbucks for a meeting, chat, or internet.
Internet is free.
Location convienient, albeit timing makes all the diference.The place can be packed easily with working crowd - at times suits, at times students.
There is a lot of light and sockets.
You are better off in the mornings there.
Good.
Solid.
Reliable.
Am I talking the place or the coffee?
Probably both.

I think you always know what you're going to get with Starbucks.
The cafes all have the same look to them, there's comfy enough seating, and the coffee, etc.
does the job.
I do like when they have the flavoured lattes at Christmas though!
I met the friendliest staff in this particular Starbucks today and I was really impressed.
It takes so little to give good customer service, but all three staff engaged me in conversation.
It left me with a smile on my face, and would make me go back again.

This was the closest starbucks to the apartment we were staying in, in Edinburgh.
I like starbucks, b/c I'm dairy free, and i'm almost guaranteed that they will have soy milk or some other dairy alternative.
I'm thankful I found this location, it helped make my vacation better.
Love.

Poor place.
Coffee in paper cups inside.
My wife had a muffin given to her in a bag.
Door open freezing cold.
Dirty tables.
Just glad to get out of the place.
It was a midden.

Its Starbucks so either you hate it or love it.
In my case I love it.
I worked there after uni  years ago and nothing taste more like home then a soy carmel macchiato.
So while I realise their a corporate company and their pastries may be over priced for not being the most amazing things ever...
I still LOVE their coffee!
And I like  knowing that it will taste the same no matter what Starbucks I go to, and that the service will be friendly and seating inviting.
Since I don't live in Edinburgh but I'm here 3 days out of my week for Grad school and placement a Starbucks is a Welcoming place for me to spend a hour or 2 while I wait for a friend or the train.
And this Starbucks is great b/c it has HUGE windows ( instead of walls) and it looks out on the city , great people watching spot.

The Cube Starbucks.
Where to start....
Such a pleasant visit.
A few misunderstandings with new staff.
But manager ( if she wasn't she ought be!
) Ali professionally and adeptly sorted it all out.
I must sing her praises in her listening and hearing/deciphering my confusion.
Bless each of the 2 lads.
Both lovely, one newer than the other, and  I could see giving 150% to their jobs.
Stellar chaps.
Good hiring.
Ali was truly, is, genuine and sincere, calm and was quick to offer a complimentary drink token to smooth things.
To be honest I wasn't feeling bristly  ( and read my other reviews and I can get super vexed!).
The discerning way Ali chose to give her customer service impressed me deeply.
I will visit again.
Thank you.

