Great service.
Fast and quick.
Really take good car of your vehicle.
Definitely coming back for service.

I was referred to this shop by a friend of mind.
They did  an outstanding job on my car.
Johnny was very honest and up front about everything.
They never wavier ed on the prices.
I would recommended this place to anyone.
Great service.

Trustworthy and honest work!!!
Very detailed!
Owner and staff are all very nice and informative!

Best by far... Great prices, great work & great owner.
These guys are the most honest mechanics out there.
Don't get jacked by those other guys, better yet- go get a quote from those other guys & take that quote over to Auto MD and I guarantee that they will beat that sh*t!!
Hands down!

If I could I would give this place 0 stars.
They are seriously the worst establishment I have ever been to.
My car broke down in front of their shop, smoking and they told me they may need to replace my engine for 2000 bucks.
A week later turns out my car had apparent leaks and now will be fixing it.
After "fixing" the axle leak and replacing the liquids they mentioned the transmission was clinging which didn't do before.
(understandable sense it was an older car) After deciding on picking it up and getting a second look I took it back literally 3 blocks back to my friend's house where it was smoking like a chimney!
The new mechanic from a reliable source CAME to the house to check out the car and apparently they forgot to put the power steering and water pump belt back on/never even notice it was missing in the first place.
Calling the manager right away about my discover in a calm tone he laughed at me like i was kidding and saying i was lying!
Why would the new mechanic lie about something so obvious!
Plus the leaks were still dripping!!!
I paid round $420 to have the same issues plus more issues.
I wish i could say they warned me on my transmission, but even then their cost was outrageous sense they only do business with only two companies.
Telling me to go dumpster diving for a part in fact is rude (but something i am not against to but would rather have something with a warranty)when there are other companies to check into besides their own.
When i first met the manager he never made eye contact with me and only discussed the car with my male friend who was only there to come pick me up and no association with the car what so ever.
The manager Johnny knew for a FACT it was MY car.
The sexist bastard even took the scenario outside his head to see how i would react by saying "i am going to help you like you are my girlfriend" before quickly realizing my funny face and adding "daughter, or family" the whole situation was rude the entire time.
Making me wait 3 hours to get a say if they are capable of just dealing with my car or not.
Not figuring out what is wrong just making me wait just to tell me they will take it in.
He even mentioned "if the mechanic was younger i would tell him to date you so you can get your car done for free"  I can deal with the manager mentioning to a customer who thought i was smart enough to run some of the office work and was suggesting if he needed an extra hand just to hire me.
(Fyi i did not have any intention to work at a mechanic shop)The manager's response was typical for a man who comes from a foreign country who doesn't understand the line between man and woman isn't on a slope where the man is on the top part of the hill and the woman is on the bottom.
Long story long...
This place sucks and needs a new manager.
Someone who actually has car experience instead of just diddling like a nerd on his computer.
Because real "men" belong in the shop.

