Quality work at the most reasonable prices anywhere,    In the past year we have had all of our old school VHS, VHS-C and 8mm videotapes transferred to DVD format.
Technicians edit and correct scenes (remember those minutes on VHS when you forgot to turn off the camera and shot footage of the ground ??
)    Employees carefully mark media according to customer preferences and call to verify if/when they have questions during the transfer process - something we've not experienced with other transfer services   TFL gives the customer an accurate time frame to expect work completed and original media, for those who still want to keep it, is returned in the same condition as it was brought in.
We certainly would recommend this company to anyone considering preserving / digitizing VHS formats.
The website is helpful and informative as well

Businesses often talk about a desire to create raving fans, yet rarely put forth the effort to create such a customer.
Transfer for less has made me a raving fan!
This business gives their customers a full experience; from a cheerful welcome, to a considerate, final touch on the work that was done.
I had 34 VHS-C and various other tapes, where childhood memories were locked away, but thanks to the help from Jared and his team, these memories were unlocked and a joy to share with new members of my life!
Thank you Transfer for Less for a job well done!

Needed a last minute video made for my husbands funeral and hired them to make it.
When we got there to pick it up they were closed.
Today I went to pick it up and the girl was snotty and said she waited for me to pick it up and that she called me and my phone rang twice then nothing.
Really?
Misdial?
Hang up and call again!
The funeral is over, It's too late.
And she was snotty and didn't even say thank you after I paid!
Very insensitive!
I was a wreck on the day of the funeral and she could have tried to make sure I got at least a phone call letting us know they were closing.
The worst part was her attitude today!

I had a few educational tapes transferred to DVD, and I love that this company is local and does everything in house.
No worries about my stuff being lost!
Prices are reasonable and my DVD's were delivered in about a week.
My only complaint is that I've been watching for a sale but haven't seen one in a few weeks.

