I saw this advertised through groupon and figured I would give it a try.
That in itself was a break through.
Group classes are out of my comfort zone.
I have no coordination, can't do two things at once, I'm shy,  and have no tolerance for the Snobby people who typically hang out in group classes with their cliques.
In any case, I did purchase and signed up for first class online (the online system is very simple to use, classes are listed by week, your attendance is logged).
I arrived for my first class which was a 5:45 class, i was nervous but excited.
My first run in was with a snobby lady (a client) and I almost turned right around there.
I decided against and went in - Dawn Hardas, the owner of this location was at the front desk and she was very welcoming.
I filled out the paperwork, took a tour with Dawn and then waited for class to start.
The next hour flew by - we did small movements of contracting / releasing muscles - in forms of yoga, pilates, barre, and orthopedic moves.
This isn't a cardio workout, but I certainly had my heart rate up at times.
My body was also shaking and thought possibly I might die a few times.
Dawn was very upbeat - kept the class moving and was engaged to ensure you were in the correct position.
I had purchased a 3 class package through groupon and once I had completed those classes I signed up for the new client unlimited month of $100  - which is an amazing deal since a regular class is $20.
I went 8 times during my unlimited month - wish I could have taken advantage of more, but with the holidays I was lucky to get that many done.
I have a bad lower back and need to keep my core muscles in shape - I wasn't doing my physical therapy excercises at home and have found that this method is great.
I have gone a total of 11 times over the past month and half and even with that inconsistency I have seen a major improvement in my strength, flexibility, and posture.
I have taken classes with almost all the instructors at this location and all of them are great.
All upbeat, all helpful, they push you, but not in an obnoxious way.
You paid for the classes, so they ensure you get what you paid for.
They know somedays you are stronger than other days and you can work at different levels within each pose.
what is also great is that you are so focused on the excercises, the position of your body, etc that your mind is clear for an hour.
I don't think about work, chores, or anything during this time.
I feel refreshed and amazing at the end of each class.
The studio is clean, bright, and new.
Just purchased another package and looking forward (yes looking forward) to my class tonight!
So give it a try - and come say hi to me - i won't be snobby!

This class is the perfect class for busy women.
I am a physician who finds it difficult to carve out time for myself.
They have a range of class times that allow for easy attendance.
Dawn, the owner is energetic and enthusiastic.
The classes are an amazing workout.
Within 2 weeks, you will see an improvement in your posture, balance and firmness.
The class is filled with different women of all ages and body types.
There is no need to feel self conscious because you are encouraged to listen to your body and to take the exercise to a challenging level and not to pain.
The teachers are very helpful and guide you to do the correct movements.
I have been coming to Dailey Method for over a year and so far, this is the only exercise I found that doesn't get boring or hurt me in any way.
The space is beautifully appointed and zen like.
It is clean, spacious and conveniently located.
I recommend the Dailey Method to many of my patients and colleagues.

I've been going here for a couple of months and I enjoy it quite a bit.
The studio is clean and bright, very inviting.
Everyone I've interacted with here is very nice, the staff as well as the other customers.
The times for the classes are convienent and I've been to both morning weekend classes and afternoon weekday classes.
The class itself is very challenging with small controlled moves designed to tone and create lean muscle.
The instructors are good at adjusting you to make sure you are in the correct form.
I do sweat in class and my muscles burn!

