Its great.
The ambience is amazing just like the original Brocach.
The menu seems awesome as the other one.
We went for brunch and it was great.
We were greeted by the hostess & the manager.
Then the watiress had good service too.
Everyone enjoyed their food, the fried cheese sandwich looked the best, even though I didn't have it.
We had a good eggs benedict with ham, seasoned with rosemary.
Our only gripe was that the eggs were pretty runny, but hey they are new, and it was New Years so I kept 5 stars for having a great staff at 10 AM even after Madison New Years Celebrations.

Very cozy, family-friendly atmosphere with great Irish/pub food.
Took our daughters with us who are 5 and 8 and they loved it.
I had the Bangers and Mash and my wife had the Fish and Chips and both were delicious.
Generous portion sizes.
I only ate half of mine and took the rest home for lunch the next day.
Both the kids had Mac and Cheese and it wasn't some Kraft and Mac N Cheese, but homemade.
Ice Cream is included in the kid's meals which was a hit.
Service was prompt and friendly and the food came out fast.
Brocach on Monroe St has  a great atmosphere whether you have kids or not and we'll definitely be going back.

We've gone to the Brocach on the Square a few times, loving it at first and then being let down a few times.
It's been okay, but we stopped saying, "Oh!
Let's go to Brocach!
" Today, we found ourselves in front of a closed Trader Joe's for Easter, so we decided to get dinner instead, and Brocach was the only place open.
We kind of trudged in and waltzed out!
The food was great here.
I loved the decor -- the high tables and big booths were so luxurious.
First I got a cup of the vegetarian potato leek soup, which was lovely.
Derek got the rosemary and salt wings which he devoured.
The mac n cheese sounded great, but it had kielbasa in it so I decided to try something else (though the waitress said that it's super easy to take it off).
Derek got the mac n cheese instead.
IT WAS SO GOOD.
I am used to restaurant mac n cheese getting lazy and using the presence of a really creamy-looking dish in place of something that actually tastes good.
Or, adding bread crumbs on top of a pile of bland as hell dish and calling it gourmet.
This dish looked completely unassuming, but the flavors were fantastic.
We kept taking another bite and another bite!
Ugh, yum.
I had the walnut burger which is vegetarian and had artichoke on top of it.
It had cheese or a sauce, I can't remember, and some mixed greens.
With the onion bun, so many great flavors were in my mouth.
Happy camper 100%.
I think next time we want Brocach, we'll head to the Monroe Street location!

Atmoshere is Nice and does not feel as crowded as the one by capitol.
My only disappointment was that the menu is different...but the food was very good.

Fun atmosphere, great menu and food!

The food gets 5 stars -- the server recommended the Shepherd's Pie and it was tasty.
I had to take half of it home because it was such a large serving.My fiancee had the Pesto Chicken Wrap and it was good as well.
The atmosphere also gets 5 stars-- a really neat looking interior that I imagine will be really cozy when it gets cooler outside.
The only reason I'm giving it a 4-star review is that 5 or 6 of the on-duty employees decided to congregate around a nearby table when an off-duty employee came in for a visit.
I understand that business was winding down - but we sat with dirty dishes in front of us for 15 minutes while they all chatted it up.
I'm really not that "get off my lawn" kind of angry customer - I'm young and spent many years working in restaurants.
Just know the time and place, staffers -- and try not to make nearby customers feel uncomfortable.

We went here recently on an off hour of about 3 in the afternoon.
Waitress was top notch and professional.
Food was very good and came out quickly, fresh and hot.
Someone in the restaurant almost choked on a bite of food and the waitress and manager showed up right away and handled everything right for the poor fellow.
They brought a glass of water for him and made sure everything was ok.
They didn't overdo it but did just enough and handled the situation so professionally I was really impressed.
Nice to see a place so well run.

Brocach means "badger den" in gaelic.
We wondered if there were any badgers in Ireland... lest you doubt, check out the good folks at http://www.badgerwatch.ie/ doing their best for badger preservation.
Cute pics too.
Irish-American comfort food... you may get pretty comfortable after a pint or two and then some cheese dip (well, we ARE in Wisconsin) and hearty selections like shepherd's pie (wife-endorsed) or the house signature burger - come on, needed some more CHEESE to top off that BEEEEF!
(in no way diminishing the desire to visit Fromagination)  Friendly service, nice vibe, captured the feel of Irish pubs.
Perfect for all badgers, students and otherwise of all stripes.

I got the shepherd's pie and my friend got the bangers & mash.
The shepherd's pie uses chuck roast I believe so it has nice chunks of beef.
You get quite a bit of food for the price.
The waitstaff was nice and they had a great selection of beer.
This location is a lot less busy than the one on the capitol square.
So, if you don't want to wait, this is a good choice.
The menus are a little different at the different locations.

Tasty Brunch with Big Portions  Jeff and I decided to try something sorta new but sorta familiar.
We went to the newish Brocach on Monroe street for brunch.
Jeff had the Walnut Burger and I had the Benedict.
Jeff's loved his sandwhich and thought the onion roll and artichokes were a good twist.
I also loved my Benedict but it was way too much to love.
With two homemade biscuits, two eggs, two large ham steaks, two pieces of toast, a pile of potatoes, and a fruit cup, this meal could feed 3-4 people...seriously.
The coffee was decent and not offensive, but it wasn't one would hope for in a neighborhood containing many good, local coffee options.
Overall, good stuff.

Went here last night after a recommendation from a friend.
Had a large group of 11 and they were very helpful with assisting us sitting altogether.
The waitress, Kelly, was great.
Very attentive, friendly, and split up our check individually without hesitation or any kinda of disgust (like I see at many other restaurants when asking to split up a large check).
The appetizer came very quickly and was delicious!
All the food was terrific as well and affordable prices as well.
Great atmosphere, comfortable chairs, and less crazy busy than the one downtown.
We will definitely be back here again in the very near future.

I want this place to be great because it's so convenient to my house, and my kids like it.
But it's not great.
I ordered my daughter a brunch off the kids menu:  egg and cheese scrambler with whole wheat toast and a side of fruit.
What came was an egg and cheese scrambler with white toast and a heaping helping of fried potatoes.
Our waiter was perfectly nice about it -- when I asked her about the fruit, she looked at the menu, agreed it was supposed to come with fruit, and brought out a plate of fruit.
And when I asked her about the toast, she brought out some whole wheat toast.
Still, it's troublesome when what's brought out is different in so many ways from the dish on the menu.
The reviewer who described the breakfasts as capable of feeding 3-4 people must have had very small people in mind.
The eggs Benedict I got today was a single half-muffin, one poached egg, one slice of ham.
That the brunch filled me up at all was due to yet another large pile of fried potatoes.
They were good!
But a brunch of fried potatoes with a side of eggs benedict was not what I had in mind.
The place was almost empty, but after waiting a while I had to get up and walk to the bar in order to get my coffee refilled.
If the food were great, all this stuff would be no problem.
And the food isn't bad!
But it's ordinary.
The quality is about the same as at Mickie's Dairy Bar, the greasy spoon up the street -- but Mickie's gives you twice as much ordinary food at half the cost.
Which I guess is why they're always full and we were one of only three tables eating at Brocach.

We stopped here for lunch on a Saturday and had a great meal and above average service by our waitress.
My dining companion and I split the Beer Cheese dip and it was delicious!
It is warm, smooth and creamy, and has just the right amount of heat.
It is served with some soft, warm pretzels and some raw carrots and red peppers.
Had I been alone, I could have made a meal from this.
We both had a cup of potato leek soup, that was also very good and it comes with a warm brown bread muffin, made in house.
We were already full after that but wanted to try an entree, so we asked to split the fish and chips.
Our waitress brought it out split evenly on two separate plates.
It was a nice surprise as we had expected to split it ourselves.
The fish and fries were both hot, crisp and tasty.
I did not try the coleslaw because by then I was just too full.
The decor is warm and beautiful, and our waitress was very personable without being overbearing.
She gets an A+ for keeping my water glass full.
I was a little surprised at some of the prices, but that would be my only criticism.
Burgers are $12 and our lunch fish and chips was $14.
It seems a little pricey, but the quality of the food is good.
Oh wait...one more thing...the paint job in the restroom is a little disturbing, looks like a blood bath took place, I was not a fan.

Thoroughly enjoyed our cozy lunch.

I hope we hit Brocach on an off night.
On a Wednesday during happy hour we tried the slider flight and were surprised that all 4 sliders were awful--some were overcooked, some had flavorless or slightly rancid ingredients, and all of them were poorly seasoned.
The parmesan garlic fries were served in what even grease lovers like us had to agree was just too much grease, though the fries themselves had great texture and--when you got the too-strong garlic off--good flavor.
The potato leek soup was thin, without any of the richness or flavor I would have expected.

Great place.
I went here with a group of friend on a Friday night and it was packed.
Good thing we had a reservation!
We got to sit in this cozy table by the window that had these super long benches.
Very nice.
The first thing we did was order some drinks.
They have a good selection of Irish imports.
I got the Magner's pear cider and the guys got Guinness and some other beers.
They were served at just the right temperature (I know because I tried :P)  But the real kicker was the food.
I got the Shepherd's Pie, which was awesome!
The beef, pea, and carrot filling was so yummy and piping hot.
I think it's interesting that they used chuck instead of ground beef, which gives the dish much more flavor.
The mashed potatoes were nicely browned and tasty.
What more could you ask for?
Overall a very nice meal.
I'd definitely be interested in coming again and also checking out their Gypsy swing nights....

Went on a tues....half price bottles.
Bartenders are very knowledgeable and gave good reccommendations and if possible, gave me tastes too which she felt matched my pallate.

I've done dinner and brunch here.
The burger is ok - nothing to write home about.
I enjoyed the brie mac & cheese, but that's a well you don't always want to drink from.
The brunch options feel kind of limited and I was under whelmed.
Decent selection of whiskey and sort of what you expect in Madison for beer.
I like the atmosphere, the pseudo-pub-feeling-restaurant vibe is good.
I'll go again when the mood strikes, but it's not a must-visit destination for me.

We frequent Brocach on Monroe St. often.
Some of our favorite aspects of it are its ample seating and tasty food.
The children's menu is fantastic, too--with the Maxburger being their favorite entree.

We had a Saturday morning breakfast.
There were only three breakfast choices on Saturday and the lunch menu.
The options were corn beef and hash, french toast, and a vegetable frittata.
I was a a little disappointed by the lack of options.
My wife and I both ordered the frittata and we were not disappointed at all.
It was easily the best frittata that I have ever had.
It had cherry tomatoes, roasted peppers, mushrooms, asparagus, fresh basil, and chèvre.
It was absolutely delicious.
The fried potatoes that came with were cooked and seasoned perfectly.
We will definitely be back

This place is UNBELIEVABLE.
it's osteria papavero and gastropub in one!!!!!!
Omg, if you've been to the branch at the Capitol, this is a totally different restaurant.
They don't share a menu, and the food is WAYYYYYYYYY better.
You can make reservations for big groups and by the table are HUGE sofa booths, very very nice to sit.
Not so convenient for getting out if you're on the inside, but that's too bad for those who didn't realize the negative points in exchange for the good view :p  Food: DUCK FAT FRIES.
how can anyone not have this on the menu!!!
oily little wedges.
Seafood risotto - soooooooooo good.
best I ever had Shepherd's pie - so huge you have to eat it for several meals (females and small appetites only)  Here, go ahead, go share my new favorite restaurant.
Everyone leaves satisfied!

Definitely not worth it for Restaurant week.
Their regular menu may be good, but I was unimpressed by the selection and price of the Restaurant week items...less than stellar by far.

I came here because of my fellow Yelpers.
It did not disappoint.
We had a scotch egg, and duck fat fries for appetizers.
Both were delicious.
The duck fat fries are probably one of the best things I've eaten in some time... AND, the left overs tasted great the next day!
My fiancé had a salad, and she said she really liked it.
I got the shepherd's pie, which was extremely delicious.
One thing I will say is this... the food came out SOOO fast.
I mean, so fast that it almost felt like everything is pre-made in advance.
It was literally 3-5 mins for the apps, and another 5 mins for the entrees.
I've not seen that kind of speed before in a restaurant where everything is made fresh.

Thanks to Chef Chris and the catering staff at Brocach for making our daughter's wedding perfect!
The food was amazing, the cake and cupcakes awesome, and the staff was very friendly!
I highly recommend them for your next catered event!

Brocach Monroe, I'm smitten!
The ambiance is might brighter than the Capitol Square location but maintains the cozy booths and wooden accents.
The menu has some nice vegan/vegetarian options-- chilled green gazpacho, golden beet salad, vegetarian shepherd's pie, and a walnut burger!
I got the Muffaletta (marinated vegetables, olives, artichoke hearts and tuscan hummus on ciabatta) - YUM.
Apparently this is a specialty in New Orleans?
Delicious combination of flavors.
I love that the menu incorporates Irish classics with rock solid other options (hey, some of us just aren't bangers and mash folks).
Even if you've been to the downtown location it's worth a jaunt to the west side, laddies!

HOLY SMOKES the burger was HUGE.
I had to take a break in between bites to regain my composure before digging in again.
It was our first time in an Irish place but we weren't too adventurous.
The Hail Mary although big, wasn't our fav Madison burger.
Spinach and artichoke dip (see my pic) was really generous and we were totally filled up on that before the burger even arrived!
That is a "must order" if you go!

Went here for a Sunday brunch.
Services wasn't the best.
Slow but friendly.
Which ill take any day over I dont give a crap about my job attitude.
Get out of the customer service industry then.
Alpha Mary- awesome garnishes and well seasoned & spiked.
Worth the $10 price tag.
Bourbon Bacon Bloody- Wished I ordered two of this.
Fun twist with the bourbon.
It was also rimmed with a sweet/smoky blend of sugar and spices.
I recommend ordering your mary with bourbon at least once if given the option.
Biscuit and Gravy - so from the look at the plate it looked like a whole lot food.
Which is great if it actually tasted like complete comfort food.
Biscuit where dry with no fluffy/flaky inside.
The breakfast potatoes on the side where cold and not seasoned at all.
Drowned them in ketchup.
The dish also came with two eggs.
I got them sunnyside.
When i got the plate i thought they forgot my egg but then discovered they where on top of the biscuits under the gravy!
WAYYYYY!
If I would of known they do that i would have asked them to put them on the side.
The sunny yolk flavor was lost under all the gravy.
I love poking the yolk with a fork to see the yolk run and then scope them with the potatoes or toast.
But did love that the gravy was made with whole slices of mushrooms and sausages rather then ground up.
Also had an excellent rosemary flavor but again needed some salt and pepper.
Now this the Monroe location.
Been downtown location only for dinner.
Still need to try their brunch.
The menu a little different but hopefully their bloodies are the bomb.
The quest to try every Bloody and Biscuit & Gravy shall go on.

I wanted to give Brochach Monroe 3 stars - it is one of my neighborhood places- but I can't.
I will start with the positive which is that the potato leek soup was some of best I have had: rich, but not too rich, and topped with real smoky bacon, parmesan and a parsley oil swirl.
The bread that accompanied it however was a worst of the worst Sysco white roll that was billed as 'petite sourdough'.
I don't think so.
No sourdough there.
This roll was served ice cold on a frigid day with boring butter.
I was dreaming of some Irish sweet butter.
It said to me that someone in the kitchen doesn't care.
I asked for a cup of hot water- instead of ice water -did I mention it was 2 degrees outside?
and received a cup of clear hot water that tasted like it came out of the bottom of a dirty coffee pot.
AGH!
Really bad!
and they were making tea from that hot water.
the place has a nice vibe and was comfy in a pubby sort of way.
I will go back and try it again, it is in my 'hood after all.

You really can't go wrong here.
The brunch is amazing, and the rest of the menu is delicious.
The atmosphere and waitstaff are wonderful too.
It looks classy and has a neighborhood bar feel.
Oh yeah, and beer, always good beer at decent prices.

Amazingly delicious Irish food!
The wait staff is incredibly helpful in making decisions.
My partner loved the cottage pie and I had the fish and chips.
Everything was very flavorful (more than other "Irish" bars for sure).
Totally recommend this place.

This was one of the first places I tried in Madison.
After having several brunches and lunches this is one of my favorite places to go.
The food at this clean, upscale Irish styled pub is consistently very good as is the atmosphere and service.

We visited Brocach's on Monroe Street on 4/9/14.
Overall, the food was extremely disappointing.
The service was adequate, but average.
We arrived and were promptly seated by a host who seemed a bit cranky.
However, it was about 8pm on a Tuesday night, so the lack of waiting was not surprising.
The restaurant does look very nice.
The decor is similar to their original Capitol Square location: dark wood paneling, cozy and warmly colored walls, and a very welcoming "Irish-Pub vibe".
We ordered the Beer Cheese Dip appetizer, which came with soft pretzel sticks for dipping.
The dip arrived with a  congealed "skin" on top, as though it had been sitting out and cooling for awhile before being served.
The liquid cheese underneath the solid surface had a bitter, almost metallic, aftertaste.
I imagine that the goal was for the dip to have a pronounced beer flavor, but it didn't work for me.
It hardly tasted cheesy at all, and the taste it left in my mouth was gross.
My dining partner didn't seem to dislike this dish as much as me, so this could be a matter of my personal preference.
However, for a $9 dollar appetizer, it should have at least been served piping hot, rather than lukewarm.
Unfortunately, this item provided an ominous preview of what was still to come.
My partner was in the mood for something light so he ordered the American Club sandwich with french fries.
He commented that the sandwich, which contained ham, turkey, cheddar, swiss, lettuce, tomato and mustard, was "extremely average", and rated it "5 out of 10".
He liked his fries a lot though, and thought they were the saving grace of his meal.
The fries looked and tasted a lot like McDonald's fries, and everyone knows how tasty those are!
In the mood to splurge with no regard to calories, I ordered off of the "Mac and Cheese" section of the menu.
I got the Bacon Bleu Mac, which the menu claimed contained: "trottole pasta, bacon, scallions, cream, bleu cheese, cheddar cheese curds"   What came out to me was: under cooked (hard and chewy) pasta in an extremely dry (nearly non-existent) generic cheese sauce.
The vast plate was topped with about 3 blue cheese crumbles, which was not enough to impart a discernible blue cheese flavor to the dish.
There was an overwhelming amount of crumbled-up bacon and no scallions.
The only flavor in the dish was bacon.
I like bacon as much as the next person, but the flavor was overpowering.
I gave half of it to my bacon-loving dining partner so that I could attempt to taste the other flavors.
I was unsuccessful, as there were no other flavors to be found.
When I ordered, I was envisioning a luscious, rich, and creamy dish with a variety of subtle flavors and lots of cheesy goodness.
What I got was a boring plate of plain dry pasta with too much bacon crumbled on top.
It was not good, and I would have been more satisfied eating Kraft from a box.
I was a fan of Brocach's downtown location so I was surprised by how much of a let-down this was.
I also hear they have a site in Milwaukee now too.
I fear that Brocach may be sacrificing quality for quantity in their recent expansions, and sadly, I cannot recommend this restaurant anymore based on the quality and flavor of the foods we tried.
Step it up, Brocach!

My husband and I have spent a few afternoons just chilling out at Brocach with friends.
The atmosphere is just so cozy at both the bar and dining area.
The servers and bartenders are very attentive and fun.
They have a great selection of beer and I absolutely LOVE the food!!!!
The duck fat fries are ridiculous...
I don't know why that appetizer exists, but I am so glad it does.
YUM!!!!
Brocach also has delicious wings with very unique and tasty sauce options.
The Guiness stout sauce is probably my favorite.
I usually order the baked Mac and Cheese for dinner because it's incredible.
I should probably venture out and get something else one of these days...
But I just love that dish too much.
My husband likes the burgers a lot and everyone I have ever dined with here enjoyed their meals immensely.
Can't wait to go back!

Great recommendation from the Trader Joe's staff.
I love asking locals for their favorites & was definitely steered in the right direction.
Very cozy atmosphere & great service.
We shared a salad to start with & our server split without our asking, such a nice added extra touch plus with no added extra charge.
Beer & food recommendations from the server were spot on.

