Dr. Shelly O'Connor is a GREAT chiropractor!
She really cares about your whole being and educating you on how the whole body SYSTEM works so that you can live a happy healthy life.
When you listen to her talk it all makes sense and makes you WANT to be a better person when you understand how simple it is to live optimally.
She explains how chiropractic care is NOT just about "cracking your back" so that the pain in your neck or leg goes away, but teaches you how to sit better, eat better, function better so that pain stays away.
The other thing I REALLY liked about visiting her is that she makes is extremely affordable to see her on a regular basis ($25 per visit or $200 for a 10 visit "pass"); which is utterly unheard of in most practices.
Her personality is another awesome feature of her service!
She puts you immediately at ease if you are at all hesitant about seeing a chiropractor for the first time, which I was.
There's no down-side to seeing Dr. Shelly!

Dr. Shelly is amazing!
She has opened my eyes to a better way of life.
She is extremely knowledgeable, honest, reliable and compassionate.
She won't make you get any unnecessary x-rays or procedures and definitely won't make you undergo any extra expenses.
If you want to better your life and make a change, go see Dr. Shelly!
You won't find a better chiropractor in town!

Dr. Shelly is the best!
She knows what she's doing and what she is talking about.
She is able to work on anyone.
I use her, and I refer all,of my clients to her.
Local Vegas/Henderson residents get their first adjustment free!
What could be better than that?
Go in and have Dr. Shelly adjust you.
Now.
You're still reading...call her, or better yet just drop in.
Just do it.
I promise, you will not regret it!

LOVE Dr.
Shelly!!!
I highly recommend her, especially if you are expecting!
I started going to ABLE after two different chiropractors dislocated one of my ribs during my third trimester.
Dr. Shelly fixed me right up and now I couldn't imagine seeing anyone else!

Dr Shelly is AWESOME!
U can tell each and every adjustment is personalized to what your body needs, not what you think it needs.
Her holistic, organic approach to health and wellness is refreshing.
Her positive attitude and wealth of knowledge is amazing.
I highly recommend her

Very personalized experience.
Dr. Shelly has a refreshing approach to how she uses chiropractic to heal and addresses your lifestyle as a whole.
Also its a "show up" service.
Which helps with hectic schedules.
No pressure if life happens and you can get there when you intended to for an adjustment.

