Great place for kids to play.
During the summer there is a water area that is great for all ages.

This park is great for young kids aged about 1year-8 or so.
It has a water feature, a grass maze, and two large playhouses that the kids love to run around in.
There are several slides and ride on animals as well.
It only has one exit and entry so you feel pretty safe letting your kids run around.

When ever we come to Town Square the kids are always asking if we can make a stop at the park.
It can get very crowded but with the awesome play quipment and splash pad I know we will continue to return

This is a great little park in the middle of Town Square.
The great parts: completely fenced in with only one way in and out that is manned.
The maze is pretty cool.
There are bathrooms right there.
The kids always have a good time there.
This is a cool little park.
But it is little.
It is also a tiny splash pad.
This is not exactly where I would bring my kids if I want to leave with them wet.
There are too many other place in Henderson and Las Vegas that have awesome splash pads.
I will absolutely keep coming back for some play time in between shopping, movies, or lunch!

always a great time for the kids.

Great little park for the kids.
There are treehouses to climb, a splash pad, a people-powered merry-go-round.
Even a peewee sized stage for the creative child  I love the grounds, theyre well-kept, and of course the shopping is fabulous.
Two things i dont like much:  1 the "playground cops" who tell kids they cant go in the wAter without shoes, and the adults they cant take in the drink they just paid $5 for right outside the gate  And  2.
The fact that its difficult to find your kids on this playground.
The treehouses are cool but they shouldve made them with better accesibility for parents.
Also the park is very long so if they run off you really cant see them.
Not so great when you have multiple kids to look after.
Still, the plusses outweigh the minuses.
And its really very non-vegassy.
Which is great for us world weary locals.
So five stars it is.

This is a nice area for you to take your kids for a little while.
It's not huge but it has all the necessary play areas that your child would enjoy.
As you walk in there is a maze, an splash pad area to the left and a wooden play area with slides.
In addition, there are a few replica homes for kids to play around in and a kids stage to the right.

Nice park for the kids!
They had fun.

This place is a fantastic outlet for kid's energy!
The water feature keeps them cooled off and there are so many different adventures to be had in the maze, tree houses, slides, playhouse, etc.
It is also nice to have a bathroom on site.
The best thing is that the whole area is fenced off with only one point if ingress and egress.
Great fun!

