If you are looking for an over-priced dorm like atmosphere then this is definitely the place for you.
Loud parties, underage drinking, and plenty of side-stepping the puke left in the elevators and resident floors from above mentioned guests.
This place is treated like a toilet and management has done nothing about it except raise the rates.

Can't go wrong with the location and the views but the management office is highly incompetent.
They used to be good but the service has almost become non-existent.
Also there are a lot of "children" who live here and treat the place like it is their own personal garbage can.
Update 2 years later - this place has officially fallen to complete garbage.
I have never seen such incompetence in a staff and the maintenance staff is non-existent.
Seriously I'm not just saying this, the people that work in the office here do not care at all if something is amiss.
They will simply deflect you and will not communicate what they are doing to fix problems, which occur on a monthly basis and take weeks to fix if fixed at all.
And as others have said the elevators are always broken.
It's pathetic.
If you're a working professional or a "responsible" student, go some place else.
You will be sorely disappointed.

This building has massive safety problems.
The elevators are constantly breaking and often fall an entire floor or two when they get stuck.
It is not uncommon for not a single elevator to be functioning.
I have been living here almost a year and my windows have yet to get washed.
The parking garage is horribly designed and my car has been damaged as a result.
It will probably cost me $1000 to repair it.
It is a real shame because the views are beautiful.
I do not understand why they cannot fix it up but it has gotten worse, not better, since I moved in in summer 2012.

If you're looking for unparalleled living keep looking.
This place advertises itself as high rise luxury living and charges accordingly, but it could not be farther from the truth.
These sins would be forgivable if this were a low-to-mid priced apartment.
The buildings sat vacant for a number of years without being properly serviced.
Because of that, there are numerous problems with it.
Just to name a few:  1.
The elevators break constantly, and when they work they make awful sounds.
Tower 1 flooded, and forced residents in the building to evacuate for over a week.
Tower 1 was without a fire alarm for over a year.
This was only discovered because of the above flood.
West 6th was forced to shut off power to all of Tower 1 for over 18 hours.
They did not make any offers to compensate residents for food spoilage or displacement, nor did they find alternative accommodations, i.e.
hotels, for residents.
The management is incompetent at best.
When it's time to sign your lease every single employee tells you something different.
They are rude, unhelpful, and will make up answers to your questions.
Unless you can get something signed in writing (and maybe not even then) you can consider anything they say to have no merit.
West 6th has a number of absurd rules for an apartment complex that charges over $1,000 per person per month.
You are not allowed more than 1 guest at the pool.
You are not allowed more than 5 guests in your room (although they have since raised it to 10).
They threaten arbitrary fines constantly.
In sum: do not live here.
It's a shame, because there is so much potential for this place, but, in the end, it falls well short.

West 6th was the worst apartment and most expensive complex I lived in during my time as a student at ASU.
The building was a bankrupt project that used to be known as Centerpoint.
It was eventually completed and opened as West 6th and it has a long list of problems.
Elevators are one consistent issue in this building and that's a BIG problem when you only have 3 elevators serving over 20 floors per tower and 4 levels of underground parking.
There were multiple instances where the building was down to one elevator, including the day I had to move out!
The biggest disaster during the two years I lived at W6 was when a pipe broke a caused massive flood damage from the 8th floor down.
This all occurred the week of my college graduation and I was displaced for 6 days.
Even when I was able to move back in, the effects of the water damage only augmented the mechanical issues that this building has that never seem to be resolved.
When you go to management for answers or with an issue they simply brush it off, they never offer any good will to their residents.
To them, it's not a place that you call home, it's a business and they do not care.
It's loud, full of mechanical issues, you're helpless when you're dissatisfied, and it's expensive.
I highly recommend looking elsewhere.

This place is complete shit.
This place is managed by little kids that probably failed business classes if they ever attended high school or college.
They just work there so they can have the 50% discount they get on rent in a "luxurious" building and for securing bills.
I have been asking them for something very simple, and they cant seem to get it done because they are too busy going out to mill and partying.
i do not recommend this place for full time students that need to focus on school because alot of problems will pop up in your apartment and the management will take forever to get back to you.
Now as for the maintenance people, wow im speechless.
They have no idea what they are doing.
I dont know how they got hired.
when they finally came to help me after 2 weeks of requesting maintenance, I had to give them direction on what to do to fix a sliding door.

Just moved here from the east coast and I'm loving it!!
This place Is crazy awesome, the jacuzzi and pool are sooo sweet and the game room with pool tables , movie theater with lazy boy chairs for private movie night , what!!!
Come on the list goes on and on , 5 tanning beds, steam room in the woman's locker room and if that's not enough views that make me say ahhhhhh, no more snow for me.
Yes this place is expensive but if you look at all the perks it evens out , like for example the cable and internet are included in rent ( unless you want extra channels more than just basic cable then you have to pay extra) .
No gym membership needed the gym is gorgeous, they even have the stair machine with the revolving stairs that I luv,  a private yoga area and a weight room made for getting buff.
Let's not forget about the scenery and I'm not just talking the about the mountain views.
Mill ave is only a block from my apartment and is a great place to hang out drink and eat.
I could go on and on!!!
Awesome place!

I read the reviews before we moved in (July 2013), and had to admit I was a little concerned about some of the things I read.
Still, it was a step up from our previous place and cheaper to boot.
I have experienced none of the concerns that others have complained about.
I find the management to be professional and responsible.
I did hear a few residents complaining about one of the female managers and how she imposes BS fines for minor stuff, but I have not personally experienced any of that.
So far, I have met and made friends with other residents as a direct result of community events the management puts on.
Maintenance is responsive, professional and friendly and everything seems to be kept clean.
The elevators are slow at times, but never to the point where it has become a problem.
We had a neighbor above us who was very loud 0-typical rowdy college stuff.
But we could only hear them when they were on the balcony.
After witnessing a bottle being thrown off their balcony and reporting them, I am happy to say they no longer live here.
My children love living here and have made a few friends in the building as well.
From what I can tell, some of the negative reviews happened under different management.
So, listen to the naysayers with a grain of salt.

I have lived at West Sixth for almost 1 year.
The staff has been great and responsive to any issues I have had.
Frankly there have been no negative things to comment about.
The location is perfect.... close to light rail and restaurants, bars or any fun place you want.
The energy of ASU is great and on a football game day it is the best!
I live in Tower one and have great views of the surrounding valley.
The amenities I really enjoy are the health club, awesome pool and hot tub (jumbotron is awesome at the pool) as well as the sense of community with friends I have made this year.
Also there are multiple families here with kids like me so that is very cool.
Every month there are fun events in the building sponsored by local restaurants too.
It is an apartment with lots of units and I am sure quite a challenge to manage at time but I am very happy with my decision to move here and plan to renew my lease.
I have alsoi recommended it to a few friends as well.

I have never thought about writing a negative review in my life, but this apartment is extremely appalling that made me want to let everyone know.
I have been here for a year now.
Heard about W6 because some friends used to live here.
Despite their terrible comments on the management, I still thought about giving it a shot.
But, I ABSOLUTELY REGRET making this decision.
Tower two has more than 30 stories with three elevators; however, for 99% of the time, only two elevator works.
50% of the time, only ONE elevator works!
It has been at least 5 days now with only one elevator working.
If you need the elevator, you have to wait for at least 10minutes!
For some reason, there hasn't been hot water for a few days.
Apparently some other units are experiencing no cold water, so I literally have no idea what is going on!
You can report a million times about different issues to the office and they'd say they will fix it, BUT they never or for the most, things get fixed after a week.
The walls between apartments are extremely thin (not much better from the ordinary dorm rooms).
I can ALWAYS hear my neighbor's music!
And being the unfortunate one, he plays music whenever he's at home.
So, I pretty much know his schedule back to back now after a year of living here...
If you are a dedicated full-time student, couples, or families that want somewhere peaceful to live in, THIS IS NOT A PLACE FOR YOU!
Very lastly as a side note, If you are a PARTY ANIMAL, CIGARETTE OR WEED SMOKER, this is a place for you!
Management team doesn't care about this place being a low-class apartment at all.
It's pretty ironic because the apartment itself looks amazing and the rent is very expensive (which is suppose to mean that the quality of living should be great); however, the management and living lifestyle is terrible!
This is the worst apartment I have ever lived in!

As much as I love this complex I have to underrate it from a full 5 star not because the staff hasn't done a good job but the building was built and forced to use sub standard materials and was a paused project for a few years that caused lots of issues with things like piping, elevators and HVAC.
It's still the best high rise living in Tempe but can be a bit of a frustration at times.
5 stars to the office team though.

Major issues, I would avoid signing a long lease here.
All three elevators barely work at the same time in tower 2, windows go months sometimes longer without being cleaned (so much for the nice views) and most units have been having hot/cold and water pressure issues for nearly half of the year.
Management is out of their depth with the complexities of the building and inundated with service requests to properly address all of the issues.
Save your money, pay premium rent at other properties that are well ran.

My boyfriend and I have loved living here.
He is a business professional and I am a senior studying biology, so we have been very pleased that we never hear any noise from other apartments or outside from Mill.
Sometimes it seems like we are the only ones living on our floor which is great.
The view we have from our apartment is unlike any other.
Our apartment is very small but since there is an entire wall of glass, it makes it seem larger and more comfortable.
The amenities are very nice as well.
We have had a few minor maintenance issues but W6 has a quick and great maintenance team so they are usually fixed within one business day of our request.
The security guards are very kind and do a great job of making us feel safe.
The location could not be better for walking to ASU's campus and to Mill.
We would definitely recommend living at W6 and are very sad to have to leave this amazing place in August.

I moved in 2 years ago when this place was an utopia...6 months in the new management took over and that was the turning point to mega disappointment .
I was paying $1400 for 660 square feet ( crazy right ) expecting the best of the best....Turns out the head woman running the place now does not care about standards or rules or repairing the damage as she does not train her staff or security  to the rules and regulations.
Also DO NOT move in the West side as the building the Tempe Fire Department will wake you through the night with their sirens, and the huge mega train, and the garbage is picked up at 4:30 am...course if you live on the east side Mill avenue night clubs will wake you till 2am....The Doorman will fob up anyone after 6 o clock...so if you want a free work out or a swim and jacuzzi just show up to tower 2 and he will let you in...????
....hot water.....was a prayer in the morning..and the elevators breakdown 3 times a month....wait till you see the misters by the lounge chairs at the pool..twisted and dripping rusted water...oh and the 300 pound potted plant pulled into the pool and never replaced..cigarette burns in the lounge chairs...oh and tons of broken glass at the pool...ask about their last 4th of July when they had to shut down the pool with police tape because their crack security teams were not told of the rules of the pool... DO NOT MOVE IN TO WEST 6TH..when i moved out i noticed that all the dollies donated had their tires slashed by disgruntled tenants..so don't ask for a dolly....here are the pics.....

