A few months ago at Urban Yoga, I had the chance to met Logan, the owner/designer/marketing maven of Silver & Sage Jewelry.
I was volunteering for balance within, the massage therapy team (Katherine, Anthony & Kari) of Urban Yoga.
They were holding a First Friday event and asked me to join them.
The evening was slower than anticipated, so I made my way out to the front of the studio and Logan had set up 2 tables with her handcrafted jewelry.
I was immediately impressed with the presentation, professional, strung on artistic real branch displays and priced well.
I was only drawn to one of the mens pieces, an onyx beaded bracelet with an ohm.
It was tasteful and masculine, I made a mental note to keep in touch with Logan.
For Valentine's Day, my girlfriend Kate truly surprised me.
She recalled my fondness of the the bracelet and stopped in Logan's storefront in Scottsdale.
I've been wearing it ever since receiving it.
The band is elastic, the ohm is stamped into sterling silver, and it looks great with everything.
Thank you Kate!

This is yoga-inspired jewelry that you don't have to be a yogi to appreciaite!
Beautiful, meaningful work crafted with attention to detail, fine materials, and lots of pizazz.
The colors and materials are combined in creative ways, into beautiful jewelry that can be as subtle or eye-catching as you choose.
Excellent for men and women - the men's pieces are quite masculine, with interesting materials like wood and brass.
Every single person who works here is wonderful!
We got to know them because my husband surprised me with a set of mala bracelets to exchange on our wedding day.
He and Logan designed them together and they're beautiful!!
Now, I own an embarrassing number of lovely pieces from here, including long malas, earrings and bracelets.
Everything holds up well and gets tons of compliments.
We've bought gifts for friends here, as well, and it's been a huge hit everyt ime.
I highly recommend stopping by their lovely shop - they're wonderful people and their jewelry looks even better in person than in their photos!

I purchased a mala online to pick up in the store.
When I went to the studio the next morning the quality and vibrancy of the stones were even more dazzling than I expected.
The girls helped me confirm that my selection of stones was going to meet my needs and they even made a customization to a bracelet I had purchased previously from a yoga studio - actually they had to do it twice since I changed my mind.
I have to say I was being a bit picky and fairly indecisive, but the patience and care that these guys took did not make me feel awkward at all.
The studio space is exquisite and serene, an oasis in Scottsdale!
Thank you for everything I am a truly happy customer.

