This steakhouse is a hidden secret, and is spectacular.
I would recommend this steakhouse to anyone wanting fine dining at reasonable prices.
This is Not a stuffy stuck up location that treats you poorly if you don't order alcohol.
We had an excellent meal with great service from Steve Wilson.
Thank you for an excellent meal at reasonable prices.
The new york steak was excellent, as was the prime rib.

We heard good things about this place so we decided to try it.
Nice atmosphere inside and the wait staff very courtious.
We had the Ribeye and Chicken Parmesan.
The Ribeye was very disappointing.
It was just ok. No seasonings or flavor.
Just plain.
Chicken parmesan was ok. We paid alot of money for an average meal.
Don't mind paying for a good steak.
This place didn't fit the bill.

We keep going back, For the price you can't beat it, have not been let down yet

Let's start with the bad.
The guy at the door gave me a bit of an obnoxious vibe.
The decor/atmosphere... outdated, dark, and you have to walk through a casino to get there.
Last of all, my waiter... started off pretty creepy... like gonna poison your food and then you wake up in a basement type of creepy.
Now the good.
That creepy waiter... became super honest, nice, and damn funny!
The food was also a huge plus.
The waiter dropped off a basket of bread with 3 different types that were all pretty tasty.
I started with the french onion soup and my date had a house salad.
Although not the best french onion soup I've ever had... it did qualify as one of.
The salad was pretty large, fresh, and had plenty of toppings.
For an entrée we ordered the large prime rib.
Not only the best tasting, but also the biggest I've ever seen!
The garlic mashed potatoes were delicious, and the squash... a bit sweeter than what I was expecting... but tasted great!
Now to the price.
With all that food... which was more than enough for two... and 4 bottles of beer... the bill came to $54!
More than reasonable for the experience and quality.
5 stars with no hesitation!

wow was expecting good food from the reviews i read, but wasn't expecting this i ordered the new york strip massive, parents ordered veal picatta and filet mignon and french onion soup which wasn't salted at all.
all amazing steaks cooked perfectly.
will go back again in a heart beat.

We have driven past Railroad Pass so many times and never suspected such a jewel of a restaurant inside.
Thanks to Railroad Pass' player's card, we tried The Steakhouse at the Pass - which was incredible.
The rib eye steak was cooked perfectly and my girlfriend reported the seafood platter was unbelievable.
Even the tiramisu was good (although not as coffee flavored as we're used to).
The only thing I didn't care for - and this is personal preference - the kitchen adds bacon to just about everything: for me it was the salad and the risotto rice.
Oh, the appetizers were incredible too, especially the sauteed portabello mushrooms.
Can't forget the service, which was an A++.
Don't just drive by, check this place out.
Especially if you have points on your player's card!

Went last night with my family (party of 7) to celebrate my moms 60th bday..The decor  is nothing special, its exactly the same as it was 10 years ago and I am not kidding.
If I was rating strictly on my entree which was the Filet cooked meduim (which is ALWAYS what I order at any steak restuarant) I'd have to give them a 2 star.
But since everyone else ordered Prime Rib I bumped up my rating to a 4 star, and if service was the only thing I was rating then they'd get a 5 star, the busser and server were AMAZING.
Everyone's prime rib was huge and tasty looking, lots of positive feedback on the Prime Rib, vege's were Asparagus which had a sauce on them and were not crunchy and looked gray.. not fresh and green.. 1 star there.
I chose the fettucini alfredo as my side dish and it was good, 4 star.
Salads didnt come with our meals which for $28 should have so 1 star for value in my opinion, but the salad was DELISH!
Ranch was yummy and tasted homemade.
So all in all if you go and order Prime Rib and dont mind paying $5 extra for a salad then you should have a very good time..
I would not recommend the Filet, go down the road and eat at Feugos inside The Fiesta, much better and you get a salad and the vege's are fresh and tasty.

Great stuff.
27$ for a thick peice of delicious prime rib with good tasting sides.
And the onion soup was really good.
The only reason I gave it a 4 was only because they ran out of med rare!

Walked in very hungry through part of the casino.
Brings back memories of Vegas with stale smoke, stale food and very weird people sitting at slot machines.
Okay, expected that.
Got to whom I thought was the maître d' or host.
It was a Saturday night at 7 pm so I thought it might be busy.
I asked if we needed a reservation for the steakhouse and he first tried to funnel us down to the buffet.
Then he asked in a suspicious tone if we were there for the 7.99 special.
"No, we are here for the prime rib," we say.
"Oh, I might be able to seat you," says he.
Bit obnoxious.
We get in there and the place is almost empty.
Was he fishing for a tip?
Whatever.
I order the lobster bisque and my husband orders the largest cut of prime rib.
Five minutes later the waitress come back and says, "I'm sorry, bad news sir.
I've just been informed that we are out of prime rib.
" Really?!
Out of prime rib on Saturday night at 7:00 pm ????
This messes things up since we were going to split the large cut.
Now what?
We order the ribeye with peppercorn sauce.
Another five minutes.
"More bad news sir.
" Now if the were out of ribeye, I was leaving then and there.
Nope.
Out of peppercorn sauce.
Fine.
The rolls were stale.
The lobster bisque came.
Good flavor, but the consistency was like congealed gravy.
Too much thickener and no pieces of lobster.
they must have used just the stock.
Disappointing.
Couldn't eat it.
The steak was pretty good.
The garlic mashed potatoes were cold and they were missing something:  oh yeah, GARLIC!
If you think I might be nit-picky, check the other 5 reviews I've posted today.
They are 5 and 4 star.
I see the other reviews.
Maybe this was an off night or they just got through a hoard of people, but this was not a good experience.

