I ordered the Teriyaki Chicken, BBQ Pork Fried rice, and 2 egg rolls.
The Teriyaki chicken was dry and had very little taste.
They included a  TINY plastic  cup of sweet and sour sauce with my order.
It was literately the size of a thimble!
Oh and how hard is it for the driver to make sure he has a pen in the car at all times???
It looks like this place just had a change of management or at least changed their name cause i found negative reviews for this  same address under another name.
Guess they kept the same cooks...
I will not be ordering from there again...

Not sure where the bad reviews are coming from...
I ordered the Kung Pao Shrimp and it wasn't dry and it was full of flavor!
Plus, the delivery was really quick!
I will definitely keep ordering delivery from King Wong!

King Wongs is my delivery chinese go-to.
Sam is always on time with my order (yes, we are on a first name basis) and the food is always great.
They always throw in free egg rolls or crab puffs which is of course awesome.
Oh and the portions are huge, always eating on it for like 3 days.
Never been to the actual place, but def recommend for delivery.

After much contemplation and deliberation, I simply can't get excited to go back to King Wong's.
I really want to like the whole experience of hole in the wall with barely a sign out front but the food just doesn't back it up for me to jump up and down with jubilation.
This little place located at the end of a stripped out line of shops was completely dead until the 4 of us walked in for lunch that day.
As soon as we walked in we were pretty much accosted by what I would only assume is the owner.
I am all about friendly service but this sweet lady was in our faces the rest of the meal.
More on that later.
I ordered the sweet and sour chicken as usual for a first time Chinese experience while my co-workers ordered their meals and we waited.
During the wait for our meals the previously mentioned woman visited our table no less than 5 times bringing us "free" egg drop soup and various other extras all the while repeatedly asking us over and over how the food was.
I seriously made a reference to being in a Seinfeld episode because no matter how we phrased our appreciation for her visits to our table, she constantly was hovering while we were trying to have conversation.
I am not going to dock points for trying, though.
When the sweet and sour chicken arrived, it was heaven.
The best sweet and sour I have had in the valley.
Sumptuously sweet and crunchy with tender chicken goodness.
I couldn't stop eating it and I shouldn't have because the rice and egg roll were not worth the time away from the chicken.
It wasn't horrible rice but it definitely wasn't in the same league as the chicken.
The egg roll was sub par, though.
I have some egg rolls in my freezer that I believe would be better after doing a circular dance in my microwave for about 45 seconds.
Back to the chicken I went because it looks as though it would be the high point of this meal.
I finished it up to the last morsel and made the mistake of going back to the rice for a second opinion.
Yeah, no.
Still not great.
The lady did bring by some "free" crab puffs that were pretty tasty.
The kicker was the almond cookie we received instead of fortune cookies.
Why change it up even if the fortune cookie is cliche?
The cookie was bad, so bad.
The chicken anchored this one folks.
Otherwise it would be another star down on the meter'o'fun.
I would honestly go back for the chicken, it was that good.
In King Wong's defense, my co-workers were much more fond of the food than I was.
I could be wrong.
This could be the best Chinese food you ever had but I simply can't give it a lot of praise for mediocre staples such as rice and egg rolls.
I would say the prices were rock bottom but as you have noticed I have used the quoted "free" a few times because what was supposed to be a $4.50 meal turned out to be a $6.85 from either an error or what she called free truly wasn't.
I didn't correct her and gladly paid but it didn't make the experience any better.

We've ordered from king wongs twice now and we Love this place!
The last time we ordered at 920 and they close at 930 and were happy to still deliver.
We've had the general tso's, sweet and sour chicken and the pot stickers ( our new favorite)  and they were all great!
Sam the delivery guy is so nice and very prompt.
My boyfriend thinks Sam sounds like Casey kasem, which for him is a plus!

I have to add an extra star.
It would be pretty silly for me to keep returning over and over to what I referred to as "mediocre staples".
I am comfortable with it, though.
I have since tweaked what I order to come with white rice which is rather good and now that they give you a fortune cookie with the check instead of the almond cookie, I am now walking away much happier.
I can finally recommend this great little restaurant.

Best Chinese take out I've found in Central Phoenix!
We are East coast transplants and never could find Chinese Food takeout like we had back there until King Wongs opened up!
Hits the spot we've been missing for some time.
Food is always prepared fresh and the service has always been great.
They usually throw in some extra free apps too if you order over a certain amount but totally reasonably priced.
Never ate there in person but delivery is always exceptional!

We found this during a 8pm, we've been moving houses all day, new to the neighborhood, scour yelp for open restaurants rush.
This was the best find of the move...actually of a while.
It's a family owned and run lil almost-dive restaurant.
They seem to do most of their business via take-out and delivery, but there are a few tables to eat in.
The food is awesome!
It tastes great!
This place only comes in second (in my personal experience) to a Chinese restaurant in Anchorage Alaska.
We had Sesame Chicken, Lo Mein, a beef dish, and an order crab wontons (which were free with a coupon given with the menu).
The portions are huge!
We ate our fill and still had enough for two people to have full servings for lunch the next day.
I can't recommend this enough!
We will definitely be back....and plan on working our way through the menu.

Friendly staff and owners great place for lunch and dinn staff and owners great place for lunch and dinner.

King Wong Restaurant left a menu on our door a few weeks ago, so I decided check them out on Yelp.
Based on their great reviews I ordered delivery.
The food came promptly via Sam the delivery guy... friendly, fast service and WOW - huge portions of food!
I ordered an order of Moo Shu Pork, an order of beef with snow peas, and in addition got a large order of white rice, plus 2 free egg rolls with my order.
All that was $15.
The food was tasty, the portions were out-of-this-world, and the price was right.
I recommend King Wong Chinese Food for delivery any time you get a craving for take out!
You'll have plenty for seconds (and thirds, and fourths!

This will be my new go to Chinese take-out place.
Walking inside the restaurant I observed all of their "A" ratings from previous health inspections.
I was greeted by a very nice, older, Asian woman.
I placed my order and I didn't have to wait very long, as my food was ready.
The restaurant does have seating for in dining, but in my opinion this is more of a take out type of place.
The food was excellent and their portions are huge.
I will for sure be returning or calling in an order for delivery next time.

First review, I just had to.
I have to admit...My girlfriend and I have stopped by this small restaurant more than a few times this month after a long days work.
The owner must be starting to think we're a little crazy.
Each time we arrive we're greeted like family and our order is taken promptly.
It takes about 5-10 minutes before our food is ready to go...and while we wait, we've always been treated to a free drink and some almond cookies.
Gotta try anything on the menu with breaded chicken (aka.
wong's chicken, lemon chicken, sweet and sour, etc), it's extremely tasty.
I haven't eaten better Chinese food since I lived in NY.
I've waited 4 years since moving here to find this place...with a lot of disappointment elsewhere.
I always appreciate restaurants who hang up recent inspection grades.
A's and B's fine by me.
I just hope that the food, service, and family atmosphere remain the same until I leave this city.

We also got a menu left on our door and decided to try this place out last Friday night when we were in the mood for chinese take out and a movie.
We haven't been able to find any good chinese food restaurants nearby us, but looks like we found our go to place now!
As everyone seems to have experienced, fast delivery, big portions, great food, etc!
If I had to complain about something, I would say the fried rice is different and not my fave, but considering how great the lo mein, general tso's chicken, egg rolls and crab puffs were, that's fine with me.
We will definitely be ordering from here next time we're in the mood for takeout.
If you're wondering if you should try it, the answer is yes!

On a business trip in Phoenix and craved for Chinese Food.
As usual I checked Yelp and found this place with good reviews.
I decided to try it out and had my food delivered to my hotel.
The food was excellent and very flavorful.
I can easily say this is one of the best Chinese food I've had.
Wish I could stay longer and try out some of the other dishes.
Food was delivered on time as promised so that was another plus.

Fresh made food.
Great prices, big servings.
Fun to meet, great service, makes you feel at home.
Just eat here and you will be happy.

I was really scared..
But turns out they're a very decent Chinese place!
The rice is a bit overcooked, but the actual food is good.
And gotta love their prices.
This is now my go to for Chinese!

We tried this place based on recommendations from Yelp.
We tried several different dishes and all of them we terrific.
The helpings were HUGE and we had plenty to eat.
I am only sorry we don't live here in Phoenix.

Great service, huge portions, fresh and perfectly cooked seafood.
Try the seafood in spicy garlic sauce.

Tried this place because of the reviews and the fact that they deliver.
I ended up picking up and it was ready in about 12 mins.
I ordered pork fried rice, Mongolian beef and shrimp and snow peas.
Got free crab puffs with my order.
Sad to say that I wasn't impressed.
There was no flavor in any of the items I ordered.
The shrimp was clear and mushy, the vegetables were mushy as well.
The rice was overcooked and the crab puffs were not only not crispy, there was no crab only cream cheese.
I will not be back.

Egg flower soup was good no vegetables in it but was the best I had in phoenix pot stickers were also the best I've had in phoenix the food was pretty good I will be back again

The service is excellent and fast.
They are so welcoming and homie.
I love this place!
The food is fresh and tasty.
You can tell the quality of the food.
The servings are,also, huge enough for two people or a lot of leftovers.
And I got free egg rolls.
Definitely coming back.

Big portions, friendly staff, and they always give you something complimentary with each order (egg rolls, crab puffs, drinks).
What's not to like?
Not to mention their service is fast and always fresh.
This is my go-to spot for Chinese food in central Phoenix.

This place is wonderful.
Incredibly affordable, large portions, delicious, and the staff makes you feel like family.
They almost always through in free extras like free wontons for the wonton soup, an extra egg roll, or whatever else they have.
I love that you get a free crab puff, egg roll, fried rice, and barbeque chicken as an ADDITION to your dinner or lunch entrée (because I'm a glutton like that).
Everything I've had here is pretty good.
I really liked the orange chicken, the egg rolls, the wonton soup, chow mein, beef and broccoli, and the vegetable delight.
I've ordered take-out twice and went to pick up once.
Although this spot isn't much for ambiance, the inside is still clean and respectable.
It's definitely a good place to check out if you're wanting tremendous amounts of Chinese food for a very low price!

Free egg rolls and crappuffs.
We always drive 15miles to get here.
We will never go anywhere else.

If I could give them 10 stars, I WOULD!
I've lived in the valley for almost 20 years (a transplant from Toronto...where we have incredible Chinese food).
For 20 years I've been longing for great Chinese food, but my search is now over.
It was so good, I actually cried tears of joy and gratitude.
The food is fresh and delicious, the prices are great, and the people that run it are so incredibly nice and polite.
If you love great chinese food, RUN do not walk to this place.
I can die happy now.

Food was awesome.
Had the Hot & Sour soup.
Ordered a cup and our wonderful waitress served us bowls.
And 2 free egg rolls.
And hugs.
She was so sweet.
The dish we ordered was meant for one but you could have seriously fed 4.
We are staying the night in a hotel so had to leave food behind.
My only criticism is that the sweet and sour an the hot mustard were really really runny.
Not sure if they were trying to make it go further or if this was normal.
The crab puffs were awesome.
In any event it was the best Chinese we had had in some time.
When time to leave we both got another hug.
It was like dining in a friends home.
Awesome.

This place is now my favorite Chinese joint in Phoenix.
You walk in and the first thought is "oh no.
This is not a restaurant.
This is a room with chairs and tables.
" But then you order.
And the magic begins.
Great sized portions for the lunch menu.
Free egg roll, cream cheese wanton, and fried rice with every lunch special.
The egg roll is wonderful.
A few of those alone and you have a meal.
The entrees are huge portions with as much white rice as you can eat.
Twice Cooked Crispy Pork=amazing.
General Tso's Chicken=awesome.
Complimentary Egg drop soup=hearty.
I bought 2 lunch specials, 1 entree, and 2 sodas and it was less than $23.
I will be back there often.

Having a farewell lunch for a coworker and we decided to try this place even though it is a bit far from where we work.
It was a real hole in the wall but that never deterred us before, sometimes you find some real gems.
The staff was very friendly and attentive which is always a big plus.
Now the menu is cheap so right off the bat I didn't have my expectations very high.
When I go to a questionable Chinese place for the 1st time I usually get teriyaki chicken to be safe.
When my chicken arrived it looked strange.
The chicken was cooked fine but the sauce was very light, like an amber color.
When I tasted it I discovered that they had either used a really cheap sauce or ran out and used maple syrup because it seriously tasted like Log Cabin on my chicken.
Also the fried rice tasted a tad burned and was very dry.
Since the meal was so cheap and since the staff was so nice we just laughed about it and honestly It wasn't the end of the world.
Will not return since China Chili is closer and much better.

I tried this place for the, first time tonight and was amazed.
I usually don't like getting Chinese food because the portions are small and it's expensive.
But this place was not like that!!
I spent $23.77 TOTAL on 2 dinner entrees one subsituted for fried rice, 6 crab puffs, and 4 egg rolls (2 of which they gave me for free) and it was delivery which was only $1.00  The portions of the entrees were huge and it was actually good!
Very happy I found this place!
Probably will be the only place I get Chinese food from now on :)  Def get your moneys worth.

Nice people, good food, inexpensive neighborhood joint.
They have a thriving delivery business.
Super yummy fresh egg rolls.

For what King Wong is, it's excellent.
It's fast food Chinese; just one step above Panda Express, probably one step above an all-you-can-eat buffet, and likely one step below a fancy sit-down.
When I moved to Arizona from Southern California, I was shocked to find that practically nobody offered delivery service - especially when it came to Chinese food.
In California, it was just a matter of whether you wanted Hunan, Cantonese, or Szechuan delivered.
I was wary of King Wong because it's predecessor hadn't delivered quality grub in the past.
Tonight, I didn't have much of a choice.
I couldn't leave the house and just about anything sounded better than pizza.
Thank goodness I ran across an old King Wong menu!
The service is SUPER friendly.
The food is SUPER cheap.
The portions are SUPER huge.
I was promised delivery in 45 minutes and the promise was fulfilled in 40.
The food also filled the container completely - like to the top.
I only ordered Mu Shu Pork and Chicken Lo Mein tonight, so I can't speak for anything else on the menu.
The order included white rice and two free egg rolls.
With delivery, it was around $17.
The Mu Shu was tasty but a tiny bit salty, although it was probably my liberal use of the hoisin sauce that pushed it over the edge for my taste buds.
The pancakes were a little coarse - definitely not made fresh - but I ate them all.
My kids devoured the lo mein and egg rolls without complaint, which is rare because my kids are highly suspicious of new noodle joints and almost never eat egg rolls.
I thought their chicken was a tad under seasoned, but it didn't seem to bother them much.
I'm actually looking forward to ordering from King Wong again in the future.
It's not a fancy restaurant, but it's not meant to be.
Like I said, for what it is, it's pretty great.

After seeing such great reviews here on Yelp I was excited to give it a shot.
As soon as we walked in the woman that works there was extremely nice giving us a menu and table to decide what we wanted for take out.
We ordered two entrees, after seeing Yelp reviews I really wanted to try the General Tso's chicken and I left the 2nd entree up to Eric.
I told him he shouldn't choose another chicken dish but he was adamant about getting orange chicken.
Well, they both came out tasting the same and pretty much looking the same.
It was good, but nothing out of the ordinary.
They threw in 2 free egg rolls but I wasn't a fan, I ate half of one.
The portions were very large that is the truth!
Definitely worth the $8 per entree.
I really want to come back or try their delivery so that I can give other dishes a shot, but as of what I've tried so far it was a 3-star experience.

Absolutely in credible I recommend this place to anyone!!

So glad I tried this place!
The delivery arrived about 10 minutes ahead of time, and the guy who helped us was very friendly.
I had the bean curd family style and some egg rolls (they threw in 2 extra for free).
The tofu was nice, and flavorful, and the vegetables were all fresh.
Everything was cooked perfectly.
My boyfriend got the sweet and sour pork, it looked awesome.
I don't eat Chinese food anywhere but buffets and takeout places, but King Wong is a noticeable step above that.
And the sauce that comes with the egg rolls is delicious!

Delicious food.
Friendly service.
Even got complimentary egg rolls and wontons!
Definitely coming again!

Let me start by saying that I have not eaten here.
My review is purely based on my inability to reach anyone to place a delivery order.
Based on the wonderful reviews and a friends recommendation, I was so excited to try King Wong and loved the idea that they deliver!
I tried for TWO hours to reach someone to place an order.
After many attempts, unanswered calls, and busy signals....I gave up and moved on.
It is unlikely that I would try again.
Disappointing.

great food at a great price.. i have no complaints about service or food.. i always come down to get my food.. i love the people who serve and help me there.. enjoy the hot and spicy food.. and always get some free egg rolls.. the coupon is on the take out menu.. i frequent a least once a week.

This restaurant is quite all right for fast food Chinese.
The food is good, though not something to write home about, and the portions are generous.
Service is very friendly and the restaurant itself is more spacious than it would seem from outside.
I do like the old-school Chinese restaurant serving dishes - it shows that the place has been here forever and has enough staying power because of a satisfied customer base.

I like the variety.
The gentleman who took my order was very pleasant and helpful and the food came promptly.
I'll be order from there again soon!

UGH!
It appears as though we've lost another place that WAS great.
King Wong WAS our go to for great chinese food, but no more.
We had become regulars, eating there at least 1-2 per week.
When the food was terrible the first time, we chalked it up to a bad day, and didn't think about it.
Everyone has a bad day right?
So then we ordered again, and it was worse than the last time.
WTH??
Did they fire their cook?
Not wanting to believe our fave little Chinese dive could possibly have gone down the tubes, we gave them one last shot.
Mistake.
It was even worse than the last two times.
Don't bother eating here.
Easier to just dump some oil on old food in the back of your fridge and call it a day.

Great staff, service and price.
The egg rolls were so so and the shrimp with garlic sauce ok. Not sure I'll be back.

The first time I stopped by because of a write up in the New Times extolling King Wong's virtues.
I was coming home from visiting a friend at St. Joe's and was exhausted.
The staff was helpful, friendly, and quick to take my order.
I received my food after a very brief wait.
My to go order was delicious and exactly as I had ordered once I got home, and they threw in free egg drop soup!
I ordered for deliver a second time, their delivery area is HUGE.
Again, friendly, helpful, quick to take the order.
And again, a freebie, this time egg rolls!
You can tell they really care about their business.

Food was delicious.
We had it delivered.
They picked up the phone immediately.
They were very helpful.
We got 6 crab Rangoon for free.
Eat here!

Cheap but delicious great service we actually left our iPhone in the restraunt and the server ran out to the car and returned it.
Huge portions too!
And supper fast

Ordered delivery, small confusion over my address but easily resolved.
Fast delivery, accurate and good portions - plus they gave me a couple extra eggrolls!
I ordered lunch specials and appreciated the fried rice with the entrees.
Excellent value - and very tasty.

Hands down, my favorite Chinese restaurant, I found them on yelp when I moved into the area.
Delivery is great, they usually throw in free soup or an egg roll.
Finally got to eat inside and the vibe is great!
Friendliest staff and great hospitality.
I highly recommend this place to anyone, take out or delivery.
Oh!
And the food!!!
You just have to try it

Just had King Wong for the first time today based on highest rated chinese spots in my new area.
I have to say the service and portions are fab, esp.
for the pricepoint, however, when I arrived home, I saw that the wrong lunch combo had been placed, so I received the no.
2 (spicy orange chicken) vs. the no.25 (wong's spicy chicken).
Not a big deal as the no.
2 is nicely spiced and it is tasty, just not what I ordered or had my mouth geared up for.
Nevertheless, I would give them another try as they do have good service, prices, they deliver to my spot and their menu is solid.

