I think the other reviewer was overly harsh.
Westfield Comics has a larger location on the west side, and if the east side location does not have what you want, they will have it for you in a day or two over from the west side store.
Yes, they don't sell used copies, that's because they aren't a used bookstore.
The copies they have are in uniformly good shape.
(Unlike the the overly tumbed-through copies at some other stores in town.
)     If you need your monthly fix of your favorite comic or need a graphic novel without having to wait for it from Amazon, it is a fine place.
The usual staff person may not be Mr.
Personality, but I've seen him put up with some rather annoying fan boys with a lot less snark they I could have done.
I respect the fact that he's not going to say that every comic in the store is the greatest thing ever just to make you feel good, you want someone willing to say a comic sucks.
They have a few remaindered copies, but not a lot.
I'm holding back on giving it 5 stars because it would be nice if they had a larger stock and more discount sales.
But hey, what with Amazon it is lucky we have any local book stores left.

After preordering product from these people, they took my money and sat on it for months after the release date and refused to send me my order, citing problems with their distributor.
To make matters worse, they also refused to do anything proactive to make up for this, trying to keep my order open as long as possible.
Avoid, avoid, avoid.
There are better comic & game retailers out there.

Love these guys.
Great little store packed full of good stuff in a handy location for us east-siders, parking lot and all.
Mellow, low-key, friendly atmosphere.
As a woman with a lifelong love of comics, let me say that it's a blessing to find a place with staff who don't condescend to me or assume that I know nothing about comics (I'm looking at you, Capital City Comics).
East side Westfield has also also got a nice selection of kid's books.
Lots of new stuff, some old, super-helpful service.
It's not as wide an assortment as you'll find in the west side Westfield, but considering they've don't have much floor space to work with here, they do fine.
I'm so glad to finally have a local neighborhood comics shop!

Aw snap, aw snap!
Theyz legit!
Believe It!
Duh!
Winning!
I'm Gonna Be King of the Pirates!

The Willy Street location is smaller, but still has a great selection.
If you need something, just ask and they'll order it.
Even that grumpy-looking dude will help out if you ask real nice.
Most of the employees are helpful and outgoing, and will gladly suggest something.
When I was getting back into reading comics, different employees helped guide me to what I might like.
Now I'm a regular and couldn't be happier.
I do wish there were more collectibles at the smaller east-side location, but I understand it given the limited space.
Overall, this location offers what I want/need.
Check it out!

