Exactly what I was looking for.
Good selection of cheap beers.
Haven't tried the food yet.

By 11am this place was packed today.
People drinking and eating breakfast like I have never seen.
The place is small and clean but it gets really noisy.
the seating is pretty spartan.
My friend had the BLT which the waitress said was "awesome" and he really liked it.
I had the burger which was decent.
The fries a cripsy (frozen fries obviously).
The iced tea tasted mostly of tap water.
The place was understaffed this morning by the staff, which was older, was also spunky.
they were funny and did a good job.
The place seems to have busses running to spring training games.

Fine place to check in after a Cubs spring training game.

This place is my Cheers (young people look it up)!
I work in the area and stop by 3-4 times a week.
The food is better then average bar food and the drink prices are downright awesome!
The staff is very friendly and works hard to make your experience enjoyable!
There are also 15 large flat screens making this a great place to watch any game!

Me: Do you have Sierra Nevada?
Bartender: No.
Gone before I can request an alternative.
Angry service and moderately busy.
Don't go here.
Update - looks like they had a change in beer selection and service since my original review.
May revise after a few more visits.
They actually carry more than the domestics now.
I had a Guinness last visit.

I needed a quick, late dinner while staying at the Marriott across the street.
This was a good choice - decent menu, and fairly good beer selection.
I didn't sample any entrees, but the chicken tenders and salad were fine.
Just what you'd expect at a sports bar.
The service was friendly, though not all that attentive - even though I was sitting at the bar.
I didn't expect a whole lot, so I wasn't disappointed.
I'd give it another try on a future visit.

Friday Fish Fry!

Oddly enough, it was a negative Yelp review that drew me to Diamond's in the first place (a review I see is no longer on Yelp).
But after putting up with crappy service just to get the Sourdough burger I love, the argument with a man who was either the GM or the owner about whether a service dog could come in his bar was the last straw.
I'm not sure why he thinks he can refuse service to someone coming in with a service dog, but that was the last straw for me.
I will miss the Sourdough Burger, but trust me when I suggest you find a nicer place and ask them to make a Sourdough burger (on sourdough bread with grilled onions and cheese).

Okay place for a late drink social.
Right across from Marriott Hotel and within walking distance within Downtown Mesa.
This is the first and only sports bar I visited that sells Arizona Lotteries, very unique.

Great food, good service.
Onion rings are especially good.
Try the classic burger!

The food is well below average, service is ok. Been here many times (only because it's across from the Marriott) only fun is the owner on the place gets blasted at the end of the bar and makes a fool out of himself

