I needed a quote to add can lights to my kitchen.
We had the old track lighting and were going to refinish our cabinets and add a stone back splash.
Jerry worked around our schedule and met us after work.
He suggested we put lights under our cabinets to accent the new back splash.
We were hesitant but he assured us it would be well worth it.
His estimate was very easy to read and he was able to work around with our short schedule to complete the work in a timely manner.
I can say that the lighting has made all the difference in the world.
We would suggest Static to anyone who is looking for an honest, and experienced electrician

If there's a word that I can use to describe Jerry and his company it would be "integrity".
In the two years that I have had him work on my 1960's home he has not given me any reason to think otherwise.
He is very prompt to respond to my calls and can usually squeeze me in the same day if not the next day depending on how late I call him.
Jerry is the type of individual who wants to provide his customers with the best possible outcome and if he feels like that is not possible he will let you know up front and honestly.
With that said, don't doubt his experience.
His experience as a contractor provides him with a great sense of the big picture.
For example,  when I was remodeling my garage I had him come in and install some switches for me.
When he saw my undertaking he pointed out that my interior garage door that had been replaced many years ago was not to code (it wasn't fire-rated and was swinging in the wrong direction).
He referred me to a local guy he knew who gave me a great deal on a fire-rated door that now swings correctly.
This is not the type of service you typically get from your electrician.
I have a couple more big electrical projects on the horizon and you can bet I'll be calling Jerry.

I liked that I was able to get a estimate of the work before he came over.
Also no stupid service fee for just showing up to take a look.
Prices were very good for installation of some ceiling fans.
He was upfront about everything, and I would definitely hire again for future electric work.

I would recommend this company if you need a knowledgeable electrician who is also cost contentious.
When I was getting bids on my project I've received bids up to 2.5x what Static quoted me.
When the work was done I was charged exactly what I was quoted, no additional last minute fees.
Overall knowledgeable techs, fair prices and quality work.

Mr. Johnny on the Spot!!
I have used Jerry's services not only for my business but my home as well.
What can i say that these reviews haven't?
Let me add a few more words to describe him and his work, honest, meticulous, timely and superior quality.
He has always been straight forward and fair about pricing and the caliber of work that actually needs done.
I would highly recommend Jerry for any work you need!

After searching nearly 8 months, finding a good electrician seemed as challenging as finding the lost city of Atlantis!
I asked everyone I knew, and no one seemed willing to vouch for a local electrician.
When I finally had a recommendation, the estimates would've cost me my first born child.
Thank goodness for Yelp.
Following other reviewers, I contacted Jerry and am so glad I did.
His estimate was one third of the cost of the other guy, he was incredibly friendly, professional, and provided his own ideas and experiences to solve the problem.
We had a ceiling fan and light installed where there was previously no electrical hook up.
I am literally looking around the house, making a list of other projects to call Jerry back to do.

