i find so many cool things at this store.
i like to go here and know i can afford anything i see.
i feel very rich when i am here!

The best 99 cents store I've ever been to - in life.
Any 99 cents store that sells platanos (plantains) gets an A+ in my book.
Some of the things that they have here amaze me: organic produce, fine chocolates, electric tea lights, sea salt, sugar in the raw...I could go on and on.
AND they stay open late!
*thumbs up*

One of the most cleanest, organized 99 Cent stores I've ever seen!
They sell those Jamba Juice juices that are normally $2-3 at the regular stores.
I stocked up with a case of those!
Tazo Tea, two for 99 cents!
Also stocked up on a case of those!
Six-pack of 12oz Crystal Geyser waters, spent $4 on four six-packs!
This store practically saved me from dehydration in this 109 degree AZ weather for the next two weeks!
I love this store :)

I love the 99 Cent store.
Not only is it super cheap but they have a good selection of things and fresh produce!
This place is a broke college kid's haven; it has like 5 packs of ramen for 99 cents and energy drinks, and water.
It's always a stop when I have to do some shopping.
Oh, tip for getting yummy produce before it's all out - go at opening when they're stocking their produce section.
I get a lot of salad ingredients and a lot of my fruit from here.

Good place to make some purchases when it comes to glassware, plates,etc.
but I'm not the type to personally say I'd buy my fresh groceries from.
Convenient when I have to buy gift wrapping and other random things like gift bags,etc but that's about it.
I can appreciate its' convenience and all around business model though.

Let me start by saying that I LOVE to save money.
From groceries to oil changes I am always searching for deals/coupons.
My weekly routine is to visit the dollar store to search for some great cheap finds and then stop at Fry's on my way home.
At this 99 cent store location a few of my favorites are asparagus, avocados, red potatoes, lettuce, big packs of frozen sausage links, green tea, pistachios, snickers fun packs, yoo-hoo, the list goes on.
There is also a Fresh and Easy (now open 24 hours) next to this location that I stop by for their red pepper hummus.

