I contacted this guy about a mortgage.
He was unethical, a liar and to this day I cannot get off his mailing list.
I ended out going with another person.
I would not recommend him to sell your pet.

Justin & his team are great.
As a leader of a real estate team, I encourage my agents to use Justin to pre-qual their buyers.
Their follow up is great, and we never have to wonder what's going on with our buyers.
The communication all the way to closing is excellent!

A few years back my brother and I were searching for a house in Glendale and Justin came though for us on multiple levels.
Not only did he refer an amazing realtor to us who showed us countless properties without skipping a beat, but the one we ultimately decided on we were able to get because of Justin and his foresight.
He and his team are extremely knowledgeable and efficient which made the process painless.
It doesn't end there!
This inspiration behind this review came recently when my brother was shopping for another home in North Phoenix, and found one, but had the rug pulled out from under him.
The company he was originally working with did not come through for him so he called Justin.
Within no time he had the keys to his second beautiful home!
If you live in Arizona or California and need a home loan, this is the loan officer you want in your corner.

This real estate mortgage team is a well oiled machine and totally in sync!
Justin, Christina & Jarrod are awesome to work with and have a full knowledge of their business and know how to bring a loan to a close.
I highly recommend this mortgage team for anybody looking for a home mortgage.
Thanks again Justin for making this a reality;  it was greatly appreciated!!

Justin and his team are top notch.
I have a real estate brokerage in the Phoenix area and frequently Justin and his team are able to help our buyers navigate through the often daunting process of obtaining a mortgage.
One thing I really like is how accessible and quick to follow up they are.
As financing will often dictate the direction a real estate purchase will take, its comforting referring clients to Justin and his team knowing they are going to be taken care of.
I appreciate them doing what they say they are going to do, and ensuring my clients interests are at the forefront of every decision being made.
They are experienced and they instill in our clients the confidence needed to make the biggest purchase of their lives!
Thank you Justin.

