Okay I should begin by saying I have never had a Pedicure being a guy aged 43 never really seen myself getting one either.
However I took my wife in for a Valentines treatment and while I was in the store two older ladies and a Older gentleman along with my wife and the very friendly worker convinced me to give it a try.
Have to say it was relaxing.
You get to sit back in a nice massage chair and have your feet and legs massaged along with the trimming and foot scurb.
Seemed like a decent price for what you get so I would return.

I had a manicure and was impressed with the amount of time and attention my nail tech , Lilly spent with me.
My wife noticed my nicely manicured hands and she said she would definitely try out this salon.
Good prices and friendly staff.

Went here for eyelash extensions and they were absolutely horrifying.
There was so much glue it ruined my own eyelashes.
They literally started falling off before I even got home.
I looked like a clown.
I was hysterical.
My husband went back down there and spoke with them eyelashes in hand and they refused to refund the money paid.She would reapply them.
I have no lashes to attach them too.
DO NOT DO BUSINESS HERE.
They don't care about a happy customer they care about the money!

Been really needing to get my nails done.
I called and they nicely set me up for an appointment the same day.
I got there at 6:30 and they happily accomodated me.
I was so surprised since they closed at 7pm.
I got a gel mani for $30 with design and classic pedi for $20.
I did use a groupon so it made it more affordable.
Mani is pretty reasonably priced since it was abiut the same as most places.
Pedi was a lil steep but it was worth it.
The salon looks a lil outdated but still pretty nice.
Looks like a regular salon but nothing luxurious, which is fine.
At least it looks pretty clean.
I was the only customer when I got there and they had two nail techs working at the same time.
Thanks for that :) They were very accomodating and they even stayed late after closing, super appreciate it!!
I was watching the techs to see if they would try to hurry my appointment but no...they definitely took their time.
They very carefully cleaned and painted my nails.
I love how my mani turned out I know the guy that did it tried his best to copy the picture I showed him (yes, I said a guy dis my nails ).
And I loved how the girl that did my toes were very meticulous about my pedicure.
She was very careful and I felt very much pampered.
I know next time I'll try not to come in when they are closing so they might be more accomodating because I know they were ready to go home.
Only complain was the talking in another language loudly, but I'm kinda used to it I guess.
Def will be coming back :) Thanks again for staying late!!

Best place ever and best people.
They do a good job, and they are so nice.
The prices are awesome.
They provide a great service.
I'm happy and satisfied of my nails and my eyelash extension.

