$1 hot sake?
Yes, please!
This is a new AYCE sushi joint that has popped up in Summerlin, and I am definitely a fan.
I usually avoid AYCE and order my favorite nigiri and sashimi items instead, but since my in-laws were visiting (and they looooove AYCE), I joined in on the gluttonous feast.
And at $21.95, how could I say no.
I started with the "1 order per person" section: uni, raw oysters, sweet shrimp, and the sashimi trio.
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
So far, so good!
I also added 2 orders of agedashi tofu and a spicy tuna hand roll.
Topped it off with green tea ice cream and I was quite the happy camper.
The rest of my family definitely took advantage of the AYCE, and ordered rolls, dynamite, salads, tempura, and sushi galore.
And they enjoyed every single bite.
Everything was delicious and the service was fabulous and very welcoming.
The owner, Mr. Nakamura, was even the one behind the sushi bar masterfully creating these tasty masterpieces.
And we learned that the chef in the kitchen serving up the warm dishes is also Japanese.
I'm so glad that I took a chance on this new restaurant because now I know where to go when I need to satisfy that sushi craving.
And with Lent in full swing, you can bet that we will be regulars!

Reasonable AYCE sushi...  As I was searching on Yelp for All you can eat sushi, this place popped up and since I never tried this spot out I said "Why Not.
" My bf and I hasn't had sushi in a while and since we were craving for it for months it seemed like a perfect time to go.
Naka Sushi was not a disappointment.
It sure served us justice!
The staff was on point with drinks and ordering sides.
The sushi chef was very friendly as well.
I looked at the menu and noticed that AYCE was $21.95 for dinner and $19.95 for lunch.
Now that is not bad at all!
The sushi was delicious and they had a lot of rolls to choose from.
My favorite was the SSS roll...it was amazing!
We also ordered some yellow tail, octopus, surf clam, and Cajun albacore.
All delicious and not overloaded with rice.
They also had $1 hot sake, I'm not a sake fan but that is not a bad price at all!

Awesome.
Outstanding service.
Quality sushi.
I am coming back again and again.

Naka OUT!
What a great experience, I have not enjoyed an AYCE sushi experience like this in years.
I was the first customer at Sushi in Summerland and a weekly visitor for 7 years, till the original owner sold the location and left for Henderson.
After he left, the location took a fast and steady decline.
I have spent the last 5 years in sushi limbo, trying one place after another.
Then I found Naka Sushi!
Not only is the original owner of Sushi in Summerland in the kitchen, the namesake Naka is behind the counter serving up the best quality and variety of AYCE I have had in years.
The restaurant is well staffed and Naka is crazy fast with a happy go lucky attitude that is a breath of fresh air.
You have to appreciate a Chef that is willing to say no when ordering an item because he does not feel it is up to par.
When was the last time that happened in an AYCE Sushi Restaurant?
My biggest thrill was enjoying some of their kitchen specialties I enjoyed years ago, but have been unable to find equal; Spicy Baby Octopus, Dynamite, Green Mussels, HOT Shrimp Heads, Etc.
With the talent running this Restaurant, I would expect to spend the next 7 years back in AYCE Sushi Heaven!
FYI.
I joined Yelp just to post this review, so you know this comes from the heart!

This place is new  .
well, the owners are new.
Previously, it was Fuji-San Sushi, which I loved .
and miss.
Naka Sushi isn't bad, their AYCE is $21 which is as good as it gets in Vegas, but they also have restrictions on how many times you can order a certain thing, not unheard of, but if I'm paying $21 and want two orders of oysters, I should be able to have it.
They are seemingly accomodating with any "special requests" and their fish is fresh, which is worth a million.
My husband ordered the bento box dinners and it was a pretty generous portion -- the food is pretty good, although the yakisoba did not go over well with my kids.
Also disappointing is there is no AYCE for kids.
Fuji-San used to have a kids rate of $9.99 which was a lot more reasonable for the one roll and one mochi ice cream they typically eat!
:)   Anyway, stop in .
it's not the best ever, but it will likely make your belly smile!

Really enjoyed the sushi on Friday evening.
The All You Can Eat dinner is a great deal and the food was spectacular.
Tasted a lot fresher than some of the other places I have tried lately.
Will definitely be back for more!

Great sushi, great staff and great prices on all you can eat!
Very authentic Japanese food.

We used to go here years ago.
The owner was great, food awsome (made rolls named after us), and the service was over the top.
We were sad to see it close.
Driving by we noticed it reopened so for sure we had to go.
WOW.
The place before was a 5, this one is so much more.
The All you can Eat Sushi is the way to go.
There is so much on the menu I wish I could have had more.
Oh, lets not forget the $1 sake.
Service rocked.
The one thing that really stood out was how great they were with our special request.
I've been to other restaurants where the anwser to our "special requests" are no.
One example switching salmon for tuna.
Really!!!
Salmon is cheaper.
But, let me tell you they didn't hesitate to go out of their way to make sure we all had a great time.
We will be back.

I was in the mood for some sushi recently and discovered there was a new sushi joint called Naka in a space that had some other mediocre sushi joint before.
Thought I'd give it a try, and I'm glad I did.
Naka, the owner, was my sushi chef as well, and I had a great time chatting with him throughout my AYCE experience.
Definitely a great deal at $21.95 for dinner.
They even include some special items like sashimi or sweet shrimp.
I stuck to just nigiri, but I might have to try the SSS roll next time.
Shrimp tempura was excellent, and the white tuna was delicious as well.
Gonna have to try the $1 sake next time I go, too.
Thanks, Naka!

BARGAIN ALERT:  This little sushi place has big lunch specials!
With a craving for some tempura, I tried Naka, which is right in my neighborhood.
They offer $5.95 lunch specials, where customers can order two entree items (e.g.
teriyaki, tempura, California Roll) and also get miso soup, rice, and a side salad:  that's a deal!
I decided to double up on the tempura shrimp and vegetables, so I ended up with 4 tempura shrimp and a lot of veggies.
I realize that it's a LOT of fried food, but sometimes you just have to give in to the boss (my stomach).
My boss also wanted strawberry mochi, so I got that, too.
All in all, with my iced tea, the meal cost me a whopping $9.67 (without tip).
Friendly, fast service, and cheap food near me means that I'll be back when the boss wants some Japanese in a jiffy!

After walking out of Osaka due to their bad service we decided to give Naka Sushi a try.
We chose the All-You-Can-Eat option for $21.95 for adults and $10.95 for the kids.
The staff was friendly, the food was good, the Saki was very nice.
The included item selection was excellent.
My only complaint was the lack of fresh wasabi (Totally different from the regular wasabi that everyone is used to), which is missing in about 3/4 of all sushi places I have been to, but the owner promised to order some for next time.
We'll definitely be back!
more reviews at http://www.thevegasevent.com

Awesome place that I randomly stumbled in on while looking for another AYCE place.
The lunch and dinner prices are cheap and service is top notch.
It's a small location in the corner of a strip mall but totally worth you checking out.
Turns out it is run by the same guy who used to run Sushi Factory on S. Eastern which I used to go to regularly.
The rolls are solid and the sashimi as well.
I really wish this place wasn't so far from my house but alas, when I am in the area, I will definitely make it a point to stop by.

Naka (named after the owner and primary sushi chef) never fails to disappoint.
For those that dont' know, most of the employees here are transplants from Sushi Factory in Henderson (which shut down over a year ago)  They always have the freshest fish and the staff is very helpful and will serve you "surprises" for you to try.
Just to put this in perspective, once Naka and Aki moved from Sushi Factory, it was hard for me to eat at any other sushi place because the quality and service just couldn't match Naka and Aki's  The best things my family usually orders are: (1) Saba (Mackerel) (I'm known as Mr. Saba there cause most people don't order it but I order a TON of it) (2) Naka special hand roll (rice, spicy tune, crab, etc.
) (3) Udon noodle Soup (amazing broth and huge noodles!
my daughter literlly DRINKS the broth) (4) Sheryl roll (a more dessert like hot roll with cream cheese and crab) (5) Super white tuna (6) cajun albacore (7) nitro roll (a spicy roll) (8) Tamago (cold sweet egg tastes like dessert... this is homemade and the BEST)  this place is about $5 cheaper than most other AYCE restaurants.
If you go there, thell them "Mr. Saba" sent you!

I haven't tried the AYCE yet because Naka has some good dinner combos that allow you to get rolls or sashimi.
That's what my wife and I usually get 'cause it's cheaper than the AYCE and fills us up.
Everything we have tried there has been good.
Unless you're famished, I suggest getting one of their combos.
It makes for a filling and inexpensive dinner.
We always have one of us order the special roll combo and the other order the sahsimi combo.
That way we get a nice variety on the cheap.

I love this place!
The place is named after the owner and sushi chef Naka.
He is so friendly every time I go.
I am always greeted right away and always have great service.
The food is delicious and the menu varied.
I have never had bad service or a bad meal here.
The prices are reasonable: I always get a roll which also comes with miso soup and salad for less than $10.
I came here on a whim one day on my lunch break and I am so glad I did.
This is a wonderful restaurant with a nice environment and free wifi for guests.

Love Mr. Naka.
Very family friendly.
Love coming here.

We moved back to Summerlin after years of living in Japan and were intent on finding a quality Sushi restaurant.
I have to admit it took a while.
After trying 4 or 5 of the local spots near us we were tired with the unimpressive quality and cuts of fish along with below average service.
FINALLY!!
We came across Naka Sushi in the heart of Summerlin!
We were very impressed with the friendly service and the amazing quality and a variety of nigiri and sushi rolls.
It was a huge bonus that the owner and chef is Japanese.
To me that was important because of the friendly nature of the Japanese culture and the expertise factor in sushi preparation and quality of fish selection.The food here reminds us of so many good times throughout Japan.
Great Price for the all you can eat!
Awesome to-go lunch meals for great prices  Delicious Oysters, Tempura, Yakitori just to name a few of my favorites at Naka's  And to top it off a nice sized flask/tokkuri of WARM SAKE FOR $1.00 EACH!!!
I'm hooked and happy!

What can I say this place was amazing...
The owners Marie and her husband are so sweet... Waiters are so nice and so friendly, we looved this place, the food was amazing and fresh tasting.. We had L.A boxing roll yummy this was fresh, lasagna roll yummy with yum yum sauce and cream cheese, tuna roll, and so much more the Poki was amazing.
We laughed with the staff and they told us how they came about opening and working for Naka Sushi.
We made a reservation so they had a reserved table for us thank GOD the place was packed, make sure you male a reservation especially anytime after 6pm.
The only down side was they were out of fresh oysters but who cares the place was so awesome we will defiantly be going back sooner than soon..
They were so kind to our baby girl, they even gave her some special cookies...
The staff was so sweet I been saw the waiter Nick assist an elderly couple out of there booth... We loved Naka Sushi : ) the staff made the whole experience even better.
Price for all you can eat is so reasonable lunch is around $18 and dinner was $21 per person.
Thanks Jen

I've been going back to Naka Sushi ever since I first discovered it 3 months ago.
Naka and his staff are awesome and friendly, and I'd feel guilty if I went to another sushi shop since they are so nice.
They have a bunch of items that are "1 per person" but Naka always bends the rules and hands me plate after plate of these items.
I sit down and he hands me a plate of sashimi, and later in the meal I always end up with an order of sweet shrimp and toro.
I'm not sure how liberal he is with people he doesn't know, so it might pay to be a regular.
I was telling Naka how my favorite scotch is Japanese (Yamazaki), and he said he never tried it.
So I picked up a bottle from Total Wine and went in with some friends last night.
All the staff was drinking with us, as well as the $1 sake, and we had a blast.
We learned how to say more in Japanese as we were all yelling "Moto Yamazaki!!!
"  Funnest experience in an AYCE sushi joint ever.
I'm heading out of town for a month and a half and I sure am going to miss this joint!
P.S.
- If you go, ask to try their peanut butter mochi (WARNING: they may be out of it)

This place is awesome.
$13.95 for two specialty rolls, salad, miso soup, and edamame?
Can't beat that anywhere and the sushi was fantastic.
Had the 911 roll and the Caterpillar roll.
Glad this place is around the corner, it might be my new lunch spot.
Good stuff.

Loving it Mr. Naka!

About a month ago, I was up in the area and decided to give Naka Sushi a try because I had been to my normal sushi joint, Yummy Sushi, three times in the past two weeks and I thought I'd change it up.
I wish I had stuck to what I had known.
I'll make this absolutely clear...Naka Sushi is NOT bad.
The service is fantastic, the people who work there are very friendly and the rolls actually come at a pretty quick rate when you order them.
Their downfall is simply how un-rememberable and bland the sushi and food is.
It's not bad food by any means...it's just there.
With All You Can Eat for $21, you can certainly fill up your stomach, but it won't have much of a unique flavor to it.
I would almost suggest this place to someone who has never had sushi before, because it would be a good safe place to start and every place that you would try afterwards would have more flavor.
Naka Sushi is just not for me.

I consider myself a sushi snob.
I went into this restaurant with average expectation but came out with a five star review.
The pricing was fair.
The staff was incredibly friendly and attentive.
And the food was DELICIOUS!
I have never seen so many sushi and roll choices for a price that won't leave you broke.
This place will always b a sushi must when I am in Vegas.

recently visited family in vegas and had the pleasure of grubbin' on some naka-ness.
food is off the chain.
eat here, you won't be disappointed!
i'll most definitely be back when i hit vegas again :) thank you naka!

A sushi novice, I was glad to visit this place!
The staff was very friendly and even recommended some great rolls to try.
The sushi was fresh and the service, even when asking for a kitchen item, was fast...and the shrimp tempura is AMAZING.
***At $21 this place is a steal.
You will not be disappointed***

Great pricing!
Service was very fast and friendly.
One of the Chefs was very amusing.
It was fun listening to him trying to sing along to classic music.
They offer half rolls which is nice.
The chef also made me a special roll that wasn't on the menu without any trouble.
I will most definitely be back!

First all, I swear that I've eaten at this Sushi Restaurant at least 3 times before.
Those visits were not so good and I wasn't impressed  However, I have changed my opinion just off my last couple of visits.
My visits here have always been lunch and it's usually their AYCE.
AYCE Lunch is $18.95 and Dinner is $21.95.
Price is about average for Las Vegas.
What I like about Naka is that you can get half rolls, which means more sampling for me.
My Ratings: -Teriyaki Chicken w/Brown Rice:  Pretty good.
I admit that it taste better with white rice.
But I feel better about myself if I get the brown rice.
-Calamari:  Literally 4-5 pieces.
Taste good, but don't expect a dish full of fried squid.
-Mr O Roll:  This is basically a lobster roll and very tasty.
The roll isn't tight like other places and I use to be a snob about this.
But it all goes down the same and its the taste that counts.
Besides, a loose roll to me is basically a mini hand roll.
-Arizona Roll:  When it comes to sushi, I am bit boring.
Regardless where I eat sushi, I usually get a Spicy Tuna, something with tempura shrimp inside, and an Philly Roll.
The AZ Roll is basically all three in one.
Good combination and the best of both worlds.
-Tuna Nigiri:  They requested that I try it.
Pretty good.
-Yellow-tail Nigiri:  My 2nd favorite.
Small, but fresh.
Besides it's all you can eat so order more.
-Tempura Green Tea Ice Cream:  I have yet to find someone that makes a really good deep fried ice cream or tempura ice cream.
Best I've had was in a Chinese Restaurant in Rome Italy.
Not flying out there for tempura ice cream so this will have to do.
Still good, but wish the ice cream was softer  Service is great from the bar.
Like most sushi restaurants, you are not neglected if you are sitting at the bar.
I did notice that guest in the normal dining area had to wait a little longer for their waiter to get them their food while I got mine with the quickness.
My only issue, which is not a big deal since I only go here for lunch, is the size of this restaurant.
It's small and I can't imagine what a busy night must feel like.

typical ayce sushi joint.
i got the typical order.
yellowtail, tuna, eel, smelt roe, vegetable tempura, udon, and ice cream.
i usually dont get rolls because its too much rice.
the portions were good.
the eel was very thin but tastey.
some places the eel is meaty but dont have much taste except for the sauce.
this one was pretty good.
attentive service and clean.

I love Naka Sushi.
The ambiance is a casual.. almost diner feel, with the orange walls and the cheery music playing on the radio.
The music ranges from Bob Marley to Japanese traditional, whatever Naka's into that day I guess.
The price is super cheap for AYCE, and they have lots of great specials for those not interested in AYCE.
Oh, and they have dollar Sake.
Not my thing, but worth mentioning.
The owner and his wife are super sweet and attentive.
If Naka sees you looking around for someone he will come immediately himself if he thinks you'll have to wait.
The fish is not the absolute best in town, but it's fresh and tasty.
The rolls are all pretty standard.
If you're getting dinner pretty much everything is available for AYCE.
I'm particularly fond of the DMV and the This is How I Roll roll.

A cozy, friendly and delicious neighborhood sushi resturant.
I have been to Naka's serveral times and I can't complain.
The Staff Maria and Sumie are very friendly and quick to get your order, if your sitting at the bar have a word with the proprietor Nakasan, he makes great sushi and is a gracious host, he will even have a beer with ya for the sunday night football game -Awesome!!-.
Food: Great all you can eat for $19 large selection of nigiri and rolls, 2 pages of it!
sake is only $1 for a tokuuri, need I say more?!
Definitely a fan, Probably going again this Saturday!
Can't wait  Will I see you there?
Hope so!

WARNING:  Don't fall for the intentionally deceptive coupon that appears to be a BOGO!
I will NEVER return to Naka Sushi, as I don't believe in supporting places with questionable business practices.
Clearly they're not looking to develop a loyal customer base by stooping to trickery to get people in the door.
I am beyond personally offended by their tactics.
I won't be your fool again Naka, and hopefully no other yelpers will fall for your scheming ways.

If your looking for the best sushi in town and a great staff, this is a must try place.
Great priced AYCES and dollar tokkuri's of sake.
Awesome place for the family as well.
Great priced chicken terriyaki bowls for the kids and the tuna hand roll and white tuna nigiri is to die for.

I love this place.
I came here thanks to Rob whose a regular.
Naka is the most friendliest chef I know and everybody is smiling.
All the dishes are very good and the all you can eat deal is awesome especially combined with the $1 Sake which Naka also likes.
I wish there was a place like this in Belgium!
I know that they'll see me every time i'm in Vegas

Upon my first visit to Naka's I was totally impressed with their overwhelming selection of SUSHI that is always stocked.
The great atmosphere is enhanced by the staff which will do their upmost to make sure your dining experience is incredible.
Try the white tuna and lightly seared albacore.
To top it off, this sushi house is comfortable with the kids.
Having choices for the kids like chicken bowls and edamame.
Definetly at the top in Vegas for AYCE sushi houses.

3.5 stars for Naka Sushi  Pros 1.
Not busy during lunch 2.
Sushi chef EXTREMELY quick.
Rolls are pretty good.
Customer service was good with some singing and grunting from the chef.
Cons 1.
Nigiri quality wasn't up to par.
Definitely not as fresh as other places and the salmon was very slimey and gooey.
Yuck!
Not a huge selection of nigiri.
I would say 90% off the rolls contained spicy tuna...which I'm unable to eat right now so boo!
Overall it's a decent sushi joint but I won't be making any special trips to this side of town to eat here.

Naka wins the value crown for Japanese lunch specials, hands-down.
$5.95 for a 2-item lunch combo is ridonkulously cheap.
Unfortunately, the quality leaves much to be desired.
We've visited for lunch on 2 occasions and tried various choices including veggie tempura, tonkatsu, chicken katsu, sashimi, and California and spicy tuna rolls.
While the katsu items are decent and generously sized, they are a bit on the oily and soggy side.
The tempura batter is too thick and more like a beer batter than actual tempura.
The sashimi and rolls were disappointing.
The freshness and quality of the fish was mediocre.
The lunch combos also come with a decent miso soup and salad.
Service was a bit slow and our server seemed a bit confused and disengaged.
Both times, it was not that busy, but it took awhile to get drink refills and our check.
The food rates about 2-2.5 stars, but we'll round up to 3 stars because of the inexpensive value.
Will we return?
Probably not.
We'd rather spend a bit more for better quality.

This is my new sushi place!
I recently moved to this side of town and based upon the solid Yelp reviews I gave this place a try.
I am so glad I did.
The AYCE menu had so many rolls and I had a hard time deciding which ones to gorge on.
Every roll I tried was awesome.
I loved the soft shell crab and shrimp tempura rolls.
Perfect nigiri too!

I'm from the Pacific Northwest.
I appreciate good sushi.
This place is very good.
If you have an apatite, their all you can eat is a great deal at roughly 20 dollars.
The tastes fresh (for the desert) and their sushi rolls and house combinations are very tasty.
They have several rolls that emphasize spicy flavors, but the spice is not overpowering.
Recommended.

Hello fellow yelpers!
Ive been meaning to do this for quite some time so please forgive me, lets jump right into it: Naka sushi is the best neighborhood sushi in the north summerlin area!!!
Food is amazing!, Service in top notch!
Naka san will never turn down a ochoko of sake...awesome!...
all mixed in with a well balance family atmosphere, what more can you ask for ?!
We patrons go out for great food at a reasonable price with a great atmosphere that makes us feel at home.
Great job Naka's.
Keep up the good work!

This is one of the best sushi joints in Las Vegas.
Everything on the menu is fantastic.
Naka (the owner and chef) is one of the nicest guys I've ever met.
Good vibes in this place!
Try the lunch special.
It's the prefect amount of food, and is ridiculously cheap!
Really hits the spot

Way not worth it.
Ordered a bit of everything.
Hand Rolls.
Specialty Rolls.
nigiri.
Even things which "you have to order specially cause they arent on the menu.
" Long story short.
Yes it is a fantastic price to get full.
But hell, many off the strip casinos have buffets where you an gorge on smashed garlic potatoes and get full.
This will not be my neighborhood sushi place.
I guess I will keep hunting.
PS...The Christmas Roll is good if you want a fried roll.
That Is the saving virtue and the third star.

After being spoiled in LA by my absolute favorite sushi joint, Oki Doki.....
I've had to keep my eye open when I moved back to Vegas on where to eat good sushi here.
I had tried around 5 places or so from 2008-2009, and all were fairly good, but I hadn't found a "spot".
I shop at Smith's, Big Lots, and Savers often, so when I saw Naka Sushi with the grand opening sign with All You Can Eat....
I figured why not?
Beforehand, I tried Yummy Grill and Sushi once, and it wasn't bad, but again...
I wasn't blown away either.
So I can say now, after more than a year of eating here; I come atleast once, sometimes twice a month.
I've felt more than welcome each and every time.
They know me by name.
I've brought numerous friends in (even some that have had my favorite place mentioned above, Oki Doki)..... and we all agree.
We absolutely love it.
I see numerous sushi places everywhere, and believe me.
I want to try them all.
But it's hard to want to when I feel so at home in Naka.
Maria Roll, Santa Maria Roll, Spicy Baby Octopus, Salmon Skin Handroll, Teriyaki Chicken and Cheese Roll, Octopus nigiri, Surf Clam nigiri...... those are my "must haves", and then I usually pick out 2-5 other new things to try every time I go.
I've probably had about 85% of the menu and there's maybe less than a handful of things I wouldn't have again and that's mostly due to my personal tastes, not because it was terrible.
I'll get around to trying some other sushi places eventually.
But my permanent Go-To spot is definitely Naka.
For the price: you get quality service, always familiar faces, a very large amount of choices for "all you can eat", diverse musical selection along with the perfect home-feeling ambiance, there's always sports on if you're into that, food that rarely (if ever) disappoints...... it's all good.

So glad we found this place within our first two weeks of moving to Las Vegas.
We've checked out a few different sushi spots - but this is most definitely moving into our regular rotation.
You've got to get the combo - it's the obvious choice.
You choose either two specialty rolls or two basic rolls and receive a ginger salad, miso soup and edamame all for $13!!
This is incredible!
The sushi is great - they also have an all-you-can-eat option which is freaking fantastic...and get this - $1 sake every day of the week.
Not only is the food fantastic, but the service was superb!!
I highly recommend Naka Sushi to any- and everyone!

We really, really like this neighborhood eatery.
Naka Sushi has quality food with great service at a reasonable price.
Wow...that's a combination we always enjoy.
Menu offers a wide selection of rolls and fresh fish.
Left hand side offers a smaller selection of other than sushi Japanese food.
Salad dressing is yummy.
Naka gets busy on the weekends with waiting lines but week night visits finds a short wait at worst.
We repeat often.
Try an Okinawan treat...Orion beer.

OMG this place is AMAZING!!
Me and my brother come here often even tho we live across town, the people are so nice and attentive to everyone even when they are packed, we haven't had a roll we didn't like, and definitely try the mochi, no matter how full you are you will want a million orders of mochi!!
If I could afford it I would be here every day!

What a novel idea: a Japanese restaurant owned and operated by a Japanese Chef.
The food was fantastic.
Probably the best AYCE sushi deal in Vegas.
The staff was friendly and the food was great.
I will be back!

$1.00 saki!
Warm, strong, and a wonderful compliment to the deliectable array of choices on the ayce menu.
The restaurant is intimate, with about 10-15 tables and 6-8 seats at the bar.
Very lively chefs who are quick to take your order serve you some fine delicious rolls, soup, nigiri, shumami, and other choices.
For $22 a person during dinner for ayce, it's a great bargain for the residents of Northwest Las Vegas.

Excellent food and great service, we enjoyed the experience too!

I've been meaning to drop by Naka Sushi for a while, but finally got the chance today after finishing up my work day.
The environment itself is very comfortable and they have TVs with ESPN on them so one thing down for myself.
The lunch price is very reasonable for AYCE sushi.
I didn't stuff my face as full as I usually do, but I did try a few items such as the Tako, Surf Clam, a Tod roll?, muscles, and the white tuna.
Everything was really good, the only real complaint I had was that the Tod roll seemed to break apart really easily.
While it didn't beat out my favorite sushi joint, I'd be willing to come back to Naka anytime.

Yummy yummy yummy!
This place is comfortable, clean, affordable, and has wonderful sushi!
the owners are so nice and there pretty much everyday!
I have been coming here since a few months after they opened and have always been greeted warmly and served promply.
When I lived closer, I would come about 3 times a month but now its about once a month.
The prices they have are the best of what i've seen.
This is definitely my favorite sushi spot.
The only thing i have experienced that is a bit of a let-down is that the two lady waitresses that were hired within the last 6 months are a hit or miss when it comes to service.
You could get someone who is happy and prompt in taking your order or someone who looks a bit unhappy to be there.
I enjoy the naka roll, spider roll, nirto hand roll, L.A boxing roll, and the mochi is yummy too- but then again, everything i have tried has been :)

The wife and I finally tried this place.
Nice quiet atmosphere.
Fresh fish, making for delicious sushi.
Very reasonable price for lunch at $18.95.
It was worth every penny.
We will definitely be making this our go to sushi spot.
We use to go to Sushi Bomb, but lately the staff rushes us at lunch time so the only two chefs can make their lunch and eat together.
They, Sushi Bomb also stopped making some if their best rolls in the proper fashion to save time, and it definitely shows with their end product.

We normally go to an AYCE place in spring valley that is awesome but 45 min wait is the norm there.
We were crunched for time and luckily we wandered in here.
Zero wait for table or bar, so we went for the bar.
The chef is super friendly and everything we ordered fresh and delicious.
I tried some rolls I'd not seen before - like the muscle buster that had crab and a dumpling inside the roll with spicy tuna and avacado on the outside.
We will definitely come here again and bring out of town guests!

I wanted sushi and looked on Yelp to find a new place close to my house.
I thought I would try Naka because of all of the reviews.
The restaurant is clean and nice looking.
They even have some booths.
The  service was great; from the waitresses to the chefs behind the counter.
The food was outstanding!
I got the Naka roll and the Toyota roll and the Dynamite.
I highly recommend the Naka roll.
So good!
Oh yeah, they also have chardonnay for $4.50 a glass and it is actually tasty.

This is a convenient place for ayce in summerlin...
Went to this place looking for a place near red rock.
I sat at the bar and had a positive experience.
The service was very good and attentive.
Kept my drink full and kept my plate of ginger full....
They saw my plates empty and asked if I wanted anything else efficiently.
They talked to me and had nice discussion.
I really liked the fireball and the nitro hand roll...
There are a few more I want to try so ill have to go back as I was too full.
The rolls were good with really good combinations.
They even said next time I can get different combos or make my own.
And I can order half rolls!
They gave me a side of eel sauce too!
That is a good ayce place...
The only reason lost a star is they told me the above important info about making my own and half rolls after I was done!
That would have changed what I ate as would have been able to try more.
Their spicy tuna wasn't too spicy either and I like it with a kick!
I have a lot of sushi places to try but based on service, location and variety of rolls I would go back here....

Probably the best sushi place with the best prices....The chef (usual) is really nice with great attitude...Food is fresh, floors could be cleaner, bathroom little dirty...Nice quaint place with good atmosphere...Bento box's are fantastic!

This was my first time here and everything was wonderful!
The sushi and oysters were fresh; however, I probably wouldn't order the uni again..it wasn't bad but not the best (my personal preference).
I loved the Brian roll!
It was well balanced between sweet and spicy..who would of thought deep fried bananas with imitation crab, jalapeños, and eel sauce.
Yum!

I went here on a Saturday lunch to sample their ayce menu and came out pleasantly surprised.
My table had ordered some nigiri (salmon, yellowtail, and mackarel), 5 different rolls (LA Boxing, Brian, Nacho, Naka, and Mark), and an assortment of appetizers.
Let me be clear now that this isn't the best sushi bar in town, nor does it pretend to be.
That out of the way, it could very well be one of the best value sushi places in Vegas charging only 18.95 for an ayce lunch!
So how about the sushi?
It's definitely better than what you would get from makino and todai, but falls a bit short of being competitive to yama and goyemon.
Despite that, the few nigiri and rolls I sampled were plenty yummy and I would definitely go back as soon as my next craving kicks in.
The fish were fresh, the rolls were proficiently prepared, and the service was friendly and prompt.
I never once felt rushed, but was out the door in 40 minutes due to how quick they were serving us our orders.

I absolutely love this place.
It's right down the street from my boyfriend's house and we're usually here 3/4 times a month.
AYCE is a great deal at 21.95 for dinner.
My boyfriend always gets the mountain roll which is amazing.
Shrimp tempura roll with fish and crab mix on top with unagi sauce.
The owner is extremely hilarious, always taking sake bombs.
On our most recent visit, we sat down and ordered.
My boyfriend's mountain roll came out within two minutes!
Naka saw us and already made the roll!
Cmon talk about excellent service.
We love this place and we've never had to wait for a table before.
It's busy, but there's usually always room.

Love this place.
I always get the combo plate for $9.50 which gives me what I always want: a sushi roll, teriyaki chicken (so yum here and such a big amount!
), miso soup, salad and of course a good helping of rice.
My husband usually gets all you can eat and has been pleased.
Def my go to place.

Excellent sushi.
The service and quality of fish are excellent.
The owner Naka, works the bar all day everyday.
He also personally picks out the fish.
If you like quality sushi at a great price you need to try this place.

Great service, great food.
We had a party of 10 and the food came out quick.
Loved it.
We made a reservation earlier in the day and they had the table ready when we got there.
No troubles at all.

OH MY GOD IS THIS REAL LIFE.
This place is so bomb.
7 of us came and we all got the "all you can eat" dinner special, and we gladly paid the 18% gratuity for big parties.
We are from LA so we thought maybe since Vegas in inland, the sushi here wouldn't be that great.
We were so wrong, and I've never been happier.
The range for the all you can eat is incredible.
We had everything from tuna sushi to shrimp tempura to green tea tempura ice cream to seaweed salad to beef tataki to fried calamari to mochi ice cream.
Incredible.
All for $27 (tax, tip, etc).

$18.95 for AYCE lunch?!
WINNING!
My tummy, as well as my brother's & daughter's tummy, left happy after eating here.
Service: Pretty good.
Water and food were brought out right away, and the waitress was super nice.
Whatever we needed, she brought it right out for us.
Chef Naka (also owner of the establishment) is suuuper nice!
You can find him behind the sushi bar and always with a smile on his face.
Food: Food was pretty yummy.
The nigiri had wasabi in it which I absolutely LOVE.
You know you're at a Japanese-run sushi restaurant when there's wasabi in the nigiri!
Mmm, mmm good.
Nigiri fish slices were just alright.
They were good and fresh, but I wish the size was a bit bigger.
The nori/seaweed for the rolls were a bit rubbery though, but other than that all of the rolls that we tried were very delish!
It wasn't overwhelmed with too much sauce.
Though I wish it was packed a little bit tighter and the seaweed would be less rubbery, haha.
Price: Price is VERY cheap compared to all of the AYCE restaurants I've been to.
Food isn't bad at all if you were to compare to the price.
Fish is FRESH!
One thing I don't like is that it's $9 for children under 8.
I wish they made it where kids under 3 are free because my 3 year old doesn't eat much at all.
Other than that, this place is great!
I would definitely come here again!

I've been wanting to find a AYCe place a bit more close-ish to the house than some of our other side of town haunts and so far this seems like a good contender.
Dinner was $21.95 and lunch was $19.95 which is a bit cheaper than average, but offers a lot on the menu.
Appetizers -  Softshell crab - standard, but good.
Nice crisp batter.
Spicy baby octopus - this was meh, just some boiled chewy octi with some teriyaki sauce.
Tuna tataki - this was pretty good!
Seared tuna, ponzu and some onions.
Sashimi side (2 pc of each fish) - Salmon was pretty fresh, the yellowtail was good, albacore was OK but still acceptable.
Jalapeno popper - theirs was really good.
I like the thin sliced bite size pieces over whole ones.
Nigiri -  Cajun Albacore - was really on point!
Ordered several rounds.
Super White - pretty  decent range of freshness,  Yellowtail - pretty good as well  Habanero masago - this was awesome and spicy  Uni - very fresh, sweet and creamy  Masago - good stuff with some quail egg.
I think the rice to fish ratio here is pretty good actually.
They do put wasabi in their cuts, so if you are sensitive to it, then you might want to let them know.
The sumeshi rice had good seasoning as well and right on consistency.
We also had a mike roll which I liked the crunch texture on, and a albacore roll which was also pretty good.
The salmon skin handroll is one of my favorite things and there's was one of the best I've had.
Service here was great.
It was a slower late weeknight, but the sushi chef was very nice and attentive.
Things just came in succession so we got in a lot of dishes in a short amount of time.
The server kept out drinks filled and plates cleared.
I don't think they do a stamp card, or at least none was offered to me.
I'm pleased with the selection and quality for this first visit so I'll be back and see how consistent this place is.

Went here for ayce dinner this time.
I'm giving this place a 5 star now because I thought that both their food and service had improved, at least compared to the lunch service we've had previously.
The sushi is still not at Yama or Goyemon level but is getting close.
Ayce dinner is at $21.95 and is an awesome value considering they serve sashimi, even though you're limited to one order per person (6 pieces).
They also have many more staff for dinner so the service was really fast.
We couldn't eat our food fast enough and they're already delivering our next order.
I'm happy to have come across this sushi bar and I'm looking forward to eating many more of their sushi.

Definitely one of my top 2 sushi bars in Vegas (I can't choose between it and Yama), and by far the best in the Summerlin area.
I've never done the AYCE because I am generally full on a couple of rolls, and these do not disappoint!
Plus I have a couple of times shown up and ordered to-go on the spot, and I've waited only like 15 min for a delicious meal to take home and get some work done with.
I really enjoy their dinner specials!
Edamame, soup, salad, and two rolls for between $10-15 (depending on the rolls)?!
Yes, please!!
The sushi is so fresh and delicious, and the mochi is also yummy.
And when you eat rolls incorrectly, they don't laugh at you, but instead kindly come correct you :D Soon after discovering Naka, we ate it three times in one week.
Stop by, and if you live in Summerlin, make this your go-to sushi place!

As far as service 5 stars.
Everyone is really really nice, I love that.
I'm giving sushi 4 stars for now.
Most of the nigiri and rolls are on point, but some AYCE places tend to make rolls reallyyyy big and messy with rice going everywhere, and it happens here on some of the rolls.
But you know what, for $20 bucks, not sure I can really complain here.
But I recommend the tiger roll, simple and delectable, my goodness!
They do a good one here  Favorites are (as I mentioned earlier) the tiger roll and the paradise roll.
Those are a must and their house salad is one of the best I've ever had.
Homemade ginger dressing, can't go wrong with that.
So glad there is an AYCE in Summerlin!

Pretty good AYCE experience close to the house.
$22 and you get an order of sashimi.
Kids less than 8 yrs old is $10 and my 4 year old can crush some sushi!!!
Unfortunately kids over 8 yrs old is adult price.
I appreciated the Japanese ownership.
Vegas is saturated with Korean, Chinese, and Filipino owned sushi bars.
The nigiri sushi was pretty good.
As you would expect from AYCE, the fish portion is smaller and the rice portion is larger.
The uni was very good.
Very small but good quality and tasty.
Often times at AYCE they will serve a large portion of lower grade uni.
This was a small serving but tasty.
I found the rolls to be excellent.
We don't usually order a lot of rolls, but the Tiger, Spider, and Spicy Tuna were delicious.
Service was good.
We will be back.

Terrible place.
This is not sushi, god only knows what it is!
Don't waste your money!!!!!
All the staff including the chef were not even Asian they were Latino.

My new favorite AYCE sushi bar when I'm back in town.
Japanese ownership.
Excellent customer service.
Great grade sushi, nigiri or sashimi.
They have a variety of rolls as well, and you can have them made in half orders.
I love the uni and ama-ebi here.
You can also order hamachi kama (grilled yellowtail collar), which is included in the AYCE, but I believe it is limited to one per person.
$18.95 for lunch.
$21.95 for dinner.

Best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas.
The Brian roll was so unique and delicious.
I really like that the rolls aren't huge and the quality is high.
Delicious!!!
Will go be back ASAP.

This is my go-to local AYCE sushi place.
Mr. Naka and his staff are so friendly!
For $22 + tax and tip, you can enjoy some tasty sushi, rolls, appetizers, and dessert.
I prefer sitting at the bar, but the dining tables a nice when I'm with a larger group.
Don't forget to try the plum wine ice cream!

First time here since I work nearby, and oh my, the sushi was amazing.
I did the AYCE for lunch, great price, $18.95.
I loved the huge selection of rolls, appetizers, and sushi.
I usually stick to sushi when I get AYCE but some of the rolls looked too good to pass up.
The Nacho Roll (sounds like tons of sauce, but it's not) was by far my favorite.
Lots if Salmon and Avocado inside and jalapeño and some spicy (not mayo) on the outside.
It was amazing.
The owner was working behind the sushi bar (as he does 7 days a week) and he was awesome.
Great service, great price, great atmosphere, and excellent fish.
I am a happy customer and will return very soon.
Thank you Naka!!

I definitely recommend coming here.
The prices were reasonable, and we ordered AYCE sushi for dinner - they even offered half orders so we could sample more rolls.
So yummy!

I am currently on the hunt for a great place to enjoy AYCE sushi with family and friends, since YamaSushi is way too far a distance from my home right now, and I decided to give this place a try because they had a good average of reviews.
The fish they have is definitely fresh, which was great, and a big bonus was the variety they had to offer (ex.
special rolls).
Price is also good, and is the cheapest that I've found thus far.
The presentation of the site and food is alright.
The service they had was not totally commendable.
I have to say that my boyfriend and his brother are not the easiest to get along with, but if you can put up with them, you're great, and my boyfriend likes to thank you with a really big tip.
I, on the other hand, am nice to you so long as you're good to me, which still ends up getting you a decent tip.
With all that said...
The waitress/server we initially had was alright to begin with, but her service started lagging because of the amount my companions kept bugging her about food information.
I realize this isn't fine dining, but you could at least have the basic knowledge about the dishes you serve and inform us all.
We had also modified a few orders, and the kitchen hadn't followed, so we sent it back, expecting to get it all corrected.
Didn't happen - became ghost orders.
The most irritating factor about this particular server was that she started ignoring us.
We tried flagging her down to simply order more, and she constantly breezed by our table.
The savior of the night was a young man who was supposed to be her helping hand.
He created small chat with us, entertaining my boyfriend's 6 year old nephew, and tended to us when she ignored us.
We gave him a 25% tip, and we gave her the coin change from the bill.
I actually gave him the tip personally, and left her looking after us dumbfounded.
Tip is based off the service you give, and is not required, and that is exactly what we practiced.

Just found out about this place last night, and thanks to the Yelp reviews for making me try it!
Everyone was super friendly, sushi is delicious and fresh, and the mango ice cream was the perfect dessert.
I can't believe I didn't know about this place sooner.
Favorites:   * They have SASHIMI!
One order per person, and it's tuna, yellowtail, and salmon, but it was fantastic!
*Mango Ice Cream *TED roll - it was so big it was difficult to eat, but the flavors were incredible *They do half rolls, even at the tables!
So much nicer to try a big variety of food *Can't beat the price, $21.95 for AYCE dinner?
Awesome.
A little meh: *They used a LOT of wasabi on the nigiri to hold the fish to the rice.
It was actually a bit overwhelming (and scary at first, since it made the yellowtail look like it had a green spot on it)  Come to think of it, that (above) is my only complaint on the evening.
I'm a huge fan, will definitely be back, so glad to have found a great AYCE sushi close by!

disgusting.
how did this place even get such high ratings???
service was not that great and friendly either.

My favorite sushi place.
Great prices and amazing food.
I recommend this to all sushi lovers.
Sit at the bar for a more intimate experience.
You can watch Naka prepare the rolls and try new things.
White tuna is great there.

I came too Naka Sushi after solid 16 mile bike ride with friends.
So talk about hungry and one of my friends suggested Naka Sushi since we were riding in the area and raving about how cheap the AYCE lunch is here.
I like "WHAT" AYCE for lunch under twenty bucks.
NO WAY.
I love sushi and firm believer AYCE the only way too go with sushi.
It got me worried thinking since its so cheap maybe something not quite right.
I was really happy with all the sushi I ordered and the other ones I tried that friends ordered (we all did AYCE)..
They have average size menu with lots of the normal things find at any other AYCE spots.
I felt the fish was good not the best that I had in Vegas.
Freshness.
Still for the price nothing too complain about besides the fact they were bringing out our orders pretty fast.
Service was great!
We asked for four separate checks not problem at all.
Never had my soda cup empty the whole time.
The sushi chef even though not sit at the sushi bar love the positive, happy, and excited about life vibe from them.
Those guys constantly smiling on the way in and leaving.
The decor was nice nothing out of the ordinary.
I did find it interesting they were playing lot of Hawaiian local music from the 808.
Anything reminds me of home and the 808 worth extra star all on its own.
Naka Sushi great bang for your FISH!!!!
It not on my side of town but if in the area and want too get cheap sushi on Naka the way too go.
Just don't come in expecting too be blown away with the freshness or wow factor comes too the fish.
Still something too be said about good food at great price...

I am here for my second lunch.
The first I enjoyed the sushi bar and was delighted with all I sampled.
Where has white tuna been all my life?
It was like soft pieces of heaven.
Everything was wonderful both visits.
Sushi fresh and flavorful.

We can was quite delicious.
The place is not fancy, but the food is excellent.
I was a bit concerned from the looks but the sushi chef prepared everything with care and to perfection.
I really enjoyed it.
I would recommend it if you can lower your standards from thinking sushi needs to be eaten at a fancy gold chair place.

We came in on a cold Wednesday night.
It was quite crowded.
We could have sat at a table reserved for others later but, had to be finished by a certain time.
We decided to wait for another table to open up, though I guess we could have sat at the sushi counter too.
Noticed others coming in for take out to avoid this problem.
I got a beef sukiyaki dinner and my husband got the tempura/teriyaki combo.
My sukiyaki hit the spot.
I thought the broth was tasty and it had a good portion of beef in it too.
My husband said there was a a lot of food in his combo and thought everything was delicious.
We were both stuffed and had no room for dessert.
My dinner came with soup, salad, and rice as did my husband's so it was a very good value.
Noticed a review complaining about the service but we had no problem.
The staff brought our food promptly,  asked if everything was okay and seemed friendly enough to me.
We noticed there were a lot of families with children who came to the restaurant and the staff seemed very accommodating.

AWESOME AWESOME AYCE!
This place is in the corner of nowhere and Noway, but completely worth the short drive!
Very friendly servers, the sushi chefs are funny and friendly, the place us nice and clean.
The music they play is playful and entertaining.
We go here every few weeks.
I love how when we are on our way out they Chef says "see you tomorrow!
" With his funny laugh.
I love it here!
The LA Boxing Roll and Japanese Lasagna Roll are highly recommended.
Other things we love: miso soup, poke salad, Christmas Roll, Tempura Vanilla Ice cream...
This place would make a nice casual date night.
Great value and food quality.

Awesome sushi.
Their hot rolls with the yum yum sauce are pretty yum yum.
Also you have to try their salmon necks I forget what they called them.

Longtime Goyemon loyal here...and I didn't want to saturate my 5 star sushi reviews but to give this place anything less than 5 stars, would be unjust.
Pros: -Extremely attentive, courteous waitstaff.
-Our sushi Chef, "Gap" was friendly, fast and provided great service -Outstanding, FRESH FISH for AYCE...kept going back for the salmon and red snapper, better here than at some other places -Unique rolls, some with some heat...try Kara and Nacho w/jalapeno...LA boxing -GREAT sushi/rice ratio...on both rolls and nigiri...(not too much rice) -Only $18.95/lunch $21.95 dinner, about $4-5 cheaper than other spots and here is better quality fish than most -$2 large bottles of house Saki -One sashimi plate included per customer, nice addition  Cons: -Some of the outstanding appetizers that put goyemon over the edge (the cajun salmon, the pork belly) are not offered...but the quality of the fish makes up for it here...the fish is what we really come for, right?
-Only one dessert per AYCE customer and limited to the field of ice cream...the tempura ice cream sundae was great (not soggy, like Goyemon) and they have mochi, but sometimes I like to really put away the dessert and in variety, green tea creme brulee, mousse, mochi, etc...but for $21.95 I understand...most local AYCE joints limit you to just one anyway -Only open until around 10pm, so no heading over for late night cravings  Will definitely be coming back regularly for the excellent food and great service here...

Bomb deal with their all you can eat sushi.
So many dishes and rolls to choose from for $22 bucks.
Would definitely come back.
Highly recommend their soft shell crab.

I was meeting up with my sister for lunch and was instructed to go ahead and get a table while I wait for my lunch date.
Some forces were trying to stop me (a nose that won't stop bleeding) but this place is highly rated so I wanted to give it a try.
But I was rather disappointed.
The rice seemed like it's been sitting there for a while.
Although the fish was fresh, it was a bit thinly sliced.
We did AYCE for $19/person and we tried tuna and salmon nigiri, Naka Roll, Tracy II, LA Boxing, salmon skin handroll, agedashi tofu, calamari tempura, chicken tempura and shrimp tempura.
For dessert, we got banana tempura and plum wine ice cream.
LA Boxing Roll: Tuna, shrimp, avocado with salmon and lemon on top and ponzu sauce on the side.
Naka Roll: Soft-shell crab, crunch topped with smelt egg.
Tracy II Roll: Salmon, jalapeño, avocado with salmon and lemon on top.
You might want to remove some of the jalapeños in this roll.
Salmon Skin Handroll: The salmon skin was not crispy like it should be.
Calamari Tempura, Chicken Tempura, Shrimp Tempura: Nothing to write home about.
I'm not sure I'll come back here.
So, they have sashimi, soft-shell crab, uni, poke salad as part of their dinner AYCE for $22/person - I'll probably just go somewhere else for that especially if the experience I've had with the rice wasn't all that great.
I didn't see anything special/ unique about this place for it to have 4.5 stars.

I haved lived in Vegas for 14 years and can assuredly say that Naka Sushi is hands down the best sushi in town.
All you can.eat is a must.
TED Roll, Whitefish Tempura Roll, and Chicken Teriyaki Rolls are great.

The prices here are great.
I had a sushi combo, 2 special rolls, edamame, salad and miso soup for $14.
Each roll was 8 pieces.
I had the Santa Maria and the 911, both were very delicious.
They were a bit heavy on the rice and I would would have been bummed if I had ordered AYCE.
I would recommend this place if you live in the neighborhood and don't feel like driving far for any easy, yummy meal.

service was nothing special.. food all tastes the same and for me and my husband the flavors did not stand out.
this was our first time so there is a possible second chance in the future.
It is nice to have an AYCE sushi spot in this area though.

Venturing out and trying new AYCE spots in town!
I am really anxious when trying new places, because very rarely does it surprise...in a good way at least.
But Naka does well!
Some highlights :  Great quality nigiri here!
They had very fresh Ahi, Sake, Fresh Sea Scallops and Hamachi.
I was surprised they had Anago on the AYCE menu, and it was pretty fresh.
The Uni was a bit watery in consistency but it still had a smooth flavor/finish.
Fresh Oysters....these were great!
Love the ponzu like sauce and hot sauce combination!
Soft Shell Crab appetizer.
This was a large crab, cooked well, and surprisingly meaty!
Yum :)  Sashimi Salad.
Lots of great tasting ahi with a tasty dressing and greens.
Fried Jalapeno Popper...surprisingly spicy!
Loved the spicy mayo concoction on top.
Service was fast and friendly.
I say if you are on this side of town, you should give it a go!

$21.95 (dinner) for all you can eat, and they really mean it.
We sat at the sushi bar and got to order as many of their premium sushi rolls as we wanted which were freshly prepared.
The sushi chef continued asking all through dinner if we wanted something else.
We also got to order hot food directly from our waitress, who provided quick and excellent service.
Even dessert was included.
Wish we had a sushi place like this in San Diego.

Came for lunch today with a friend.
We both wanted at least 2 rolls and didn't want to go broke paying for them.
Quality was good.
Service was a little slow.. there was only 1 waitress hopping between all of the tables, and they were all filled up by the time we were done eating.
We both had AYCE for $19 with an iced tea each.
With tax it came to $22.11.
I ordered a 911 roll, shrimp tempura roll and a spider roll.
All 3 were very good.
Wish I had saved money for tempura ice cream.
I'll be coming back for dinner which is $22 for AYCE with my husband one night in the future.

Review for Dinner on a Saturday Night  This place was packed on a Saturday night.
.... And they "lost" our reservation.
We only had to wait about 20 minutes and were able to get seated so that wasn't so bad.
But still....   After experiencing our dinner here... it's no surprise they didn't record our reservation.
Organization is NOT their strong suit.
Three different people took our drink order.... and it took 2 of them to bring them all out.
Three different people kept asking to take our food order... where we'd place an order with one and the next one would step up to ask what we'd like to order... and then after a bit we would have to flag one of them down to remind them about our order.
The sushi was ok.
I wasn't impressed.
I like Naked Sushi and Sushi Wa better.
The one Good thing was that they don't over sauce their rolls... so that is a plus in my book.
But they do serve A LOT of rice with their sushi and rolls so that the fish which is normal size portions looks small.
Since this is on the other side of town from me, I'll stick to the sushi places on my side of town that I know and like better.

Awful sushi!
Not friendly at all.
The waitress had such a bad attitude.
Never again.
Not even for free!!!!!

We were running errands in the Summerlin area, so I checked Yelp to find an AYCE sushi place nearby.
Naka Sushi was highly recommended, so I thought we'd give it a shot.
Although it's not the best sushi I've ever had (or even the best AYCE sushi I've ever had), this was moderately priced and offered a wide selection of sushi, rolls, and side dishes.
We arrived around 5, and there were plenty of open tables.
This was a plus, because service was fast and our servers were super attentive.
My husband and I split everything: from poke salad and edamame, to eel sushi and a variety of rolls.
The caterpillar and rainbow rolls were my favorite, and although the TED and Muscle Buster rolls were good, they were HUGE -- it was a struggle to eat a piece in one bite.
I know the food was fresh, because I saw the chefs making it, but some of the fish seemed a little "off.
" It also seemed like some of the cold rolls were a little too warm, and some of the warm food was a little cool, but maybe that's just me.
I liked most of our choices, and for $22 each, you can't really complain.
It seemed like most of the other customers were regulars, because the staff greeted many of them by name, so it's obvious this place is doing something right.
Overall, Naka seems like a solid choice if you're craving sushi (for a reasonable price) in the Summerlin area.

Best sushi in town.
My wife and I go here all the time.
Someone must be telling people how great this place is because they are getting crazy busy.
Naka San always takes care of his regulars.
We walk in and even when it is crazy busy he already knows what we are going to order and starts on it.
This is not just the best sushi place in town but the best restaurant with the best chef and service anywhere.
You have to try the tiger, Arizona, mountain, that how I roll, and muscle buster rolls.
Also, the super white tuna and gyoza are to die for.
This used to be a secret spot but people keep telling the secret and I guess people love it.
If you go with more than two people around dinner you might have to wait but it is well worth it.
I would give ten stars if I could!

So happy we found this place!
My brothers and I came here for AYCE dinner.
There was a little bit of a wait, but they seated us within 15 mins.
They have a wide variety of rolls, but they also have some a la carte items that aren't included in the AYCE price.
I personally like cooked fish in my sushi and they have plenty options for fried and baked rolls.
Service was on par as we never waited long for our rolls.
The wait staff was very attentive and available.
A great place for AYCE if you live near the area!
I'll definitely be coming back!

The AYCE menu is honestly the best in the city for the price.
My family and I come here for Friday night dinner at least once a month.
It's PACKED on Friday nights but I've never felt like the service was busy.
Our food comes out in a timely manner.
The only all you can eat where they serve a sashimi order - 2 yellowtail, 2 tuna, 2 salmon.
Honestly, I think that makes it worth it.
If you're on the west side, I think this is as good as it gets.

First time having sushi in Vegas since moving here from Southern California.
Boyfriend and I were looking for an all you can eat and this had the best reviews.
They have a huge menu plus specialty rolls !
The baked mussels were pretty good, but the sushi portions were SLIM.. Like paper slim.
I've been to plenty of all you can eat sushi restaurants and never have I seen such a skimp!
And of course you can't leave rice behind so I'm still craving  sushi and filling up on rice.
That'd have to be my only bother.
The spicy baby octopus was really good too, never seen that served.
oh and that tempura batter is delicious!
Reminded me of a funnel cake.
Needless to say I devoured my deep fried specialty roll.
I will be back but I'm curious if you get better sushi when you order a regular dinner vs all you can eat ?

Food is good.
Service is not good.
We were distracted by the horrible music but everything we ordered was delicious.
Our waitresses were hard to communicate with, we could barely understand what they said and it was frustrating.
Also strange for them to be speaking Spanish in that kind of restaurant...

Have now come here about a dozen times since finding it and it's always consistent.
The people you meet at the bar who are also regulars have also been to AYCE sushi joints all over Vegas and we comment to each other about how we've all stumbled upon this gem and are glad we have.
Owner and staff and quality of food all 5 stars.
I feel I owe it to Naka to throw another 5 star update his way (since I eat a lot!).
Go Naka Sushi!

I still like going to eat here.
They have a good menu and I love the energy from the owner, Naka.
He is there every day and prepares the sushi.
They have a good dinner menu with decently priced dinner options.
Their AYCE is $21.95 per person, which is a really good price.
My only complaint is about one of the waitresses and her bad attitude.
She is not afraid to tell you no and will not compensate for any thing you ask.
If you talk to Naka directly he will.
So I advise you to sit at the bar because you get better service.
I recommend going their over any other sushi restaurant.

I am addicted to this place.
Very causal, and friendly.
Everyone is very attentive to make sure you are taken care of.
The sushi chef is a cool man.like to joke around and make everyone feel at home.
I seriously am at Naka sushi every week.
Perfect way to end my visit its with some green tea mochi.
Highly recommended, the fish is fresh, staff is friendly, environment is chill.
Perfect for families, and date nights.

Good quality of fish, and always fresh.
Staff are very friendly.
The owner is always present to make you feel comfortable.i highly recommend it.

I come here for the all you can eat sushi.
Its great for the price.
I wish I can eat oysters unlimited too though otherwise I don't have any complaints.

First time to this place, amazed with their fresh and delicuous food!
Will definitely home back!

Food is good fresh but the service is baaaaad..!
Waiters too busy to explain you the menu

The sushi is OK some days the rolls are falling apart other days they are great.
Have had a few not so good rolls overall mediocre VERY cheap though.
.When busy service is bad they only have 2 waitresses

Despite frequenting this restaurant for the last 3-4 months, we finally decided to go elsewhere.
The restaurant is 3 minutes from our home and the food is pretty good, but we feel so unwelcome by the owner.
Sure, I have three boys who love sushi.
Sure, they each probably eat more food than the $22 cost of dinner.
But it's disturbing that the owner (and sushi chef) glares at my family when we walk in.
Haha.
I would prefer that they raise prices than cringe when big sushi eaters take advantage of their pricing structure.
We used to laugh about it amongst ourselves, but quite frankly, I can't support a business owner who doesn't appreciate their regular customers.
We went to Sasa Sushi on Cheyenne the other night and service was much better.

This es the best suchi place I ever been the fish was fresh the statt was súper friendly I deffiinnetly recomended  Thank you Naka

Went with my sister last night...it was amazing and the price was perfect for AYCE.
We loved the side items and the sushi and rolls.
Although it is a tight squeeze of a place,  the waitresses are attentive and the sushi chefs are awesome and fast!
I recommend the sunomono salad, the sashimi plate, LA Boxing roll, and the straight sushi (nigiri) is perfectly proportioned!
You will not be let down!

Always fresh, nice staff.
Price is good !

Bomb!!!
One of the most horrible sushi place in vegas  terrible!!!
too much rice on nigiri Nigiri has too much sauces because its not fresh I had sickness after i ate naka Bad service  More than 10 tables and one server, one sushi man Have to wait more than 20 min to get your salad Never come to table..you should yelled to call the server Servers act like a king They think Customers are just a money!
Do not go there plz.
For yor health

Awesome sushi, staff is always super welcoming and friendly.
Can't go wrong with naka!
Make sure to take a trip down here and you won't be disappointed!

I come here everyday for lunch and dinner.
I really enjoyed eating at Naka Sushi.
I highly recommend.

We always go to Naka Sushi 2. times a week every time we go there they are verry bussy.
The food is so good and the server is Friendly thats why we always keep coming back I highly recommended this place .....

Had a chance to do a weekend dinner here.
The atmosphere was nice and the decor was pretty standard for a sushi restaurant.
The service was quite excellent.
Our server made a couple suggestions that allowed us to get the items we wanted for the most efficient price.
The restaurant offers all you can eat options, dinner specials and individual options.
We had the japanese lasagna roll, baked green mussels, california roll, scallop roll with yum sauce, and a salmon/jalapeno/avacado roll.
The ingredients were fresh and well made.
The rolls were tight, but the hot sushi didn't keep its integrity.
I don't think it is fair to expect hot sushi rolls to stay super tight.
The appetizer miso soup and salad were good as well.
The pricing was quite fair for all dishes.
I would recommend people go here for great sushi and the great service.
I'm not sure where all the negative reviews come from.
I get that there are people who know more about sushi than me.
That being said, I cannot see calling this one of the most horrible sushi places in Las Vegas.
That just seems a little ridiculous.

I love this place.
Not only do the have great sushi at reasonable prices, they have $1 hot sake!
$2 for a big bottle.
The staff is very friendly and always offers great service.
It gets a little crowded so feel free to call for reservations.
Also, one of the best all you can eat deals in town.

When the sushi monster hits, all you can eat sushi seems to be the only thought in our minds.
Lucky for us, we live close to a huge selection of AYCE sushi restaurants.
In order to narrow it down, I phoned around checking AYCE prices and Naka was the only one that had a great affordable dinner price - $21.95.
The other places were asking about $24 and up.
This place is a legit Japanese owned and run establishment (The chefs, all of the waitresses, and a lot of locals at the bar were Japanese).
This place is a local gem and I'm so glad we came here.
Great price for AYCE sushi, a nice big selection, the fish was super fresh and tasty, the fish to rice ratio wasn't too bad, and the service was great!
Let's talk about what we ordered:  Sashimi plate (1 per person) - the sashimi was fresh and sweet.
We got salmon, yellow tail, and tuna.
5/5  Salmon - my first love, they are sweet and buttery 5/5  White tuna - not bad, just not my favorite 4/5  Albacore - great firm texture and sweetness 5/5  Halibut - very fresh and sweet and melts in your mouth 5/5  Yellow tail - super sweet, buttery and fresh 5/5  Unagi - not bad, just not my favorite 4/5  Ama ebi - (1 per person) we loved that they offer sweet shrimp in the all you can eat meal, yet, it was ok, the sweet shrimp was small and a little different than what we're used to - maybe it wasn't as fresh?
We loved the fried heads though.
It was fried to perfection!
3/5  Uni - (1 per person) my boyfriend loved it, he said it was very sweet, very fresh, and very good uni.
5/5  Tamago - I loved it!
It was homemade and tasted like it was made with love.
5/5  Miso soup x 3 - the miso soup here is so good.
They came out at the perfect hot temperature.
Nice bits of tofu and seaweed.
Great miso flavor but not too salty.
This is how a miso soup should taste!
5/5  2 different rolls (Mark and Kara) - the rolls weren't bad, simple and filling.
I probably would just stick to nigiri next time.
3/5  Baked mussels (2) - very simple and not impressive, I would skip it next time.
2/5  Fried tempura jalapeños - they were hot and crispy - not spicy at all - but we enjoyed them.
5/5  Beef wrapped asparagus - these were in a teriyaki sauce, the beef was super tender and flavorful.
I loved these!
I could eat 5 more plates.
5/5  Strawberry Mochi - (1 sliced in half) typical boxed mochi ice cream, but it was yummy and a great palate cleanser!
5/5  Green tea ice cream - nice green tea flavor and we both loved how it wasn't too sweet.
5/5  This is a perfect option for the budget conscious AYCE connoisseur, but I have become obsessed with Sakana lately so you might catch me over there AYCE'ing it up.

I would give this place zero stars if I could.
They have horrible customer service - my husband and I came to try this place; we were really looking forward to it based on the reviews.
Well, as soon as we arrived, they attempted to seat us and asked if we were doing the AYCE.
We said yes, and asked about the prices.
The waitress said it was $22/person, but it would be an additional $9.99 for our two year old to join us.
(Which is the same price as an eight year old.
)  WTH?
You're gonna charge $9.99 for a two year old when kids this young are usually free?
Toddlers hardly eat anything and mine sure as hell doesn't eat seafood.
You've gotta be kidding me.
The waitress just kept pointing to the menu and repeating, "$9.99" If that's how your restaurant makes your money, you're doing something wrong.
PASS ON THIS SCAMMY PLACE!

I came here back when Yelp had Naka at 4.5 stars and I must say that I was extremely disappointed.
The nigiri had too much rice and the rolls weren't that great.
Not to mention there was only one server/waiter taking care of all the tables.
Since I don't want to be a total downer I will say that the quality of fish wasn't bad.
There are many better ayce sushi places in Vegas, don't waste your time and money coming here!

This place was amazing!
From the service to the fish.
The prices were more than reasonable and the sashimi was so fresh and tender.
The salmon, tuna, and yellowtail just fell apart when you ate it, and the portions were very generous.
Our server was amazing and attentive and answered any and all questions we had.
The nacho roll is easily my favorite so far!
I highly suggest this place.

Best place for real Japanese Sushi!
Most of the places in town are run by Koreans and Chinese who don't understand the true art of Nigiri, but Naka Sushi does!

I was craving a bento situation and am glad we finally tried this place !!
Their cucumber salad is a little different,  it is strung like spaghetti with seaweed on top..
I then had shrimp tempura , teriyaki beef and salad with ginger dressing for dinner.
I definetely recommend this place for both the  Food and service !

Great place!
Service is perfect score.
Polite, attentive, and fast!
Food is way better then expected.
This is the place to be in Vegas.
Price is more then reasonable for sushi

Great Sushi  This is one of my favorite sushi bars in Summerlin.
Located on Rampart and West Lake Mead, Naka Sushi is in the small corner of the strip mall next to a Dance studio, OmG Boba and Savers.
The sushi here is always great, the service is also pretty prompt.
The chefs are always friendly and personable.
I recommend the Brian Roll, the Miso is good and the Nacho Roll are all bomb.
Usually the custom hand rolls are also pretty Legit, one being the Nitro  Great AYCE lunch and dinner specials are great value.
Remember they are open on split shifts and not right through the day.
They have high chairs and are very good with the little ones.
The last time I was in there had to be at least 4 other tables with kids and were all catered to with either high chairs or custom rolls from them to eat.
Overall Drink: 3-5 Food: 4-5 Service: 4-5 Coming back: every chance I get

Visited Naka again last night.
Been there many, many times, but haven't been for about three months.
While service and food was generally very fresh and tasty, there was a noticeable change,  they have done away with their specials, no more oysters, scallop, wasabi masago, habanero masago.
Also there was noticably more rice with each serving of everything.
The serves and sushi chefs were very attentive as usual.

Was really looking forward to eating here.
It was highly recommended by my bf.
The food was great, the service great...However there was one particular incident that turned me off from Naka that occurred while seated at the sushi bar.
It was my first visit and it seemed as though we were not exactly welcomed...just didn't feel comfortable.
Even been somewhere and the energy was just off?
I will give this place another try.

