The tech guy was texting while he was doing my pedi ...
The area behind the pedi chairs was covered in dust and hair...
The towel he threw over my lap without asking had a big yellow stain on it...
He hurt me a couple times...
The finished product is a 6 out of 10.
If the manager or owner reads this... Just because people don't mention it doesn't mean it doesn't bother them.
CLEAN YOUR SHOP.
THROW OUT STAINED TOWELS.
DO NOT ALLOW TECHS TO TEXT.
If you can't afford to clean... You shouldn't be in the hospitality business.

I went in a few weeks ago and the man that took care of me was very rude.
He jerked my feet around, throwing them back and forth.
The water was too hot.
When i was trying to make up my mind about a color he said i leave you call me when you make up your mind, but hurry I have not had my lunch yet.
Then he charged me 10$ extra for putting crackel polish that i supplied.
When I questioned why he said it not the product, it the time it took to do it.
Really????
It was just one coat of MY polish.
I will NEVER go back there again.

Wife gets her nails, toes, brows done here regularly.
She is pretty picky about where she goes and finally settled on this place.
I got my first pedicure while waiting for her the other day.
Enjoyed the hot stone massage, the power massage chair and the soothing pedicure.
I was a little nervous being a big guy getting a pedicure, but they made me feel right at home.
The shop seemed clean and in order to me.

Great experience!
Went in for gel polish change, no manicure.
They only charged $15.
I've been charged up to $30 at other places.
No nonsense, quick service, no annoying upselling.
The place was a little messy but nothing that made me concerned about safety or sanitation.
I will go back for sure.

The guy was very nice and sociable but the place was dirty- spider webs everywhere!!!
No towels to wipes your hands on in the bathroom- but the older guy went in and came right now- obviously without washing his hands :(  The massage was more like a gentle stroke .
They didn't offer to do a callus removal either which was a bummer :(  Probably won't be coming back here unless I need to get in and out quick, since there wasn't any wait at all.

I was just in this place for a mani/pedi.
Pedi was done and I was told to sit at the mani station and she would be right with me, she was finishing up a pedi..25 minutes passes and I look at what she is doing...seems like the pedi CHANGED her mind and now want a mani...whoa...wait a minute..I am thinking first come first served...not the case here...while I wait another mani.
Takes on a fill job..who had come in after me..not the best customer service to say the least...I left, because I was passed over not once but twice..place needs some cleaning..and is it me or when you are the customer is it not rude to talk to your co worker...in a different language????
Stay away...at least till they get there stuff together...I for one will NEVER go again!

Wish there was a 0 star option.
My mother in law got a manicure and gel polish...the tech that did her nails left gel polish on her skin and didn't try to take it off when she mentioned it to him.
I got a pedicure and it was not relaxing at all.
My nails weren't filed evenly, and there was polish all over my skin.
When the tech was done painting my nails she immediately put my sandals on and told me to go pay.
I asked her if they were dry enough and she said "probably not.
" I wish I would have saved myself the $25 and gone somewhere else.

got an awesome pedi today.
I think they are under new management/ownership.
The tech did an awesome job.
It was the best pedi I've had in a very long time for a great price.
The salon was clean though a little stark (like I said, probably due to new management).
I will definitely go back again.

This place is horrible!
Went in for an acrylic set, guy was rude, was super rough with the dremel and the nail file.
That and I'm pretty sure he didn't know any english...which, when I go to a place like this I understand their english won't be amazing but I could not understand a word he said and he got really annoyed and short with me..
He also did a really bad job on my nails.
Won't be going back

