Was in the neighborhood driving by and spotted a sign for Nigerian cuisine in a little ethnic strip mall.
Wasn't really hungry but shoot I've ever had Nigerian food before.
I'm curious and I pull over and pay the restaurant a visit.
I enter with who I assume is the owner is watching Nigerian TV is also the cook and server.
She tells me that they've been open for six weeks.
I peer over the menu, unfamiliar with everything the owner recommends jollof rice with choice of stewed meat: goat chicken, fish, beef or a mixture of beef and goat.
Craving something more gamey opted for the goat and wash it down it a Vitamalt (Nigerian coke).
She heads back to the kitchen after taking my order and out she comes with one plate containing a rather slim, boney portion of meat and another plate containing the jollof rice topped with several slices of plantain.
I'm disappointed by the small portion of goat in comparison to the larger rice plate I receive.
Strangely one portion of the goat is falling off the bone tender while others are a little tougher.
The rice on the other hand is nice and fluffy, reminding me of Spanish rice.
The plantains are nicely cooked with their bark brown caramelized edges.
Solid.
Decor is sparse with the exception of a flat screen and considering that I was the only patron in the restaurant, I would've liked a little more attention.
Seemingly a little distant, I got the vibe that perhaps she wasn't used to seeing an Asian cat dining at a Nigerian spot.
All good though, I'll be returning soon as I'm in that neighborhood every week.
Hopefully I don't face the same experience next time I try their other offerings.

Do not go to this eatery.I repeat do not go eat at this establishment.
My girlfriend and I went here looking for goat meat and got the worst food and service ever.First they did not have anyone to sit anyone or greet guests as they entered the restaurant.The onwer lady came from the back and sat us.They took a long time to take our order since there was no wait staff.When the food got there it was all wrong.The owner had said its goat meat.He gave us goat stew which had fish in it.We did not want any fish-he kept concinvicing that there was no fish-just stock fish(whats' the difference?
)There was little meat to be had and plenty of stuff you did not want.Also when addressed the owner wanted to argue with us.Wrong!you never argue with a customer.I wanted lemon in my water for a little bit of taste.He did not have any so he went to the store and bought limes came and cut them up and tried to pass them off as lemons.Am not dumb I know limes from Lemons-get me some Lemons.The food was so-so to so-bad.Service was awful and not worth the expensive ticket meal.The Menu was not extensive and choices have to be offered for a complete dining experience.Do not go to this eatery at any rate.#atyourownrisk!

Well I was happy to eat amala ati egusi iyan naa fele dada aaa ,matin pada laipeee

Average naija food.
Not bad, but not great either.
Seems to be a spicy hot slant on the dishes, not a bad thing if one likes spicy food (like myself), but if not (like my girlfriend) prepare to shed tears and chase down each bite with liquid anesthetic (water, soda etc).
Nice lady running establishment.

This was my first time in a Nigerian restaurant as I normally enjoy the cuisine at the homes of friends.
The decor was sparse but the hospitality and spices were over abundant.
I attempted to eat the Jollof rice and goat meat but gave up after a few bites.
My Louisiana roots had not prepared me for the West African spice the proprietor graciously heaped upon my plate.
The portion was worth the cost but I took mine to go.
Next time I'll ask for the child's version of mild and a glass of milk to be safe.
The flavor I was able to ascertain was above average.
My Nigerian boyfriend enjoyed his cuisine and my pain.
I would definitely recommend this to friends.

Located right next to the Indian market in a plaza just south of the university, this restaurant is a little treasure.
Actually, it seats a fair amount of folks, but I was the only diner Thursday afternoon.
I had the lunch special--a huge plate of jollof rice and plantains and two large and meaty chicken drumsticks plus a can of soda for eight dollars.

Delicious!
When in Vegas my taste buds crave and appreciate an outing to Nigerian Cuisine.
Comfy, so-so decor, but yummy food!
If I wanted decor, I'd be in Ikea, given that its stomach that is doing review 4 strong stars.

This place changed ownership in June 2013 and thankfully changed cooks.
I have been here several times in the past few months and have been forced to taste more exotic cuisines.
The food is actually very flavorful.
I have had the egusi with pounded yam,  plantain plate, jollof rice, and meat stew with goat meat.
Each time my hesitation was met with delight and maybe a slight taste of hesitation.
The new owners have changed the decor (thankfully) and provide entertainment in the form of a big screen TV.
They strive to create a place to commune and enjoy good food and great company.
The fifth star is missing due to lack of a liquor license at this time.

