i love shila!
she does eyebrows really really good!
they're clean and perfect!
I will never go anywhere else!

Shila is the best threader in town.
I have very light eyebrows and most people miss several strays.
Shila always catches them all.

I wanted to try a new threading place once this other place messed up my eyebrows pretty severely.
I mean the other place cut off part of the end of my eyebrow and shaped each eyebrow completely different.
This place, on the other hand, was awesome.
They have some Yelp check-in special, always a plus.
They also made my eyebrows look PERFECT.
No complaints.
They're brand new.
I'm sure the Ganesh statue in the shop will help them with their business.

She was at Diva Beauty!
She is the best!
Tell everyone!

shila s the best --- ;-)  I'm an avid follower fr diva beauty 2 her own business --- more power 2 shila

Used the yelp deal to get my eyebrows done and am happy with the result.
Other places I have been to have not been able to fix a slight issue with my eyebrows but the lady here did a great job!
The only downside is that the place was crowded and it seemed like they were taking longer than usual.
however, I think quality results do need time so, yes, I will be going back here soon!
And $7 for eyebrows is the best I have seen here in Vegas..

Shila is #1- I do not trust anyone else with my eyebrows.
For some reason, whenever she does my eyebrows, it hurts way less than when anyone else has.
Not to mention...she makes sure they look exactly the way I like them.

Shila is the best!

Very good threading!

Wonderful eyebrow threading experience.
I just moved here from Vancouver, Canada.. where eyebrows only cost around $5 to be threaded, and this was the cheapest ($10) best place I could find, and all through Yelp!
They were professional, fast, and experienced.
Overall good experience; since it costs almost $20 anywhere near the strip to have threading done, very good deal as well.
Thanks!

You don't have to break it down to Shila how you want you want your brows, tell her how you want them and it is ON POINT.
She does an amazing job!
Not to mention her prices are worth it.
If you're looking to get your brows threaded this is the place!
I'm not one to write reviews but this place is well worth it!

Shila is the best!
I have followed her around for 6 years getting my eyebrows threaded.
She is the only person I trust to always do a consistent and fantastic job at keeping my eyebrows shaped and neat.
I'm so happy she has her own salon now!
Go see Shila!!

Beautiful job on my eyebrows!
First time here but not my last!

After the many positive reviews on yelp I visited Shila for eyebrow threading.
I am so happy I did!
SHe is  professional, very nice, and does a wonderful job.
I have been threading for about 10yrs now and have been to many professionals because of frequent moves.
She is definitely one of the best and I know that I am now a loyal customer.
Unlike many others, she cleans out everything leaving perfectly shaped brows with no extra hair.
No more need to clean up after a messy job.
Thank you Shila and thank you yelp for helping me find her!

After feeling like a hairy monkey for the past couple of weeks, I started doing my research on Google to check out the pros and cons of waxing & threading and i still couldn't decide whether i should get my eyebrows waxed or threaded.
So i just decided on finding someone that's great at either!
So i turned to Yelp (my  favorite best friend) and looked at EVERY place in Las Vegas with great ratings & read ALL the reviews (good  & bad).
Narrowed it down to a 5 mile radius from me and then FINALLY made up my mind!
I said "I'm going to SHILA whoever she is!
She sounds amazing at what she does and heck yeah I'm going to her if she opened her own shop she must be a awesome with people following her everywhere for the past 6 years.
" So Sunday gets here and I finally get to meet Shila!
She is the sweetest person, she's friendly, she listens to what you want, she's quick and very very good at making nice arches that will match your face.
Plus she's super affordable!!!

I love Shila!
She always does an amazing job.
She does exactly what u ask.
The place is always clean.
Ive been a long time customer of hers and I'm so happy to see she has her own place with her name on it.

I went to get my eyebrows done last week .....shila did an excellent job & she is very friendly....so happy I found a place to get my eyebrows done....my eyebrows are very curly & sometimes it is difficult for people to arch them.....but shila did them with ease...I will definitely be returning......

I have only known Shila for a couple of years I was her customer at her last job.
Out of everyone that worked there Shila was the only one that threaded my eyebrows without hurting me or accidentally cutting me.
She always had the longest line of customers waiting for her while the rest of the ladies stood with an empty chair on front of them.
Shila was the best there as still is the best now that she has her own place.
I would not recommend anyone else she is just amazing!!!!

Great work, and super clean, defiantly going back

I have been going here since it opened, but never gave a review.
I have gotten my eyebrows done at different places in town.
I've been a regular at DB, Eyebrows R Us, and Patel's.
What I did not like about those places is that they did not take their jobs professionally.
At DB, if they're on the phone they will make you wait until they finish their conversation, and they have done this to me a couple of times already.
Given that I have done that once during a visit, but it was for a very good reason.
Patel's customer service was lacking.
Both DB and Eyebrows R Us are not as careful as Shila's.
Shila's was the only place where they never cut me or left blood marks.
I don't really trust DB and Eyebrows R Us anymore because my eyebrows were a little bit uneven every time I get them done at their places.
Shila's would take their time to make sure that my eyebrows were perfectly even.
Threading hurts less when I go to Shila's.
I just love their friendly and professional atmosphere.
I don't trust my eyebrows anywhere else but Shila's.
I have tried almost every eyebrow threading business in town, and Shila's is by far the best.
Her business has the best deals, best service, great hours, great location, and I love their cute little place.

My wife is very satisfied with this place, very professional and friendly staff, she is always having a good time in there(or should I say fun)?
The prices are right also!
Definitely recommend these guys!

The girl that did my eyebrows was very sweet and patient with me since I'm a bat case when it comes to my face and eyebrows.
I usually only get mine done once every six months because I have thin hair and it takes forever to grow back, so when someone messes up it royally messes with my face for months.
I found this place based on all the other helpful yelpers, (thanks ladies!
) and it is definitely a hidden gem.
Its very clean inside and the wait was literally two minutes.
The pain was very minimal and much quicker than I expected.
Needless to say they came out great and I will be going back in 6 weeks since the girl that did my eyebrows recommended it and I trust her with my face shapers!

I come here every time to get my eyebrows done by Sheila and have never been disappointed.
She always does my brows the way I like them them.
I highly recommend this place.

Shila is great!
I used to have a go-to at Sumita, but since they've closed, I found Shila and she gets the job done!

Really hard for me to try new places for my brows but Im glad I tried Shilas!
The prices are better than Ziba which I went to regularly in LA.
Loved my brows, I will be back!

My bushy Spanish eyebrows were no match for the techniques used here.
Nice staff

awesome eyebrow threading place.
fast.
cheap.
great service.
i've been here multiple times and i've always walked out with fabulous eyebrows!

Great I did not have Shila do my eyebrows, but the other nice lady did a great job.
This was my first time here and I plan to make it a regular must do.
They do not take appointments only walk-ins.
I went on a Sunday, which is supposed to be a slow day, but they were pretty busy when I arrived around 3:30p.
Just tells you they are good...worth the wait.

Dibe was awesome!
I'm not from around, I was in town visiting my family and we found this place thru Yelp.
They have a Yelp check in deal and Dibe was really gentle.
I had my eyebrows and upper lip done.
My cousin had her face done for $25.00 she too had Dibe thread her.
I've been to many places and Dibe was super gentle!

Shila is LE-GIT!
Been going to her for 6 years.
She's gentle, uses the good thread, not no cheap shiz that rips off your skin!
Prices are cheap and staff is friendly.
Just hope she doesn't get too busy and hires a bunch of workers to do her job.
Then, I would have to find a new brow lady...

My wife loves this place.

I tweaked my eyebrows after visiting because they needed it...
Some people have nice, naturally arched brows, but I don't.
My eyebrows aren't very thick either, so in order to give them an attractive shape they need to be made a bit thinner (nothing crazy though).
I came to this place because it was on the way back from my salon and it had good reviews, but after she was done my eyebrows still had no shape.
She cleaned them up and made them even, but they were somewhat sloppy around the edges and I came home and brought my arches up and took care of some stray hairs because she didn't do that.
I used to go to this awesome lady back in Novi, MI and she did an outstanding job but it is SO SO difficult to find people like that.
For now I'll just buy my own brow scissors because with the exception of the lady in MI I can do a better job myself...
I even sent my best friend before/after pictures and she liked my eyebrows better after I touched them up.
If your brows already have a great shape and you want to pay to have them cleaned up--go for it.
You could probably do the same thing yourself though.
I shouldn't have to tell an eyebrow "expert" what I want her to change.
She should be able to give my brows the best shape for my face type instead of avoiding all shape just because she doesn't want to reduce thickness at all.
That doesn't work for me, but hey!
Now I know not to waste my time or money.
At least the people were friendly.

Always accurate, always friendly, always affordable.
'Nuff said!

Excellent!
I have referred many of my patients to Shila.
She is awesome and excellent.
Minimal pain.
They are busy and sometimes the wait can be long, but that is because everybody wants to see Shila.
She now has a couple of other ladies, the one on the far left when you come in has done me, she was awesome.
There was another lady, who is gone now, she was just ok. Everybody is nice.

I was in Las Vegas for fun and decided I should get my eyebrows threaded.
I normally do not go because mine are pretty thin and I can keep them looking nice.
However, I had not done any upkeep and decided that I would just continue to let them grow until being in Vegas.
I used yelp to find this place & was not disappointed.
It was very quick & was done well.
Something new for me was the use of rose water on my eyebrows after the threading was complete.
This was really soothing & felt very nice.
I was able to check-in and use the Yelp coupon.
I thought pricing was reasonable and had a good experience here.
I would recommend it!

I found this threading salon through Yelp shortly after moving to Henderson and I came here for the $8 eyebrow threading.
My main qualm about this salon is that the wait was very long.
The waiting room was completely packed and full of loud children running around.
I really loved the way my eyebrows were shaped though and I felt that the results were long-lasting.
I probably would not come back for the regular $10 threading because there are cheaper places that are nearer to me.

First time in for threading.
Professional, fast, affordable and lovely results!
Definitely coming back!

Went to Judi!!
Awesome job, paid so close attention to detail!
Definitely coming back next time :)

HORRIBLE!!!
I waited 30 min for Shila to do my eyebrows and then she just leaves and I'm stuck waiting another ten minutes for someone else.
The girl who did my eyebrows did the WORST job ever.
I was growing my eyebrows out because I like them thick and I told her this.
I also explained how I wanted an arch.
She gave me two uneven straight lines.
Worst job ever!!!
I will never go back here.
They're unprofessional and simply bad.

The staff here are all so friendly and cute.
They get really busy in the evening right when everyone is heading home from work, but I've never minded waiting.
I've never had a bad job from them, but then again I don't think I'm very particular about my eyebrows - I just want them to look neatly groomed.
I've also had my arms waxed as it was recommended for a photo shoot I was doing and the wax was only $35.
I don't see how you can mess up arm waxing, and they didn't, so that's good.

Went for my first time after years and years of having my brows waxed...the threading was painless and precise!!!
I was impressed.
Also I went at around 1 pm and there was no wait...sat down and I was done about 10 minutes later!!!
I will be back for sure!!

I decided to go to this place for the first time this morning after reading the reviews here and I have never been so happy with my eyebrows in the last 10 years.
Shila did an amazing job!
I don't think I will ever go to another place as long as she can do my eyebrows.
Thank you very much for such a great service!

I have been to many threading salons throughout the city and this one by far is my absolute favorite.
I've had many bad experiences and they were able to not only fix my eyebrows but have done an outstanding clean up every time.
Both ladies do a great job in paying attention to detail and not rushing thru it.
I live on the west side of town but it's worth the drive to have beautiful eyebrows!

So I use to go to Shila for my brows about 6yrs ago when she worked for another employer whom should remain nameless.
Once she left the company I had a hard time finding someone to get my brows how I wanted.
I moved to the Bay Area and found 2 ladies who came pretty damn close to what I liked but nothing on how Shila would do them.
once I moved back I found out she opened up her own place so I just HAD to make a visit and now she is the ONLY person  I will allow to touch my brows.
She def is my Eye Brow Threader for as long as I am in this town!

First time getting my eyebrows threaded instead of waxed and Shila did an amazing job!
Def my new spot for getting my eyebrows done!

Very good and fast

Great place for threading shila is awesome.
I got the eye lash extensions a few times very pretty but my last time getting them the next day some fell off

I found Shila Eyebrows Threading through Yelp and since I never wanted to go back to the eyebrow threading business at Town Square, I decided to give this place a try.
By the time I arrived there in the morning as a walk-in, there were a few people ahead of me, but it didn't take as long as I thought it would.
The chairs were comfortable and I spent my time on my phone.
When the lady called my name, she asked what I wanted and began to work.
She was wonderful.
Unlike the other place I have gone to that I won't name, the employees here are sweet and don't mock their customers.
With everything she did, she explained briefly what she was about to do.
She asked if my eyebrows were how I wanted them to be (they were) and she always made sure to ask if I wanted this area on my forehead threaded or not.
It was refreshing to have good looking eyebrows and employees who weren't rude.
I'd definitely keep coming back for my threading needs because of the employees and great customer service.
I'm never going back to the other place again.

What a welcoming and wonderful place!
I've been going to the same person in LA for 5 years and was nervous to try someone out here, but she listened to me and did a wonderful job on my brows!

Fast, cheap and the workers are friendly, can't beat that.
Been coming here for 6 months, no complaints.

The last threading business I went to really thinned out my eyebrows and left me bleeding from several tiny cuts.
Since then I've let my eyebrows grow back to the point of desperately needing to be cleaned and shaped.
Shila was not the one who did my brows for me, but the other woman working was very pleasant, although she did not bother asking me what I wanted before she started to work.
Despite that, I was shocked at how fast she was able to groom my brows.
It was near painless, and I did not get cut at all this time.
I was in and out of the door in just ten minutes.
Also, I saw on Yelp that eyebrow threading was $9, but they have since raised their prices to $10.

Long wait YES, but worth it.
Your gonna wait for quality.
Price was great.
Customer service was awesome.
Even though I wasn't a regular and visiting from out of state was treated just like the next customer...
EXCELLENT!
I suggest this place for those living and visiting :)

Always a fabulous job done by shila

Very quick!
Slightly painful, but they give me a tissue to wipe away my weak sauce tears every time.
I like my eyebrows natural looking and this place keeps my brows that way.
The staff is very friendly and efficient.
Great yelp find!!
I give this place 5 stars and two brows up!

I used a Yelp offer which is what drew me in to this establishment.
There are so many everywhere, you don't know which one to try.
They were busy but efficient.
She did a good job and I would return!

Wonderful place.
I have super light, thin eyebrows so I am always scared of going to a new threading place.
I stress that I just want them cleaned up (then they actually show up on my face), but so many times they get overdone and look horrible.
Not here!
I have  had all three women work on my eyebrows and they all heard what I was asking for and gave it to me!
Great job, fast, clean place and reasonably priced.

I found Shila's thru Yelp.
She was fast, efficient, experienced, and I left feeling prettier.
For $10, what more could you ask for?
I will definitely return.

I've never done any maintenance on my eyebrows before and it was my first time getting anything threaded.
This being said I looked up the closest and best place to get this done and the first to pop up was Shila Eyebrows Threading.
I walked in a few minutes after it opened and was greeted and asked to sign in.
A lady with the first name Rad-something (terribly sorry I couldn't remember nor pronounce it) sat me down and asked how I would like my brows to be done.
After saying its my first time and never having done any treatment to my eyebrows I was looking for a natural look and have it cleaned up.
She was careful and asked me questions whilst threading my eyebrows.
She even told me that the first time would hurt and it'll get better after every treatment.
After a good 10 minutes she showed me a mirror to look through and I was quite pleased.
My eyebrows looked nicely groomed (a lot better than it was before) and a lot cleaner.
There were no hesitations and she did a great job trimming it to fit my face.
I  believe Shila was there but she was busy with another customer.
I would say $10 isn't a bad deal especially since other places I've seen on Yelp charge more.
That being said they were really nice and did a great job.
I would definitely come back to maintain my new eyebrows!

Very professional, very good work.
I waited about 20 minutes though so I feel like they could have another person working, but then again I've never run a business so 2 people could be perfect for them :-) I will definitely be returning.

Love this place!
Way better than Eyebrows R Us.
Very friendly with decent prices.
I always use Sheila.

I have been seeing Shila for over 4 years!
She is absolutely AMAZING!!
I'm so very happy for her.
The staff is awesome!
Very friendly and all do a wonderful job shaping eyebrows!
It is very clean and always smells so fresh!
I recommend that everyone stops by Shila's

Professional, excellent service, and super organization prices are affordable

I came here the other day based on the awesome yelp reviews.
While nothing terrible happened, I'm not really sure what all the rave reviews are about.
The space is very nice.
Clean, minimalist, TV was not on too loud, large waiting area.
When I walked in, neither of the two ladies working bothered to greet me.
I saw two people sitting on the couches apparently waiting to be seen.
I looked around and found a sign-in sheet.
I'm not sure they were even using it, but everyone appeared to be seen in the order they came in, so it doesn't really matter.
My eyebrows are somewhat thinner than I am normally used to, but I guess it's my fault for not telling her before that I don't like my brows super thin.
Also, my eyebrows & upper lip were a lot more red than they normally are after threading and stayed that way for longer than usual, but maybe my skin was extra sensitive that day.
Finally, I broke out like crazy above my brows and above my lip a couple of days later, but I suppose that could be chalked up to my poor diet during exam week.
They did a perfectly decent job, and there are too many factors to decide whether or not my skin issues afterward were their fault or not.
There was definitely correlation, but I will not claim causation...
I'm just not sure I'll be coming back here any time soon.
Pluses: the first time you check in on yelp you get 10% off, and it's pretty cheap.

I get my eyebrows done here every two weeks and they always do a good job.
Great prices and nowhere else in Vegas I'd rather go.
Be sure to let the ladies know exactly how you want them and they'll turn out right.
It also gets really busy sometimes so make sure you call ahead to see how long the wait is.

followed Shila from "diva beauty", she's the best!

I used to come here for my brows because it was closer to my house.
I stopped about a year ago when they were super abrasive with the thread and cut my skin.
Retried this shoppe last October because I was in the area and needed my brows threaded.
I waited like 45 minutes and the shape was alright.. but not worth the wait or the hype.
I regularly go to Divine Threading now even if they're on the other side of town.

I have 2 favorite eyebrow threading salons and this is one of them.
I was recommended this place by an old co-worker 2 years ago and have been a fan since there.
It's located in the same plaza as Island Sushi.
The parking lot is actually pretty small, but they are a few assigned parking spaces for Shila's customers.
Anyways, whenever I go I always REQUEST for Shila.
Fortunately, they do have a sign in sheet that provides a space in which you can put down who you want to thread your eyebrows or whatever else.
There are a lot of people who wait for Shila so don't be surprised at the possible wait you might have to endure.
She's very good at what she does and she definitely takes her time and pays attention to detail.
I've tried my share of eyebrow thread artists and none compare like her.

Fast and painless.

I first met Shila in 2007 when she use to work for another well known eyebrow place that I won't mention here.
She was my go to threader when I visited that shop, and after awhile I couldn't find her.
She ALWAYS knew and STILL knows just exactly how I like my eyebrows styled.
I moved back to my hometown late 2010 and it was difficult to find a threader that could do my eyebrows the way Shila did.
After a year I went back to Vegas to visit and used yelped to find a threader and low and behold I found "Shila Eyebrows" ...
Wondering wow could this be really be her own spot, if so I would not be surprised!
I went to come in and found her and was estatic to see her threading.
My growing caterpillars on my face were happy to see her because it was time for a TAME!
I wasn't sure if she would remember me let alone remember how I like my eyebrows.
But when she saw me she said "long time no see!!!
" I was pleasantly surprised because she has a TON  of fans and customers that she has and for the fact I was gone for so long , that goes to show she appreciates her customers and remembers them!
We caught up as she fixed my face with her magical threading fingers.
I looked in the mirror and said "there it is!
I instantly felt more confident"  She still got it, I paid a visit just a couple days ago and I am still satisfied.
She's still the best at least for me.
Unfortunately this is my last visit in Vegas and  will surely miss her!

Love this place!
Girls are friendly & prompt.
Such a relaxing experience-- every time.
Never been happier with the shape of my eyebrows.
They sure know what they're doing!
I am going to make an appointment for a Henna tattoo, next time I go.
Excited!

Awesome place!
Just relocated to Las Vegas and trying to find a local spot to get my eyebrows done, since I now live here.
The establishment is very clean and presentable!
I'm definitely coming back in a few weeks!
Got my eyebrows threaded and it was fast and to the point!
The nice lady who did them listened to my request and did a fantastic job!
Thank you!
So happy for YELP!

Found my new fave.
Eyebrow threading spot!
Last two times I went to "eyebrows r us" my brows got butchered and uneven!
I never will go back to them again now that I found this little gem.
Shila was not there but another woman, Kruti, took very detailed care of me!
Told her I needed her to try to fix my brows due to the faulty work done in the past, and she took her time trying to ensure both sides were evn and up to my expectations.
I truly value Kruti's efforts and overall work!
Although it is out of my way to come here, I will def be back (;

