Dan Majerle's new joint, located on the corner of 2nd Street and Washington next door to his flagship eatery, gave me a pleasant surprise today when I stopped in for some quick eats.
Expecting simply "eatable," I got way more.
You will not find better pizza (2 slices for $6) or lunch hour service (helpful, friendly, smiling, composed under duress) anywhere in Downtown.
The combos include a drink and a nice little salad and there are a couple of flat screens tuned to ESPN.
I took my slices to go but next time I'll gladly eat in.
The only criticism I can make is that the selection of pizzas was a little weak, but I had no problem waiting three minutes for the next piping hot pepperoni pie to spring from the oven.
Great job, Thunder Dan!

Sorry this place is not good!
I like the old other place better and that is not saying much!
After I walked in and got the whole story from the guy behide the counter.
I felt bad and decided to try it.
NEVER AGAIN!
Don't get me wrong I love eatting at Marjerles.

After a very disappointing experience at Brooklyn Pizza, I didn't have high hopes for pizza within walking distance of my office.
But this place proved me wrong.
Decent portion sizes, reasonable pricing and quick service.
I only wish there was bacon on the pie.

Love the pizza especially the Margherita!!
Fun staff always great service and they now have hot wings!
Cha-Ching!

Great location with fast service and cheap drinks ($5 for wine and beer).
I pre-gamed here while I waited for my friends to join me for the Madonna concert, great idea since the drinks in the concert venue were $16 a piece.
Ouch.

Basic pizza place downtown with downtown prices.
The pizza was good and the guy working was really nice but the music was way too loud for an early Wednesday lunch and I didn't feel like the two slices and soda were worth the $8 price tag.

Went in for a slice of pizza($3.50) and wasn't disappointed.
Although the ambiance wasn't great(smokey from burnt pizza crust in oven) the sausage pizza was good.
Thin crust with a nice balance of sauce and cheese.
Will stop in again when in the area.

Very good NY style pizza.
Staff were helpful.
Area was a little cramped, and price as high for pizza slices.
Used to $1 pizza slices which seems only available ironically in NY, the most expensive city in the US.
So to see $3.50 for a pizza slice seems a but high.
WIth better pricing, I would give it a better rating.

Delicious food at a reasonable price, especially for downtown Pheonix.
The place itself is a bit cramped but I had no problem finding a table.
I ordered the pepperoni slice, 6 wings and a large soda for $10.
The pizza was great.
Thin, with a slightly crispy crust and a delicious sauce.
The wings took a few minutes but were large and pipping hot.
Would definately come back.

I wound up here for several fast lunches during Phoenix Comicon.
Service was definitely great, they did a great job of handling the huge swarms of nerds that were lined up through the front doors onto the street.
If not for the convenient location, can't say I'd come back though.
Pizza was good, just not necessarily for that price.

By far, the worst customer service I've ever received.
The workers are rude, sarcastic, and pushy.
The place is extremely crowded, and their food is overpriced.
I can guarantee you'll find better pizza places downtown, just not here.

Yuck.
I had time before an event at the Convention Center so figured I would stop in for a slice of pizza and beer on a weekend day.
The place was pretty busy.
When you stand in line next to the pizza behind the glass, you kind of think you should order from that person making the pizza.
NOT.
They do not even acknowledge you.
You get to the register then order.
Girl in front of me was certainly confused by this as well.
I get a pepperoni slice and beer, go outside to eat and when I lifted the pizza, so much oil came off it I felt like I was on a hidden camera show.
The slice was completely like a wet rag and flopping over.
On top of that the cornmeal or whatever it was on the bottom was all burned.
It made my fingers look like I was picking up coal.
so I finished this mess of a pizza and go to throw away my stuff and the big round open barrel, the kind you buy at Lowes for landscaping is completely full and a mound on the top existed for you to add your plate to.....very carefully so you do not knock off other trash to the ground.
It amazes me that a place that only serves slices and beer cannot get that right.
I venture to guess they will be out of business the next time I am downtown.

Worst place ever order the pizza pepperoni with wings Pizza comes out half cooked on all over greasy and we waited about 20-30 minutes just to get the pizza and when it comes out we tell em its not cooked all the way and the girl touches the pizza with her fingers disgusting any other people are waiting in line for the pizza long then we had been thee not going back it suck there

Wound up here for a quick dinner and it hit the spot.

Don't eat here!
In short, I agree with the other reviewers who said "crappy food," "terrible customer service," and "overpriced.
"  My office just moved downtown and I thought I'd grab a slice to go for lunch.
How long could that take?
Answer: 20 minutes.
It was nine bucks for a cheese slice, a tiny salad and a tiny drink.
The pizza was mediocre at best.
The gal behind the counter asked if I wanted ranch or vinaigrette on the salad.
I said vinaigrette, and she gave me ranch.
When I reiterated that I had asked for vinaigrette, she said "oh, we're out of that.
"    THEN WHY DID YOU EVEN ASK ME?
Finally made it to the cashier, who was taking her sweet time with everyone (even thought the line was back to the entry door).
I asked if she had a bag (she didn't offer) since I was taking the food to go.
Instead of bagging up my order, she handed me the food and an empty plastic bag.
So I had to bag it all up myself and further hold up the line.
I predict this place would die in a heartbeat if it weren't for the convention center being across the street -- and deservedly so.

I am from Jersey.
I know good pizza.
This was just okay.
This place did well in a pinch.
But not saying much.
It's frickin PHOENIX, not exactly a hotbed of pizza choices.
I had a red creme Barq's though.
That was the best part.

What a drastic change two years can make!
Wanting something different from my standard rotation, I went back to DPL for pizza and wings.
Because this has been a wild week and I needed some change.
Unfortunately, this was *not* the appropriate place to get food.
I should have known when I was one of three customers at 11:42 a.m. that turning around and walking the other direction would have been a blessing for my tummy.
Instead, stubborn as I am, I placed my order for two slices of pizza (sausage and a supreme0 and an order of wings (hot).
After being informed it would be 10 minutes for the wings to be cooked, which is fine really, my pizza was placed in the oven to be reheated.
Needless to say, my pizza slices were boxed and setting on the counter quite a while before the wings were even done.
This might have accounted for the funky odor the sausage pizza had when I tried eating it.
Okay, perhaps the wings would be more inspiring?
Nah!
Standard hot wing sauce.
Attempted to eat the supreme--epic fail.
I pride myself in being able to eat a lot, and a lot of different things.
But this was one of those meals where I was so happy I made green juice in the morning, because there was no way I would be able to either finish this "food" and would be hangry [that's my niece's word for when she's so hungry she gets angry] all afternoon.
What to say about service?
I felt the young lady was attentive initially, and cordial.
Then she just kind of faded.
She and the cashier both seemed frazzled when two more people showed up before my wings were done.
Can't say I'll be back, unless I'm trying to sabotage a date.

Good Pizza.
Went at about 3pm, no crowd.
Right across from US Airways Arena and a few blocks from Chase Field.

