This Chinese restaurant is quite famous online, and there are lots of positive comments online.
Last night we tried to have dinner here, but was blown away for the long queue here, so we decided to have another trial here for its dim sum.
I am not a Cantonese, and I believe that the dim sumshouldbe ok, and might not accomplish a five-star.
Its choice is not so plentiful, however the price is quite smiling, so I will give it a four star to encourage.

Dim Sum... anytime... Every visit.
Every Time.
Only place you can find the noodle rolls with pork ribs.
The shrimp and beef noodle rolls are good too.
the noodle is not too thick and cakey.
Also has buy one get one free Lobster with noodles.
Great deal.
about $30 bucks.
Tastes way better than Orchid Garden.

IF I COULD GIVE THIS PLACE ANY NEGATIVE STARS..
I WOULD GIVE THEM A -2*  the food SUCKED!!
staff was okay.. but the food SUCKED...

I had a late night special meal - sweet and sour chicken with fried rice, complimentary hot tea, soup and oranges for dessert for ~10.
- tea was smooth, soothing.
- waiters are hasty.
fast service.
- unclean yet not filthy restaurant.
- Not a deal.
Small portion.
- disappointing taste.
tasted like sweet and sour chicken at costco.
-____-  I came back here for their lunch special on Monday and I ordered  3.95 level c Dim Sum 6.50 lunch lemon chicken for $14  - The lunch special came with egg drop soup which was pretty good - I enjoyed the lemon chicken.
- It also came with an egg roll  - Average Lunch special taste  - Free hot tea!
Bonus!
- Dim sum that I got was pretty good.
- I'll come back for lunch

went to Harbor Palace for dim sum,most was cold and the same carts came around 4 or 5 times with the same cold dishes on carts.Used to be a lot better but seems like things have changed for the worse.will not be going back anytime soon.

Yuck Yuck about 2 years ago this was a Decent joint for authentic Chinese What Happend???
I am in Vegas and my family chose to return What a Mistake and where do I start First of all the place was filthy the rest room faucets were broken only hit water worked the tea was served with Luke warm water we ordered four dishes came out to $70 the service stunk my two boys wanted a smoothie for desert so I ordered two after I paid for the bill we waited 25 additional minutes as they forgot and were under staffed other people were upset at the bad service Chinese and tourists And the food was ok at best I will never go back there again and it was so bad it felt like the place had been taken Over due to a gamblers debt and the new owners have no idea when it comes to running a restaurant Funny thing I asked  My wife if she wanted to walk out when we first got seated but we stuck it out as We were starving kid thing but I should have trusted my instinct and visited the restroom before I ordered This place stunk and if they don't clean up there act I have a feeling they won't be in business very long

The food was horrible!
First, the Cheung Fun (rice noodle rolls) were hard.
Second, the lady was asking if I wanted Siu Mai and I said yes.
The Siu Mais came with no wraps and they tasted awful.
Later on, I saw the real Siu Mai with wraps and ordered.
They tasted bad too cuz they were sour!!!
but they were the usually Siu Mai I eat.
I asked the lady about the ones without the wraps, she said those were Crystal Siu Mais.
The first lady didn't tell me about it.

I hate giving 1 star, but the place is dirty!
YUCK YUCK YUCK!
I hate finding this out after I ate, but that's when I went to the restroom and wish I hadn't seen all the dirt on the walls, floors and I could see into the kitchen, YIKES!
Where's Kitchen Nightmares?
The food, tasted OK, but nothing super or special.
The service was quick and good.
But I can't get over the place being DIRTY!
YUCK YUCK YUCK....ICKY POO POO!
NONONONO Not again....

Charged us $96 for a catfish after quoting price as $30 (still too much for the small gnarly fish we got).
All I could do was laugh and wish I had eaten on the strip.

This restaurant was better than what people reviewed.
Good service, decent food, very affordable, and some what clean.
You are in the Chinese restaurant.
Don't look for super clean.

After a long night in Vegas, I was craving dim sum the next morning.
I have been to Harbor Palace for dinner several times but it was my first time here for dim sum.
I have to say, the dim sum was not good!
It was very disappointing.
I ordered siu mai, har gow, chicken feet, shrimp rice roll, glutinous rice wrapped with lotus leaf, pork bun, and this vegetarian dish.
The soy sauce for the shrimp rice roll was really watered down for some reason so the rice roll tasted really bland.
The chicken feet was alright but it was a little too oily for me.
The siu mai and shrimp dumpling was alright too.
You can't go wrong with ordering that at a dim sum place!
The vegetarian dish was a little weird.
They used too much corn starch to thicken the sauce and you can tell because the sauce was chunky.
It was very unappetizing.
The decor of this place is kind of runned down and old.
It definitely needs some renovation, especially because it was one of the restaurants in the main plaza of Las Vegas Chinatown.
They should make an effort to build a better image for themselves and for the town.
The place was also understaffed.
There was one lady taking care of 3 carts!
I felt bad for her that she had to take care of all these tables and also manage her carts.
The tea that we ordered was also not that good quality because after the second refill of hot water, the tea became really bland and lost the taste and aroma of the tea!
Usually tea leaves can last through couple of refills.
I am still on the search for a good dim sum place in Vegas!

If you're craving dim sum in Vegas, this place in Chinatown is okay.
It's not the cleanest; it's kind of dimly lit, but the food is not bad.
I received room temperature Shuimai (the crab cakes wrapped in wonton wrappers); NOT a good sign.
However, their tofu dessert (Dofuhua) was pretty good.
Overall, their food is just average in temperature (never "fresh"), taste and price.

Came here I believe the night before Christmas.
It was Super packed!
Not only this restaurant but the whole plaza!
No parking, plus all the crazy angry Asian drivers.
The sat us at a table by the entrance, so while we were eating people were standing by us waiting and just looking which is SUPER awkward.
The tea cup and spoons were not washed thoroughly.
They had some weird stuff on them.
They were also hosting a party in one of their side rooms which is annoying because they reserved the room on a really busy night.
Which meant that they got to enjoy themselves and not really have to wait when everyone else were crammed in the main room.
I would have given this place two stars, but I understand that it was super busy and that they were doing their best.
I felt bad for one of the service people because she was kind of old and she was running back and forth trying to service everyone.
The food was ok for me but my parents love how the food taste, but they don't really know how to eat.

Dim Sum is Okay.
Staff and service are good.
Dim Sum prices are pretty good.
Average Chinese Dim Sum place, but don't know any place better that is close to the strip.
Overall three stars, just close your eyes if you need to go to the restroom.

Bless our server, she was doing her best.
But the management and restaurant have no idea what's going on.
Everything is dirty.
We ordered 8 dishes and only 7 came out.
The server kept asking the kitchen for it, we could hear the yelling, but it didn't come until the very end of our meal.
When I tried to complain to the manager about having the late dish taken off my bill she tried to pin it on the server.
It was not the servers fault.
The restaurant is unorganized.
Food is decent but not worth the extravaganza

This is my go-to late night chinese food fix restaurant.
usually order salt n pepper shrimp (no head, no shell) or salt n pepper pork chops or Mongolian beef or beef broccoli or beef chow fun or I dont know what else.
But I of all the times I've eaten here, never had any bad food.
Everything tasted good and since we were there late, never had a problem with service.
I recommend this place for dinner anytime.

They chased us out for tip!!

First impressions.
This place is dark, dank, and depressing.
Inattentive customer service, even allowing for lowered expectations for a Chinese restaurant.
Waitress checking her watch as we order.
Dim Sum average at best.
Or at least what we were able to try.
After our initial order, the carts just powered past us and our outstretched arms.
No more for you round eye!
Do yourself a favor and research dishes here on YELP before visiting.
Know there are six pages of Chinese language menu and very rudimentary English descriptions.

I walked in with a $15 Restaurant.com coupon.
I asked the hostess/cashier if I could use the coupon for take out.
She said yes, but there would be a 15% gratuity added to the bill which is clearly written on the coupon.
I ordered Potstickers ($6.95), Steamed Salted Fish with Pork ($10.50), 1 order of Custard Tarts (Don Tot) ($2.10), and 2 orders of Deep-fried glutinous rice dumpling with pork (haam sui gau) ($2.10 each).
The 6 Potstickers were huge with a thick dough, just the way I like it.
The filling was generous and tasty.
They weren't burned.
It came with a side of hot chili oil.
I would order them again  The Steamed Salted Fish with Pork was a childhood favorite comfort food.
Not every Cantonese restaurant has this on their menu.
I think it is an acquired taste to eat stinky fish.
It came as a steamed ground pork patty with julienned ginger and salted fish on top.
The 3 Custard Tarts were bite-sized.
That was the last order on the Dim Sum cart.
They were with a silken custard in a flaky crust.
Yum!
The 3 Deep-fried glutinous rice dumpling with pork were good.
They are best eaten fresh and not reheated.
I would order everything again.

This was my second visit for Dim Sum using a $15 Restaurant.com coupon.
They were located on W Spring Mountain Rd/Arville Rd in Las Vegas Chinatown.
As soon as we sat down, the metal carts surrounded us and kept on coming.
We started with:  Shark Fin Dumpling:  4 good sized thin skin dumplings filled with meat.
Pork Spareribs in Black Bean Sauce:  Average, a little fatty and not much black bean or jalapeno.
Custard Tart (Don Tot):  3 small bite-sized custard tarts.
I got these off the cart before they ran out.
Too many times I've gone to Dim Sum and the Don Tot are not ready or they are sold out.
This is one of my favorite childhood pastries.
Then we ordered:  Shu Mai: 4 shrimp and pork dumplings with a small shrimp on top.
More than bite-sized.
Har Gow: 4 dumplings filled with small whole shrimp.
Most places mince the shrimp.
Deep-fried glutinous rice dumpling with pork (haam sui gau): 3 crisp dumplings filled with ground pork and dried shrimp.
The shrimp was a nice touch.
Green Bell Pepper with shrimp: 3 slices green bell bepper topped with a shrimp paste.
This was a dish that not all Dim Sum houses serve.
My friend will be back just for these.
Baked Coconut Custard Buns: 3 baked buns filled with coconut custard.
My friend said Oakland (California) Chinatown is better.
I thought they were decent.
The carts kept on coming around.
They didn't have a large selection of Dim Sum, but we could have ordered some items off the menu.
I was looking forward to the Chinese tamales, Sticky fried rice, and BBQ pork pie, but did not see any.
It took a while to get the check and a To Go box.
There are a lot of other Dim Sum houses in the Las Vegas area, but I would come back.

This is one of the first Chinese joint to opened up Chinatown, and I really cannot stretch how distinguish this place is.
It is one of those place you cannot avoid seeing driving down from the Strip.
The décor was quite run down and dirty.
They served dim sum and other Chinese dishes.
Dim sum looked ok on average, while some of them looked somebody like vomited on it.
The taste was mind blowing in a negative way.
Some of them tasted like cardboard, while some just tasted bitter, and choices seem very limited.
The regular dishes had a unique bland flavor and gooey look to it, which was not appetizing at all.
Service was terrible here!
We called out for to the staffs a few times with no response and finally had to make some loud noise to get their attention, which really reminded me of mainland China.
Harbor Palace Seafood...
Thank you for giving our group diarrhea on the way back to Utah, something was definitely undercooked.
On another hand, I found my worst Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas.
I never knew such taste can exist in dim sum, even worse than the worst in my home state.
Maybe that is one reason to try this place?

While visiting Las Vegas I was eating at the Fremont Hotel's Seafood Fantasy Buffet on Tuesday night with my family..........a few hours later (into the evening), one of my family members experienced projectile vomiting, & ungodly nonstop diarrhea from eating at the Fremont Hotel's Seafood Fantasy Buffet!
The next day when it was time to eat again, there was no way that we were gonna do any buffet!
Had to look for something to take out, and something light for my loved one, so off I went to the little Chinatown area on Spring Mountain Road.........I found this rather large Chinese restaurant called - Harbor Palace Seafood Restaurant.
In I walked, and the first thing I asked them is if they sold juk (Chinese porridge)?
Lucky for me this was our savoir!
I was able to get the juk that I wanted for my loved one, it was rather expensive, but when you need it, you need it!
This place offered seven types of juk -  1.
Frog Leg Porridge  -  $19.00 for Large 2.
Seafood Porridge - $17.00 for Large 3.
Fish Porridge - $17.00 for Large 4.
Fisherman Porridge - $17.00 for Large 5.
Pork Porridge - $12.00 for Large 6.
Chicken Porridge - $12.00 for Large 7.
Beef Porridge - $12.00 for Large  I ended up ordering the Fish Porridge...........it was the perfect thing to have, when you have a loved one ailing from a queezy stomach.

Very good Dim Sum.
Some of the food was warm at best.
The rest was hot and fresh.
I don't know why people are giving bad reviews.
I'm Chinese and it was fine to me.
I've read bad reviews about the bathrooms...
They are "Circus Circus" clean bathrooms NOT Mandalay Bay bathrooms which is fine for a small restaurant.
The people are very nice and polite.
The prices are a bit on the high side compared to other places but I am not from the area or state so I cannot comment on the cost of living.
I had hot tea but asked for cokeS for my wife and daughter and they knew to bring forks for them.
Overall they have good food and good service, but prices on the high side.
There were 3 of us and the bill was $60+.
However I did have some take home so you could subtract about $8 of it...
I also went a bit overboard since I have not had Dim Sum in quite awhile.

This place is okay.
I go here for Chinese food.
They have good beef and chicken dishes.
The Lobster and noodles was pretty good.
The sizzling rice soup is not great.
I have had much better.
The rice is not crispy enough.

I wish I could give this place 0 stars...but the lowest I can give is 1.
ANYWAY, service is ridiculously AWFUL in this place.
I don't know if they have something against Filipinos, but three groups of Filipinos have walked out since we sat here.
Yes, I am here at the restaurant writing this review.
Why?
Because we have been waiting for our dimsum for 20 minutes now.
I am doing this review to kill time.
When we got here, we were never handed the menu.
BUT, the other two groups who came in after us, were handed their menus AND GIVEN SUPER VIP TREATMENT.
They gave their drinks right away and their menus.
When we flagged down the person (with glasses) at the front reception area who sat us down (since no one was around to help us) to ask for menus, he dropped the menus on our table as if we were a big inconvenience to him.
Same for when he dropped off the food we ordered...he dropped it on our table like he was forced to work today or not getting paid to work here.
Also, while writing this, three groups of Filipino have walked out of the restaurant because of their service.
SO, if you are craving for Chinese food...DO NOT COME HERE!!!
Service is terrible!!!!
Avoid this place!!!
Go somewhere else where it is worth to pay your hard earned money for food and service.

Food was great !!!
Service is extremely poor!!
I granted a dollar tip!
Due to a huge language barrier orders were lost in translation.
Even if you ask with a charming smile accompanied with a polite please the waitress greeted you with furiously rolling eyes and a disgruntled grunt!
Seriously where is my water?!!!
I am parched!!
Tip for tat: if you work in the food service industry, Do not count your money in front of your customers with a smile then serve your customers with an ugly frown and poor service!!

Service sucked; asked for water 3 times personally and a few times by others at my table, and it didn't come until after we asked over 5 times.
Same thing for additional sauces.
Huge language barrier in this restaurant; bring someone who can speak and understand Chinese for adequate service.

One of the worst places I have ever been to.
The service is horrific and the server named Chuong is terrible.
I made 3 simple requests and he still could not carry it out.
The food is decent.
Would not recommend, not getting your money's worth.

This place is AWESOME -LY HORRIBLE!
I honestly wished I drove the extra mile and went to Cathay House.
This visit will actually keep me from returning.
Dim sum selection were very minimal.
Wait time for drinks was bad.
And when I asked for a specific dim sum the lady looked at her cart and took off without answering my question!
WTH!
So with that being said... happy eatings!...
else where!

Oh.
My.
Sweet.
Jesus.
What.
In.
Lord.
Buddha's.
Name.
Is.
This.
Restaurant.
Doing?
Where to even begin here?
The food is piss poor, the restrooms looks like the one from that horror movie "Saw", and the service because of the language barrier is horrible.
(I may be Asian, but I'm definitely not Chinese)  The waitress was nice and kind, but she didn't understand anything that we were saying.
The food smelled off and was unbelievably greasy, you have no idea.
I wish I took photos, but I couldn't because I didn't want a picture of that disgusting pile of slop on my phone.
Please heed my warning, do NOT eat here.
DO NOT EAT HERE.
Don't do it, it is a total waste of money.
This place is terrible.
I will give it a second chance only if it steps up its game better.

What a shame how dirty this restaurant has become.
I think a lot of yelpers are a little harsh on the food.
It's fine.
A little greasy, but it's OK.
Doesn't deserve 1 star.
I think the 1 star comes from poor service and how run down it is.
The service is worse than a typical Chinese restaurant, but to me it's always been that way.
My wife is Chinese and I'm used to the personality.
However at seafood harbor it's worse.
Seems to be accepted by management if not encouraged.
It's a shame.
A little clean up, and some lessons in customer service and they might see a real increase in sales

This place is great we will definitely be back again and again and again!
They also have a late night menu that looks good too!
We ordered the family dinner B.
Everything was perfect!
5 stars

Absolutely no customer service!!
The waiter doesn't even offer a greeting just rudely asks what we want and then quickly walks away before we can finish what we're saying.
Food is just ok.
Decor is outdated.
Definitely will not come back here.
Good luck getting the checked.
Waved down the server but they ignored us.
Not that we wanted to pay for this awful experience.

We had a lot of fun here and went twice in one week.
Dim Sum was the reason we were here.
We enjoyed all they had to offer on their Dim Sum menu.
All the food was great and prices were exceptional.
If you are traveling with a group, this is so much easier and cheaper.
The staff was friendly, Restaurant was clean, coupled with the great food and service - what more could you want!!!!!

Is so bad.
The food on the menu sound great but totally different when they come out.
The price is too high and no lunch special either.
We used to eat here in the morning for dim sum.
Decide to go for lunch and I don't think I'm coming back anytime soon.

