Great medical practice.
I have thyroid issues and need to see this doctor on a regular basis.
Here is some great items I like: 1.
Calls to confirm apointments a week in advance.
They answer the phone.
They can look up my info and email me.
Professional group of individuals that work here.
I don't know about you, but my past experience is that it is hard to get prescriptions at my regular doctor filled, or someone on the phone.
Glad these guys stepped it up and seem to be on the ball.
Keep up the great work!

They are great!
I had to go in and get a biopsy done and i am not one to just walk in with a smile on my face for these types of things...
I FREAK OUT!
They were very, very nice and reassured me that everything was going to be OK.
They let me rest for a bit before the procedure.
They were gentle.
I would definitely go back.
They stated the results would be back in a few days and if need, they could tell me over the phone if i could not come back in for a follow up.
The always answered the phone when i called.
They are open a little later then most medical practices for those who work Monday though Friday, 9-5.
Very friendly atmosphere and great attitudes!

Are you tired of going to the doctor, and after you've waited an extra 30 minutes to an hour after the time your appointment was scheduled, a nurse finally calls your name, weighs you, takes your blood pressure, and then leaves you alone for another 15 minutes or so, after which the doctor comes in, listens to your heart and lungs with a stethoscope, and then tells you that everything is fine without ever listening to what you have to say or asking how you feel?
That's not what you get at DeRosa Medical.
In fact, this is the type of place you think of when you read articles about doctors who treat celebrities or athletes.
First of all, they are located in a very nice office building that doesn't feel like a doctor's office and you aren't going to find yourself in a waiting room fearing that you will get sick just from sitting next someone who appears to be at death's door.
Secondly, they respect your time and aren't going to overbook.
This is the first doctor's office I have ever visited where every appointment has actually started within 5 minutes of the time it was scheduled.
Finally, this is where it gets good.
They not only take your blood pressure and get your weight, they also draw your blood and do complete labwork when you start in order to get a baseline.
And more importantly, they listen to your questions and concerns!
I went in because no matter how much I went to the gym or what I did, I'd noticed my energy levels weren't what they used to be and I wanted to find out if this was just an irreversible part of aging or if something could be done.
It turned out that my testosterone levels were low.
The doctor answered all my questions about what that means, recommended Testosterone Replacement Therapy, wrote me a prescription and gave me a sample to get going immediately.
Within a week I felt physically and mentally better than I had in years.
I went back after 30 days to have my bloodwork done again and found that my testosterone levels are back up to normal with no negative side effects.
In fact the only side effects are that I feel like a teenager and I am building muscle much easier than I ever have!
I'll be going back in another three months to draw blood again and to make sure that everything stays good, and I appreciate that unlike most doctors they are actually interested in monitoring the long-term effects of their recommendations.
The office works with both men and women and they take most major insurances, so if you want to counteract the effects of age or just want to go to see the best doctors you've ever met,  go check out DeRosa Medical.

CAUTION!
If you are a women and feeling tired, complaint of not being able to lose weight they will get you diagnosed with a thyroid condition, set you up for failure and sell you everything under the sun.
My experience like others in this town that have left this practice has been nothing but AWFUL!
If you like care salesman tactics this place is for you.
It's all about selling you!
I came to Derosa because I had been feeling tired for the longest time, not able to lose weight after giving birth to my children.
I was ignorant towards this type of "business".
Upon coming in for my initial visit after having my blood work taken I was asked to "sign" paperwork saying I would be liable to pay for "pellets" IF my insurance didn't cover them.
Not knowing what "pellets" were I asked the front desk clerk, whom by the way looked 12 years old with a sloppy bun on the top of her head.
I should have left then.... She said they will make you gain energy and lose weight everyone loves them.
WOW a miracle!,, I said I could afford to pay a whopping $300 for them if insurance wouldn't pay.
And I quote she said "you have United Health Care they always pay"...
So I went ahead and signed, starting the journey to the biggest mistake I've made in years.
Of course I was diagnosed with hyperthyroidism just like everyone else that walks in this place I'm to find out!
They convince me I need major testosterone!
I get these pellets... Two weeks later I'm suffering from roid rage, Kari is growing out of my chin like a man growing a beard, pimples all over and to boot my voice is getting deeper.
I go BACK like a FOOL and they tell me I didn't have enough making me feel ignorant to the medical field I take another "booste" of these pellets.
I'm feeling worse no energy as promised no weight Los nothing but pimples, rage, and facial hair.
I call and complain they say it has to leave the body before I can feel better.
HOW aWFUL!
Who does this?
Money hungry businesses that's who!
Now months later I'm still complaining about the very same simptoms ....
Meanwhile toe office staff is a bunch of screwballs setting me up for over four appointments in the course of eight months, all four had to be canceled or changed to another person, not a doctor god knows who they have seeing you!
The office manager calls me everything saying they had all these changes, this women Linda ends up to be the devil!
So two months ago, walla I receive a bill for these cancer causing pellets, yes CANCER causing pellets that they basically made me sign off on.
They lied said insurance would cover....
I called to discuss the bill three times the guy Shane was away, then out etc.
I wanted an adjustment as I felt I was PUSHED into "buying" them.
Never a discussion further.
I made one last attempt to go I to the office three weeks ago.
THIS WaS THE WORST eXPERIENCE!
.......
They walk up to me to "sign" off on these darn pellets again...
I said "I've been here so many times I've told you over and over again I'm not Doing them I've had an awful experience" the girl said " well we have everyone sign them" this means they try to sell them to EVERYONE!
I go in with same symptoms as eight months ago but now I'm dealing with heart palpitations.
Guess what?
My blood pressure is 184/111 dangerously high !
What do they do?
AWFUL!
They send the billing guy in demanding payment, I proceed to explain that I called him three times to discuss.
He said it didn't matter I still owe it.
He walked out, now I'm in the.
Room for an.
Hour alone  they send in Linda the devil and she said " your bill is due right now and if you do not pay you will have to leave".
What real dr does this?
Now my bill is $268 more then what it was When i received it, she proceeds to say.
" We are a business and must get paid" I said " you have charged my insurance for care that I never received any type of relief" they have been paid thousands of dollars for seeing me over the past eight months and now basically denied me care because of something they made me purchase!
So I left demanding my records, they gave me half my records half of someone else's records.... Idiots!
Plus never explaining  what the additional charge was that they were demanding me pay.
With this blood pressure so high I ended up in the ER, the dr there could not believe they kicked me out of the office knowing that my pressure was.
I have contacted an attorney who says I have a solid case.
This is the first complaint I have written there are many more coming especially the one to the attorney general.
This practice should be ashamed of themselves!
Please stay away read all these complaints on yelp.
This office does the same thing to everyone!
Go To to an MD who is not a quack!

DO NOT USE THIS DOCTOR.
Dr. DeRosa's billing practices are wrong.
My wife went to see her for a well visit, which is covered without co-pay by my insurance.
DeRosa mis-coded the visit in order to collect additional fees from us and maybe the insurance company.
When confronted, they told us they would refund the co-pay and after repeated requests, refused to send the refund.
STAY CLEAR OF THIS PRACTICE.

I was so excited when I found them online...went to see them and found out I had no testosterone...was so excited that an answer had finally been found...got pellets and after 5 weeks I started feeling like myself for the first time in 6 years...however, after 2 weeks, I just keep getting worse and worse...have had 3 or 4 pellet implants and am barely able to get off the couch anymore...sent a friend here and she says for the first time in her life, she is now depressed...their staff is like a revolving door...I am always getting calls saying the person I had an appt with no longer works there...when I finally met Dr. Derosa for a procedure, she told her medical asst that she couldn't discuss any of my symptoms with me because insurance would not cover it...I am a nurse and I have never had another doctor say these words to me...I feel bad for all the other people she has done this to...she is obviously in this for the money!!
I have never written a review but am hoping to save whoever I can from this.
I  have since heard great things about another place and will now seek them for help!!
Everyone has to find out for themselves...but I did warn you!

I have been going to Dr. DeRosa for years she's not only my hormone pellets doctor but my primary care physician she is absolutely wonderful don't care as much for her partner have never seen the PA

I get a little nervous when I look at reviews for a business, any business, and nothing but severely negative reviews are written within a very short period of time.
That is what I see here for DeRosa Medial.
DeRosa Medical has helped bring sanity back to my life.
I initially went to see them due to low testosterone.
The nurse from my PCP goes to Dr. DeRosa for the pellet implants and has had no issues with them.
I did not get the pellets because I could not afford the out of pocket cost.
Instead, I used the cream.
They were very attentive to my levels.
I went for blood tests about every 6-weeks to confirm my levels were where they were supposed to be.
I would get calls from them telling me they needed me to get the tests and to not delay any longer when life would get busy.
As part of the initial evaluation, getting an ultrasound of your thyroid is standard procedure.
It was during this scan they found a growth.
It was very small and the medical profession tells people to take a "wait and see" attitude towards thyroid growths.
My PCP and I went forward with a find needle aspiration.
Turned out to be cancerous.
When I got the call from Dr. DeRosa's office telling me they wanted to see me immediately, specifically the next morning, I knew it was cancerous.
The entire office was so kind during this appointment.
After that I was handed off to a surgeon for a total thyroidectomy and then to several Endocrinologists.
Two and a half years of hell, post op, my thyroid levels were still not within range.
Not to mention I was sleeping 18-hours a day, having major brain fog, among other issues.
The Endo refused to run any other blood level tests separate from the thyroid levels to address these additional issues.
I decided to return to Dr. DeRosa's office.
With one visit, Jennifer ran six different blood levels test.
Out of the six, I was deficient in five.
She put me on the proper meds and things are better.
I have seen three different PA's at her office and all of them have treated me exactly the same.
The same professional attitude, attention to detail, they listen to patient complaints and take them seriously and then work to get to the bottom of the issues.
They are my GO-TO medical office.
I will confirm they had billing issues, but I was credited back for my over payments.

I have been to many thyroid doctors, including the world-famous Mayo clinic, and this office is one of the best.
I have been going there for about a year and have had very positive experiences with the staff and my individual treatment.
I recommend them to anyone with hormone issues.

