Love what they do and stand for.
If you have never volunteerd you should at this place, great staff as well.

my favorite volunteer activity hands down.
a really great cause that has an  exponential impact on the lives of the children it feeds.

Was a wonderful experience with my daughter and friends.
To spend a couple of hours filling bags with food that you know are going to help people directly?
Well, it's just heartwarming, and the very least anyone can do.
All ready have a date to go back.
Everyone should look into this organization and give a little time.

This has to be one of my favorite volunteer activities!
Such a great cause and the staff there really cares what they're doing!
This will definitely be something I do often!

I have been doing  a lot of volunteering lately and this one was by far one of my favorites.
We had to work together in teams to package food.
We prepared enough food to in 2 hours to feed 51 people for a year.

If you're looking for a place to spend some time with your family doing good works and raising money for a good cause, this is the place.
Individuals, families and groups are welcome.
You can sign up online at www.fmsc.org.
You get to wear a hairnet and pack food that goes to starving kids around the world.
Can't wait to go again!

A well-organized volunteer experience.
These people have their system down and they work it.
It makes volunteering a joy, and it is a fun experience with lots of energy and encouragement.
If you are looking for a volunteer activity that is easy to do, yet is an incredible benefit to the less fortunate, this is your game.
I volunteered to help with my nieces church group.
We packaged up a ton of rice meals for starving kids.
that's a lot of rice, but don't let that scare you off, it was fun and easy to do, and you leave knowing that you've done a good thing.

Pretty neat place!
I volunteered here on 7/3/14 and packed nutrients for starving children.
My group and I packed 21 boxes of 38 bags each.
This company is organized and they tell you everything you need to do.
They play music while you work and it's a really fun experience.
I can't wait to volunteer here again!

