Tri-city Pool Service owner Ty Wears is a very dependable business owner.
We have a home with a pool in Arizona and live in Minnesota.
Ty does an excellent job of maintaining our 25 year old Shasta pool by cleaning, using appropriate chemicals, weekly back washing and overall 'top dog" service.
Pricing is consistent and we alway feel confident we are working with the "best in town" service.
We would highly recommend him if you need consistent quality pool service.
John

Tri-City Pool Service has been maintaining my pool for nearly a year now and I am thoroughly satisfied.
I very much like how Tri-City is owner operated -- the owner, Ty, is passionate about pools and performs all of the service himself.
It's been my experience that pool maintenance is something you don't pay attention to unless there's a problem; so I'm happy to say that for the past year my pool has been on autopilot thanks to Ty!
Beyond maintaining my pool, Ty has gone above and beyond to assist me with other home repair projects by introducing me to other skilled craftsmen within his network.

What do like about this company.
The head guy, Ty, is professional and HONEST.
He knows what he's doing and won't screw you over.
I swear by this guy.
I feel great knowing when I'm out of town at least I don't have to worry about my beautiful pool!

Tri-City Pool Service has serviced my pool for about a year.
Ty does an excellent job with my weekly service.
Ty is very professional and always provides great suggestions.
I have referred Ty to friends and family with great success.

Ty the pool guy is my go to person when it comes to pool service.
He is super friendly and knows his stuff.
I trust him with my pool and you should too.
His rates are also great.
Thanks for all you have done and continue to do Ty.

Ty is a great pool guy and knows his business.
I would recommend him to anyone needing poll expertise.
I know I don't know what he knows about pools and that makes him the expert.

I've worked with Tri-City Pool Service for several years and have found them to provide fair priced, reliable quality service.
If you want to know that you are getting the best pool service then I highly recommend Ty at Tri-City Pool Service.

I moved out of state and needed somebody to take care of my pool while we try to sell our house.
Talked with Ty and he was very professional and came over to the house to see the pool and speak in person.
He is even taking pictures of my pool while I am out of state so I know everything looks good.
I feel very confident that he is on top of things and he keeps an open line of communication with me.
I would highly recommend him!

I relocated out of state and needed someone to service my pool while my house was on the market.
I called Tri-City Pool Service because of the positive 'yelp' reviews and I am glad I did.
Ty was very responsive.
He set up an appointment with me, explained his services, offered a more than fair price, and was very communicative throughout the entire process.
Fortunately, I have sold my house, but will be referring him to the buyers.
I recommend Ty, you will not be disappointed!

Tri-City Pool Service has been my pool service provider for a few months and I couldn't be happier.
Ty is friendly, very communicative over email or text and keeps me up to date with the pool.
Not to mention, the pool always looks great!

Tri-City Pool is the best in the business.
My only regret in working with Ty at Tri-City is not having found him sooner.
I had had a number of negative experiences with other pool service companies- mostly not showing up, or saying one thing and doing another.
Working with Ty has been a breath of fresh air.
He is always professional, on time, courteous and always open to answering my questions.
He has also been very patient and explains things in thorough detail, as I am still learning about my new pool equipment.
I highly recommend Tri-City Pool Service if you want honesty, integrity, and excellent service.

