I will not shop here again.
I, too, was excited to see a Spencers closer to my home as I had shopped in Mesa previously.
Yes, they were quick to help when I walked in but service after the sale has been poor.
I was misled on when my product would come in and now have to wait several more days.
I am not a happy customer!

I recently purchased a new stove, microwave & refrigerator and I could not be happier.
As soon as I walked in I was greeted and not pushed Clifton our salesman was great.
The refrigerator I bought was bigger than what I previously owned and did not realize how big it was until it was delivered.
I called the store to see if I could get a different one but after I looked at them at the store I decided to keep the one I bought and remodel the kitchen around the refrigerator.
The only compliant I have is the stove was not leveled properly and I had to readjust the legs but that only took a few min to do.

Twice a customer...dishwasher first and now refrigerator.
Used San Tan store for dishwasher...great experience and vowed to go back.
Except...Awhatukee now has a store which is closer...worked with Brian and got the best customer service!
Delivery was exactly as promised, by guys who did a great job.
Hummmm...maybe a stove/oven combo is next???

I really like this store!
All the employees here are attentive and friendly.
I purchased a washer from them and it is working great!
I got a great washer at a great price and I'm a client for life.
I will definitely tell all my friends!
Thanks Spencers on Ray!

We bought a new dishwasher online from Spencer's.
They called and set up the install which went smoothly, both the salesman and the installer were service-minded.
Once the dishwasher was installed and I'd signed off on it, my wife came home and thought it was installed crooked.
They didn't have to but they came back out the next day to re-do the install.
This second install, though, went poorly and a screw was left loose which damaged the washer.
I let the salesman know, sending him a picture.
That day a supervisor called me and arranged to have a new dishwasher installed correctly.
So, a botched install may not seem like a great review, but they did not have to come out the second time to straighten the unit and when they goofed the install they owned up to it and corrected it.
I did not have to push for this and when I remarked on it to the supervisor he said they want our business again and it was important they get it right.
I cannot think of any other valley business I've dealt with that was so customer-service minded.
We will definitely purchase from Spencer' TV and Appliance again.
(And we love our new dishwasher!

I bought a washing machine for my friend who is pregnant and after five weeks it broke and now its been down for over two weeks waiting for parts and service, I am hoping it  can get it fixed or get another one before she gives birth.
The Ahwatukee manger was not helpful or understanding at all, he basically said "you bought it" .
So even though I loved Spencer's in the past for their awesome customer service, I would not recommend them now!

I ordered 3 appliances in white which came to over 2k.
They agreed to meet other competitor prices to get the sale.
They delivered a white fridge with a split gasket, a Black dishwasher, and a white electric range instead of gas.
They now have to deliver a new gasket but want to charge me $75 to deliver the other appliances which were not my mistake.
I canceled the range and bought the same thing at Best Buy with free delivery.
Spencer's are the only ones who have the right dishwasher in stock so I have to go pick it up at the warehouse myself.
Oh and he said he would have to charge me more for the gas range.
Lol.
They are the same price as electric everywhere else.
Will never buy from here again.
I'm new to Phoenix so lesson learned.
Wanted to buy local.

Wow wow wow!!!
So impressed with my experience here.
We bought our fridge, oven, and microwave from them a while back and had a GREAT experience.
Then, our old dishwasher broke and I was shopping around for a new one.
Spencers went above and beyond.
Plus they honored the price a competitor had.
I think the guy I worked with was Gary?
and he was super helpful.
I am all about supporting local and Spencers makes it totally painless by honoring competitor prices AND providing service that is unmatched.
Will definitely be returning for any other appliances.
When they honor competitor prices, how can you not support local?

Bought all new appliances for our kitchen.
The range had issues right from the start.
GE handled the warranty work.
After GE came out numerous times and replaced various parts, they finally gave up and said they just wanted to replace the whole thing.
However, by that time the exact model was no longer available.
We called the manager at the Ahwatukee Spencer's and explained the situation.
Turns out they still had our model in stock in their warehouse.
He said they could have the replacement out the next day... and they did!
Very happy with the customer service.

I would give this place zero stars if I could.
After my encounter with Roy who also claimed to be the store manager, I will never shop at Spencer's again and I will warn my friends and family not to give them their business either.
There was a Maytag duet washer and dryer on sale for $699 each, however the sticker said the pair was $1499 for both.
Not sure who is doing the math here but that is clearly inaccurate.
The sticker was labeled with a $200 "rebate" bringing the total to $1299 for the pair.
When I pointed this out, the salesperson Roy said he honor the $1200 for both and then took the sticker down, corrected the price to say $1399 for pair but only included a $100 rebate.
When I told him I would take the set for $1200 like he originally offered, I was then told I would have to take the floor model and they would not reduce the price for it.
Needless to say, I am not impressed with their shady business practices.

