I recently attended an event and got to take 1 lap as a passenger in a Ferrari F430 GT while a professional took me around the track.
At first, I wasn't sure that I'd found the right place, since I've only been to the Speedway only once before, but they had plenty of signs and people directing me to the right spot, so I was ok.
I got to walk around and tour part of the facility in order to get to the reception/racetrack, and it looks like they didn't really spare any $$ to make sure that this was THE driving experience.
They have a modern-looking VIP lounge/studio attached to the gift shop, bar, and waiting area (with sofas).
They also have a 3D simulator, so as to get the experience from the driver's seat, as well as the passenger seat.
The attendants that work there fitted me with a hairnet and helmet while I was waiting to take my lap (as a passenger) while I stared at the line of Ferraris.
Oooh.
Then, one of the coordinators motioned me over and I found my car.
Note: I don't recommend taking a purse, and they have an area that looks like a closet where you can leave your personal belongings, but I opted to have the attendant hold mine while I was on the track.
As soon as I was buckled into my seat, I knew that I was in for an experience.
The driver greeted me, made some conversation, but then immediately took off quite quickly during the lap.
Yep, he drove the car "like it was stolen.
"  Exhilarating, definitely.
I could see now why they told me not to have my purse with me, as I was almost flying around on my side of the car while gripping the oh $!
@# handle for dear life and securing my cell phone.
Haha.
Unfortunately, the lap ended too quickly for my taste, I was returned to the starting area, and collected my belongings.
I did, however, overhear one of the guys directing the flow of riders telling the driver not to take it too fast.
Hehe.
When I got back to the VIP lounge/reception area, I chugged some champagne, ate some appetizers, toured the gift shop, sat in the 3D simulator, and snapped a few pics of the Ferrari F430GT that was on display.
For me, I definitely think that the ride along was the way to go, since I'd probably be too nervous and scared of crashing the car (even if there was an instructor with me) to ride fast/enjoy the experience.
I'll definitely be returning, though, since their prices are pretty competitively priced:  -2 laps as as passenger for $179 -5 laps as a driver with access to the simulator, training session, shuttle service from Crystals, access to the VIP lounge, certificate for $500   I just hope that they don't get booked up too quickly, since they seem to only have availability (generally) on Tuesdays, Thursdays-Saturdays.

I've been to many racing schools and experiences, and this one tops them all.
Dream Racing's Ferrari race cars are REAL not an imitation, their cars are serious, yet easy to drive.
My ten lap experience was lengthy enough so that my money felt well spent, the instructors were thorough and catered to my needs as a student, nor did the instructors hold me back while driving, I improved substantially in only 10 laps on the track.
Many of these driving "experiences" I've been to in the past have made me feel rushed, like they wanted me in and out, and off with my money, but at Dream Racing I felt like a VIP from start to finish.
First with an entertaining instructional video, then to my 3-D simulator session with an instructor, and then lastly off to the lounge to get suited up for my laps with a professional racing instructor.
This place is amazing, I couldn't ask for anything more (except for more laps!
haha)  If you want to feel like a celebrity, and drive cars that are faster than anything on the road, this is the place to go, Dream Racing is amazing, and I'll be back for more.

Seriously a dream.
I was lucky enough to experience the nearby Exotic Car Racing a couple of years ago (an orange Lamborghini Gallardo, yeah, that's how I roll), and this is definitely the next level.
Much more "high end" and fancy pants, with hot chicks (and hot guys), racing suits, simulators (complete with an exact laser scanned replica of the track outside, so every bump you feel in the simulator is a real bump out on the track), and really, really fast cars.
I only got to ride as a passenger (HOLY SH!T), but I definitely want to come back and get behind the wheel, even though I'll only go 1/5th the speed that I hurtled around it on today.
I didn't even know you could take corners that fast.
My Jetta is in trouble.

I always wanted to drive a Lamborghini and a Ferrari.
DreamRacing has both!
The Lamborghini Gallardo LP 570-4 Superleggera was by far the funnest street car I've ever driven.
Feeling the power of this bull on the racetrack was simply amazing.
After 5 laps my instructor Nick and I stepped it up a notch and took the Ferrari F430GT for a spin.
WOW.
That's a real race car and the real deal - no doubt.
It was unbelievable and I must say that no one should ever leave Las Vegas without a driving experience at DreamRacing!
Whether it's in a street car or in the race Ferrari F430GT you will have a super fantastic, extreme fun and great time.
Nick and the whole team: You guys rock!
Thanks so much again!
I can't wait to come back.
http://www.dreamracing.com

Literary, my dream came true!!
Where else can you drive a Ferrari RACING CAR just for several hundred dollars???
I've been to Exotics Racing as well and they are good too but their cars are all street cars with street tires so this is different (Dream Racing offers street cars experience too and it's almost the same).
Actually Exotics Racing used to use the track Dream Racing is using now (though it was the opposite direction).
I did Dream Racing Advanced which has 2 sessions (5+6 laps) for $899 since you don't have time to review your driving if you have only one session.
One thing I like them doing is practicing the track on a driving simulator (iRacing which is the most real racing game for consumer level) before going out to the real track.
This absolutely prevents wasting time just to memorize where the track goes when driving a real car.
As the track they are using is a part of  Las Vegas Motor Speedway, iRacing had laser scanned the track already before so you can even practice it at home if you want (a PC is required).
Their facility is gorgeous and you can have a real espresso for free!!
Yes, the owners are Italian ;) I talked one of the owners and he was very friendly and flexible to my request.
Their Ferrari F430GT is a REAL racing car except an A/C is installed.
The Pirelli racing slicks on it aren't super grippy but absolutely way more grip than any street tires.
Some people might think it's just normal Ferrari but it's not!!
It runs 6 seconds faster than McLaren MP4-12C they have on the track which is less than a minute course according to one instructor.
If you want to drive a real racing Ferrari, it's possible now!!
I really want to say thank you to Ado, the one of the owners I talked with to make this wonderful service available in USA!

Really great experience driving the F430 GTDR and the instructor and staff are very friendly and helpful as well.
Before they let you on the track, they put you in a racing simulator powered by iRacing to explain the track and let you get a hang of things.
iRacing is probably one of the most authentic driving simulator and the company payed the developer to scan the actual track and develop a accurate car model just for this simulator.
I think this is the kind of attention to detail and professionalism that compelled me to give this place a solid 5 star.
The driving experience is also great and the track has a good blend of straights and technical section to experience every aspect of the car's performance.
I'm definitely recommending this experience to anyone into cars.
Only thing I can think of is the braking point marked on track is way too early for the F430 GTDR.
The instructor make sure you have a safe experience so i think it's only appropriate not to push the braking zone too hard.
I think the car also have a lot more to give in the corners as well.
But even with that said, the performance experienced is way beyond any road car can deliver so no complaints there.

What an AMAZING experience!
The Dream Racing experience is simply spectacular.
Worth the trip form LA to Vegas... this is something I would definitely do again and recommend to everyone who's interested in driving a race car.
I was lucky/fortunate enough to experience a high level service that this team provides.
I met several members of the team and they were all very friendly, polite and and went out of their way to make this an amazing experience.
The owners, the instructors and the staff were all very professional and again very friendly.
- this was seriously a dream.
Thank you Dream Racing Team!!

Really nice people, patient, excited about what they do.
Really good at coaching you on how to drive these things, which is an awesome experience.
Highly recommended.

OMG, this was easily 1 of the top 5 things I've done in my life (So Far haha).
The staff (Rae) were amazing, the owners hang out and truly enjoy what they are doing.
Highly recommend driving the Ferrari F430 GT as they are race cars.
The instructors are very educated and have loads of experience making my experience one to remember.

Such an amazing experience!
AWSOME in every way!
A bit expensive!
Lots of fun, fun, fun!!!
Everyone working there were so nice and friendly!
I drove the Ferrari and my husband drove the Lamborghini!
Soooo cooool!!

I ended up choosing the Dream Racing Advanced session after talking it over with a buddy from Utah.
We met up at the Las Vegas Airport the day before our scheduled session in early May of 2013.
My buddy happened to be driving his Lamborghini Murcielago that day.
LOL.
Fast forward to the day of, and upon arrival to Dream Car Racing's facility at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway, it was quite obvious that the setup is nothing but "First Class".
Our host Simona was professional, gracious and lovely all at the same time.
She guided us to the 15 introduction video, the simulator session, our uniform fitting and out to the cars.
My instructor Matt was surprised that I did so well on the track when he saw that I did so poorly on the simulator.
For the record, I hate simulators no matter how good the graphics are, they just can't replicate the feeling that you get from a car, let alone a Ferrari F430GT race car.
For most, it will take at least a couple of laps to get comfortable behind the wheel of the race car.
With that in mind, pick the appropriate amount of laps.
The instructor is there by your side assisting you in getting the most of the car and informing you of when to turn, brake, accelerate, upshift and downshift.
I am about to sign up for the Advanced Pro session when I return to Vegas in November.
In closing, I liked the experience to lusting after a beautiful woman.
You are extremely excited about the meeting, could possibly have the time of your life, but in the end the experience ends all too quickly.

One of the highlights of Vegas.
$229 for 5 laps in a Nissan GT-R.  Start with a quick lesson in race theory by one of the many professional and personable race instructors.
Then move to the simulator where you experience the cockpit of a race car and become familiar with the infield track that has been laser-scanned.
Lastly, get inside the super car of your choice for 5 laps around the track in the driver's seat.
The Nissan is a remarkable car at 545HP with a 0-60 time of 2.8 seconds.
The ABS and traction control are barely perceptible but make driving the car seem like second nature.
If you listen to everything the instructor says, he will get the absolute most out of your vehicle for you.
I am hooked.
Dream Racing will become an annual event for me.

I'd like to start off by saying this place was absolutely AWESOME.
I'm not interested in cars like some of my friends, but the experience was really amazing.
The owner allowed us to drive even though day light was running short, and all the staff members were SUPER friendly.
It made for an enjoyable evening and even got to chat it up with the staff during the entire experience.
Awesome vibes, Awesome Staff, Awesome Cars.

I purchased a 5 lap drive for my husband and I couldn't be happier.
The customer service was awesome and the instructors are great.
My husband could not stop smiling.
Best gift ever.
Oh and of course the cars were AMAZING!

This place is out of this world.
First off the customer service is out of this world.
Everyone is really friendly, and cool.
They literally go out of there way for you.
I love cars, and got to drive a few today.
There track is awesome and there prices are the cheapest in Las Vegas.
The guy Wade who works over there is the man!
They also have a real deal race car that you can lap in as well.
They have a  Ferrari, Porsche, Nissan GTR, Lamborghini, & many more.
Check this place out!!!!

I got the chance to do this experience with my company which in itself is amazing, but the full experience was nothing short of awesome!
When you drive up to the front the Ferrari GT is already there and damn is it a good looking care.
They have a great array of race/formula 1 type cars.
They're really nice there and speak you through the different cars and which one would work for you.
I'm short so needed to make sure I would be able to fit in the seat ;) I ended up choosing the Mclaren.
They take you to another building where you watch a video (which is quite hilarious - I don't think it's meant to be) about safety and driving the car.
Then you go into a room with simulator that has scanned the track you're about to drive so you get a feel for it.
Then.....they take you out.
If you do the actual race car you get to wear the race gear otherwise you ear the helmet.
They take pictures of you near your car.
Then you get in the car with a professional driver by your side and set off!
It's gear shift with no clutch so very easy to drive and the professional tells you when you shift up and down.
There's one strip where you get to just gun it and it's amazing!
I'm addicted!

As others have stated, Dream Racing is a first class operation the whole way.
My buddy and I decided we wanted to try this.
So, he reserved online and I just went there and got the same deal in person.
Yeah, I risked them not having an open spot for me, but I am happy they were able to get me in to the same session.
There were 5 of us altogether.
My buddy and I both opted for the Corvette, two guys were in the Mclaren and another guy in the Lambo.
Finding the place was simple, there are signs everywhere for it.
We arrived early and checked in.
They have a very nice lounge to relax before they start your experience.
When the time came, our hostess brought us to a class room where an instructor showed us a video and reviewed some of the basics of how to take a turn.
This was done in a very professional way, no one was talked down to or made to feel like they didn't know what they should be doing.
The instructor strived to make it a learning experience as well as an enjoyable experience.
After the short classroom session we were taken to simulators.
Ok, I am not a gamer and I have never liked simulators.
We each took a turn in the simulator watching each other and learning from each other and the instructor.
If you are choose to come here, don't get discouraged on the simulator.
During my simulator run, I blew the engine, went in the gravel and I think I may have totalled the car.
Don't worry about any of that.
Driving the car is much easier than the simulator.
After we all had turns in the simulator we were taken to the cars.
They only allow two cars out on the track at a time.
I suggested my buddy take his turn in the corevette first.
But before we could get started, someone on the track went in to the gravel and kicked rocks all over the track.
They stopped everyone while they cleaned the track.
We had a nice shady spot to sit in comfy chairs and cool water to drink.
(Yes, they really strive to make this enjoyable.
)   My buddy got his helmet sock and helmet on and he went out there.
While I was waiting for him, I stood by and watched what I could.
Soon it was my turn to get ready.
The hostess gave me a headsock and a helmet.
She even helped me get the helmet adjusted properly.
(I've been riding motorcycles for a long time, so I'm very familiar but I went along because she was being very helpful.
)   Heck, she even held back the sides of the headsock so I could get my sunglasses back on.
(Like I said, classy operation.
)  Finally, it was my turn.
My buddy brought the car in to the pits, he hoped out and I hoped in.
A pit crew member made sure the seat was adjusted properly and the seat belt was secure.
He also plugged in the intercom so I could hear the instructor in the car with me.
This was my very first time going on a track and I told him so.
He said ok, let's just see how fast we can go.
The first lap he gave me the chance to learn the car and track.
On the subsequent laps, he kept giving me advise on where I can go faster.
And, over the next few laps, I knew I kept getting much faster.
(Heck, I even lapped the Mclaren!
)   The in car instructor was super helpful, and encouraging.
After the run, I bought the in car video and realized I had more areas where I could have gone faster.
But I did notice a huge improvement between the 1st and 5th lap.
Would I go again?
Yes I would.
Like I said, this is a class act and they'll do everything they can to make your experience enjoyable.
Well done folks!

Fantastic experience, very profesional staff and instructors.
The F430 Scuderia amazing on the track, great help from the instructor in the car.
Loads of fun!
Only complaint is that you do NOT get 5 laps around the course, as they count the pit lane as one lap.
Toward end of the fourth lap on the course, I had all the corners, braking, apexes and acceleration points down pat, when the instructor said to steer the F430 into pit.
After getting back to the hotel and watching the video, everyone gathered around the table counted 4 laps also.
So I called Dream Racing to explain I was missing a lap.
They explained that leaving and entering the pit counts as a lap.
I wonder if the do same "accounting" of laps on the 7 lap or even the 2-day event!

First class all the way.
I liked going through the simulator before going on the track.
Providing free water/soda and snacks was a nice touch.
The instructor was calm and provided clear instructions.
Also driving in the center of the Las Vegas Speedway was a bonus.
I would recommend doing at least 7 laps.

