The prophecy is true.
The grouchy man has risen from the wasteland to save us from the evils of bad coffee.
That's basically what his twitter profile says anyway.
I visited Grouchy John this morning while he was parked in front of Slidin Thru HQ.
At the truck with John was JJ, the author of Bloodsucking Vegas.
I thought he looked familiar.
With today's secret word, I was able to get a Caramel Mocha Latte and a Chai Tea Latte.
Double fisted gourmet coffee FTW!
I don't get coffee often, so it was a good way to sample the grouchy man's menu.
I thoroughly enjoyed the Caramel Mocha.
It was uber-sweet and would satisfy any sweet tooth.
On the flip side, the Chai was much milder.
Like I said, I don't get a lot of coffee.
To me, there is simply good and bad coffee.
On that simple pass-fail scale, Grouchy John's certainly serves up some good cups of Joe.
At $3 for the Chai Tea and $3.50 for the Caramel Mocha (both 12oz cups), the prices are on the upper end.
Still, I'm a fan.
In the increasingly crowded Vegas street vendor scene, I hope he does well.
Time will tell.

Went to Vegas Streats event last weekend a El Cortez and then the week before went to the Filipino Festival and had it there too.
I had the iced latte which was good and the strawberry smoothie.
It was decent.
But I am going to try next time one of their specialty coffee drinks or something instead of going the "safe route" with my iced latte..  =P   With that said.
I will be keeping an eye out for this truck and for a cup of coffee.

With a name like Grouchy John's, you'd think the service would be a bit grouchy as well, right?
Completely wrong.
John is amazing and knows what good customer service is.
After a quick lunch at Slidin' Thru HQ, we decided to get some half-priced off drinks (with Slidin' Thru receipt) at Grouchy John's.
John was helpful in answering any questions I had.
"What ingredients go in the smoothies?
" "How sweet are the smoothies?
" "Is the Chai Tea Latte less sweet?
" I decided to get the Iced Chai Tea Latte (with non-fat milk) on the impression that it wasn't too sweet.
With the receipt, our Iced Chai and Iced Coffee came out to $3.25.
Talk about a great deal!
John handed us our drinks, along with two complimentary gummy candies.
Who knew that small candies could make me so happy?
I handed John $3.50 in hopes he would consider the $0.25 as a tip, but he returned the quarter back, saying we paid a quarter too much.
That's an honest man!
As for the drinks?
The Iced Coffee was nice and refreshing.
The Iced Chai needed more spice and less sugar.
Other than that, it was a refreshing drink to have on a hot summer day.
If you see this truck around, make sure to stop on by!

The verdict is in.
I will be late for work any given day that Grouchy John's is at the MLK Costco in the morning.
Their concoctions are just too delicious to resist.
I had the White Chocolate Latte (aka Grouchy John's Latte) and my boyfriend had the Suicide Smoothie (mango, peach and strawberry).
They were sooooo good.
I prefer to brew my own coffee (it's cheaper too) but I can make an exception for Grouchy John's.
I tried a sample of something they were passing out that I believe had pineapple and mango it in.
My two favorite flavors, rock on!

I was going to make a joke about this place having great service for a place called Grouchy John's, but someone beat me to it.
Dang!
But, really, this truck is awesome!
My party ordered a few smoothies, of all which were great.
The service was great, too, and I believe we only waited a few minutes for all our drinks to be ready.
It's really awesome that a mobile place is able to put out this kind of service and quality, which also speaks to the higher quality of mobile food purveyors.
Going back to the smoothies, they were delicious.
They were better than the ones I get from Tropical Smoothie all the time, and the service was a lot better too: really friendly, no-pressure, "do you have any questions?
" approach that really invites you into a conversation.
Great service.

The truck was parked outside Slidin Thru HQ today.
Had a Suicide Smoothie - peach, mango, strawberry - with my meal.
Excellent

JJ makes the best blended coffee drinks and is the nicest guy you will ever meet.
I can't do too much caffeine and he doesn't have decaf but he's able to modify the recipes so they are low caffeine, which is essentially decaf.
I haven't gotten the shakes off of one of his drinks yet.
He also makes fruit smoothies so there is something for everyone.

While trying the eats at various food trucks in the wee am hours on Sunday, we walked up to the lonely yellow trailer, sitting there without a tow vehicle, to see what all the coffee trailer had to offer.
For such a small "vehicle" they had a pretty decent selection of items.
Wife decided she was going to give them a chance, and ordered a mango smoothie, after inquiring as to how strong they made them.
Satisfied with the employee's response, she pulled the trigger.
I haven't seen her grin that quick after tasting something that is supposed to be mango in quite some time.
We're not coffee drinkers, but if I see them around, I know how to win points easily!

I think Grouchy John's just keeps getting better every time I go.
Or maybe I just enjoy everything so much.
For a while I was stuck on Iced Mocha Lattes but after the trying the Honey Latte, it is my new favorite.
I'm so bad too, I usually order a coffee and a smoothie each time I visit.
I'm Longing for their special the MPC (Mango, Pineapple, Cherry) to make a re-appearance but the Strawberry Banana is keeping me happy for now.
Which is weird cause I don't really like bananas.
The last sojourn to where they were camped out on Goldring I brought some of my office with me.
I ordered two different iced coffees.
The special that day was a Matcha Green Tea and Kiwi smoothie.
I sooo wanted to try it but I was not feeling the vibe for green tea that day.
My clerk told me it was very light and refreshing.
Oh, well maybe next time.
They hand out candy with every drink order, as if I really needed any more sugar ...

I don't usually like cold coffee drinks.
An iced latte once in a while, sure, but otherwise... not my thing.
Even during the summer months in Vegas, coffee should be hot and should be served intravenously.
Out at the inaugural Saturday Night Truckstop, and trying some new (to me) food truck yumminess, I needed something to wash it all down.
It was hot, I was full, and I had absolutely no idea what I wanted.
Trying to help me decide, they asked me some questions.
The technical bits went something like this:  "Do you like [flavor, flavor, flavor, sweet, savory, this, that, and the other; and what type of milk]?
"  "Um, yes, yes, not really, no, not too sweet, um, sure, maybe, and nonfat, please?
"  (Forgive the paraphrasing.
)  What I ended up with was an iced, amaretto-flavored espresso drink (I even took the whipped cream) that I absolutely loved.
Not too sweet, heavy on the coffee without going overboard, and none of that weird syrupy aftertaste that flavored drinks often end with.
I'm a coffee person, no doubt about it, and Grouchy John's has a new fan for sure!

I stop by this cart on the way to the Tasty Bunz truck that posts up by my  work on a weekly basis.
The guy running the spot is very nice and whips up your drink pretty quick.
My usual is the Goruchy John namesake frap w/o whip.
Its pretty damn good.
I have also tried the fruit smoothie(although I do not remember what Kind please forgive me) and it was very good and creamy as well.
All in all...hes got a good product, and the fact that it's mobile just makes it better IMO

The service is always great.
I'm always greeted with smiles.
The coffee and smoothies are addictive.
My personal favorite is the grouchy johns latte.
I also.like how they have special drinks.
It forces you to try something new since their so.tempting like the almond rocha mocha which is to.die for!
I try to visit they guys as.much as possible and you should too!

Thank the coffee lords for Grouchy John's.
These guys always seems to be conveniently located at Vegas events or 0.1 mile away from my house on Fridays.
GJ coffee is always tasty or potent enough where I can enjoy the nourishment of the beans, not just water, some sweetener, and blackness.
I would say prices are fairly reasonable for getting coffee that has care and... love lol.
My favorite is the signature Grouchy John's Frappe which is white chocolate and amaretto flavoring, now if I could only convince them to give me real amaretto :).
Other notes:  - The guys are nice, friendly, and probably care about their job a whole lot more than your barista at Starbucks.
- Drinks come out fairly quick and efficiently, don't think I've ever waited more than 5 minutes for a drink.
- You can text order drinks ahead of time at (702) 608 - 5195  - You only need 5 stamps for their stamp card!
- Sometimes they do contest on twitter (@Grouchyjohns) for free drinks.
Even I won once.
Creepy note:  I had a dream weeks ago that Grouchy John landed into heart of UNLV and grew its roots into the core of UNLV's soil making it a permanent resident nullifying the need for Starbucks, Coffee Bean, and Einstein's... sadly it probably won't happen.
Thus I will have to continue chasing Grouchy's around when I want some tasty coffee.

YUM!
Loved the drink, loved the service.
Had the pleasure of meeting JJ and having a really good pumpkin latte, hot.
They use pumpkin puree for this drink not  flavored syrup (yay).
It was the perfect temperature and not too sweet which is great for me because I don't like added sugar or extra calories.
This stop was a win for me.

Good people, good service, and really good sweet tea!
I have only been here once, but because of the friendly service & the delicious sweet tea, I will be making another trip to see them as soon as I can to try some of their other options.
No grouchy workers here, just some nice guys selling some good drinks :-)

It be cold outside!
Waiting for people to come by the Yelp tent for gift wrapping is not as easy as you would think.
With Grouchy John's around to supply some hot beverages to First Friday goers, it was not so bad.
I did not get to converse with the staff since I sent Carolyn M. to get me coffee, but she raves about how nice the staff were.
Although I missed out on that, what she came back with was perfect for the weather outside.
A hot Americano never tasted so good.
No cream, no sugar needed.
The espresso was not bitter, but I get an extra shot next time.
I like my coffee to be more bold.
For her cappuccino and my drink, the total was around six.
That is better than anything you could get at the coffee chains and taste better too.

I have tried a variety of different delectible drinks from this place.
They have helped me fall further in love with coffee and opened my palate to some smooth pumpkin spice and eggnog to fit the season.
I first encountered Grouchy John's at Callaway Golf Course when they were having an event there with Tasty Bunz and I can't remember how long ago that was, but some time around when dinosaurs roamed the flat earth, or April 6th, 2011.
They told me Grouchy John's was popular.
It being the namesake, I'm sure it was excellent.
I told them that my love doesn't like white chocolate when they mentioned that we try the Grouchy John's Latte, but I got that because I wanted to torture my love.
Unfortunately, the attempt failed.
He loved the latte and for the first time, doubted his hatred against white chocolate.
I got the Almond Roca Mocha, A.R.M.
It only cost an arm, but not a leg.
It was to-die-for delish.
Even though it was cold out, I decided to get the frappucino because my tongue does not fear cold weather or cold yummy drinks.
The frappucino was so smooth.
Whipped cream crowned the drink.
The next time I saw them, we tried the Almond Roca Mocha again, but also got a hot chocolate.
I am a hot chocolate monger.
I have returned for their hot chocolate at least three times.
I believe the first two times, they used Ghirardelli syrup, and the third time, a different chocolate syrup, and it all tasted awesome.
On a really windy night, I requested their new item, Apple Cider.
To my disbelief, they had cinnamon when I asked for cinnamon.
In shocking joy, I gulped that yumminess down as fast as was humanly possible.
See...
I was trying to see if there was anything I would dislike.
I was really in disbelief that this coffee trailer could really be that good.
They weren't good.
They were frickin' amazing (the f-word is always reserved for only the best).
A few weeks ago, I savored their pumpkin spice latte around Thanksgiving.
How thrilling it was to blend these flavors and aromas together for my taste buds.
Just yesterday, I tried their eggnog latte at Streats.
It was okay, but I am not that big of an eggnog fan.
They also always give a piece of candy with the drink.
Those two guys are really nice.

Randomly stopped by the trailer at Vegas Street Eats and found their service and coffee charmingly delicious.
Based on their recommendation, I tried the Salted Caramel Latte.
Lovely first impression.. so glad they are located on my side of town - I've integrated their stop into my before work routine.
Yep, that delicious.

Supporting our locals!
I've been to GJ's about four times.
I usually get the suicide smoothie (peach, mango and strawberry) and I have also had the GJ and Almond Roca mochas.
Based on the three stars it's clear that it's not great, but it doesn't suck.
If it weren't for the punch card/free drink offer, I probably would've only gone once.
The guys on the truck are super nice, but I am almost positive that I can create these drinks at home.
They drinks are slightly pricey.
I think around $4 for a 12oz drink.
You can pay a bit more for Starbucks or Madhouse and have a large in your hands.
Overall I'd say check it out if you happen to be in the vicinity, but I definitely don't think this place stands up to the hype.

Great coffee and great service.

Got the suicide smoothie today, it was delicious.
The guy there was very friendly and gave me a starburst candy snack while I waited, yay!

I'm so happy that Grouchy John's finally has it's own store.
It's a definite bonus that it's right down the street from my house.
I plan on spending many Sunday mornings hanging out with friends and drinking great coffee!
I usually get a morning coffee but the smoothies are excellent.
If you're feeling adventurous, just let John create a custom drink for you.
Trust me it'll be tasty.
You'll also get a chance to name your own drink and get it up on the menu!
Grouchy John's is also very active on Facebook and Twitter so if you have any questions or comments, you know you'll receive a quick response.
As a bonus, if you have an iPhone you can download Square's Card Case app and just pay with your phone!
I'm on a mission to create my own custom drink so be on the lookout for "The Shewchuk"

This place has really great coffee.
I love the Mint Mocha Frappe!
Its really minty and chocolatey and they use great coffee!
The espresso cupcake I had was really yummy!
I am excited for more.
I originally met the two owners when they were on their trailer.
They still have their coffee trailer and will still take it out for events.
It's parked out front, outside of their coffee shop.
There are so many people in here, you can tell they have their fans.
I am definitely one of them and will be back again and again!

This place is conveniently located near my work and thank god it is.
The atmosphere here is always positive and pairs extremely well with their delicious beverages.
In the mood for coffee, try Grouch John's Latte?
Not in the mood for coffee grab the Suicide or the Caribbean Colada Smoothies.Highly Recommend!

Grouchy John's is the best place to get coffee in town.
Hands down.
I'm a total coffee fanatic so I should know good coffee when I taste one.
John & J.J are one of the most friendliest & amazing people in the business.
They certainly know how to prepare coffee like it's nobody's business that's for sure.
I love coming in & seeing the Grouchy John & his crew's (far from grouchy) contagious  smiles.
So far I've tried their almond roca mocha, evil monkey, lemon ice tea, hot spiced cider & blended fruit smoothies.
I like their creative coffee concoctions.
It's like drinking a delicious dessert that really perks u up.
After work, I go there for their chamomile tea & tasty pastries.
I also appreciate  how they provide soy milk & almond milk to substitute for milk.
A major plus for us lactose intolerant people.
There's a warm inviting feeling when u walk in.
This place has a great set up & better seating options than most coffee shops I've been in.
I love that cozy sitting area w/ couch & big arm chairs where u can just relax after a long day at work.
They also have cool board games & free wifi if u just wanna hang out for awhile drinking your tasty beverages.
There is a positive vibe you can feel when you come here.
I will definitely be coming back real soon.
No doubt.

I love the truck, but am glad that a shop has opened near my house.
Before the only coffee options, within walking distance, was a chain.
Now that Grouchy John's is located down the street, I can go for a stroll on a beautiful day to get my coffee.
On a Sunday afternoon, around 4pm, it was dead.
For each guest, there was one employee.
The customers looked to be regulars and I can see why.
All the employees warmly greeted us and helped us along the way in making our decisions.
I strayed away from my usual Americano and went with a specialty coffee.
I got the A.R.M frappe.
This blended drink is a mixture of almond roca and mocha flavorings.
It is possible to make certain drinks sugar free and that was how I got mine.
My friend got the Grouchy John special and it was too sweet for my taste.
White chocolate and amaretto is a rich combination, but I would ask for the syrups to be cut down.
GJ has a good mix of tables for studying and couches for lounging.
The leather cushioned chairs caused me to slouch into them.
If only my yoga teacher could see me now.
I would for sure get reprimanded.
Laziness is definitely a side effect of this coffee shops comfy chairs.

Cappuccino with GREAT foam & a croissant with bacon & hot dog - DELISH!
I've been a Starbucks gold card member for xxx number of years.
My husband has tried more beans than I can count  and we've enjoyed ordering beans from more places than I can remember.
Grouchy John's is good.
Really good.
Beans are freshly roasted and the foam is for real - a coffee lover's coffee place.
I'm finishing up the balance on my "xxxxx" card and plan on making Grouchy John's my morning stop.
Gotta start the day off right!

As if good coffee isn't enough, have you seen the cool art work here?
My kinda place... (happy face)  03/20/12 Had a dream about the cappuccino at Grouchy John's last night, so guess where I was 1st thing this morning?
Perfection!

I was enjoying salted caramel latte with blueberry muffin a lot on my first visit.
Salted caramel latte tasted very creamy but a bit of too sweet to me.
I would enjoy it more if I had it with some salty sandwich.
Blueberry muffin tasted very delicious.
Everyone here seemed very friendly and nice.
Deco is kinda cute.
They also carry pastries from Bread & Butter and KD Donuts & Kolaches.
And, they offer free Wifi !!
Overall, I liked this new coffee shop spot a lot =)

Thank goodness this place opened.
I have had a number of their coffees and they rock.
The best thing about it is the water dish for my dogs.
I love going to the park and then heading over with the dogs for some coffee to see my friends.
Oh and the service is wonderful.
They always ask me how my coffee is.
Its nice.
My new hang out.

Best coffee shop in the valley hands down.
Awesome to know a shop is there when there's no time to hunt down the truck.
Friendly staff.
Great atmosphere.
I want to add that as a transplant to the Vegas area from the Northwest i searched without success for months to find a suitable replacement for my coffee fix like I could get back home.
Grouchy Johns is just as good, maybe even better, than the good places back home in Coffee country.

Best coffee in town!
The espresso they use has a great flavor without being bitter.
Great signature drinks (i.e.
the Grouchy John, my favorite).
The employees are always friendly and promptly greet you when you walk in.

This is a really great place...I'm very happy to have a coffee shop at this location again.
Staff was friendly...coffee was good...can't ask for much more!

LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place.
I think it's better than Starbucks.
Their signature drink, Grouchy John Frap is the best.
Although, I can't seem to tear myself away from that one to try more.
;-)   Love how they have smoothies for the kids as well!

This is pretty much my favorite coffee shop ever.
They also have some awesome non-coffee drinks like smoothies and lemonade.
I want to try everything on the menu but my love for the Suicide Smoothie (strawberry, mango and peach) keeps foiling my plans!
Everyone here is really friendly and the atmosphere is super cool so why go anywhere else?

Coffee isn't bad, but not as good as I hoped.
I haven't tried to hang there and work, but will next time soon...

the people here are friendly they make good coffee and it is a good price.
They have all kinds of artwork to look at books to read and games to play.
lots of seating and the cutest mascot ever made.
About $8 for two small coffee.
Definitely better than Starbucks.

A great locally owned coffee shop with some of the two most gracious and accommodating owners you will meet in John and JJ.
Great coffee, I get the mocha frappuchino with almond milk and stevia.
Those are two options you won't find at the big corporate coffee shops, and it makes my day.
Also there are some games you can play while you're there... Uno anyone?

I love Grouchy Johns!
It reminds me of a time before there was a Starbucks every 2 blocks, when each coffee joint was different, individual with its own personality.
And this place has lots of personality!
Cool artwork, friendly staff, old board games, great coffee drinks and a few BOOKS (remember those?)!
I hope this place is around for a long time!!

Really cool coffee shop.
Don't get me wrong, I enjoy Starbucks; but going to a non-chain coffee shop just feels better, and gives me a more genuine experience.
It also reminds me a lot of the Bay Area, i.e., a world where both homogenized coffee AND more intimidate, community-feel shops can co-exist.
I had the "Grouchy John," which is a white chocolate and amaretto latte.
As a person that LOVES "sweet" coffee, this was heaven!
They offer five other coffee specialties.
The shop also offers pastries and the muffaletta sandwich from Bread & Butter in Henderson (which is also delicious).
Oooooh, so many good things!
The place has about nine two-person tables, and a couple of couches.
There's a couple of bookshelves, with a wide variety of books (and "good" titles), and board games (scrabble, yahtzee, etc.).
Two other things I love: it's a comfortable temperature inside, i.e., the A/C is not kicked into overdrive, and the music isn't too loud.
This means I can actually read or have a conversation in relative peace.
Oh yeah, the staff is really friendly (ok, so that's three things).
Last tip: if you tell them you do reviews on an online social media site, you get an extra stamp on the frequent flier punchcard.
Yee haw!!

I went in expecting good things, and left less than impressed.
The seating area was very pleasant, with numerous couches and chairs.
Choice of music was fantastic!
Not very often you hear Modest Mouse while drinking coffee.
However, the coffee was not as impressive as the environment.
I ordered a cappuccino, and my friend ordered an iced coffee.
The cappuccino was incredibly hot!
The milk was noticeably scalded, over-textured, and poured quite sloppily.
When the coffee had finally cooled enough to taste, it was fairly standard, though it had a very strange, almost salty aftertaste to it.
The iced coffee was okay.
It was not very strong-tasting, however.
I love that they brew Colorado River Coffee Roaster beans, but technique really needs to be elevated to capture my business from quality coffee shops like Sunrise or Samba Latte (which also uses CRCR beans, and effectively so).
Grouchy John is allowed to be grouchy if he still puts enthusiasm into his coffee prep.
Otherwise, it doesn't work.

Was absolutely amazing!
I am definetly coming back.
I had the " Sunny day" and it was absolutely delightful :)

Great local coffee shop that is easy for me to get to driving to work.
They have a nice environment inside with lots of chairs, tables, etc.
They also have a nice selection of locally made pastries and other edible goodies.
Their customer service is top notch and if you remember to check in on Yelp you can get double stamps towards a free drink.
I love that they support our local coffee roaster and use their beans.
Keep up the good work GJC!

I might be abandoning my Starbucks gold card.
This place is growing on me.
I've tried a few more drinks:...  Salted Caramel frappe: Too sweet..
I wasn't a fan.
Kiwi Lemonade: refreshing doesn't really taste like Kiwi, but I do like it.
The Grouchy John: Insanely good!
Smooth texture.
Coffee that you can actually taste, but not overpowering.
They also carry pastries from Bread and Butter and breakfast items from Tasty Bunz.
Good stuff.
Service is still awesome.
You really get a family feel.
I'm really becoming fan of this place.

Grouchy John's is a great example of a local business doing things right!
I had Grouchy John's bookmarked for a while, and finally had the time before work to stop to give them a try today.
I had to get off the freeway AND I drove by two other coffee shops to get to Grouchy John's... My expectations where pretty high when I walked in... And John did not disappoint.
I mentioned it was my first time in and asked for a recommendation.
Rather then just telling me what other people buy most often, John took the time to ask me some questions and then recommended the Evil Monkey... A delicious combination of chai and banana.
While my drink  was being made I checked out the assortment of pastries.
Fans of Bread and Butter will be pleased to know that Grouchy John's sells B&B pastries!
They also sell donuts from KD Donuts & Kolaches.
It's GREAT to see local businesses working together and supporting each other!
I don't recall exactly what my drink cost but it was no more then you'd expect to pay for similar drinks at other coffee shops....
I just can't remember ever ordering a drink at any other coffee shop that was as delicious as this one, and still packed a good caffeine punch!
Oh, and if knowing you are supporting a local business, plus good pricing, plus friendly service isn't enough...
BONUS!
Grouchy John's have a drive thru!
A must for any great coffee shop!

I love that this place opened up down the street from me!
Even though I get the same damn drink every day (small iced latte w/ almond milk) they have a nice selection of drinks and the service is excellent!
I had been going to the Starbucks down the block forever, and they never remembered me or my regular order.
Great staff and a charming place!

I think I am sort of at a 3.5 for this review.
I got a small mocha and a bagel plain, in the bag and my total was over $6.00 which seemed high.
The vibe in the coffeehouse was really awesome and they were pretty busy which I was happy to see.
I just thought it was a little spendy.
The mocha was very good and the service was friendly.

I love this place!
The atmosphere, costumer service, and especially the coffee :) Grouchy John's is like no other coffee house I've been to.
Defiantly better than Starbucks coffee.
The decor is a modern art gallery theme, and it gives such an awesome laid back vibe.
Their customer service is top notch, everyone is so friendly and once in awhile they go around to check on everyone to see if anyone wants a cup of water or a free donut :) If you just want to hang out, there's a whole bunch of books and board games that you can borrow, plus free wifi.
The coffee is really smooth.
And if you're like me, who likes sweet but not too sweet coffee, I suggest getting "Grouchy John Frappe or Latte" it has white chocolate and amaretto (almond flavored).
If coffee isn't your thing, they also got smoothies and teas.
Over all this place is great!
Clean, friendly, and laid back environment.
Be prepared to forget about Starbucks.

Grouchy John's is a "must go" coffee shop if you love great coffee/espresso.
They also have a mobile trailer.
Find in around town by following them on FB or twitter.

Great place!!
You really get that personal small business feel.
Love to stop by when I am in the area for work.

Straight up, no chaser: Grouchy John's is the best coffee shop in the Vegas Valley.
It's a place to relax with friends and a great place to get some work done if you need to get out of the home or office.
It has the best atmosphere: comfy seating, lots of outlets for computer power cords, board games, books, and interesting art on the walls.
It has great food and drinks: quality coffee every day and a whole variety of sweet espresso-based mochas, lattes, and frozen drinks.
Every time I visit I'm torn between getting a great cup of black cup of coffee or the subtly sweet honey latte.
And they gather interesting foods from local bakeries too.
I had a kolache here last week that was just awesome.
I haven't had a cookie or pastry here that wasn't delicious and fresh.
The staff is fast and friendly.
Put simply: I love everything about this place.

Great atmosphere and an awesome staff!

Red Velvet Bagel!
What can I say.

Finally a coffee house that can compete with the big corporate chains.
This south side location seems a bit isolated but it's actually with 5 mins of the Strip, the freeway, and other restaurants, bars and shops.
What's great too is the park across the street.
You can walk there!
Woah... Is this Vegas?
The coffee drinks are creative and tasty.
I first discovered Grouchy John through their coffee truck at a special event downtown.
But their brick and mortar is way cooler.
There's actually books and games for people to sit, play, read and socialize.
I'll be a regular here for sure!
The sugar cookies from Tuff Cookie are very cute.
Any little girl- and at least one big girl (me)- will love these.

I love this place!
Grouchy John's has a great variety of coffee drinks.
I go for the frappes.
I like the O.G.
which is salted caramel and vanilla...delicious.
The staff is very friendly.
They have board games and books for you to peruse.
I am a regular now!

The crucible of a good cafe is espresso.
Other, more mediocre shops can fake the rest else by adding more milk and sugar, but pure espresso is a high-wire act without a net, always ending either spectacularly or disastrously.
And espresso is the fundamental building block for every other coffee drink.
Grouchy John's passes the crucible.
Good espresso.
Along with this, you get plugin points for laptop junkies, a shelf of books, interesting semi-abstract cartoon art on the walls, a good view of the distant Strip through ten-foot-high windows, good music that's not too loud, and an amazingly friendly and attentive team.
Two people stopped by my table to ask if I liked the espresso -- I think one was John, and he was certainly not grouchy.

I really like this place.
I have been only twice and it was good with good service.
I hope they do well.

I love locally owned coffee shops because I find the quality of the coffee is better and the employees always make sure you're happy.
Looking at the menu, I had to stray away from my usual chai tea latte and go with the salted carmel mocha, it was 105 degrees out and I find it difficult to drink coffee hot under those conditions, so I tried it iced with soy milk (I love the way soy milk gives it that extra creamy taste) this drink is so good, even through all that delicious flavor I can still taste a hint of the amazing espresso.
I also tried the banana nutella muffin, holy cow this may be an entire days worth of calories, but man it was worth it.
I can definitely vouch for both of these two choices, I tried the honey latte and it was way too sweet for me, and this is coming from someone who loves sweet fancy coffee.
So let me break this down......  1) fantastic coffee  2) drive thru  3) fresh, tasty pastries  4) friendly employees  This is my new favorite coffee shop

I had not heard of this independent coffee house until our Yelp Book Club decided to have their discussion there.
This is a super place!
I ordered the Caribbean Colada smoothie.
The gentleman at the register told me it had everything but the rum.
On a 113 degree day in Las Vegas, this was just the ticket for a refreshing, evening drink while discussing our book.
The coconut and pineapple flavors were excellent!
It was an outstanding drink!!
The room has many tables for laptop use and there is free wifi.
The music was playing at a volume which was enough to hear it and enjoy it without it intruding on speaking with my group.
I have checked Grouchy John's website and their mobile unit will be near where I live this Friday.
Great!
I can patronize them without the drive.
See you Friday, Grouchy!

Twice in 5 days--not bad.
When I was at the store Monday night for the Yelp event, Grouchy John told me he'd be at the Nevada Cancer Institute with his mobile unit today.
That's only about a mile from home.
After the gym, I skipped my regular coffee stop and went to the NCI.
There was John in the curve of the one building with the unit.
I got an iced quad espresso and two pastries--a cheese danish and a blueberry muffin.
The coffee and the cheese danish were great.
I'll keep checking the website to see when the unit will be in my area again.
It was good to see John again--with a smile and not grouchy!

Where can you find a coffee shop that serves decent coffee and not full of annoying teenagers?
This place, Grouchy John's coffee shop  :) Don't let the name deter you people, this place is the real deal.
Whether you're looking for a nice pastry (they get theirs from Bread-n-Butter, you can't argue with that), that cup of coffee or just somewhere to hang out on a hot or cold day, this place is a gem.
Not only can you get all those things, this place also offers board games (free) and random books (free) that you can use while you're here.
So, leave all your stuff at home and come use theirs.
I love a great coffee shop with an inviting atmosphere, especially when the service is there to match.
Every time we've come here, the girls are always nice and friendly.
There's usually an asian (I think) guy there that is always helpful.
I ordered a bagel and he even bought it to my table for me.
Now that's service.
However, be careful of the two men crew.
We were there on a friday afternoon and the service was not all that.
The guy that took my order didn't seem to care.
I tipped him and he just looked at me like it wasn't enough.
Not to mention he didn't even say thank you.
When they called our order, we went to the counter to pick it up and again the other just looked at us, annoyed.
This is the first time that we've had bad service here.
I guess they're the ones that named the coffee shop :)  Ciao and until next time, happy drinking everyone :)

Grouchy John's has the best customer service staff along with a great brew of Coffee.
The employees really want you to come back and it's not a chain.
Support the local guy who really treats customers with respect.
He has a dog friendly patio as well.

This is my home away from home, my Beat away from the Beat.
They have the best mochas in town and the wi-fi is faster, but not as fast as their service.
Grouchys is the jam!

If they are grouchy, I'm just evil.
Plain evil.
J.J. has to be the coolest barista I've ever run across.
With so many delicious choices, I keep finding myself staring slack-jawed (and drooling) up at the menu unable to make a decision.
J.J. has saved me every time, making recommendations and promising to swap it out if I'm not in love.
To date, there has been zero swaps.
I love this place.
It's comfy and fun....with fun cookies, fun art, fun forcefield activators by the register, fun games, fun books, and fun drinks.
I have a new favorite coffee shop in Vegas.
Today's A.R.M.
was delicious...can't wait for tomorrow.
Sorry Sunrise.
Sorry Beat.
I've been grouched.

Visited this place after going to their truck previously.
The prices were good and the coffee was great.
I am usually hesitant to visit coffee shops besides starbucks just because I know what I like and I hate when my drink doesn't taste how I want it to.
Grouchy John's got it perfect and I will return.

Experience it to know why it's 5 star

Grouchy johns not only has amazing coffee but also has some of the best service in Vegas.
They make you feel at home while you sip on some amazing caffeinated goodness.

Super friendly service, amazing coffee, great food!
Bring your laptop and get work done--they provide outlets throughout the shop and there's even free WiFi!
Check out the pastry offerings--they work with local bakeries to offer cupcakes, bagels, and cookies.
Get a stamp card, and for every beverage you purchase, you get a stamp!
When you've got 10, you get a free drink!
And as a bonus, when you check in on Yelp, you get double stamps!
What's not to love?

So ok...
I have never actually set foot inside the coffee shop.
Why give it 4 stars?
Because the coffee and service that I experienced just at the drive thru warrants that rating.
I first tried Grouchy John's at a food truck festival at Silverton and liked it then.
I tried it again about a week ago when I had an appointment at that side of town and just happened to drive past the coffee shop.
I had to go again because it was calling my name.
The service I received at the drive thru was amazing.
They were super friendly.
And they gave me some Starburst while I waited for my drink!
I will definitely have to come in sometime instead of their drive thru...
I know it will bump up this review to five stars.

This is one of a handful of good coffee shops around town.
There are so many different flavors and combinations of drinks to have - you'll want to keep coming back.
Every time I see the truck/trailer, I absolutely must get something.
They do have non-dairy options as well.
The place itself has a mix of new coffee shop with indie.
Books and games everywhere, but it's well lit and not filled with hippies.
See what I mean?
I think the place is actually better than the drinks.
I say that not because the drinks aren't great, but because it's a nice place to be.
Wifi, seating, and a nice atmosphere created by the employees and customers.
Great coffee while supporting small business.
Can't go wrong.

I've been here a lot with my friend and I actually don't like coffee.
But the people here are really chill and are up for any challenge haha.
Upon hearing that I don't like coffee, they offered to make something up for me.
They're quite flexible.
When you get your drink, they'll ask you to taste and see if you like it.
If you don't, they'll fix up another one for you.
The staff are really friendly and funny.
The store itself is pretty funky with the decorations, they've got tons of books, board games, and even instruments that people can pick up and play.
It's a chill atmosphere and even the snacks they sell are good.
They also have heaps of different and interesting concoctions to choose from off their menu.

Ok coffee, nice cakes but poor selection.
Too much comic sans font but a good at-at walker.

My husband and I went to Vegas for a weekend trip and decided to Yelp some coffee shops.
We ended up passing by this place, so we made a U-turn and walked in.
Love this cute coffee shop!
They have shelves and shelves filled with books you can read or borrow and bring back.
The coffee is unique (they have special mixes) and the owner is very down to earth and friendly.
He gave us some tips for breakfast and I must say, they turned out to be excellent suggestions.
=)  Grouchy John's also has tons of board games and free wifi with couches to lounge around.
We came back a second time over the weekend and used the yelp coupon.
The guy behind the counter gave us 2 stamp cards fully stamped for our next visit to Vegas/Henderson!
I love that it's not crowded and you can stop by in the middle of your day to hang out and read a book or play a board game and talk to the workers.

Cheese pastry was delicious...
Friendly staff.
Coffee was really good.
Nice place to relax and enjoy a good cup of coffee.

Coffee served with care.
Grouchy is about an antithetical a name as I could come up with for the owners and staff of this coffe shop (albeit, I have not seen any of them before their morning brew).
John and JJ are fantastically friendly and entertaining, and this family friendly atmosphere that they've created seems like a great fit for the neighborhood.
Don't expect to find the too-cool-for-school brooding hipster barristas that ignore you here.
If you're looking for that vibe, go elsewhere.
But, if you want a great place to chill, play a game (they've got plenty), read a book, snack on some locally made munchies (they support local cooks and bakers), and generally improve your outlook on life, here's your spot.
They take pride in the quality of their product.
No overly burned coffee here!
I find the sweetened drinks (mocha, etc.
) generally too sweet, so I order half sweet.
I don't remember the name, but there is a fruity-floral aroma black tea that is some of the best iced tea I've ever had in my life.
Grouchy definitely brightens my day.

What can I say...Yelpers are right!
This is such an awesome coffee shop.
The shop is cozy and quaint, with a mixture of board games, star wars items, and local artist's artwork.
The guys at GJ are so friendly and helpful.
I enjoyed coming to this coffee shop.
On to the coffee, they are DELICIOUS!
You can order the drink hot, iced, or blended.
I had the Grouchy John hot and blended on two different occasions and they both are yummy.
I love the amaretto flavor in this cup of goodness.
I must say though that the hot tasted sweeter than the blended.
Either version, they were still yummy in my tummy with the right amount of caffeine and sugar kick.
I have also had the Almond Roca latte blended and it was very balanced.
Not too sweet...just right.
We also picked up the best cheese danish I have ever tasted, which is baked by Bread n Butter.
Oh boy, even someone on a Paleo diet must cheat once in a while to taste this melt in your mouth cheese danish with a crispy flaky tart shell.
Oh so good..
I also love the concept of dropping $2 in the bucket, fill up a cup with hot coffee, and leave.
I noticed this on the first morning I visited this coffee shop.
Additionally, the stamp card is a plus and when you check into GJ, you get DOUBLE stamps for each drink, which is a super duper yelpy plus :)  I can confidently say Adios Starbucks...Hello Grouchy John!

Super super duper friendly cafe!
Had bookmarked this place before my trip to Vegas and was glad I did!
When I used to live in Vegas years ago, I always felt there was an absolute lack of coffee shops.
This time around, there is a actually a variety of shops open in the area.
When we walked in, it was empty.
The staff (and I believe one of the owners) immediately greeted us with a warm smile and a cheery "Good Morning.".
These may be simple things to do but I have been to many a shop where this is not the norm!
I had already made up my mind that I wanted one the grouchy cookies but the owner pointed out that they also have a variety of doughnut's (SCORE!
) from KD's doughnuts (a place I had also bookmarked).
He recommended the blueberry doughnut which I also I got.
My lil bro went with a chocolate glazed doughnut.
I chose the Grouchy latte which was white chocolate and almond syrup.
The blueberry doughnut was an amazing surprise!
It was moist and delicious and went perfectly with my drink.
My brother enjoyed his doughnut and polished it off before I even noticed.
Not only do they have quality products here and friendly staff but they also do some other awesome stuff.
They had an area dedicated do donated items for kids in need of back to school supplies.
And let me tell you, it was packed full of items.
How awesome is that???
They also have a book/library program.
The owner saw me eyeing the books and explained that I was welcome to take it and bring it back whenever I was done.
He also said that I can do a book swap where in I could bring books from home and take some books I wanted.
I almost wanted to cry because I DON'T LIVE HERE!
Grouchy John's-good on ya!

Just have to reiterate how great this place is.
I'm there right now.
It has the best espresso, friendliest and most attentive team, and fastest WiFi of any cafe I've tried in the Las Vegas area.
Most businesses distinguish themselves in just one area, but somehow Grouchy John's manages to be better at everything, all at the same time.

Coffee's not bad.
Service leaves much to be desired, they're slow, and it's not good enough to justify the bad service and the wait.

Love John and JJ.
They and their staff are always so friendly.
HAPPY to see a food (coffee) truck turn into a full blown shop.
ALWAYS amazing to see local small businesses succeed and move forward in this City.
The shop is so fun.
Lots of art work and games to have customers stay and enjoy more than just their coffee and/or tea.
Great that they, also, have a drive thru and right in a neighboorhood that I frequent.

The coffee at this place is unbelievably good!
I got a salted caramel latte with almond milk (they have milk options which is another plus!).
I took one sip and I know I'm going to go there all the time now.
:D  it was delicious.
GROUCHY John's has the friendliest people working there.
I only went through the drive thru but still ended up getting great service.
The guy gave me a stamp card and 2 starbursts candies while waiting for my latte so nice.
I haven't tried the pastries YET, I'll update about it!
So mad at myself for waiting such a long time to discover this gem!
Drove past it everyday thinking I'll try one day and went to Starbucks.
If you appreciate great coffee you'll love this place.

First time here in July with my son and his father.
The servers were not grouchy at all.
Very helpful and patient in taking our orders, maybe because there was no line  but what the hey.
I got double stamps for checking in.
My son ordered the vanilla shake while his dad the strawberry flavor.
They liked their drinks well enough.
I had iced green tea.
It was a little watered down.
They have big comfy seats.
Free use of board games and books.
Clean restroom.
All in all a nice, cozy place to hang out without the noisy younger crowd at the other coffee shop.

Love this place, great games and library.
Great local art.
Oh, the drinks are awesome also.....  my favorite is Evil Monkey,

This is it, we finally found our coffee spot.
Coffee is GREAT!
Espresso is nice and mellow, doesn't bite back.
The selections and ADORABLY named flavor parings (The Sith, The Jedi) make this place fun - the service and genuinely nice and happy employees make it a fixture.
I have not tried a pastry yet, they look amazing but incredibly heavy for an early morning start.
Board games and books on the shelves, comic book art and signage on the walls.
There are frequency cards that we'll be taking advantage of in the future, and the drive-through has very fast service.
If only it weren't more than 5 miles away from our route, but it's a sacrifice we'll have to make for a great morning coffee!

I will never drink Starbucks again!
Thiis place is to far from me and I am not a big coffee drinker but after finding this place it will be the only coffee place I go to.
I also got the cranberry orange muffin and was concerned that it may be dry becuase it was almost 11 when I walked in but was hungry and went for it anyway.
OMG it was so moist and tasty.
One of the best cranberry orange muffins I have had.
Will be returning

Definitely can see why the customers are loving this  place.
They have good coffee, provide stevia, and the staff are very friendly.

This is a great coffee shop with an awesome "neighborhood" vibe to it.
The decor is definitely down to earth and inviting.
There are several lounge areas and couches, book cases full of books to indulge in, board games and interesting wall art.
The staff was extremely friendly and took the time to help me decide on my first choice of coffee.
I opted for "Evil Monkey" which was a delicious blend of chai, espresso, and banana syrup.
I could settle on Evil Monkey being my regular drink at GJ's and be extremely happy, but I am thirsty to sample their other creations!
They also offer several different milk options including almond which was great for me.
I wasn't blown away by the cupcake I tried, but I picked based off the novelty design on it, not by what looked the most delicious.
A 12 oz specialty coffee and a cupcake came to $7 and change.
I am a fan!

The people here are so friendly!
They should name it Friendly John!
Anyways, great coffee and smoothie!
They always make my day in the morning!

Great coffee, great atmosphere.
Good wraps too.
I think I'm addicted to the dirty chai.
Love that they have books you can read (or borrow).

A real gem, hidden away from the suffocating Strip.
Perfect west-coast vibe, replete with top quality espresso, nerd-art, and a comfy, welcoming vibe.
Grouchy John's has my full recommendation.

After checking out two coffee shops, that were closed, right before landing to this one, i was finally gratefully to end up here.
Coffee.
I ordered the latte and shortly, the honey latte.
Both were fantastic!!
i could really taste the coffee and the sweetness of the honey was definitely complementing the coffee and not overpowering it.
Addition.
I ordered a nutella banana muffin, which was delicious!
it was not heavy, but it was essentially a muffin with nutella frosting...nice combo.
Service.
The two baristas were very helpful and generous with their  information.
also, the place does have wi-fi, which helped me kill time for about an hr.
The cashier also lent me a pen when i asked for one.
There were charging outlets and surge protectors everywhere, it was definitely conducive for using electronic devices.

This place is walking distance from my house and even if it wasn't, this place would be worth the drive.
The people are especially friendly and the shop in general is just a cool, casual place to hang out.
My only small word of warning is that they seem to make the sweet drinks very sweet.
Far sweeter than Starbucks.
So I would recommend you order your drink half-sweet.

Starbucks move aside!
Grouchy John's here to stay...
I finally experience the awesome customer service provided by the personnel here at Grouchy John's.
They are very helpful and kind.
The coffee taste delicious, and the almond roca is very satisfying.
I also got the cheese danish and it was out of this world.
The best cheese danish I have ever eaten.
I long for the next weekend where I can just come back to GJ, order a black coffee, the cheese danish, and just lounge in the coffee shop...ah, peaceful indeed...

A coffee shoppe with Star Wars/comic book decor and drinks like "The Jedi" and "The Sith"????
I have found my people and they are Caffeinated!

Better than average coffee.
Unique flavors and tasty.
Like many food trucks, a friendly staff and good customer service.
Not epic, but definitely better than average if you happen to be around them.

Grouchy John's hits all the marks a quality, independent coffee shop should: friendly, inviting atmosphere, consistently good coffee and a sense of community.
I enjoy going to Grouchy's as it feels like I'm feeding into the positivity their shop and truck exudes.
Great coffee.
Try the salted OG with soy, iced!

If you want to go someplace where everybody knows your name....
This is it.
Thoughtful service, amazing coffee & yummy food.
Great atmosphere, amazing view, this place has it all with an abundance of power strips to boot.
The Jerk Chicken wrap is great, the Grouchy John cookie is amazing if you can catch one and the iced dirty chai is the best I've had in town.
It's a coffee shop where you actually want to stay and hang - game shelf rocks.

I thank the coffee gods for this place!
I just moved back to Vegas after living in Seattle for the past 4 years, and I was going through delicious coffee withdrawals.
Starbucks and Coffee Bean were not cuttin it for me and this place was highly recommended to me so I decided to go.
I loved the decor and coziness of the shop.
They have a TON of books and games I thought that was awesome.
They had a pretty big menu with what looked like a rotating board of special drinks.
I had a salted caramel latte and it was delish!
Definitely up to Seattle standards and it satisfied my craving :) I will definitely be going back again and hanging out in the shop.

one word: awesome!

I drove 20 minutes to check out this place and it was well worth it!
It was truly refreshing to see something different from your run-of-the-mill coffee shops.
Looking at this place from the outside, dare I say that this place used to be one of those large chain coffee shops?
Dun dun dun...
Anyway, once I walked in, I realized that this place isn't a chain.
The decor is chic which non-corporatey furniture and looks very homey.
Service is excellent and I was asked if I've ever been there before.
They were patient with me while I perused their menu of non-corporatey drinks.
I ordered the Almond Roca Mocha latte, iced (since it was 100 degrees outside).
It truly hit the spot - woke me up (but not like "jolt") and it also hit the sweet craving I was looking for.
If sweet isn't your thing or if you're looking for super strong coffee, then I'm sure they make something for you to.
Oh and they have a drive thru if you're in a rush.

This could only get better if they would bring this to you via an order by app where ever you are.
I've had the Salted Caramel Latte, Grouchy John Frappe, Almond Roca Mocha Frappe, and the Caramel Frappe... and have yet to be disappointed.
Next up is the Honey Latte.
They're friendly, make everything taste great, and really need to find a way to teleport drinks straight into my hand.
Oh yeah, they have non-dairy options, too!

Grouchy's is one of my favorite coffee shops in town!
The drinks are amazing, the atmosphere is weird and fun, and the owners get to know you if you stop by enough.
They host tech coworking nights every other Wednesday until midnight - I look forward to these nights all month.
:)  Edit: Forgot to mention how fun their Facebook presence is: https://www.facebook.com/GrouchyJohnsCoffeeShop

My typical drinks: -Black currant iced tea -Black Guatemalan coffee -The Grouchy John blended drink  Grouchy John's is what a coffee shop should be.
The coffee & tea is fantastic, amenities are very inviting, and the staff is very friendly.
GJ & JJ are community oriented, passionate about the bean, and just overall great guys...why wouldn't you support them?

This is another one of the elite coffee shops in town.
Between them, Sambalatte, Sunrise Coffee, and The Beat-- you really don't have to rely on Starbucks or Coffee Bean for good coffee and a great study environment.
The custom coffees are well crafted concoctions.
I went with the Grouchy John, which contained banana syrup, almaretto, and was made with almond milk.
My girlfriend had one of their other delicious concoctions-- this place can do no wrong.
The place is fairly spacious and is an excellent place to study or just unwind.
Of course, the free wiFi will also encourage you to make a trip.
And you'll probably see Grouchy John himself behind the counter helping to make your drinks and asking you how things are going.
If you are one of those coffee foodies or if you just want a nice, mom and pop owned place to study, this is where you need to be.

Hands down the best coffee shop in Vegas.
You will not be disappointed.

Fantastic coffee, great vibe.
Just an all around great place to sit and chill.

False advertising!
John ISN'T grouchy!

I love this place!
I've been there three times and all of the drinks I had were delicious.
The first time I was there I had their Pumpkin Spice latte, which they make with real pumpkin.
It was so good!
Not quite as sweet as those at other coffee shops, but that's a plus!
I tried the "Jedi" and that was delicious as well.
It has white chocolate and coconut flavor.
Very good, but much sweeter than the Pumpkin Spice latte.
This morning I had a Nonfat Sugar-free Peppermint latte and it was delicious!
I can't wait to go back to try more of their flavors.
The staff here is super friendly and they're quick!
I can stop by before work and still make it there on time.
I will definitely be back for more!

I thought, there's no way this place can be getting 5 stars from everybody.
And then I went here.
It is amazing.
Amazing coffee.
Amazing staff.
Table games.
Football on the TV (cuz I wanted to see my game)...
Awesome place!
Totally deserves the perfect rating!
They even came out to my table to check on me and my wife, getting us waters.
Love it!

Great tasting coffee

Concoctions you won't find anywhere else with new ones routinely created...get nearly all of 'em either hot or cold.
Terrific independent coffee shop with a drive-thru...be sure to get their stamp card if you don't have one already (I think we've been through at least 6)!
Contrary to the name, the Johns aren't grouchy at all...great staff!

John and John are kind of opposites when you meet them, one kind of quiet and surly, and the other complimentary and social-able, but put 'em together and you get one phenomenal coffee-shop.
From the local artists featured on the walls, to the huge selection of board games, and the clean and comfortable environment this place has was it takes.
It is my new favorite place to grab a cup when I am in the southeast area, and is one of the few places left to go that doesn't have a frigging mermaid on the cup.
The drinks are delicious, the coffee is wonderful, and the atmosphere is perfect for me.
If you like your coffee and you like to support local business and you are tired of the same bitter crap from bux, stop in and say hi and have a cup!.
Tell 'em I sent ya!
They won't care, but then again, neither will I!
As a lover of "real" coffee houses, I just can't say enough good about Grouchy Johns!

Been a huge fan of this place since it was simply the truck.
They truly take care of their people.
I've never once walked into Grouchy Johns and not been greeted by name and been asked how I am or about my day.
Good people making good drinks.
Personal favorite is the almond roca mocha.
But they are constantly creating new drinks with things like horchata, and honey.
Stuff people usually would add to coffee or espresso, they've created new addictions with.
My only complaint is there aren't more locations!

I came across Grouchy John's by accident.
I was very content with my discovery of Sambalatte and my belief that it was the best coffee in town.
And while it is still my go to and this is my first visit to Grouchy John's and he will have some making up to do, I have to say I was pretty blown away by the coffee and service!!
I was unsure of what to order.
So many choices and combinations to choose from!
( they have their fav's- grouchy John, o.g., a.r.m., all of which get phenom reviews).
But I decided on the butter-me-up, made with trader joe's cookie butter.
Now I just have to say this is one of my favorite guilty pleasures on earth, but to find it put into an addiction of mine (lets just be honest here!)...
Coffee???
SOLD!!!!
And the verdict is.....
Delightful!!
It wasn't too sweet, which I was worried about.
I ordered it with whole milk but it didn't feel heavy at all.
It was delish and I wish I had ordered the larger size!!
The service was great.
There were a couple people behind the counter and a gentleman that walked around making sure everyone was happy.
I assumed the owner and later asked and was correct!
He asked twice if I had tasted my coffee yet and to let him know if I liked it and checked on me several times as I sat and enjoyed the vibe.
The barista (girl with dark hair) also asked me.
It was very nice to have such great service.
Now....On to the vibe of the joint.
I really enjoyed it, but initially it threw me for this side of town I think.
I seriously felt I was walking into a gamers room who is obsessed with star wars and may be out of town at a comic con convention.
Very eclectic range of people hanging out, playing board games and on their computers.
Honestly,I could see this place downtown... but am more than thrilled that this piece of culturally diverseness found its way into my part of town!!!
It's one of my biggest reasons for missing LA so much.
Vegas lacks places like this!!
I will be back!!
Thanks Grouchy John.... Who isn't grouchy at all!!
;-)

This place is awesome.
First of all you get to say, "meet me at grouchey's" to people which is obviously amazing, but they serve top of the line drinks too.
The grouchy john frappe and almond roca mocha are delicious.
Why can't you order by the gallon?
(Really though.
)  Grouchey's puts Starbucks to shame.

One of the best food trucks in Vegas and it don't serve food -- just coffee drinks and smoothies.
Wouldn't know much about the smoothies, but I have a serious caffeine addiction and Grouchy John's Coffee does a great job with espresso drinks and coffee.
First, the black coffee is great.
Grouchy John's uses coffee beans that are medium roast (not French roast or burnt like Starbucks beans).
After they grind the bean down, they brew up a strong tasting and flavorful cup of joe.
Thumbs up.
The espresso drinks are great too.
The honey latte is my favorite, offering a sweet steamed milk drink with a sweetness falling between a mocha and a latte.
The honey provides a nice sweetness, but not so much that the taste of the espresso is drowned away.
Love it.
The mocha should be celebrated as well--for those nights when you want a hot chocolate, but also need a pick up--it's delicious.
Finally, the truck offers great customer service.
The guys running the truck always seem to be in good spirits and crank out the drinks quickly.

Great place to come for a Great cup of coffee with plenty of books, games, and TVs to be entertained by.
Or the studying to excel academically while the Maneki-neko (Chinese lucky cat) swings its arms at you, taunting you.
The baristas were great, gave recommendations on what to try, which milk goes best and even brought my cup out to the table instead of calling my name and letting me get up.

I love this place!!!
It is a great place to sit down, drink a couple cups of coffee and crank out some work for grad school!
And even if you don't have homework, it is a good place to come relax and catch up with friends.
Everyone is super friendly, the place is very clean and creatively decorated.
Highly recommend going here!

My sister and I affectionately call this "Grumpy Johns!
" I love this place for many reasons.
First off, it is refreshing to visit a business where your expectation is to recieve grumpy service.
No pressure or feeling slighted if the counter attendant scowls and delivers service without a smile:( However, this is not the case, for they do smile here and seem genuinely glad for your business.
Next, my coffee connesuier insticts have confirmed that these beans and the expert preparation are first rate.
EVERY soothing sip of my mocha et al.
has been sublime.
NOT the case at your chains.
Third, a drive thru.
Enough said.
And lastly, the selection of seating choices and games and books invites one to leave behind the bustling frenzy of life and linger for awhile.
Love these Grumps!

I'm not family or an employee or even a mistress, but I am connected to the owners cause you get connected the minute you walk in there.
The service is INCREDIBLE.
It's home without the comments about your weight or hair.
I go there quite a bit with my teaching partner to grade papers, plan lessons, and to restore my sanity and faith in humanity.
I also go there to write.
Sometimes I just go there.
Mind you, I am driving from NLV, which is 3 time zones and a passport stamp away!
So, the service is fantastic - courteous, caring, fast with a spare ipad or phone charger and I'm a blackberry girl, not so easy in an Apple world, but JJ comes through every time, Yeah, the service is fantastic.
But good service and mediocre coffee would lead me to cheat on them with God forbid, Starbucks.
No, the drinks are great!
I can't recommend a particular item because for a long time only the owner could remember what I liked.
Now, I typically order off menu.
I name the flavors I am craving or the mood I'm in or the 7 riduculous things that were said to me that day and a magical drink is created!
It is always delicious.
If it is not sheer perfection, it gets remade.
I even learned to drink chai there.
In addition to the liquid goodness, there are pastries and now wraps.
i am partial to the bagels.
At GJ's, the food items come from local vendors and businesses, which I love!
They have a drive through as well, but come inside.
You'll get connected too!

my only problem with this place is there is only one location.
yea its on the way to work but i love the coffee here so much i wish there were more locations.
awesome people, awesome shop, awesome coffee.
never thought i'd find another place other than that other big chained coffee shop that i'd enjoy but Grouchy John's proved me wrong.
support your local shop owners and consider visiting here and giving it a try.
i was quite surprised at how delishus my mocha latte was.

I've been eyeing Grouchy John's for awhile now just haven't been able to cross the street.
I always play basketball at the park across the street from here.
But it's usually hot outside and not feeling coffee.
I love the artwork which is for sale.
I wonder if I can put my art work up too.
I like this place if you CHECK-IN you get an extra star stamp on your drink card if you buy a drink.
Sweet only a few more then I get something free I think.
They have board games to play and books to read and seems like a pretty cool environment.
They even have free WIFI  The first time I was here I needed to wake up a little and could've used a good coffee drink.
Instead I noticed that they make something cool and because it was once again 100+ outside in Vegas during the summer I had to get some cold.
Went with the Strawberry Banana Smoothie with whipped cream on top which was delicious.
They were fast at making it.
The customer service was great and friendly, I enjoyed the environment.
I came back again cause I really needed something to wake me up and it was COLD outside.
WHY CAN"T IT JUST BE 75 DEGREES YEAR ROUND WHHHYYY.
NM.
LOL.
I'm no expert coffee drinker or orderer but I do drink coffee enough to say Grouchy John's Coffee pretty damn good.
Plus you can't go wrong with extra stamp per drink with yelp app check-in.

When I was in college, I liked to consider myself a coffee house guru given that I had tried just about every single one in town within driving distance; and though Grouchy John's was about 15 minutes from my house- one of the furthest- I kept coming back because it was easily the best.
Customer service was always grand and staff was always knowledgeable of their menu and able to make good recommendations.
For me, some of the signature drinks like the Grouchy John are unfortunately just too sweet for my palate, but with a very wide variety and a willingness from staff and ownership to please, it is easy to find a beverage that you'll keep coming back to.
And if you do not like your drink, whether it was made wrong or you just discovered it's not for you, they will remake it or give you something else to make you happy.
So for me, I recommend the Butter-Me-Up Late which is made with cookie butter but to me tastes like cereal milk if you're into that kind of thing.
Also I love the Jedi and for a break from coffee, they make a superb apple cider with caramel and cinnamon add-ins if you like.
Pastries, cookies, bagels, etc.
are also delicious, but sometimes when they bring in merchandise from other shops in town it can be overpriced- but this makes sense considering the change of hands.
That aside, this is one of the only places I know that really does cross-promote other local shops and bakeries in a wonderful way and Grouchy Johns seems to be the most involved in the community with their Thursday night networking (I forget the official name), clothing and toys drives, and more.
Also, love the decor and their displays you can buy especially from local artist Tommy Vinci- very cool.
I would easily recommend this place to anyone.
I used it primarily as a study ground, alone or with friends.
The only thing is it is busy a lot of the time because it is really popular, so if you go there to study either bring headphones or adapt to a "white noise" environment.
My only complaint is that I wish it could be open later more often for the night owls among us :) Maybe some day!

After a hard day at work, Grouchy John's Coffee Shop makes me a joyful coffee drinker.
It is one of a handful of coffee shops that I routinely patronize.
Grouchy John's Coffee Shop is the antithesis of the corporate coffee shop.
It has the personality and energy level of a downtown Las Vegas coffee shop.
It is a slice of downtown Las Vegas in the southeast Las Vegas Valley.
Outside the entrance is the iconic Grouchy John's coffee shop.
This is an omen that the customer is in for a unique coffee shop experience.
Inside the lobby resembles a student union with the touch of a living room.
On the way to the counter, which is on the right, are numerous seating arrangements.
There are the standard tables and chairs throughout the lobby.
At the far left corner are plush chairs arranged around a small table.
At the far window are bar seats that are popular with Internet users.
Bookcases holding books share the space with the seats.
Grouchy John's is more than coffee.
It is also a library.
In my opinion, the library is more of a decoration.
From what I see, the majority of the customers are on-line reading digital material compliments of the free WiFi (myself included).
The sight and smell of the books improve cozy vibe of the place.
At the counter, the employees are friendly.
They notice repeat customers, and make them feel welcome.
They show their appreciation for repeat customers with a card that earns stamps toward a free beverage.
Forget the card at home.
They will not be grouchy.
They will stamp another card which you can use with the other card toward a free refill.
When I first started going here, they would visit my table to ask me if I needed a refill or a Starburst.
So much for grouchy.
My beverage of choice has been a cup of coffee with peanut butter syrup, This tastes like sipping melted Reeses Pieces with the advantages of caffeine.
Today, I tried the Almond Roca Mocha Late.
It tasted like a hot liquid desert beverage with the advantages of caffeine.
If you decide to visit Grouchy John's Coffee Shop, please keep in mind a few things.
On weekdays it closes at 8:00 PM., which in my book is way too early.
High quality coffee based beverages are delicious on the taste buds whereas they are poison on the breath.
I highly recommend bringing breath mints.
And most of all, do not expect to leave grouchy.

Almond Roca Mocha Soy was so Delish!
Will return for more!

love the name and the entire place.
The service is spot on along the java!
WIsh you were closer to my hood though

Huzzah!
I finally got to try Grouchy John's, but I don't fully understand the grouchy part.
I was met by an incredibly friendly staff when I arrived.
This place is much smaller than I had anticipated, but they make up for that in charm.
From Star Wars decor, waving cat ornaments, and various works of art that were featured on an episode of Portlandia (If you know the show, you know what I'm talking about.
) And not to mention the uniquely crafted beverages, Grouchy John's is an oasis in a desert of corporate coffee.

What a great place to grab a cup of coffee, hangout, read a book, internet surf and meet new people!
I knew about this place because a close friend always checks in here on yelp.
I do not live close, but luckily I am house sitting her home and I get to experience this great place!!
They have a wide variety of drinks, from coffee to smoothies.
My favorite part is that they serve almond milk and have a natural sweetener and I do not have to get splenda!
Did I mention this place was a lot cheaper then starbucks where you get crappy coffee!?
When I come to Grouchy John's I usually will sit for a few hours and read my book, I even watched a movie on my computer the other day.
They did not mind me staying awhile and even came around to ask if I was doing okay and filled up my coffee!
They have bookshelves filled with books if you ever forget yours or even finish yours while you are there and want to start a new one!
Great place, great staff!

This place blow Starbucks and other chain coffee shops out of the water.
First it's the staff.
It's a small group of baristas that are amongst the friendliest and nicest you will encounter in any type of customer service role.
They remember their regulars and always have a happy demeanor, even if the shop is insanely busy.
Oh!
They make great coffee too.
The menu has all the typical coffee shop norms.
I especially like some of their more creative flavor combinations like "The Sith" which is mocha and peppermint, or the "PBJ" which includes REAL peanut butter along with banana flavorings.
They also have some food options including healthy wraps, and the normal pastry selection that is to be expected.
Decor is nice and inviting.
This place is huge in the Vegas tech scene.
You'll often find developers working hard on their Mac's, while some film guys discuss their latest project they're working on.
They have a ton of books and games that you can grab up and enjoy, as well as a tv playing something geeky on the AppleTV.
Plenty of comfy seating.
If you're looking for good coffee, great service, and a cool place to hang out that ISN'T regurgitated Starbucks, this is your place.
P.S.
I've met the Grouchy John, and he's FAR from grouchy!

I love that they are using local products from their beans to their bakery items.
It's nice when you get great service and great coffee in the same place.

This used to be Saxby's and I was utterly disappointed when I found out that it was replaced by Grouchy John's.
I've got say however, that Grouchy John really delivers so I'm not at a total loss after all.
This is one of my favorite local coffee houses!
Very comfortable atmosphere and really delicious brews.
Their staff is also super friendly; customer service is always on point!

So I try  to boycott Starbucks as much as I can.
I am giving this place 5 stars for a few reasons.
The made me a salted caramel cappuccino fat free and sugar free!
And it was delicious.
Can I get a What?
What?
(At Starbucks it's hit or miss when I order fat fee and sugar free.
I've paid 5 dollars for a not so great or even drinkable coffee.
)  2.
They were super friendly and help full.
When my drink was ready they even asked me if I loved it, and if not they will remake it.
Super nice and thoughtful!!
3.I liked it in there.
It was inviting and clean.
They had board games as well.
My 6 year old's school is right around the corner so it is helpful if we had time to kill in the neighborhood.
I was considering giving it 4 stars instead of 5 just because they were out of 2 things I wanted to order.
But after thinking a while I remembered that in comparison to coffee places I have been to, this place was so much better.
My coffee was on point.
Delicious.
I didn't even need to stop at their "condiment station" and "fix" my coffee.
I also understand that It is a new place and it is actually pretty busy, so understandable that they run out of things that are popular.
Especially if these items are fresh.
So I can appreciate their care of my satisfaction and the friendly staff.
I'll be back and I will update if needed.
By the way they can make almost anything sugar free and fat free and that's an extra bonus!

I first encountered Grouchy John's Coffee at the Farmers Market downtown and these guys are anything but grouchy.
Serving java, tea, and smoothies from their little yellow truck with a smile, I became a fan of their honey lattes and that's the only drink I've had so far.
Being downtown again today, I ordered the same drink but the next time, I want to try the Shirley Temple smoothie made of matcha green tea w/ cherry.
They also offer a stamp card and you get a double stamp with a Yelp check-in--cheers, guys!

Great place to read or socialize and enjoy some wonderful coffee.
Cool independent drink recipes and a killer atmosphere.
All around great experience.
Stop in and support.

A small but cool coffee shop.
I was not overly impressed with the coffee but it was better than a Starbucks.
Lots of books and even board games.
Plus a beautiful view of the city from one side of the shop.
A nice place to just chill with some coffee.

Awesome atmosphere.
First time here I ordered an iced Grouchy John and a toasted cheese bagel with cream cheese both being absolutely delicious.
The staff is very friendly and informative when it came to ordering off their diverse menu.
This place is obviously loved by the locals as I noticed a crowded table of friends exchanging stories with one another.
Will definitely have to come back again soon and try out their other well-crafted drinks!

One of the best coffee shops in the LV, if not the best!
A small boutique, with lots of character and local love.
Barsita's are very friendly and a great representation of the company overall.
I highly recommend stopping by and grabbing a cup... relax on the patio... read a book, play a board game... listen to the awesome tunes... it's well worth it!

GJ's is a great locally owned coffee shop.
They pour a good cup of Joe & pull a nice shot of espresso.
The drink menu is expansive but I only drink coffee & espresso...together sometimes, well, mostly.
So, I can't speak to the quality of anything else, but would guess it is all good.
In the mornings they have an urn full of coffee with to-go cups on a table & a self-pay system for those in a hurry.
BRILLIANT!
Also brilliant, they have a box full of power strips for laptop users to tap into the electricity, so you don't have to fight for a plug.
The staff is super friendly & the location is easily accessible with convenient drive-thru.
GJ's is and will be one of my regular coffee joints for a long while.

I love it here!
The atmosphere is great.
Lots of places to sit, books and board games to use at your disposal, and quirky geek decor.
There is even a drive-thru.
The coffee is delicious!
There are a bunch of options for flavor combinations and I believe it's a tad bit cheaper than Starbucks.
I love my iced lattes, and I'm used to getting a cup full of ice with a little bit of coffee.
But at Grouchy Johns, there's just enough ice to make my coffee cold.

Nice staff, really good coffee.
A little sweet for my taste, but I'm sure I could ask for fewer pumps of flavor, they're super accommodating, and always make sure you like your drink.
I'll be back for sure.

Excellent coffee shop.
Staff was helpful and accommodating and the coffee was amazing.
Nice seating and ambiance and a great collection of books and board games.
Props for the Star Wars references everywhere.

Im always a fan of supporting small local business and this place is a top notch coffee shop.
Great service and wide array of treats.
I like seeing the local artwork on display every time i visit.

There's nothing grouchy about John, or whatever the name is of the owner/manager we interacted with there.
This is what a coffee shop should be!
First of all, the coffee.
It's a solid, quality offering...drip coffee...nothing fussy, and not expensive.
I quite enjoyed the Brasilian blend.
It's the type of coffee that there's no need to put sugar in (I definitely sugar my Starbucks).
My friend Marc, however, choose to order one of the fru-fru latte drinks which included some sort of "monkey" thing with bananas.
They were tasty, although that's not really my coffee preference.
They had a nice assortment of sweets and pastries.
I had a bagel they'd bought from some local bagelry (I'm going to make that a noun).
What really is cool though is that the staff are all incredibly friendly and welcoming.
The other neat thing is that they have a ton of games for play by customers just sitting around.
Seems like it would be a neat place to hang out.
Bonuses include Wi-Fi, a drive through, lots of power strips, and a free drink loyalty card.
We came here 3 days in a row for my morning coffee during my trip to Vegas.
If I lived in Vegas, I'd be here all the time.

I absolutely love this coffee shop.
Everyone is very friendly, the coffee is delicious and the decor is great.
It reminds me of the coffee shops you see in movies / TV.
because it is just that cozy inside.
I enjoy the iced A.R.M and the iced O.G..
The Grouchy John is really good as well.
Today was their 1 year anniversary and they did a blood drive, toy drive and were giving out buy one get one free drinks and free drinks for donations.
Awesome place!
My one is complaint is that they don't open until 7 on the weekends, when that's pretty much the only time my butt is out of the house that early.

This shop has great coffee!
I use to live right across the street and it was great!

I'm not a coffee drinker or caffeine addict, but I do enjoy a nice tea from time to time.
I have been a little under the weather lately due to a cold and while I was in the area running some errands, I stopped by Grouchy John's for a chai latte to ease my sore throat.
I didn't go inside, but instead went through their drive thru.
I'm always a fan of having a drive thru option since I'm usually in a hurry or just want a quick drink for my ride.
I have driven by this location on many occasions and finally made a point to stop by.
The guy taking my order was very helpful.
I had a few questions about the menu and he helped clear up any confusion and decide on my order.
Better yet, they didn't treat me like a moron for not knowing all the coffee lingo.
By the time I drove up to the window my drink was ready and I was on my way.
Definitely glad to utilize a locally-owned business for my chai tea needs.
I'll definitely be back to check out some of their pastries and other drink options.

Fantastic customer service, fantastic environment with a great Facebook page.
I enjoy coming to try their beverages several times a week and always look forward to seeing the daily special or something new they came up with.
Save your drink stamps and collect enough for a free beverage.
Very lucky to live so close!

FUN!
with Great Service!
:) Their caffeinated happiness options are many and not the usual "run of the mill" combinations.
You can totally get adventurous with your coffee here... or you can just grab a cup of Joe at their self serve station and hit the road in the matter of minutes.
Their coffee is top notch... not bitter and has great flavor.
I totally suggest following them on Facebook since they post daily and have in-store events frequently.
Plus it's super entertaining to see what is going on, who is doing what and what the specials are going on or what's coming up.
They also have a mobile truck that goes to various locations and events around  town.... so you might see them out and about.
SUPER nice folks here.
And they love Star Wars... so they are tops in my book even if they didn't have great coffee.

Definitely my new favorite coffee shop.
I'm not a coffee snob by any means, but I do like a foofy drink once in a while.
I tried the Mint Mocha frappucino (though I don't know if they call it that) and my wife had the carmel one.
Both are excellent, reasonably priced, and if you check in on Yelp you get double stamps.
With double stamps it takes about 5 trips to get a free drink - far better than Starbucks.
I'll definitely be back and love the location and how easy it is to get in and out of.
A well deserved 5 stars!

This place is awesome.
Just is.
Go there and have a coffee.
Check out the AT-AT.

Such a great coffee shop!
Staff is very friendly and helpful and the vibe is wonderful.
A great place to chill out and enjoy a fantastic cup of joe.

Great name and staff.
Average coffee.

Do yourself a favor and pass up on Starbucks.
This was a terrific place to sit and have coffee.
My Grouchy John Macchiato was suberb with the almond milk suggested by the barista.
The place was ultra-friendly and the decor quirky.
Right up my alley!

LOVE, love, love Grouchy John's.
A great place with interesting, and fun decor and talented Baristas!
The service is fast, incredible and friendly, and the coffee is to die for!

Being a newcomer to LV, I came upon Grouchy Johns quite by accident.
Tiki Bear (my chi) loves to go to the park across from this wonderfully delicious coffee house.
Our favorite thing is the park and the drive thru.
I order the Cafe Breve, extra shot and a sweet n low and tiki can't wait to get to the drive thru window for his free biscuit.
Some days I'll stop in before work for the wonderful coffee, goodies and of course the marvelous customer service and comfortable atmosphere.
Everyone knows my name and that gives me that warm fuzzy feeling that you don't find just anywhere.
Kudos and many thanks Grouchy Johns!
May we have many days together.....

Everyone I know loves Grouchy John's so maybe there's something wrong with me.
I've only been here twice and both times just in the drive-thru to grab a mocha latte, which, to be perfectly honest, I wasn't all that big of a fan of.
The service was great, though!
Everyone is super friendly and they even gave me a punch card.
If you check in on Yelp, you get double stamps.
Also, the coffee is quite expensive.
A mocha is about $1 more than at DD and much smaller.

Awesome place for coffee and to relax.
Very cozy and lots of outlets for all your needs.
The coffee is best I've had in Vegas.

This used to be the location of my favorite coffee shop of all time, which shut all of its vegas store's doors.
Thankful that Grouchy John's was able to make great use of this space and make me love them too.
JJ is very friendly, always running around making sure every customer is content.
They host painting events, they have giveaways, they do silly things, and they know the importance of social media for business these days.
Good drinks, good service, free wifi, a movie playing daily, huge book trade sections, games, and my favorite part: an outlet at every seat so people like me who waste hours in a coffee shop on a laptop can stay charged with coffee while our computers stay charged via power-cord!

We LOVE this place.
People who work here are super friendly.
Love their Almond Mocha Rocha.... mmmmm.
We bring our dog here and sit outside.
The coffee is way better than Starbucks.
We support local businesses and you should too!!!
WOOOOO!!!
We love JJ

I feel like the outcast here since I'm not a huge fan.
I have been a few times.
Tried an iced tea (yum), a latte (so so), chai (little flavor), pumpkin muffin (delish) and an apple cider (so overly sweet I threw it out).
The service is great, despite the Grouchy name.
They do offer wifi, have a stash of books and games, and a comfy seating area.
I have such mixed feeling about this place since my drinks haven't been consistant.
Seems like I usually love what I go here and order, but from other places that are always on the mark.
I haven't ordered anything here that I wasn't sure I would like, but their drinks are really hit or miss for me.
Might give it another go round since it is right outside of my neighborhood.

Wow this place reminds me of the coffee shop version of the boba shop I work at.
Strange.
We were greeted as we entered AND as we left.
Everyone was chill and helpful.
The prices were simple (I love it when places round to the dollar) and affordable.
I got a soy iced latte, which was pretty darn good.
The coffee beans they use are very different than what I'm used to...It's more earthy, I would say.
I think I like it!
The coffee taste is not too strong and not bitter at all, but the drink was definitely not weak or watery.
The decor is very inviting and I could see myself hanging out with friends, playing one of their numerous board games.
However, I came here to study so I refrained from playing with all the little amenities they had.
I wanted to try one of their Yelp-famous grouchy cookies but the cashier said he had never heard of them.
Strange...
Bonus points for hassle-free and very fast wifi!
Too bad this place is so far from my house.
Otherwise, I would definitely go more often.

Thank you, Grouchy John, for making this world a better place.
Hidden away in a quiet neighborhood on Maryland off of Windmill, I would have zoomed past this gem without giving it a second thought if it weren't for my buddies' raving reviews.
I like the fact that Grouchy John's has a drive-thru for those that are in a hurry.
Small, quaint and homey is what I felt when walking in.
There's a lot of books and board games so there's stuff to do if a cup o' joe won't cut it.
Personally, I walked in with a mind set of getting some work done.
And that, I did.
They have your typical coffee drinks.
And then they have their specialty drinks.
I ordered the ARM (Almond Roca Mocha) with soy milk.
YUM!
They don't do the whole latte art thing here, just some good java in a simple paper cup.
I was there for about an hour and a half and about halfway through my stay, a barista came around to check up on all of us and asked if we wanted a cup of water.
Little things like that really make the difference between a regular coffee spot and an awesome one.
I always have some work to do and you can bet your dollar that I'll be back here to do so!

Found these guys from a review in Spirit Magazine...
It's an amazing place that I just love.
The customer service is off-the-hook, with a "welcome back" each time I show up.
And who can beat someplace where everyone knows your name, how you take your coffee, and bring it out to you!!
5 Star all the way... You've made a raving fan out of me!

The staff there was very friendly and theres a nice little table you can sit a t to enjoy your food.
Enjoy....

Best coffee in Vegas.
Great staff.
Very inviting atmosphere.
What else can you ask for?

Suicide smoothie, the best!

Delicious coffee!
Cool staff and funky atmosphere.
Had a few different iced/blended beverages, and visited the coffee trailer they have at events as well.
Everything has been really tasty, and John isn't that grouchy!
He often hands out small samples at events like First Friday.

Awesome place!
I was in town for a wedding and needed a place to study.
After going to a terrible Starbucks I walked here and found it totally worth it.
Great environment with books, games, plenty of outlets, and nice areas to spread out and study.
Not to mention the drinks are tasty and have unique combinations too!
Food is good.
Best thing is their staff is very friendly and accommodating!
I strongly recommend this place!
If I lived in Vegas I would definitely be a regular!

Not as Grouchy as they want you to think, Grouchy John's has some damn fine coffee with a great atmosphere.
As the photos show, the inside is bright and colorful; it's a really nice change from the typically muted look of most coffee shops.
There's plenty of pop culture related (mostly sci-fi, but especially Star Wars) art adorning the walls.
Again, a nice break from what you see at a lot of coffee shops in Vegas.
If you're a nerd like me, you'll probably get an extra kick out of it.
They have a TON of books and board games, there's a TV with the news on (it's muted and closed caption).
It's not too noisy in here so you can get work done pretty easily if you feel like it, but it's also laid back enough to hang out with some friends, split a tasty pastry and play a game.
I haven't tried any of their more unique drinks yet but I can tell you they make a mean dirty chai latte.
I usually get it with almond milk.
Their regular coffee is great, and so is the espresso (I guess that's obvious, since it'd be hard to make a mean dirty chai without some equally mean espresso).
The presentation of the drinks isn't anything fancy, but I've never given much of a damn what the cup looks like, especially when the coffee is good.
There's also free wi-fi, friendly service... basically, I think it's my current favorite coffee shop and I feel like I should go more frequently.

This is one of those occasions when half stars would be useful..  4.5 stars would be more accurate here.
The menu has something for all preferences and tastes, the store is playful & fun, and the service is top notch.
Continuing my LV independent coffee shop adventure, my husband and I headed to Grouchy John's Saturday morning.
Everything about this place was "just right".
The store feels modern & contemporary but also relaxed and unpretentious.
The menu was large but not overwhelming.
Plus there are coffee & non-coffee confections that would make Willy Wonka blush!
My husband had the Grouchy John Latte which combined white chocolate & amaretto.
Grouchy John himself  (i think) helped me out with my selection.
He picked an off menu item called Serenity... white chocolate, peppermint and topped with whip cream & caramel (i skipped out on the toppings though - didn't want a cavity before breakfast).
My husband also tried their blueberry muffin, banana nut muffin, and a glazed donut (seriously, he did) and he absolutely loved every bite (blueberry was his favorite).
Other than the good coffee, I feel the most notable part of my experience was I felt like I was in a friend's living room.
Yes other places also have books and boardgames, but the vibe here definitely felt very home-y.
That's quite a feat for first-timers.
I wish I lived closer but I'm already planning a trip back with friends next weekend for another round of Sopranos Trivia (I rule).

Great little coffee shop!
Offers almond milk as a substitute and the smoothies and tea are very tasty!

Great coffee, great atmosphere, better employees!
Be sure to get an iced drink during the summer, it can get a bit hot!

After one visit you'll need "G.J.A"  (Grouchy John's Anonymous) ADDICTING!
Staff is AWESOME.
Location is great, drive thru if you need a quick grab and go OR sit inside either way you wont regret it!

I spend way too much time in coffee shops..
Being a student I often find myself going to one when I need to get out of the house (too many distractions) and get some hard core reading in.
I've been to the big chains and you can find me pouring over books in out of the way cafe's.
I've been to hipster joints, shi shi posh pinky finger up when you sip espresso places.
I've seen the highs and lows.
So what puts Grouchy John's heads and tails above the rest simple they care.
From the drinks to the way they treat customers they just care.
I've been here a few times now, and have just decided to up my frequency on today's visit.
Things I have noticed on my stay here firstly they seem to know their customers, now I'm not just talking drink preference any average Joe can do that, but they truly seem to know them and like them.
If I weren't the jaded individual I am I would assume that they're inviting some of their customers over for Sunday brunch, as they seem like old time buddies.
Now am on that level of chummieness with the staff, no, but that did not stop them from walking to my table and asking me if I wanted a glass of water.
I know there is somebody out there saying, "well whats the big deal with that".
Well it is a big deal.... when was the last time somebody did that for you?
In fact I have seen them treat everybody with that same level of thoughtfulness and respect.
Now if this doesn't convince you to give them a try then let me just say this board games and star wars.... now if you don't like any of those things I think you're better off getting a coffee from the gas station because you sir are dead inside.

The most amazing coffee I've ever had!
Currently obsessed with the Iced Grouchy John's Latte!

super friendly staff and neat little area to hang out while u sip on your smoothie / coffee love the local art work too, they have board games and plenty of couch room,

Such a cute coffee shop.
This is exactly my ideal kind of coffee shop!
Tasty coffee, delicious pastries, every board game known to man and cozy atmosphere.
Just wish I could walk there.

The coffee here is great and the staff is amazing- always friendly and makes it fun to come in.
It has a nice neighborhood feel and they are very supportive of other small businesses, art, just an overall great place - it sure beats the massive chain coffee shops.

absolutely love this place!

This neighborhood coffee joint is absolutely fantastic!
Not only is the service friendly and attentive (unlike the name suggests, ha) but the coffee is great as well.
They have a large variety of coffee concoctions and smoothies.
They have pastries and it's all from local pastry businesses.
I visit them regularly.
They also have special events (like Caffeine N Canvas) that are super fun and affordable!
Visit!

GJ's Is an Awesome place!
the people a way friendly and I love all the dcor.
I really enjoyed my GJ's Frappe with an extra shot.
This is a breakout coffee shop.

I really love this place.
The staff is really nice and have great customer service.
Need to expand their locations.
I'm a big coffee lover.
My favorite is the Jedi with almond milk.
Keep it up with the great coffee.

The staff and the service at this coffee shop were outstanding.
If I lived in Las Vegas, I would go to this coffee shop frequently.
I thought my drink was too sweet and they fixed it for free and even threw an extra shot of espresso in there on the house.
I told them I would pay for it since I should have requested the drink less sweet, but they would not have it and provided a delicious replacement complimentary.
The cusotmer service and the atmosphere are great.

Best coffee shop in town, hands down.
At a close second is Sambalatte.
I really love Grouchy John's because their staff really goes the extra mile to take care of customers.
If you're hanging out in the coffee shop, the employees will walk around once in a while to check on everyone, sometimes even giving free coffee refills and providing ice water.
You really feel like you're in someone's home when you're at Grouchy John's, especially since there are so many awesome books and board games around to keep you busy if you're looking to spend your day or evening hanging out and sipping coffee with friends.
This place also has amazing donuts, but you have to get there early enough or they'll run out!
The coffee is great - my favorites are the Grouchy John's Latte and the Cookie Butter latte.
Also, they have a wide variety of cold juices and smoothies if you're not in the mood for caffeine.
I like to sit here and study, people watch, read, listen to music, or just relax on my day off.
Locally owned coffee shops beat corporate coffee, always!

I like Grouchy John's because of the great customer service and their willingness to make sure you are taken care of.
Very comfortable and welcome to hang out and they check on you .
They have plenty of books and games to make you feel at home.
The drink selection is wonderful, plus the coffee is the best I have had in Las Vegas

This place it great!
Cute decor, board games, 5 star service every time, reasonable prices, amazing art for sale on the walls, convenient location, and best of all Amazingly Addictive coffee!
My favorite is the hot chai tea and double shot coffee with almond milk.
Now I need some Grouchy's :)

Good coffee with a comfortable atmosphere, can't ask for much more from a coffee shop.

Trying for the first time, got the Grouchy John: white chocolate & Amaretto with almond milk....hubby got apple cider with caramel & cinnamon...got the little one a chocolate pull apart donut.....delicious coffee, for realz!

I've been here a few times to get work done and just enjoy being out of my house.
I work one of my jobs from home, so having the opportunity to get out of my bed that has my body permanently imprinted in it from laying in it with my laptop within typing range is perfect.
Most recently I went at like 8am on a Sunday.
I try to avoid going all the way back out to my house whenever possible, so I had a couple hours to kill between an airport run and a yoga class.
I was a wee bit hungry so I bought something called "ManBakes" which I guess are a local product with a really unfortunate name.
ManBakes sounds disgusting, and not just in an anatomical sense, but also in a sexist sense.
MANBAKES?
Come on.
Gross.
Whatever though, that's not the task at hand.
What's awesome about this place is that when you're inside, you forget that it's perma-summer.
I come from a land of four seasons, and this "Hades April-September" and "Light Autumn September-April"  business of Vegas doesn't quite do it for me, but I feel like when I'm in Grouchy J's I could look up from my computer and see snow falling on the ground, or blossoms forming on trees, or something whatever.
Staff is also super friendly and gives you two stamps without proving you checked in on Yelp.
Their straight-up drip coffee is fantastic, as well as their other foo-foo drinks that I like to have when I want to nullify a workout.

I am not a big fan of coffee, but I have been trying new things, like trying different types of coffee other than *bucks or TRYING to like wine.
Anyway, I usually get my sugar and caffeine fix from *bucks once a month because it's the only place I know and it's everywhere.
Once I had John's coffee, I had a wake up call.
I realized that I absolutley hate corporate chain coffee shops.
The espresso was perfect.
It had right amount of bitterness, it was fresh and the aroma was heavenly.

This coffee shop is definitely up there on my list of favorites.
I used to frequent this place to study and I'd stay there hours at a time.
For some reason, this is the coffee shop where I manage to get the most work done.
There's a good amount of outlets and the noise level has not been a problem.
My favorites from here are the butter me up latte made with cookie butter, the pbm, the nutella latte, and the mayan apocalypse!
I recommend exploring their menu because their other drinks are just as delicious.
And I've overheard their willingness to make you a new drink if you're not satisfied with what you received.
Staff is friendly and they even walk around to check up on you to make sure you're doing okay.
In all, the atmosphere, the drinks, and the service are excellent.
Grouchy John's a must-try for those who haven't yet.
Check in on yelp and get double stamps!
After 10 stamps, get any drink, any size for free.

Finally got around to checking out this coffee shop.
We used the drive thru since we had a sleeping baby in the car.
We got the Almond Roca Mocha with almond milk and it was delicious!
Customer service was extremely fast and they were really nice!
We found our new favorite coffee place!

I went here for the first time and asked the cashier for a recommendation - something not too bitter and not too sweet.
He told me to try the salted caramel latte which I did.
Not too bitter - checked!
A little too sweet and tasted fattening.
I will need to come back and try something else.
I like the bookcase-lined walls and amble tables and seats.
It's also not too cold in here which is nice.

Man, this weekend was full of checking out eclectic coffee shops.
The other day, I checked out Sunrise Coffee the other day and loved it.
A couple of buddies of mine, The 80's Kids, told me about this amazing place on Maryland called Grouchy John's.
I has a lot of work to catch up on and thought this was the perfect opportunity to take advantage of this Yelping opportunity.
I'm literally sitting in this joint writing this review.
It's located on the corner of Wigwam and Maryland Pkwy.
Brings back a few memories from when I used to live a couple of blocks away.
That was almost 6 years ago.
You walk in and notice the vaulted ceilings, vibrant colors and eclectic artwork on the walls.
In fact, my buddies' artwork is displayed in this joint.
Walk by the orange back wall and you'll see the 80's Kids artwork.
In this joint, there are books of all kinds and a large screen TV.
The staff is young and therefore, vibrant and hip!
I LOVE coffee shop vibes like this one.
Definitely an amazing place to hang out and do some work.
For my drink I got the 12 oz.
Non fat Hazelnut Latter for $4.
The Barista even created foam art for me!
It was a cute leaf on the top.
The drink was a little sweet but not overpowering.
I loved that the espresso used was a little bitter, really working with the hazelnut flavor.
Definitely a great cup to go along with my work.
All in all, it's a great place to visit!
I love the nerdy, yet sophisticated vibe you get from this place.
I'm really starting to dig this type of ambiance when work is needed to get done on the weekend.
When I'm in this part of town again, I will certainly keep this place in mind.
Come check them out!

Great place, people and coffee!
I love the stamp card (double stamp with foursquare check in & starburst) allows you to try new drinks and finding something else to love about this place!
So addicted.
If you follow them on fb, you'll see a post every Monday of which drink is 50% off that day!
Great way to try something a little more adventurous than just the usual.
FYI They no longer sell GROUCHY JOHN COOKIES.
The baker that used to make them moved away.

Definitely try the 'Butter Me Up' cold or hot!!!
I am craving one as I write.
Tomorrow I am making the trip to have one (or 2).
And they have a couple of books I have been meaning to read.
Tomorrow is going to be a relaxing day at Grouchy John's.
I wonder if they would notice if I moved in?

OK.
So, this is my VERY FIRST review from my VERY FIRST business that I looked up on YELP!
I am very pleased with the results!
Although this shop is a little out of the way from where I live, it surely lives up to the expectations that were illustrated on YELP.
First of all, I have children and it is impossible to find a place that accepts them that doesn't include large kid sized hamster tunnels with the smell of grease permeating everywhere that I breathe!
I am a stay at home momtrepreneur that relies on an internet connection and distractions for my kiddos.
When I walked in, I was happy to see 2 other moms with laptops and kids in tow sitting on the comfy couches that dot the lobby of this quiet yet creatively decorated coffee shop.
The theme of Star Wars all over the place drew my boy's attention and has so far given me enough time to write this review (why I am procrastinating on my work is partly due to the extreme interest my kiddos have to their surroundings and how easy it is for them to behave here, I am surprised) .
The staff was not only helpful but they didn't make me feel out of place.
I came in lugging kids and a laptop along with a backpack and no clue what I wanted.
They were patient and educational.
Thanks guys for the amazing opportunity to get work done, drink this fantastic drink, (that I wished I would have paid closer attention to when ordering so I could get it again) and thanks once again for not judging who I was when I walked in with my troops and just accepted my as a possible loyal customer... which in fact, I will be returning (partly due to the punch card that I can't wait to fill so I can get my free drink ;) !

I have just started to frequent grouchy john's and so far so good.
First I love the name and the coffee's that I have tried are great.
Skinny almond rocha mocha is yummy.
I will be going more often.... YUM

I have been coming here for well over a year and have never-I repeat- NEVER been given a bad drink.
There is nothing worse than going to a coffee shop and getting a slightly different version of your coffee based on who's working.
Just doesn't happen here.
The staff is unbelievably friendly and the environment is fun and relaxed.
They have the best tasting and most unique drink recipes in town.
Prepare to be addicted.

This coffee shop encourages you to hang out by watching a sports event on the tv, talk about the local artists on display, play one of their two dozen board games, chill with friends, or soak up their decent wifi.
Coffee choices are great, place is clean, and staff is super friendly.
One anecdotal story that made this my "go to" coffee spot, I made my order and promptly figured out I had lost my wallet prior to arriving.
Asked the staff to hold off making the drink until I checked my car first and they said the drink would be ready when I got back.
Confused, I pointed out if the wallet was not in my car I could not pay them.
The response, "Don't worry about it.
Hit is up on your next visit.
" Won't get that level of customer service at Starbucks.

This is my FAVORITE local coffee shop.
I try to schedule my meetings on that side of town to have coffee there.
Owner and staff are really friendly, their juice and smoothies are made fresh, their coffee is yummy and best of all its a LOCAL coffee shop that got it right.
Love Grouchy John's...

I have been back several times since my last review and have been inside and was very pleased with the atmosphere and service.
When I asked what cookie butter was since I saw that they use it in one of their drinks they gave me a sample!
Now that is going above and beyond!
The coffee is excellent!
Definitely will be back for more!

I've had Grouchys long long ago when it was just a little trailer, but haven't had it since.
I am not much of a coffee person, not because I don't like it, but many of them make me feel sick.
It's a crapshoot, I don't know why it happens.
I just gotta go for milder brews and hope nothing happens.
Thankfully Grouchys brews doesn't give me the ill effects and the flavor of the coffee is quality .
According to a friend their beans are from a local purveyor, but I gotta confirm who exactly.
You can go inside and hang, but there is also a drive thru.
Dont forget to check in for your extra stamps on your stamp card.
If you're bringing coffee somewhere, ask for a stopper that seals in the drinking hole of the lid.
I got a A.R.M.
(Almond Roca Mocha) Latte hot with almond milk and it was rather good.
It kinda reminds me of a biscotti in terms of flavor.
The BF got the salted caramel with half sweet.
It was good this way, you taste more of the coffee flavor with a tinge of flavoring than it being masked with sweet and flavoring.
Mine was full sweet and was good that way too, it wasn't overtly saccharine.
I suppose just depends on the mood if I'll order more or less sweetener.
If coffee isn't your thing, they serve smoothies and tea based drinks and pastries too that are probably just as quality.
I will try a non coffee drink one of these days, but it's just hard not to order coffee since I rarely get to drink it.
Its definitely one of the best coffee shops in town and wish there was one in our area.
This is one of those businesses that could be a local chain.
Until then, I guess anytime were even in the vicinity, we have to make sure we add in a detour for a drink here.

This is a fantastic coffee shop!
Every time I've gone someone comes around asking if I need a refill.
They really go out of their way to make sure you're happy.
For people with dietary restrictions they have some fantastic options for milk and they always have every kind of sugar you could want out on their bar.
They have great seating and the multiple couch options are great!

Best coffee shop in Vegas.
Perfectly delicious drinks every time.
Amazing customer Service.
Also a great place to check out local art and local food companies.
They are very big on supporting local business and community events.
They also offer both almond and soy milk as an option.

Best Coffee in town , Plus my puppy get a little treat with every visit!!
I just wish he would get on board with the coffee drinkers that need their fix BEFORE 7AM on the weekends..I had to go to Starbucks today at 6AM :-( --- please open at 6 am on the weekends so I no longer have to go to Starbucks and get ripped off and have to drink bad coffee... thank you

This place has such a relaxing atmosphere and the drinks are great!

Great location.
Cute, small and unique sitting area.
This place is a great hangout.
But when you need to get in/out quick they have a drive-thru also.
I love this adorable family friendly place.
I wish they had more locations.

What does Grouchy John's Coffee Shop and this review have in common?
There's a first for everything.
I couldn't be anymore pleased with the satisfaction this coffee shop delivers.
The atmosphere is aspiring, wealthy and relaxing.
Customer service is a first.
Many places who sell coffee like Starbucks bring a meaningless and boredom with many of there interior designs.
This coffee shop is unique with a themed Star Wars, board games,  shelf of books and clean bathroom.
I would recommend this place to anyone willing to try something new.

Great coffee shop.
They offer delicious drinks and pastries.
The girlfriend always tells me to always stop by to grab her a cookie butter me up.
Which is amazing.
If your tired of Starbucks and coffee bean, come swing by this place.
You won't regret it

This is the best coffee shop in all Las Vegas.
Unfortunately, its very far from everything, but their coffee drinks are so good that it's actually worth the journey once in a while.
Everything on the menu is amazing; you can't go wrong.

Items selected: Apple Fritter Pumpkin Cream Cheese Muffin Jedi - Coconut White Chocolate Latte  Moving on from Friendly Donut House with hopes of getting some work done prior to meeting a friend for breakfast at Layers a two hour stop at Las Vegas Weekly's "Best Coffee Shop" Grouchy John's would prove more than apt to the task in terms of style, service, and beverage even though baked goods severely lacked.
Friendly and efficient with a staff of baristas happy to engage the customer in banter about the myriad coffee concoctions or the day's events while satellite radio plays overhead and local art decorates the walls it was with some discussion that I eventually settled on "The Jedi," and although generally a double espresso or Americano sort I have to admit the flavor profile and mouthfeel were perfect while sweetness was not overdone, a sometimes-lost art that I appreciate for allowing the quality of the beans to show.
Moving next to the baked goods, the fritter room temperature while the muffin was lightly warmed, and having been told subsequently that neither item is made in house I will simply say 'good' as the former was flavorless and dry while the later possessed the texture of a wet sponge - a shame considering the vast number of quality local bakeries from which they could be sourcing instead.

Everyone here was super friendly and wanted to strike up a conversation (employees).
They clearly also support local businesses and have tons of ways to connect with them on social media!
My kind of coffee shop.
Now only if they had multiple locations, or at least one closer to the westside.... pretty please?

The options here seem endless and everything is great.
I'm not a coffee drinker, but they have so many hot beverages that aren't coffee,I have a hard time deciding.
Their staff is so friendly and helpful.

I get bored working from my office from time to time and find working out of a coffee shop is not only a good change of pace, but you tend to get a nice treat away from your standard cup of Yuban made from the 8 year old coffee maker that's been collecting dust in the office kitchen.
I have passed Grouchy John's just about every Mon-Fri on my way from the office to the gym and never really gave it thought till today and my Yelp check for a nearby place ran me here because of the reviews.
And now i too have become a fan.
I type this from one of the very comfortable couches that fills the interior and makes you feel very comfortable to chill out, work, or converse with friends over a good cup of Joe.
The interior is a little funky but friendly with a wall full of books, unique art, and a Star Wars toys wut!
The staff is uber friendly and welcoming when i entered.
I mentioned my usual order at CBTL and asked if they could do something similar which is just a coffee with chocolate powder and they did it here with syrup (no charge) and it was perfect.
I cant say that the coffee is anything any more spectacular than what i have had at other locations around town but i can say that i like the feel of the layout, the comfort of being able to sit and not be bothered to GTFO anytime soon, and of course the WiFi allows me to do my work my work.Service goes a long way with me, and friendliness never hurt anybody so i will certainly be spending my money here again when i want to venture out of my cave (office) and people watch while having a cup.
Note... they had a picture of a damn bowl of oatmeal i will have to check out next time in here for only a couple of bucks.
If it wasn't taco Tuesday and id feel id ruin my appetite i would have done that for sure cause i sure looked tasty.
Also i had a young lady sit next to me the entire time i was here and just came in for the free WiFi, never bought a thing.
Im sure your simply trying to be nice but i think a password or code for the WiFi would be a good idea so you dont have people doing this constantly.
I always make sure i have something while im in a business like this because they are providing me a service so the least i can do is spend my money for what their offering...its only fair.

A must try place!
Walking into here you're immediately greeted with some cool art and toys.
The layout of the place is perfect too!
At every couch or chair they have an outlet ready for you to use!
Just go order at the counter and pick a table.
And while you wait or drink your coffee they also have books and board games.
A major plus in my book.
I'd also like to note that this places thrives on customer service.
Every person that has taken my order has been more than helpful in choosing what I drink.
They always have a smile and if there was anything wrong with my drink the would change it for free!!
As for prep time the coffee always comes out quickly.
For the taste of the coffee, I've never had a bad tasting coffee here.
And if you were bored of a flavor here they always come up with new flavors!
Pro tip!
They have some fast and easy to use wifi!
I also like how this place always greets you as you come in and gives a goodbye when you leave.
If I could change anything about the though it would be their closing time!
8:00 is definitely a buzz-kill when I'm coming home from work :(

This place is great!
It's on the east side of town so it's a little far for me but worth the drive.
I got the A.R.M.
(almond roca mocha) last time I was there and it was delicious!
It was a little sweet but not overly sweet, just the perfect amount.
The atmosphere is cool.
They have a little nook in the corner that's filled with books.
I didn't get a chance to check it out but I will next time I am there.
There were plenty of little tables available for studying.
I came during finals week so it was busy but not too crowded.
I sat at one of the loungers and just relaxed for a while.
The chair I sat in was a cute little leather sofa.
From what I remember, it was a bit old with some tape on the arms but it was still super cozy!
Definitely no complaints on my part.
Also, make sure you check in on yelp and give them your punch card cause they'll give you an extra punch!
And a starburst candy :)

I love to support small local businesses that really do a great job with their product and service.
Grouchy John's is such a place!
I love their sugar-free vanilla late w/ almond milk, as well as all their yummy fresh pastries, not to mention the service is always great!
Keep up the good work Grouchy John : )

I drive by this place every day after dropping my daughter off at school, thought I would swing by.
You know what?
A REALLY GOOD CUP OF COFFEE!
It's refreshing to have a new go to place that does not involve mermaids and burnt coffee.
That, and supporting a local business is refreshing!

Great neighborhood coffee shop vibe, the coffee isn't the best I've ever had BUT the prices are reasonable, the staff is friendly, the art on the walls is cheery, there are ample outlets for plugging in your electronic devices, and the one time I came in shortly before closing to have a "quick" business meeting that ran a little longer than I expected, nobody started vacuuming around my chair or giving me the evil eye.
I enjoy coming here to get some work done on my laptop or meet up with some friends.
As for breakfast, the oatmeal is pretty much perfect the way they prepare it.
Be sure to check it out!

Love it here!
The atmosphere is pleasant, they have almond milk (a big plus over Starbucks), wi-fi and board games, and the coffee is tasty.
They also have a happy hour, which is pretty cool.

After exchanging rental cars at the airport, I decided to look for a place to sit and have a cup of coffee or tea.
Luckily I found this place- because that morning I had one of the best cheese bagels I have ever had.
Instead of coffee, I decided to forego the caffeine for a smoothie, and it was awesome!
You know it's a great experience when the intended 10-minute stop turned out to be an hour of respite with a book, bagel and smoothie.

Yelps 365 Review Challenge - Los Angeles #10 - #365  I love a good cup of Joe once in a while.
On my way to my hotel, "The Mirage," I decided to stop by Grouchy John's Coffee Shop since I was in the area and I heard a lot of good feedback from my fellow Yelp buddies.
So, I used the GPS on my cell and viola, it was only 7 minutes away from where I was.
Walking inside the Coffee Shop, there was a Grouchy John mobile with Vegas news anchors on the outside.
Grouchy John's is not like Starbucks or Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf.
It has that Mom and Pop feel (Non Commercialized), that I appreciate and wish we had more around the city.
The decor was very fun to look at and they offered games and have special events scheduled.
**Checking in on your Yelp = 2 Stamps on your Grouchy John Coffee Card**  I ordered the Chai Tea Latte and a large donut from JJ (Melon Head), he had excellent customer service and was willing to answer any questions since I was a first time customer.
What surprised me was, they had a drive thru around and I didn't know until I saw a drive thru window by the register.
Pretty neat in my opinion for a Mom and Pop Coffee Shop.
JJ also threw in 3 starbursts while I waited for my coffee, that was a first for me.
=)   Overall, my latte tasted excellent and the donut was delicious.
You can sit on the media bar and enjoy your coffee or whatever while looking at small parts of the Vegas strip.
Grouchy John has won me a return customer and I can't wait to come back and buy me a G.J.
Coffee Mug Collection.
LOL!

Great customer service!
Best coffee I've ever had!!!
I don't know why I didn't come sooner!
Bye Starbucks!

Great coffee, great staff and best of all you are never ever board inside.
I enjoy the ambiance as you can read, play games, be loud or be private.
Everything goes and its all good!

I'm currently sitting on a leather loveseat, my laptop perched on a medium round table, sipping a hot "Grouchy John" and eating a half of a breakfast sandwich on a bagel.
3 of my six roommates are sitting across the shop at a smaller table playing card games.
I just ran into two of my very good friends.
This is only my second time to Grouchy John's, and it already feels like somewhere I can spend a lot of my time.
When my friend and I walked in yesterday, we were greeted and asked if we'd been here before.
When we replied that we hadn't, we were given a run down of the menu, and all the different options that were available.
Yesterday I chose the almond roca frap, after reading so many good reviews from fellow yelpers  My friend chose the Earl Grey Creme tea with milk and honey and we split a breakfast sandwich of egg and bacon on a cheese bagel.
I was really impressed!
The frap was delicious, and the earl grey was amazing.
The sandwich was great too!
I decided yesterday that I wanted to come back and spend some time here, Post a review or two here on yelp, work on my food blog, etc.
When we walked in, we were greeted with a "Welcome Back" from the very kind man who helped us out so much.
The employees here are spectacular.
Yesterday I observed this man greet several guests by name, and ask about kids....you can tell that the employees really care about the people who frequent the shop.
Today, I tried a hot "Grouchy John" which is delicious  So sweet and tasty!
My roommates got The Yoda, which is a kale smoothie, with mango, pinapple, and a couple other things...its good, but not sweet enough for me.
My other roomies got The Shirley Temple of Doom, which is a green tea and cherry smoothie.
That one was really yummy.
:)    I'm really impressed by this place.
Its clean, open, inviting, and displays the work of a local artist, all of which is for sale.
The food and drinks are quality, and the employees are amazing.
This is definitely going to be a regular spot of mine.
I'm really glad I finally tried it out.

OMG My Fav New Place!!!!
Butter Me Up is my new fave!!!!
Cookie spread in my coffee???
YES Please!
Everyone is SO nice here too!!

The prices were good and the coffee was great

Only place in Vegas you can get Amazingly fresh Espresso beans...each and every time.

Easily my favorite coffee place in the valley.
Everyone working there is extremely friendly and makes you feel welcome, and all the coffee / food offerings are far better than what you'd get at a chain.
Stop by and support local.
The only thing that surprised me is that Grouchy John himself is not all that grouchy; rather, he's a splendid chap all around.
But I suppose you can't name a coffee shop "Splendid Chap John" and get results.

Legit coffee spot with great staff and a comfy cozy environment.
LOVED my A.R.M and the grouchy john

Love this place not only for their coffee but for the atmosphere.
It's like a quiet living room with lots of windows, board games, a coffee table and couches and plenty of tables to do business at.
We use it all the time to meet people for business.
Keep it local!

I love this place, best coffee house in town and they have almond milk!!
The Grouchy John Frappe with almond milk is the best.

I can't comment on the coffee I'm not a coffee drinker, but their chai tea was horrible.
It was by far the worst I've ever had.

My new favorite is the Almond Cookie tea.
It's decaf so able to drink at any time of the day and tastes incredible.
Of course, everyone working here is awesome as well and very hospitable.

I love their coffee and have stopped drinking Starbucks because of them (you'll realize how bad the bucks really is).
Drive thru is great and walking in, it looks like a cool place to plop your laptop if you have some stuff to take care of.
If you live close, it would be a shame not to at least try this place.
LOVE small businesses, they're the ones that get it right!

Love the atmosphere.
The place was buzzing with people.
Trying to find a seat in the early afternoon was tough but we managed to find a spot on the couch sipping java and having an intense conversation with a friend.

Finally found a small Coffee Joint that I love!!!!
Since moving To Vegas from California, it's been hard finding a coffee place that I like.
I drove past there and figured I should try it since it has a Convenient drive thru.
I Got the Grouchy John Ice coffee!!!
Delicious!!!
My New Go to when I want some coffee...and to top it off they are so friendly.

Best local coffee shop.
They are creative and fun and support other local businesses.
You fell welcome every time you step through the doors.

Absolutely A-1 coffee shop!
Very comfortable, inviting place with a very homey feel to it; to the right of the counter there's some pretty cool art displayed on the wall, as well as bookshelves packed with many books to choose from if you want some good reading to go along with your coffee.
The staff is fast, attentive, & as friendly as can be, & as far as the coffee?
Not too sweet, not too rich, but a perfect balance of the two!
Great selection, great prices, great staff, & just an overall awesome coffee shop!
The flavor of the coffee alone is enough to keep you coming back for more, & the welcoming feel of the shop overall is just an added bonus!
The only regret I have is that there isn't one a little closer to where we live, but it's honestly worth the minimal travel time.
If you haven't tried Grouchy John's it's definitely worth your while to check it out & pay this coffee shop a visit!

My favorite coffee shop by far.
They have unique flavor combinations, art, board games, books (take one home to read, bring it back, or just donate old books) and they treat you like family!
They offer almond and soy milk as well (which I appreciate, most coffee shops don't invest in almond milk).
They also hold interesting events such as Coffee and Canvas (painting class) and blood drives regularly.
They hold charity events as well.
It's great to know that by visiting Grouchy John's you're supporting a local business that gives back to their community!
Ever heard of a Dirty Chai?
Go and drink, now.

I was impressed until you forgot my breakfast sandwhich!!!
And you sold the last cheese bagel I ordered.

This is a very good find.
From the outside, I just was expecting some sort of generic feeling "we wish we were Starbucks" coffee shop.
Maybe that's because it's in a building that's hard to tell apart from a fast food restaurant.
But on the inside, grouchy johns has the feel of a neighborhood coffee shop:  books, games, comfy chairs, local artwork, all of it.
I was pleasantly surprised.
Service is very friendly, and most importantly, the coffee is good.
All this combined with it being on my way to work will keep me coming back quite frequently.

I'm what you would call a coffee snob.
I spent the years of high school, college, and the ones after in an authentic San Francisco coffee house that had been transplanted in Arizona.
Unique, high quality coffee and atmosphere are a must for me.
Grouchy John's has both.
The coffee is excellent and they reward their regulars with an 11th coffee free stamp card, double stamps for check ins at the location, and discounts if you bring your own cup.
The drive thru is quick and well staffed.
The inside has a huge collection of books, games, and art.
The only thing I would change is to make them stay open later.
If you enjoy excellent non-chain coffee and a tradition coffee house atmosphere this place is a must.

ALWAYS COME HERE!
Grouchy Johns is absolutely amazing!
From the outside you'd probably just pass by without thinking about it because it's pretty much a random boxy building in a random little strip mall.
Once you come inside though, you will immediately see why this place is so cool.
They have a bunch of bookshelfs with a community library thing going on, and a bunch of interesting artwork on the walls.
Oh yeah, board games too!
But even if you're not into that you can just hop on the good free wifi :) More importantly they have the best staff you could imagine.
Super friendly, and more important super caring.
I've watched them offer to remake drinks every single time someone expresses even the slighest dissatisfaction, and they go out of their way to find out if you are satisfied.
On top of all that they have "happy hour" with half priced drinks both in the morning and the evening.
They actually charged me $1.26 for a Sweet Arnie 20oz out the door.
Un-fucking-believable!!!!
They have a stamp card system too, where every 10 drinks gets you a free one (and there are opportunities for double stamping).
End of the day it all comes together at this place: tasty beverages and food served by awesome people in a very chill environment.
COME HERE ALREADY!

I will not buy my coffee drinks anywhere else in Las Vegas.
Customer service and drinks are epic.
A glorious melange of books and games.
Brilliant art work as well.
I'm addicted

This place is a must when visiting the SE part of town.
It's a homey and hip coffee shop where you don't feel out of your element.
The staff is super friendly and you definitely get a big bang for your buck, especially if you take advantage of the stamp card yelp check in special.
The OG is the best!
Iced and as big as you can get it.

This place is FANTASTIC!
I went here and ordered a green tea smoothie type drink - it was amazing.
The staff was very welcoming and personable.
They had a great assortment of treats.
The staff was very knowledgeable on their drinks and I enjoyed chatting with them.
They brought my drink right out to me while I enjoyed some sunshine on their patio.
They had a really awesome group of eclectic people there - a study group, friends chatting, people playing board games.
I will definitely be returning!

Love the Honey Latte....delivered with good, fast service.
Cool vibe inside...  Only thing I don't get is the starburst candy they give with the coffee....
It must have something to do with the whole Star Wars decor...

This place is great, and the service is friendly.
Try the Jedi coffee drink, it's one of my favorites.

Ya know whats weird, I'm not even a big coffee drinker and I swear by this place.
Their facebook posts crack me up.
The cleanliness is astonishing and when I go there I feel like I'm at home.
Its cozy and welcoming and the staff is so pleasant.
I love the hot apple cider and every coffee drink I've had is tasty.
Well done all around.

I've been here a few times and it never disappoints I just wish they had one closer to my house.
The employees are always so helpful and explain the drinks in detail I love the customer service, they always make me feel so welcomed.
This is the best coffee I've had in Vegas.

LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, THIS PLACE!!!
We have been going here since they opened and we have never had a bad cup of coffee.
I love the atmosphere, service and of course all of the choices of coffee and smoothies.
Best coffee shop I have ever been to.

Rare are the moments in life when I can walk into an establishment and just feel like "yeah, this place gets me.
"  Oh Grouchy John's, I couldn't have created a better shop myself.
A pearl in the desert, this shop offers a place where people who are both athletic and nerdy (an odd combination, I know) can feel at home.
The menu boasts different healthy juices, smoothies, and coffees for those looking to get their java buzz on.
The walls are covered with paintings of Daleks, Storm Troopers, and other Sci-Fi stuff that I'm pretty sure is created by local artists.
I always order the Yoda because STAR WARS and also because this chilly, green blend manages to make kale delicious.
How do they do it?
I think the secret ingredient is The Force.
Yes.
That must be it.

The service was friendly.
Three stars because I think it was a bit overpriced.
I know getting your drink modified using soy milk and adding a pump or two may add 30-50 cents extra (though when I worked for a coffee shop I didn't charge for an extra few pumps), but for the size and I believe because it's not a chain like Starbucks or Coffee Bean, I would think they would want to compete with their prices.
They give you starbursts!
And offer a punch card though!

Wish I could take Grouchy John's back to Vancouver with me!
We went because of all the great Yelp reviews and were not disappointed.
Loved the staff and coffee.
I actually work for Starbucks but really am not a fan of the iced coffee, so I like to try out new places if we travel.
Next time we're in Vegas I will be back to redeem my punch card!
:)   Thanks for the caffeine high, guys.

I like the vibe of this place and the staff is friendly.
Only thing is, I love strong hot coffee.
I admit I am an addict.
I hit Grouchy Johns and I asked for the boldest roast they have.
I was told the French roast is really strong.
I love French roast coffee and ordered a large to go.
I get in my car only to discover the coffee was really weak and barely warm.
When I got back to the office I had to zap it in the microwave.
Too bad, I wanted to like the coffee here, its right next to my office.
I just keep going to Starbucks.

Not to shabby!
Had a hot Latte with sugar free almond rocha syrup and a banana nut muffin.
The one thing I love is the large selection of sugar free flavoring to choose from.
Really laid back, comforting vibe with friendly staff and comfy seating.

After looking for a nice, quaint little coffee shop to hang out and reading the great reviews, I decided to give this place a try.
I am proud to say I am now an owner of their loyalty punch card program because I have become a loyal customer.
The place has great coffee, but equally as important, they have owners that appreciate their customers.
I love supporting small, local business and this place is worthy of its praise!

My favorite coffee shop in Vegas!
Not only is the coffee delicious, their customer service is awesome!
The workers at Grouchy John's are always cheerful and friendly no matter what time of the day it is.
My favorite thing about Grouchy John's is that on Mondays they have a half-priced drink and it's different every Monday.
They always have random happy hours or certain types of drinks.
A must-go-to coffee shop!

Grouchy John's is so much nicer than the name!
It has a great vibe with all the graffiti art, book and games around.
I could spend hours in there and not even realize it.
The coffee and snacks are always fresh and tasty.
One of my favorite hang out spots.
My wife and I also just went to one of their Caffeine and Canvas nights and had a blast.
We are not artistic by any means and our work came out looking like we were pros.
We are so excited for their next piece!
Grouchy John's is another reason why we can never leave Henderson.

My granddaughter and I stop by almost every day after school for a smoothie.
We love this place!
There is nothing grouchy about it, everybody is SO nice and the Carmel Frappe?
Yummy!
Wish there was a location closer to my house on the West side of town, hint, hint:)

Love this place.
Love when I go here and they bring your food and drinks out to you!
Nobody does that at a coffee shop.
And although the guy didn't remember my order.
He made a real effort to try to remember and that's something I like.
I'd recommend you check them out!

Great place to enjoy a cup of java.
The owner was so friendly and answered all my questions about the roasting process and where their coffee beans come from.
Highly recommend this coffee joint

Cool space, but weak coffee & bland pastries.
I got a brownie & a soy latte.
The brownie was dry & tasted like cardboard.
The coffee in the latte was flavorless.
All that being said, this place is better than the Starbucks down the street.
If I was in the area, I'd go here again and maybe ask for some stronger roast (& skip the pastry).

Fave coffee place at all times hands down.
Love the caramel frappe in a 12oz - perfection each time.
Double stamps during their happy hour?
But JJ, the manager I believe, gave me double when it was about closing time - but it's not even about that haha  Perfection in every way - dranks, people, place.
A+ in my book and no need to look any further.

My favorite coffee shop in Las Vegas.
Delicious drinks, amazing service and the atmosphere is great!
I don't go anywhere else.

First of all let me put the disclaimer that I am rating this establishment a solid four stars because I have only been here once.
But, I am a huge fan!
Today was my first time coming here and went inside, instead of the drive through.
What a cute little coffee shop!
There are numerous books/games to play all around this little shop.
There is interesting art work adorning the walls.
Oh, and I love the names of some of the drinks.
Saw one that was called the Honey Boo Boo!
Service was top notch, very friendly, and so quick!
Prices are on par with Starbucks I feel, but don't quote me on that because I hardly go.
I wish this shop was closer because I would frequent it quite often.
I love the little mom and pop type businesses so this place gets two thumbs up from me.
I will update my review when I make it back over here and try the drive thru.

I LOVE this place!
Sorry Starbucks - this place is way better and better for you in my opinion!
Amazing service, atmosphere (if you care to spend some down time here) and products - so delish!

I've always loved this place and I'm trying to make an effort to go out of my way more to go here because it is leaps and bounds better than any chain coffee shop around.
The service is always excellent and the employees seem genuinely happy to be there.
Thank you to the car in front of me at the drive through this morning who paid for my wonderful Iced Soy Salted Caramel Latte!

Great vibe, free wifi, good coffee and outstanding customer service.
I'll be back next time I'm in town.

My mom's car battery died this morning, so I had to truck all the way from my casa on the West side to depths of Hender-tucky.
Luckily for me, my mom said she'd treat me to coffee.
Destination: Grouchy John's.
I've had this place bookmarked on Yelp for far too long.
I felt like a kid on my way to the candy store driving to GJ's.
I walked in, was greeted with several hellos and a sea of MacBooks.
There's a bookshelf with books, magazines, and board games.
The walls were decorated with local art (which is available for purchase).
There's also ample seating and free wi-fi; what more do you need in a coffee shop?
Stating that this was my maiden voyage to the shop, I got the full run down on their coffees, teas, sandwiches, wraps, snacks and treats.
She also said that ANY time you check-in on social media, you get double stamps (10 stamps, free drink).
I decided to get a GJ special called the Honey Boo Boo - a combination of honey and vanilla.
My card was swiped, the register screen swiveled towards me, there was an option to leave a tip (THANK YOU, I was sans cash), and was handed my receipt, a GJ stamp card, and pink Starburst.
I've never thought of honey and coffee being friends (I was a barista for 5 years during college).
This combination was amazing.
Perfectly balanced, sweet, and a totally new coffee experience and taste!
My latte also arrived with the quickness and I was on my way back to the West side.
Well done, Grouchy John's.
I don't understand why you're a grumpy gills when you're serving out pure bliss!
Can't wait to go back!

I am super glad my guy found this place for me.
It's comfy and yummy.
And, the staff is really thoughtful/friendly.
See my 'tip' for this fun coffee shop.
;-)

I had high hopes for this establishment, especially since there were so many good reviews on yelp.
So here goes my review:  Food: didn't get to try the food.
When it comes to coffee shops, I strictly stick with coffee.
On this particular day it was pretty warm out so I wanted a cold drink.
I was super excited that this place offered almond milk so of course I had to go with it.
Their menu is short and to the point.
I ended up ordering a flavored latte with almond milk.
Unfortunately my drink ended up being so sweet I couldn't even drink half of it.
The taste of the coffee didn't really compliment it either.
Wasn't too impressed with the drink in the end.
Ambiance: LOVED the decor of this place.
There's so much lounge seating, cool and modern art, and even books and games to entertain yourself with!
Also, there's a television but it was turned off when we were there.
I'm really digging the Star Wars vibe going on here.
Service: service was alright, nothing really memorable.
The guy at the register neither ignored us or helped us.
Since it was our first visit there he could've been more attentive.
Tips: My rating went mostly towards the shop itself.
It seems like a cool place to hang out and chill with friends.
I'm not a big fan of their drinks and I think I'd rather go elsewhere to enjoy a cup of coffee.

Nom nom nom!!
The salted caramel is delicious as well as everything else we've tried there.
Most definitely better than chain coffee shops, so much in fact if its not from GJ I wont buy it.
Oh yeah, and Vanessa makes the best drinks, hands down!!

Friendly atmosphere, down-to-earth vibes, and great coffee.
This is my regular go-to shop for caffeine and comfort :)

I've been all over the world deployed in US Navy and have had Coffee in at least 12 countries, and none hold a flame to Grouchy John's!
My wife and I seriously love this place!
Come ready to explore the menu!

Super cute coffee shop in a small plaza.
Free wifi.
A good number of single tables that you can work at inside and some tables outside under a shade too.
Single, large and really clean bathrooms.
They have a variety of flavored lattes you can choose from (albino monkey, honey boo boo, almond roca, white chocolate amaretto, and more).
They also have soy milk AND almond milk!
I got an iced Nutella latte with almond milk, SO GOOD.
But sweet, so beware!

Okay this coffee shop is the best in the world their coffee is so amazing I can get chocolate with coconut in it which is so good.

I've tried their almond roca drink with almond milk and most recently the butter me up with nonfat milk.
Usually I drink my coffee with nothing added- the mixed drinks are when I want to indulge a little.
While the drinks were tasty and I'm a cookie butter lover this place just doesn't excite me the way it seems to for others, but still a nice place.

It's rare to find a place I can just kill time at, besides the house.
I find myself just wanting to go in to the shop to say hi to Jj, Gj and the crew.
The atmosphere is welcoming and relaxed, with a bit of eccentricity - makes you feel right at home.
I've frequented this place since it opened and it's just gotten better.
I have yet to join in on the Coffee&Canvas event, though I am planning on it.
Besides the environment, the coffee is great.
I like to savor my espresso shots and half the time I take my coffee black, and iced.
What I'm saying is I really like what these guys chose to brew.
I can drink anything - to get my caffeine fix, but GJCS is my favorite.
Last but not least, the doggie water bowl on the patio is a sweet touch.
When I dog shit for the roomie I like to bring her yorkie through the drive lane.

The owner and manager are very personable, the staff friendly a great place, Good coffee great taste better than star????
For the money service it's great to get a cup and walk the dog in the park across the street at the park great times

I routinely drive out of my way to stop at GJ's before work.
My neighborhood is filled with Starbucks' as far as the eye can see, so this place is definitely worth a little bit of a trek.
Every Monday, they feature a different specialty latte for half off regular price.
It is a great way to try drinks that you may not be brave enough to order otherwise.
One suggestion though-- offer a dairy free option for the Drink of the Day or at least don't penalize people who cannot have dairy.
I ordered two Jedis today, both with soy, one without white chocolate due to a dairy allergy, and was told that there were no substitutions and the second drink would be full price.
I said, "okay," because I was embarrassed and didn't want to make a fuss, but I left feeling like I had been scolded.
I didn't want anything extra, so why the need to make me feel like an inconvenience?
It was a minor issue but still makes me not want to go back during the morning shift anytime soon.

The coffee here is top notch and the people that work here are exceptional!!
Friendly and personal staff and JJ the owner is a pretty cool dude!
Try the Grouchy John Frappe-tasty!

OMG THIS COFFEE PLACE IS MY FAVORITE LOCAL COFFEE SHOP.
I am a regular customer.
I go here like every other week.
Unlike other coffee shops, this place plays AWESOME music, have FRIENDLY workers, they give out stamp cards with STAR BURSTS, and have AMAZING art hung around their walls.
Drinks: I usually get a regular coffee and shirley temple.
The shirley temple is TO DIE FOR.
It is a cherry and green tea frappucino.
Sounds kinda weird right?
IT IS SO GOOD.
I've never had anything so yummy before.
This place is great for studying, catching up with old friends, and/or going on a coffee date with someone special.
I really love how the workers are always smiling and trying to make you feel at home.
I literally stay there for hours.

Totally dig this place!
Lots of Star Wars stuff all over the place and even some of the coffees are named after Star Wars references!
My favorite coffee shop so far!
I had the iced Jedi and my boyfriend had the iced Dora..
Both were delicious.. Everyone was friendly.. And all of our questions were answered without hesitation on any of the drinks.. there's a lot to choose from so you'll have a reason to come back!

I received this reply from one of the owner's this afternoon and was pleased and impressed.
"My name is JJ, and I am one of the co-owners at Grouchy John's Coffee Shop.
I want to thank you for sharing your experience at our shop, and I'd like to make it up to you, since it's clear what happened wasn't up to our normal standards.
On your next visit to our shop or trailer, please ask if I or my partner John are there, and we'd be happy to make you & a guest a FREE DRINK of your choice.
And, again, thank you for sharing your experience with us so that we can prevent such a mistake from happening again.
Stay caffeinated!

Love this place!!
They have a good selection of flavored lattes.
I haven't tried their hot coffee, but their iced coffee is delish!
The employees are almost always super nice and welcoming and they have a stamp card!
This is amaze!
If you check in, they'll give you 2 stamps (for each drink you purchase!!!!
) Seriously.. you could earn a free drink in less than a week!
This is my go to coffee house!

LOVE Grouchy John's.
I wish it was closer to home!
Their OG is my go to drink.
I had never been inside until recently, always drove through the drive through.
GO INSIDE!
Their shop is really cute, and you can see all the food they offer.
The staff is also very friendly.
I started following them on FB and it is pretty cool how involved the whole store is with the community.

Not bad for coffee, not bad at all.
Had to get two cups, first was a little stale, second much better.

The BEST quality drinks PERIOD.
I do not make a trip to Vegas without a visit to my new favorite coffee shop!
It made me realize how bitter and horrible Starf****s really is!
Also, the shop is a really comfortable place to camp out for awhile.
The FASTEST free Internet anywhere, good tunes, and cool local art displayed on walls.
Board games, books, free Starburst for kids, dog water bowls outside....
This place does not miss a beat!
I'm so happy I found this little oasis of quality and culture in this often soulless desert town.

