Dishonest people.
I called my insurance and was told that my my total co-pay would be 10 dollars.
Kopolow and Girishen employees made me sign all this info including phone social security number etc and in the small print you are authorizing them to go for an optomap with or without macuscope (both totally unnecessary ) for the price of 64 dollars on top of the copay.
I called my insurance and they told me to get out of there asap , that i was being taken for a ride.
I can get that optomap for FREE elsewhere, so i canceled straightaway.
After i cancelled, the woman, rude and with an attitude, was going to copy my personal data and signatures authorizing the expense of something that never took place..
I had to intervene and get my forms out of the machine at the last minute.
It was awful!
Stay away, this people will take your money and details.
I am writing his so that other people will not spend their hard earned cash with these unscrupulous people

Excellent, fast service.
They were very busy due to people, like myself, using their insurance coverage before their benefits expired for the year.
My doctor was excellent, although I failed to remember her name.
This was Lenscrafters at the Boulevard Mall.
I will definitely be back.

I was very, very impressed with staff and Dr. Capulong.
They have online paperwork, so when I arrived for my appointment I only had to sign a couple of pieces of paper.
I waited about 10 minutes and after that my appointment moved along at a good pace.
I was in and out within an hour.
Staff was very pleasant and I was so, so impressed with the doctor.
I've had an issue with wearing contact lenses recently and had seen an ophthalmologist, because the last two optometrists I went to just shrugged off my discomfort.
Well, the ophthalmologist I saw in March has changed offices, my eye seemed to be better, so I thought it would take a chance on seeing a new optometrist.
Unlike the other optometrists I had seen, Dr. Capulong was extremely knowledgeable about my condition.
She was also very thorough with the exam, and thoroughly explained everything I needed to know.
Very friendly, and a very easy-going manner.
I so appreciate not seeing somebody who just grunts at me and goes about their business.
I would recommend this doctor and this location to anyone.

