Cousins does have good subs.
They market as better bread.
I am a fan of good bread and simple subs.
They just opened this location.
The staff was a bit new, the roast beef sandwich was good, a little too much salt, but a good sandwich.
The cashier couldn't figure out how to ring up the #6, but I'm sure they will overcome.
The location is hidden in the Safelite Auto Glass complex.

I have a long term relationship with other Cousin's establishments, like over a decade of mostly good times, and each store is a little different.
For example, this store serves french fries, and they are pretty good.
I think this location's mantra is: It's better to ask forgiveness than to ask permission.
I've been here a handful of times, and each time I've had an issue arise.
My first visit occurred within 15 minutes of closing.
The staff told me they had run out of bread.
I countered by asking them if they were just saying that because they had just cleaned up and didn't want to have to clean again.
I walked out with only my dashed expectations to satiate me.
On my second visit, I was picking up an order I called in (learned my lesson from the first visit).
But when I passed around my Philly Cheese-steak to the family after getting home, the general consensus was that the meat tasted funny.
One call to the manager (owner) and he remedied the situation, surpassing my wildest expectations.
My third visit was reminiscent of the first, as they were out of wheat bread.
That is soooo annoying.
On my fourth visit, I was picking up an order I placed online.
Imagine my surprise when the staff told me they didn't get that order, pointing to a lonely printer behind the counter sans any printed orders.
I half expected that, but I took the opportunity to besmirch their online ordering process.
Before I walked out, I decided to check the bag to verify the contents, and wouldn't you know, it was missing the cookies.
Now I know what you're thinking... that SOB forgot to bag your dessert... let's kick his ass.
Sarcasm noted.
Its not that I was really peeved, but it is indicative of their attention to detail.
On the drive home, I tore into my sandwich and received another bout of disappointment as my Italian bread was either old or stale.
The owner seems to be a great guy, but he needs to start paying attention and 'get his house in order'.
Contrasting my recent experiences at this location to Steve's Crazy Subs in Gilbert, will have the latter receiving my sandwich business for the foreseeable future.
Steve's track record gets it right the first time.

my first time at cousins subs - i was looking for a change from subways and this place really delivered on that for me.
the two employees were great to talk to while they were preparing my sandwiches and even asked for my name as i was leaving (a nice touch).
i will definitely be back again!

I've had cousins subs before when I was younger and for some odd reason I was craving for it the day after New Years!
They were a tad slow that night and decided to close a little early, and I came just as they were closing, but still let me order.
They were awesome!
Had a club sub with fries (I love their fries) and a drink, didn't take too long, food was great!
Customer service was even better!

good subs.
fresh, quality ingredients.
i choose cousins over subway anyday.
take the challenge yourself!
and did i mention they have cheese curds?!?
yummmmmy!!
also tried the italian sub and they didnt skimp out at all, big sammich with lots of meat and im a big eater.
3 tries, 3 likes.

I love good sandwiches and Cousins has a Seafood Sandwich that totally ROCKS.
A couple of times they have been out of the bread I like best, and a couple of times they didn't put much meat on the sandwich.
It really depends 'who' is making your sandwich here, because their two different evening crews give you totally different experiences.
I will say that the one crew who 'gets it right' with the more 'generous' amount of fillings makes a TERRIFIC sub and I can't wait to get back and order again.
The other crew is 'hit or miss' and sometimes, like tonight, there isn't a lot of meat on the subs.
However, I'm still a fan, and their chips and tea are both excellent.
Try the seafood, you'll like it.

Got philly steak sandwich, it tasted good.
Bread was alright .
Nothing great about the sandwich.
But, wow the portion size is really small.
I left the place really hungry.
It's less than subway 6".
Not coming back!
If sandwich was bigger and filling, I would give it 4/5 star.
Not to mention Tea ran out and had to use lemonade for refill, that I hated all night!

