I've stayed in six different LaQuinta locations now.
This is by far my favourite.
Is it an adobe-style design inside the rooms?
I love it.
The rooms are huge and the king-size beds are amazing to sleep in.
Better than any of that, the staff is super friendly and incredibly helpful.
I've stayed in four-star hotels in Toronto and my two nights at LQ in Madison surpassed my stays there.

My extended family has been coming here for 5 or 6 years for our annual Family Christmas celebration.
We are a big, loud, rambunctious lot.
Each year we rent out a ton of rooms and reserve the conference room for our festivities and over-abundance of food.
The rooms are spacious and comfortable.
The beds and pillows are clean and soft.
The conference room is large and perfect for our use.
The staff is super friendly and incredibly accommodating.
In particular, Mary at the front desk is a joy.
She is always super helpful (manning the camera for our family photo in the lobby) and on the ball, as well as anticipating our needs (bringing recycling bins for us to use, showing up with a giant bowl full of ice).
Staying here has always been a pleasant experience!

The staff is friendly, welcoming overall have stayed here a few times clean comfortable has all the necessities needed to be away from home, beds comfortable.
Room is spacious     Breakfast is average but free.

This is my favorite hotel in Madison.
If you like private, safe, and quiet- this is the hotel for you.
Just on the edge of the Madison metro area, yet close to the main highways.
In a business park- so completely safe- yet 15 min from the downtown.
Restaurants are close by.
The hotel is clean and I love the décor.
Have only one complaint with the hotel and this is a big Madison issue.
They are pet friendly and I am not!
- I am allergic to animals and hate to hear barking at night or in the am.
If they excluded animals I would have given them 5 stars!

Very nice La Quinta Hotel- checked in late and was accommodated by a friendly staff.
Room was big and spacious and did not look dilapidated-   Been staying in La Quinta as I make my way across country due to pets- & this very pet friendly hotel is a blessing.
No complaints on my end- I even forgot an IPad there and they held it for me - which is a rarity..
In NYC that would have been gone.
Highly Recommend.

