What a cool neighborhood burger joint!
I don't know why anyone who lives anywhere near here would ever go to a fast food chain.
The food at Shortys is so good and the prices are perfect (you can get very full for under six bucks!).
On top of that they are owned and operated by some of the friendliest people you'll ever meet from right in the neighborhood.
Last of all is the atmosphere, you know you're in an all-American hot rod hang out before you even walk in the door because there is always a beautiful car parked outside.
Chevrolets, Roadsters, Wagons, you name it and you'll have a chance to see it on any given day at Shotys Sliders & Steak Burgers.

The family tried Shorty's today for lunch.
There are some pros and cons.
The Pros.
The place is really clean and cutely decorated situated in a old Whataburger building.
The place is decorated with a hot rod theme.
They even have a hot rod parked on the front lawn.
The lady behind the counter was pleasant and helpful when answering questions.
All of the food is cooked to order.
Everything was hot and fresh.
My husband said his single burger with cheese was good and he would definately order the double next time.
My onion rings had great flavor but some were crispy and others not so much.
My child ate all of his single slider so I would say it's a thumbs up there.
The food came out quickly.
The Cons.
We found it a little on the pricey side.
The single steakburger was $3.09 plus the $.50 for cheese.
I was kinda of irritated that after paying $2.49 for a small basket of onion rings I had to pay another $.50 if I wanted ranch to dip them in.
They only come with ketchup.
3.They charge $.50 if you want a refill on your drinks.
Drink station is behind the counter.
Restrooms are outside.
(that is no fault of theirs though so no stars deducted.
) 5.
No combo meals.
If my husband wanted fries with his burger it would have been another $1.89.
With the addition of a drink (medium $1.79) it would have made $7.17 for a single combo without tax.
We liked Shorty's and will more than likely make another go of it.
On a Saturday about 11:30 they had a steady stream of mostly to go orders.
Drive thru is a great convenience too.
We hope Shorty's survives in this economy, a great local run business, but they might want to change a few things to make it a little more economical.

I've never reviewed a restaurant before, much less a fast food restaurant, but I really want to see this place survive!
I was positive this empty building was going to turn into another taco shop and when we drove by it yesterday and saw "Sliders" I quickly turned in and placed an order through the drive thru.
Here's what we had: 1 stuffed tots, 1 sweet potato fries, 4 chicken sliders and 2 single sliders with cheese.
Total was $14.01.
We watched (who we assume are the owners) make our food.
It smelt amazing on the way home and made it there without turning to mush like some fast food joints.
When we finally ate it, it was delish!
Nothing too fancy, but very fresh.
The buns were grilled a little bit, which gave it that extra down home taste.
A few of my favorite things about this little place: 1.
Small, simple menu with options different from just burgers and fries (chili dog, sloppy joe fries, fried mushrooms).
At the drive-thru window they had dog treats.
I just so happened to have my new puppy with me, so that worked out fabulously!
Definitely grab your pup before running up to this place for a slider.
Really nice lady took our order 4.
Last but not least, good food that didn't make me feel like I was going to have a heart attack in my sleep   Good luck Shorty's, I'll be back again soon!

I've passed by this place and really wanted to try it.
I finally stopped in and was very disappointed with my experience.
The food was portion was tiny and the price was ridiculous.
I'm a big advocate of getting what you pay for however for the 20 bucks we spent it, was just an appetizer.
The steak burger was tiny and it cost extra for every little topping.
It Ended up being a 6 dollar McDonalds mcdouble.
Very disappointed.
The Mac and cheese bites were very disappointing  for the price as well.
We ordered fried mushrooms and never received them due to human error when taking the order which is understandable.
People do make mistakes  however since we were so disappointed with everything else we felt it wasn't worth our money to try them.
Overall not a place I will be coming back to.

The lady at the counter was rude.
Food portions are snack size.
Hot rod theme that is a lame attempt at being cool.
Nothing to brag about , which stinks because I like supporting independent food joints.
This has been a disappointment 3 times in a row, you're out !

I came here for lunch the other day based on my sister's recommendation.
The other reviews were pretty mixed, but my sis is pretty much a burger connoisseur and she's never steered me wrong, so I figured I'd give it a shot.
I just got a couple of sliders and a side of cheese and jalapeño stuffed tater tots.
The burgers were delicious and came with grilled onions, ketchup, mustard, and pickles on a soft, toasty warm bun.
The tots were pretty good, but not exactly phenomenal.
Next time I'll probably try the fried pickle spears, which also come highly recommended by my sister.
It seems like the place has made a few changes since some of the other reviews have been written.
For instance, they have combo meals now and the prices all seemed pretty reasonable to me.
I love that they cook all the food fresh, and boy are those burgers tasty!
The sides are all greasy fried morsels (fries, onion rings, fried pickle spears, fried mushrooms, cheese stuffed tots, etc), but the serving sizes are a bit on the skimpy side.
If you live in the area, I would definitely recommend giving this place a try.

I stopped in for lunch one day after having driven by it several times.
Seems like a Mom and Pop joint which is good as I always like to support the little guy.
The burgers were really nothing special.
Certainly nothing that would make me hop in the car and make a special trip for.
I've had better stuff on the backyard bbq grill.
As others have stated it seems like they nickle and dime you for everything.
I was really hoping this place was something I could get behind but I just cant.
To sum it up this is a very very average joint.

This used to be a must visit for me, but ever since the new management things have turned for the worse.
The staff is slow, has an attitude, the food is nothing like it used to be.

If you're tired or chain fast-food and want to try something different, Shorty's is definitely worth a trip.
The food is better-than-average and there's a good selection.
I will probably give them at least one more try.
On the downside, they are pretty pricey for burger faire.
Also, my order took and unreasonably long time to make, but it was about an hour until closing so I can't blame them too much for it...the food was good though.
I'll be back soon and see if they can earn another star because I think they deserve a shot.
Give em a try if you want a good old school greasebomb for dinner.

I have been there 2 times when they first opened, the first time the food was ok, but I agree with the others they try to Nicole and dime you, and the lady is kind of rude like they don't really care here is your food eat it and get out, really expensive,  I drive by there everyday and its empty, I guess we know what's to come.
sad but true...

This place is better than average especially for the price.
Other reviews say its high.
For burgers yes, steakburgers no.
Sliders are good for a buck.
Service is a little slower but they don't cook it until you order so its worth the wait which you can tell if you go through drive through.
The employees are very courteous.
They do have combos, other reviewers are apparantely just blind.
Yes they do charge for ranch but then again 80 percent of places nowadays do so nothing new.
I am typically not a fan of beer battered fries but theirs are very good so I will definitely be back again again.

