McDonald's currently under construction.
Hopefully they retain the staff after it is complete.
Fairly friendly and typical service.
This was the only McDonald's I knew that served burgers all day.

Stay away at all costs.
The last couple of trips thru the drive thru, everytume the order has been wrong.
Of course you dont find this out till you get home.
Diet Coke given instead of regular coke(which was ordered) and they are very stingy with the fries.
Always 1/2 filled.
Drive up to Burger King right up the street.

I always enjoyed this place prior to its remodel.
The staff was always nice,Now I must say its the worst McDonald's EVER!
They never seen to get my order right, food is always cold and never fresh.
For all who want to complain I finally was able to get a correct phone number.
(602-404-9785) Spoke to the so called manager Mariciela, while I was explaining the situation she was not even paying attention just giggling while I was speaking.
Didn't seem to even care.
NEVER AGAIN WILL I GO HERE FOR ANYTHING, EVEN IF ITS FREE.
Just wish I could give a negative stars.

Worst McDonald's ever.
It's not the fact that they can never seem to get my order right, but trying to get it corrected is more hassle than its worth.
Food is usually cold anyway.
But it's  their management that's the worst.
They treat you like the idiot, when it's their fault to begin with.
If you call the posted customer service number, don't bother it's a recording and still have not received a callback.
Avoid at all costs.

This has to be the worst McDonalds I've been to in 20 years... and I've eaten at many bad Micky D's.
Food is always cold and old.
Orders are correct about 50% of the time.
Employees are always rude.
Such a shame.
I've just moved to the neighborhood and unfortunately this is "my McDonalds".
But it's not completely hopeless.
My previous McDonalds in Fort Lauderdale was a poorly managed franchise too.
A couple of complaints to corporate headquarters fixed that place in a jiffy!
Don't bother calling the franchise, look for the corporate complaint number on your bag and call.
Franchisees HATE when you call corporate headquarters and they will be forced to improve or risk losing their franchise.

1 1/2 stars?
I don't think it was that bad.
Food was served hot, the bun was not a hockey puck and it did not take a long time to come out.
Are expectations for fast food increasing that much?

I usually don't take the time to review fast food restaurants this one deserve it customer service is awful the food is awful the drinks as well are awful how can you mess with a drink I don't know ask them.
They are always busy but yet Lack customer service I don't think I've ever gone to McDonalds that is as horrible as this one enough said will not return

Standard McDonalds.
Clean, friendly staff.
Quick drive through service.
Yummy smoothies & hot fudge sundaes

awful, bugs, flies everywhere.
DIRTY.
You will get bug bites, food not cooked, and  workers and management are rude.

Horrible.
Worst McDonald's ever.
I don't understand how the "machines" can always be broken.
I stop for a hot chocolate, but no the machine is broken.
I stop for a smoothie, but no the machine is broken.
I stop for a cookie, but no the machine is broken.
I stop for a sundae, but no the machine is broken.
I wonder if the machines are really always broken or if these people are just idiots.
Officially done with this place.

