If I could give no stars for this place I would.
A childs first visit to the dentist should be a somewhat comforting pleasant one.
The only thing my 3yr old grandson remembers is the dentist putting his hand over my grandsons mouth to cover his crying.
When a child is scared to death and crying you dont cover his mouth.
This place just gave me a bad vibe.
He definitely will not be back and will not be recommending this place.

I just left the second visit for my 3 children, ages 2,3,&5.
The first time was great.
We had three successful cleanings and exams.
My then one year old daughter bit the hygienist and the lady went on without a problem.
They also allowed us to do all 3 cleanings back to back.
This time the kids were excited to go back in.
They get to watch a movie on the ceiling during the exam.
They are very kid friendly and don't mind screaming.
We had a great 2nd visit and will be going back.

This office deserves no stars at all.
I don't recommend this office to anyone.
It was a truly horrible experience for my 4 yr old daughter and she will never be back at this place.
This is supposed to be a dental office that specializes in children.
However, the doctor lacks the skills and knowledge as to how to effectively handle children that are afraid.
They have a policy that doesn't allow a parent in the office with the child.
I can see why, apparently the doctor is free to press his hand over a child's mouth to attempt to quiet them down.
My daughter suffered a small cut on the inside of her lower lip from the pressure of his hand.
My daughter's screaming could be heard all the way to the lobby and the doctor dared get angry and annoyed with me when I approached the situation to ensure she was ok.
I can now understand why this office is called Wild West...it was bare like a desert with no other patients in sight.
It attests to the lack of a positive customer service experience.

I have no idea how others are treated, but we have been going to Wild West for three years and have had incredible service every time.
The staff is attentive, the dentist is professional and GREAT with kids.
My daughter has had several teeth pulled, and not a single tear.
I'm a business owner, and know how difficult it can be to please every one every time.
However, I would recommend Wild West without hesitation as the best children's dentistry in the Valley.

