We tried Dogworks this past weekend with great success.
First when I called for an appointment the gentleman that answered the phone was knowledgeable and efficient squeezing me in at the very last minute.
The appointment was scheduled for 10:30am on Saturday and Linda was early!
That never happens with a home appointment.
Anyway, the vehicle was very modern, clean and did NOT need to be hooked up to our house which was a plus.
Linda spent time getting to know us and our two large Labradors.
She came with lots of treats.
Besides the service itself, the best part of the deal was how fast Linda was.
I believe that she was done with each dog in less than an hour and was in and out of my place in less than two hours.
Plus, the dogs have never looked better.
Linda was a sweet heart and the dogs were NOT having massive anxiety attacks when they were finished!

I wash my tiny dog once a week.
After she was recently groomed by DogWorks Mobile Pet Grooming, I gave her the weekly bath, as usual.
You cannot see her skin (pink) until she is wet.
She has white hair, which makes it easy to spot all of the scabs that were there AFTER she was groomed.
She was clearly either cut or burned by the clippers used.
She had little (and big) scabs all over her back, chest and around her ears on her skin.
She did NOT have these scabs prior to being groomed and there is no other way she could have gotten them.
She did have powder all over her after she was groomed - now, I know why!
DO NOT USE THIS GROOMER.

My dog has been becoming increasingly anxious for grooming in the busy grooming salons and we decided it might be best for my baby to try a mobile groomer.
I happened to see this van around town and was impressed by its clean and up to date look.
The groomer showed up right on time (a bit early even) and i requested to see the inside of the van (in case looks were deceiving) so she showed me around the van with no hesitation and I was surprised at how clean and neat it was inside as well as out.
She greeted my pup with treats and he trotted out to the van happily with her.
Before I knew it they were all finished and she brought him back sweet talking him the whole way.
He seemed to be much more pleased with this grooming experience and so I was I.
He looked great, smelled great and the entire experience was just over all pleasant.
5 stars for being timely, friendly, clean, caring and providing quality service.

My dog is terrified of going to a groomer and being with other dogs or stuck in a cage.
I have been using DogWorks for a couple of years now.
The owner always fits me in and Linda is a dog whisperer!
My dog willingly goes into the van and knows I am just right inside the house.
I get to wash my floors and have breakfast in peace!
He always looks and smells good and does not get that "depression" he always got when I returned from other groomers.
I would recommend DogWorks to everyone!

