Dr. Christiansen has been helping my family see better for several years now.
My previous O.D.
's never explained to me that keratoconus was the reason my sight was blurred in my right eye.
I'm glad he had the knowledge to catch that and is currently helping me to change from soft to rigid contact lenses.
I recommend that anyone in need of an eye exam or lenses and frames stop by and say hello to your new friends at Clearvision at Pecos and Harmon.
Vicky and the rest of the ladies in the office are very helpful and friendly.
And they have a wide selection of frames to choose from.

they ripped me off...   paid $200 for an eye exam so i could buy replacement contact lenses (two sets of four lenses for $400).
the lenses are hydrosoft toric and retail for 2 x $169 for four packs for each eye.
they sent me one lense for each eye in a generic case.
basically stole at least $140.
i don't even know if they are Hydrosoft brand or cheap knock offs...  shame on them!!

I have been coming to dr. Christensen since I probably about 12 or 13... Never been nervous to come here because the staff is amazing!!
I always recommend to all my friends and co workers..
They always explain everything and make it all easy to follow   Love them!

Nice selection of frames.
However, it seems understaffed or staffed with indifferent personnel.
I waited a half hour to pick up my $875 glasses while the clerk spent all his time with a woman who was trying on frames trying to make a decision.
Finally, the receptionist gave me my glasses and told me to come back some other time to get them adjusted.

This is a really nice looking office big waiting area and not very busy.
At first the lady at the front desk was kinda rude giving us a hard time about our insurance due to mix up with another office.
I explained to her what our situation was and she finally got on the phone with our insurance company and straightened everything out.
Took her all of five minutes so I was kinda of irritated that she she just do that from the beginning.
However after that our customer service was great.
We were introduced to a nice young lady who was very knowledgeable on all the different glasses and knew a lot about how much our insurance would cover and what type of glasses work best with our prescription.
She broke down all the materials, the prices, and the discounts.
We we were in and out in 1 hour.
We were very pleased!

Waited for 30 minutes to just pick up my frames.
There were two people sitting at the desk doing nothing.
Go else where if you care about customer service

Excellent experience here!
They all have the patience of several saints.
I have extremely difficult eyes to fit for contacts and I knew it was going to be an ordeal.
Dr Christiansen was unfailingly patient and was always optimistic and offered several solutions & options.
They are thorough, professional, and friendly.
I rarely have to wait for my appointment and am always greeted with smiles by everyone there.
I have recommended several people to go there.
I am 100% satisfied.

My son and I have been going to Dr. Christensen for about 4 years.
Great Optometrist!
Very friendly and helpful staff.
Nice and clean office.
Wide selection of brand name frames.
Price varies...
But I would recommend East Clearvision to anyone.

This review is based on only 1 appointment.
My son recently brought up in conversation that he was having vision issues.
After checking Yelp and the providers under my insurance,  my wife and I made the decision.
To schedule an appointment for our son.
It was really fast and easy to get an appointment scheduled.
The staff is very friendly, informative and professional over the phone.
What I like is they send out text reminders and allow you to confirm the appoint via text.
Since I was able to give them my information over the phone, a lot of the insurance stuff was taken care of before we got there.
A huge pet peeve of mine is getting to an appointment early or on time and then having to wait for an extended period of time.
I had barely finished checking my son in when they called us back.
My son went through all of the screenings pretty quickly and we were in the exam room in no time.
He was seen by Dr Christiansen who took his time and explained what he was doing and made my son right at ease.
After the exam he talked broke down the issue and treatment plan.
He didn't talk down to me or my son, and answered every question thoroughly.
My and scheduling my own vision.
Check up, if I updated this review it's cause something went wrong, but I high suspect I won't need to.

