My rating is for the club alone, McCarran has it's own issues which make this club a bit of a reach.
I'm a major US Airways flyer, but every once in a while I'm someplace where the only club options are a United Club.
I had a couple hours to burn in LAS and I'm really glad I made the trek to the United Club.
As far as the people go, everyone here was top notch.
The lounge attendants were friendly and efficient at getting me checked in.
The bartenders were quick.
And the cleaning staff here were clearly working overtime.
The guy I saw working was diligent about cleaning up every spill and making sure any used items were picked up.
It showed, because the club was very clean.
The amenities here are pretty normal for any United Club.
Good snack mix, free beer and well drinks.
But, I must say the seats are really super comfy.
I saw a couple people doze off while lounging here, and I don't blame them.
Now for my only negative.
Why is it so hard to get here?
In order to get here I had to walk from the A terminal, out of security, through D security, ride a tram and then walk to the end of a wing in the D terminal.
This is definitely just a negative for the airport though.
It's well worth the trek if you have some time to spend in LAS though

This United Club is located on the upper floor in Terminal D near Gate 36.
There is elevator or stairwell access.
I have been here many times especially early in the morning to return back to the east coast.
This trip was no different.
I arrived in the early morning around 5am and was surprised to find the club was already opened and busy with customers.
I don't recall that this particular club opened so early, but, they surely do now.
I set-up my laptop and work area at the raised counter overlooking the tarmac as the sun rised.
I retrieved some coffee, orange juice, yogurt and donuts for breakfast.
This club use to provide their own complimentary wireless internet.
McCarran airport now offers their own complimentary wireless internet access throughout the airport.
The United club now utilizes the airport service rather than their own.
The airport service requires your log-on and agreement, which is difficult to log onto unless you use a url, which is constantly updated such as cnn.com, etc.
Goggle or gmail does not work as well.
Delta flights also utilize Terminal D as it was in my case so I leveraged the United club for my nearby Delta departure.

Was flying Air Canada direct from LAS to Montreal but they don't have a lounge (or partner) in the Terminal 3 area (F gates) so I had to take the tram to concourse D to reach this United Club.
It's a good one!
It is up-to-date with new setup and new furniture as well as easily accessible power outlet throughout.
In a typical United Club style, drinks are available from the attended bar (I prefer the self service type) but this seems to become the norm among US airlines.

Very friendly receptionists, good selection of snacks and drinks, and comfortable seating.
Clean restrooms, too.

Opens at 4:30am.
Continental breakfast spread includes bagels, granola, yogurt and Maker's Mark if you are so inclined.
Private shower/bath rooms are nice.
Hopefully someday we will get the same level of Club that United provides in Germany (sleeping areas, more interesting food options) - until then, I'm happy with what we've got ;)

One would think other airlines would have a club in Vegas but UA is the only one.
The United check in area is in terminal 3 but the gates are over in D which is the satellite terminal.
You have to take a tram to the gates The club is a short walk from the tram exit.
The desk staff was very nice and welcoming.
The club has a great view of the ramp.
I didn't realize UA was the second largest carrier in Vegas.
The club is long and thin but has plenty of seating.
The bar staff was very, very nice.
They made a darn good Bloody Mary!
The snacks were stocked and items taken away and cleaned pretty quick.
I did forget that the United Club does not take cash for the sell up options.
Over all not a bad club to spend some time when stuck in Vegas.

Above-average United Club, 3rd Level, Terminal 3.
Pluses:  * Open almost 24 hours:  4:30 to after midnight to serve the Red Eye flights * Friendly, helpful staff including Front Desk and Bartenders * Clean, modern facility with comfortable seating and abundant A/C outlets * Even serves bourbon as well-drink...missing in most United Clubs  Negatives:  A Modest Suggestion...United would do well to study Lufthansa Lounges how to set up and operate a true hospitality lounge.

This United Club is located on the upper floor in Terminal D just prior and across from Gate 36.
If you are in A, B, or C gates, you will have to leave security, re-enter another terminal security and take the tram over to gate D.  That process took about 17 minutes.
The service here was very mixed.
Upon entering the club, we were not given a very friendly welcome.
It was not a rude greeting, but the woman did not seem to appreciate our arrival as her tone was unpleasant.
One man behind the bar also gave me a disinterested tone despite my decent tip.
I never saw him again, but in the following few hours while waiting for my delayed flight, the women behind the bar were great, and they are really deserving of 5 stars.
My travel partner opted not to drink and really just wanted a hot chocolate.
Another gentleman had just used the last two packets so I politely asked a grey haired, fat man behind the counter for a packet of hot chocolate.
He flat out lied and grunted that they were out and did not have any more hot chocolate packets.
This lazy attendant really just wanted to watch fox news behind the bar instead of retrieve some more hot chocolate.
He was not even the bartender!
He was quite transfixed on fox news like it was the only thing worth living for in life.
That lounge guest who got the last two packets witnessed this interaction and must have been as equally disgusted by the poor behavior of the United attendant.
He went to a drawer below the hot water counter, opened it, and brought out several hot chocolate packets.
Then a weird thing occurred.
Another United lounge attendant saw the hot chocolate packets out and put them back in the drawer.
It was rather amusing to watch the gentleman who took them out of the drawer in the first place, observe the attendant remove the hot chocolate packets.
He wanted to mess with him so he continually would take the hot chocolate packets out and put them in the empty tray by the tea.
Over and over, the young man from United would put the hot chocolate packets away while the other gentleman would pull them right back out of the drawer again.
It was pretty funny watching the whole affair.
United gets a few stars for having the lounge in the Vegas airport.
The women behind the bar get 5 stars for their awesome service.
I was happy to tip them!
Several stars get taken away for the poor management of this lounge.
The woman greeting us obviously did not want to be there.
The older man behind the bar could have explained why they do not re-stock the hot chocolate instead of lying.
Why be so stingy over hot chocolate packets?
My travel partner could have been drinking the free alcohol beverages and that surely would have been a greater expense for United.
The older grey haired United attendant could also do his job instead of watching news targeted towards idiot audiences.
United could have had 4 to 5 stars out of this, but needs better personnel and policies toward the simple things that would make a traveler's experience all the better.

The D terminal at the airport is pretty poor unless you like slot machines of course.
The first challenge with this lounge is finding it, it's tucked away between gates 33 to 35.
The second challenge is having the patience to wait for the elevator to arrive, it's somewhat slow.
The guy checking everyone into the lounge was great, very outgoing, helpful and friendly.
United should have put this guy in charge of recruiting customer facing people then perhaps their slogan of "Flying the friendly skies" would be more accurate.
I never understand why they don't have a soda machine at these lounges, you always have to go to the bar and face a bartender who is expecting a tip.
Maybe that's the plan.
The lounge is small and on this visit was very busy.
Nothing too horrific to report on this occasion.

One of the modern, spacious and quiet United Clubs.
This locations is nestled away from the hustle and bustle of the concourse located on the 2nd floor of Terminal D via elevator access.
Plenty of space to lounge and relax before or after your flight.
The only thing missing is shower facilities like Houston has in Terminal E.

