iFlick Photo Booth was a great addition to our wedding reception, I'm so glad we did it.
Everyone had so much fun.
MJ was super sweet and very patient with all of our crazy guests.
The price included a custom made layout which matched our theme.
We got the scrapbook package, which is great, both us and our guests got a copy of each picture.
I will definitely recommend iFlick to everyone I know.
It was an unforgerttable, affordable wedding favor that I'm sure wont be tossed out in a few weeks.

iFlick photo booth was such a hit at our wedding!
The guests were having a blast taking pictures.
The way that this photo "booth" is set up gives guests so much more space to move around and even add more in the photo if you want allowing our guests to have more fun with the props and poses.
I don't prefer the other actual booths because you can only fit like 4 people in them and its so claustrophobic.
So iflick was a compete hit at our wedding.
The staff was super nice and friendly and MJ was so professional and quick to respond whenever i had a question about anything.
I highly highly recommend using iflick if your looking for a photo booth!!
Thank you iFlick for giving our guests the best experience ever!

From the moment we met MJ at a bridal expo, we loved her!
She was very professional and warm.
She made us feel very comfortable so we booked her right away!
She told me I would be contacted about a month before the wedding to discuss our layout and details; she actually contacted me earlier.
She customized our layout, scrapbook, and props to match the theme of our wedding.
She always responded right away and even came to a meeting at our venue to make sure she knew where to set-up and that we had everything we needed.
At the event, she was very professional and fun at the same time.
Our families loved her especially the kids.
She was even able to accommodate getting my niece, who is in a wheelchair, in the pictures.
The photo booth was a hit!
The pictures are high quality, and I love having the scrapbook.
She immediately provided me a thumb drive with ALL the pictures at the end of the ceremony.
I highly recommend upgrading to the package that provides a copy for everyone in the picture.
I loved iFlick and will definitely use them again for other events!

