The Chinese food here is 1st rate.
The seasoning is fantastic and great portion size.
The food is high quality and extremely fresh.
The Orange Chicken was the best I've tasted around town.
Everyone should try the fried wontons.
They put a good portion of cream cheese mixture in the center and the flaky crust is nice and paper thin with the emphasis on the cream cheese.
They also let customers choose from fried rice or steamed rice.
Prices are great.
This place is going to be a "regular" for me.

I am so happy to finally have a decent Chinese delivery around us!
We got a flyer on our door so decided to try it last night.
The food is AMAZING!
We ordered (2) sesame chicken, pork fried rice and moo shu pork.
The portions are huge and the food is fantastic.
Delivery was super fast.
The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because I specifically asked for hot mustard and sweet and sour.
They sent 3 packs of hot sauce.
Well done, Tsing Tao, well done!

Tsing Tao Chinese Cuisine is a very excellent Chinese Fast Food restaurant.
I swear, when I go in and order my usual which is the Szechuan Chicken lunch combo with Hot and Sour Soup, they have it out and ready when I take my first couple bites of soup.
It's fast, fresh, and very delicious.

The BEST Chinese food we've had since moving here.
Due to their combos, the food was very affordable.
We had sweet & Sour chicken, seasame chicken, chicken lo-mein, fried cheese wontons, egg drop soup, fried rice, spring rolls, and eggrolls, (all for about $25.00).
We did order lunch combos which came with fried rice and egg drop soup.
Everything tasted excellent.
Very good food, very affordable, and very fast.

The food was very good.
I saw it once and decided to try them out.
I must admit it was a good choice.
The price reasonable and the selection is great.
I will be stopping by again, that's for sure.

I was very surprised how good the food was and how fast they delivered.
I had the salt & pepper shrimp, with pork won ton and house fried rice.
All were served warm and very tasty.

i was a little disappointed considering the good reviews.
They do deliver and they are very prompt and they did get our order completely right.
The food was just not as good as i was expecting.
We got some spring rolls, sesame chicken, pork fried rice and vegetable lo mien.
Everything was just o.k.
The fried rice was definitely my least favorite.
I eat a lot of Chinese, Asian and Thai and this just did not do a thing for my taste buds.
They are fairly priced and for home delivery i cannot be that upset i just expected more.
Meh, it was edible.

This place was so good.
I was skeptical because I learned of this place by a flyer on my door, but the food looked amazing in the pictures so I decided to give it a try.
Best choice ever!
The sweet and sour Chicken was so good.
White meat chicken with no gross pieces like you sometimes get.
The general tso's was good too.
Just the right amount of spice.
We also got egg roles, vegetable lo mein and fried rice.
There was so much food, we got to enjoy it again for lunch the next day!
So good!

This is a true New york style chinese place.
Its located in an old quiznos and they didnt really remodel so dont expect to come here and sit down and eat.
Tons of vegetarian/Vegan options.
Check it out

The prices are really good.
The food is fast, and the quality isn't bad either.
But the RICE.
What.. is.. this stuff?
Boo.
Horrible rice.
Totally kills it.
4 stars otherwise.. maybe go for something noodley :)

Man.. Tsing Tao is garbage.
You people are so quick to throw 4 or 5 stars around.
I just bought a home in the area, and needed something quick and easy to grub on while I unpacked.
Not in the mood for pizza, so I grabbed a flyer from my door and dialed Tsing Tao.
I ordered 2 types of Chow Mein, Tangerine Chicken, Rice, and Egg Rolls.
My order came out to 30 bones.
The delivery was on time, but whoever packed my order did not include chopsticks, forks, or napkins!!
I called back, and mentioned to the owner that the reason for ordering out was because I hadn't unpacked any kitchen stuff.. and had no clue where the box with silverware was.
He told me that to save money, Tsing Tao assumed that all houses had their own utensils!!
What the fuck!!!?
Chopsticks and napkins cost almost nothing you cheap bastard.
I have never had my Chinese orders come without these simple things.
We ate our food with fucking steak knives until my chick came home from work (I asked her to grab some plastic forks on the way)  The food was downright terrible.
No flavor.. All the meats were overcooked.
MSG city..
Egg Rolls were raw inside.
All 3 of us agreed that Tsing Tao was some of the worst Chinese we had ever experienced.
I dunno if it was because I had just eaten really good Chinese the day before (Desert Jade) or what.. but fucking yuk!
I will never give these cheap bastards my business again.
All you fuckers on here need to explore a little bit more, because nothing that I tasted was worth 2 stars.
For realz mane.. try Desert Jade, then go back and tell me Tsing Tao is worth more than 2 stars-  PS.. the fortunes in their cookies were garbage too.

I ordered sweet and sour pork, pork fried rice, and egg rolls.
My compatriot ordered Kung Pao chicken.
We just wanted some descent chinese food delivered to us.
We began with the egg rolls.
They were amazing.
Not overly fried and soggy, where you can only taste the grease, like most places.
These were crisp and full of flavor.
My sweet and sour pork came delivered naked (sauce on the side).
Which was nice,  i hate it when the meat is soggy.
The rice was different than i expected.
It was light and a little less flavorful than I was hoping.
It was still good, but not compared to the amazing sweet and sour pork.
The sweet and sour sauce was thick and tangy.
Not just bland red syrup.
I put a little on the rice to liven in up a bit.
(Worked)  My compatriots only complaint with his Kung Pao Chicken was that is was not spicy enough.
I think that they could probably make it spicier next time if requested.
Amazing food, prompt delivery,  will be eating here again.

I'd given this place a five star originally.
The food quality has changed for the worse.
We ordered food, and it was generic and bland.
We thought it was a fluke so we tried them again.
Same thing, food was generic and processed tasting, very bland.
SAD: they started off so good.

Definitely the best bang for your buck.
Me and my wife ordered 2 lunch combos, 8 cheese Wantons, and a soda for $16.
The Egg Drop was amazing, as well as the Wantons, though I was no fan of the fried rice, and the pork lo mien did not have nearly as much flavor as it should have.
I will definitely be eating here again.
The guy who took my order actually brought me my food and made sure we had everything we needed, with exceptional people skills and professionalism he made our dining experience very enjoyable.
Again, best all around deal you'll find on Chinese takeout anywhere in Mesa.

This place sucks.
They don't have descriptions on their products and have unlisted ingredients.
I ordered the cheese wontons, veggie spring rolls, and veggie chow mein.
The cheese puffs aren't actually cheese puffs they are crab puffs.
I am a vegetarian.
I ordered cheese puffs, not crab puffs for this reason, so I could't eat them.
Next is the veggie spring rolls, which have beef in them, again another item I couldn't eat.
Lastly the chow mein, I have been eating chinese food my entire life and every time I have ever ordered chow mein it has been a stir fry noodle dish but here of course it is a little bag of fried wonton noodle things.
And if all of that wasn't enough the fortune cookie tasted very strange almost like dirt.
DO NOT EAT HERE!



This place is awesome.
I love their lunch or dinner special.
The general tso chicken is our favorite.
They will customize any dish to your specifications and that's nice.
My only complaint is their rice, it's not that good.
I can cook better stuff at home in ten minutes, but for a $6 lunch special that comes with a pound of meat, I'll deal with sub par rice.
Also the hot and sour soup is really good too.
Super friendly staff that as regulars we have come to get to know and look forward to ordering some fast food from.
They actually remember us and know that my wife likes extra spice and I hate onions.

I don't know how they manage to take the flavor out of the food, but they do it better than any Chinese food restaurant I've ever been to.
We ordered Seafood Soup, which literally tasted like chunks of imitation crab and assorted vegetables in water rather than broth.
I don't even remember what I had as the entree, it was that forgettable.
This place is set up for take out and they have a wide assortment of sauce packets that you pick right out of the boxes they were shipped in.
I guess you're supposed to add your own flavor by grabbing handfuls of those.
I suggest you use both fists.
I will never go back.

Food tasted very cheap.
Couldn't eat it, went to subway instead.
I recommend cleaning the walls.

I haven't physically been in to Tsing Tao and that's why I was only able to give them four stars, but if the location is anything like the food I've had delivered to my home over and over again, then they are 5 star all the way!
I've never had a bad experience with their food.
They package their deliveries neat, compact, and tidy.
They deliver their Lemon Chicken already with the Lemon Sauce on the side so you don't have to specially ask, and they give you a VERY generous portion of sweet and sour sauce when ordering wontons or egg rolls.
Their phone ordering is quick and they are helpful to answer questions.
Even the delivery guys are polite.
This is all aside from the food being fantastic, and authentic.
So far from everything I've seen, Tsing Tao does it all the right way!

LOOK OVER HERE FOLKS !
Its very simple!
Tsing tao slings chinese food at crazy affordable prices.
DO NOT GO THERE TO EAT IN......TRUST ME.
Call for a delivery or pick up.
Pro's- 7.00 dinner combo's include a small eggroll and rice..killer deal They have duck sauce, plastic cutlery, soy sauce, sticks right next to the counter.
Food was good Dinner combo comes in a plastic snap lid container.....no need  to transfer leftovers.
They deliver.....why i dont know?
Their prices are great!!
CONS....the place is small, faces west and was baking hot when we were there.
All of the tables turn into a waiting area for pick up customers There really is little space to eat there.
We grabbed ours to go Their fried rice is orange.....bright orange......its ok. ....but real fried rice is dark brown.
Just saying....
In the end.....where the heck are you going to get 2 combo orders WITH EGGROLLS for 14.50 ?
Eggrolls and fried rice are huge upcharges at most places.
Last fried rice we ordered was 7.00 !!
Places like this are a N.Y.
Tradition!!

I have no idea what all these one and two stars are talking about.
They are very good for what is actually around here.
I've lived in the Mesa area for nearly 8 years now, and have tried all the other Chinese restaurants in the area.
They definitely don't deserve one or two stars.
There's actually a person that rated them one star for not automatically including chopsticks.
Are you kidding me?
They are definitely one of the top takeout Chinese restaurants in the Mesa area.
I think they are very comparable to Dragon Wok in Gilbert, but they are very expensive in comparison.

They don't give you a choice of 2-3 things to choose for your takeout plate and the plates are small so you get a small plate of one choice with a little rice box, but the food ain't too bad, just expected a little more

I've only ever had their delivery, it is always prompt under 20 minutes even though they always quote 45, lol.
The food is definitely great for the price, really good portions, we are big eaters and always have leftovers.
Don't forget to ask for utensils chopsticks or plates if you need them, they never freely include them but will gladly package them if you ask.
Based on the amount of your order they always throw in a freebie

