I've been to El Ranchero a couple times now and have had great food every time.
My business is right around the corner so it's real easy for me to pop in for lunch.
Miguel and Cortez are both great there.

Excellent traditional mexican food with fair prices.
Miguel does a great job in the kitchen using quality ingrediants.
Tried the fried shrimp platter and carnitas, muy sobroso!
Basic chesse and onion enchiladas are superb.
You've got to try this mom & pop casita soon.
You will enjly.
Beer only, bring your own wine.
Cheap date!

The food is Amazing!!!!
I am addicted to everything on the menu!!
Great service!!
The owner is great!!!

My family went to El Ranchero recently without any knowledge of how the food  or service was there.
I had my usual bean burro, enchilada style (red sauce).
It was awesome.
The taste was great and the price was very affordable.I think it was $3.99 for the bean & cheese burro.
I don't recall the cost of adding the enchilada sauce, but it was reasonable.
I took photos of the burrito and the outside of the restaurant.
I will take some daytime photos in the future.
My brother loved his chicken chimichanga, and his wife really liked her chili relleno.
My Mom also loved the dish(?
) that she had.
We will all be back in the near future.
There are located just north of Thomas Rd on the west side of 68TH St.
I forgot our waiter's name, but he was the friendliest one I have had in many years.
He also owns (or co-owns) El Ranchero.
They will season the food as you like it: just let them know when you order if you like your food mild, spicy, or something else.
If you love Mexican food, I would try this place at least once to see what you think.

We have been searching for great mexican food in Arizona for the last two years.
This place hit the spot!!
It was honestly some of the best we have ever had and would go back soon.
My husband had the Ranchero burrito which I would highly recommend and I had steak fajitas (amazing!!!!).
Miguel, the cook brought the food out personally and takes pride in the freshness, combinations of tastes and presentation of his food.
He uses his own special seasoning for the fajita meet which really made it stand out above others.
I HIGHLY recommend this place!!
Hope you enjoy!

Yes - go here!
We were very happy to find this restaurant around the corner from one of our friends' house which would mean many blissful returns to El Ranchero...  We went here with a group of friends on a Saturday for lunch.
The restaurant was fairly quiet at the time which suited us perfectly and also had the added benefit of the chef/owner serving us.
He was really friendly, sincere and attentive to our table.
I had a carne asada quesadilla and barbecue pork soft tacos.
My husband had the chicken quesadilla and carne asada soft tacos.
All of the above - delicious!
The chef also brought us some of the house specialty hot sauce and guacamole to go with the complimentary chips and salsa.
These were amazing!
I could not get enough of the guacamole and had to ask for extra before we left.
The food was priced very decently and the serving sizes were more than enough.
I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for really tasty authentic Mexican food.

This place rocks!
Miguel, owner and chef, is awesome.
Besides making some kick-ass Mexican fare, he is a great guy.
He will serve you the food himself, and go out of his way to make sure you are satisfied.
Guacamole is not on the menu, however, you need only ask Miguel to make some.
And Miguel makes the BEST GUACAMOLE YOU WILL EVER EAT!!!
Garlic shrimp were great, and the beans that accompany the main courses are amazing (and i don't like beans!).
Fajitas full of flavor.
Endless chips and salsa to start.
I could go on and on.
We were in Scottsdale for 8 nights, and ate at some great places (Deseo, Roaring Fork, Pomo Pizzeria Napoletana, Hiro Sushi, Rehab Burger Therapy, White Chocolate Grill).
If I could only return to one of them again in my lifetime, it would be El Ranchero.

I'm just not impressed at all with this place.
Besides the out-of-the-way location, the atmosphere inside felt a little drab.
It didn't help there were no tables in the center of the dining room, and some strange fake trees like rainforest cafe inside.
The Spanish language channel blasting at full volume with a waitress who doesn't speak English didn't help either.
The place just seemed off.
There were a few things not on the menu.
Why?
Get on the computer and print them out!
One of my pet peeves is paying for water.
So when I asked for some ice water and got a small bottle of arrowhead, we were already off to a bad start.
I love spicy salsa and one way I can handle it is by drinking LOTS of water.
At $1.50 a bottle, I didn't want to blow $5 on water before the meal even arrived.
Lame.
Even in Mexico I can get free filtered ice water.
Food was just okay.
Rice was fresh.
Beans were ok.
The cheese enchiladas could have been better.
There's nothing differentiating them from low-end taco shops.
Overall I think this place has room for improvement.

Awesome food, great price and great service!
We went on a Friday night and it was just us and another family in the restaurant.
The flavors and feel reminded me of my favorite place in Puerto Vallarta.
Authentic flavors and service.
The owner/chef waited on us personally, and was very attentive.
Salsa is a bit spicy but very good.
Ask for some guacamole, it's not on the menu, but he'll make it fresh for you.
And the green sauce is to die for!
I had the marinated pork chimichanga ( also not on the menu) and my boyfriend had the carne asada.
Both were wonderful.
Even the rice and beans were good!
We will definitely be back.
Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!

My family and I were visiting AZ for the first time from the east coast.We  found this wonderful restaurant on a Thursday afternoon after a long flight.
We were greeted by the owner/chef who helped us with the menu and we had the best red salsa and chips.
Our family of four enjoyed the enchiladas and the chimichangas.
It was a great way to begin our trip to AZ and hope some day to go back.

so far, this is the most deceptive yelp rating we have found.
this is NOT a 4.5 star mexican restaurant., and it really isn't even a 3 star eatery.
our start here was good, with tasty chips and salsa and a kind waitress whose english was very shaky (all of which we took as a promising sign).
we had high hopes as we waited far too long for our food, but the warning signs were already there; the worst margaritas ever, not even one other party arriving for dinner, and a drab dining room that looked much better in the photos.
when the food finally did come, it was just disappointing.
and while the salsa that came with the chips was good, both the red sauce, and green sauce that was brought to the table with the food were both lousy.
the beans were salty, the rice was weird, and i believe the taco shells were from a box.
not one in our party of 5 were the slightest bit impressed with the food quality.
not sure why it's so difficult to find decent mexican food in this town, but it is!
steer far away from el ranchero, it's one of the poorest i have ever been to.
cannot believe that some people ranked it so highly!
the only one in the east valley has received rave reviews from us so far, has been "susies mexican cafe" in east tempe.
take the drive!

My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place about a month ago on our way home from Papago Park and we were both pleasantly surprised.
The food was fantastic and moderately priced and all of the staff members had smiles on.
It was a memorable experience and we felt we needed to come back.
We came back today and to our surprise the waiter remembered us after a whole month.
Nothing makes you feel more welcome than having a waitress or waiter mention they remember you.
Our waiter was Miguel and he was absolutely fantastic.
We will definitely be coming back again.

My mom and I went here on 5-13-13 and she Had the chicken fajitas and I Had The steak fajitas.
We both loves our dishes, the place is small and quite I would Recommend going here for really good food along with good prices.
We will Definitely be going back

