I've yet to eat inside, but the smokers smell great driving by, and the parking lot is always full when they're open.
Today we did take out at work.
I had the Texas Fries - hand cut fries, topped with St. Albert's (nice touch & extra effort) hot pepper cheddar cheese, and a pile of beef brisket with gravy.
Everything was done to perfection, and the quantity of food was remarkable, I barely made a dent in it.
My co-worker ordered the pulled pork nachos.
Again, a gigantic pile of delicious pulled pork, nacho chips, cheese, jalapeno pepper, and thick, real sour cream.
The oohs and ahhs from other people seeing the food in our lunch room were many, along with the envious stares.
But we were sure to share; there was plenty to go around.
I've eaten at the owner's other restaurant, Hogs Tails Bar B Que, and was just as impressed with the food from the Lancaster.
This is definitely one of the best places to eat in K-W, let alone for barbecue.
Parking is very limited, and no Sunday hours at this point.

I've been waiting a long time to try their Hogtails location but it's always been to busy, or the odd occasion I've shown up and it was closed for the holidays.
So last night we went and tried the Lancaster Smokehouse thinking it was bigger so it should be easier to get in.
Still an hour and half wait.
This is nothing against them though, as it should be a testament to their popularity due to good food.
Anticipation builds further!
I ordered the gumbo to start.
I haven't been to a lot of bbq joints, the but ones I have, don't normally try to do cajun and bbq.
The chunks of chicken and sausage in the jumbo were very good, but the broth base was terrible.
Plus, when the description on the menu brags about the house made andouille sausage and there's only one piece in the gumbo, you get a little disappointed.
For dinner, I tried a bbq sampler with their ribs and pulled pork with a side of jalapeno hushpuppies and coleslaw.
The ribs were the toughest ribs I've ever had.
I had to bite and rip and chew.
Honestly, the worst ribs I've had in a restaurant.
The pulled pork meat was decent, but again was relatively tough as far as pulled pork goes.
Very little smoke flavouring too.
The worst was that it came slathered in their sweet sauce which I didn't like.
I tried to cover it up with their smoke sauce with some success.
It would have been better off served dry with a bottle of Sweet Baby Ray's on the side.
I hate giving bad reviews, and I never raise a stink in the restaurant because I don't want to be "that customer".
I just won't go back again and I won't recommend this to anyone.
The only thing it had going for it was the huge portions.
So if you're into quantity for price, by all means go for it.
Your mileage may vary....

Really really good.
And great for the price!
The two person sampler platter comes in at 18.99.
To get the comparable sampler at Barque's Smokehouse in Toronto costs 42.00.
Some of the people rating this place poorly don't know how lucky they are.
Sure, the sides aren't the best.
And it isn't the classiest looking place.
But the brisket was really fantastic.
Better than Barques.
And the pulled pork was good too.
I've heard the chicken is also the tops.
So the next time I am there I plan to try that.
Seriously, thank your lucky stars you have access to a place like this!
Also, when I went I didn't have to wait.
Though that was during Oktoberfest... Thankfully my parents live in Waterloo, so I'll be back soon enough.

Great ribs and good BBQ.
The cornbread was way to dry & personally I would skip the tails.
They are a little to fatty for my taste.
I would definitely visit this place again thought.
I loved the live music and the menu was pretty extensive.

Great brisket,more food than you can eat.live music good atmosphere

I was really looking forward to trying out the award winning ribs from Lancaster Smokehouse, but my experience wasn't all that great.
This place is busy, I went in around 6pm and it was still a 20ish minute wait for a table for 2.
I don't know if its normal but when I went in there was a lot of really fat people, I'm talking like several 300lbers, and to me this was a good sign that I was in the right place for southern bbq.
The decor was plain, the atmosphere was loud, I actually felt like I was in upstate New York or something.
The service was good but it felt really rushed, they have a big back log so I didn't feel I could take my time and enjoy myself.
I started with the Shrimp Calas which were not bad, the pieces of shrimp inside were small but one ball didn't even have shrimp in it.
I got a full rack with fries and coleslaw as my main, the portions were very American.
Now I love smoked food, but the ribs were too smokey and the sauce wasn't doing much to complement the flavor.
I also found the ribs to be way too dry/tough and lukewarm, this was kind of surprising to me since I came in for an early dinner, I can't imagine they were sitting around for too long.
The coleslaw wasn't very creamy, it was a sad pile of wilted cabbage with a smattering of red pepper on it, the fries were decent though.
I can easily take down a plate of ribs but I just didnt want to, I must've left half the rack on the plate, I didn't want them for take out either.
Maybe I just got a bad batch, but to be honest I'd actually prefer President's Choice frozen ribs and a tub of Ziggy's creamy coleslaw from loblaws.

Let me start by saying I am a vegetarian.
That being said, if i ever go back to my carnivorous roots this is where ill start!!
My meat eating counterpart loves this place as does every other meat eater i bring here.
Huge fresh portions and great prices.
Last time i visited i had the mac and cheese, it was quite good and i was pleased there was a dish for me on the menu!
My family all had one of the Po' boys and seemed to really enjoy them!
In previous visits I've had their pico de gallo which is awesome, and i crave their Creemore battered onion rings.
I almost get jealous of the meat eaters when i'm here.
Great food.
Great service.
Great quality.
Great prices.
Now the other side of the smoke house - BEER and MUSIC!!!!!
The selection they have for craft beer is amazing and constantly changing.
They have Beau's lug tread a new favorite of mine on tap and all pitchers are $16!
They have $5 pints every time music is playing.
They have quite a good jazz and blues listing with music every Friday night (i believe) I am a huge beer fan and love being able to try craft beers.
The smoke house has amazing prices and a great atmosphere to enjoy a beer!
I am a vegetarian who loves a meat smoke house and i'm proud!

We visited during the Blues Festival, and got a seat right next to the stage within minutes.
We ordered a flight of beers to start (which were tasty and well presented) and enjoyed the music of Al Lukas as we waited for our food (which arrived  much faster than we anticipated).
My husband and I split the 3 meat platter and had plenty to fill us up.
It was delish - we especially enjoyed the pulled pork and chicken, and the beer battered onion rings were out of this world!
Yum!

Fun B.B.Q.
to visit in Kitchener-Waterloo.
My partner and I visited for lunch and enjoyed their "family" pit platter, with sides of fresh cut fries, beer battered onion rings, cornbread, collard greens, coleslaw, et cetera, all washed down with Ontario craft brews.
Wine list features very affordable Ontario wines.
Friendly service, live music at nights, atmospheric decor.
One can't go wrong dining/drinking here.

Check out the Lanc for great BBQ.
Don't overlook the po'boys (especially the fried chicken) or the fried chicken itself.
The kitchen there is skilled in the fundamentals and knows how to cook both BBQ and traditional food as well.
They make their own sauces, even the mayo (always a good sign).
Great selection of beer on tap.
Decor is a little rough - but it should be - this is a BBQ joint first and foremost.

great meat, good drinks!

Bring your appetite as the portions are generous.
My go-to meal is the brisket.
Great to see them supporting our economy by offering Ontario craft beers and wines

Great place.
Lots of good beer selection.
If you can't find something you like your not looking hard enough.
Recommend a blackened catfish poor boy (not on menu).
It is less greasy than the catfish poor boy.
BBQ is top notch.
Wings are good and not your standard sauces like Franks.
Friday and Saturday evening is live music (blues).
The only reason I am taking a star off is that the kids menu is not the best.
Chicken nuggets are homemade and my kids are not crazy about them.
They close at 11pm so keep that in mind.

Just north of Waterloo, there is very rustic (borderline sketchy) large building housing some seriously well done BBQ.
I'm not sure how authentic but its sure tasty!
The place is packed with patrons and yet service and food never experience a single lull moment.
Great flavour, tender meat, and best handmade onion rings I've had in a long time.
Lunch time means a really busy place but our server was on the ball.
With minimal waiting time, we had our order and drinks in less than 5 minutes.
The menu is exrernsive as it has everything from pulled pork, brisket, ribs, wings, BBQ chicken, catfish skewers and the list goes on as you have as variety of sides.
The best value is a platter with 3 meat choices, corn bread, and 2 sides for only $21.
This is enough to feed 2 people!
We got the brisket, BBQ chicken, and pulled pork with potato salad and the handmade Creemore spring beer battered onion rings.
Dear lawd... Those rings are amazing.
Light but satisfyingly crunchy batter over a large onion rings that was lightly sweet.
This is my cholesterol bomb delight.
The brisket came with as vinegar based sauce and the meat is tender.
The chicken wasn't dried out and it had some nice smokey flavour.
The pulled pork was very good as well.
Another great thing is the portion... Bring your appetite!
Awesome service, great prices, good flavours... Just close your eyes while you're eating as the 'rustic' setting is just a distraction.

I've been to the Lanc on several occasions, and have even visited their takeout location at Hogtails.
I've been impressed with their service each time - attentive and thoughtful, but by no means hovering or intrusive.
The food is amazing.
It's the best BBQ I've had in the region, bar none.
I especially enjoyed the rib special, which was well priced and beautifully prepared.
On my last visit I had a shrimp po'boy - delicious!
This restaurant is well worth the visit.

I had high hopes for this place but was disappointed.
I'll keep this brief.
I got the chicken and waffles when we went.
Not only was the chicken tasteless, parts of it were so overdone I couldn't eat it.
Also: A  LOT of flies ...
I know it's summer but it's unsettling and gross :S  Not going back

