My hair has never looked so good or felt so healthy!!!
I'm definitely sticking with Viva!
Viva is in a great location in Summerlin right next to my house, the cute receptionist is always smiling and friendly, and the stylists are all super talented from what I've seen each with different styles of their own.
It's very family-friendly, so I'm never hesitant to bring my son if I can't get a sitter.
Jessica does my hair and I'm never disappointed!!
She's certified to do my Great Lengths extensions which is so hard to find!

I get a color every two weeks.
Tommy does a phenomenal job!
What a professional, courteous young man!

I have had hair extensions for 8 year's have tried every kind and brand (I am a bit fanatic about my hair)  I am so happy I found Viva Salon and especially Racquel!!!
I was referred by my friend who is a hair fanatic too and she insisted I go.
She should do a review too but people tend to only write reviews when they want to vent....not me I am so happy I was inspired to write a review and I never do this!!!
So glad my friend  convinced me to go to Racquel I walked in and was greeted with a big smile and a warm welcome,  The salon was clean and stylish, I sit down and was offered a beverage I got a water but found out they have a keurig!
lol sometimes it's the little things.
Then when I got my hair done Racquel was able to put a weft in and individuals extensions (sometimes stylists only do one kind boo) I love her knowledge versatility and experience.
I don't know everything she did but damn everyone, even strait men were complimenting my hair all week long.
She must be some master cutter!!!
Then she convinced me to do the hombre highlights (like the Victoria Secret models) and I loved that too.
So as a person who obsesses over her hair and has tried everyone and every salon with over 15 years living in vegas...trust me and go to VIVA Salon and ask for Racquel!!!

Tommy is AMAZING!
Went in yesterday to get my hair done .
wanted a change for the fall season, wasnt really sure exactly what i wanted, just wanted something fun and different.
He added more blonde, some dark to the back and some violet pieces that stand out.
This was the first time I had been to Tommy and I'm so happy with the results!!!
I will DEFINITELY be back to have him do my hair again.
I cant believe all the compliments I'm getting at he office today of the awesome job he has done!!!!!

I've been getting my haircut here for about 6 months and highly recommend Viva Salon.
Chelsi does a wonderful job cutting and styling my hair!
The salon itself is also very nice, clean and relatively new.
If you're looking for a new stylist I recommend Chelsi at Viva Salon.

"I was visiting from California and needed a haircut.
It's usually hard to find a salon in Vegas because I don't know anyone who could recommend places to me and I only come once a year.
Usually, I take the safe bet and go with Aveda salons when I visit because of their reputation, but circumstances didn't allow it this trip and I had to find somewhere new.
That being said, I was super impressed when I discovered this salon.
Located right next to the Red Rock, I thought it'd be quality, but didn't think it'd be as great of an experience as I had.
In fact, my hair came out better and felt more healthy than it did last year at Aveda.
Julia was super nice and professional and even worked with me on getting a very reasonable price since it was my first time.
I went in for an ombré, which I was already nervous about since it seems to be such an easy style to mess up.
I was so relieved when I saw just about every stylist in there with beautiful ombrés.
I have dark brown hair and Julia was able to blend a light blonde into the bottom, it was so pretty.
And I don't mean chola peanut butter blonde.
I mean, if I take the tip of my hair and look at it by itself, it could belong to a real blonde.
"   This was my review on the phone app before I was able to publish it online.
Less than a week after getting my hair done, it still feels healthy and soft, but the color is almost gone.
If I wanted the color to fade so quickly, I would've gone to Wal-Mart, bought a box, and done it in my kitchen.
I made sure to use color care shampoo and conditioner and be as gentle to my hair as possible, but my hair still faded.
In fact, the tips are less blonde than they were when I came in.
5 days after the cut, I posted a photo of myself on Instagram and immediately had a friend text me and ask if the "fabulous new hair color" I'd previously posted was just temporary or if the photo was old.
While the price was still very reasonable for the service, I regret dropping the money on a color that didn't even last a week.
Now I have to spend even more money to get it re-colored or just live with the light brown ends.
I posted a photo to show the dramatic change.
Overall, I'm very disappointed with the color.
However, I would still recommend this salon for a cut.
It was still a very nice environment and had very friendly stylists, I'd just say stay away from color here.

Gina cut my hair today and did a great job!
All staff I encountered was friendly.
I definitely will be returning!

I have been researching hair places for weeks now trying to find the best place to go and I came across this salon on Groupon today because there was an offer for 35.00 for 60.00 which would cover a hair cut.
I thought it was a great deal to try out a new place!
I called the salon before purchasing the Groupon to confirm that I could use it and they said they are no longer offering the deal I was referring to even though Groupon was going to allow me to purchase it.
According to Groupon the offer hadn't expired yet and still showed "limited time remaining.
"  I even got to the last step just before entering payment information and it didn't state that the Groupon had expired.
This place may give great hair services but was disappointed with the conflicting information given!

Go see Racquel Bray!
She is the best!
Racquel does my hair, both my kids and husband.
The kids are always excited to see her and her cuts and colors are awesome!
The other stylist are always super friendly too!

Thank you Tony!
I called this place and told them I need a haircut and wanted to see who they recommend.
I told them it should prob be a male bc I've had way too many catty women traumatize me with their diva ways.
The guy instantly recommended "Tony or Seth".
After reading some good reviews about Tony I went with him.
I have long super thick hair, which most stylists get very impatient and cut corners towards the end, he spent so much time on it.
He kept asking me when I showed him pictures if i wanted the "victoria secret look," not having high hopes after many bad experiences, i said sure.
I ended up with one of the best cuts ever!
I have never liked my hair long because it is so thick and heavy it lays so flat, he cut into it so it has more volume and yet all the dead ends are gone without losing any length!
I'm pretty much in love with myself right now!!!
Best experience ever!
Also, staff is not snooty or too cool like a lot of other salons in vegas!!!
They are were smiling and very friendly.
Glad I found this place, now I don't have to cut my hair on my own!!!
Thank You Tony for being awesome and kind and great at what you do!

Thank you Raquel!
I went to see Raquel because I have very dry, brittle hair, and I didn't have a stylist in Vegas since I moved out.
First, Raquel listened and heard my concerns and had quick solutions to get my hair to a healthier state.
She applied a treatment to my hair, trimmed and styled my hair.
I couldn't believe MY hair was as soft as it was when I left.
She helped me to pick products that would help me to have a healthier head of hair.
I was very, very pleased and I got compliments when I went out that night!
The facility is modern, clean and all of the staff were friendly and smiling.
I would recommend Viva Salon and Raquel Bray to anyone!

Tausana is awesome!
She did exactly what I wanted and desperately needed!
She is super cool and very down to earth.
Did awesome layers for my style (beachy)  Salon is also very nice and trendy.
Loved it!

This is the place to go to if you're in desperate need of a change.
Julia and Jessica (the owner) have done my hair.
Julia was Jessica's assistant and I can honestly say, she definitely learned from the best.
If you go on their company's Instagram (vivasalonlv), you can see all of the amazing work that they do on their clients.
Tausana is also one of my favorites!
She's never done my hair, but she's also very talented.
I got an ombré and a haircut about a month and a half ago and I'm still in love with my hair.
I'm going back in a few weeks to add more blonde in.
Julia recommended that I just return because she didn't want to damage my hair any more.
Can't wait for my appointment!

The place is great and Julia did an amazing job!
Hope to be back soon.
Thank you Julia!

I've only been coming to this salon the last two times, but I'm making appointments regularly.
The salon itself is very clean, contemporary, good atmosphere and has young talent.
I recommend Racquel, she is very sweet and will get to know you because she wants to not because she has to.
I chose her because of the good reviews here on Yelp and they have been right on.
She listens to what you want but also encourages you to try new things.
She will bend over backwards to get you in on last minute and always communicates when there is a change.
I think I've found a home!!
I'm not going anywhere :-)

Best salon!
Always clean and you can tell the stylists knew what they're doing.
I've been going to Raquel for a few years now and even though I've moved to the other side of town I'll always make the trek to see her.
She really cares about what you're looking for and will make suggestions if you don't know.
Definitely check this salon out.

In town visiting family, too many bad hair days so called Viva Salon to see if they'd take walk-ins.
They took me in right away.
Everyone was very friendly and relaxed, felt like I was walking into a friends home.
I only needed a trim but Julia took her time and didn't push me for more services.
She was fantastic, I walked out of there feeling like I got the royal treatment.

I recently got my hair done by Racquel Bray at Viva Salon.
I couldn't be happier!
I have minor guidelines for my hair, but for the most part I'm pretty easy-going and enjoy changes, and I completely put my faith in her expertise to steer my hair in the right direction.
She toned and touched up my ombrè, darkened my base color, and finished with a trim.
Exquisite results!
I absolutely love my hair, she did fantastic work!
Thank you so much Racquel, you're an amazing artist :)

I discovered Viva Salon and Tausana a couple years ago when I was in need to fix a bad ombré color!
They have me locked down as a loyal customer and  I wouldn't go anywhere else!
You can feel a positive vibe from everyone in the salon.
It's contagious!
The owners Nick and Jessica are great people and always greet me with a smile on their faces!
Julia is a doll too!
She has blown out my hair before and is very professional and talented.
My girl Tausana is the best at what she does!
I know I'm down as one of her crazy clients!
I request different things of her and she always comes through!
My hair always comes out looking more fabulous than what I could imagine!
This girl works wonders!

Most amazing salon EVER!!
They fit me in on short notice and did an amazing job!
I have been trying to dye my hair lighter (it's originally a really dark brown) and every time it came out orange.
After saving numerous Pinterest and Instagram pics of my ideal color I headed to my appointment.
Only thing..
I didn't have to show the hairstylist!
I explained what I wanted and she made it even better than I could ever imagine!
I highly recommend seeing Samantha!
She did an amazing job with my dark hair and I will be going back!

Love coming to the salon!
The shop is very cute and trendy.
Good music to listen too.
All the girls there are super nice!
I don't trust to many people to dye/cut my hair.
But Tausana and Jessica always do a fantastic job!
And prices are reasonable!
You will never leave disappointed!
Highly recommend!

Just got my hair done by Julia n bit disappointed I was referred by co-worker who has beautiful hair so I guess I had very high expectations...my hair was long (almost down to my butt) n I think she chopped about 10inches off :( still trying to get used to this length n I don't even know how to style it with this kind of cut) Hair will grow soon so, I'm not too worry about it but, the color was way off.
I brought in the picture I found after searching for almost a month before I made an appointment out of excitement of getting my hair done n now I look like I have bad highlights here n there nothing special (it was supposed to be more like light brown ombré) when we were done I was expecting her to curl my hair to finish so, I won't have to do anything to go to work that night but, she didn't style it just blow dried it...I went to work that night n not a lot of ppl that I got my hair done unless I tell them then, they will say it got shorter n asking me why I cut it so short cz it was beautiful long black hair before :( i was looking for a dramatic change n that wasn't happening...since I don't have MY hairstylist in vegas I was hoping she will become the one but, I guess I'll keep looking...she was really nice though but, who isn't to a new client...I wish I had before / after picture

