I've been to this location one other time but today was a complete disappointment.
I ordered a Med.
hot Chi and muffin (very good BTW) no napkin kind of got in the way of me eating it in my car though.
The problem was with the Chi...
I kid you not it wasn't even half full!
I went back through the drive thru and asked for another and she said it was the froth (which also didn't fill the cup) Being in the service industry myself I would have been embarrassed to give that to a customer.
Got to the window for the Chi and didn't even get a "sorry about that", I'm not done with Dunkin but I'm for sure done with this location!

Great service.
I come here often and never had bad service or food.

Tried the new Angus Steak bagel.
YUM!
Drive-thru was fast and service was polite and efficient.

I love Dunkin Donuts but they have gone downhill.
I come here every morning for an Iced Coffee and bagel and everyday my coffee is different (mostly horrible).
Either the mess up the order or it doesn't even taste like coffee, they are not consistent.
I rather get a coffee at McDonald's.

Been to this location about three times.
Overall, service and attitude wasn't good.
My last stop was with my daughter and her two friends.
We ordered 2 refilled iced coffees in the plastic cups we bought, and some donuts.
When the girl was handing us our coffees I noticed they were steaming hot.
I mentioned to the girl that these were supposed to be iced coffees and she said she was sorry.
She then proceeded to pour some of the coffee out, then put some ice over the hot coffee.
By the time we got to our car the ice had melted and the coffee was warm.
I would have come back and asked for another iced coffee but didn't have time.
I won't be returning to this location.
FYI:  We frequently go to the Dunkin Donuts on Baseline and Stapley and they are consistenly friendly and the service is awesome,

Something has changed at this location...I'm a regular here and the drive thru service has been slow for the last 3 weeks...If doesn't improve looks like Dutch bros will be worth the trip.

