The guys and gals at WWG's LV, are tops!!
Friendly, knowledgable and the pricing is right!!!
I took my Walther PPK-S to get the sights repainted, since Bentwood gunsmiths blasted or heated it off and didn't replace it.
WWG's did a great job at a reasonable price.
They also did a reliability check as I was having some problems with one magazine using JHP's.
Got a clear answer and demonstration.
This is a relatively new business here in LV, but I don't think they will have any problems building their Clientele.
If anyone is using Bentwood, I would give WWG's a chance to show you how it should be done!!!
Professionallly, that is!!

New shop lots of selection and you can not ask for better people.
They have full on gun smithing and can do anything one would need done on a gun.
Im having them do the glass bedding on my Rem 700P.

These guys are some of the most helpful around.
I came in looking for a tac rifle build and Tim was right there to get me started and knew what I wanted.
If you need something built these guys know what they are doing.

I recently had a inquiry about a pistol I owned and I wrote them a email .
They actually called me to speak with me personally.
This is great customer service and I recommend them to anyone out there looking for information and a great helpful staff

Visited this place many times and have always been greeted by name.
Very friendly and knowledgeable about guns !!
On my third visit there my Dad purchased his first AR-15 for a great price!!
Thanks Beau for the awesome gun.
I will definitely go here again and again to browse the gun porn....

What did I decide to do on my free time while my wife is having her spa day??
Visit a gun shop!
The shop itself about one mile west of the Luxor.
Very easy find.
First off, the employee's here at this shop are extra friendly which is a rare characteristic for gun shop workers.
I was just there to browse around but was able to strike up some conversation with 2 of the young ladies working the counter.
Who by the way were extremely knowledgeable.
Gotta respect women that know their guns.
Thanks to them, I decided which gun I will be purchasing next.
The new Scorpion Sig Sauer.
What a beatiful looking piece.
There is also a seperate show room where they display historic rifles, revolvers and 1911's for sale.
Very cool to see.
Way out of my price range, but cool to check out.
The only downside was that their selection was more on the small side.
I expected a much larger display of available weapons.
The prices are a bit lower than they are here in California which is awesome for you Las Vegas folks.
If you want friendly gun shop service, this is the place.
For a larger selction, you might want to go elswhere.

I've been going to Wild West Guns for at least a year now and each time I've been there I have had great custom service.
I have purchased multiple firearms from Wild West Guns and have been happy with the prices and the service .
Each employee has been knowledgable and helped me get what I wanted.
I have had multiple guns serviced at Wild West Guns and their gunsmiths are some of the best I've been too.
I highly recommend going to Wild West Guns for excellent service and knowledge and GUNS  Mike M.

I bought a brand new Glock 17 and wanted tru glo sights installed.
I called american shooters and they recommended wild west.
I could not be happier with the service I received there.
They were very friendly and un assuming not a commando shop at all the gunsmith installed the sights in less than 20 mins and only charged me 45.00.
This is how business should be done!
Thank you wild west!

I had an itch to pick up a new , or at least new to me, firearm.
So I went to Wold West Guns , they generally have what I'm looking for and while I was at it I was going to have my P220 serviced.
Well as usual I was greeted with a smile and great service, I explained what I wanted for the my SIG P220 and ended up getting a cerakote job and full service for it.
I picked up my SIG P220 a few days ago and it looks amazing and shoots as good as the day I bought it .
Everything is done better then I expected and would never get cerakote done anywhere else.
I recomed WIld West Guns for any custom work.
I also picked up a new firearm that day  Mike

Needed to get the forend of my Mossberg removed, since I had difficulty doing it myself.
Wild West Guns was recommended by a fellow Yelper.
Back in California, I would usually have to wait at least a couple of days to get my gun back from a gunsmith, even if it was something simple like install a muzzle brake onto the barrel.
These guys were able to accommodate me right away.
Unfortunately, the replacement part I bought online (from another vendor), was the wrong one and didn't fit.
Shannon showed me a much nicer forend with a pistol-grip, that included a high-powered light.
A little pricey for me at this time, but this will be a definite purchase for the future.
Although not the largest, they do have a nice selection of quality long guns and pistols, especially for CCW.
Note: they are also able to do re-bluing and duracoat finishes here.
Staff was friendly enough and knowledgeable, and took the time to educate me on the local laws and procedures.

I'll start by saying that I'm not the most experienced when it comes to gun smithing (even that's an understatement) so when I needed my flash hider that had been pinned and welded removed so that I could add a low profile gas block and free float quadrail, I started asking around at a spot I frequent called Ventura Munitions (I've dealt with Mike extensively and he's/they're awesome).
They don't do gun smithing, but they were adamant on recommending Wild West.
I called them up and spoke with Shannon who was extremely helpful and decided to go the next day (today).
On my way home from work however, I happened to stop at Guns (Peacemakers Gun Shop) off Decatur who didn't want to take on the job, but also highly recommended Wild West.
At this point, I take my ass home, grab my gear, and head down to Wild West.
I got there and met the crew and they were cool enough to show me the back where the work gets done and even the proper way to remove a pinned and welded flash hider.
Also, at my request, removed my front sight post and gas tube.
Not only do they have an impressive store front and workshop, but they were all really awesome guys and absolutely set the standard for professionalism and great work.
I thanked them and went to the front to square up the bill and they said that it didn't take that long and insisted on calling it even.
I can tell you guys that I was sincerely shocked.
It's companies like Wild West that make me want to pay favors forward.
I would, just like the experienced industry long timers that did me, HIGHLY recommend Wild West to anyone looking to do business with an experienced staffed gun smithing company (that do anything and everything).
They've earned my business most certainly and a lot of respect to go along with it.
Thanks a bunch, guys!
See you soon.
Graciously,  Ricky Raus (the knucklehead that couldn't remove the flash hider properly)

I have been involved in shooting sports for a long time and demand only the best gunsmiths for my competition firearms.
So far, Wild West has completed: -Re-barrel a 1911 with a Nowlin barrel cut to fit, beavertail install, trigger job.
-Chamber, thread, and install a barrel for a precision rifle (.338 Lapua).
-Install competition sights on an XDM pistol.
-Currently completing a precision rifle build for 1000 yard competition.
-Another 1911 trigger job while I waited.
Shannon and Matt are as friendly as they are knowledgeable.
So far I have only purchased one gun from them but the price was the best in town and believe me I looked.
The results speak for themselves as the .338 they did, just yesterday, grouped 3.7 inches at 1000 yards.
Lastly, the wait times are around three weeks compared to 6 months or more with other smiths.
EDIT: Matt competed a Remington 700 (300 Win Mag) custom build and sure enough, .25 MOA.

not much selection located in  a hard to reach area they were  nice just had nothing we were looking for a big fan of the tv show

