I buy both dog food/treat/toys and get my fat mutt groomed here.
He's a Akita/Border Collie mix, and has extremely thick, plush fur that sheds like crazy every change of season.
Gooming: They take about 4 hours here on my dog, when I send him to get handsome.
Some of the groomers shave his butt really REALLY close, and he gets irritated for a few days afterwards.
They seem to always do a good to great job on washing him and getting all layers of his coat clean.
Only about 60% of the time do they remember to spray him with a nice-smelling dog cologne, and I have to remind them to do it.
(a tad annoying) The bandanna seems to be hit and miss, but that's alright, as the dog's got a really thick and furry neck and tends to really dislike them on.
Dog food: Glad to see them lower the price on Science Diet dog food.
95% of the time, they have the type I need in stock.
I get the pups Pork Chomps treats, and they carry a good variety of them.
Goodies: I've bought reflective and fleece-lined doggy raincoats at great prices off-season.
(normally $25-30, down to $12) They always stock little clothes/costumes for the ankle-biter dogs, but lack in bigger dog stuff in that vein.
Weekends are always crazy-busy here, and they do pet adoptions here then as well.

This review is for the Puppy Training Class.
There was a special going on for $99 for Puppy Training classes and decided to enroll my 3 month old corgi Jayla to get her a head start in obedience.
Our Trainer was Ashley I think her name was spelled Ashleigh.
I wish I knew her last name because I HIGHLY RECCOMMEND HER!!
Ashley is awesome and was very patient and informative.
There was only one other dog in the class which was great because it gave us more one on one time and helped Jayla better to keep her focus.
What I like about Ashley is that she seems well educated, she knows how to explain things in full detail if you have questions.
If you don't do the tricks right she doesn't judge or ignore rather she will practice with you.
I know some trainers who get annoyed easily and just want to pass through the one hour class like that just to get it done.
But Ashleigh will take her time and make sure that you or your dog understands better and gets it right.
I also love her tone of voice it is very upbeat and teacher - like ... She kind of reminds me of a kindergarten teacher who actually cares for her students.
I wish she was located in the Bay Area since we moved already because I would take immediate classes.
It is so worth it!!
Jayla graduated and still knows her tricks!
You as a owner though have to be responsible as well in contribution to their growth, you still have to train cosistently not just in class.
You have to take the training home with you and the best way for them to stick with what they learn is to keep doing it everyday.

Okay I want to preface this with every other time I have gone in there I have had decent service.
One lame worker will not prevent me from going to PetSmart in the future.
However, this is what happened the last time I went in to buy dog food.
I have a Chihuahua and a French Bulldog.
As many dogs do, they love to go on car rides, walks and anything else that gets them out of the house.
Since PetSmart is pet friendly, I took my boys with.
I have them on a leash with a coupler.
I went straight back to the dog food.
Two employees were having a conversation and saw me walking over with my dogs.
They looked right at me, walked away from me, continued having their conversation and avoided helping me.
Neither asked if I needed help or acknowledged me.
I was told I needed to buy a specific type of dog food...I couldn't find it on the shelf so I walked to the end of the aisle.
I asked if they were busy and could they help me.
One of the workers walked the other direction and the second worker said "I guess".
Thanks for taking time out of your busy day at work as a CUSTOMER SERVICE representative to help me!
LOL!
He is there to help people shop for what they need!
Come on!
So he was nice enough to carry a 50 pound bag of dog food to the front where he then threw it up on the register and walked away.
The woman at the register offered to have the man help me out to my car with the food.
Since simply carrying the food to the register had been such a hassle for him in the first place, I opted to carry the bag of food out by myself.
In the future, I would like to be able to bring my dogs.
However, if there is going to be such poor customer service I guess I'll have to leave them at home.

do not go to petsmart in las vegas (silverado & eastern) to get your pet groomed!
uneven mess and choppy cuts!
i am embarrised to bring my dog out :o( and to top it off the day cost me $60 plus.
never will go there again!!!!!
the groomer knew of my dissapointment and did nothing.
it's just hair, it will grow back attitude!

I walked in to get my cats groomed.
The groomers all looked and acted like they were right out of a trailer park.
Screwing around, attitude problems, and no one wanted to help me.
The manger comes over to the counter and I tell her I want the cats groomed.
I didn't have an appointment.
She calls one of the groomers over and asks if she has time to groom my cats.
The groomer rolls her eyes and walks away "i'm busy".
I couldn't believe it.
I walked right out.
Went across the street to Petco and will never go back to this dump.
How can people act this way when you want to give them your money!?!

I came here to take my friend's dog to see the vet.
Banfield is the company that does exams and pet care.
We came in a little early to fill out all the paper work and it did not take too long before the nurse came in to do the initial check up.
When she finished, the doctor came in to administer the shots.
Before we knew it, the work was done and we were out the door.
The staff were helpful and quick to assist.

I had both of my dogs groomed and they shaved one of my kids belly so close it is now infected.
NOT Happy!!

My pup and I love this PetSmart location.
We have done some extensive training with Ashleigh, and she is hands down THE BEST!!!
Honestly, she is the main reason we keep coming back.
Take a minute and introduce yourself, you'll be anxious to start taking classes with her too.
We also go to the Banfield pet hospital inside that location.
I would have to give them 4/5 stars though.
They have been behind schedule almost every time I go, but that is typical of a doctors office I suppose.
I have also had to take my pup in to follow up on routine procedures.
Other than that, they are very nice and seem to take good care of my little guy.
I have used the grooming services once or twice, and I wasn't blown over the top impressed, but I think I need to give them another shot.
Definitely see Ashleigh if you're at all interested in training, there are tons of different classes to choose from, obedience to tricks.

We like going here to get out pet supplies.
The people are friendly and we can usually find a deal or two.
(last month I got 2 16lb bags of cat food for $15... pricing error?
) They also have a cat adoption center that is open on the weekends.
The ladies are pretty nice and they have a lot of great cats to choose from.
If you are looking for a pet this is the place to go!

Great deals here from time to time... Jenn keeps finding super deals on cat food!
The ladies that run the cat adoption area are super nice and there are plenty of great cats to adopt.

Love this place.
My english bulldog Stella gets groomed & does training classes  every Thursday.
ASHLEY is the best trainer any one could ask for.
ALWAYS helpful & very knowledgable.
Definitely bring your dog in & talk to Ashley, we're very lucky we did :)

The last time I went here it was because my usual groomer's closed down and I needed my dog groomed soon.
I usually pay at most $50 for hair, nails and teeth for my dog.
Here I paid $80 simply because it took more than one person to calm my dog down.
First, maybe you shouldn't hold him down so fiercely and yell.
That was a fee I wasn't told about and I refused to pay.
The cut was terrible anyway and I now know not to trust a bunch of teens to groom.
On the other hand, their staff at the little hospital unit they have their is better and kinder to my dog's needs.
He got his shots there and they recommended products for his dental.

Pretty standard for a PetSmart.
Clean space, pleasant staff, and it's easy to find what I need for the furball.

I love coming here, close to hm, always clean, friendly helpful staff & they always have everything you will ever need for your beloved canine

I took my dog here a few times and honestly, I get eerie in taking him here.
There was a few times when I watched one of the groomers cut a dogs nails and the dog squealed and that groomer didn't seem to care.
When I looked at the cashier, she said "oh ya they do that all the time.
" Ummmm ya, dogs don't squeal that loud unless they hurt and I've never seen a dog squeal while having their nails cut by other groomers except by her.
I also had to tell the cashier whenever I went there that I did not want that lady who hurt that other dog near mines.
I don't go there anymore because my dog is scared every time I took him there, but I can say that there was ONE time when I felt comfortable leaving my dog there, because there was one groomer that saw how scared my dog was and before cutting his nails n bathing him, she massaged my dog until he was okay.
I tried getting her again to work on my dog but she was always booked or she was off.
My advice is that if you want to take your pet here, be careful of who you leave your dog to.
Observe the groomers who take care of your dog.

Went into Petsmart this last weekend with my daughter who was interested in getting two frogs.
We didn't know much about what was needed and how to care for them.
I asked a gentleman to get the frog aquarium down from up top, he did, and I explained we were going to be getting two frogs.
He left...didn't come back.
Everything down-spiraled from there.
People who didn't know anything and were generally rude.
If it wasn't for it being her birthday and her excitment I would have never spent $200 here.
At least I know better now.

Ashleigh is the most amazing trainer!
We were so lucky to have our two dogs go through the puppy training!
They learned so much.
We looked forward to going to training every Wednesday night.
She is a knowledgeable trainer with a lot of patience and experience!
She was able to give guidance for every issue any of the dogs were having!
Every dog in our class improved so much over the six weeks!
I'm excited to start our intermediate course!
It was worth every cent!
Talk to a trainer and they can get you a $10 off coupon for the training course!

We always come here for our Cat Food and Litter.
But we leave with that and toys, treats and sometimes another animal :)  The staff is always nice and helpful.
The store is always clean and does not smell like animal business.
They are opened 7 days a week and your welcome to bring your animal shopping with you

I recently moved to this side of town.
I had heard great things about Blue dog food.
My mastiff mix is currently on a Science Diet.
An employee named Dave saw me looking at Blue, since I was thinking of switching my dog's food.
He gave me the history of Blue and details about the food which confirmed what I had heard.
He even got me a cart to put the bags of food in, since I had to get a small bag of hers to transition.
Multiple employees also helped.
Very friendly place.
This will be my new store.
Thank you for your great customer service!

Ashleigh is the best trainer!
I came in to have a puppy orientation with her to go over potty training and other puppy behavior problems and loved her so much I ended up taking the Beginner and Intermediate classes with my dog.
He learned all his commands and got to socialize with other dogs and people.
Ashleigh is really cool and knowledgeable.
On days that I didn't have classes with her and went to the store I would ask her about different issues with my dog and she took time to answer my questions.
She has great suggestions on everything from behavior to grooming to health and food.
Take a class with her if you can!
I have also been taking my dog to Kat at the grooming salon.
I absolutely love her.
My dog is a brat about his paws and face being touched and she takes the time to work with him and give him a great haircut.
Every time I pick him up, he looks and smells great.
This location isn't the closest one to me but I go here for Ashleigh and Kat so its worth the drive.

Always a great experience.
Grooming is on point!
Had a nice mohawk done on the small dog- plenty of toys for big power chewers!
The cat adoption groups are friendly too :P

Everyone is very friendly and helpful in petsmart.
Ashleigh is the best pet trainer I have ever experienced.
In just two short 6 week periods my boxer was the most well behaved dog ever.
She teaches everything from potty training to sitting all the way to loud noise training which really helped for my scaredy-cat boxer.
I would defiantly recommend her to all friends and family.

