As a huge fan of everything mob related, I just HAD to pay a visit to the Mob Museum on it's opening day--especially considering I've been looking forward to the opening since I first got word of the project.
The fact that its location is the old Federal Courthouse and post office provides a very historical appeal.
Upon walking up the steps and into the building, you begin to have a sense of where you are upon seeing old p.o.
boxes along the wall.
The tour begins on the third floor where you are immediately able to take part in one of their many interactive exhibits.
They do allow picture taking, so make sure to bring a camera!
They encourage visitors to take at least 2 hours to go through the museum, and trust me-- there is definitely 2+ hours worth of information, literature, photos, artifacts, interactive exhibits, and media.
My personal favorite piece in the museum was the actual wall from the St. Valentine's Day Massacre.
I'm a huge Al Capone buff, so seeing the wall and reading the information about it literally gave me chills.
Note: Some of the photos/graphics are not suitable for young children, so you might want to leave the children at home for this one.

What a great way to celebrate my Valentines Day birthday.
This museum is truly an assett to not only Las Vegas but to the world.
It explains and shows the truth behind organized crime in creating Las Vegas.
Being the opening day it was very crowded but everyone seemed to deal with the experience in the historical message that it portrays.
I will go back again soon so I can read every caption under every picture.
Every room was filled with a visual explosion of facts.
There is nothing like it in the world.
My hats off to Oscar for making it become a reality.
Everyone should see it.
Budget several hours as it has alot too see and digest.
Caution, It is very graphic.

Disclaimer:   1) this is NOT a museum for children.
Some of the content is focused on subjects such as prohibition, prostitution.
Graphic images are sprinkled throughout the museum of many dead and bloody murder scenes.
If you're in Las Vegas and are looking for a unique and truly cultural experience, a reason to get to downtown Las Vegas (off the strip), away from casinos, smoke, retail...and experience a piece of what old school Las Vegas felt like--then this is your spot.
The newly opened Mob Museum is location in downtown Las Vegas...in the old Federal Courthouse building (which has been beautifully renovated and re-stored) and right at the heart of where Las Vegas put itself on the map.
Spear-headed by the former mayor of Las Vegas, Oscar Goodman, this museum tells the tale of the American Mob and it's beginnings, the most famous cities, it's most famous players, it's law enforcement players, and finally it's relationship with Las Vegas.
A 3 store gem of a building, you begin your tour on the third floor, and work your way down eventually ending on the first floor.
It does a wonderful job of taking an extremely overwhelming subject matter), as there is SO much to cover on the creation and history of the American Mob, and takes you through a journey of history, differently designed rooms, interactive displays and FANTASTIC films.
DO NOT SKIP THE FILMS!
They are fantastic!
Some of the artifacts include the St Valentine's Day massacre brick wall, clothes worn by "Tony Soprano", tons of paperwork from the CIA and FBI as they would hone in on a specific "mobster" or family.
Children of mobsters have donated pictures and artifacts from their parents possessions.
The museum does a superb job of touching on all point of the "Mob life" and how it's corruption is ultimately a large spiderweb connection cities, people, prohibition, prostitution, money skimming and murder.
I walked the museum for over 2 hours and could have spent at least another 2 hours there.
The highlight for me is the last room in the museum which features a film....and well, I don't want to give it away.

Well this museum looks Awsome.
By all accounts it seems to cover a broad range of subject matter in an interesting and visually pleasing way.
HOWEVER, though this content is not appropriate for children, they do not have any age restrictions for admission, so my husband and I thought we would throw our 1 year old in a stroller and let him nap while we cruised around.
FYI parents, they don't allow strollers!
They said we should carry our sleeping, 25 lbs.
son around for two hours to "protect the exhibits.
" really?
You'd rather have a loose toddler around your museum rather than have him contained in our tiny umbrella stroller?
So we left.
I read that as they don't want kids, which is totally fine!
But to not state that and then have this policy in place is pretty ridiculous.

Do you love the concept of walking through a discovery channel special on the Mob?
Do you like to Read a lot or watch the TV with closed captions on?
Have you always wanted to see a jewelry box owned by Bugsy Siegel (the most over rated person in Mafia History) ?
Do you just HAVE to own a shirt that says killer slogans such as "Made at the LV Mob Museum" and "I Got Wacked at the LV Mob Museum"   Are you a tourist?
Then this place is for YOU!
If you are more like me and you were Born in Las Vegas or Grew up in an Italian Family or saw a special on the Mob at least once in your life.
Then this place is just OK at best.
Props for putting it downtown where is belongs.
In the remodeled and historic former Federal Courthouse.
Respect for have a locals discount.
$10 to get in.
Be prepared to read!
It's 95% things you already know or have already been told to you by friends, family or the TV.
You start on the 3rd floor and it's the most boring of them all.
Yes you get to see the touched up (photoshopped") wall from the direct line of fire from the St. Valentines Massacre.
It is understandable behind glass to protect it from taggers and  idiot tourist and locals who love to touch art and artifact instead of respecting it.
This would be a perfect photo op for fans and tourists alike but the geniuses decided to project a movie on it instead.
The second floor is the most interesting with random artifacts from different mob associates and legends.
There are some graphic pictures which may not be suitable for kids.
They do show realistic portrayals on events that took place during the height Lucky's and Lansky's brilliant orchestration.
The 1st floor is mostly  the FBI, Police and governments PR campaign on their part in taking down different characters in the mob.
Then a section showing Hollywood's port-rail of the Mob.
So it's mostly all stuff that any Italian or any  fan of Mob history already knows.
There are a few "Fun facts" here and there, some rad and semi cool letters, clothing and  belongings etc from Mob Legends.
It is cool to see pictures of Oscar Goodman being a young lawyer defending the Mob.
The movies are mostly well done and informative to those not all that familiar with Mob history.
I thought it was decent for $10 but it's not something I  would really want to see again.
Worth checking out if you are in the area with nothing better to do but not worth making a special trip to see in my opinion.
Top it off with dinner at Chicgo Joe's , a Negroni at Vanguard Lounge and you might make a pretty decent evening out of it

So, my girlfriend bought us tickets to see the Mob Museum anout a month before we got to Las Vegas.
I was VERY excited to see this place because I am fascinated by all things mafia related.
This place was awesome.
I really wanted to give it 5 stars.
The reason why I didn't give it 5 stars??
The people at the ticket counter were slow and rude about it.
They put us in a separate line because our tickets were order online.
When the people in front of us got done getting their tickets, the guy at the ticket window put up the CLOSED sign and then sat there laughing and chit chatting with another employee.
He left and another person sat down who let us stand there another 10 minutes before opening.
All this while we see quite a few people purchase their tickets at other windows and walk right in.
We finally get up to the window and they can't seem to find the tickets.
This was stupid because they saw the order on the computer.
Why not just print 2 new tickets??
Which they did 20 minutes later.
So other than waiting 45 minutes to get our tickets it was pretty awesome.
They should really do something to improve customer service at the ticket window though.

I think this place is going to be a hit...OHHH SICK PUN.
Seriously though, I really enjoyed my visit and would definitely go back a few times to soak in the hoards of interesting info.
Located a quick walk from the lighted canopy of the Fremont Experience, this museum is full of facts and cool techy exhibits.
However it's not a cornball "look we're entertaining you with actors and movies!
" museum.
It's real.
If you can't be bothered to read things about the subject you assumingly cared about because you came into a museum, then yes this won't be your cup of tea.
The combination of written word and documentary-style footage throughout the 3 levels is a cool mix.
The levels take you chronologically through the rise, triumph and fall of the mob in Las Vegas.
One level also introduces you to the "heroes" of the era, The Untouchables, etc.
There is more staff than they know what to do with it seems since every corner you turn has someone guiding you onward.
I suspect, sadly, that as traffic slows a bit there will be a staff downsize.
You can cruise these levels by elevator or stairs and of course there is the unavoidable gift shop at the conclusion.
They did have some cool merchandise (shirts, mugs, keychains, the norm) and lots of books about the mob era.
You can visit the gift shop anytime without the purchase of admission.
The yearly membership for $25 might be something you want to think about if you plan on visiting more than once a year or if you have a constant stream of visitors begging you to take them to the "new, cool thing in Vegas".
With your membership they'll get in for the locals rate of $10.
They also are planning to hold private events here throughout the year that would be open to members.
Like others have noted, might not be great for kids not only because of some of the content but let's face it, it's no amusement park.
It is a lot of reading and could definitely take some time to get through if you so pleased.
Apparently there is parking available but it was unclear to me if it was paid or not.
You could just as easily park at any of the downtown casinos and validate your parking upon return.
Head towards Stewart on 3rd St and it'll be right in front of your face.
Plus that leaves time for a drink at nearby Mob Bar or even Fremont East if you're up for a slightly more lengthy walk.
Block out a few hours of your day and make the trip, I learned a lot and was impressed with the joint!

I learned some interesting insights into the mob and crime in America.
Always has been a fascination of mine, and I thought it was done well.
The staff was all very helpful.
The displays were cool, I liked the courtroom especially I could actually FEEL the history in there and was impressed by the Laser and Light show.
The gift store was kind of cheesy, wish they had edgier merchandising, it was all mass produced crap.
Hope they clean up that area a bit more over the next few years (but not TOO Clean).
Lots of shady people and unscrupulous individuals are in the area.
A direct shuttle from the strip would be nice as well instead of taking the crackhead bus downtown!

This is a fantastic museum.
There is so much to see and so much to learn.
The displays were informative.
It was hard not to spend the time reading every single one of them.
Definitely a must-see museum on the history of the mob.
It was very nicely done.

Not being an older person (over 60), I didn't think I would find all the exhibits on the 50's too exciting.
I was hoping for a more modern peek into the gangster lifestyle.
Luckily, there was a decent display on my era's gangster - John Gotti.
They had his jacket and info on his life and death.
A cool section was right at the end also where a giant lounge was created to watch clips of the great mafia movies of all time.
I also liked the part where normal guys talked about accidently running into mob figures.
Also, worth seeing in my mind was the "Mob's Greatest Hits" section which contained graphic photos of all the ways these guys bit the dust and stories of things I grew up with like "where is Hoffa" and all the rackets these mafiosa's were corrupting.
The entire top floor can basically be skipped unless you want a history of the building of the Hoover dam and how Las Vegas was settled.
The courtroom was used to show films of the hearings held in that same room.
but there must have been a lack of things to do back in 1950 because nothing seemed to get accomplished in the hearings.
Make sure you get a photo of you in the lineup or at the machine gun.
Interactive exhibits needed some work.
It's worth the $10 locals price and does give you some insight into the mob activities, but the fact that Gotti and others besides Siegel and Lansky are touched upon, makes the difference.
If you go when it's crowded, it won't be fun.
Rooms are small and a tight squeeze if mobbed by tourists.

Living in Vegas, there are a PLETHORA of fusty old-timers who just LOVE to ramble on and on about how much better things were "When the Mob Ran Vegas.
" Whenever I hear one of these windbags utter that preamble...I fucking RUN.
As far as I can.
I'm sick to death of hearing how much "better" it was when a bunch of thugs ran the town!!
Maybe I'm just jealous (OK, I am TOTALLY jealous), but if it was so great back then, why don't you get in a time machine and leave the rest of us forward-thinking types to our business?!?!?!
Still, I love reading about crazy goombahs and their wacky, murderous hijinks...and this museum definitely caters to that!
To their credit, though, they don't glamorize the Mafia -- they document it, gory death photos and all.
Yay for realism!
Other reviewers note that the top floor is "boring" or should be skipped.
Say what?!!
This floor showcases the old-tyme history of Vegas, and how gambling and illicit activities gained footholds out here -- I'd say that's pretty fuckin' relevant!
Take some Adderall and deal with it -- this is a MU-SE-UM.
Stay home and jerk off to the Sopranos if it's too boring for ya!
The rest of the museum is all the typical mobster-fanboy b.s., but it's presented in a really cool, creative way that never felt stale or boring to me.
And I get bored VERY easily!
My only complaint was that they close at 8pm.
Whaaaaaaaaaa?!
In VEGAS?!
I got there at 6:30 and had to pretty much haul ass through all the exhibits, so as to see everything before they kicked me out.
I'm a fast reader, so I was able to git r done pretty well.
But ideally, I think you should allocate about 3 hours to this museum.
After touring the museum, I continued the Mob Shtick with dinner at Oscar's Beef, Booze & Broads...a sort of mob-themed steakhouse nearby.
Might as well make a night of it, ya know?!
Overall, I was DEFINITELY impressed by the quality of this place.
I expected far cheesier...but this is actually a world-class museum.
Good job, guys!

This was the highlight of our trip.
Amidst the clanging machines and the NASCAR fans late night whoop whoops in the casino, the bang-bang of the machine guns was a welcome respite!
Seriously, the Mob Museum has so much to offer to the most enamored and infatuated mafia wanna-bes (it's romantic) and to those who have a genuine thirst for knowledge and history.
There are so many different types of media to view, old newspaper clippings, mob memorabilia, FBI files, films on "hits", "Hollywood", old Vegas, senate hearings, and interactive exhibits.
You start on the top floor in a "line up" where the museum page will take a picture of you along side four others.
As you wind through the top floor maze, there is so much to read about the history of the mob (throughout the world and Vegas).
It gets a little dizzying and the information is overwhelming.
I just started scanning everything, then went to picking and choosing the parts that interested me the most.
Had I stayed and read each little piece (and I am a fast reader), I doubt we would have left before the building closed for the evening (and we arrived at 10:30 am).
The second floor houses a courtroom that presented Senate hearings.
Not only interesting, but it provided the ability to sit a spell after standing throughout most of the top floor.
The second floor continues the story of the mob "connections" and the individual infamous mobsters.
By the time you get to the first and last floor, you pretty much know what happened to all of them, and the status of the "mob" in today's world.
We took about three hours to see everything, which included watching all the films and listening to most of the information displays, playing with the machine gun, the interactive "shooting the bad guy" exhibit, and a quick tour through the gift shop.
Definitely worth the price of admission and then some!

This was a hit with my guests.
There were 7 of us ranging in age from 13-72 and everyone enjoyed.
Though most were from out of town, the gentleman that waited on us explained they only needed one ID, so he would give us all the Nevada discounted ticket price.
Very nice.
This easily took at least three hours for us to get through and some of the interactive parts were the most popular - shooting tommy guns, playing video trivia and participating in a video-police training exercise.
Tip - The parking lot ($3) was full, so the attendant had us park in the old bus station lot next door.
It is now home to the new downtown farmers market, is free parking AND only a few steps away.

I've been to a lot of Museums.
For the price of admission, $18 bucks a ticket (I'm not a local) I was disappointed.
Staff was super nice with directing everyone where to explore next.
I like the location, it's off the strip and in a the historic courthouse, but that's where it stops for me.
They charged for parking, which didn't seem right to me, the Museum should have had parking for the guests.
Most of the displays are pictures mounted on walls.
They had a little "show" in one of the courtrooms with lights going off but it didn't hold my attention and was waiting for it to be over with.
They did have some mob evidence of different items, but I was expecting a lot more.
I felt underwhelmed going through the exhibit because I knew I could find most of these pictures online.
Gave it two stars because I didn't learn anything new.

"Sometimes I'm asked if my family was in the mafia.
That's only slightly inappropriate"  This is a brand spanking new museum that opened in February 2012 in the the old Court House/Post Office building in Downtown Vegas.
A highly entertaining and very well done museum, I think most people will get a lot out of the interactive exhibits and aptly told history here.
Interactive includes: Try to (simulated) fire a real machine gun.
Stand in a police line up and get your picture taken.
You can even sit in an actual electric chair that was used to execute more than 500 prisoners.
It's bursting with mob memorabilia: Guns,clothing, videos, pictures, and documents.
The three floors here have great production values and displays, and will keep you interested throughout.
Pros - Reasonably priced - All new and contemporary museum - Super well researched and factoid filled!
Cons: - It is intensely graphic.
As in way way too much for young children.
If you do take sub-teens, I would avoid certain rooms, especially the end of the exhibit - It may suck you in and suddenly 3 hours are gone  I would definitely divert a few hours away from the casino or strippers, and enjoy a really interesting part of Americana.

Great museum and not really that expensive.
Try to go with a teacher or a Nevada resident and you can get a good discount.
As a teacher, this place really does a great job interesting all types of people, but still has accurate info.
There are plenty of interactive features that add to the experience.
The video they make you watch it worth the 9 minutes too.
Tons of primary sources and great graphic photos!!
Love this place and will go back

The Mob Museum opened earlier this spring, and I have to say that the people who designed all the exhibits did a superb job of telling the story history of the Mafia.
You'll start on the third floor and start working your way down, and there are quite a few interactive exhibits, such as the simulated machine gun, standing in a police line-up and having your photo taken, and being in the actual electric chair that was used to execute over 500 prisoners.
Midway through, you'll view a 9 minute video in the courtroom on the second level.
Lots of value and history, but it is intensely graphic at times, so those who don't or can't tolerate such material probably should not visit the Mob Museum.
Very well researched, videos are informative and really exceeded my original expectations and doubts about the museum.
It's $18 for adult admission and I would say allow at least 1-1/2 or even 2 hours to get through the entire museum.
Yes, it may sound expensive (as I also initially thought), but this is clearly a world-class museum and I really hope it gets the attention that it deserves, since this is a part of history after all.
Parking right outside the museum is $3 if you choose to go there.

Who isn't a fan of the mob?
Well I guess some people aren't, but I am, sort of.
What I mean is, if I could have lived the glamorous mob lifestyle - you know, shiny new Caddilac, hanging out with the boys, wife during the week, girlfriend for the weekend(J/K), special treatment wherever I go, people scared of me, that kind of thing, minus all the death and dying and jail, wouldn't that be something?
Instead of all that, I can go to the Mob Museum and fantasize all I want, but also knock my ass back to reality in case I ever get a strong urge to go whack somebody.
I should probably make sure I get the OK anyway, right?
The Mob Museum is in Downtown Las Vegas in the old courthouse/post office.
The way it works is, you purchase your tickets on the first floor and you start on the third floor and work your way down.
It's a self guided tour that starts with a fun picture opportunity where you get to pretend you're in a line-up with other criminals behind the tinted one-way glass.
The tour basically takes you through the history of the mob chronologically, with artifacts and videos to look at and watch, and includes some very interesting things that I have never known, such as, the numbers of people in the Mafia who served in the Armed Forces, or who had family who served.
Interestingly enough, O'Hare airport is named after the WWII naval flying ace Edward Henry O'Hare, whose father is none other than Edward Joseph O'Hare, former lawyer/partner-in-crime to Al Capone.
There's so much to see and learn, if you really want to get the most out of your money, you should plan to spend a minimum of 2 hours to get from the top to bottom.
If I was here alone, I would probably spend 4 hours here so that I could really take it all in.
After this you should probably go to Mermaid's and get a fried twinkie or something.

Wonderful way to spend a Saturday morning, locals can get in for $10, it's self guided so you can go through at your own pace and there are interactive exhibits that allow you a chance to shoot a "Tommy gun", bet on a poker game while answering trivia questions, or even draw on an assailant.
There is a rich history with a lot of pictures, some a little bit gruesome.
It took us about 2 hours to stroll through, there are a few benches and places to sit, but few and far between.
Overall a great place to enjoy with family and friends.

Bring your reading glasses and comfortable shoes, good layout, but tons of information to be read.
I burnt out by the time I got back to the first floor.
I live in Las Vegas so it only cost me 10 dollars compared to 18 for tourists (ouch!
) Now I am going to go home and take some tylenol for the headache due to the information overload : )

What a better way to spend a Sunday afternoon than at the National Museum of Organized Crime and Law enforcement.
At $10 for locals this is a worth while museum to visit.
We spend 2 and a half hours but I would recommend at least 3 hours maybe even more.
You start on the third floor in a historic newly renovated post office.
You get to experience being in a police line-up and the best part is that they take your picture using your cell phone so you don't have to spend a ton on a souvenir photo.
you go through almost a timeline from where the mafia beginnings, the impact prohibition had on organized crime, the history of how Las Vegas came to be and the FBI's efforts on the war against the Mafia.
As much as I enjoy reading I loved the interactive exhibits.
I had goose bumps listening to actual police recordings of detrimental wire taps that were used to take down the Mob.
You are able to shoot a gun in a police simulation.
Sit in a electric chair.
One section they had actual pictures of murder scene.
This exhibit is not for the faint of heart.
But it was true to the Mob lifestyle.
This museum has an amazing collection and it's put together well using a lot of new technology like touch screens.
They even had a hologram presentation of one of the court proceedings for one of the mob cases.
So the real question is who's side are you on?
The Mob or Law Enforcement.
Frankly The Mob seems like a more glamorous lifestyle.

Organized crime, the mob, Mayor Oscar Goodman, all of these things conjure up in my head when I think about my trip the The Mob Museum, plus it was a fun experience, and yes, educational as well!
I like the interactive aspects of the museum, and although I did not read everything on all the walls, I appreciate how much effort went into the informative side of the museum.
The fact that there are many ways to interact and learn about the subject matter is a refreshing new twist on a way to visit a museum.
You could spend HOURS in the museum if you really wanted to.
There are 3 floors, so don't look at the building and think "that's too small for a museum!".
They really have taken the space and made it into something special, while still keeping the historic court room (which is why this building is registered).
For $10 for locals this is a complete bargain for something fun to do when you're bored.
Even tourists will love The Mob Museum, I think the entry fee for them is $18.
I think that too it a pretty decent price for being able to leisurely walk through a museum with such fun subject matter.
The one thing that rubbed me the wrong way is the payment/check-in process.
If you pay with a card you get 2 receipts, a wrist band, AND a ticket.
I stopped to shove all my stuff in my purse, except the wrist band, took the time to put it on (myself) and then as I approached the woman who would let us into the museum she requested my actual ticket, which had been shoved into the depths of my purse!
So, I had to rummage around for it.
Pick one or the other Mob Museum - ticket or wristband.
Too many of these things makes the process of getting in annoying.

was a fun thing to visit while in vegas this past weekend, the only drawback is it gets crowded and there is little parking.
I love all the information and pictures, expect to spend a few hours here if you are going to see and read all the info.
Would go back in the future.

We were all gung ho to go until we got to the door and found out that strollers were not allowed.
You are expected to carry your kids....I THINK NOT!
Now if they had mentioned this on their website we would have known about this up front.
We went to the Mob Experience at the Tropicana instead.
They are kid friendly!

I visited the museum with my son and brother.
Having grown up in Chicago we had much exposeure to news of the Mob and it's local activities.
It was very informative with photos, court documents, evedience.
It was worth the 10 dollars for locals, and maybe a little high at 18 for guest to Las Vegas.
A good area to have a meal or drink before or after your visit.

I hadn't planned on coming here while I was in town, but I'm so glad I made the trip!
It was one of the highlights of my stay!
This place is so well put together.
It's educational, but so much fun that you forget you're learning some seriously cool history.
There's an actual courtroom that was used back in the day that now serves as a little show room.
You can sit in the same benches as former mobsters.
Wicked cool.
I loved learning a little more about those famous mobsters I've heard about through the movies and such.
My favorite part was finding out that one of my favorite casinos had serious mob ties - so cool!
There is an area that is more graphic and shouldn't be visited by young children (although some parents in attendance didn't seem to agree with me....hey you - take yo' kids outta here!).
Interactive, modern and such a great way to spend an afternoon!
I felt like a serious bad-ass when I got to shoot a bad guy in the police simulator.
Yes, it's a bit spendy, but it is a non-profit and well-worth your time.
DO IT!

I suppose I could have given this place three stars, but COME ON...its the MOB MUSEUM!
It could have been totally cheesy and they could have gotten away with it, but they didn't.
They presented interesting, interactive exhibits.
Here's the DL:  - $3 parking - kind of messed up - sure, you could walk a few blocks from the casinos, but at 100 million degree heat, you'll want to get as close as possible.
- $18 admission for nonresidents.
Not cheap.
But probably less than you would have blown at the craps table.
- Beautiful old courthouse.
Glad to see something in Vegas was saved from the wrecking ball.
- There is a certain repetitiveness to the exhibits.
I swear I saw the same exact thing mentioned in a slightly different way on each floor.
I think this is because they have a lot of old people visit.
They have long-term memories, not short-term ones.
- They have a couple of silly, fun, interactive exhibits.
You can experience what it is like to stand behind the glass in a criminal lineup or shoot a tommy-gun.
- As another yelper mentioned, there is a lot of really basic mob stuff that even a person with the most basic knowledge of the genre should know.
Still, there are some really cool facts thrown in there.
Plus, they dispel some common mob myths, like the fact that they were above getting in the drug trade.
-If you ask the staff at the beginning of the tour how long it will take, they will tell you 2 - 3 hours.
That may be an exaggeration, but I still wouldn't go in with an empty stomach.
(You can come back inside once you've bought your ticket, but who are you kidding - once you've left are you really coming back?
) - Careful with the kids.
There are definitely some graffic images.
Again, it is a MOB MUSEUM.
What would you expect but shootings, bombings, hangings, stabbing, extortion, skimming, liquor, drugs and more shooting?
Ah, Vegas...

SO awesome!!
It's $10 ($8 off) for locals and definitely well worth the money!
Can't beat it and the people there are really nice.
There's 3 levels of things to see and there is SO much to see!
One of my favorite parts was watching the video in the court room, sitting there thinking wow.. so many people have been in/out of this room.
I most definitely would like to go back since it is genuinely interesting and well put together.
Love it!

Very thorough, goes in depth about all aspects of mob history as well as cool insight into Vegas history (which is all kind of intertwined anyway!).
Great museum and lots of modern exhibits.

Is it bad that even after I spent 2 hours in here and saw the mob for all of its glamour and horror..there is still a little part of me that wants to be part of it??
After all the hubbub about building this place, I am so glad they did.
It is going to become one of the biggest attractions in Vegas soon.
It is well done, well organized, engaging, and interesting.
If you go here, give yourself a lot of time!
There are 3 levels of exhibits and I spent 2 hours here.
And I would have spent longer reading all of the information in depth, but my husband and father in law were hungry.
There are so many interactive moments in this museum like shooting a Tommy Gun, lifting up the window on a brothel for more info (felt like a Peeping Tom!
), the computerized model of the strip where you can zoom mobsters around on these hockey puck things and then they expand to show info about that particular person (I seriously played with that thing for about 20 minutes alone), and some nice, plush red theater seats where they show you the history of mobsters on film.
And I can't forget the actual courtroom where real trials were held.
They show this reenactment of a trial on three different screens, so you get a kind of 3D effect.
The wall of pictures showing all the gruesome deaths of mobsters was fascinating and terrifying.
I also really like the part at the end where they tell you secret mob code words.
At the end when you go through the gift shop, I was really tempted to buy all sorts of stuff!
Especially the dog toy shaped like a flask that says, "Booze Hound.
"   Oh!
And prices!
Locals are $10, but we bought a membership for $50 which gets us free admission for a year, plus any out of town guests get the locals rate, PLUS you can write it off on your taxes because it's technically a charitable contribution!
So excited for this place to blow up in popularity!

This museum is amazing!
It doesn't judge, but presents facts in context with the time period.
There's info about the beginnings of the mob, the feds who chased them and info about who and how Vegas was formed.
They said it would take about 2 1/2 hours, we laughed to ourselves and thought they were crazy.
FOUR HOURS later...  our brains were full, we were informed and entertained and found ourselves in a great gift shop.
There is some graphic material, crime scene photos, etc.
But the majority of those are in a section that says, Caution Graphic material.
I think on average, children under age 9 might not enjoy this as much as older kids would.
Having said that I would take any child here and be prepared to explain at their level what they are seeing and plan to do it in 2 hours, rather than 4.
Do not miss this!

You can test your sharp shooting skills at the FBI training room or indulge in red velvet booths in the theater.
It was pretty cool to sit in the courtroom that launched Oscar Goodman's career.
Of course in my case I was surrounded by Yelpers and the best cupcakes ever so whats not to love.

I'm not really at all interested in any mafia or mob history but I will say this place was set up in a way to draw in your interest in the story of the beginning and downfall of these crime organization.
I will admit, it became entertaining and a plus to the displays that were interactive which helps drawing you in.
I'm also into vintage stuff, so the displays that were from the 50s-70s really caught my attention like a kid in toys R us.
The museum presents the lifestyle and ways without being prejudice towards the corrupt and those seeking to put these retro hustlers behind bars and the cool electric chair which was on display!
There was that kid in me that wanted to sit on it so badly, make a face and have someone take a picture but I was trying to play it cool.
Dang it missed my opportunity!
I love the fact that this place was set in downtown because the history of how mobs in Vegas began in the historical casinos can still be seen just a walk away.
The museum itself was the actual courtroom where trials took place.
I sat in the courtroom pretending I was in Judge Judy.
There are plenty of gruesome graphic material that I don't recommend for kids but then again I don't recommend the city as a whole for a family theme vacation spot with all the crazy stuff and drunks that rule the strip.
Pictures of dead bloody bodies don't bother me but it may rub some people the wrong way.
I recommend that you do check this place out at least one time and bring your best mob outfit and just say you work in there to get in for free.
And oh yea, the flasks back in the days were big as hell.
I wonder how one can sneak that in the club!

It was fun.
Lots to read.
Felt a little rushed to get through it but it was interesting.
The line up photo was great.

WOW!
So much information!
I loved the interactive learning and the creative ways to get visitors involved.
Very hands on.
Sometimes a bit overwhelming with all the noise and different audio going on.
We spent 2 hours there and could have been there longer.
The line up photo booth was fun!
We learned a lot!

I love this place!
3 floors of REALLY good mob history to oohhh and aaahhh about!
Amazing work they've done here.
I love going to museums, and especially if it's a museum with things that fascinate me.
I've been a big fan of the Boardwalk Empire show on HBO, so coming here made it an extra bonus for me!
Firstly, you need MORE than a day to go through all the historical artifacts, play the interactive games, and read all the information.
You'll read all the info on Frank Costello, Al Capone, Lucy Luciano, Oscar Goodman, and more than 150 mobsters around the world!
You'll learn how they died what the significance of how they died represents, how you get initiated into the family, and what kind of crimes they get themselves into.
My personal favorite artifact is the courtroom.
It is all the original pieces from the same courtroom that Estes Kefauver of Tennessee had done all of the great hearings against some great mobsters like Frank Costello.
Could you imagine sitting in the benches, and thinking about how Frank Costello sat RIGHT IN FRONT a long time ago?
It's pretty amazing.
Anyway, what's great about this museum is that it's not just artifacts and reading a bunch of stuff.
You're interacting with a lot of their fun interactive features, playing games, listing to actual phone taps, hiding in crate boxes.
It really gives you an idea how and what it's like to be a mobster or be an officer who fights crime.
It's good for everyone, especially people who are more into looking at pictures and playing with things than reading.
Can't wait to go back and finish looking at all of the stuff I missed!
Also, note.
$10 for locals and I think $18 for regular priced.

The mob museum is a great way to spend a day in las Vegas outside of the casinos and other adult themes entertainment venues.
The history is educational and captivating through the entire exhibit.
Learn about the infancy of the mafia and the rise to power of your favorite dead mobsters.
Large color pictures, videos and interactive displays will keep you interested for hours as you make your way through this 3 story museum.
The museum ends with a video and display about mob movies and the most famous mobsters from film and tv.
You could spend 1 hour or 6 hours touring the museum and then a bit more time in the awesome gift shop.
If you're a local, you might as well get the annual pass because you will likely be back.

Ok, didn't know what to expect.
First of all, the fare was decent.
Next, three floors of exhibits about the origins of organized crime in America, in Las Vegas, and the FBIs and other LEOs work to combat it.
What was impressive is that the exhibits did not glamorize the Mob nor the police.
It was handled very well and very factual.
The buildings the old Federal Court House and Post Office.
Thus the building was worth seeing in and of itself.
There were two authors signing books which happens on many weekend apparently, and a great speaker that day.
This was well worth the time to see.

I'm totally interested in anything Mob/Mafia related, so when I read about this place, I was uber excited!
It did not disappoint!
Lots of information...three floors worth to be exact.
It took us a little over two hours to go through, so allow yourself plenty of time.
I didn't even think the $18 per person admission was bad either.
Even the gift shop was reasonably priced.
Heads up, they do have a private parking lot for a $5 fee.
I recommend this place 100%!

This museum was really cool!
It is different from most stuff you'll see or do in Vegas.
Not for the weak of stomach however, lots of pictures of people who'd been "whacked".
I don't think I would take children there, teenagers for sure, but under 13 they might have some nightmares (I however, don't think Vegas is a place for children at all but that's just me.
Nothing about Vegas seems appropriate for children)  The best part was having your picture taken in a line up at the beginning, they even use your own camera so you don't have to pay extra, I thought that was super nice.
It takes about 3 hours to get threw the whole thing but they give you a bracelet so you can come and go for the whole day.
Super easy to get to, just ride The Deuce to the very last stop!

This was a great place to visit.
I spent nearly 3 hours going through the various exhibits.
The interactive stuff was update technologically and unique.
The spin was more from a law enforcement angle rather than glorifying the mob.
Nice tie in to role the mob played in the early days of Las Vegas.
Clean, well lit, and lots to see.
Highly recommended!

My friend and I were super excited to come and visit this museum on our recent Vegas trip.
After touring this museum, I can say it was A-OK.
There were some really cool things, and there were some things I didn't care for.
It was alright, glad I visited, but I wouldn't visit again.
The good:  I LOVED the building that the museum is housed in.
It was built in 1933 and it was originally a post office and courthouse.
The original details are all still there and it is just a gorgeous building, from the old PO Boxes when you enter, to the marble floors, to the old doors and original elevators.
Super cool building.
I enjoyed learning about the Kefauver Hearings as I had never heard of them before.
The video we watched was very interesting and I thought it was great that the hearing was actually held in the room you sit in to watch the video.
I like that the old courtroom still looks the way it did back then.
You can take pictures of everything!
I thought that was awesome as so many museums don't allow you to take pictures of anything.
That was a definite plus.
Every person that worked there was happy and very friendly and helpful.
You can tell they were all excited to be at work!
The not as good:  Maybe my expectations were too high, but I expected there to be more STUFF to look at.
This place is at least 75% pictures on the wall.
No real artifacts.
And the stuff they did have?
Much of it was not labeled, so I didn't know what the hell I was looking at.
For example, towards the end of the tour, there is a glass case with pajamas, a belt with money in it, and other items.
I don't have a clue who that stuff belonged to.
Modern day mob?
After we left my boyfriend was asking if the mob is still around?
They don't discuss that at all.
Of course they aren't going to tell us what the FBI is currently working on, but there could have been some mention of present day.
Instead they leave you with pop culture mob - outfits Tony Soprano wore, the Casino script - cool, but not real mob stuff.
Like I said, it was A-OK.
I say it is worth checking out if you have the time - we were there about two hours.
Admission is $18 and I think parking was $5.
Definitely cheaper than what you would spend in a casino in two hours!

Crowded on the Saturday we went and sometimes felt rushed.
Parking is $3 for lot or meter on the street.
LOTS to read and look at...very interactive.
If you're going to go, make sure the kids are older (lots of graphic stuff around) and ready for a long stay.
There's so much to read and experience, we'll probably have to make a second trip.

This is a great museum - so new and very well done - it felt different from other older museums.
There's lots of multi media and it's very interactive.
Very well-taken care of and put together - keeps you entertained!
The staff is great - very helpful.
There's so much to look at I wasn't sure where to start on each floor!
We went early so we got parking beside the building.
Don't miss the courtroom - very cool.
Great gift shop too.
I'm a little confused about one review that said there were no artifacts - I saw tons of them.
There are a few graphic pics, but they warn you ahead of time and give you another way to go if you don't like that stuff, or if you have young children.

A thorough and well-produced museum.
A bit pricey at $18 plus $5 for parking.

The museum is definately worth visiting when in Vegas.
It is located downtown a few blocks from the Fremont Street area.
The museum has only been open a few months and everything appears new and in working order.
It is divided into three sections over three floors.
It begins with a history of the mob segues into the history of Las Vegas, through prohibition and World War II and beyond.
I would estimate to fully take in the information will take about three to four hours and is well worth the time.
I must say that I learned quite a bit from the museum and was surprised that they were able to acquire the artifacts used to tell the story.
The use of media also helped to explain the story of the mob.
The fact that the museum is in Las Vegas helps the visitor to absorb the experience closer to the source.
The staff is terrific and helpful in every way.
Do not miss this magnificent experience when visiting LV.

This place is not worth the money!
Not by a long shot.
The admission is $18 per person plus $5 parking.
(no validations)  Nearly all of the information gleaned at the museum can be derived by watching Godfather, Donnie Brasco and two or three other mob films.
There is nothing new or groundbreaking presented.
A museum should be envisioned and put together by scholars and experts on the subject matter, not by novices who have little more than a pop-culture knowledge base of information.
The museum had nice displays of pictures that spanned entire wall lengths accompanied by quotes from movies or newspapers.
Then there were 3-4min snippets of a documentary apparently produced by the museum where people were interviewed "shed light" on the topic near most displays.
Topics included: once you are in the mob you are in for life, don't rat on your friends, during prohibition gangsters smuggled alcohol, Al Capone was found guilty of tax evasion, mobsters organizations started within immigrant communities, etc.
Come on, tell us something we dont know.
Then there might be a display containing "artifacts".
However there are hardly any real artifacts in the entire museum.
One display contained a generic gun, ice pick, hammer, etc.
none of the items were attributed to any particular mobster or trial.
The message was just "mobsters chose to kill a variety of ways".
Again, this is news????
I had to ask myself, "Why am I here, to see a gun that belonged to no one and wasn't used in any heist, and look at pictures that are available online and watch a documentary?
Come on people!
I want my money back!
Another display had an outfit that James Gandolfini wore on the Sopranos and one that Steve Buscemi wore (the plaque doesn't say so, but purportedly it is from Boardwalk Empire).
This type of display passes for an exhibit at this museum.
I want to see genuine artifacts, which were sorely lacking.
Where are the real mobsters' clothes?
Weapons?
Subpoenas?
Personal items?
I can probably go to a pawn shop in Vegas and see some of those.
The "museum" has none.
One magnet in the gift shop stated something to the effect of "I went to the mob museum and I didn't see nothin'".
Sadly, it is true, you won't see nothin'!
There were positives: It was clean, the building was nice, the staff was very friendly and made sure we were comfortable (it makes me wonder if they wrote all of those positive reviews on this site!
), they have air-conditioning.
But all in all it was not worth the time or money.

This place is well worth the cost of admission ($18.00 for adults and $12.00 kids under 17 years)!
If you have time to spare (maybe 3-4 hours), you will learn alot about mob history, everything from it's origins, law enforcement tactics, it's effects on Las Vegas, the key players, and so much more.
We were absolutely fascinated with the level of detail regarding all facets of the mob.
The museum is well put together, which keeps you engaged.
There are films, interactive activities, and great artifacts that make visiting an interesting experience.
This is a must see for all who are mafia movie buffs and interested in mob history.
There is so much to read, we actually stayed for a few hours, left and came back (admission is good for the entire day).

Expect to do A LOT of reading.
A lot, a lot, a loooooooot of reading.
Like another reviewer said, I expected to be looking at stuff.
More interesting little collectibles would have been awesome, but instead its more like:   "I'm trying to read 25 giant paragraphs on this one wall and I have a line of people behind me, some of whom are getting entirely too close at the moment...."  It was information overload.
I would have appreciated more artifacts and I was hungry for more explanations of how the real stories compare to what we've seen on tv/movies.
They only showed this in a short clip in a theater-type room.
It bummed me out that I spent my own money on this...(and that walking here from Binion's actually melted my dang flip flops!

A little bit out of the way, but I recommend visiting this 3 story museum about the making, the success, and then the fall of the mob.
Although it's not the typical picture or sculpture museum, I did find it very informative and interesting.
It takes a certain personality to like this type of stuff, but I personally loved absorbing the history.
If you're a big fan of large museums like the MET or Museum of Natural History in NYC, I don't think you should come here for a quaint and slightly corny series of exhibits filled with old photos and videos.
I must say that I am impressed with their use of tablets and video throughout the museum - it's a bit unnecessary, but I appreciate the use of technology in these cases.
I'm sure most people can get through this in 1.5 hours and kids will probably be bored after 45 minutes, but there are always those finatics that read every exhibit and enjoy every moment of it.
Plus, if you ever want to get away from the strip and see some old school downtown Vegas, it isn't a bad idea to drop by.
$12 students!

This is a five star museum.
I seriously can NOT give this less than five stars.
It opened this year, 2012, in February, and you can tell that a lot of time and money was put in to the development of it.
It is still in pristine condition and let me say, it is fantastic.
I have to say that the beauty of this museum is that they made it interesting for everyone in the simple fact that no matter what YOUR way of learning is, there is something that will pique your interest.
You will discover the mafia connection in the United States from the early 1900s to the present, in print, in artifacts, in videos, and in sound.
It is three stories of amazing detail and experiences.
You'll hear from mafiosos and FBI agents.
You'll see movies and you'll hear real wiretaps.
You'll see the actual clothes worn in the golden age of Vegas Wiseguys and the actual barber chair that Albert Anastatsia was shot in.
The show in the ACTUAL courtroom where the Kefauver hearings took place was really wonderful.
There was only one thing that we saw that was a problem and that is they haven't finished adding all of the tags that tell you what things are.
For example, there is a graphic exhibit that discusses murders and the weapons used and the weapons are not labeled.
This is an area they are still completing.
It's still awesome to see, but I can't wait until they have that finished.
We visited this museum and paid our $18 a head to get in ($14 for seniors!).
We spent, approximately, 1 hour per floor on three floors that gave us the history of the mob from the top floor down to today.
It was one of the best museums I have visited and I highly recommend anyone visiting Vegas take some time to take a look at this.
I loved it and will probably visit again in the future.
Really... do this  But, I don't recommend for children.
It's an adult experience.

I adore museums--you could probably put a placard on a hoard of trash and it would elicit at least three stars from me.
This museum, however, exceeded the wildest expectations for the history lover/cultural studies major in me.
My family and I stayed over three hours and we could not possibly have covered all the detail inside the exhibits in that time.
My brain got tired with all the information around every corner.
It was worth the $10 locals admission price.
However, it was a bit crowded (being Labor Day, I suppose) and I would have liked a little more space to not feel as rushed throughout the exhibit.
Good thing I became a member for only $15 more so that I can go back throughout the year for free and do more exploring.
Some of the displays, however, did not have explanations by them.
It was a few times throughout but I am remembering one towards the end of the museum that was a display of clothes and artifacts but had zero explanation of what they were.
Some of the museum is pretty graphic, and not just in the "graphic content" section, which is something to be cognizant of.
I thought that I was pretty strong when it comes to seeing pulverized human remains, but I was not, and I pretty much went lightning speed through that section.
A definite stop on a more "cultured" Las Vegas visit, though perhaps not on a holiday.

I've always been fascinated with history, especially the type of history that isn't memorialized in textbooks....the Mob Museum connected many dots and I finally understand how the term "syndicate" related to the string of nationwide dirty businesses.
From the Abercrombie & Fitch false bottom tote designed to smuggle flasks of illegal booze, getting up close and personal to actual Tommy guns, the brick wall from the Valentine's Day massacre, and what's got to be the largest collection of photos of mobsters and their murdered victims, the 3+ hours I spent flew by.
The many stories were told through clever video, audio, and cases of artifacts.
As a graphic designer, I was impressed with the attractive and thoughtful displays as I meandered through the three floors.
I also enjoyed the interviews caught on video with the FBI agents and mobster associate survivors.
I was able to capture many of the displays on my camera which usually unHEARD of at most museums!
So worth the $18!

I went here on a Saturday afternoon, with my sis-in-law, my one year old nephew and her friend.
Admission was 10 bucks for locals...
I am fascinated with the mob/organized crime families..They have exhibits featuring all the major crime families, their sphere of infulence.
Oscar Goodman has a small section, our beloved mayor was an attorney for the mob..I had a client, an elderly lady that was in her 80s.. She would tell me stories how she would have mob family meetings in her home in MT Charleston... Two movies that are a favorite  are casino and goodfellas... You notice Joe Pesci, gets whacked in both films.. Well anyhow, i went thru the  entire museum stopping at all the exhibits..
I spent a good 3 hrs in here and could of spent more time, if it werent for a near 2 year old year old trying to get into the exhibits...Its not a big museum but it is packed with interesting displays.
I reccommend this for anyone that is interested in this genre...
Camera friendly place.. Hope this yelps

I thought this museum was excellent.
I really liked the interactive elements and the displays were very eye catching and informative.
The movie selections were great and offered you a chance to sit down and rest  for a minute.
My only complaint, and it's a positive one, is that there is too much to see and read!
we could have easily spent 4 or more hours in there.
Highly worth the visit.

Are you talking to me?
Are you talking to me punk?
Fohgettaboutit!!!
OK, if you are looking for an education and entertaining experience and you are downtown this is a must see.
I'm a local and I've been twice now (buy the lifetime pass if you aren't one you will be scolded by the staff if they learn this isn't your first time there)   The building is the actual court house where mobsters were put on trial a( the Kefauver trial reenactment is great and they allow you to sit and rest while you watch it a welcome break for you weary tourist) and they have done a most excellent job of keeping that history alive.
Most of the items and displays are full hands on interactive and you will find yourself slipping through time and engrossing yourself into the mobster lifestyle either by shooting a replica tommy gun or sitting in the actual electric chair (minus the electricity) you just cant leave this place with a smile on your face or something new that was learned on that trip.
A line I saw in a newspaper clipping said "The Museum presents organized crime's impact on Las Vegas history and its unique imprint on the world.
" I can't say it much better than that.
Its worth your time and effort to walk around; I'm a human sponge when it comes to new information and I spent over an hour on each floor making both of my trips last about 4 hours a piece.
And yes they have items they cycle in and out so don't worry there will be new items to see and learn about on every trip you make.

Wow, I did not realize how much there was to this place.
We planned on spending an hour here and ended up spending nearly 4 hours.
There is so much to learn about and a lot of interactive exhibits.
It seemed very unbiased toward both the mob and law enforcement and just focused on facts.
It's also nice that they give you a wristband, so if you want to take a break and walk to Fremont for a bite, you can come back and enjoy the rest of the museum.
Highly recommended, but definitely leave the kids with a sitter.
$10 for locals, $5 for parking which kinda sucked, but we could've found a free meter on Sunday and walked, especially in October now that it's cooled off :) I want to go again, and I have no doubt that I will see things I didn't see the first time around.

Since I heard this place was going to open, I've been wanting to go.
It's a museum about the mob.
And it's in the courtroom where the Kefauver trial actually happened years ago in Vegas.
What more do you need.
Now I know, for what it is, it might seem a bit pricey, but if this stuff interests you, it'll be worth the money and your time.
Their website recommends giving yourself at least 3 hours of time to go through everything.
Make the time.
Give yourself extra time.
Don't try to squeeze this in with a bunch of other stuff.
You'd be surprised how time flies.
There are plenty of exhibits and video.
Interviews and pictures.
There are tons of artifacts for you to look through.
There is also a gun shooting simulation room which is kinda fun if you've never shot a gun before.

Couple of things.
#1: This is NOT a kid-friendly museum.
LOTS of murder photos.
#2: If walking here from Fremont St., be aware of your surroundings.
It was 11am and there were all sorts of shady characters about.
Shady for Las Vegas, too!
This museum is m.e.t.i.c.u.l.o.u.s.
and BIG  We expected to spend an 1.5-2 hours in the museum, but that's how much time we spent on ONE floor (the museum is comprised of 3 floors).
The displays are beautifully done-- nicely designed and high quality (graphic designers notice these things).... but there just seemed to be a lack of STUFF.
Artifacts.
Oh there was a ton of information, sometimes presented in odd ways in what seemed to be an attempt to "fill space.
"  We were all mobbed out after two and a half hours and skimmed through the last half of it.
I love museums and sniff them out wherever I go, but this place could use a little editing.

Pros: * No kids * A lot of information about the mafia * Interesting interactive displays.
Cons: * cheesy videos * mostly reading, not many displays * not entirely about the mob * exhibits not labeled  Notes: The 3rd floor is really the only mob centric floor.
The rest is a mix of cops and Vegas.
It's still interesting but you get really tired of reading all the info.
There's probably a novels worth of reading in the museum.

A very Interesting place to go.
It is good to see such a historical and cultual site in the  world capital of gamling, and a root of the organized-crime in the land.
Their interactive hi-tech gadgets are worth-trying, fun and instructive.

It's so gangsta ... no really Gangster .
Take your time here lot's of history too take in , perhaps two or three hours .
I liked it .

EXCELLENT!
EXCELLENT!
EXCELLENT!..WOW..we were here 3 hours and only saw two of the floors..so much to see, read and experience..it was WONDERFUL..loved it!
PS..the parking costs $5.00 which I found to be a rip but we went at night ( 5-8pm)  and I didn't want to try and find a parking spot in that neighborhood.

I was able to visit the Mob Museum for free yesterday because it was Kefauver day,  as in kefauver from the United States Senate Special Committee to Investigate Crime in Interstate Commerce that was formed in the 50's to investigate organized crime.
One of the trials was held at the old U.S. Post Service and Federal Courthouse, which is now the musuem.
Anyway, kudos to the museum for allowing Nevada residents free access.
I can definitely say that there were some people in the crown who were going to purchase memberships.
I for one am considering it, they have a really cool party planned for Repeal Day.
The museum is really cool and well thought-out.
I believe I read in the NYTimes that the curator is the same curator for the Spy Museum in D.C.
There is a ton of information and videos on all of the crime families in the history of the U.S.
There are videos of undercover agents experiences, mobstersthat have entered witness protection, etc.
I've watched all the mafia movies that exist plus I am a big fan of Boardwalk Empire, so I kind of know my mobsters.
But for people that don't know much about the mob, the experience should be very informative.
It also givesyou a background about the old Las Vegas, and explains how it was destined from the start to attract these type of interests.
I must add that since we don't have too many museums in this city, this is a must-see for all of the locals.
We need to get out there and support our local talent and businesses!

One of the best museums I've ever experienced.
So informative with New and creative ways to demonstrate the information.
Super interactive.
So amazing.
I wouldn't recommend to lazy people who don't like reading.
But if you're a fan of learning, go, go, go!

Good museum but a lot of reading for vacation

If you like the mob and it's history, you will like this place.
It is held at what use to be our Post Office and Court.
Mobsters where convicted right there.
PARKING: Yes, they charge five dollars for parking.
Don't cry about it.
Go over to The Golden Nugget RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET, and get that parking validated for free.
Use your brain, you can outsmart them.
They have three floors, and it goes in order of the history of the Vegas mob.
They have cool attractions, such as a line up you can go into, a machine gun you can shoot, and a shooting room where you can play a scene and shoot someone with a real gun (that has been turned into a toy).
If you don't want your kids seeing bloody pictures, then don' t take them.
There's one are where they have graphic pictures, but they have the option of being able to bypass it if you want.

Keep in mind that this is a museum, and as such it was pretty museum-ey  It was interesting to see several artifacts from the old days, but I honestly got a little burned-out with all of the reading.
At first I really wanted to read every little sign, so that I wouldn't miss out on a single thing ...
But part way through the process I just started skipping a lot of it - and hoping that I was getting the best parts.
Overall it was good, but would probably be better in a small group - so that people in the group could bird-dog the most interesting pieces for each other.
It's only a minor issue (but still one that put a nasty taste in my mouth) was when my wife had to pay full price because she didn't have her 'local ID' with her.
I had already presented proper credentials, but couldn't convince the ticket taker of her legitimacy.

This was something my wife and I wanted to do for a few months.
We finally had the time and it was worth it if you can spare a few hours!
They had all kinds of stuff from back in the "mob" days to some more modern day as well.
A lot of the exhibits had great explanations but some didnt have any or really lacked some information to make it worth reading.
After a while though it was a little tiresome to read all the information and what not.
At first it was fun to read every sign but then it was just blah :-/  Id recommend it but dont think it has much "replay" value if we have family or friends in, we'd probably just send them and we'd stay home.
But id recommend it!

Really enjoyed my afternoon here.
My mom is in town and since my 9 yr. old has been asking a ton of questions about Las Vegas and mob connections, I figured this would be a good way to spend a day.
I wasn't wrong.
It was great.
My 11 yr. old was with us and I even had my 5 yr. old in tow.
They warned me at the ticket counter that there were graphic scenes of violence.
There were a few photos and videos that were a bit graphic but I kind of just steered my youngest away from those.
At one point, in the old courtroom, there is a video that shows some of the violence and I warned my son that it would be violent and spooky and he didn't have to watch.
He didn't.
Later there is a section that has a sign that warns of graphic content.
You can continue or exit and not walk through that portion.
My mom went ahead and walked through.
I went ahead and exited so my youngest wouldn't have to see.
My other two opted not to go into that part.
All of that aside, this place is huge.
It felt like it kept going and going.
There was so much to see that I'm going to have to go back and do it again.
I plan on going with just my husband so that we can really take our time.
Even my oldest was worn out by the end.
But I would have really taken my time if I could hav

This is a must see in Vegas!!!
So many great reviews about the Mob Museum.
I almost feel that my review isn't even necessary.
So, I will try to keep this one short.
I said "Try".
Bottom line, a great place to visit whether you're local or not.
But if you're local, you pay only half.
Make sure that you have ID because they verify and don't take your word.
Tons of fact, details, reading, and even the occasional mini-film.
The overall color (Red & Black), style, layout, and ease of this museum makes the time go quick.
Before you know it, you've been here for over 2 hours and still have more to look at.
Some interaction at this museum as well with touch screen facts, games, props, and quizzes.
Quick Suggestions: -Don't plan on making this a quick 30 minute tour.
I spent over 2 hours here and didn't feel like I got through everything.
I have to make another trip soon.
Very soon.
-Read up or watch a documentary on the Mafia before visiting this place.
This may take some time off all the reading at this exhibit.
-Park at Main Street and use your BConnect Rewards card for free parking.
I would suggest parking at the California or Binions with free validation.
But remember, you need at least 2 hours here.
-Admission comes with a bracelet that I assume is all day.
Maybe next time I will check out some of the details, grab a bite in one of the casinos, then head back to finish the self guided tour.
-Don't come here after spending a good 3 hours hiking.
Yes, I came here almost immediately after a hike in Red Rock.
I was tired, but the exhibit was interesting enough to get through it.

I could literally spend days here.. LOVE the exhibits, the stories and the artifacts.
I also loved that this is the original courthouse where the inquiries were held and that they incorporate that history into the tour.
Make sure to leave yourself plenty of time as it's three floors and there's lots to see, read and interact with... definitely time well spent!
It is a timed entry musuem and it was very crowded when we went so be aware that you can buy tix online.
Also, the parking lot is WAY too small and not free.. we had to park at a nearby casino parking garage and walk a bit but it was actually cheaper than the musuem's tiny lot.
Also a slight trick I figured out.. if you buy a membership for $25 you can buy additional tickets for the local price which is only $10 so for two people you can go in for $35 versus the normal $40 for 2 people entry fee and one of you will walk away with a year's membership!
You can thank me later.
;-)

After reading Mario Puzo's The Godfather at 19 years old, so began my fascination with all things related to the mafia and the lifestyle.
I've seen all the movies, married a man who is half Mexican/half Sicilian, and now have been to the best museum in Vegas.
I'm a local, and locals aren't normally found doing touristy things unless they have company.
Well, that's what brought us there.
The Sicilians came to visit for New Years.
The museum is three stories.
It will most likely take you up to 3 hours or more to get through it all.
There are countless hands-on exhibits and flat screen TV's with interviews streaming all over.
It is so cool to learn about all the fun facts about how Vegas started.
The gift shop is super cool.
You can actually buy a real meat tenderizer that looks like brass knuckles.
Classic!
BTW, locals get in for $10.
Bring your relatives here when they visit, they will thoroughly enjoy themselves.
It is walking distance from Fremont St Experience.
They have a lot next door for parking and it's $5 per car.
Remember, leave the gun...take the cannoli.

OK - You pass government laws that prevent someone from doing something that everyone wants to do.
The government cracks down on the people.
They say "Do not drink alcohol".
Prohibition starts.
As a result a well connected interstate mob comes into being - complete with bootlegging, guns, murders, and other criminal activity.
The government then starts a huge crack down....and puts many people in jail.
The mob helps to bring Las Vegas to the people; the government gets concerned.
This is what you see and hear about during your visit to the Mob Museum...
The museum is three floors, but still a small museum easily navigated in a few hours -  When you enter you will be directed to go to the top floor via the elevator and work your way down.
You can even participate in a prison line up -   The Mob Museum has nice movies and holographs.
Its close to Fremont Street so plan your visit in the winter in mid afternoon, so you can see the museum, have dinner, and then experience Fremont Street Experience as a fun day out if you are a tourist.
If you want to read each and every display you could spend hours here.
Its an interesting place to visit - and was on my list of things to do for my current Las Vegas trip.
We are glad we visited, but once seen, its not a museum I would revisit.
It leaves you with the thought of:  If the government had not had prohibition, would our American streets have been safer without the mob?
Its something we should all be careful about in terms of unintended consequences of legislative action.
I gave it 3 stars as I enjoyed it -  since it did not turn me into fan like some museums do.....but still well worth a visit if you have not gone before.

My grandfather was from Sicily... you do the math.
Was he connected?
I couldn't tell you if he was.
Needless to say, I had to check on this place to see if it was more than just a tourist trap.
First off, they make you pay $5.00 for parking- so plan accordingly.
I was also shocked to see they were charging $20.00 at the door for admission....
Seems a little steep!
But wait, there is hope.
Locals pay only $10.00- Ahhh that's more like it.
My family and I showed up around 3:00 pm on New Year's Eve and only had about 2 hours to get through everything.
That is flat out not enough time, as there is way too much going on.
There is information in print, video clips, simulations, and interactive games to play.
My head was spinning!
In my opinion, I thought this would be better served as a guided tour.
This way, someone could summarize the information for you and keep you moving at a steady pace.
I'd be looking at something, and realize that my family was in a different room checking something else out.
If I had one critique, it would be that I don't think this place is kid friendly enough.
Not so much the graphic pictures and videos, but there should be something for them to do.
I felt as though my smaller kids (3, and 10) were bored.
The gift shop at the end of the tour was a pleasant surprise.
Stocked with movies, books, and t-shirts, this got me in the mood to watch GoodFellas again.
"I'm not mad, I'm proud of you.
You took your first pinch like a man and you learn two great things in your life.
Look at me, never rat on your friends and always keep your mouth shut.

This place is weird.
It's in a beautiful old building - the post office I believe.
But I felt like someone took a big box of Mafia related information, threw it up in the air and then put it on the walls where it landed.
Over three floors I couldn't really determine any chronological order in the exhibit.
Sure there are some really cool artifacts - especially some of the video testimonials are great.
And while there is a lot of graphic stuff there (like photos of dead people after they'd been killed every which way possible) there is also stuff for kids (like machine guns to "shoot").
As I said: weird.
The guy working at the entrance was actually funny (and dressed like a movie mobster), the girl working the elevator was just annoying (I'm sure she thought she was funny - she was NOT).
Oh and $5 for parking?
Seriously???
For me I'd save my money and head to the Neon Museum instead!

Took a side trip to the Mob Museum while down on Fremont Street for the day on 2/12/13.
As someone who is a major fan of The Sopranos and Boardwalk Empire, this place really is a treasure trove of cool memorabilia and artifacts from that era, and you'll learn a ton about the Mafia.
If you watched those shows or ever seen a gangster film, you'll know exactly what I mean when I say that you get to meet these people even more closely and get to know how they rose up to the notorious men they came to be.
Personally, I found the neatest thing here to be the actual wall where the St. Valentines Day Massacre occurred.
Beyond that, their are a lot of other little things here and there, but keep in mind that this is a museum.
They try their best to make it as interactive as fun as possible, like the place where you can get your mugshot taken.
In total, I think my friends and I spent about an hour and a half walking through the self guided tour.
It's a really nice museum, and they upkeep it really well, considering the area it is in.
If your in the Fremont Street area, or a fan of gangster films and/or history, this is a great side trip attraction to spend a few hours in.

Mob 101, i learned heaps.
i think we spent 3hrs there.
lots of reading & well-produced short films.
i dig mobsters, so i dug this experience.
once is  enough for me unless they add on to it.
if you play dopey slots, this $19.95 history lesson will save you some serious dough.
Al Capone's my favorite

A must see when in Vegas.
It is about a 20 minute cab ride  from the strip but well worth it.
It is a tastefully compiled collection of mafia life from its inception to it's current form.
Make sure you are free for 3-4 hours because that's how long it will take you to complete all 3 floors of this fascinating museum.
After your done, your a block away from a Freemont St. visit.

This is a must see attraction for anyone interested in the mafia or history.
It's located in the old courthouse where some mob hearings were held.
This place has 3 levels and plan to spend at least 2 hours going through everything if you take your time.
A must see in Vegas and only one block from Fremont St.
It's about $20 but they have discount coupons in the tourist booklets.

I was completely surprised at the detail and execution of exhibits.
I had never heard of this museum before and am glad I went.
Learning about the Mob and especially the law enforcement strategies to take them down was fascinating.
Toward the end of the tour it did seem to glorify these criminals a bit much, and all of the pop culture items at the end kind of left a sour taste in my mouth.
I mean, as great as it is, it's a museum about criminals.

The exhibit is 3 floors and located in the older part of Vegas.
Starting from the top floor, you work your way down, looking at different exhibits of the Mob from 1900s-present.
There are multiple interactive parts, as well as movie viewings, you can engage in.
Plenty of pictures and artifacts throughout the museum.
The gift shop has plenty to offer.
They say the walk through is 2-3 hours long, but you walk at your own pace.
We were there for an hour and saw everything.
If you plan on taking a break, you are allowed to leave and come back because your ticket is good all day.
Cool museum to see if you have extra time in Vegas.

Well done!

Extremely informative.
You can spend ALL day here!
Slot to read and a lot of interesting things to look at.
It's daily inexpensive with a military discount.
If you come set aside a good chunk of the day.
I was there for over two hours and didn't read everything.

Cool place alot of history that I never knew about good place for groups and individual visits if u never been you most go.

It was cool...for the first hour.
Then I think they ran out of things to say and got a little repetitive on the last floor.
But I got a student discount and only had to pay $13 (usually $20).
If you are really into this era in history, than this is a must see.
If you are indifferent...then ZZZZzzzzzzz.
Also be prepared for some mild blood and gore.

This place is super fun!
Well worth the $20 ticket for both entertainment and education.

Somewhere between being dispatched by a car bomb and getting shot in the head, managing to live though it and then showing up for a photo op is "The Mob Museum.
"  On the one hand, I loved seeing this old building brought back to life.
In a town where they proudly blow up their historic landmarks to pave over them with new glitz, this art deco era federal building is a real joy.
The highlight for me was the second floor's refurbished courtroom.
This courtroom was the only federal courtroom in Las Vegas for many years...and, since Nevada had only one federal judge--based in Carson City---federal judges commuted in from Los Angeles and other cities to hear cases here.
NOTE: I learned all of this by researching the building when I got home.
The museum makes no mention of it.
While there are some nifty interactive displays and several interesting artifacts, the entire experience was more about walking around, reading a bunch of text on the walls, and looking at pictures you could see online.
Actual mobster memorabilia is relatively sparse.
And, I hate to say it, but I had the distinct feeling that some of the displays were replicas....and we weren't being told about them.
The "electric chair" was an obvious remake.
But what about, for example, the white suit that's accompanied by text saying that John Gotti steered away from the classic gangster wear of black suits with thick pinstripes in favor of a white suit "like this one.
"  LIKE this one?
Hell, I can see a white suit at Men's Wearhouse.
Is this one of Gotti's suits or not?
And if it IS one of his suits, somebody needs to reknot that tie, 'cuz it looks a little sloppy for the Dapper Don.
The Mob Museum is a nice way to spend a couple of hours.
Look around for discounts.

Let me start by saying I wasn't really looking forward to this museum.
I had promised my son I would take him.
But, to my surprise I think I had more fun than he did,  lol.
Your greeted with excellent customer service and the staff were all dressed the part and very helpful .
I was amazed how cool this place was, you could easily spend all day here.
It was clean and I can't believe how well kept the exhibits are.
Unfortunately, I am use to things being down or out of order!
Everything we saw was well kept, clean, and up n running.
I give it 5 stars even down to the gift shop.
Thank-You Yelp for our 10% off coupon, from my check in offer:)   This is a beautiful museum with many hands on features!!!
If you live here then you gotta see it only $10 for locals!!
Not only did I have a great time but we learned so much history that this town has.
In my opinion the best time to go is during the week when no convention is in town.
It does get crowded.
Also, when I go back, I'm going to go in the morning and take a break downtown for lunch and go back and finish.
Great job Las Vegas!!!

The Mob Museum is one of the most impressive attractions in town.
There's a lot of great information and fascinating exhibits, all packed into three floors of a beautiful historic building.
The price is a steal (only $10 for locals!
), and it's worth every penny.
Just plan on scheduling at least 2-3 hours to make sure you have enough time to read everything.
My favorite part: The real trial videos in the refurbished courtroom.
Even beyond the courtroom, I loved watching all of the video testimonies throughout the exhibit.
The interactive bits were fun too.
My one complaint: I wish that the museum had been arranged in a more logical order.
The framework was mostly chronological, which I liked.
But I also noticed that there was some skipping back and forth between topics, as well as some awkward transitions, which messed with the flow of the "story.
" (I would have preferred to see the exhibits transition more seamlessly and logically.
)  Overall, 4 out of 5 stars.
I'd go again!
(I'd love to read the extra bits that I may have missed the first time around.

$20 for non-residents - worth it.
The history behind this museum was so interesting and intriguing.
I'd go back, cause it takes about 3-4 hours.

The Mob Museum was really great.
We went to Las Vegas earlier this month and while looking for non-gambling things to do, my husband came across this.
Our guys are not really the "museum types" so we were surprised to have spent 3 hours here and could have stayed a tad longer but we were bumping up against closing time on Saturday night.
The people who worked there were really a hoot and added a lot to the general vibe.
The best part for us was reading all the mobster's monikers, prompting us to come up with some for ourselves which we are still cracking up over.
If you search online you can find a coupon for $2 off an admission, good for four admissions.
There is apparently another mob-related display at Tropanica - I think that one is called Mob Attraction so don't get confused by the fact that there are two.

I went with my husband Clint in a wheelchair.
The staff made it easy!
There are three floors of exhibits, and you start on the top floor.
There are people around to answer questions, but you go about at your own speed.
The third floor is all about Italy and Mafia.
It shows the influence of the Mafia on New York, Chicago and other cities.
There is a film on Al Capone's 1929 St Valentine Massacre.
There are more goodies circa 1920's - 1940's.
The second floor opens into the actual courtroom that Oscar Goodwin defended various mob people.
There is an A/V room with demonstrations of selected hearings and behind-the-scenes activities.
(Clint loved this part!
)  There is a room on Las Vegas history, including Bugsy Segal, the Flamingo, and others.
There is an exhibit on the Rat Pack, which was the 1960's.
There is information on Howard Hughes as well.
There is a room with graphic photographs of various murders, weapons and so on which is not for little ones.
The first floor has information on Law Enforcement, all about the "good guys" fighting back using wiretaps (Clint says the wiretap equipment is really awesome - it uses vacuum tubes, which is what was used in the dark ages).
There is an A/V room with a ten-minute film on law enforcement.
The tour is over when you arrive at the gift store.
One can get to the gift store without paying the entry fee.

This is a wonderful way to spend an afternoon in Las Vegas.
My husband and I took our teenaged nephews and foreign exchange student.
The boys initially rolled their eyes, but nearly three hours later they all said what a blast it was.
The story is fascinating and the exhibits are amazing.
Plenty of photo ops too.
I totally recommend it!

Something about Mobsters really excites me and this place is exciting!
Short walk from Fremont Street, this museum offers a plethora of mob history, complete with actual objects that belonged to famous "wise guys".
There are three floors of exhibits, but don't worry, there isn't a boring tour guide, you can go at your own pace.
There's even cool props for the perfect photo op!
You can have your very own "mug shot"...
Ever wonder what it would feel like to sit in an electric chair?
Well, wonder no more, cause here, they have one!
The list of cool things to see goes on and on, and you'll learn more about the mob then probably necessary, but hey, forget about it!

I adore the Mob Museum.
It is an absolute blast to go here.
I have only been once but will be back.
I don't think you can really absorb this place in just one visit.
So much to see and read.
The history behind the mob is really fascinating.
I might even take a girl out on a date here before hitting up a Downtown restaurant and enjoying some food.
If she doesn't like the Mob Museum you know she ain't a keeper in my book.

Just off of Fremont this place offers a crash course on early Vegas, the mafia and law enforcement.
Highly entertaining and interactive, it has 3 floors of stunning pics, video and memorabilia.
There graphic pics depicting murder scenes but I'm sure the young ones see worse on T.V.
everday plus they have signs warning you of upcoming pics if you do have young ones.
All in all it's worth the money, decent location for locals and tourist and you can't beat the education :)

One of the best museums in the city.
I've always been interested in the mob stories and how the gangs came about and you don't realize how recent so much of it us.
There's this wall from the Valentine's Day Massacre (I think!
) that is really chilling but so interesting.
I recommend this place to anyone interested in the history of the mob.
Only bad note I have is that maybe they should have water dispensers throughout as it takes about 2.5 hours to walk around the whole place.
Otherwise it's great so 5 stars from me!

First, this is different from the Mob Experience at the Tropicana.
This is a real museum and probably serves as our country's main repository of both the criminal and the prosecution side of organized crime.
It is worth a stop.
The exhibits are informative and as you move through the building you are following the story of the rise of organized crime in America.
The links to Las Vegas are an obvious focal point.
Like all museums, it is hard to read each every factoid and thus we are likely to return.
The highlight:  sitting in the actual courtroom where the Kefauver hearing was held while watching a documentary about the hearings.
The mob museum is within easy walking distance of Fremont and downtown hotels.

I visited today with my boyfriend so that I could complete an assignment for one of my college courses.
The museum is three stories high, and you can really tell that they spent a lot of time making this a quality experience.
You can totally bring your camera, and the staff encourages you to take pictures.
There's even a spot where you can be a part of a lineup!
The artifacts area really interesting.
I like the relocated wall, the touch screen videos that allowed you to interact with mobsters, and the high tech reproduction of the hearings in the court room.
We probably spent three hours in the museum, without even realizing how much time had passed.
Even then we didn't get to see everything and want to go back.
There are plenty of places to sit down along the way, which made me really happy because I'm pregnant and could rest when I needed to.
If you are a Nevada resident don't forget to show ID and ask for your discount!

The Mob Museum is worth a visit for those interested in the infamous part of Vegas history.
It is fairly well done and laid out in an easily understood format.
As it involves crime there are some explicit photos that may disturb some visitors or young kids.
Look for deals or reduced price tickets as it is a bit pricey for what you get, and parking is not free.
But, do it, say you were there and that will be enough.

This place is nice and cool.
It cost $20 for admission.
Way over priced.
It should be in the $5-$10 range.

The museum is great!
3floors of exhibits!
Went as a group outing for my meet up group.
Everyone loved it.
Lots of great information and picture opportunities.
We went thru pretty quick and it still took over two hours.
Can't wait to go back.

If you are Las Vegan then you owe it to yourself to check out this attraction!
You will get an excellent discount and it is probably the most cost effective and educational way to entertain yourself for an afternoon in Las Vegas!
The Mob Museum has everything you can ask for in a museum.
This one is exceptional in that the building itself is a part of the attraction, which I think adds to the attraction.
It also has a lot of awesome artifacts and interactive exhibits.
My personal favorite was the recreation of the Kefauver hearings which took place in that very courthouse.
The parking around the museum is tricky and it will cost you a couple of bucks, which is lame.
However, you may as well take advantage of the fact that you are parked and walk over to the mob bar and check out the real "old" Vegas.

Like any good Las Vegan should do at least once, I went to The Mob Museum yesterday.
It is an impressive display of history that tells a unique story from beginning to end in a moderately interactive way.
Located in the beautiful old Post Office and Court House in Downtown Las Vegas you nearly forget where you are but never where we all came from.
Some cynics may argue that the museum is glorifying the mob.
On the contrary.
It does, however, tell the story of how the mob came to power across the United States.
How they were instrumental in building Las Vegas into the grand city it is today.
How the mob changed the face of our national politics.
Finally, how the law fought back.
You start on the third floor of the old building.
One of very few old places still standing in our ever changing town.
As you walk through learning about the early days, you come across interactive displays like a Thompson "Tommy" machine gun simulator.
You aim at a target and pull the trigger.
You feel the recoil.
You hear the bulletts flying and the shells falling.
As you  move on you find a replica of an electric chair that was used on the most dangerous of organized criminals.
You will find actual clothing and other artifacts used by infamous mobsters throughout the 20th century.
As you work your way down to the first floor through the cohesive timeline, you will learn more than you ever knew was possible and get to know the men like Benny "Bugsy" Seigle and Al Capone on a deeper and more personal level.
You get to know the hard hitting Kefauver who led the fight against the mob.
Finally, you end in the gift shop.
In there are the customary shot glasses and t-shirts.
There are also some nice novelty items like brass knuckle meat tenderizors or can coozies with a pistol grip.
The museum may not be seeing the attendance they had hoped for but that did not keep Tuesday afternoon from seeing a fair number of guests.
I think it would be a bigger draw were it cheaper for more than just locals.
$10 with a Nevada ID is reasonable but $20 for out-of staters will possibly steer some would be guests away as does the $5 parking.
I understand there is a lot of memorabilia to keep up with and staff to pay, but they wont last long if they don't find a way to bring in more visitors.

After visiting this museum, I wish I was one the mafia's wife or mistress because damn...they treated their women good!
haha.
Or even a Mafia Princess.
Shoots.
;) I would love to live their lifestyle with all the glitz and glamour of early Las Vegas.
Locals are $10 admission fee plus you have to pay $5 (cash only) for a parking fee.
I was there for about 2 hours...could've definitely been longer if I actually read every single infomation they had posted.
I loved learning about the rise and fall of the Mob and their attempt to take over Vegas, but power, greed and $$$$$ got the best of them.
The museum is three stories high and it's located in an actual courthouse where hearings from the Mob used to be held.
I got kind of an eerie feeling when I was in the courtroom watching a short documentary about their court hearings.
I wondered if there was ever a gun fight that happened there.
I would definitely recommend this place for tourists and locals alike.
It's great getting to know the history of Las Vegas and how the Mob created and also changed Las Vegas.
Come stop by the heart of Downtown Las Vegas and make a day out of it.
As much as I love how the Las Vegas Strip is nowadays, I miss the old school feeling.
So I appreciate how Downtown LV still have that "back in the days" feel.
Plus having The Mob Museum here is like the icing on the cake.

This was a lot of fun!
Super informative and interesting.
The location cannot be beat, as it immerses you into the whole feel of the museum.
I had to keep reminding myself that the mobsters within the museum had walked up those same front stairs, walked those same halls and sat in that same courtroom.
You can really feel the history of the place.
And the actual wall from the St. Valentine's Day massacre?
How cool was that!?
There is A LOT to read here.
You could easily, easily spend the whole day reading every last little thing.
It's all fascinating information, but unless you're in some of the rooms alone, reading everything just isn't doable.
Given that, I can't imagine kids being entertained at all.
Also, the subject matter is steeped in violence (the museum does not shy away from that at all!
), so it's not kid-appropriate at all.
If you're not a fan of salty language, this is not the place for you.
The most violent imagery is confined to one room, which is clearly marked and can be easily bypassed.
Admittedly, I have an extremely high tolerance for this type of thing, but the photos are not disturbing (all black & white, often partially obscured).
If you have an interest in mob-related history/Las Vegas history, appreciate reading things and are not squeamish, I highly recommend!
The ticket price for residents is a steal and it's a great way to spend a hot afternoon.

Nice alternative from most Vegas attractions and a good way to kill the afternoon if you're not hungover.
Not appropriate for all ages, obviously.
Definitely gruesome in some parts.
The Valentine's Day Massacre display was pretty intense.
Museum itself seemed like new.

One of my favorite things I have ever done in Vegas!
If you're into anything mob, you will love this place.
Built in an old post office, it houses such cool relics from the early mob years such as the actual wall from the st. valentines day massacre, one of John Gotti's suits, and a ton of cool pictures, info and really cool videos.
Don't want to give everything away, but really well put together museum, definitely worth checking out.

I came here with a coworker for Oscar's book signing.
Of course having been in town during the construction of the Mob Museum I had heard about it but honestly never had a desire to go but I'm glad I did.
This was a special event so there was live music, appetizer stations and a bar.
Oscar gave a speech and those who wished to have him sign their book formed a line.
It was at this time we decided to really explore the museum.
We started on the top floor and worked our way down.
Three floors in total.
You could literally spend all day in this place if you chose to read every exhibit and check out each display.
It is really an informative place.
There are also a couple of interactive exhibits that I think kids and adults will enjoy.
Who doesn't like shooting a fake gun?!?
I was actually a little surprised at the goriness of some of the pictures but you are learning about the Mob after all.
Admission is $10 for locals.
We parked at the El Cortez valet and just walked.

Typically you don't think of museums as a must do in Vegas, however you'll want to spend all day here.
This is an extremely well curated museum with wonderful interactive exhibits and good for all ages.
The museum goes in depth to the history of organized crime in the US and you'll leave wanting to watch a gangster movie.
Can't wait to return.

Three hours well spent.
The Mob Museum in downtown Las Vegas is a great attraction and anyone interested in early Vegas history or organized crime in general should definitely visit this place.
Admittedly, I'm not a fan of museums but this one was quite enjoyable.
Make sure you set aside at least 2.5 hours to work your way through all 3 floors of exhibits.
The museum was designed very well and they have an excellent collection of artifacts.
If you don't enjoy reading copious amounts of information during your museum outings then this might not be the place for you.
While there are a lot of cool things to look at, there is so much to read that it's almost like an information overload.
All in all, it was a great experience but it's something I would only do once.

At first I balked at the entrance fee but I decided hey..
I'd spend that on a couple of spins on a dollar slot so why not a museum?
I was completely blown away by the experience, it was so much more than I  expected.
Loved the adventure :-)

Really interesting and fun place to be.

I visited the Mob Museum back in May 2013.
The building used to be an old post office and court house.
Tickets cost $19.95 + $5 for self parking.
You take an elevator to the third floor and work your way down to the ground floor (exhibit ends at the gift shop).
The first exhibit is a lineup wall, complete with height markers.
The museum exhibits remind me of watching the film, "The Godfather.
" At first, you think that mob life is pretty glamorous.
But, by the end of the tour, you are happy you aren't a gangster.
Long story short: There is lots of see and the people working there were super nice.
I spent two and a half hours looking around.
For $25, two and a half hours of entertainment is hard to beat.
I highly recommend!

This is a great museum.
My tips- do not listen to the staff who say it takes two hours to go through it.
Plan on 4 hours.
I was there for 3 hours and I did not have enough time to see everything.
Also, they give a teacher discount.
In some way there is irony in that connection but I will take it if I can get it.-- lol   Parking is five dollars so heads up if you do not carry cash.
As far as the museum goes, you can read the other reviews or go online for the content.
As you have probably guessed by now it's all original Mob and G-Men artifacts.
Mary's top coolest things about the Mob Museum:  *It is housed in an Historic courthouse and Federal building from the 1930's.
I love old buildings.
How funny that a federal courthouse is now a Mob museum.
The Irony was not lost on me.
*They actually have the wall here that the victims of the St. Valentine's Massacre were lined up against and gunned down.
The real wall with the bullet holes in it and everything.
Super creepy.
I have some photos I will have to attach.
* The line up closet, the barber chair, the fake machine gun, and electric chair.
(Even the lights dimmed when you flick the switch---lol)   * The Kennedy Room  *The history Of Las Vegas.
It was all so interesting.
Negatives, *I had to leave early to catch a show and missed some stuff.
Wahhh!
* Parking fees in Vegas.
Really?

This is a great experience for tourists and locals!
The museum is within the old Vegas post office/court house, so it's really cool that they put it in a piece of Vegas history - typically the city just knocks down the old to make room for the new.
They tell you it takes about 2 hours to get through, however if you really get into it and want to check everything out, it can take up to 4 hours.
It's a very engaging experience - with kiosks you can interact with, to showing short documentaries on key people or events that took place.
If you have any questions at all, the staff is well versed with everything in the museum and are super nice.
On top of the cost of your ticket, the museum parking lot is $5.
If you're trying to save a little, park in the "old bus terminal" parking lot on the corner of Stewart/Casino Center at no charge.
(right next door to the museum).

This place is pricy, but was a blast.
I learned a lot and had a lot of fun doing it.
I have always been fascinated by the mafia and I've read a lot about it in the past.
This museum taught me a lot more than I thought they could.
I also was enjoying the fact that there was a visitor that was definitely an old timer and I personally had a great time listening to him reminisce about the good old days.

Very cool and much better than expected.
Took 2 hours.
Lots to take in.
However, avoid group sales.
The sales manager is clueless.

Well worth the visit

A fine respite from the Vegas heat for a few hours but...feels like a night at home on the couch with a t.v.
"Mob Week" marathon.
A LOT of screens with talking heads spouting things you'll swear you've heard before and the St. Valentine's Day Massacre wall not really enough to compensate.
The historical courthouse location is quite wonderful, and the gift shop has everything a mob fan could want but for the same money...go to the Neon Museum instead.

I can't believe I didn't know this was here after all my trips to Vegas.
I learned so much and my teens actually enjoyed the interactive displays.
Especially when they got to pretend to shoot me with a Tommy gun.
Great way to get out of the desert heat for a few hours.
Go thru a line up and learn how to shoot some guns (pretend).
Get caught up on your mob movies!

A great experience,definately worth going its very interesting, interactive.
Everyone should go at least once its worth the trip!!!!!!

Great experience definitely more than meets the eye

Loved the Mob Museum!
My sister loves reading about true crime, and my rollerderby team's name is the Bayou City Bosses - so this place was perfect for us.
:) We saw lots of ads for Mob Attraction on the strip...but I am pretty sure the Mob Museum is cooler.
It's a short walk from Fremont street so definitely doable!
We took a deuce bus downtown.
They drop you about half a block away.
I had only planned to spend about an hour in the museum, but the videos and displays were so interesting that I think we ended up spending 2 hours in there - which could have easily been 3, but we were needing to be somewhere.
Also spent quite a bit of money in the gift shop.
:) Oh!
And I just noticed someone mentioned a teacher discount - bring your ID!
I forgot mine at home.
It's only a couple bucks, but hey!
It helps.

Must like mob & fbi history to appreciate the place.
If so, you are in for a special treat!
Reviewing actual wiretaps, evidence, video clips, and personal items from mob figures was a great experience.
All three floors had a different perspective and was real well curated.
They charge for parking, which is the reason that I didnt give it 5 stars.
But overall, a worthy visit.

I had a great time at the Mob Museum.
Sooo much information to take it.
You could easily spend an entire afternoon here reading over all of the history.
Bring your glasses because you definitely need them.
The museum has a nice flow and you can move at your own pace which I also like.
Price is steep until you tell them you're a local in which case the price drops by half which is wayyyyy up my alley.
I also loved that the museum was also interactive with multiple areas where you could touch and play with some of the exhibits.
Also several areas where short movies play to give you a nice mix of media to engage with.
Its three stories and all three were cool.
Third floor is my particular favorite.
The only gripe I have is that you have to pay to park!
I know its a very minor complaint but being from Vegas i'm used to free parking.
I didn't feel especially put out but I rarely carry cash so beware.
Cash only!

OMG!
Really fun and educational!
Staff is very friendly and every time I go I always have a good time.

Made me take a blood oath, wasn't too comfortable, with all of that.. :D But it was really fun, informative, just be careful with kids there was a few graphic spots in the museum.
Like said in other posts really interactive.
& locals should know, it's only ten bucks with ID!!
Your legs will get tired.

A self guided museum.
In the old downtown part of Vegas.

Not knowing much about mob history, I wasn't sure if I'd enjoy this.
But it's one of the best things I did on vacation in Vegas.
The building is old and beautiful - completely renovated for this museum.
Allow at least 3 hrs - you could easily spend more time if you want to watch all the videos.

It suck, I though it would be better.
I just didn't like it, sorry for the bad review.

It is okay to go check out one time.
It is not a museum you need to go to more than once.
It is cool to go see a bunch of old mob pictures.
If you are interested in this stuff and you have nothing else to do, check it out.
Update - I didn't make it past the second floor.
BORING.

The Mob Museum was a top notch destination in terms of mob education and reminiscing about the old school Las Vegas days.
The mafia/mob is a fascinating subject and this museum does such a great job putting a lot of information together in an interactive and fun way.
The building itself is stunning and the exhibits were so high tech and impressive.
No punches were pulled - you got to see a lot of the gory (real) pictures of mob hits and other interesting things.
One thing I wished they had was a snack bar maybe somewhere in the middle of the museum, instead of a makeshift counter at the end of the museum displays on the first floor.
It takes almost 3 hours to really fully experience the museum and I'm sure more than enough people would stop for a beverage!
Flip through your hotel magazines or coupon books from those taxi cabs - there are always discounts for the entry fee.
It's a little steep full price but once you get in there, it all becomes worth it.

Great museum.
We spent 3 hours there and could have stayed even longer, but it was getting late and we needed to get to dinner.
The exhibits are all very well done, but they are very text-heavy, so be prepared for that.
It was a slow day when we were there- we only encountered three or four other groups of people, but it still sucks when you get stuck behind a slow reader!
The exhibits are self-guided, with lots of photos and plaques and several short movies that play on a loop.
You start on the third floor and work your way down, from early waves of Italian and Irish immigration, to the increase in gang activity during Prohibition, all the way through to present-day.
There are exhibits at the end about Whitey Bulger, so really, I mean it when I say present day!
Great way to spend an afternoon in Vegas.
Get out of the heat, away from the crowds and the smoke, and learn some fascinating history.

Everything you ever wanted to know about the MOB.
Worth the trip

Be prepared to spend the day.
There's an amazing amount of info and it's well presented.

Great place with lots of exhibits..
This is much better than the Fake Mob Museum on the strip!

This place is amazing and so full of information.
Things you may know and things that your in awe about.
I thought the brick wall from the Valentines Massacre was smaller than I pictured it but a great History piece.
3 stories filled with information and stories.
They even have a court room reenactment.
Same one used back in the day.
So worth going and you may even need to go again to see if you missed anything.
If you are intrigued by the MOB this is a great place to go.
Las Vegas locals get in for 10.00. open 7 days a week and open at 10am to 7pm I believe.
We will go again.

Amazing!
Plan on spending 3 hours minimum there or you will miss a lot.

Exceptionally great time, and a very very information-filled attraction.
So much insider information and otherwise unknown stories that don't end up in the mainstream versions of what happened.
If you're a history buff, this is a can't-miss.
If you like the mob, this is a can't-miss.

I go to a lot of museums, and this one was one of the best.
Not only is technology incorporated throughout, there are many interactive components to the exhibits.
Even the location is significant to the museum.
Organized crime has always intrigued me and the Mob museum does a great job of educating and pointing out some details you might otherwise miss.
If you're driving to the museum, park in the Main Street Station lot and walk a block to the museum.
It's $3 but you get it back by showing your receipt at the cage in MSS or the California.
Oh, there is a locals discount too!

I absolutely love museums!
I love learning about the history of the mob even more!
I have seen almost every mob movie out there, read as many mob related books as I could, and watched as many documentaries as I could as well.
I'm extremely fascinated about organized crime so I knew that I had to come here.
It's a beautiful building, the exhibits are very well put together, I love their interactive exhibits!
You learn so much information, some pictures are a bit gory but totally awesome.
It's interesting to see how savage these men could be, very deceiving.
We spent many hours just looking and reading everything!
Show your Nevada ID and you get a locals discount which is a plus!
I extremely recommend coming here at least just once.
Las Vegas has a lot of mob history and ties that you can't deny, so why not learn about how this great city came to be, like Benjamin Siegel once said "Las Vegas turns women into men, and men into idiots".
Which is fairly true, ha!

Get whacked or made and have a walk and talk.
Very cool history...
The building it's in is also very historical pretty nice way to get out of the sun for a few hours.
Ciao baby.

Give yourself plenty of time to visit - 2 hrs min.
Bring your glasses, lots to read.
Wish museum would give you a cheat sheet of Vegas mafia.
Still very interesting.
No photos, no water inside, be warned.
Discounts for locals & military.
They need a cafe at the entrance or exit..just snacks/coffee, maybe even take away.

This is a great value if you really take advantage of all if the exhibits that they have to offer.
I did read many reviews ahead of time and figured that it would be a small themed museum that you could spin through in 45 minutes to a hour- WRONG!!
When we got there the friendly staff informed us that we should allow about 3 hours.
"Yeah, right", I thought, "I'm not that into this stuff!
How can there be that much to see?!
" I was mistaken!
They have done a great job of presenting a wide variety of exhibits that address the different aspects of organized crime (the most notorious mobsters, women who were involved with the business, children who grew up around this lifestyle, the impact organized crime had on Vegas, etc).
There are so many topics that they cover and they really offer some very interesting interactive exhibits that keep you more engaged than just a wall of information and pictures.
I actually short changed myself at this museum because I planned poorly and went before lunchtime.
After about 3 hours we were so hungry that we had to finish our tour so we wouldn't waste away for hunger.
I wish that I had planned better so we could have stayed another hour or so to be able to finish up all the exhibits at the pace that we had been going.
We found it very engaging and I was surprised to know how interested I ended up being in Mob history!

If you take your time you can really learn a lot.
The museum is thoughtfully set up, and full of fascinating information.
My mom was visiting from out of town and really enjoyed herself as well.
The staff was extremely helpful and pleasant.

This museum was a surprisingly great exhibit.
Im thinking under $20 how good could it be, FANTASTIC.
We stayed downtown on this trip so we walked over.
From the outside its like ok a courthouse, little did we know each floor and every single room had something going on fun interactive displays.
We were in here for hours, over 5 to be exact so much to see, we went on a Sun and was there from open to close.
Gangsters,scimming,bootlegging,prostitution,racketeering,murder and mayhem u name it they have it.So much history, the secret taskforces.
The murder room was crazy very graphic.
My girls had to read everything, i spent the last 1 1/2 hours chillin my feet were hurting and i couldnt read another display.
This place is wonderful i will definately go back now that i know to pace myself.Only downfall i wish they had a cafe or something to take a lil break

My husband and I went here to kill some time.
As a note, Military and their dependents get tickets for $15 with ID.
Not a bad price for three floors with lots of interaction and information.
This museum took us over and hour and a half to go through and was interesting the entire time.
There is no lack of information or entertainment.

The Mob Museum is so much fun!
I loved the interactive technology used throughout the museum.
My friends and I enjoyed shooting practice the most!
However, the pictures taken in the line up room are priceless.
I enjoyed that you worked your way down rather than beginning at the bottom and working your way up as many museums have you do.
Everything was well executed.
As a Chicagoan, it was fun to see all of the hometown mobsters including a few that my grandfather had hung out with as a kid.
If you're near Fremont Street, you should not miss this museum.
If you're on the strip, it is definitely worth the cab fair.

Very fun and interesting museum with plenty to look at.
Locals get a discount on entry too.
Three floors of photos, quotes, replicas, videos, photo ops, historic pieces, etc.
There were quite a few people when I went- yet, it never felt 'crowded'.
Staff was friendly, and the building was clean.
I'm not usually one to browse gift shops but they did have quite a few items available that were very cool!

A must see in Las Vegas!!!
I had no idea that this museum would be covered wall to wall with facts and hand on activities!
I love how every few rooms there was also a video clips of various mobsters.
You can spend hours in here so I agree with other reviewers wear your walking shoes!
The Museum has various admission prices and students/military has the best deal!
I don't want to spoil anything for future goers but I will say the best part for me was the actual photographs taken of crime scenes!
Even now a few days after going to the museum I can not stop talking about it!
Glad I got my magnet and necklace at the gift store to always remember!

First of all don't go if you have less than 3 hours, more would be better.
It was $29 a head so make the most of it.
There is a very complete history with great exhibits.
The most fun is the Tommy gun simulator.
I also like the Electric chair, St Valentine's Massacre wall, the Mug shot room, and Police shoot out simulator.
The staff seemed happy and were ready to help.
The gift shop had a lot to choose from.
There is limited parking next to the museum.
There is also a special combo price for the Neon Museum too.

To all future Vegas tourists: Extremely overpriced.
Almost $50 for two people!
and it includes the parking which should be free.
Im a huge mafia aficionado but man, really?
If it'd be maybe $25-$35 okay but $50?
Don't think so.
It's multiple floors of exhibitions which left me unsatisfied for the amount of money I paid to be honest.
I'm such a dummy because I'm sure since the parking was not manned, I could've just parked there for free since you don't need to put a receipt in the windshield or anything.
Lower the price you effin' cazzos!

I was to the Mob Museum for a Yelp Event two years ago and I was back yesterday for a talk and book signing.
I still have not taken the time to see all of the exhibits.
Yesterday, there was a talk by Dr. David Schwartz of UNLV about his new book "Grandissimo, the First Emperor of Las Vegas.
"  Dr. Schwartz has written about Jay Sarno who built both Caesars Palace and Circus Circus.
The setting for the talk was the historic courtroom on the second floor where on of the Kefauver Committee hearings into organized crime was held.
What a treat to hear about some different history in this historic setting.
I will go back and enjoy all of the exhibits.
It's grand this building was preserved and is now used for the Mob Museum or more technically the National Museum of Organized Crime & Law Enforcement.
We are fortunate to have this museum in Las Vegas.

What an experience!
I have always had an infatuation with the lifestyle and can never get enough of this interesting phenomenon.
With the history of organized crime in this city, it has hard not to be intrigued.
Fortunately for me, I was able to attend with the help of the jobby job.
My partner and I at the time were looking to set up an outing for at-risk youth and stumbled upon the newly opened Mob Museum.
What better time to treat some well deserving kids of a new appealing event.
So in actuality, it was more like, "...fortunately for us!
"  There are several floors all creating a labyrinth of historic facts and stories behind the mafia influence coming from all over the U.S.
Some of the features included interactive video's, audio, photos, relics, artifacts and other mafiana.
The museum did a good job with enticing on lookers with tantalizing truths, a lot of which I did not know, and neither did a lot of the youth.
It was hard enough to keep everyone together and pushing through the vast sections being that many of the youth were deep in various parts of the museum.
I especially love how the establishment is the old Post Office that provides a realistic feel of the mafia era.
If I didn't have to manage our time there, I would surely have been in there much longer that we were and eager to come back to see what has changed since my last outing.
It would be nice to take my time in there as a patron instead of playing the role of a chaperon too.
Overall, I was pleased to learn that everyone else had a great time.
I was skeptical on whether or not everyone would be interested in this museum and what it has to offer.
Luckily, I did not have to worry about that much at all.
I can only pray that more and more venues pop up in the downtown area to purvey its illustrious history and recommend that everyone should experience the Mob Museum if you are a mafia buff or a person interested in the field.
Otherwise, if this is not your cup of tea, maybe you should just stick to the slots.

The Mob Museum is a very well put together museum about the history of organized crime.
It has lots of interactive displays and videos, many mob related artifacts, and loads of cool memorabilia.
There is almost TOO much to take in and there is so much to read and to watch that it's a little overwhelming almost.
Plan on spending some time at The Mob Museum because it will easily take your two, three or more hours to see it all.
But regardless of how much time you spend, go see the museum because it's very worthwhile.

I went here today and LOVED IT!
From the lobby, up to the third floor, and down again, this is one of the beat museums around.
From being read my rights in the elevator, to play with the tommy gun, to listening in to mob recordings, this place is a must see when you visit Las Vegas.

Don't expect staying 30 minutes if you want to see everything.
The museum is surprisingly very complete and full of interesting things to do.
It has lots of videos interactive animations.
The courthouse is surprising and relaxing.
The video runs on 3 screens and it makes it's bit hard to see everything but it's still very we'll done and enjoyable.
You can try to shoot gun if someone is not monopolizing the stand.
The other one was out of service.
The museum overall experience is really fun and will suit different type of audience including younger generations.
Even though there are some dead bodies and violent sequences parents will want to skip.

This was a pretty cool place.
I took my future mother in law here for the first time so she could learn a little history of the town i grew up in.
And wow was there a lot of history.
From little movies, reading, games, and artifacts this museum had it all.
And my favorite part... we were allowed to take photos and videos of the whole thing.
now that is awesome.
If you want to learn about the Mob, this is the place to visit.

Absolutely not worth for money and time, same junk stuffs getting repeated all over in all 3 floors, not at all organized, stinky, suffocating and things were not presented in a way to create interest to the visitor.
Staffs are worthless and all they want is visitors money by hooks and crooks, in a local ad I saw they mentioned kids below 10 years are free and I have 2 kids below 10, as I went to the counter the counter person (a black guy) mentioned that is a promotion to be effective after 2 days, when I asked to show me the detail he took the back step and agreed to give my kids free entry, as I entered in the gate one lady okayed our kids' entry and when we went to third floor there are 2 girls (one black and one fat Hispanic looked girl) asked us to buy tickets for the kids.
I mentioned that I have been mentioned the kids' have free entry, they were trying to teach even then they need bands and for that again I have to go to the counter.
I went to the counter and again after waiting in the line when I came to the counter and  met Natalie, she was surprised and mentioned kids don't need bands, she informed this to both the girls in 3rd floor in their walkies and when I reached them again, that black girl was pretending as if nothing happened, when I asked why did you have me go downstairs and wait in the line instead you could have spoken to the counter person and check this, she mentioned this was just a confusion between the staffs.
Natalie was great but all others are worthless.

This museum has a lot to offer, if you're interested in how Las Vegas was funded, how violent humanity can be when the only goal is money, and how corrupt our government is look no further.
The building is separated in 3 different levels where you get to see interesting artifacts on display such as the actual courtroom to some mobsters trials as well as weapons and gruesome images.
Generally my alpha overwhelms but seeing the aftermath of some gangsters hits was unnerving.
The section where the violence is displayed was segregated and there are warnings in this area to let you know its going to get explicit.
At times it did get hilariously corny such as the courtroom reenactments where blaring sirens and techno colors surround you.
The coolest part was being given a lesson in how to aim a gun with lifelike bullet sounds echoing in the chamber.
Of course I shot my girlfriend a few times before leaving.
I've researched the Cosa Nostra and like any other decent American am interested in the mobster lifestyle.
You get to hear about the beginnings and  current trends of the mafia.
Also if you want to avoid the parking fee in the Museums parking lot, just down the road one of the local casinos offers a few free hours of parking with validation.

One of the best things we did while in Vegas.
Took my fourteen year old boy with me and spent nearly three hours going through each floor (there are three with basement).
The information is arranged in a timeline fashion starting on the third floor.
There's an incredible amount of information with video, pictures, and artifacts.
While I don't think this would be an appropriate place for children under twelve, over that age should be okay.
My son followed along and was definitely interested in everything.
Very, very highly recommended!

Very disappointed in the exhibits...too many exhibits that require you to read or watch videos.
I expected more exhibits that had historical items on display.
Admission was $20 or $17 for military.
Plenty of other ways to spend $20 on Fremont st.

Clearly it's just me because the Mob Museum has rave reviews but I HATED this place.
The exhibits had no flow, there was no rhyme or reason to the set up of the museum, it seemed haphazardly pulled together despite looking sleek and flashy.
I would assume a place like this would be organized chronologically or by location of each mob outfit but there was no organization.
I had no idea what I was looking at or why.
If you want me to learn something from a museum, tell me a story.
This just totally fell short.
Also, I heard lots of people in the museum say this and tend to agree, the mob and the associated violence and nefarious activities are boldly glorified in this museum.
That didn't sit so well with me.
I know the Sopranos and Hollywood has made it cool to be a mobster but at its core, it's really not.
These guys were shady scammers and murderers.
Being a corrupt hustler, drug dealer, womanizer, cop killer, etc.
isn't something to be celebrated.
Also, I cannot believe people brought their kids here.
The images displayed are violent, graphic, gruesome, and bloody and the movies and interactive displays are loaded with cursing.
The week after Christmas the museum was SO crowded too.
I did not enjoy being cattled through each room on top of each other.
There is no relief since everyone moves in waves through the exact same rooms on each floor.
The museum is also overpriced with limited parking too.
I would not return or recommend this place.

What I surely thought would be a short visit to this museum turned into several hours.
The displays, videos and interactive aspects of this museum showcase a lot of information and little tidbits that would never be known to most because of popular culture like TV & Movies.
Myself (37) and two 21 year olds loved all of it and found all of the information very interesting.

I am not a museum person at all.
But after I met my husband who enjoys mob movies, I planned a mob-themed Valentine's Day for us last year.
The Mob Museum was a must on the agenda.
This is one of my favorite museums.
It is dense with lots of information, confiscated property, and FBI collections.
I don't think I even got through the last floor after being there for 4 hours!
My favorite exhibits contained videos, photographs, and props.
I especially enjoyed the video near the exit that talked about who the mob movies were inspired by.
I also enjoyed the 2nd floor with the courtroom where the Kefauver hearings were held.
Another is the JFK Assassination room.
Oh and the film about the gruesome murders.
Murder Inc.
There's so much to see!
Definitely one of a kind, fun, intense, and eye-opening.
So fun that I became a member!
Please visit and support the mob museum.
I want this part of American history to be preserved as long as we can!

The coolest museum in town, as you can guess.
They have plenty of original documents, letters and things from some of the famous gangsters back in the days.
After the mob museum, you must of course hit the mob bar and go zip lining above the oldtown crowd.
Lol

For all of the technology, polish and inherently intriguing aspect of American organized crime, I was profoundly disappointed with how little the museum engaged me.
Everything just felt hollow and disconnected.
The information was there, but arranged in ways that didn't create a narrative.
Some of the most interesting facts I got came from clicking on little plate icons in an oddly presented touchscreen section that likened each city to a meal and the country as a dinner table (or something like that).
But the biggest and most eye catching items didn't give me any kind of new and robust understanding of history.
The multimedia courtroom space was lovely but the actor portrayals weren't.
The enormous "crime in Las Vegas" connection screen was more confusing than anything else.
And the section dedicated to mob movies was clearly more of a tourist draw than anything of substance.
I get that museums have to walk a balance between drumming up business and providing actual content.
But I think that The Mob Museum skewed way too far into glamorizing crime for sake of ticket sales and avoided the "what did we learn about the world through the lens of this museum" question far too much.

Overall, the place is nice.
Much, MUCH bigger than you think and it's a LONG tour - wear comfortable shoes.
But it's a very thorough presentation and it's very, very good.
Lots of interactive kiosks and tons of videos help break up the wall/mural style presentations.

I found this museum difficult to follow.
I was also over it halfway into the second floor.
It is much bigger than you expect and because there is only a general trajectory holding the whole flow together, it jumps around a lot from place to place with lots and lots of disparate info that I had a really hard time keeping straight.
There are lots of video presentations, which I do think helped tremendously, especially as I got through floors one and two and was sick of reading itty, bitty little info cards on the sides of pictures.

WOW!
This was the unexpected highlight of our Vegas trip!
Probably the coolest museum I've ever been to!
If you're even mildly interested in this subject, plan to spend at least 4+ hours there because there's LOTS to see/read/hear/view.
Displays are fun, interactive - artistic, historical and thorough!
Expect WAY more than just the mob's history in Vegas ... it's a complete history of the mob, all throughout the US, dating back to their arrival at Ellis Island in the late 1800's / early 1900's.
There's also some history of the how Vegas was built (un-related to the Mob), and a section about the law enforcement that eventually brought down the mob.
We got there around 4:00pm on a Friday and closed the place (leaving a little after 8:00pm).
We still could've stayed at *least* another hour to catch some of the things we just glanced over or skipped as it was getting close to closing time.
Do NOT miss the video in the court room on the 2nd floor (a highlight!
) But all the videos were fantastic!
(Like the one about the St. Valentine's Day Massacre showed on a screen in front of the REAL brick wall from that Chicago building where the shots were fired.
)  There's an easy-to-miss small display about some of the women connected to the Mob that's quite interested as well (it's near the end of the room on the bottom floor with the photos of the mobsters lining the walls.
)  Another highlight for me was the room devoted to the mob in movies at the end of the exhibit, which is set-up like a 50's night club, with booth seating.
Tips:  Nevada residents, be sure to ask for the local's discount (not posted) -- $13.95 with NV ID   Families with kids be warned!
The "F-bomb" is dropped regularly throughout, and real crime scene photos with dead bodies are abundant.
In hind site, wish we would've gone on Saturday to start early in the day so we could've stayed longer and seen more ... but on the plus side, by going on a Friday afternoon in the off-season (early January) we had very light-crowds.
Afterward: We did have a bit of a "cringe" moment after we got home, reflecting about how the museum glorifies and immortalizes all these criminals and killers -- and *hoping* there aren't others out there plotting on how they can get immortalized within those walls as well ...

Great Museum.
They even have the St. Valentine's Day brick wall.
Many videos to watch and lots of information.

"As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster.
" - Henry Hill in Goodfellas (and secretly most guys watching the movie)  The Mob Museum was better than expected (3.5 stars), but, at $20/person, not exactly an offer you can't refuse.
Here's what Wise Guys know:   * Open 10:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. (8:00 p.m. Fri/Sat)  * Adult: $20; Child (10-17): $14; Under 10: Free; Seniors/Military: $16;   * Nevada Residents can save $6 ... so $14 and $10  * $30 Tickets for 2 Museums available: Neon Museum plus Mob Museum  * Parking Lot next to Mob Museum is $5 ... or use a downtown casino lot & walk  * Located inside the historic (1933) Las Vegas Federal Courthouse & Post Office  * The self-guided tour takes a couple hours and covers 3 floors  * The Mob Museum shows how Prohibition led to the expansion of the Mafia  * The real wall from the St. Valentine's Day Massacre in Chicago is there  * Exhibits cover legends Al Capone, Lucky Luciano, Meyer Lansky, Bugsy Siegel  * Also Sam Giancana, Lefty Rosenthal, Mickey Cohen, John Gotti, & Whitey Bulger  * The FBI & government get props for their battle against the mafia  * Weapons, crime scene pics, and mob stories are everywhere  * Lots of photographs of real mobsters and stories of their "real" families  * The history of Las Vegas in the pictures/displays was very interesting to me  * There's as much memorabilia of Las Vegas as there is for La Costa Nostra  * Original casino/bar photos were fascinating; my how far Vegas has come  * Liked displays on connections between mob families in different U.S. cities  * One floor is dedicated to the actual Courtroom used for a Kefauver Hearing in 1950  * Of course, Mob Movies are highlighted/celebrated, too.
* No food/beverages, professional cameras, or large bags ... and no weapons  * Small Mob Museum Gift Shop had some friendly people working there  At times, the Mob Museum feels like a romanticized Hall of Fame for organized criminals and law enforcement catching them.
Because it is relatively modern, many of the displays keep your attention.
It's not in the "must-visit" category for a Vegas vacation or weekend, but if you're tired of the casinos, clubs, shows, and action on the Las Vegas Strip then you may consider the Mob Musuem to "see what everyone's not talking about.

At $20 bucks a ticket, I was hesitant to go in but was happy I did.
A lot of information that my wife and I both enjoyed we spent over 3 hours inside and definitely had our fill by the time we got to the last few rooms.
You should see it once, but once is enough.

Got there at 1015am for a 1030 tour.
Prepaid $10 each for tour and then realized you also have to pay the admission fee on top of that.
But, the tour guide was excellent.
Their was only us two and her.
Online it said it was 90 minutes but wound up being over 2 hours.
You could do yourself if you wanted to and would probably do almost as good.
It was well laid out and had tons if info, pics, and artifacts.
Very enjoyable.
About 2 blocks from Freemont St, right downtown.

I really enjoyed the Mob Museum and spent hours wandering around the exhibits and it was well worth the admission fee of $20 per adult.
The museum is more than just the history of the Mob in Las Vegas (which is substantial) it covers its roots from the arrival of immigrants at Ellis Island right through prohibition to the Kefauver hearings in the 1950's and to the present day.
One of the many highlights was being able to sit in the room where the Kefauver hearings sat in Las Vegas.
Given the number of classic Mob films there have been over the years there was an area given over to the genre and some of James Gandolfini's clothes from the Sopranos.
I highly recommend the Mob Museum, it was $20 well spent.

Awesome experience!!
Take the time to watch all the movies thru the tour, it'll make it all come together.
Must see!

This place is incredible!
My BF and I took my brother for a little weekend fun downtown and let me tell you, MOB museum is so much fun.
Photography is allowed and seemed encouraged.
All of the personnel were informative and very friendly!
There was one man who even seemed like he was an ex-mobster himself.
This exhibit can easily entertain and interest guests for at least 2 hours.
You get a wristband so guests could leave and return without hassle.
I have always felt like Vegas has so much history that typically people don't really know about.
If you want to have a fun day downtown, do the MOB museum and walk down to Container Park!
Very awesome.

If you are a fan of the Mob times then this is a place you want to go to.
Make sure you leave a lot of time to see everything.
It truly was educational, fun and interesting to see.
Worth every penny.
There are 3 floors and you start at floor number 3.
It took us over 2 hours to get through this floor.
We watched every video, read things and took photos.
It was amazing.
They have the actual courtroom and furniture from decades ago.
The condition is incredible.
A wall of Mobsters that I found amazed had so many from NJ.
Well done and very informative.
A fun place to visit and a definite must see!

$5 for parking and located in downtown LV , easy to find and very historical location.
The 3 level museum is full of artifacts about the past!
You take the elevator to the top floor and work your way down.
It starts with how the Mobsters took over and than at the last level is how it was brought back to its norm.
There were so much information all over the walls, so much detail everywhere that i understood then why people would buy memberships for the museum.
I think it would take well over a whole day before you can fully understand EVERYthing !
We pretty much skimmed through this spot and partake in some photo opps and read through some pretty gruesome details of what they did when they "hacked" someone!
At the end of it all there was the gift shop, pretty cool spot for some education and fun!

Great exhibit.
Really enjoyed it!

I took advantage of a night where locals were admitted free of charge.
I bit of a line outside but it moved quickly.
The tour starts you on the third floor and you work your way down to the ground floor.
The third floor was more of the history of the mafia from the beginning covering all different eras and cities.
The second floor was dedicated to Las Vegas.
It was great seeing all of the old photos and facts about this city.
Even seeing some documentaries before it was exciting to see it again.
The bottom floor was dedicated to the " end" of the mafia..wink wink.
This floor was not as exciting as the first two.
There were movies playing on floors three and two.
There was too big of a crowd so we didn't stay for any but it looked like something the history channel played.
The is a sweet place to visit if you like mafia information or like seeing how Las Vegas evolved.

This museum is located in the downtown part of Las Vegas, inside the former federal courthouse and U.S. Post Office.
The building is very beautiful on the outside and inside and I, originally, had no idea what it's uses had been before being converted into this museum.
Once you've paid your admission ($19.95 for adults, $13.95 with a local id) you're directed to the elevators/staircases and told to begin on the third floor and work your way down.
This is a solo walking tour and throughout each floor you encounter a new era/category of organized crime.
Most notable exhibits (to me) were:  1.
The actual bricks from the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre recreated into a wall.
Memorabilia and evidence from the actual Kefauver Committee hearings.
The Mob in pop culture.
The only complaint I had is that the area from exhibit to exhibit was narrow and slim at some points and with a packed museum, I had to overlook some things just to get away from the crowds.
I'd assume, however, that would be incentive to get people to come back a second and third time, but now that I've been once, I'm pretty sure I'm good with that one visit.
I do recommend checking this place out, though.

I wasn't all that thrilled to be heading here to be honest.
I thought, "yeah, sure, that sounds fine" and went along for the ride.
I spent a couple of hours here and could've easily spent an entire day - so many things to read, watch, and see!
From the history of Vegas, through prohibition and the very beginning of mob culture, all the way through to today, often in very graphic detail.
If you're not in to crime scene death photos - this may not be the place for you.
Or at least you can scurry through that particular exhibit.
Though come to think of it, if you're not at least a little intrigued by the morbidity of it all I don't even know why you're interested in the mob.
A great temple to all things gangster!

This is one of the better tourist attractions in the city, in my opinion.
Whether you've got an interest in the mob or not, there's plenty of info and exhibits to entertain.
If you're a casual observer and just want to skim through the museum you can make it through here in about an hour.
If you want to read in depth about everything on display count on being here for three hours or more.
The exhibits are all beautifully presented with some more interactive than others like a video trivia game at a card table in the early Vegas section or the video/gun range simulator towards the end of the museum.
Exhibits are displayed in a linear fashion starting with early mob information on the third floor and continues through the years as you snake through the building floor after floor.
The latest chronological exhibits are on the first floor.
There are plenty of photo ops available including an electric chair you can sit in.
Other exhibits contain graphic photos of victims of mob violence.
Fortunately, that section is well marked for those that want to bypass that area.
The museum isn't exactly kid friendly (due to the nature of some of the content) but older kids and adults will appreciate the effort placed into making this one of the better museums in town.

After hating Vegas for 2 days, Matt B and I ventured over here.
It's incredible.
The museum combines Las Vegas history with the past 200 years of mob history.
I spent over 3 hours visiting and I feel like I missed a lot.
It's a vast historical museum that is highly recommended for anyone that thinks Vegas is the worst city on the planet and needs an excuse to kill time while waiting for their escape.

I loved it here.
The history the amount of details I learned so much from this.
I am a huge history geek so any museum I get a chance to go to I check out.
I recommend this to anyone wanting to get out of the Vegas scene for a few hours.

I would have given this place two more stars if it only cost $10 or less to get in and they provided free parking.
But for $41 for two people, I was expecting more.
The "museum" is a bit of a misnomer since they don't have a whole lot of actual artifacts there.
They do have the brick wall (disassembled and put back together, plus some added red paint splatters to highlight the bullet holes) where the Valentine's Day massacre happened, plus a few guns and some documents.
The rest of it is all videos that you might see on the History Channel and informational plaques and photographs on the wall.
Don't get me wrong, it is an interesting and entertaining way to spend a couple hours.
Sometimes it's nice to get out of the casino and do something different.
It is very convenient to the downtown Freemont street activities so you can make a day of it.
I just didn't think it was worth the price of admission.
But hey, it's Vegas so everything is pricey.

This museum is top quality.
Must see!
We brought our 11-year old and he found it absolutely fascinating.
We highly recommend it

this is for the Mob Museum store at the DOWNTOWN CONTAINER PARK.
A small place, but with a nice selection, some great books and a very knowledgeable guy on the counter.
This guy is a great asset to the company.
I hope they look after him.
One of the few people in vegas who actually enjoy their work.

Ok its $19.95 a person to get in but elderly and military do get a discount.
Plus this museum is really well worth it.
There are THREE floors of VERY interactive displays.
There is A LOT to read and learn so you could easily go here a few times before you exhaust all the information.
I really enjoyed how hands on everything was.
It was quite advanced and I could overhear some simpletons commenting 'I don't get it', well.... TOUCH IT!
The 2nd floor was my favorite as it really got down and dirty with old Vegas and the Mobsters who ran it.
All in all this is A great place to check out!

I love this place!
A very different kind of museum and it really pulls you in to the mob lifestyle.
We were there well over 2 hours.
Seeing exhibits include the families of these mobsters was very powerful.
Everything here was designed well and you can tell they put in so much effort.
I would gladly visit repeatedly!
It's interactive and all the content is interesting!

Great museum!
If your local I suggest coming on Tuesdays it's buy one get one free after 1pm and we only pay 14 bucks .
It's three large floors with interactive machines and videos you have information everywhere!
So much to learn.
It's a bit over whelming if ur rushed so take your time.
My favorite was the court house hearing and to know that there was so much history in the building itself is awesome..

Outstanding museum.
I thought it was well worth the $20 admission charge.
Even better if you qualify for 1 of the discounts.
If you're a fact and detail nerd like me, you could easily spend a half day here digesting everything.
The staff is great, especially the funny guy at the beginning of the tour who drops a bunch of mob jokes.
He alone made the tour for me within the first 5 minutes.
You go at your own pace.
They have little alcoves throughout the tour that show movies and it's interactive throughout.
Prior reviews have said that the museum glorifies mob history.
That's probably true a little.
I wouldn't take young kids here, but for teenagers and impressionable minds, perhaps a morality tale can be woven into the visit?
A life of crime usually works out bad in the end.
Loved the gift shop too.
Superb!

I enjoyed it.
It was affordable and you go at your own pace.
The staff was friendly!
It was interesting to learn about the subject.
I was hoping for a little more about how the mob was here in vegas vs just about the mob in general.
Would definitely recommend and its nice to get away from the crowds a bit.

Completely worth the trip downtown and the money for the ticket.
The museum is sooooo well done.
Designed by the Smithsonian Group (so I was told), this museum using a great mix of real artifacts, videos, and interactive components to tell the story of famous mobsters across the nation.
They have some fantastic artifacts here from weapons to the actual real wall from the St. Valentine's Day Massacre!
Yes!
They had it shipped for preservation and display forever in the Sin City!
And, the building itself is special history to Las Vegas: the famous Kefauver Committee had their hearings in the restored court room in this very building.
They preserved this part of it and allow you to sit in the courtroom and relive the hearings.
It's such a great piece of history!
If you are local, go ahead and buy the year pass.
It's worth the money and I got giddy when the ticket booth attendant handed me a poker chip and said "Welcome to the mob.
"   You won't find better mob history in Vegas (don't bother with the Mob Experience at the Trop or wherever it is moving to)...unless you are secretly already a part of it.

Totally worth it!
They said it would be 2.5-3 hours - at 3 hours,when the place was closing, I still had much of one floor left to see.
Very very immersive and very well done.

Finally finished - if you are intrigued by this era & topic (& Las Vegas founding history) give yourself plenty of time - many great short films, displays, artifacts, etc....
The exhibits are very professionally done, staff is well informed, very helpful & nice.
Highly recommend!
I actually purchased an annual membership - is a good value.

If you are local tell them.
You get free parking and also u only pay 14 to get in.
We'll worth the trip and your time.
We were there tonight till 7:30 we were among other told it was closing time :( we didn't finish.
There is so much to see !!
Make sure you give yourself a full 3 hour time Cuz they shut light at 7:30.
It's really big and u have the freedom to walk around on your own and there is alot of video clips.
Also benches along the corners incase someone in ur group needs a seat :) I really loved this and I loved the las vegas history involved in it

I enjoyed visiting this museum.
Keep in mind that there's a lot of reading to do.
Average time to finish this museum is about 2.5 hours, so make sure you have plenty of time to visit this exhibit.
It's great for everyone to come and learn about the history of mobs.

Very KOOL!!
The building alone is a great piece of history.
Lots of very KOOL pictures, videos and mob facts and theories.
Not for the kids but great fir mom and dad.

I love going to Vegas.
Usually the highlight of my trips here are the nights I get so drunk that I can barely remember anything other than making friends with strangers all night, but this time, THIS time, Mob Museum beat out any fun drunken stupor I may have had.
What a freaking cool place!
Seriously.
A friend of mine told me about the museum a mere few days before our trip, so my boyfriend and I made sure to head over there.
$20 entry fee.
Not bad, in my opinion.
I love museums, but let's be honest, they can all get quite boring after a while, no?
Okay, maybe it's just me, but after the first hour, I tend to just mosey on by and occasionally glance at the things that seem like they may be interesting.
Not here.
For the first time, I found myself wanting to read every bit of info, take advantage of every interactive display, watch every single video (and there are a few) this place offered.
Maybe it's the content that had me so intrigued, but couldn't get enough!
I learned so much about the Mob and its beginnings.
PLUS, this place helped me get a better understanding of one of my favorite shows: Boardwalk Empire.
That alone is worth the trip, I think.
I love the set-up.
Everything is fresh and clean, still feeling very new.
I also liked that it wasn't busy, so we really had time to soak everything in.
Great work on the videos!
Honestly, the Kefauver movie was my absolute favorite.
Such cool artifacts.
Holding an actual Tommy Gun was pretty awesome (man, what I wouldn't do to actually shoot one of those at the gun range), and the St. Valentine's Day Massacre wall was one of the eeriest things I have ever seen, coming second to the catacombs in Paris.
One of my favorite rooms was the one set-up like a night club with booths.
They play a movie that talks about mob portrayal in movies.
Being a movie buff, I definitely appreciated it.
We got here around 5 and thought that we would catch everything with time to spare (closing time at 8), but at the end, wished we had allotted more time.
We had to rush the final exhibit, so give yourselves time to take it all in.
I learned so many cool tidbits that I hadn't known before!
I am so glad we went and now I'm DYING for the final season of Boardwalk to start!

The Mob Museum is located in downtown Las Vegas in a building that is in the registry of National Historical buildings.
The building was once the Post Office and Courthouse.
It is attractively restored to its original motif.
The museum provides an excellent history of Italian immigration in the latter 1800's.
The history concentrates on the evolution of Organized Crime In the United States beginning with the Sicilian Union, originally organized to protect the Italian population from other ethnic groups.
The history continues to the present day which includes the mob influence in  the growth of Las Vegas.
The ex bits were extraordinary.
Anxious to tell others about it and looking  forward to visiting again.

One of my favorite museums in Vegas!
PROTIP: If you're a Nevada resident, flash your ID and it's $13.95 admission.
Or $10 if you flash your student ID.
I believe there is also reentry privileges through the day.
Located on Stewart and Casino Center.
This museum building used to be one of Las Vegas' first county post office.
The building itself is gorgeous and I'm a sucker for architecture.
Three floor of brutal mob history.
This place is great even if you have minimal interest in the mob.
My friend and I went on a weekend around noon and we stayed until closing several hours later!
The exhibit starts on the 3rd floor.
You take the elevator up.
The usher was awesome.
He greeted us as we were going up.
He was in character and dressed to the nines in what you think is mobster-wear from the 20s.
Very cool.
The staff is knowledgeable about mob history here!
We had fun asking them about the details on some of the court cases.
There's a few interactive exhibits like touchscreens for the specifics on the mobs in each major city in the U.S. and the popular mobsters originating from each location.
You get to touch a non-functioning model of the Thommy gun and hear the gunshots it makes.
Yes, there's lots of reading, but it's a museum.
Expect some active reading and not passive learning reality crap on TLC.
There's artifacts like giant thigh flasks from the prohibition era to holding an actual gun as an FPS exhibit.
Informative, overwhelming, and surprisingly fun!
One of the highlights is the actual reassembled St. Valentine's Day massacre wall (one of the bloodiest massacres in mob history).
Incredibly cool to see.
Plenty of history here including Las Vegas' seedy origins.
They don't sugarcoat the mob killings either.
There's some graphic pictures on the second floor detailing some of the most gruesome mob hits.
Even with us spending several hours here, we still didn't get to see everything on the last floor (first floor).
The place was closing, so we had to breeze right through it.
Definitely coming back here.
If you want something different in Vegas and a little culture, Mob Museum is where it's at.
I'm not too interested in mob history, but this was awesome.
I'd recommend it to families with older kids to enjoy.
Even at a discount, I wouldn't mind paying full-price for this museum.

Great museum.
Well organized.
Go at your own pace.
Save money with $2 off coupon in books around Vegas plus save more with teacher I.D.
Love how all the staff is dressed up.
You can take The Deuce bus there and back.
And see Fremont St too!
Good prices at gift shop.

For those that love Mafia history this museum is a must see!
It had extensive information on La Cosa Nostra in all of America not just Vegas.
3 floors of exhibits with artifacts, many movies, audio, and interactive quizzes.
I spent 3 hours reading almost everything!
The Thompson machine gun is fun to pretend to shoot.
The actual wall from the Valentines Day massacre was moved there!
The building used to be the post office and Courthouse.
You can sit in the actual room they had one of the Kefauver hearings while watching a video on 3 screens about it!
Tips: 1)  They offer student and military discounts with ID 2)  Park in Binnions self parking for free 3 hour parking with validating at casino cashier (instead of paying $5 at the museum) 3) plan to spend hours

This was a pretty interesting place, however I don't think it's worth what we had to pay even with our discounts.
I thought there was going to be more artifacts then there really was...
Most of the tour consists of you walking through the building reading things off of the wall.
There are a few areas where they play movies, and you go into the main courthouse of the building and watch a show.
I don't think the movies are anything more than what you would see on the Discovery Channel watching a documentary.
To be honest I didn't even sit down and watch them very long.
There are a few historic things but not much to look at.
They start you up at the third floor of the building and at your leisure walk down to the first floor.
Be prepared to pay five dollars for parking and around $40 for a couple.
For me it's a been there done that kind of thing... Now the big question would I be back?
No.
Is this a place I'd want to take my friends or family if I was visiting Vegas after I have already been there?
No.
Would I tell any of my friends this is a must see attraction in Vegas?
No.

Worth every penny!
The husband and I spent 3 hours at this museum (about an hour on each floor), and easily could have spent more!
All of the exhibits are so informative and beautifully set up.
There are many videos to sit and watch, lots of interactive exhibits to partake in, many actual mobster/prohibition/police artifacts to see, and so much more.
"Shooting" a Tommy Gun, listening to the real recording of John Gotti that put him away, seeing the actual St. Valentine's Day massacre wall with visual/audio illustrations, taking the blood oath with the mob scenario and joining the Witness Protection Program scenario are just a couple of my favorite interactive exhibits.
The staff is professional, informative, and helpful.
Parking is $5 and is right next to the building.
We loved the entire Mob Museum experience.
We will definitely be coming back to this museum upon our next visit to LV!

Very cool, well organized and put together museum.
It is a bit pricey so look for a $2 off coupon and purchase online.
My husband is really into mob shows like the Sopranos, Board Walk Empire and various movies.
This was the perfect place to learn a bit of mafia history and it's involvement in Las Vegas.
You get 3 stories of artifacts, movies, interactive displays and actual audios of wire taps.
The movies were very informing and I feel like learned more about the mob than I ever truly wanted to know.
Some of the exhibits are very explicit and gruesome.
I wouldn't recommend this for kids.
I really enjoyed this museum, it was one of the highlights of our trip.
I think it is a must see when in Vegas.

This was one of the best things I've ever done in Vegas.
I was amazed by this place.
The building itself is pure history, but the entire experience is better than any show or tour I've ever taken on the Strip.
It's reasonably priced and well worth going to see.

This museum is a really cool place to check out.
There is so much to learn here about the Chicago Mob and its influence on Las Vegas.
It has a comprehensive history on the Mob and the police efforts to squash them.
It shows information about all of their illegal activities and has this cool room with stacks of money to show you how much they skimmed from the books and hid from the government.
It is three stories and you walk through it at your own pace.
I made the mistake of going right before lunch, not realizing that it takes some time to read through everything and see everything and had to stop for a snack at the gift shop.
Eat lunch beforehand and enjoy!
The gift shop is one of the best that I have seen at these in town exhibits.
I will also note that they recently donated a million dollars or something to the city of Las Vegas which makes me like them even more.

I recently moved to Las Vegas and had some friends in town to visit so I suggested coming to the Mob Museum because I had heard good things about it.
It has some really interesting stuff about the history of the mob and Vegas.
I am not a museum buff but I was entertained.
The only gripe I would have is my friends wife speaks Portuguese and all the exhibits are in English.
It didn't affect my experience but something you may want to remember if you have foreigners.
Some great photo opportunities though.
Had a great time.

We had fun!
The police line up was cool for pictures and so was the electric chair.
This was very informational if you are in to the mob and past police practices.
They have many news casts playing throughout.
They take you through a simulated trial.
All in all we enjoyed it.
Not sure what if anything that could be added to this.

Great fun.
Spent an entire afternoon here enjoying well presented history.
Enjoyed this more than the no defunct Mob experience

Really a pleasant surprise.
It is located right in downtown Las Vegas.
It a very detailed museum of the mob from the Las Vegas point of view.
I have been a follower of the mob for years.
The museum was really detailed on the Kefauver hearings.
Really informative and logically set up.
Check in on Yelp and get a discount.

Ah, yeah!
Bang, bang- this's the spot!
Very entertaining, slightly interactive and it resides where the mobsters trials were held.
Cute items in gift shop and affordable!
Discounted ticket prices for locals and kids.
Had a great time!

If you've watched the Ken Burns documentary Prohibition, HBO's Boardwalk Empire, TNT's Mob City, or read LA Noir by John Buntin, this museum is for you!
The exhibits are well done and very interactive.
It's not a tired or worn out museum but is quite engaging with good uses of technology.
The artifacts and memorabilia are interesting.
Though I highly recommend this if you have an interest in the Prohibition era, the mafia, and the mob, I do not recommend this for children.
Overall, well done and exceeded my expectations.

I love history and museums in general but I'm a real mob enthusiast.
This place was beyond awesome and is the main reason I came to Vegas this time around.
It is very informative.
It has a good mix of interactive things thrown in.
You can sit in an electric chair, be apart of a lineup, fire a machine gun, etc.
They have a lot of artifacts and things to read to go along with them.
They have documentaries playing throughout.
It's three stories and you start on the top floor and work your way down.
It not only discusses the mob but also the law enforcement side as well.
It takes you through the rise and fall of the mob.
It takes you through the mob's influence on Vegas and Hollywood.
It gets into all the movies inspired by the mob and they even have some props from those movies.
They have a great giftshop which I course dropped a little over $100 in.
Couldn't help it.
They also had a brief survey you could take at the end and you get a free souvenir cup.
Another bonus was getting $2 off my ticket for checking in via yelp!
It was $17 which I feel is a small price to pay to see such a wonderful place.
My fav part would have to be the courtroom.
It was authentic with real furniture set up the same way complete with a bullet proof partition on front of where the judge sits.
You get to sit in there like you're really  in court as a spectator  and watch a really cool documentary with footage of The Kefauver Trials.
The room lights up blue and red like police sirens for dramatic affect.
I loved how you were allowed to take pictures of everything.
Some places are strict and don't allow photography which is a drag.
Since I flew to Vegas I took a cab and when I was ready to go I asked the staff the best way to find a cab to head back and they led me in the right direction.
The only thing that I didn't like was how crowded it was which isn't the fault of this museum.
I think due to some of the graphic pics don't bring little kids.
Some of the rooms and the way they're set up are not good for bigger crowds.
It's hard to take pictures and to see.
Some people see you trying to take a pic and they just walk right in front of you.
Rude!
That can make the experience a tad but annoying but other than that little issue it was great.
Overall this is a great place that I highly recommend.
You can easily spend a few hours here.

