Had an accident?
Need your car fixed?
Mirage Collision is the place.
No ifs, ands, or buts.
I was involved in a terrible car accident in 2011 and the entire left side of my car was basically destroyed (thanks red suv).
Luckily, my mother found this place for me to take my car to.
We went together and both felt like their estimate for fixing my car was the most honest, and upon talking to Thuy, I knew that me and my car were in good hands.
I am very grateful for how quickly and efficiently they got it done.
My car is once again in perfect condition.
This review is posted pretty late, but it is just another way for my to express how thankful I am.
I still continue to take my car here for any checkups or if I have any questions they're more than willing to help!

Took our car here after a rear end collision.
They took care of everything including helping us get a rental car!!!
The service does not get any better than here!!!
When we picked up the car, the car looked brand new again!!!
You couldn't even tell that it was in a wreck.
I then also decided to bring my other car here to have the starter replaced.
They had my other car running in no time!!

My truck got hit and I took it too Mirage Collisions and they repaired it back to new.
I'm so ecstatic to get my truck back and it feels just as good.
Their quality is great and their pricing is reasonable.
I like the way they make you feel as if you are their best customer when calling or stopping by.
There's a comfortable lounge and tv for customers leisure.

Best body shop in town.
Great prices and will pay part of deductible if needed.

They do everything you need without asking, always 10 steps ahead and whatever questions you have, they answer!!
It's always good to know and trust a car doctor!

I took my truck here to get fixed, and they did a great job.
They are all about making sure your car is fixed and back to 100% before you drive it out.
The staff is really friendly, easy to talk to, and try their best to make sure you're taken care of.
They take alot of pride when repairing cars.
I had my dad, and coworkers gotten their car fixed here, and now they're repeat customers.

Call these peeps of mine, It's a family owned Business & I've know them since I've lived in the US :-) Very professional and get the job done right!

After reading other Yelpers reviews I took my car down here to get an estimate.
I had a small dent in my back bumper and part of my front bumper had popped off.
When I got there I wasn't really sure where the office was-just saw the garage.
A guy spotted me and I believe he was the owner.
He took me inside after looking at the car to get an estimate.
He had to make a call to see how much the clips were.
After he was done pricing everything out it came out to about $600, but he said he would do a discount for around $450.
I did not think my car had that much amount of damage so I said I would come back.
I drove down the street and Bumper Medic fixed everything for $116!!!
Glad I walked out!

After taking my car here and having the front end fixed,  windshield repaired,  and Windows tinted for a great price, I thought I was leaving satisfied.
Once I got home I realized my smog lights and automatic rear view mirrors were not working and the door was not shutting properly.
When I took the car in everything worked perfect,  I just wanted body work done.
I took the car back and they happily fixed it and even popped out a minor dent for free.
Leaving the shop happy once again only to find out my taillights are now not working.
Finding this out at 1 am when ur leaving work is not the best feeling in the world.
After getting back in touch with the shop, they responded they had not touched the tail lights.
they were working fine when I bright the car in.
I was too frustrated to even go back and let them "fix" THEIR mistake.
They also quoted my other car, which is a nissan versa, 700 $$ to Fix the air.
They have a huge sign saying free estimates but they charged me 125 $ to diagnose my air conditioning.
Your joking right!
Need less to say I never going back.
2 stars for popping out my dent.

Outstanding service!
They aim to please the consumer, not their pocket books.
words cannot describe outstanding they are or how pleased I am.
Highly recommended!

