Very nice office and friendly staff.
Dr. Ferrall was also very friendly and knowledgeable.
After reading the previous Yelp reviews on his other listing (http://www.yelp.com/biz/aztmj-scottsdale) I was sure to ask them how much my insurance company was going to cover and how much I would have to pay out of pocket.
My total for the initial office consultation and scan thing came to $120 which was the exact amount they told me it would be when I asked over the phone.
If they were wrong about my insurance and send me a bill I will update this review.
The only downside is that they refuse to do anything more for you at the initial consultation if you don't agree to injections or put down a ton of money for a dental appliance.
If you are in pain they refuse to give you a prescription for muscle relaxants or an anti-inflammatory medication.
Another thing that put me off was that if you are hesitant to plop down $500 on the spot for the dental appliance, they try to negotiate the down payment like a car dealer and even offer you interest free financing.
I'm going to get a second opinion from a dentist to see if Dr. Ferrall's treatment plan is legit and worth $900 out of my pocket.

AZ TMJ wasn't the first doctor I saw in regards to the issues with my TMJ as I had previously gone to Dr. Bernstein in Tempe.
Put off by his lack of bedside manner and financing options, I did my research and decided to give Dr. Farrell a shot and I'm sure glad I did!
Dr. Farrell has an exceptional staff who are professional, friendly, and willing to work with you.
Becky & Linda are super outgoing and friendly and make you feel welcomed to be apart of the AZ TMJ family.
The medical assistants are just as equally friendly and knowledgeable.
In addition to the wonderful office staff, Dr. Farrell is a great doctor who actually listens to you and addresses short term solutions (usually the pain) and comes up with a long term solution to get you back to normal (splint therapy).
He tells you up front the costs, what solutions he will use in the short term and then for the long term.
Now if you've ever gone in for a consultation for TMJ, you know that the treatment is pretty pricey especially if you have crappy insurance (like me).
Luckily, the office has a variety of payment options available to you in the event that you aren't able to fork over $1,500+ for treatment.
I like that they have the option to use Care Credit or a payment plan which is something that Dr. Bernstein did not offer.
Once you pay for the treatment, you don't have to worry about anything else unless there's an issue with your insurance billing.
Once treatment begins, you are in the office every two weeks and then once a month until the treatment is completed.
I'm on month 2 of treatment and I'm seeing very slow process which is what I expected and what Dr. Farrell told me from the beginning.
Part of the treatment involves a soft to liquid diet during that time which is a real bummer considering that I love to eat all foods, but my jaw wasn't getting any better so it's a small price to pay for the next 3-6 months until it gets better.
That's what happens when you slip and fall in the bathtub and use your face to catch your fall...[insert sarcasm here].
Needless to say, Dr. Farrell and team are awesome and a pleasure to work with.
He is highly recommended in my book of doctors!

I've been plagued with headaches and what I thought were sinus conditions for over 20 years.
My PCP recently diagnosed me with migraines and subscribed Imitrix, which usually does the trick, but I'm not one who likes to take prescription drugs.
Recently I went to a new chiropractor, who after taking X-rays and working with me for almost 2 months, asked if I had ever been to specialist who analyzed my jaw.
I explained that I have worn a splint for many, many years issued by my dentist.
He said that wasn't the same as having someone who specializes in TMJ.
He referred me to Dr. Bernstein in Tempe.
I called and scheduled a consultation which would be about 5 weeks off.
Dr. Bernstein wasn't listed as one of my in-network providers, but I was getting desperate and after checking with my insurance company, I would end up paying something but not the full pop.
Meanwhile, I searched the internet for any other doctors who might specialize in TMJ and found Dr. Farrell at AZ TMJ (who is an in-network provider for my insurance).
I called and spoke to Linda who was very helpful and knowledgeable.
I scheduled a consultation with Dr. Farrell, which ironically ended up being the same day as Dr. Bernstein, but two hours later.
I took my husband along with me to make sure I got all my information straight and basically both doctors said the same thing.
I don't have TMJ (no bone loss), I have TMD...I clench my teeth and jaw and therefore it affects my jaw, teeth, ears, face, neck and the muscles into my shoulders.
Both doctors recommended I get an upper and lower splint.
The staff at both were pleasant and more so at AZ TMJ.
Also, we both felt Dr. Farrell was a little more thorough, though in the end they both said basically the same thing.
I went with AZ TMJ because 1).
they accept insurance and 2).
they are a lot closer to me.
Both doctors were very knowledgeable and professional and I would recommend either one of them, but if you are looking for someone who will coddle you...I don't think either one, especially Dr. Farrell would be a fit for you.
They are professional, but to the point...no dilly dallying around.
The first two weeks after getting my night splint and day splint I still woke up to the beginning of migraines...in fact probably more so, but the past week is so much better.
In fact I have gone 6 days straight now without a headache compared to getting them 3 to 5 times a week.
I have searched the web a lot and have found out oftentimes people think they have a sinus condition because their jaw and upper teeth hurt.
With me, I also get facial pain.
This masks what can actually be a type of migraine.
Whether it is my new splint or the new procedure my chiropractor is doing or a combination, it has appeared to have helped so far.
I don't dread going to bed knowing that I will be woken up around 3am with my head hurting to lay down on a pillow.
In the end, we were very pleased with Dr. Farrell.
We did not feel like we were being "sold" or "pressured".
In fact, when I asked about injections, he said he wanted to hold off and see what happens with the splints.
I hope this information helps.
As to the person who posted that Dr. Farrell said he was glad that the splint hurt...I think they took it a little out of context.
It is a foreign object and it does take getting used to and it is a little uncomfortable...what else would you expect?

I know this update to this review is a long time after I originally wrote the first one, but I had to think about what I was going to write.
First of all, I will say that since I stopped seeing Dr. Farrell I've noticed a few things: 1.
I can finally chew solid foods again.
I went SIX months on a soft foods diet (i.e.
couldn't chew anything harder than a BANANA).
I stopped using the mouth guards that were custom made for me and reverted back to the NTI guard my dentist had made me originally.
Pain is gone.
I have about $3000 in medical bills that I'm paying off for services that DID NOT HELP ME WHAT SO EVER.
Dr. Farrell is out to get your money and preys on desperation.
How do I know this?
Because I was desperate to feel better and instead of helping me, he made things signficantly worse.
Prior to visiting Dr. Farrell I had facial tenderness, jaw popping, the occasional headache and jaw tension.
Nothing that was unbearable and something that I just dealt with on a day to day basis.
Visited Dr. Farrell and I went from managable pain to excruitiating pain as soon as he gave me the anti-inflammatory shots.
I'm pretty sure those shots just immobilized my jaw for 6 months.
I was literally in hell for 6 months as I couldn't chew anything.
I was on anti-depressants, muscle relaxers, insomnia medication, pain meds, etc.
for all the issues that insued after the injections.
Fast forward to now...I'm off all medications, my jaw feels normal when I stopped drinking caffeine and cleaned up my diet AND I can finally chew solid foods and not be in pain.
People - save yourself pain and money by not coming here.
This is just the tip of the iceberg.

This office is very thorough and on the ball.
The staff is very friendly and made my husband very comfortable.
I only hope the treatment he had done will help.
Only time will tell.

I had been experiencing TMJ pain and associated daily headaches prior to visiting AZ TMJ and now kick myself for not going to Dr. Farrell sooner.
I felt relief after just a couple days of treatment.
Now that my therapy/treatment schedule is complete, I'm happy to say I'm back to normal and so grateful.
I can now use my custom-made splints as needed and am sleeping like a baby.
The staff are friendly, professional and caring and I would recommend them without hesitation.

