About the same quality as the spring mtn location, but slightly more generous on meat.
Seems to have all the same things but no froyo, not open 24/7 (7a-9p), and they're strictly cash only for now.
It kind of smells like sewage right now, but assuming that's just a temporary problem.
At least this stores soft opening seems to be going way smoother than the other one.
Only 5 min wait not the 45 min clusterf*ck I experienced last year

not 24 hours, but I will take what I can get to have Lee's on this side of town!

It was a madhouse in there today with the grand opening.
I opted out of the buy 1 get 1 coffee because 1) I am a tea drinker and 2) I was not with anyone who could try the second one.
There was no way I was going to drink 2 coffees!
Nevertheless, I got there after 10 but still acquired a $5 gift card for being in the first 500 customers.
The place was insanely crowded with people in suits - apparently there was some lawyer event outside and even some guys wearing cool pants dancing and hitting drums.
I ordered the vegetarian banh mi which included tofu and yam.
I had no idea how to get in line originally until I asked, and then when my number was called I had no idea where to pick up...and finally figured it out.
Oddly, I had completely forgotten that I have been to Lee's in Houston with my brother a few times but it was so long ago that I never made the connection when Lee's opened in Chinatown - I never went to that location and I thought it was only in California.
I think next time I will use my gift card for boba (avocado shake sounds pretty good right now!
) - but my sandwich was unremarkable.
I ate it while perusing fresh52 which led me to buy feta batard from Bon Breads :)  The tofu (fried) and yam were shredded so that they appeared like potato sticks.
The carrot and daikon cuts were much bigger.
I was disappointed, because at Pho Thanh Huong I get the steamed tofu which is sizeable, clearly healthier, and more appealing to eat.
I do think it is cool that this joint opened in Henderson.
For Henderson banh mi, I recommend Lemongrass Cafe.
For central, PTH.
I still need to try Dakao.
Yet it is still nice to know I can get boba nearby, so I will be back!
CASH ONLY

Great service, healthy menu and delicious drinks...what's not to love?

-Cash only  -With 4 people making sandwiches, service was still SLOW  -Lee's combination sandwich was mediocre.
Just like a previous reviewer stated, I also found the taste to be off  and it made me feel sick after eating half  -Do not get the thai tea here, VERY sweet and has a weird after taste  I prefer Mr.
Sandwich still

The sandwiches are delish and they have a variety of stuff to look at while you wait the half hour to get your food,They are cash only unless you spend over 14$ which is kinda hard to do because there Sandwiches are CHEAP!!
i enjoyed the BBQ pork "Asian Sandwich" (ban mi to every other restaurant) And the chicken sandwich from the Asian side.
They also had a variety of exotic chips we got jack fruit chips.
The bread is baked there along with lots of other pastry items.
16$ for 4 sandwiches and jack fruit chips.

I haven't tried the Spring Mtn.
location, but the bread seemed fresher than the Lee's I've been to in CA.
Might have just got lucky though.
I got my usual vegetarian baguette, which did not have as much stuff in it as I am used to.
Could have used a couple more things of cilantro too.
But the bread was definitely better.
Kind of disappointed they did not have any deli manjoo, but it was after 8 p.m. on a weeknight, so that could be my bad timing.
No wait though.

Lots of kinks in this new location.
Welcomed into the restaurant by powerful smell of gas, but reassured by staff that it's just the way the food smelled.
Really, I just went in there to take advantage of the coupon in the LV Weekly/Seven (BOGO Ice coffee).
Staff was baffled by the coupon and far be it for me to ask them to honor something they didn't understand...but clearly paid advertising dollars for.
Sticking to Chinatown for the time being...

This place is a little overrated to me.
Sure the bread is good because it's fresh, but the meats don't ever sound appetizing nor are they satisfying.
I guess I'm used to true Vietnamese style sandwiches and I've had so many better one.

Food: 4 Stars Atmosphere: 4 Stars Service: 4 Stars  I really like the modern interior of the Lee's Sandwich shop on Easter in Henderson.
The staff seemed eager to answer any questions I had and took my order with a smile and a polite thank you.
I ordered the Jambon (ham)  & Cheese with the anticipation that the sandwich would taste like the one I had in France last year, but I know you can't reproduce the flavors of a rural community like France.
The meat was lacked the flavor I expected, but the bread and cheese really made up for that.
My Girlfriend ordered a standard Turkey and Cheese that tasted amazing!
I also ordered the Pork Bun to give it a quick taste test and was really surprised how good it was.
I don't think this place is something that you absolutely have to try, but I was really impressed with the quality and quantity of the sandwich for the price.
I think I'll continue to go back and sample the Asian sandwich line up they have.
Give this place a try and I'm sure you'll be happy with the food.

I am addicted to their sandwiches and coffee.
There's nothing better than Lees fresh bread with all the fixings inside.
Their bread is so fresh, it's perfect.
Blended drinks are great to add with my meal there.

Who would have thought an Asian Sandwich place would be so nice.
Great sandwiches.
There are a lot of different ones to try,the taste is not just focused on the meat but the fillings.
Seems that they really have the fillings, the spices and the flavor just right.
We tried the below sandwiches and they were all very nice!
Lee's Combination Cured Pork Roll Pork Roll with Pate Pate Grilled Pork  2.
The Bread - Really the best part.
Nothing like a sandwich on Baguette.
The coffee - Ordered some Vietnamese coffee to go with the condensed milk.
Nice.
Free Wifi - That is nice.
Variety - It is great to see the variety of asian style foods coming to Las Vegas and the plethora of Vietnamese sandwich places is great and this one is very clean.
Gotta check it out or just go for the coffee!

We usually go to Hue Thai, however it's on the other side of town.
So with that said I got the house special at Lee's on Eastern & Serene.
The bread was excellent, meat, pate, & vegetables were delicious.
I rally don't have anything negative to say about them.
The price was fair & the decor very simple but nice.
Go try it if your in the area.

This last few times i went in here they have been skimping on the toppings in the sandwich.
The chicken Asian sandwich was very empty.
I had to go home and put more stuff in it just to make me feel like i was not eating a plain baguette.
Its good but hardly enough stuff in the sandwich.I picked up a coconut waffle that was sitting on the counter also that was pretty tasty when toasted in the toaster and put ice cream in the middle.
About $8 dollars for 2 sandwiches and a coconut waffle.

Just as good as the Lee's Sandwiches in southern california.
The bread is fresh, and warm, and perfectly crunchy.
All the comforts that a nice sandwich should have.
For first timers: remember, these are Vietnamese sandwiches.
The Baguette sandwiches are a little different than what you'll get at Subway.
They come with pickled veggies and pate and they really are delicious if you want to be adventurous.
If you're looking for a more americanized sandwich try their Crossant Sandwiches.
Here's where you'll find your typical roast beef, turkey, cheese, etc.
I subtracted a star because you have to pay 0.50 for refills.
BOO!
Other than that I have absolutely no complaints.

Great price and good food

Warm fresh baked bread....The Best

Heard about it.. driven by it... and now I've tried it!
Clean, modern vibe with a helpful staff!
We were headed to BJ's and I made the comment to my husband that I had heard great things about this place and that they were out of California.
He suggested to eat there, which I thought would be better for lunch, but it made for a nice casual dinner!
Our girls with us, we decided to order several different items off the menu and share it all.
The chicken wings were incredible.
I'm not a big fan like my family, but they were hot, crisp and had a kick...
If you're craving chicken wings.. try them out.
We also ordered the Roasted Pork sandwich.. Great pork topped with pickled vegetables and jalepeno on a soft and crunchy Baguettte.
Fantastic choice.
The meat was tender and flavorful and the vegetables added just the right amount of crunch and great flavor.
We also ordered the steamed pork and egg bun.
The bun was nice and soft, the pork meatball was flavorful and the hard boiled egg, was just that, and egg.
It was a bit dry, and I think I might have been looking for the flavor of the BBQ pork buns when eating dim sum.
We ordered the Shrimp & Pork Spring rolls, which are made ahead of time.
If they were made fresh to order, the taste would be much different.
Instead the rice paper wrap was chewy.
The dipping sauce was mediocre.
Not enough peanut flavor.
We also got a BLT on a baguette, great choice.
First time I had seen red onion on a BLT,  It was still good.
Looking forward to going back, and I'm sure I'll order the roasted pork sandwich again!
It's that good!

I'm giving Lee's 4 stars because I love the service.
Food - 3 stars.
The place was empty when I arrived to pick up my order.
I was in Henderson & craving a sandwich.
The employee who took my call was very friendly and helpful.
When I picked my order, it was promptly ready as I wanted it.
And given with a smile!
I'm not sure if I was just expecting less from here.
Maybe it didn't sound like they went above & beyond, but I guess I loved that it was fast, uncomplicated, and my sandwiches made as specified.
As I said early, the sandwiches...just ok in my book.
Ordered double-meat on my grilled pork sandwich & still pretty skimpy to me.
The vegetarian sandwich was pretty good, and the bread was pretty hard.
I halved it with a knife and when that's hard to do, you know the bread isn't soft.
I'm not sure if I'll go back.
Maybe, if it's close.
The price is good, the service was friendly.
Hue Thai probably won on taste.

Let me start off by explaining why my review lacks the 5th star.
No doubt, the bread here is good tasting; but it is so hard and never fails to scratch the roof of my mouth!
Any way, my favorite sandwiches here are the Special Combination of course, and when I feel like I need to be good about my diet, the grilled chicken is my best bet.
I love to get extra cilantro and peppers!
My favorite side dish here are the sesame balls.
I can eat like 10 of them!
My favorite drink here is there Cafe Sua.
Strong, sweet, and gives you that coffee high if you like it!
This is my go to spot for a nice cheap lunch!
Great prices for great food!
Yelp Challenge!
Started 8/20/2011 (65/365).

Good food.
Fresh bread.
Great atmosphere.
Huge restaurant with plenty of seating.
Always open.

Sandwiches were good and bread was fresh.
Service was friendly but  I was a bit peeved by the fact that they didn't fully honor the Yelp Deal ($12 for $20).
The cashiers didn't know anything about the deal advertised on Yelp and didn't know how process the offer and didn't allow me to use the full $20.
I got tired of explaining how it worked and just gave in.
I may go there for the sandwiches again but won't be buying any Groupons or Yelp deals for this place.

I would have given lee's sandwich 1 stars a few months back but after the recommendation of my friend, I tried their pork sandwich and I must say, I've been back a few time in just the last few weeks.
I'm not too crazy about the other items on their menu but that sandwich alone is worth going back for.
Their open late also so convenient.

So.....what to say here.
Place is really clean, has a cool decor and they play CNN on their TV.
Sandwich was blah at best.
My ham was kinda slimy like it was out of an Oscar Meyer package, the lettuce was barely there, tomato had green seeds, my cheese was like right out of the vending machine at a prison ward, I did get one whole package of mustard, there's no other sides to choose from, and their fountain drinks come from the back so you can't get refills.
I wouldn't go back.
Go next store to the beach hut sandwich place it's much much better.

I was a little scared to try this place after seeing all of the bad reviews.
I came in with realistic expectations knowing it wouldnt be as good as the bahn mi's I'd had in Socal, but was pleasantly surprised.
I'd say their sandwiches are a 3.5, but I rounded up to 4 since we dont have many options in Vegas.
First the bread was very fresh and had a nice crunch to it.
The vegetables inside were also had a nice crunch and paired nicely with their bbq pork.
The restaurant is nice and clean and at under $4 a sandwich the value is hard to beat.

Good spot for a no fuss quick lunch.
I think I was fortunate to arrive at Lee's when they just brought out fresh bread.
It makes their simple bahn mi go from a 3 star to a 4 star sandwich.
Unfortunately, you need to eat this sandwich in one sitting or else the bread will go stiff and in this case stiff isn't a good thing.
I don't know why but I like their pork and shrimp spring rolls better than their sandwiches.
If you haven't tried it, give it a shot!

Try the grilled pork sandwich, or was it roast pork?
I can't remember, but it was really good.
However,  I did not care for the Vietnamese stuffed bao or bread.

Reading through all the reviews from here, I noticed a lot of people gave this place fairly low ratings.
Despite that, I am giving this place 4 stars because the banh mi there was fresh and it was packed nicely with lots of veggies and meat.
I also ordered a side of honeydew boba slush, which was okay.
I do love the decor of the place.
Very bright and modern with a clean atmosphere.
This place is great for a quick lunch or a to go lunch.

Bread is so hard it cut the roof of my mouth!!!!
The boba smoothie special is a great deal for $1.99.
Much better than #1 boba down the road.
Fyi... takes awhile for your order.

Besides the smell when entering this establishment, the sandwiches are great !!
So many to try from, you can not tell that you ate a vegetarian sandwich.
The baguettes are baked fresh.
I had a chance to try a few of them that day.I wish they had more options for the Banh Mi.
Being from Europe, I don't recall some of these being european sandwiches.
More like American.
I will be back again to try some more.

Clean, TAKES credit cards unlike the ones in OC and makes baguettes on the daily.

This is a 3 1/2 star review rounded up.
I decided to round up instead of down based on the great customer service.
A friendly and helpful attitude made all the difference.
When I walked in I was greeted warmly.
The menu is enormous and the guy behind the counter was more than happy to assist with my ordering.
I didn't personally need any help, but I appreciated his eagerness.
After decided on a sandwich and an iced coffee, I paid.
My food and drink was ready very quickly and I was on my way.
It wasn't the best banh mi I've ever had, but it was definitely tasty.
For about $5 I got a drink and sandwich for lunch.
I can't argue with that.
My banh mi was pretty spicy, which I like, but if it's not your thing make sure you let them know in advance.
I'll be back for a quick bite at lunch since I work in t he area.

Although smaller than the Lee's on Spring Mt., this location has the same menu and is clean and airy.
My grilled pork banh mi was absolutely yummy.
And spicy!
Take out the peppers if this is not your thing.
The bread is always made fresh here and they also have these huge pork and egg baos for just $1.99 each.
If you're looking for good cheap food, this place is worth a visit.

This is the worst lees ever!
Sugar cane juice was old!
They didn't give us a sandwich we ordered but we didn't fun out till later!
Cash only just bad!

Great variety of sandwiches on some of the best bread ever.
My wife LOVES the coffee!

Woke up one morning with a random craving for Thai Tea.
(Weird, right.
)  Went on Yelp to search for "thai tea" and was surprised to see a Lee's Sandwich just opened in my area.
Drove on over and really liked the place.
Very clean, bright, and reminded me of many Japanese boba spots in Hawaii or Spring Mountain.
Ordered my usual chicken bahn mi, thai tea, and a manapua (siopao).
I know I only wanted the thai tea but, since I was there, I figured I might as well make the most out of my trip.
And I wanted to compare it to other bahn mi's I've had.
Chicken bahn mi was good.
BUT, my initial thought was "where's the chicken?
" There wasn't enough meat.
I, also, ordered extra veggies and it didn't seem like extra.
Total disappointment.
I did like the jalapeno kicker in the sandwich tho.
I, usually, add sriracha to my 'wich to add some heat to it.
Thai tea was yummy.
I liked that it wasn't too sweet and thicker than I've normally had.
I assume from the condensed milk.
Pork siopao (manapua) was yummy!
I liked that it had a boiled egg in the middle.
Reminded me alot of Bale siopaos back home in Hawaii.
All in all; I love bahn mis yet, have yet to find my go-to spot in Vegas.

So I had a strong craving for a Vietnamese sandwich, but I hadn't tried lees yet so I decided to check it out, and sadly I was a bit disappointed.
I wasn't really into that strange red meat they put on it or the liver type spread on the bottom, the bread was delicious and my taro boba was yummy, but the spring rolls had too much lettuce and noodle.
So I can't say I'll be back for sure.
Oh well it was worth the try......
I guess

I love Lee's, I really do.
I used to make the trek from Stephanie & the 215 to the spring valley location at least 1x a month to get my fix.
So when I heard that a Henderson location was opening, I was thrilled.
Yes, I live a very exciting life.
Sadly for now, or until I work up the desire to make the treks again, my love affair is over.
Why?
B/C every.
single.
time.
I have eaten at the Henderson location, I have ended up feeling sick for a good portion of the next 24 hours.
So not cool.
I probably put myself through unneeded torture trying them more times than I should have but I have finally come to accept the sad fact that it's over.
I tried to blame it on other foods or even my boys & all the nasty germs & grime they bring home, but no, it's definitely the food.
I may (stupidly) try giving them another shot a few months down the road.
I just hope that I'm not reminded why I had to quit them in the 1st place.

Service check Sandwiches are delicious especially adding the butter mayo :) yum!
The French style!

I haven't tried a whole lot of the different sandwiches but so far it's been good.
I just wish they could put more stuff in the sandwich but for the price I guess it's ok.
I really like the pickled veggies they put in there!
I've had the coffee flavored smoothie which was strong, good but strong!
I didn't like the taro boba smoothie, it was too sweet!
I will definitely go back and try the others.
One thing though, every time we go there and look at the menu, not standing in front of the cashier, we always get asked what we want.
Uhm, we're still looking?
I don't have the menu memorized so I don't really know what I want.
But it never fails, they always ask when we're still looking, even when there's no one behind us (I'm thinking they want us out of the way because other people are waiting, right?).
That's not something that would keep me from coming back.

This place has a great bakery for Asian bread type items or Banh Mi as my friend Jando insists upon :)   Plus they do very good sandwiches at good prices.
The sandwiches are mainly Asian style but also has just standard turkey, ham etc.
on fresh rolls and croissants.
All types of drinks, juices, boba teas and smoothies.
My favorite thing is the fresh squeezed sugar cane juice.
On this visit it was perfect.
I got a hollow donut it was hot and fresh.
Not really a donut but more like a lightly sweetened bread exterior with almost no bread inside.
Whatever  Staff was friendly as usual and it came out pretty quick.
I love the automated voice telling you your order number is ready.
It's cool and creepy cuz it's almost movie voice and you're being called in.
kinda weird but go get something and wait for your order and you'll think...hmmm this is weird but it's all really good.
The only knock was the seating and table area wasn't clean as it normally is.
It was in rough shape.
Takes this 5 star trip at Lees today to 4 star.
Of course I'll be back cuz I like the consistency of the food, people and free wifi.

Cheap and fast.
Food and service's only "OK".
However, they do have pretty good bakery items for a big chain store.

OMG, Someone slap me upside the head with a baguette!
I was in the strip mall Lee's is in trying to find parking on a Friday night.
The big red sign glowing caught my eye.
I had to make a mental note to check this place out.
Let's flash forward to now as I sat at my desk with the 1 million dollar question: "What the heck do I want for lunch?
"  Just as I thought of the glowing red sign popped in my head.
I just in my truck and started my sandwich mission.
When I arrived it was lunch time but the restaurant wasn't packed.
I had no idea what to order.
I had my phone in hand with mobile Yelp assisting me.
The only problem was that I couldn't get the dang pictures to load.
So I went in blind, luckily the girl at the counter was really friendly.
She asking what kind of sandwich I would like.
Once she went over the ingredients for an Vietnamese sandwich I was excited.
I ordered the bar b que pork and waiting for my number.
As I was sitting I noticed they have free wi fi.
Once I got on the network I was able to view the pics of menu items.
I noticed the steam bun looked really good.
When my sandwich was ready I ordered a steam bun too.
It was only $1.99.
Overall the the service was great.
The dining room needed to be cleaned up, but it looked like the girl at the counter was alone.
My sandwich was awesome!
The steam bun really good.
If you are in the neighborhood you must get a Lee's sandwich!
Cheers!

just recently realized that this old San Jose fave is here in my own backyard.
While I don't eat pigs, and pork is a mainstay in their menu, these guys make great chicken & veg sammiches.
soon to be a regular!

I was so excited to learn that they had opened up a Lee's Sandwich in the Henderson area!
This saves me a LONG JOURNEY (*Sarcasm*) to Spring Mountain to get my fix on a Bahn Mi.
Great location, easy to find parking and the sandwiches taste just the same as it does at the other location.
Did you know you can order DOUBLE MEAT and EXTRA VEGGIES on your sandwich?
I learned that a couple of months ago and I have been doing it ever since!
haha.
The only time I had a bad sandwich here was the meat ball sandwich.
When I see meat ball sandwich in an Asian joint, I'm thinking and Asian pork meat balsl!
Well it was basically a failed attempt at making an Asian version of the American meat ball sub.
Total fail!
I'll just stick to my usual grilled chicken and grilled pork subs from now on.
haha.

The sandwiches here are amazing!The Fresh crunchy bread makes the difference.I love the Barbq Pork sandwich with a side of hot suace poured on top.A sandwich is around 4.00.What a deal!!!
They also have baked treats and Iced coffee.Lee's does it right and it doesn't cost a lot.
Gary K.

Oddly enough, I like the Eastern location better than Chinatown.
Pretty decent selection of Banh Mi.
I prefer the Lee's Special, the combination, and the BBQ Pork.
Bread is crunchy yet fresh.
Meat is not rancid.
I'm not hard to please.
Their smoothies, however, are not my favorite.
Way too sweet and artificial tasting.
Boba, however, is firm and tasty.
The regular size ($3.29) is more than filling.
I need to try their breakfast sandwiches.
A warm baguette with egg and cheese sounds like an amazing way to start the day.
Maybe tomorrow.....

The banh mis (Asian sandwiches) here are delicious!
If you're a beginner, try the #5 (grilled pork).
Best.
Sandwich.
Ever!
I also like the #4 (grilled chicken), the #6 (BBQ pork), and #8 (shredded pork).
If you're feeling adventurous, try the #1 (combination) or the #11 (special combo).
They're a one-way ticket to flavortown and SO good!!!
The croissant sandwiches are good too!
Oh, and if you like coffee, try the variety of coffee drinks!
They are awesome too!
Just be prepared for a jolt as they are strong!!

This has got to be the nicest Lee's sandwiches I've ever seen and been in.
The place is pretty spacious, modern and welcoming.
I've never seen so many local Asians in the Vegas area.
We picked up six sandwiches on our way back to L.A. Two for breakfast, two for lunch and we still have more for lunch tomorrow.
There was a deal for buy 5, get 1 free.
Couldn't resist.
Go check it out.
It's a little Asia in the entire shopping center.
I think the coffee is a bit overpriced though.

I'm not a bahn mi fan like my husband is, but after countless times of coming here and watching him eat a sandwhich, I finally tried a BLT on a croissant and let me tell you...
I am now obsessed.
They made the croissant fresh and it made the sandwhich so delicious.
Even if you don't like the viet sandwhiches, try a regular sandwhich on a croissant, you can't go wrong!

If you buy 5 sandwiches you get 1 free!
We always order the grilled pork sandwich.

I used to frequent Lee's in Orange County, so when I found out there was one in Henderson, I had to come here while I was in town.
This location is in a super busy area, but it is worth the trek and traffic to get here.
All of the strip malls look the same, but luckily Lee's has a big sign so it was easy to spot.
We ordered Bahn Mi's with grilled pork and two Vietnamese coffees, bc you can't come here and not order one.
They are known for these coffee's and you can even buy the concentrate to make them.
They are super strong, and definitely will perk up anyone's day.
The sandwiches were delicious as expected, at amazing prices.
The only thing that was kinda weird was that it was super hot in there, and it smelled a bit weird.
They had fans blowing hot air from the back to the front, which didn't really help.
But the bahn mi's were yum and the Vietnamese coffee was delish.

If you've never had a Vietnamese submarine sandwich, you're in for a treat.
They cost quite a bit less and taste much better than the typical Sub that you'd get at the most popular nationwide chain, but if you prefer the Euro/American style subs (which typically include cheese) they have those too at a slightly higher price.
While the sandwiches are low cost, almost everything else is a little higher price than elsewhere, so the total price of a meal here comes out to be about the same as their American style competitors, but once again these Vietnamese sandwiches have a taste of their own and I'm addicted to 'em!
Up until recently everything was served ala carte, but now they offer several different combo meals that can save you a few dollars.
The location is very modern and clean looking.
The only complaint is that they keep the trash bin and napkin/fork/straw rack towards the back of the dining room instead of near the exit, so if you're leaving and want to throw your trash away you have to go back into the store to do it.
The other minor thing that could be improved is if they offered some sort of customer loyalty incentive.
I go there 2 or 3 times a week, most of the people know me there... it just would be nice to get something for free once in awhile.
Once again, not a major complaint, especially since very few other fast food places offer those incentives anymore.
The sandwiches and pastries are outstanding.
Their coffee is the best (albeit fairly expensive).
They've recently started selling Vermicelli Noodle dishes for @ $5 ( their competitors charge @ $9 for similar fare) but the Lees version is only so-so compared to those competitors.

Being from Cali Lees Sandwiches is nothing new to me there all over cali.
But now that I live in Henderson and to drive across one I was super excite, immediately pulled over bought myself a bahn mi and a taro smoothie w/boba.
Not having this for over a year has been such a disappointment.
But now that I know it's here and cheap I will make it a weekly thing until i get to sick of it lol.
Love the decor inside!!

The Banh Mi was solid.
Fulfilled the craving I was having, but I'm still in search of something to equal that of Don cafe in houston TX.

We stopped in to get a few steamed buns to take home for a light lunch after having "brunch" one afternoon, and I've definitely had better steamed pork buns elsewhere.
I was bummed that they were out of the pork bun with egg, so we ordered 2 with just bbq pork.
I could tell that they were old in the way the bread broke apart in my mouth, the bun was really dry and the filling wasn't anything special- I imagine they're much better when they're fresh.
We also added an order of 6 of the cream puffs, I recall having them at a little shop in the Meadows Mall years ago and they were delicious, but these one's weren't all that.
Very minimal cream filling and the pastry was much heavier (more like a pound cake than the fluffy cakes I'm used to).
Overall, I wouldn't make a special drive here since the Spring Mountain location is much closer to home, but I wouldn't be opposed to ordering a couple sandwiches here.

I love sandwiches.
Lee's makes good sandwiches.
From Bahn Mi to Turkey...Need I say more?
Ok, I will.
They also have great almond croissants (they usually only make TWO per day, so better get one) and other baked goods.Great Iced Coffee and Boba, free WiFi and more.
Service is good and those manjoo creme filled cakes aren't bad either...lol

Popped my bahn mi cherry today :) .
Establishment was clean and modern.
Walked up to the counter not really knowing what to get.
I scanned the menu looking for something that would appeal to me.
I asked the worker what wouldn't be "too fatty" and he walked away to look at the nutritional information posted on the other side of the restaurant...cute lol.
After some more looking we ordered the BBQ pork sandwich and pork roll with pâté as I figured that is the quintessential essence of a bahn mi.
Not a bad price for 2 10" sandwiches and a Thai tea boba, all for under $12.
We started with the BBQ pork sandwich, pork sliced thin and lean, pickled veges, cilantro and thin sliced jalapeño pepper on a firm, crunchy baguette...very nice.
I enjoyed the crunch of the fresh veges and jalapeño accented with cilantro.
I liked it a lot.
Now the pork & pâté sandwich was a bit ambitious as I now know I'm definitely not a fan of liver pâté.
At first bite, the pork roll sandwich was smooth and creamy, but the finish of the pâté did not please my taste buds at all.
So I scraped off the veges into the other half of our BBQ pork sandwich and polished that off.
The Thai tea boba was too sweet and the boba wasn't fresh.
They offered a cantaloupe smoothie but no cantaloupe juice...hmmm.
We will definitely be back for the BBQ pork sandwich and maybe try the grilled pork sandwich next time.
But I can now check off bahn mi from my bucket list :)

Growing up in California, I used to frequent Lee's whenever I was in the mood to have a good Banh-Mi French/Viet sandwich.
The baguette is made nice and fresh, and for the price you do get a decent meal.
However, with so many Lee's opening up lately, I don't think the quality is as stellar as it was before.
However, still a decent place to have a nice sandwich and I do stop by from time to time.
I prefer this location over the one on Spring Mountain in Chinatown.

Lee's Sandwiches is definitely cheap.
When you order 5 sandwiches you get the sixth one FREE!
It works out really well for us because we work as a family, so basically I can feed my whole family lunch for under $35.
We used to order the grilled pork sandwiches which are the best, but recently we have been trying to cut down on meat and so we have been ordering the vegetarian sandwiches.
I challenge you to tell the difference.You would really think their is some kind of meat in their.
I don't really know what it actually is.
I think it is some kind of tofu.

#17- you're welcome.
Service is great, place is hella clean, price is right- what more do you want?

In my eyes, Lee's is the McDonalds of Vietnamese sandwiches.
There are a ton of better choices in Chinatown, but none as accessible as Lee's.
With that said, I can get my craving satiated with a 10 minute drive versus a 30 minute one.
It's cheap and easy and not so bad tasting, if you haven't had the actual good stuff before.
The grilled pork is my go-to sandwich, but sometimes I feel like they just pop the meat in a toaster oven.
Not the best, but in a pinch, it'll do.
Lee's Vietnamese coffee has got to be the worst tasting Viet coffee - it's all canned, not freshly made as it should be.
Perhaps it's the extreme commercialization of common Vietnamese foods that makes me uncomfortable, but they really aren't that good.
Pop into the nearest Asian supermarket and find better choices.
Overall, their sandwiches are great to-go food, but not the tastiest choices on the market.
I would also go there for their baguettes when they're fresh -- and cheap!
Their croissants and mangoos are bomb as well.
TIP: Cash only unless paying more than $5.

I like their sandwiches from here.
I ordered the #17 the last time.
Hubs likes the BBQ pork and daughter likes the grilled pork.

FINALLY tried banh mi, and it was really good!
The place was empty at 6:00 on a Thursday evening (literally, we were the only ones in there), so we got our sandwiches pretty quick.
I ordered the bbq pork banh mi for ~$3.75 and my husband got the 'european' roast beef for ~$5.75.
First off, I would not order any of the 'European' sandwiches because they come with very little meat and American (!
) cheese.
Definitely not worth the higher price.
However, I really enjoyed my banh mi, and would definitely go back for the lunch special (includes 2 mini egg rolls and a drink for like $5.50).
The baguettes were really good and the meat was not too fatty (which is the problem I usually have with Asian meats).
The inside of the shop is really clean - like a modern-style fast food joint.
The drink selection is pretty good; typical fountain drinks, plus a couple big coolers full of Asian sodas/bottled coffees/teas.
Minus points for filling the fountain sodas in the back and not offering free refills - this is 2013!
Weird note: it's actually cheaper to get the combo (with side and drink) than it is to just get the sandwich and a side....

Walked in and the place was nice but deserted, good for me cuz i got my order quickly.
Staff was friendly.
Bread was good but lacking in meat and fillings.

We stopped by for lunch before our road trip back to Scottsdale.
We're fans of Bahn Mi Sandwiches and wanted to get our fix.
We ordered:  #5 Grilled Pork http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lees-sandwiches-henderson?select=94M3Zyxps_B-BpDl_G2Gqg#94M3Zyxps_B-BpDl_G2Gqg  #6 BBQ Pork http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lees-sandwiches-henderson?select=WEkvKluos1CxxFSZ-suOYw#WEkvKluos1CxxFSZ-suOYw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lees-sandwiches-henderson?select=zjU5e04WoXWqbMTR0VOJqA#zjU5e04WoXWqbMTR0VOJqA  I had the BBQ Pork, which was good but the Pork was a little dry.
I love the pickled Vietnamese veggies that are on the Sandwich....as well as the Cilantro and Jalapeno....that's what makes these so good in my opinion.
The Baguette was perfect....nothing like good bread to make a Sandwich.
Overall, it was a good lunch....would've scored higher if the Pork wasn't dry.
Return Factor - 75%

With baby sleeping and husband in the car, and a long commute back to San Diego, we came here with the expectations of fast Vietnamese Lee's sandwiches for the road.
We were beyond disappointed.
Utter waste of time.
Let me explain.
At 11am on a Monday 10/21/13.
I was the only customer in this store.
Ordered 6 sandwiches and 2 drinks.
After I placed my order, they said it will take 10 minutes.
No explanation why it would take so long despite me being the only customer.
But fine.
Sat there and waited, and waited and waited.
As I waited I saw the three workers roaming around the employee area/kitchen.
They didn't look busy making my sandwiches, nor did I get my 2 drinks yet (Vietnamese coffee and Thai iced tea with boba) so I went up to ask them what was going on after I had waited 20 minutes.
It wasn't until then that they said it would take a couple more minutes.
I reminded them of my drinks which they seemed to have forgotten so they rushed to make it.
I asked them why it had taken so long and they mentioned that they didn't have bread.
What?
A French baguette place with no bread???
They could have told me that BEFORE I ordered.
As I complained to the two workers about my dissatisfaction of 1) why this order is taking too long.
2) why they failed to inform me that it was going to take this long and why and 3) why they didn't get my drinks ready and why they did not give me a boba straw for my boba drink.
I asked to speak to the manager--who I saw standing an earshot away, this thin female Vietnamese girl with her hair tied back nonchalantly failed to acknowledge any customer dissatisfaction.
The guy #1 at the register pointed to her as the manager so I raised my voice to call her out so I can speak to her.
Nothing.
Pure ignorance.
I asked again "manager, can I speak to you?
" Nothing.
She was just shuffling around looking "occupied" as I was still the only customer in the store.
Then I asked guy #1 to ask her to come out so I can speak to her.
She continued to pretend as she didn't hear until I asked him to bring her out.
Finally she came out, I asked her if she was the manager and she points to guy #1 and says "he's the manager too".
I voiced my dissatisfaction and they did not seem to care.
Told them I would write a negative yelp review (as I am doing now).
But they did not care.
Told them I will contact corporate, but they did not care.
Obviously this place did not care about communication and customer service.
To top that off, the long awaited sandwiches weren't even that great.
40 minutes later I was out the door and was obviously dissatisfied.
Don't go here.

this is a smaller Lee's sandwiches on Eastern, they may not have everything you want.
But it's so close to me, i don't mind!

I was very surprised at how sweet yet spicy the vegetarian sandwich is.
Very delicious and I would highly recommend this.
The sandwich alone is filling!

Roasted pork sandwich hits the spot every time I'm craving a sandwich.
For about $4 you get a foot long sandwich.
Thinner than a Subway sandwich, but the taste of the roasted pork can't compared to packaged cold cuts.
I would have never expected a vietnamese sandwich place to have the BEST ICED COFFEE!!!!!!
A little expensive compared to Starbucks, but again the taste it so worth paying $1 more.
If you like coffee, you HAVE TO try their coffee!

No free refills on soda.
Rude employees.
Who doesnt have free refills on soda?
Sandwich meat dry.
Unremarkable.
Many other choices nearby....will stick to those.

Favorite place to get banh mi.
Kind of obsessed actually.
Try the #1 combination or #6 BBQ pork.
I get pate on every sandwich (some don't have pate but you can pay .59 extra for it).
They have a deal to buy 5 sandwiches and get 1 free.
It seems like a lot but it's worth it for someone like me who's obsessed or if you're splitting it with another person.
It's really cheap and they'll give you a side of siracha as well.
Clean restaurant and quick service.

Awesome sandwiches, great coffee and smoothies and pastries too!
An awesome restaurant with a great modern vibe.
I would suggest the number 11 combination plate!
Always delish!
Keep in mind these sandwiches are a little different from the average.
Great new experience that will keep u coming back for more!

love the services, specially coffee in the morning and a vegie sandwich, i am in heaven, recommended for those who like fast and good services....definitely go back

My husband was so excited when Lee's opened in Henderson since Chinatown is quite a trek for us.
He loves the sandwiches.
I am more interested in the iced coffee and boba smoothies.
We noticed that they are usually understaffed and it takes a while to get your order.
The other downfall is the smell.
They have poor ventilation and the smell stays with you after you leave.
However, this does not stop us from going there.
The lychee smoothie is so refreshing and delicious!
Glad to have the option nearby.

For a Lee's Sandwiches place, this is pretty top notch!
Surprising since it is in LV and not Cali lol haha  Food, Location, Ambiance: A Service, Prices: B  My family and I are always stopping by here before we drive home to California!
This is one of the biggest and busiest Lee's I have been to.
The sandwiches (especially the Xu Mai aka Meatballs) are the tastiest on their skinny baguettes!
Their iced coffee is a must to try.
Oddly, I also like their Milk Tea and Smoothie boba here, so the Boba Princess gives the approval to try it here haha.
This is a Vietnamese fast food joint- not a 4 star French restaurant, so don't be too disappointed if the workers there are not as courteous or patient.
Come for the food and drinks!
Prices are okay but with any struggling economy, the prices always seem to increase so often but it's not the workers fault :/ It's all Mr. Lee lols Great to-go food, better hangover food haha

So I was around the Henderson area and I was starving!
So I fired up my yelp and searched up food.
It says lee sandwich was around the block and I said why not.
So I got there.
Place looks good.
It's a mini version of the lees sandwich on spring mountain.
I ordered no.
1 combination (my usual order) and large thai tea.
I didn't like the drink.
The texture was very thick and wasn't even cold enough.
All that ice didn't do any good.
As for my sandwich I thought yes!
My sandwich.
I'm hungry!!!
I took a bite into it and it smelled and tasted expired.
There was a certain meat in the sandwich that was expired.
I gagged...
Gross!
Sucks I had to experience this.
I like the one at spring mountain.
I've never had an issue there.
I'll just stick to that restaurant.
Knock on wood!!
That I don't ever experience this at the spring mountain location.

Lee's Sandwiches is now expanding everywhere!
Even in the desert!
I am a big sandwiches lover and a big fan of Lee's Sandwiches.
The frozen coffee is number 1 Vietnamese coffee in America.
Now they have a Lee's PourOver Coffee, a really cool product.
I was travelling to CA to visit my friend and try it.
Hopefully, Lee's Sandwcihes Henderson carries this product so I can grab one anytime!

Lee's Sandwiches are awesome!
Just wish they were in Minnesota!
But whenever I am out West , I make sure to pick up a few sandwiches to take home.

For something quick, affordable and good quality, Lee's just can't be beat!
I'm so glad they have one here in Las Vegas / Henderson.
Grilled pork banh mi combo with egg rolls and a drink for $5.99 just can't be beat!
And I get to plug in my laptop and do a bit of work in a nice, clean environment while I'm at it.

I just left, and it was my first time here.
It's definitely a different place overall.
It's kind of "no frills" on the sandwich, which is a good thing I might add.
It was a well executed sandwich, though again, very simple.
I tried the baguette instead of the croissant for my sandwich bread.
I liked it, but just thought that the bread was too hard to be on a sandwich.
Sandwich bread should be soft and not require so much effort to bite into.
The caramel smoothie was delicious too for what it's worth.
And though the place was clean and well lit, it did smell funky.
Thus the 4 star rather than 5 star review.
But I was impressed overall, and will definitely go back.

