I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here.
My girlfriend and I ordered from a pre-set theatre menu which was two courses for under £15, very good value.
The food is a fusion of Scottish and Thai which doesnt sound very good but really works using locally sourced ingredients in a modern Thai fashion.
The decor and ambiance was very good too with staff striking a good balance of helpfulness and friendliness without being over attentive.
As the previous reviewer mentioned, the presentation of the food is so good that I DID take photos before I ate my meal (I've attached a couple) Great place and well priced.

Leven's didn't do it for me.
I was served a reasonable soup to start, but the fusion main course didn't work, at all.
The food lacked pop and zing.
Overall, we said: "Leven's was disappointing.
The welcome was bright, but the dishes were quite bland and muted.
The service went beyond attentive in to obtrusive, at times, and once the main courses were done, we made a swift exit and went for tea in a lovely little place, two doors down.
Leven's has attracted some serious adulation in some of its reviews, so I may well give it another visit, perhaps in the evening, to see whether I can figure out what went wrong, today.
I'll make that a solo quest though, as on the basis of today's meal, I couldn't recommend the place to others.

The food wasn't bad per se.
It's just the whole feel of the restaurant and the limited options of the set-lunch menu, which when they appeared were quite underwhelming, contrasted with all the other Thai places I've tried in Edinburgh, made me really think that Yes, I have experienced better (thanks for that prompt Yelp!
)  The set lunch menu was £8.95.
There were only two starter options (a chicken tom yum soup or veggie spring rolls).
These two options are very...meh.
Like VERY meh.
Soup or spring rolls?
What if you want just some good ol' fashioned meat.
I couldn't help but compare it to the lunch deal I'd had at Dusit, on Thistle Street, which had 4 starter options all of which were much more exciting, and had chicken, beef, prawn tempura (three ways) or a vegetable option that wasn't pastry coated.
The main options also left a lot to be desired.
And when they arrived the portions were small.
My beef salad wasn't badly cooked, I ate it and enjoyed it for what it was.
But I would have equally enjoyed, or maybe even moreso, a £3 sandwich from Marks & Spencers.
When you go for a lunch out at a restaurant mid-week, it is something of a special occasion.
And the lunch here was very forgettable.
One of my dining partners told me she had heard rumours of exciting food on their a la carte menu, like beef spaghetti (?
) And normally if I don't enjoy a lunch I will give the restaurant one more chance and go back to try the evening meal.
But I also didn't really gel with the feel of the restaurant.
As the same dining partner commented, it felt like a hotel lobby.
All cold steel metals, hard edges and lacking in any ambiance.
Bizarre music on the stereo.
Although the staff were really lovely.
Very attentive, smiling, eager, and trying very hard to please.
It's just a shame that the food was limited in option, quite forgettable when it arrived and the ambiance did not tempt me back in any way.

This going to a little controversial going by other reviews but I really enjoyed my dining experience here on Friday night.
Steph and I started with the mixed sharing platter of starts.
On this was a crisp vegetable spring roll, fish cake, chicken stay skewer and chicken cooked in pandanus leaf Served with a chili sauce and plum sauce on the side.
all were well cooked and had nice flavour.
For my main I had roast gressingham duck which came with two very distinct sauces.
The duck was cooked perfectly and was very tender, the sauces packed a suitable punch but even more importantly has lovely layered flavours.
The sticky coconut rice on the side met expectations making for a lovely dish.
For desert I had their coconut creme brule with pandanus ice cream.
Crisp top, creamy custard with pieces of coconut adding further texture.
The service was excellent, the wine list varied and the food enjoyable.
Overall I thought this place was tastier and better value than some of its more illustrious counterparts in the city.
Jd Recommended!

