Hello fellow Yelpers, We went to the Bellagio to see Cirque Du Soleil's O and celebrate my best friend's birthday.
We stopped into Lily and received bad service.
The staff did not seat us nor did they acknowledge us.
We sat and waited until our waitress came over.
We ordered drinks and our waitress took our ID and credit card.
The place was not crowded and the staff outnumbered the customers.
We waited awhile for our drinks.
My friend stated how long does it take to pour our drinks (one mixed drink, wine and a diet coke) and deliver it?
Well, it took 14 minutes to pour/deliver and 20 minutes to bill and return our cards.
We had to ask twice.
My friend (retired Navy veteran), wife and I were very disappointed with the lack of service.
I do recommend the show but I will not shop, dine nor stay at the Bellagio.
Thank you for your time, Lboy.

Popped in to meet some people for drinks the other night.
Lily is nice little place for a hotel bar.
It's enclosed into its own large room similar to the V Bar at the Venetian, but I get the hunch that they are trying to be a hip lounge.
I wasn't really feeling it.
It's a lobby bar, with nice, friendly bartenders.
Drinks seemed a tad watered down...even though I asked for a double.
Typical Vegas prices ($12 for a cocktail).
I'd come back again...but this is not a destination bar.
It's an ok place to pick up a drink if you are waiting for someone.

nice place to hang out and lounge.
very expensive drinks.
the service is ok, there is maybe 2 waitresses for 15 table so there is a wait.
they drinks only taste ok. you can smoke cigars there if you like which is a plus.

Hmmm...
Came in on a Wednesday night and there was plenty of room at the bar...
Stood for about ten minutes (with my only distraction being the television screens above the bar) without being served or acknowledged.
Decided not to bother and went without a drink.
The front door staff was friendly, the lounge is cute but considering the "renovation", it didn't really look notably different from it's predecessor, Caramel.
We sat down for about five minutes before leaving.
I imagine this would be a fun place to stop by for drinks before dinner or O, but after dinner or Hyde, not so much.

If I could rate a "no star" I would...
When I placed my order the waitress is already telling me how much it will be... Then, she will not even put my drink down until I pay her first.... Are you kidding Me?...
Not a nice way of encouraging me to order my next round!!
Gone are the days of The Fontana Bar and Bobby G where excellent service and creative cocktails are top priority...
Her uninviting attitude towards customers was very disapponting for an establishment such as the Bellagio!!
I expect and have experienced much more!

I really wanted to like this place, but at the end it was ehhh.
My friend ordered the sidecar and it was HORRIBLE!
The plus side is that its quite nice inside but the drinks are pricey.
Also, I got the feeling that the waitress was rushing us, coming back several times to check if we paid our check after she dropped it off.
All the waitresses strut around super fast, like they are constantly late or something, even when they have nothing to do.
If you had to come here, its not a bad place, but there are better places to drink.

Stopped in to grab a drink before heading over to The Bank.
It was pretty busy.
The bar service was fast.
5 of us got our drinks within a few minutes entering despite the crowd.
The drinks were a tad bit on the pricey side.
At least the bouncer transferred my drink to a plastic cup on the way out.

We were very unhappy at Lily.
Our waitress seemed to think that being discovered as the next Supermodel was far more important than waiting on us.
The seats (except for the high tops) were VERY uncomfortable.
Our drinks were terrible.
No Kettle One, no Hangar One - our Vodka Tonics were expensive and tasted of gin and soda.
I love Bellagio - but I will never set foot in here again.

As Yelp friend Cherylynn N. recently pointed out in a review of hers, it really can suck when it comes to writing a three star review.
Not much to rave about, but not much to complain about either!
Like so many of the other, newer lounges in Vegas, the décor is pretty chic and modern.
While View Bar in Aria has a bright, plush look and The Chandelier in Cosmo keeps a classy, glamorous appearance, Lily Bar goes more for a dark, "by candlelight" type of vibe.
Tables and seating seemed relatively plentiful, and their DJ spun a diverse mix of songs.
Drinks seemed to run slightly on the high side ($11 or so for a Makers and ginger), but the 2-for-1 drink tickets we had more than evened it out.
From what I've read, I can see why other Yelpers had problems with Lily Bar.
However, we didn't run into the same problems...possibly because we were only there for an hour and relatively early on a Sunday night.
We saw a lot of free tables, the servers were relatively friendly (or perhaps, not unfriendly), and the drinks were fine.
Could be quite different on a weekend though.
Regardless, it's just another lounge to me.

Waited here before heading to The Bank Nightclub.
They offered my gf a free drink voucher which is why we stopped in.
Seating is limited; most are reserved.
Drink was made well for something free (skyy vodka).
Very dark and music is loud; it's a bar of course.
Overall, it was nice to chill here before getting in line at the Bank.

I didn't stay long at this bar, but I could have.
Simply amazing.
It is sooooo beautiful.
I wanted to move in.

I liked the venue.
Decent crowd noise, short lines at the bar, and good service.
Now, the only reason I'm not giving a five star review is simply because there is no strong selling point; Hyde is just around the corner as a fancier lounge/club, and The Bank is a stellar nightclub if you're looking to party.
So where does Lily fit in?
Simply speaking, it's an easy place to slip in and out for a drink or even to just hang out for a bit before hitting the clubs.
This is exactly what Lily is there for; a quick fixer-upper venue.
There are a decent amount of stools around to sit on and even a few TVs on Sportscenter.
What I did was catch a drink, chat with my friends, and watch a couple of highlights on TV before moving onto the rest of my night.
In this aspect, it definitely served its purpose for me.
It's a great starting point or even a great place to unwind after a wild night of partying.
Don't let the name "Lily" fool you into thinking it's all flowery and pink inside.
Yes, there are a couple of flower jars with lilies but other than that, it's a standard looking bar.
It's fairly dark so you cannot see much, but that's usually how it is inside Vegas bars.
The venue can get cramped and difficult to navigate when it gets crowded, but I wasn't bothered by that much.
It's nothing compared to some of the nightclubs I've been to.
Overall, it serves its purpose as a great quick-stop bar.
If I ever decide to go to The Bank in the future, I will either stop by here or Hyde for a quick drink.

Good service, nice lounge.
Bring your wallet!

If I could give this place no stars I would.
We stayed at the Bellagio and went in here after being given 2 for 1 cocktail cards on the street.
When we presented them the bartender told us they didn't apply to cocktails...huh?
After that she seemed annoyed we ever tried to use them.
Overall: rude service and overpriced, bad cocktails.

I didn't eat here, we just had one cocktail here before going to dinner.
Not even a specialty drink, wine and beer... but the atmosphere is what this place is for.
Very sexy, and sleek and the waitresses are very attractive as well.
Go there to get in the mood (whatever kinda mood you are after!

Congratulations Lily Bar & Lounge!
You've won the award for "Most Expensive Cocktails for a Casino Bar/Lounge"!
Yes, I know you occupy prime real estate in the heart of the Bellagio casino floor.
Yes, I know this is the Las Vegas Strip.
Yes, I know that Lily's Signature Cocktails are craft cocktails, not just a Jack & Coke.
I'll readily admit that your Peach Bulleit was a well-made, nicely balanced cocktail made of Bulleit Bourbon, peach puree, lime juice, and ginger ale, but seriously...TWENTY DOLLARS?!?!?!
It was a good drink, not a great one, and certainly not worth what you're asking...especially since you're JUST A CASINO BAR!

Found this bar/lounge on our way to dinner.
We popped in and found a spot pretty quickly.
Soon, a couple cute waitresses came by to take our drink order (one of the waitresses was training.
) I wanted a margarita and was told about their hibiscus margarita.
The drink was not bad.
It really wasn't too strong.
The wife enjoyed some juice.
Total tab: $28.
Really?
There are a few TVs placed throughout which was nice and overall the place is cool and the service friendly and quick.
But I'm not going to give it 4 stars even though I'd probably go back.

I liked Lily.
It doesn't have the pretense of a lot of Vegas bars.
I wouldn't call it a destination spot, more of a pre or post dinner cocktail kind of place.
The specialty cocktails were creative.
I don't really understand the complaints about prices.
This isn't your neighborhood college bar, the drinks are complex with exotic ingredients, you simply can't compare it to the vodka sour you get down the street from your house.
If you want cheap drinks, go downtown and hang with the blue hairs at Golden Nugget.
I did think it was crazy dark in there, but the attentive service more than made up for such small complaints.

Overpriced, overcrowded and lackluster drinks.
Skip it.

Sure, you're at the Bellagio, and you expect to pay more.
But you're also in Vegas, where you have plenty of options.
So when you're confronted with a list of $20 house cocktails, you might chuckle, then order one, than realize that it's a decently made drink but in no way worth the 50% upcharge vs. other places.
The people-watching is above-average, but you can do that for free outside the bar.
And it's worth noting that our server, Mischelee, was on point and friendly.
But given the prices, there's really no reason to visit this place twice.

The tuna tartar was amazingly delicious.
They have good size martinis and will take requests.
They have a great atmosphere and it was very lively.

Stopped serving drinks at 2:00 AM therefore 2 stars.
REALLY THIS IS VEGAS....   PS the Bellini drink was good.
Bad was the price.

I enjoyed the new drink infusions and the server was a hottie!
Great for people watching.

Very posh looking.
Totally inviting atmosphere.
But way too expensive for what they offer.
A glass of wine will cost you 20 bucks here.

The Royalty!!!!!!!!!
Trust me!
Or trust my wife.

Great little dimly lit lounge in the heart of the Bellagio to hang out at if you want to take a break from gambling.
The drinks are pricy - but they're strong and good.
You can't order a glass of water - you can only get a bottle of Fiji - which is annoying, but hey thats who they are catering toward.
Love the top 40 music that is played.
Have been here plenty of times during my trips to Vegas, and will be back!

I am a local here in Vegas... so it's nice to find a great spot like this.
Have been going since opening..
There is a new general manager there now and you can really tell a difference!
I love this lounge... great vibe and has elegance and class while still remaining hip and high energy lounge.
Love the cocktails, DJ's and food.
Sure it's a little pricy as others have mentioned...but that is more than worth it to me as you are gaining so much with the beautiful ambiance and attentiveness of the staff and the quality  and size of the drinks/food.
I will definitely be back... perfect for those girls nights or a more laid back outing instead of the hype of the large nightclubs.
Thanks Michael (GM) for the great customer service!!

This isn't a club so don't expect a crazy scene.
However this was a good place to start.
They had 2 for 1 drinks specials at 9 pm and had the sweet 16 games playing in the background.
Yes it gets a bit crowded, but then again the clubs don't open till 10:30 so everyone came here to pre party.
I would come back to kick off the evening.

Located in the center of the casino in The Bellagio on The Las Vegas Strip.
This is not your average casino bar, it is a mix between bar and nightclub, but sans (That's French for those of you keeping score) the long line to get in, if you want that, Hyde is right across the way.
Worth a stop in for a casual drink or three.
It's Las Vegas there will almost always be someone interesting to talk to at the bar.
Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!

A place is just as great as the company you're with and so my experience at Lily was overwhelmingly amazing.
This is a posh lounge found in the back of the Bellagio with a lot of seatings, beautifully decorated interior, good and attentive staff.
Once the music starts, it can get very loud in here so forget about having a conversation.
However, you can bring a friend or two here to sit and sip on a drink and it's a great environment for that purpose.
As usual, I'm not much of a drinker so I didn't try any fancy drinks.
My pineapple juice and rum was very good though!

Great Lounge to hang out at for cocktails!
Very friendly staff and great service.
The DJ puts a good vibe in the room and it is for sure the best place in Bellagio to hang out at with beautiful people.

They have neo-soul here every Friday I think.
The music and everything here was so nice there.
There food was pretty good!
Me and few girlfriends I was with ordered some potato wedges, hot wings and a chicken Caesar salad.
To remind you i never ate salad before till yesterday.
And let me tell you, I have no complaints.
Not sure how much the drinks are cause we got comp bottle.
I had a good time here.
It was so chill and everything was so right.
Loved it there

We tried two of the $20 cocktails, nether tasted that good.
basically its a $5 drink.
For $20, the cocktail ether needs to be large or taste really good, these did nether.

Where was the 2 for 1 drink girl the day we went by???
I really thought I was going to like this place.
The music drew us in and the decor & atmosphere got us to sit down.
The drink prices encouraged us to leave after one drink.
They were charging nightclub prices in a lounge.
There was also a lack of seeting, early in the evening.
Many of the seats were set up for bottle service, but the place was more than half empty.
There are too many places to grab a drink & chill in this hotel.
Keep tweaking the concept Lily!

expensive, not much seats... customer service soso

Nice ambiance inside the Bellagio casino.
I was surprised to see how mellow it was inside the lounge area, considering you are right next to the loud casino floor.
They have high tops and some couches for open seating, and a nice drink selection.
Expect to pay at least $15 a drink here, but it's cool to check out for a low-key night in Vegas.

Great place to enjoy a cocktail (bellini for me) and escape the noise of the casino!
It is a classy bar with comfortable seating and friendly servers.
It's pricey, but isn't everything in Vegas these days?

Terrible terrible terrible..
If I could give negative star rating for this I would!
My friend and I came here on a day when it was not too busy, just to grab a quick bit and a drink.
For starters it took the waitress 20 mins to acknowledge our existence, and that was only after my friend had gone to the bar to ask for service.
When she did finally come over we ordered drinks, which of course then took another 20 mins to come - and not even alcohol, just 2 sodas- apparently it's takes that long to pour a coke....
When the waitress finally did come back my friend also asked for a water which just never came.
Then there was the food.
My friend ordered a Caesar salad which the menu stated had croutons, but which came out with none- ok not a huge deal really, but we are both vegetarians so essentially the 'Caesar salad' was just lettuce.
I ordered French fries which came out stone cold- I don't normally ever send food back but they were so cold I couldn't eat them.
So sent them back, waited another 15 or so mins, only to have the fries come out again- this time in a hot plate, but the actually fries were still cold!!
This time I just ate a few and didn't bother sending them back even though they were horrible.
My friend then asked to speak to the manager, who (again after about 20 mins) appeared and had the audacity to question my friend about the fact she complained about the croutons (but just skipped over all the other laundry list of things they had done wrong)!
I found it absolutely horrendous that the fist words out of the managers mouth was not an apology after they sent cold French fries out not once but twice!!!
I don't live in Vegas but if and when I go back I will NEVER set foot in this place again.

Went here for a fashion show for their "Couture Fridays" event....no fashion show...very disorganized..."models" were "bottle rats" sitting at a table with the clothes on.. Not walking around or anything...  if you're announcing an event ... go through with it.

This place is a pathetic little restaurant that attempts to be a cool night-club at about 10pm every night.
That's when the insanely loud techno/dance music starts playing.
I give them one star because it's cute inside.
The service is HORRIBLE.
Snotty waitresses who think they can be beochy because they work in a "hip-ish" place in The Bellagio.
Look... you work in customer service and a majority of the the money you make is from tips.
So, how about you stop acting like an entitled chump?
We've been there a few times now and the service has gone from bad to worse.
The last time was just the last straw.
The waitress seemed like she really didn't care that we were there.
Looked perplexed when I asked what Bourbons they carried and started listing off the bottom shelf Bourbons first.
If I ask you what Bourbons you have it's likely because I want to sip it... not have it mixed into one of your $25 drinks.
Next, we tried to place a food order.
She then, snottily, asked us what time it was.
We replied, "Two minutes to 10.
" She abruptly told us she couldn't serve us food because they stopped serving at 10.
Either someone needs to go back to school to learn to tell time... or someone needs to get off their lazy ars.
Hey, guess what?
Two minutes to 10 is still before 10!
I certainly expect more from a restaurant in the Bellagio!

$28 for a hamburger?
with potato chips?
That wasn't even good?
And took 45 minutes to come out?
And $2 extra for a slice of cheese, like really?
I mean do you know how many burger places there are in Vegas?
We had to ask the waitress where it was, when she went and checked on it, it had been under the warmer so long the plastic top to the ketchup was warped and starting to melt.
I also ordered a Mimosa, I got some fancy one that cost $20 a glass and had some blue stuff in it...and an edible flower?
I just wanted a plain Mimosa.
The waitress here might be pretty, but my Lord you can see them thinking...I mean smoke starts coming out of the ears like Femmebots.
With that stated, the best worker here was a guy who had some type of walking impediment.
He deserves a 5 star rating.
He was the only one working I swear!!
He needs a promotion.
Terrible Service, Terrible Food

It could be good or be great depending upon what your interested in and who's promoting that eve and/or what major happenings are going on in Vegas.
Decent layout for a lounge but sometimes the bar can be a tad crowded and challenging to get a drink.
Drinks are decent.

My girlfriend and I stopped in for a few cocktails after dinner and this place was great.
The ambiance was fun, yet classy.
Service was amazing and the music was on point with a DJ spinning in the corner.
Their specialty cocktails were also delicious.
My girlfriend had the signature Lily cocktail, which she loved.
I would definitely recommend stopping by Lily next time you're at the Bellagio.

By far my favorite lounge nothing compares to the Bellagio and lily lounge holds the par for best costumer service the dark lighting in here is by far my favorite wish my condo had there lighting it's a great place to bring a date or your family to have good laughs great drink menu and awsome shot selection and you can't go wrong with the music and live entertainment I recommend and approve this lounge.

Came here on a weeknight at around 11 p.m. and it was pretty packed.
There were a lot of larger groups, and most of the seating areas were taken.
My friend and I finally found a place to sit and as soon as we did the waitress came over & told us it was reserved.
This was irritating, but since we were meeting another friend there we decided to just stay & find somewhere else to sit.
We ended up finding a couple spots in an area where a couple of older gentlemen were seated.
We waited for at least 20 minutes and no one came to take our order, meanwhile the people next to us had drinks flowing.
Our friend finally got there & after waiting another 20 minutes with no one coming over decided to just go up to the bar & order himself.
We ended up only staying for one drink & then leaving.
I feel like this bar is one of those super bougie, wanna-be upscale spots where you have to look a certain type of way (i.e.
like you have a lot of money) for them to even look your way.
Even though I was staying at the Bellagio, I feel like we were treated like we didn't belong there.
Next time I'm in Vegas I definitely won't be returning.
If you're one of those people that likes to tell others where you went to college, how much you make, or what kind of car you drive, this is your spot!
It's full of wannabe-classy folk and you will fit right in.

Great place to have drinks in the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas.
I really like the drinks here and you get that cool artesian ice.

This is a lounge inside the Bellagio hotel.
It is a lounge.
Have you been to a lounge?
There's some music playing, darker atmosphere, expensive drinks, people dressed up with tiny skirts and suits.
They have some tall tables and also bottle service.
Good luck with that.

Went to Lily on a Tuesday night, Daniel Park was singing.
Service was great the drinks were good, great atmosphere.
Would highly recommend if you are looking to have a few cocktails, must try the signature drink "The Lily"

