I am very picky about where I get my nails done because so many places don't take their time or do a good job.
This place is great & pretty cheap.
Mon-thurs full set/ped is $20, mani/pedi $32.
Its only a couple miles from the strip & they do a great job.
Fair selection of opi as well.
Tommys done my nails a couple times now, this last time got creative with an awsome pink/zebra design!

I've been looking for a nail salon that will do a great job but have affordable service and this place was it.
The location is not the best, but I did grow up in that neighborhood, so I can't complain.
Lie and her husband owns this establishment and they're very friendly to their costumers.
One of my nails broke really bad and Lie fixed it right up with gel and it looked great.
I've been to alot of places and once I tell them I'm diabetic, they don't clean my nails in fear they'll make me bleed and I've been so disappointed with services, like with this place called Aqua Salon in Henderson.
Worst place to go to EVER.
Anyway, Lei cleans my nails and she does it really well, no pain, no bleeding.
This is now my spot!

Just got my first French gel manicure by Lee.
I was looking for a friendly place close to UNLV and this is it!
Lee and Tommy own this little nail shop and everyone is really friendly and speaks perfect English, which is nice in a big city like Vegas.
My nails look great, there was no wait for a walk in, and prices are competitive.
Very pleased, I think I found my new spot!

I always used to go here for my eyebrows because the gent that works there, he is the owner I believe, has honestly done such a great job on my eyebrows...I wont go anywhere else.
Ive tried ALOT of nail shops for nails and eyebrows....and noone does my eyebrow like this guy....I also go there in a hurry most of the time and they get me in an out with a full set or fill and pedi in less then an hour...and do a great job....theres only a couple ladies that do pedis and they are very gentile.....They do a great job on nails and fills as well.....I recently was there til about 7 and went home and realized I left my wallet on their counter, called the next morning and they had my wallet with all my cash and cards in it!!!
They are very honest people and I will be a faithful customer from now on..... =)

They did a nice pedi.
Pretty good full set of acrylics with a little kitty detail.
They were quick and kind.
Salon isn't much to look at it, but I'd rather read the magazines anyway.

The best nail salon ever!
I've been going to Tommy and Lee for about 5 or 6 years now and I wouldn't want to go anywhere else.
Tommy does my nails and they are always perfect!
Lee does my pedicure and it's the best!
Lily also does a great pedicure!
Although the location isn't amazing, the shop is nice.
Not sure why one user said it was so dirty, they keep the shop very clean.
If you pass this place by, you're missing out!

I'm so happy I found this nail salon!
The way they do nails is so clean and professional.
Lee did my nails and I asked for a gel French manicure for short nails.
She ended up making my nails more beautiful than I expected!
They really pay attention to detail, are very friendly, and do amazing nails!
The rates are inexpensive for the quality you get.
I went to this place because of the good reviews I saw on yelp and now I won't go anywhere else!

I happened upon this place b/c my son was playing paintball @ Flamingo & MD so I had a few hours to kill.
I had a pedicure (I rarely ever get my nails done b/c I've had bad experiences) and the girl was fabulous!
Unfortunately, I didn't get her name.
I tried to go back on Mother's Day for a pedicure, but they were closed.
:(  I will definitely go back.

This place is so disgusting.
DO NOT let them touch you with anything sharp.
This was the worst manicure I've EVER had.
Stay away folks.

Was visiting Vegas and really wanted a pedicure.
This was the only place that seemed to be open in the area since it was the 4th of July.
Had to wait a little longer than I'm used to but they set us up in the massage chairs with our feet to soak until someone could attend to us.
This nail tech was probably the most attentive to my nails that I'd ever had during a pedicure.
From the cleaning and buffing to massaging, scrubbing and painting, I was very happy.
Really did a great job!

Great customer service!!!
Will return!

I'm still going to this nail salon, about every two weeks and am still as happy as ever with them!
I started getting my nails done by Lilly and am so happy I tried her.
She is super sweet and she does my nails just the way I want them every time without miss!
My nails stay strong for a long time with the gel manicure which is a great because my nails usually break easily.
She never takes short cuts and always does a superb job.
I can't say enough good things about this place!

I'm from Chicago.
They took good care of me, did my pedi & mani super fast without having an appointment.
Plus, they made sure I was on time for my next appointment.
Great service!

I popped in for a quick no chip manicure.
Ly was awesome!
Very sweet, personable and just the right amount of chatty.
She also gave the best hand massage I've ever gotten.
I could have easily fallen asleep.
I was in and out super quickly and my nails look great.
All the utensils were in a sterilized package and the prices were reasonable.

Amazing!
I went here originally because it was close to work..
They got me in immediately for a full set and my nails looked amazing..
Better than some fancy schmancy salons I've been to!
I was so happy with them I knew I'd be back!
Unfortunately I had to go 5 weeks without a fill (yes 5 weeks!
) and to my surprise not ONE SINGLE NAIL came off!
They were 100% in tact and (despite the obvious nail growth) looked pretty damn good!
I'm back here today for my fill and I will never go anywhere else for a full set again!
I look forward to checking out their pedicure next time I come in!

I have been coming to tip toe for years I originally began coming because it's right by my house but I kept coming thanks to the quality of services!
Tommy is the best I always leave happy and with impeccable nails.
He is so sweet he always remembers me and what I like and he also remembers everyone else that walks In the door.
Great price & great quality!

