Noble Cleaners did a fantastic job!
Gene and Ryan are very reliable, professional, and made my house look beautiful!
The carpets look amazing!
Thanks guys!

Noble Cleaners arrived on time and ready to go.
Gene and the team were very professional and respectful of my home and furniture.
They were thorough in their work and answered all of my questions.
The pricing is reasonable, the quality is great, but the experience is what differentiates Noble Cleaners from the rest.
I highly recommend!

Noble Cleaners are fantastic!
They did a great job on my carpets, and they are extremely professional.
More importantly than anything,I felt comfortable with them with my family and they did a great job.
I defninitely recommend Noble Cleaners!

Excellent service.
JHave used them on 2 separate occassions and will definitely recommend them and use them again in the future.

I called Noble cleaners, may I mention two local brothers who bust their hump as owners and employees', after I was treated terribly by Carpet Green Clean,  I learned the carpet industry has a "Bait and Switch" tactic.
Basically, I wanted my entire house done, the carpet, tile and sofa.
Just get it done in one big swoop.
The other company showed up and doubled their original price, after haggling it went down a few hundred but I was so turned off I called Noble Cleaners, while the guy was in my living room.
Originally Noble was my second lowest on the price check but after getting a proposed bill of $1k Noble became seriously cheap!
The brothers came out the next day and on time.
They looked professional and had great equipment.
See, the day before a single guy arrived in a beat up van, with one machine for the entire project (same machine for my micro fiber couch and carpet??!
) and said it would take the same amount of time that these two men would take (I was getting had, prob cause I'm a girl).
Noble did amazing work for a great price.
They kept with the price they quoted over the phone, answered all my questions, let me stand over their shoulders as I watched all the gross filth go through the nozzle.
Also, I didn't feel weird having these strange men in my house, they are the sweetest thing ever.
In fact, when I was making my first round of calls they said if I had any questions, even if I don't choose them, call back to be sure I'm not getting swindled.
They accept credit cards for no extra charge, just fyi.
Also, I just felt good helping a local "mom and pop" company whose work you know will rock because the two own the company.
I recommend this company with my whole heart and will use them again.
Save yourself the time, patience and energy just give them a call.

So, after nine years of foot traffic, I thought it was time to clean the tile and grout that covers a large part of our home.
It's a lot of tile and grout.
I interviewed several people from different companies.
Only one got on his hands and knees and showed me an example of what it would look like when he was done.
Only one indicated that he was going to be the actual person to come and do the job promised.
And it was this one that I hired to do the job.
He was slightly more than the least expensive and a lot less than the most expensive.
And WOW!
I didn't remember how good my floors looked when they were new.
Noble Cleaners did a terrific job.
They were very careful when moving furniture and very conscientious about getting the promised results.
I highly recommend Noble Cleaners for tile and grout and carpet (they also did a good job on my large area rug) cleaning.

I don't know why my review isn't getting shown, but maybe the update feature will remedy the issue.
Since my great service I've had two friends use Noble, they both loved the fellas prices and work.

A great experience!
They were courteous and professional on the phone and in person.
They showed up on time, cleaned the carpet quickly, efficiently and thoroughly.
They were able to remove the stains and stink from dog urine (yuk!
) and they were very reasonable on their pricing.
I would recommend this company and will use them again without hesitation.

I have used Noble Cleaners for several rentals and to clean the carpets in my own home and found them to be extremely efficient, well priced and on time!
They cleaned the carpet in one rental house that I thought that I would have to replace...they brought it back to life!
Gene and Ryan personally handle the care of your carpet.
They are honest and reliable and I heartily recommend them!

As with everything I do in Vegas, I go to yelp first.
I had an opportunity to purchase a groupon for carpet cleaning, but wanted to make sure the service would be great.
I came here, saw the great reviews, purchased.
BEST IDEA EVER.
Sometimes if you buy a groupon you get the worst service.
That was not, nor will it ever be a problem with these guys.
You get a great deal AND great service!
Ryan and his team are phenomenal.
They called to tell me they were running just a few minutes behind, gave me the time they'd be at my place and then showed up exactly when they said they would.
I had told them when I booked that any variation on time would be fine, but I'm pretty sure if you don't have that kind of wiggle room they will be there at the time requested.
Really awesome.
They came in and started to clean my place UP.
My carpets were really nicely done and at such a great deal!
I also had the grout in my house cleaned.
I have tile everywhere and this house was built in the 90's and obviously had never had that done.
They came in and made my place shine!
The difference was startling!
As they were cleaning the grout I noticed they'd forgotten to do measurements for an extra bathroom, they said no big deal and cleaned it too!
They were so awesome about this whole experience that I can tell you no one will ever do my carpets of floors again but these guys.
If you want spectacular service, great prices, really clean carpets and floors and all done with fantastic attitudes you will not find better than Noble Cleaners!
I'm hooked!

We were looking for a cleaning company with a good reputation and fair pricing.
Noble Cleaners is who we found and recommend.
Gene and his crew showed up exactly on time ready to work.
They cleaned every piece of carpet and went the extra way to steam clean my tile and entry.
Hands down the best professional cleaning service I have experienced.
Great Job!

Gene, and his tech came to my house to clean the tile that wasn't looking so good.
You know that one specific area that gets a lot of foot traffic that we all worry about, and say will this come clean or not?
Well Gene explained what chemicals would work best, and there floor machine made this look like nobody has ever walked in the house before.
They finished the job by applying a sealer on it which makes it easy to maintain, and I highly recommend anyone who needs there carpets cleaned, or tile to give this company a call.

Wow.
The carpets look amazing!!!
I spoke to gene and he quoted me a price over the phone.
They showed up on time and did a great job!!!
I wouldn't ask for anything more.
I did ask them about grout cleaning and they do that too.
And I am excited to have that done the next time they are out.
Thanks guys!!

Amazing carpet cleaning.
Very affordable, efficient and friendly.
Would highly recommend for anyone looking to give a new lease of life to their carpet.
I will be using their services again!!

Noble Cleaners is a professional, friendly, and knowledgeable team.
Been using them for years now.
Owners Gene and Ryan Szemacs always do an amazing job!
They clean carpets, grouts and tiles and more.
They provide upholstery cleaning all using kid and pet safe products.

I've had my carpets cleaned by Southwest Chemdry for 12 years since being in Las Vegas.
The last couple times they came the carpets didn't look very good and the price kept going up every time!
This time, I figured what the heck...let's try someone else!
I read the great reviews here and decided to give Noble a try.
First off, when I called - they called right back (and they were on a job even).
I got the appt that I wanted and they arrived 5 minutes early.
They gave me a resonable quote and got straight to work.
They cleaned my carpets and also the grout between the tiles.
They estimated it would take a couple hours - and it did.
The carpet looked better than Chemdry ever had make it look!
Their excuse was always "you're carpet is pretty worn, I would recommend replacing it".
Well...it looks great now for almost 1/2 the price!
The guys that came, own the business and care about what they do.
They were friendly and professional and did an excellent job.
I highly recommend them (especially over SW Chemdry!!
- stear clear of them)!!!
Call Noble, really.
They were great.

From one business to another, if you're NOT using these guys you should be.
They do some GREAT work and it's done when they say it will be.
Very dependable and they stand behind their work.
I only wish that we switched over to their services sooner.
Couldn't be happier.
THANK YOU!!!!!!

My carpets look amazing!
Thank you Gene.
You and your brother Ryan did a fantastic job.
My carpets have never looked better.
you guys showed up on time for both the estimate and appointment.
I will def.
use you guys again in the future and pass out your cards!!

Exceptional.
Exceptional customer service.
Exceptional carpet, tile and grout cleaning.
Exceptional value.
I was utterly amazed at the level of professional and quality of service delivered by Noble Cleaners, and it began with a telephone call.
My call to Noble Cleaners was answered cheerfully by a lovely young woman (sorry I cannot remember her name!).
She was not only professional and extremely personable, she was well versed in what services they provided and at what price.
She also took the time to answer questions and further explain details to ensure that our expectations were met...even before they arrived to care for our carpets & tile!
Ryan and Gene arrived at our door professionally dressed (clean uniforms....what a concept!
) and fantastically personable.
They explained what the cleaning would involve, reconfirmed the cost to ensure that it was still agreeable, and then got down to business.
Oh.
My.
Gosh.
They truly breathed new life in to our carpet, tile and grout....they look like new!
We have already planned on having them back next week to do the balance of our home.
And I have already shared their cards with our neighbors and work colleagues!
You must call Noble Cleaners.
They do not disappoint!

Fantastic job.
Gene and Ryan were on time and did an outstanding job!
I will use them again for carpet cleaning.

These guys are great!!
Very quick, carpets look great and didn't try and charge us more than originally quoted!!
We'll definitely be doing business with them again!!
Even our little puppy loved them!

I can't say enough good things about these guys.
I considered buying new couches for my living room but decided to give these guys a shot.
I am so glad I did because  My 6yr old Lazy Boy couches and recliners  look brand new again.
They saved me a ton of money.
They were polite, professional, and masters at what they do..Many of my friends have used them, and they were all extremely pleased as well.
I Will recommend them to everyone I know.

Searched yelp for carpet cleaners, and saw the excellent reviews on yelp about this company.
Thank you fellow Yelpers!!
I called and made an appointment for a 1pm appointment, no window time like other companies.
They showed up on time and were courteous and proffessional.
They introduced themselves as Ryan and Gene and asked us if we had any problem areas.
The price they quoted was also the price they charged.
They did an excellent job cleaning our carpet and made it look fantastic!!
We had a couple of questions at the end about how much it would be to clean our sofa, it was a very reasonable price, and we also received recommendations about a.c. service and duct cleaning.
Thank you Ryan and Gene for being a honest and professional company.
We will recommend you to family and friends!!

These guys did an amazing job!
Prompt, professional and courteous.
I have 3 kids and two dogs and lived in a rental with light carpeting.
Needless to say I needed serious help.
These guys made the carpet look better than when I'd moved in.
Amazing value in their service.
Will only use these guys in the future.

I must say, Not only were these delightful men, on time, meticulous, quiet, and with smiles on their faces.
They did a FABULOUS JOB!!!!!
I will only use them from now on.
I am going to try their pressure washing and window washing services next.
They were the best.
I MOST HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
CYNTHIA FROM SPANISH TRAILS.

I called and requested Noble Cleaners to clean 3 high traffic areas in my home.
They did a superb job!!!!
They were on time, professional, and personable!
They even gave us advice on products to minimize the dirt accummulation in our high traffic areas.
I will be using them again for sure!

Wonderful!
My fellow Yelpers did not steer me wrong!
Needed a move-out carpet cleaning for my house on base, also needed to have a couch and area rug cleaned prior to the carpets.
Gene and Ryan hooked it up!
They came and did the couch and rug, then came out after all the furniture was gone and did an awesome job on the carpets, no problems passing inspection.
They knocked out 3 years of dirty and grime from 4 kids and 2 dogs.
They were super nice and professional at all times.
Price was excellent IMO.
About $200 for a four bedroom house, including hallways and closets.
(the couch was extra-rug was free) Highly recommend these guys.
Thanks!!!
:-)

Hands down best carpet cleaners ever!
Nicest guys, Gene and Ryan are the owners are came twice to my house to clean carpets.
The house we bought had nice upgraded carpets, yet sadly the previous homeowner never vacuumed or had them cleaned, so they were disgusting.
Noble Cleaners made them look almost brand new again!
They also cleaned all the floor tile and grout throughout my home.
They work hard and are honest guys!
I highly recommend them if you need your carpets or areas rugs cleaned, or your tile floors cleaned, as well.
If you want friendly, honest, hardworking service for your carpet and tile, call these guys.
You won't be disappointed!

WOW!
Seriously.
they pressure washed our driveway, steam-cleaned 3 bedrooms, and got all the old grit off of the kitchen tile floor.
the kitchen floor looks BRAND NEW!
polite, on-time, and great price to boot!
top notch!
and they even wore booties on their feet to not track more dirt in the house and on what they just cleaned.

These guys are great, extremely professional, thorough, and reliable.
Most importantly, they got the job done.
It was the best carpet cleaning I have ever had.
My sofa looked brand new and they even got make up out of my carpet!!
I would highly recommend them.
I like how they are the owners and they come out to do the job themselves.

They cleaned my couches today.
Fantastic!
Even stains they said wouldn't come out, came out.
Thanks guys

One of my dogs got very sick and decided to take it out on our carpet.
No matter how much I scrubbed the stain and smell would not come out.
I found Noble Cleaners on Yelp and called them up.
They were able to come out the very next day to clean our living room, dining room, and stairs.
The guys - Gene and I forgot the other guy's name!
:( - were really nice.
They finished all three areas in less than an hour, and even went over the worst area twice.
I cannot overstate how much of a difference it has made on the carpet!
I've never seen it look this clean!
In fact, it was so clean that it inspired me to clean the rest of the house that very day.
;)  Highly recommended!

Highly recommended!!!
Thank you both so much for your outstanding service, friendliness and professionalism!!!
Gene and Ryan are terrific- best carpet cleaners ever!
They cleaned our carpets, 6 dining room chairs, a living room chair and a loveseat.
Everything is shiny, new and clean again.
I can't say enough good things about them!
I am a loyal Noble Cleaner client now, and will recommend them to everyone I know!!

First I would like to say I have had bad experiences with  local carpet cleaning companies in town before.
I have tried to use the companies that advertise 8 dollars a room only to be completely frustrated when they came over and it was definitely not 8 dollars, it was way more than that, and the end result was the carpet was wet for days and still as dirty as it was before.
Noble Cleaners is definitely not that, they are a first rate company that stands behind their work.
I entertain guests quite frequently and have a lot of foot traffic on my floors.
If i ever need them to come over and clean up at the last minute they always make the time.
I have Gene and Ryan come over every few months to come clean and the end result is that it looks like a new house.
Gene and Ryan are the owners of the business and they take the time to explain to me what it is they are doing and why and are always extremely courteous to me and my family.
They take the extra time after they're done to ask about my favorite teams and play with my pets.
Thats the kind of personal touch that many other carpet cleaning and service businesses in general seem to be lacking in Las Vegas.
Noble Cleaners will have my business for life.
They make getting your carpet and tile cleaned something to look forward to instead of being another stressful obligation.

I was extremely pleased with the fast service and the level of quality performed.
These two young men were professional, clearly know their business and clients, but most importantly they delivered what I asked for and what they promised.
I will use them again and again!

These are the best rug cleaners in all of Vegas!
My Chinese Crested puppy was a bit hard to train and he did some naughty business on my brand new expensive nylon string rug.
I thought it was ruined for good until I yelped this place.
Noble Cleaners were my heroes!
I met the owners when they dropped off my spotless rug and it was smelling fresh as a daisy.
They went above and beyond the call of duty to make sure I was happy.
They just don't make em like this anymore these days, I tell ya!
As such they are the only ones I trust with my expensive rugs and I will give them my repeat business.
Fellow pet owners can rejoice in the fact that you have someone to turn to.
Their perfect reviews speak for themselves.
Look no further.
These people are the ones!

Best floor cleaners in Vegas!!!
This is my second review for Noble Cleaners.
Right after they cleaned our carpets the first time, we had a plumbing issue and had construction dust everywhere.
Right away, I knew who to call to clean the carpets, grout and tile.
I asked Sam if she knew any good maid/ cleaning services, and she recommended The Maids of Las Vegas.
They also did an amazing job.
Noble Cleaners worked hard with a lot of attention to detail.
My tile floors are sparkling, all the construction dust is gone and my carpets are fresh and clean again.
Thank you so much Gene, Ryan, and Sam!!!
I couldn't be more pleased!

I saw a carpet cleaning deal on Living Social, having never heard of Noble Cleaners I did my research and here we are, happy as a clam!
They reviews say it all, they were ON TIME, very friendly and very efficient!
My carpets were very soiled from darling honey walking on them with dirty shoes on, now they look awesome!
I can have company over without feeling embarrassed because of my carpets!
When they walked into the house to look at carpets on arrival, they even put shoe covers over their shoes to walk on my dirty carpet!!
You won't regret using Noble cleaners!

I had to get the carpets cleaned in the house I was moving out of and my neighbor referred me to these guys.
All I can say is if you want to deal with true professionals, not the typical Las Vegas service company, call Noble.
They were on time, polite, professional and most importantly did a great job.
When its time to get the carpets cleaned at my new place, I know exactly who I will be calling!

These gentlemen are absolutely terrific.
They are the most professional group of carpet cleaners I have ever worked with.
The end result was incredible.
My carpet looked brand new.
They also cleaned my tile/grout.
I thought I had brand new tile installed.
Will absolutely use these guys again and would recommend them to anyone wanting to work with true professionals who deliver a high quality outcome and not some fly by night group.

Jeez, if everything could be this easy!
On time, totally professional, super nice guys, family owned and my carpet looks great!
Thank you Noble for carpet nirvana!

My husband and I just had our carpets cleaned by these guys; they did a stellar job!
Our dogs trashed our carpets, I was honestly ready to just get them replaced...but everything looks beautiful and new again!
On top of that, they were on time, worked very fast, and they were SO nice.
We also felt the pricing was very fair.
We'll recommend this wonderful company to all of our local friends, thanks!

I was thinking of getting our carpets cleaned, but didn't act on it until a friend posted on Facebook asking for recommendations for cleaners.
I was going to call a company that a friend of hers recommended, but then I thought of checking Yelp.
And that's when I found Noble, with all of its excellent reviews.
They came today, a bit earlier than our 4:00 appointment, and would've come even earlier if I'd let them.
Our carpets weren't all that bad, since they were only about two years old.
But Gene and Ryan were very efficient, very friendly, and when I asked a question about the chemicals used, I was given a thorough explanation.
When they finished, we were given booties to put on over our shoes so we could check on the work and make sure we were satisfied.
We most definitely are!
We had them measure the downstairs and got a quote for cleaning and sealing the tile, which actually is twice the price of having all the carpets and stairs cleaned, but we're going to have them do the job in a couple of weeks.
These guys inspire confidence, and I'm happy to recommend them wholeheartedly.

I called Noble Cleaners to clean my living room carpets and couches.
When Sam answered the phone she was able to give me an exact quote and schedule a time around my schedule to get the guys out.
Gene and Ryan showed up promptly at our scheduled time and immediately got to work.
They took the time needed to clean my cushions and couch and then pressed straight on to the carpets.
Gene was able to tell me about different types of cleaners and even about stain blockers and how they really work.
I will recommend Noble Cleaners for all my cleaning needs to anyone.
Hands down the best carpet, tile, wood, and upholstery cleaners in Las Vegas.

Wow !
Had my carpet and sofa cleaned by this company and I would definitely recommend them !
On time,  friendly, and excellent service.
They gave me a quote over the phone ( which is rare) and very reasonable pricing considering the quality of the work they do is unlike any other carpet cleaning I have had done !
I did not take before photos ( never thought to take pics of my nasty stained couch and carpets) but have added some after photos as a picture is worth a thousand words.
It is refreshing nowadays to pay for a service , and actually get service that exceeds your expectations !
There is a reason they have a 5 star rating, look no further if u r looking for carpet/upholstery cleaning as you have found the company right here !

These guys are amazing.
You know that moment when you're reading all the Yelp reviews going, wow there's too many good ones for these reviews to be legit.
Well they are.
Very professional, on time, affordable, and get the job done.
Believe me folks, I have 4 kids and white carpet.
(They do well with furniture too!

these guys are great!
they did such a thorough  job they were so pleasant everything looks great they really stand behind their work!
plus the quote they gave me was exact ....super honest great work why go anywhere else!

These guys were great.
They came right on time for their appointment and did one bedroom carpet and all the grout in our house (kitchen, bathroom, laundry, and by the front door.
)  The grout was dark gray when we moved in 2 years ago (though it is supposed to be white) and it was black by the time we called these guys up.
Two brothers showed up and went to work.
I had 3 kids to keep out of their hair while they worked and figured they'd be at least 2-3 hours.
They said it wouldn't take more than an hour and a half and  instead, they were done in 52 minutes.
LOVED IT!
The grout and 11-year-old carpet both look wonderful!
Thanks guys!

I had to reschedule with short notice and they were easy to reach and courteous.
My carpets look great, the price was fair and I felt comfortable enough to leave them to finish while I ran errands.

Excellent experience with Noble.
Easy scheduling, on time, paid by phone, and friendly.
After they finished, my lifeless carpet looked better than when i moved in 4 years ago.

Having used some of the larger, national companies in the past and usually being disappointed with the result, we decided to try Noble last year.
We have dogs who love to play outside and then drag their toys into the house and on to the carpet, so  as you can imagine, we pretty much require cleanings every 3 months.
Gene and Ryan always show up on time and always maintain a professional yet friendly attitude.
I usually start off the cleaning with "don't worry about getting rid of that stain, it's ink and I have tried everything and it won't budge" or something similar, yet without fail the boys always manage to get every stubborn mark out of my light beige carpets :) Then there is Sam, who sets up the appointments.
She is always a delight to talk to and definitely compliments the wonderful service the boys give.
I am an extremely happy customer and will continue to have Noble keep my carpets in "tip top" shape!

True professionals through and through.
Straight to the point and very thorough.
My carpet is very light colored almost white and they made them look new again.
Will definately be using them next time.

Decided to have our carpets cleaned and had lots of mail ads to chose from.
Checked out Yelp and found Noble with great reviews.
The reviews were correct.
Called, scheduled within the week.
Cleaners arrived early and got the job done quickly and efficiently.
Very pleased with the results and told me to call if I found anything after the fact and they would come back and fix it.
Nothing to be found great job!

We just had the guys out to clean the carpets....excellent job and no chemical after smell.
I support small family business and I will use them again.

This is the second time I have used these guys.
Without a doubt, the best carpet cleaning company in Las Vegas!
I called to have them clean the carpets in a rental property I have.
Not only were they on time, they were early!
They actually had to wait for me...
I felt bad about that but they just said, no problem and went to work.
They knocked it out quick and it looked great.
I even felt comfortable enough to leave them there alone while I left to do a few other things I had to get done.
When I came back they were gone and locked the door just like I had asked them to.
When it comes to carpet cleaning I don't even have to look for a company.
I already know who I will call.
Thank you Noble!

Wow!!!!
Right on time, perfection.
Sam got us in immediately and they were in n out in 2 hours.
The houae is 3900 sq ft and 3000 of it carpet.
The owners are veey professional and very nice.
The house looks like a model home again.
Highly recommend using them dor your properties.

Awesome company.
We had them come seal the tile in our newly built home.
They were early, friendly, meticulous, and even applied a third coat of sealer to high traffic areas.
They consulted with my wife as to which cleaning products would work better than others, and were in and out in a short time.
And they came in under budget too.
Will use them again in a heartbeat.

Had the team from Noble out to clean my couch.
They entered the home, like it was there's and made sure to keep tidey.
The work they did I am very happy with, and would recommend them to anyone looking for a professional group to clean their carpets or furniture.

Yelp has yet to let me down.
Awesome service!
2 guys showed up on time were friendly and courteous and did a great job.
Was quoted a price over the phone and that is what I was charged.
My carpets look fantastic and clean!
Will definitely use these guys again.

