I am so happy I found Randy and his team!!!
I travel to Las Vegas on business all the time and find it difficult to leave my pets in a hotel room all day while I am out.
SuperStar Pet Services gives me great peace of mind knowing that my pets will be looked after and given lots of LOVE while I am gone.
I appreciate that they are also pet lovers and super reliable even for those of us who are out of towner's!
Thank you so much for all you do!
Keep up the amazing job!

Great service!
Professional and reliable!
We are so happy we found Randy!
He was great with our two dogs.
I was so nervous about leaving my dogs, but my worries were eased by Randy who texted me pics of my dogs everyday he went to the house.
Also, the other really great thing about his service is he doesn't hold on to your key.
He sets up a lock box at your house where you can keep your key safeguarded on your property.
Randy came an extra day too, for no charge.
When I returned I got to watch a video he posted on YouTube of the fun they all had together!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_XNKjRwwfQ

Great Service!
Professional Pet sitter who made us feel at ease about leaving our dog at home for a few days.
Sent texts and pictures every visit to show everyone was going well.
Our dog seemed to love him.
Affordable pricing, and the fact your pet gets to stay in their own home, makes it a no-brainer when compared to kennels.
Randy will now be our go-to pet sitter.
In fact, we'll probably have him stop by periodically just to play with our dog Stewie.
Can't recommend him highly enough.

SORRY SO LONG- But this is a fantastic story WORTH READING & SHARING!
I had the pleasure of working with Randy this week.
We called him out of the blue, after googling "pet sitter Las Vegas".
I am a pet groomer in Dayton OH.
A friend and client of mine moved to Las Vegas when one month later he suddenly passed away stranding his dog in Las Vegas.
The family was desperate to have Colt home, especially by the funeral.
It was very difficult to coordinate his shipment home because we didn't know anyone on that end.
I called local groomers, the animal hospital he was boarding at, the humane society, rescue groups, and local churches!!
No help.
Which lead to my pet sitter search.
Randy was a gem!
Not only did he get Colt to the airport at 5am (the only time Colt could fly because of the heat), but did the shopping for the necessary items he needed to be compliant to fly!
He had to go to the store 3 times!
He did a lot of leg work for us that we just couldn't have done from here.
Every time I talked to him via phone he was friendly and helpful!
He took excellent care of Colt... Like he was his own... And was mindful of other dogs he was responsible for while coordinating with me about  Colt's trip.
Another cool thing was, he had a payment option on his website, so when we needed to pay for the crate and travel necessities, he called me from the store with an amount, which he got notification of me paying right on his phone!!
then he went through the checkout.
It was awesome!
When he got Colt to the airport, he took the time to make sure he "pottied" before his flight.
I can't tell you how having Colt home has brought happiness to the family during such a sad and cruel tragedy.
Being a pet professional myself, I can honestly say, if I am ever in Vegas...
There is NO ONE, I mean HANDS DOWN- NO ONE else I would let care for my beloved pets!

Absolutely 110% satisfied out-of-town customer.
We happen to be on a mini vacation /work in Vegas for the week.
We had tickets to go see Mystere ( great show btw).
I thought my dog Maudie, my 2 year old kennel trained beagle,  would be fine in her kennel in the hotel room for a few hours.
Found out it was the hotels policy pets can not be left alone.
She is the sweetest but shy dog.
I have never left her with anyone before and I was very nervous.
Randy made me feel very comfortable about taking her for the evening for us.
He even came to our hotel to pick her up and brought her back after the show and  my dog was very calm and happy.
I felt the price due to the short notice and the service provided was so reasonable I paid him a little more than he asked for.
Thank you so much Randy for the short notice and your caring exceptional customer service.
We will be calling you when we come back in the area next time.

Go glad to find Randy and this company!
My work schedule changes and they are super flexible about coming to take my dog out on the days that my dog will be alone to long.
I get photo messages from the park with my dog on a walk or playing with others.
I recommend to anyone looking for a dog walker in Summerlin.

Love this place they were there for a family & boxer in a time of need....
Words cannot explain the time & care this man dedicated to help get colt home plus all the hours donated I'm eternally greatfull I would would trust him with my pets anytime

I recently went on a trip out of the country and had Randy from Superstar take care of my 2 kitties.
He is very honest, took good care of my kitties and even ran the roomba at my request.
Roomba must be emptied each time it runs.
My house was good and my kitties were happy when I came home.
As soon as Randy knew I was home he came right over to remove his lockbox and return my key.
I could see that my kitties were taken care of and given attention while I was away.
The only suggestion I have would be to remove shoes upon entry to the homes.
I will definitely use Superstar Pet Services for my future trips!

