I took my Mercedes there for a routine service because I was tired of going to the dealership and getting hassled, feeling like I was being overcharged and having them find more things wrong with my car, and taking too long to service it.
Sam was great!
I brought my car in, and I had a couple other malfunctions with the lights.
He was right on the money with his estimate for the service... fixed the lights without charging for labor, and we ended up having him fix my husband's water pump in his cadillac escalade on the same day.
He did not try to "upsell" us on anything, in fact he told us our cars were in great shape.
He will be from now on our go to mechanic for all our needs.
Thanks Sam, I finally found a great Mechanic I feel super comfortable with in Vegas with is a lot to say for a woman.

The brakes on my 92 Mercedes 500E were squealing.
It was a Saturday and I didn't want to risk waiting until Monday, so I took a chance, based on Yelp reviews and called All Imports.
I'm glad I did.
The owner, Sam, who is a very charming guy, told me to come in and he'd take care of it.
I dropped the car off, took a 2 hour walk up and down Spring Mountain (discovering many hidden asian gems in the process by the way), and when I came back the job was done.
Prices are not exactly cheap, but more or less the same as other non-dealer Mercedes shops.
And the brakes are working beautifully.
I'll be back.

We took our car, a 2010 Chevrolet HHR, in to All Imports Auto Service last week.
They offered us a good deal on our 60,000 mile scheduled maintenance service.
Work was done in a timely manner and everyone there was professional and courteous.
I feel confident that the folks at All Imports are honest and reliable.
They weren't out to price gouge us like the Chevy Dealership and a number of other mechanic shops we got quotes from.

If I could put 0 stars, I would!
This place is such a rip-off!
Took my Acura in to check up on a smoking problem it was having and left it there for a few hours.
They called me back and a guy told me that it'd take around $800 to fix my car.
$800?!?!!
You've got to be kidding me.
I said no, but asked for a list of the "problems" he was charging me for.
They were all bullshit!!!
Seriously charging me to change my AIR FILTER?
Come on, I know I don't know anything about cars but taking advantage of that is just a dick move!
The rest I have no idea about, but it couldn't of added up to that much.
Took my car to another shop and they got it fixed.
Paid $160.
DON'T EVER GO HERE!
THEY WILL TRY AND RIP YOU OFF!
It's so bad that I had to write a review to warn you!
AVOID AT ALL COSTS!

I used All Imports one time when I needed new door locks and thought they did a good job at a fair price.
When I needed my car towed there I found that they were not at all honest.
I was told that I needed a new engine and that I could get a used one for $6800 with a year warranty.
Or, the owner would "take it off my hands.
" As it turned out, I didn't need a new engine at all.
Something was wrong with the brain in the computer and it cost me $138.00 to fix it at Lexus.
All imports took out the oil pan and put it back with the wrong sealant knowing that the car would surely break down very quickly and in frustration I would return.
Not surprisingly, there is a used car lot immediately adjacent to the repair shop and it appears that these two friends prey on women who do not know cars.
I don't know about cars, but I have pretty good instincts.
No reliable diagnostic test was performed, the work that allegedly was performed was designed to ruin my car or at the very least make it dangerously unreliable.
Between the car rental, the towing and the "repair" I have spent over $1000.00.
I really hoped that All Imports was a good, honest shop.
Another Vegas disappointment.
Back to AAA certified mechanics.

I am writing this review in my cozy room in Urbana, Illinois, which is more than 1200 miles away from Las Vegas.
I am an international undergraduate student in the University of Illinois.
Last December, my mom came to the State to visit me.
We went for a road trip all the way from central Illinois to the west coast in my 10-year-old Range Rover.
I had never travelled this far with it since I bought it third-hand.
My car broke down in Texas, with an extremely vigorous engine vibration and a severe loss of power.
After a short road-side repair (I am a mechanical engineering student and I used to learn repairing cars in an auto service outlet), the car moved but we clearly realized that we could not made it to our final destitnation, Los Angeles.
We decided to stop by Las Vegas, where, I believe, would be plenty of service shops that could fix a Land Rover.
In the morning of Christmas Eve, I drove the shivering Range Rover along the lavish streets of Las Vegas, only to find that all shops were closed.
When I tried my luck, dialed All Imports' number which I found on Google and was informed that they were open, I felt so blessed.
They quickly spotted by reading error codes that three cylinders had misfire and two had lean system by.
They reported deteriorated spark plugs and estimated deteriorated ignition coils.
After performing smoke test they found leak on one pipe behind the engine, but cannot identify exact location without removing the intake manifold.
I approved the spark plugs replacement and they completed the job before closing at 12:30.
Having auditting the entire repair process, I found that both the manager and the mechanic were professional, careful and honest.
I promised that I would go back after Christmas.
After a three-day trip to Los Angeles, I went back with the same, shivering car.
Before I arrived, I was told by the manager that my parts were ready and they could fix my car as soon as I was back in Las Vegas.
On December 28, we arrived at their shop early.
They replaced all ignition coils (deteriorated coils were confirmed by a dealership in LA) and the pipe behind.
They even offered a "limo" service and brough my mon and I to the Premium Outlets in the manager's car.
At the end of the day, when all jobs were completed, just as we drove onto the street from their drive way, I saw tremendous smoke from the exhaust pipe and heard incredibly loud noise.
I drove the car back and found they waiting for us and ready to look into the issue.
They replaced the oil seperator of the crankcase ventilation for free.
However, the smoke and noise problems still exist.
On December 29, we arrived in their shop, again, with excess worries and anxiety.
We actually did not know what we should do if they could not fix the car.
The manager and also the owner, Sam, consoled me by promising that they would "make every effort to fix my car and let us go back to Illinois safely".
They replaced the manifold gasket, manifold front cover gasket and back cover.
Procedures were complicated and parts behind the engine were very difficult to reach.
However they managed to complete the jobs with maximum possible care and patience.
At the end of the day, when they tried starting my car and stepping on the gas pedal, I was so nervous and could not say a single word.
When I saw that less and less smoke came out of the exhaust and finally the exhaust gas became colorless and odorless, I almost burst into tears.
They gave me a 15% off on the labor, since it had been my third day in their shop, and filled my engine oil and coolant for free.
Also they fixed my left-side rear-view mirror and it no longer swung.
When we left their location, it was already 6:30, way after their closing time.
I knew that Sam's wife really wanted him to be home for dinner quickly but Sam hunged up her call a few times.
We finally set off our trip back to the Illinois, after stopping at a few national parks in Arizona.
On January 4, when we were driving along I-40 in New Mexico, to my surprise I even received a call from Sam and he asked whether my car still ran well after their repair.
I said everything was fine and expressed my sincere thanks.
Now my car runs perfectly, according to Sam, as smoothly as a sewing machine does.
You will never find yourself so lucky if you have not met warm-hearted people like them who generously offer help when you are in such a terrible situation, and, thousands of miles away from home.
Now Sam and I become friends.
The mechanic is also impressive and I love talking with him.
I will definitely pay a visit back to All Imports, of course, better with a well functioning car next time, if I go to Las Vegas some time in the future.
By the way, if you read this: Thank you, Sam and Kim (sorry if I remember your name wrong).

Had travelled in from out of town and had air conditioner problems.
Took it here got great service and was on the road the same day.
Thanks Sam and your team.
I found them to be honest and helpful.

I stumbled across this place when the engine started cutting out on my Nissan.
Though it was unrelated, some months before the digital readouts (gas level, odometer, etc.,) blanked out and I got an estimate of at least $800 to replace the board, so I was just living with it  .
I wanted a place that could work on my daughter's Mitsubishi as well, so "All Imports" sounded good.
Talk about your leap of faith.
Well, Sam figured out the engine problem and fixed it, as well as a bunch of other stuff I had put off doing and when I got the bill, the amount I paid for fixing the board was closer to $400, so I did not feel ripped off in any way.
I did have a problem with the interior lights that recurred soon after, but I'm not taking off stars because I was too busy to take it back to see if he would re-do it.
He kept my daughter's little bucket of bolts on the road, and now she is smog-check legal and air-conditioned to boot!
Car repairs are not cheap anywhere but I am satisfied that they know what they're doing and you get a good value here.

Sam & his team know what they are doin they will also be honest with you with real problems give you a break down & show you what's goin on!
My car runs like new & I'll never go back to my dealership again!
Which is Cars Direct on Freemont ugh After getting my car repaired I was so relieved & satisfied cause my car was misfiring leaking oil & idling horribly squeeking belts & service engine light was on ect.
after 2 months of having it got sick of the back and forth w/ my dealer who was jus wastin my F*n time got my ass on google called & found this life saver I need transportation to continue making money so I went in!
I told myself & friends this is the go to place for All Imports especially if you don't have a warranty on ya car I figure id save more money this way paying cash for everything!
Not having to worry about a deductible & may end up still Havin problems what are the chances ya know so I took a leap of faith Being in my situation with not Havin a co signer for a new car shit I figured get somethin just as nice keep regular maintenance done on it & go on bout my business Tell them Letica sent you!

PLEASE BEWARE!!!!!
So I took my Mercedez CLK 500 here and I was trying to have a positive mindset as I just moved to Las Vegas a couple weeks ago.
Something was making noise in my car every time I stepped on the brakes.
My car was due for a service B  so I decided to take it to this scam artist since I tried to be optimistic about the limited good reviews it had on google and yelp.
So I went in and immediately when the mechanic talked to me in the lobby he just seemed sketchy.
You know that feeling that someone is just not a good person?
Like up to know good.
Well anyways, I waited in the lobby for about an hour and he said that service B includes just a general check of the car.
Anyways he told me that I was going to need new brushings for my front wheels as they were cracked, new radiator hose, fix a minor radiator leak and oil leak.
He said it would cost close to 1900$ on top of 380$ he charged me to just change the oil, oil filter basically an oil change and windshield wipers he was supposed to replace (which I will get to that part in a minute).
So I went home stressed out that I will have to spend so much money on my car on top of my intuitive thoughts coming in saying this guy is a total sham.
So I decided to make some phone calls and was able to get a reference from WOLF DMS.
WOLF DMS referred GYCO AUTOMOTIVE CENTER in Sunrise.
Bryan from GYCO was able to check my car the same day I was supposed to go back to All Imports ,  Bryan pointed out I needed new gaskets for my transmission, there was a leak in my engine and new rotors which explained the noise and shaking in my wheels.
Totally different from the quote I got from All Import.I asked him to check the radiator and he said it was fine and no leaks at all.
turns out it was the headlight washer connect that was leaking not the radiator!
Gyco charged me 1100$ to fix what was actually wrong with my car... All Imports remember Karma... People who take advantage of other people will eventually experience bad karma.
So unfortunate because I was actually looking to go to a place on the regular.
oh well hopefully this helps other people to be smart!
Btw All Import you can keep the windshield wipers you were supposed to put in my car!
ugh!

Took my GF Mercedes here to get ABS break light off.
When I went to pay Sam said the price was $350/$400.
Excuse me do I pick the price or do I get to negotiate never have I heard a mechanic guess the price needless to say I went there with 350 he wanted 400 which he didn't get for probably $35 worth of work, will also not be bringing her car there anymore as well.
Unprofessional & overpriced!
Again leaving here with the feeling of getting ripped off.

