Village Square was a nice shopping plaza when I first moved here about a dozen years ago.
Anchored by the Regal Village Square Theatre complex, the center had shops of all kinds from a bakery with fine teas to a low cost hair cutting place.
Over a period of time, new businesses took the place of others that closed and the center seem to lose a bit of its original luster.
Then the great recession hit and the place became like a ghost town.
There were more empty stores than open ones and some of the businesses had a hard time hanging on and staying in business.
In the last year, the owners of the plaza announced that they were going to renovate the exteriors and generally make the place a more pleasant area.
New palm trees have been planted, the store fronts have a fresh coat of paint, but best of all they have changed the way you enter and park in the center.
Previously, you had to go east or west and then park in rows facing north and south.
Today when I went to get take out from Archi's Thai Café, I noticed that the parking is wonderful.
You can go right straight through and park in an east/west direction.
This makes so much better sense.
There are some new stores coming including a new Mexican restaurant.
Those holding on have been Archi's, Tropical Smoothie Café, Alligator Soup crafts store, and Cold Stone Creamery.
Let's hope with the improving economy and the facelift the owners have given Village Square, the best is yet to come!

They're in the process of doing a lot of construction Village Square, so I'm anticipating quite a revitalization of this area.
I have always enjoyed this area as they have a lot of different dining options as well as a movie theater.
It's usually a pretty low-key place to stop by for a movie date and dinner at a nice restaurant.
During the construction it's pretty hard to get around and traffic can back up quite a bit during peak hours.
I can't wait to see how they improve it and hopefully they can fill up the rest of the vacant restaurant and shops that are available.

This center is back!
A lot of exciting new businesses, beautiful rehabilitation and new energy!
This center is becoming a place that offers it all, shopping, entertainment, health/fitness, food, and overall fun!

So much better now that all the construction on the parking lot is complete.
I used to dread coming here because of the terrible parking lot situation and how crowded it gets, but on my most recent visits, it's actually been a pleasure.
They resurfaced and resegmented the entire lot and it's just so much more convenient now.

Wow, this shopping center used to be empty, abandoned and very sad but not anymore!
It's coming back!
There are lots of signs of life and almost every space is taken up with some new business.
There's lots of new restaurants and shops, coffee places and of course the movie theater.
The new holiday decorations cracked me up last week -- those are the biggest butts I have ever seen on a reindeer.
Baby got back!

I like Village Sqaure.
The new management has really turned this place around.
The movie theater was always the center piece but now its becoming a great place to hang out.
The new yoga studio Sumit rocks.
The new Orangetheory Fitness is bringing the Miami style HIIT training format to Vegas.
Can't wait for their grand opening March 7th.
Im going to the trial classes at end of February.
Settebello's.
....love love love their pizza!
Its such a cool place to have a casual dinner out with friends or that special someone.
But my absolute favorite place is Avery's coffee.
Cozy, quaint and well run.
Great owners super friendly and the coffee and tea are second to none.
I enjoy their fresh baked muffins and I generally grab a bag of my favorite beeans to brew at home.
I absolutely adore this cafe.
Its my favorite spot to sit on the patio enjoy a great cigar with a fabulous cup of coffee.
Village Square has several new places opening like a new cocktail tavern, and optical shop, a body sculpting place, a blow and go (since I have no hair I have no need), a great second store and plenty of old favorites like Archies Thai and Bachi burger.
I love the ease of getting in and out of this center unlike Boca or Tivoli.
Although the center has convince and ease it does lack certain shops and restaurants like a Boca or Tivoli so I can only award this center 3 stars but for what it does have I personally feel like its 5 stars since I dont have the stress and congestion while I'm trying to get a great cup of coffee and meet a colleague.

Decent shopping plaza- more dining and entertainment than anything else here, though.
Few shopping places, but I do appreciate that one of the options is a consignment/resale store with decent selection and good prices/sales.
There's also an Orange Gym in the area, too, though I have yet to check it out.
This plaza is perfect for a date- coffee at Avery's before or after your movie, have a meal at Archi's for thai, Buldogi's for gourmet hotdogs, Bachi for fusion burgers, or hit up Happy Hours at Chicago Brewing Company or Settebello.
And then there's also Lollibee for halo halo or a small bakery for some other form of dessert.
Spacious plaza has tons of smaller businesses and most are local instead of chains.
Also appreciate the landscaping in the area too, keeping things looking upscale.
Even though it's located at a busy intersection, these shops are set back from the street so there isn't a danger to pedestrians or too much traffic noise/pollution.

