This is probably the worst PetSmart I've ever been in.
The aisles were messy, the shelves were disorganized, and 3 or 4 lanes are available with no one present to check me out, ring me up, whatever you wanna call it (no no!
I wasn't looking for a date).
I feel sorry for the animals that live here.

I had a good experience at this location.
I came to pick up my family's French Bulldog, Stitch from the groomer.
I arrived, retrieved my receipt, paid at the front, looked around, and Stitch was waiting for me in their lobby with an associate.
While looking around, I noticed that the aisles were very clean.
I peeped into the reptile, bird, and rodent "homes" and they were also clean.
The reptiles (mostly the snakes and lizards) were out and about, the birds chirping loud, and the guinea pigs weren't hiding.
This left a good impression because often times I've gone into pet stores and the animals are hiding, shaking with fear.
I will definitely return with Stitch and would recommend this location.

Meow, woof, chirp...
The animas all love this place.
I have been to several of the other Pet Smarts and this is a keeper!
Hours - What great  hours.
Always open very early.
Service - Very excellent and often times, they have teams walking around the store asking if you need assistance.
These staffers know their stuff!
Prices - Hmm,  I priced a dog food canister here and at Petco.
at Pet Smart, it was 30% cheaper.
Both were NOT on sale.
Doctors - this one has a Banfield Hospital attached to it, and it is mighty convenient.
I like t his place!
Check it out.
You will feel taken care of here!

When we first had to board our dogs we brought them to the PetsHotel because we new someone was there 24/7 and we went through Banfield  (which is in some Petsmart's) for their vets.
The pricing didn't seem too bad at first till I found another place that was a little cheaper still had someone on site 24/7, they played all day in the play area with no extra cost, weren't kept in a kennel setting and I didn't have to pay for the extra's like you do at PetsHotel.
You have to pay for extra play time if you want your pet to have it, you have to pay them extra per pill or medication per day and you have to pay for an exit bath if you want them to smell good when they come home (yes it's cheaper than just going through the groomer's there but still just let that be apart of the package).
You can pay for special treat's like doggie ice cream, let's just hope that they get it since you pay for it!
I did like that if you went over check out time you were not charged an extra day they would just put that day as day care so it was cheaper.

This was the third time we had our half lab-half poodle (labradoodle) dog shaved at this Petsmart.. the first two times were done ok...and we were charged $58.
Yesterday, my wife went to pick up our dog, and was told they "changed" her breed to Giant Schnauzer (because they said she is similar to a Giant Schnauzer), and the bill increased by $20.
They did NOT do this the previous two times..  after calling them out on it, my wife did get the $20 difference back..

This is usually the place I go to to drop off my animal to stay at their hotel.
The only reason why I go here is because Animal Inn near the strip is closed already.
They have a very friendly staff which is super helpful.
They are very easy going and accommodating even late at night.

love this petsmart.
I take my puppy here for doggie daycamp, his stayed at the pet hotel and is in training classes and he absolutely loves it.
the staff is friendly and great customer service.. Their are always associates on the sales floor asking if you need some help.
Banfield pet hospital is inside the building which is convenient for alot of people but I do find them expensive since I don't have insurance for my dog but im guessing thats how it is at every pet hospital.
**expensive** :-) Their staff at banfield is very friendly and courteous.
Pet grooming associates are very friendly.
love the big windows so you can watch and see how they work.
The pet trainer they have is great.
My dog is currently in classes and his learning alot.
This is the only petsmart i would go to..   hours: 7am-9pm

We brought our Small chihuahua mix here for a cut, they're usually good but last time the groomer gave her a small cut on her elbow.
They took her into the vet located in the store and gave her a free checkup, thankfully it was nothing serious and didn't get any infection.
Still kinda uneasy about taking her back.
Think I'll give it one more shot..... just got a call she got cut AGAIN.. last time I take my dog here..

Hmmmm... One person putting a review at the hotel page when they didn't like the pet grooming at the store and one person who downgrades things because they found another place they like better.
I think I'll be the first person to actually review the hotel.
We were coming through on our way to Palm Springs and needed a clean, nice place to put the pooch for the night.
The strip just isn't dog friendly.
They are certainly not the cheapest place around town.
However, they are very business like, The facility is spotless.
It was not a problem that our dog spent about 24 hours in the kennel.
We could have paid extra for day care, but she needed the rest after doing things all day anyway.
The staff really seemed to care about the animals.
They knew enough about her personality when we picked her up that they obviously spent time with her.
I'd use them again.

If I could rate the Petsmart hotel no stars....I would!
Be warned if you are looking to board you pet here!!
DO NOT bring your pet here for boarding!!
The people who are in charge here are not responsible and are not polite.
My dog was very traumatized from staying there, which he has been boarded in the past and never had this experience or acted weird when we picked him up!
First, I called on Saturday to check on my dog, since I wondered how he was doing.
I called on a Saturday, they were understandably but that is not my point....I called and left a message on their machine to get a called back....well about 5 hours passed and we did not get a call back, so I called back and when I asked why nobody called me back, they told me somebody did according to their "notes" but the funny thing is that nobody called back and checked the messages on our house phone and there was not any messages left by anyone from the pet hotel!
The next thing is that they overfed our dog - we gave them enough food in the event our flight was delayed to where he would have enough food for the morning....when they brought what was left of his food, there was less than 1/2 of cup which is about 1 3/4 of a cup less, he is fed close to 2 cups per meal twice a day.
Lastly, he had poop stuck to his butt which was very hard to get out and my dog has NEVER has poop stuck to this butt!!
I really felt like they did not really pay much attention to the dog.
They are also over priced - if you want your dog to have "play time" it's extra compared to other places where it is included in the price.
If you love your pet, do not board you pet here!
I would suggest either Doggie District or Camp Bow Wow.

Over the last year or so, I've noticed a big change in the culture of the Pet Hotel.
Things have changed for the worse.
We've been taking the dogs here for years.
The dogs always seem to enjoy the daycamp.
When we board them however, things always seem to end on a bad note.
This time one of the dogs got sick and had to go to the vet.
I approved the quote they gave me over the phone, but when I came to pick them up, the amount was 30% higher.
When I asked for an explanation and a discount, the staff on duty was no help.
According to them, there was no manager on duty at the time, so I was stuck with the amount owed.
I am really unhappy with Pet Smart and the Pet Hotel.
The chances of my dogs returning is very low.

The staff is great when it comes to human interaction.
However I've witnessed times where they staff was cursing at a dog or getting angry because the dog didn't want to cooperate.
It's a dog!
Of course they're going to be difficult but yelling isn't going to make them more comfortable.
The cut it's self seems to be choppy, I have a toy and a sporting dog both had been shaved sloppy, also cutting the quick while trimming nails, and not even mentioning it to me.
The staff clearly needs some retraining on how to properly handle pets and how to use their tools correctly.

Took our dogs there paid for a bath for both only one dog was even wet.
Our other dog clearly was'nt given a bath and smelled.

Seriously, got some of the best customer service here when I've come in with the dog.
The staff is always pleasant to me and the dog, and one of the guys has always gone out of his way to ask if I need help on every occasion that I've visited and he's been there, so thank you guy for being so nice!
I like the way this store is set up specifically.
It feels more intimate than some of the other locations.

We left both our dog and cat here for 6 nights.
There was a TV in the cat room going 24/7 (sorry, what cat likes to listen to people noise constantly?
), the room temperature was hot - not even 72 degrees felt more like 80...
I told the staff my cat is a picky eater and I brought her own food and told them she likes her food fresh.
I explained what fresh meant: resealing the ziplock seal on the bag of food, if she doesn't eat all of her food dump the food back in the bag and pour some more (heh sneaky sneaky), and lastly clean the food bowl at least every 2-3 days.
When I picked her up she was half the weight she was when we brought her in.
She was very lethargic, unresponsive, shaky.
One of the staff that walked me back to get her had told me she had not eaten for 5 days....!!!!!!!!!!!!?!???!?!?!
I NEVER got a phone call, nothing.
I was so angry.
They wouldn't even discount her stay.
They didn't follow my feeding instructions.
I was and still am livid about the ordeal.
This was back in July (2012), the week of the 4th.
It took her a month to get back to normal plus a trip to our vet.
We've never had issues with boarding our dog here.
But cats, forget it.
Never again.
I'd recommend All About Cats Veterinary Clinic.

Doggy Day Camp review...
I've never left any dog I ever had at a place like this, so I was a bit worried.
We had bought a Petsmart puppy kit which comes with coupons for 2 days of  Doggy Day Camp.
So we went in to check the place out first, the staff was really nice and explained everything to us.
So we said what the heck, let's give it a try.
We decided to do a half day for our first time.
Check in/ check out was easy.
I bought an ice cream snack for our pup so that while he was with them he'd get a special treat, apparently he loved it.
They fill out a report card to let you know how the day went.
So as we are aware of, his report claims non stop energy and playing.
Yeah, why do you think I needed a break!
He acted fine upon pick up, was not smelly or dirty, and he was tired, just what I wanted.
I would take him back.

I am so torn.
This review would have been a 5 if I hadn't experience the horrible service at the cash register with a young man yesterday who really didn't strike me as someone who wanted to be there.
The rest of the associates were very lovely, from those in the grooming center to the dog trainer who helped me find just the right products for my dog.
Let me back up a bit.
I came in to Petsmart on Stephanie Street yesterday in the afternoon to have my Yorkies nails trimmed.
When I first walked in I went to the front person at the cashier and told him I needed to have my dogs nails trimmed.
He said "uhhh..Okayyy.." and just looked at me with one eyebrow raised without saying anything else...I asked him "So....what do I do?
" and he replied "Go in there.
" and pointed to the groomers room.
I was irritated but quickly forgot about it...maybe he was new and our communication just wasn't there.
Then I walked around the store for a while and picked up a new bed and some toothpaste for my yorkie while we waited for his nails to be trimmed.
Again I went up to the same boy at the cash register and he rang up all my items.
At the end I asked him if I was supposed to pay for grooming there or in the grooming area, he told me "You need to go in there and get the paper and then come back out here.
" Again, I was super irritated.
He saw me less than five minutes ago and knew that I was unaware of what to do..he could have told me at the BEGINNING of the transaction that I would need to go back in there again, come back out AGAIN and deal with him AGAIN.
This time, I was getting a little more upset but still trying to just brush it off.
So we rung the bed and the toothpaste up, paid for it and I gave him my pets perk card.
I've had that card forever, its not too pretty.
He grabbed it, and scoffed, and looked at me like I was a complete idiot.
I was BOILING.
After I paid I went in to grab my dog and his tab.
We then came back out AGAIN, and stood in line, AGAIN.
I handed him the paper which he scanned and then told me I owed 9 dollars.
I told him that didn't sound right since I was in last year at the beginning of the year to get my dogs nails trimmed and with my pets perk card it was only 4 dollars.
I told him it was wrong and he proceeded to tell me "We don't ever give discounts with the petsperk card.
" What are you talking about!?
By this time I had enough.
I asked him if he knew what he was doing and told him it seemed like he didn't even want to be there.
He just ignored me and proceeded to talk about the survey on the reciept.
I can not believe how horrible this boy was.
Everyone else was great.
But I'm hoping the manager of this Petsmart knows the saying "One bad apple spoils the bunch", because this boy has no business being at Petsmart.
When there are so many great, enthusiastic, kind people out of a job who are looking for one and then I see people like this, I get very confused.
Please choose better employees.

This review is for the pet daycare.
Price is right but I was appalled that dogs had to go potty on the tile floor on which they played; that is not right and not a good thing for animals to think they can do.
I will never use this facility again; there should be an outside source for this necessary function.

Not worthy of any stars!
The groomers could not handle my 7 lb Yorkie pup.
They said all they were able to manage was a bath.
Ummmm.. Why the sleepers in his eyes when I picked him up??
We've had our puppy for 5 months, and this was the first time I actually heard him cry- all the way home.
He was traumatized.
Shaking uncontrollably.
I wish they would have called me immediately instead of traumatizing my dog for even a second.

I was shocked to see the bad reviews for this location.
This is always my first choice to get my pug and Bernese shepherd mix groomed.
I have taken them to many Petco locations and was always dissatisfied.
I always get my 125 lb.
shepherd mix shaved, and they do a beautiful job with blending and trimming the feathering on his ears and tail.
I will keep taking my dogs here to get groomed and highly recommend it to others with furry friends.

Sad days when the groomers cant handle my partners 10 year old pug.
Took Buddha to get his nails cut and they talked me into getting him a bath as well.
OK cool, paid the 19 dollars which I didn't mind.
They called me two hours later said he was ready.
Picked him up and she proceeds to tell me that they only got a total of three toes because he wouldn't let them cut his nails!!!
Buddha wouldn't let them cut his nails?
Wow Buddha!
Are the Avengers looking for a new mascot??

Beware of the "Cat nazi Lady" my Family and I went there to adopt a cat for our home and she was rude and impolite to us and wouldn't  show us the cat we picked out from the window.
This lady should be checked out in a psycho ward lol.
Poor cat would've have a very nice home.

I have to vent.
I made an appointment to get my dog bathed and furminated for Saturday.
I have been coming here for a long time with no issues.
When I arrived, the reception person asked for my dog's rabies vaccine card.
I wasn't told to bring it when I made the appt.
So she calls my Vet's office.
My dog was due for her rabies shot on 10/31, my appt was 11/2.
I had her rabies shot scheduled for 11/15.
They wouldn't take her!
They just lost my business.

My dog loves this place!
Checking him in and out is always pleasant what goes on after that must be great because my dog loves going back.
They constantly send out coupons and the workers genuinely come off as pet people.
Their P.O.S system does not allow you to add a tip so bring cash for tips,

Unfortunately my dog ended up catching kennel cough from here.
Devastating to watch him go through it and it cost me $188 for the visit and meds.

Well a one star from my experience here.
This review is just for the grooming.
I've been in different petsmart branches to get my bulldog groomed in Utah.
I never had a problem with them and I was pretty happy with their service.
Got everything done and even gives my dog a little scarf after the grooming.
However, this petsmart is quite the opposite.
I dropped off my bulldog and left him there for 3 hours.
I requested for basic bath and nails clipped.
I came back to pick him up and noticed that there wasnt a little scarf, and my dog smelled the same and they didn't get to clip his nails either.
He didn't smell bad but I guess they bathed him.
They told me about my dog's head bleeding because he tripped and hit his head on the floor or something.
Obviously a lie and it was a wound on top of his head, right above his eye.
And they Reffered me to their petsmart clinic right across the registers that I would probably pay hundreds more...
I just let it slide this time since I can clean up the wound myself and patch him up.
Paid them 25$ and left...
Probably never come back, but I would like to give others my experience about this place.

I stopped in to get my spoiled little pooch some treats.
I knew he was almost out and I'd feel bad for not having any for him.
Parking is a breeze here.
Since it's located in a strip mall, I've never had any problems finding a close parking spot.
This location's size seems a little more compact than others.
I'm sure it's still filled with their same items found elsewhere.
Seeing as pets are allowed to come in with their owners, the store is clean without any urine smells.
Since I was only here for dog treats, it was right up front by their registers.
They do have a wide variety of items for dogs.
Anything from organic to baked to the regular treats.
Although they do have variety, i feel as if their prices are a bit high and wouldn't usually get treats here if I wasn't in the area.
Otherwise it is a good pet store if in need of medications or other items for your furry friend!

This review is for the doggie day camp.
I have taken my dog here a few different times for doggie day camp and I am pleased.
Check in process is always easy and the employees are always friendly.
I like that you can view the dogs in day camp through the big window and watch how your dog interacts with the other dogs.
I like that they offer a treat time for an additional fee so that the dogs get a snack while they are there.
I love picking my dog up and getting the "pawgress report" to see how he did for the day.
Employees also point out which dogs my dog interacted with and played with during the day.
My pup is always exhausted when I pick him up and usually falls asleep on the car ride home which is perfect and allows for a relaxing evening at home.

left our two boys for TWO nights and three days..when they got into the car they slept for  2 1/2 hours.
Had sooo much fun and always love going to stay at the hotel.
My Gunner howls and smiles when we take him in the door.
Thank you for peace of mind we get knowing you are here for all of us.

Had to get some little container of food for my little one.
Petsmart is a little pricey on certain items, just have to look like at target and other venues for sale on those items that you may be looking for.
milk bones are way cheaper at target especially for the mini flavor bones my kids like.
Cesar food containers a not carried at other store locations but petsmart will have all the flavors and varieties my kids like, especially one of mine can't have any potatoes, pork and rice products, so I have to be careful on what is  in her food.
If your looking for something hope you'll find it on sale.

Prices are a bit high, but the friendliness of the cashiers and staff makes it bearable.
This is one of the very few places I can get my dog his special food for his sensitive stomach.
I love how I can bring him into the store and the staff remembers him and treats him like one of their own pets.
We love this location.

