Awesome class, never lasted more than 2 weeks in martial art class before but cifu mark makes everything super interesting :).
As a girl working late night bar industry, having some self defense skills definitely is a plus, I love wing chun because even though I am a small girl I can still use this against grown men in real life.
They do free trial class too so check it out, if your ever interested in any kung foo, wing chun really is one of the best!
Also they do some other self defense classes on weekends !

This is definitely one of my favorite places to be.
Training Kung Fu from Sifu Mark has been extremely positive for me and a skill that will stay with me for the rest of my life.
I have taken other martial arts on and off since I was a child but Kung Fu is the only style that I feel comfortable enough with to use to defend myself.
I strongly recommend this school for everyone for self defense or conditioning, regardless of any prior experience in martial arts.

I was a teenager during the Bruce Lee era and learned of Wing Chun through all the martial arts and Bruce Lee books I bought during that time.
Wing Chun training was not available to me while growing up nor could I find a school during my time spent in the Air Force, so I studied a little Isshinryu Karate, Kuk Sool Won (a Korean form of Chin Na), and Aikido.
But my mind was always on Wing Chun and its concept of simultaneous defense and offense.
About 7 or 8 years ago I found and visited a Wing Chun school in the Chandler/Tempe area called Meng's Martial Arts which was a Wing Chun school.
My work and family schedule didn't allow me to attend so I put the idea of attending that school on the back burner.
Now, 8 years later I decided to get involved with Wing Chun, especially since my son is 16.
I thought it would be a great way to have a father/son activity.
My internet search lead me to Sifu Mark Jones and the Hung Fa Yi Wing Chun school.
To my surprise, Sifu Mark's school (or kwoon) is the successor to the school I visited 8 years ago!
So my son and I have been training for 3 months now and we love it.
Hung Fa Yi Wing Chun is based on science and what we learn is very practical.
The moves are not flowery, they are short, sweet and to the point.
If you are looking for high flying spinning kicks, I've been there, done that...not practical and you won't find it here.
If you want to train with flashy 9-section chain whips, gyrate your body and wear fancy silk outfits, this isn't the place for you.
However, if you are looking for an efficient, useful, empty-hand combat system, you should consider this Hung Fa Yi Wing Chun school.
One more thing, Wing Chun is not Wing Chun, meaning all lineages of Wing Chun are not the same.
Find out for yourself...attend the school and come with an open mind.
There's much to learn!

