I love this studio!
Great teachers!

I normally workout with pole dancing classes but I know the importance of variety so I took a Pilates class at Inferno with Gabby.
I found my new passion.
Gabby took the time to explain the proper positioning and when to breath, and was super patient with all my questions.
I didn't feel out of place even though I was new to this form of fitness.
I am really looking forward to my next class with Gabby.

You will never get a better workout!
Inferno Hot Pilates is the BEST in town!
Gaby is an amazing instructor.
She motivates you, and pushes you, and make you believe you can finish the workout.
I'm sore after every class (a good sore).
I've never been one to enjoy working out but I absolutely LOVE pilates and LOVE taking classes with Gaby!
I can not recommend this studio enough!

If you want to change your body and get into amazing shape, Gabby will teach you how!!!
She is an amazing teacher and her classes and instruction have changed my body.
The music and energy also make you want to be there its the kind of class you are sorry you missed!

Love, Love, Love my Hot Pilates, Zumba and TRX classes at Inferno Hot Pilates!
Best work out I have ever gotten by far!
Love the environment and LOVE Gabby!
She always keeps me coming back for more!

Okay, I admit I was dragged there the first class- I'm not a 'take a class" person, but I had to try Pilates at least once to say I did it,...!
AMAZING!
I seriously love this- it's the perfect balance of calming and kicking ass.
Gabby rocks, but I'm sure her teachers are great and as dedicated as she is.
Try a class, a drop in is dirt cheap ($10 - $20~!
)- all kinds of classes at all times of the day-

I am really enjoying the Hot Pilates, Zumba and now TRX, great workouts,  I LOVE Gabbi and her energy and caring about each and every client that comes in.
She make everyone feel welcome.
Gabbi pushes you to get the body and results that you want.
I don't like to exersice, Gabbi makes all her classes fun, so I really like going to her studio.
Inferno Pilates offers so much more that workouts.
Give it and try and you will see what I mean.

Love this place!
Gabby is an awesome teacher.
This class is great for all level of experience.
I bought the living social deal and will keep going.
Anyone who wants to do a fun workout needs to try this.
Thank goodness for hot pilates!!!
The only thing I would change is that I would love to have a 730 class on Saturday or Sunday.
But other than that, I love it!

I was tempted by my gf to try this studio & I am lovin it every time I go.
Cute little studio & good teacher!

I am now in love with Inferno Pilates!
Gabby is amazing!!!
Trust me people!!
No other words to describe to make you all wanna try & attend her class!

Great workout with GREAT results!
I bought a Groupon and have been hooked ever since.
Gabby is dedicated to providing her students a workout that gives results.
People of all different levels can participate in her classes.
She is awesome at providing modifications to make it harder if you are more advanced or adapting it if you are just beginning.
There are many class times to choose from.
If you are looking for a workout where you will see the results try Inferno Hot Pilates.
It won't disappoint!

My fingers will do the typing but it is my abs, my legs and my arms that will do the talking.
Ms Gabriella Walters, an  athletic goddess has opened a studio where   her innate talent guides you through various types of body changing exercises.
The  transformation doesn't come easy but when you have someone like "Gabby" who truly cares, it will happen..
I love the heat, I love the comraderie but most of all I love the results.

I've been coming here for just over two weeks now and I am seriously addicted.
I know I always say this but this time, I think I really really mean it: This is my FAVORITE workout studio in town.
I got the Living Social 1 month unlimited since it's so close to my house and later found out that it's owned by one of my favorite former instructors.
I've tried both the TRX and hot pilates classes as well as the stretching class.
I love all three of them and I cannot wait to start trying the new classes that start this month!!!
I've taken hot yoga (which I didn't like because I'm not a huge yoga fan) and a hot pilates class (that was basically a hot yoga class with five minutes of mat pilates mixed in) at other studios and they were okay but not what I was looking for.
I've done a lot of mat pilates and wanted something like that with the heated room.
Gabi provided exactly what I was looking for, a real hot pilates class.
All of the instructors and really nice and helpful with modifications and such.
The energy is great.
It's a bit more low-key than some of the other studios that are predominantly Summerlin women dressed in Lululemon from head to toe.
The other students are very diverse and almost everyone is pretty friendly so the class atmosphere is great.
I've never had a bad class here and I always feel great afterwards.
If you're taking a TRX class, sign up for everything as soon as you can since classes fill up SUPER fast.
I pretty much book my entire week as soon as I get my work schedule so that I don't miss out.
I've spent the year testing out new studios before deciding on where to get a membership and I've already talked to Gabi about options!
That's saying a lot since I've tried out about five really great studios this year and this one is the best.

I have only taken Gabby's TRX classes and they are AWESOME.
I plan to try a hot pilates and piloxing in the near future.
This is a great studio with several affordable packages that can fit anyone's needs.

The energy and camaraderie make this studio the best place to kick your own butt and enjoy doing it.
This is better than PT at rehabbing my shoulder and back after surgery.
I am getting stronger and feel younger everyday.
I love Gabby's energy and encouragement.
Just do it!!

I LOVE hot pilates!
I always leave feeling like I got the best workout.
Gabi is so sweet, but she knows how to push you to achieve the results you want.
I always look forward to coming back!
Thanks.
Gabi for whipping me into shape!

Love love love love this studio!!
Gabi is one of the best instructors in Las Vegas!!
I've tried Bikram, Boot Camps...nothing compares to the workout that you get from Hot Pilates.
Try it once and you'll be hooked!!
I love that they keep classes small and personal.
All of the instructors are very encouraging and classes are challenging but fun.
They keep adding more classes like Kettlebell, Piloxing, TRX, Bikini Bottom...I just wish there were more hours in the day that I could take them all.
The energy at the studio is amazing and with the motivation from Gabi and the rest of the instructors, it's hard not to want to achieve goals.
The studio is very clean and well taken care of.
I definitely recommend this studio.
It's like my second home and I'm definitely seeing results in such a little time...which I love!!!
:) Great staff and place, I can't say enough great things about this studio.

Still love it!!!
I am now a full member after using up my Living Social deal!
Every single instructor is great and challenging.
Unlike some of the other workout studios in town, I can do multiple classes in a day!
The kettlebell class is a lot of fun and a great arm workout.
I absolutely love the bikini bottom class since it works a lot of different areas and not just the butt.
The piloxing class was a little too intense for me but it was an awesome workout and is great for anyone looking for intense cardio.
If I could, I would be here every single day.

I LOVE Inferno!
Hot pilates is my favorite class, but they are all great hardcore workouts.
Gabi is an awesome instructor who's energy keeps you going when you think you have nothing left.
I started with the groupon deal and am now a full member.
Everyone I have brought to Inferno has become addicted too.
After years of spending way too much on personal trainers and other gym memberships, I have finally found the absolute best workout and studio in town!

WOW!
This studio ROCKS it!!
The instructor, Gabby, is encouraging and pushes you.
For a hot Pilates place and high level sweat, the place does not smell like sweat.
The TRX classes are fun and make the cheeks of your bum come alive.
As Gabby would put it, " Hello Glutes"   I'll keep coming back.

I love inferno!
Gabi is the best!
Super intense and motivating workout!
I love all the new classes too :)

I LOVE LOVE LOVE hot pilates!
Normally I hate working out but gabby's classes are amazing.
She pushes you and never lets you not finish the workout.
Since I started going I've noticed a change in my body and my energy level.
Inferno Pilates is the best in town!

I left my first class wondering who seriously would put themselves through this hot pilates stuff on a regular basis...months later my day is not the same if my mornings don't start at Inferno!
Gabi has this magical quality that in a room full of all different fitness levels each one of us is encouraged to find our challenge as if we were the only one in the class!
It doesn't get any easier and I really can't describe it as fun, but if you want serious results Gabi can help you make it happen!

A few months back my friends and I purchased a Groupon for Inferno Hot Pilates.
During that time we tried most of the classes, TRX being our favorite.
Once my Groupon expired I stopped for a week and missed it so much, on the next pay period, I ran and got a membership.
I have the membership in which you can do 13 classes a month.
You can spread the classes out however you would like.
I use 3 most weeks and 4 the other week.
Gabi is such a motivating and dedicated instructor.
Even if you think the class is so hard and you cannot keep going anymore, her positive spirit lifts you to try harder.
I love Hot Pilates, TRX, Kettlebells, and Powersculpt.
Now that I am a member, I cannot wait to try the other classes.
For proven results, my husband was away for about a month on deployment.
When he came back and hugged me, he raved on how much smaller my waist felt!!
My stomach is much flatter, I am so much stronger, and am seeing muscles I never knew I had!
I owe it all to Inferno Hot Pilates.
This is by far the best workout I have ever got and love it more and more each time I go.
If you want results, you need to join; you will not regret it!

Gabi is so motivational!
I feel good every time I leave class!!

I have been going to inferno Pilates for a little over a month now, 2-3 times a week, and let me tell you.
Their classes are amazing.
I used to go to the gym & do cardio & weights and wasn't seeing much results so some of my girlfriends, who have amazing bodies (waitresses at the day club pools) suggested I try the classes.
They swore by them & once I started adding them to my gym routine, inches & pounds have been dropping.
I also have NEVER had a butt & it's growing.
It's crazy.
It's hard at first getting used to the heat, but you go at your own pace.
Make sure you bring water & stay hydrated.
Hope to see you there!

If you're feeling blah about your self, go to this place and you're feel 30 times better about yourself after you leave.
Gabi is an awesome instructor.
Very motivational, and always challenges you.
I attend her hot Pilates class about 4-5 times a week.
Yes I am that addicted.
I first found out about this place through coupon.
$49 for 20 classes.
What a deal!
I will be purchasing The $69 a month unlimited class deal after my groupon is done.
Another plus is that it's 2 mins from my house!

The energy at the studio is amazing.
Gabi has the same amazing energy herself which clearly rubs off on the other teachers & members.
The classes are fun and you will see results of both your mind & body by participating in classes.

The absolute best workout I have ever tried!
I am not someone who loves going to the gym, and working out has always been more of a chore than anything else, but that has all changed because I actually look forward to Hot Pilates.
I have never done pilates prior to this but it is pretty easy to figure out.
I have tried hot yoga and this is a million times better: no smell, no carpet, mostly women and some awesome men.
I love the instructor and feel like a new person after the workout.
Don't be intimidated if you are not in great shape- check it out and then go again (first time I was really sore but it goes away after your second class).

Started with a great deal on Groupon & all of the reviews were great!!
After few weeks & a lot of classes, I noticed a huge difference, body & mind!!
I was NEVER a work out routine person, I use to go to the gym but it was a pain in the butt, I was missing the guidance, and was pretty much doing same stuff with no results!!
After I lost the weight, I needed to get my shape on, I can say now that I enjoy going to Inferno, it's part of my daily routine.
I go 4/5 times a week and Gabi has inspired me a lot.
She takes the time to explain and show you how to do it right.
Each instructors have the motivation you will need to finish each class and come back again!!
They are there to help you improve yourself, no matter what you think you can achieve!!
Once your mind is set to show up & do your best, there is no room for failure!!
Try it, it's so worth it...

The most amazing studio/gym that I have ever gone to!Gooo to it!!
Dont waste any time!
Gabby, the owner and head instructor, is extremely informative and passionate.
Ever single class i learn a bit more, my form is better and i sweat more.
It never gets easier and i love it!
Never a dull moment and all the instructors keep me on my toes, literally!
I go almost everyday, and Ive never been addiction to anything like I am to Inferno!
Lisa, Katie, Premier, etc.. Im just so impressed by their expertise, commitment, and energy.
The additional heat with the body weight resistant, low impact, and high cardio moves gives you a killer workout in one hour that would take you hours to get at the gym.
Always ending with encouraging and positive meditation...for 6 months this class, studio, instructors has been the REASON for a huge amazing transformation in all aspects of my life!So thankful for them!
Thank you Gabby!!

These hot pilates classes are the BEST workouts I have ever had.
After only two classes, my abs were already toning.
Gabi and her staff are so nice, their workouts are always being changed up so my body isn't complacent, the studio is clean, and there are classes all day every day.
I leave feeling amazing!

Well - let's be honest...this place is AMAZING!!!
I LOVE it!
I am a bit of a lazy  a** and I do not go enough, but when I do go, I feel amazing afterwards...during...well that is a hard class.
Gabi,  which is the the owner and one of the instructors is so so so nice.
Everyone is nice and friendly there though.
I went to other place before Gabi's and...well...I  kind of like to feel like a belong in a place and feel welcomed...Gabi and the people here makes me feel that way.
Plus...what you pay for your membership...is all you pay.
No tips.
No guilt trip.,.
but no relaxing in Pilates class ..they kicked my ass one time before  a trip to Cancun..my stomach looked  great for the pictures  - I did go like 6 days a week almost for a month for that to happen...I guess the only way to see results is being consistent and attend classes...once you there you will sweat:)

Probably the number one thing I'll miss most since I've moved from Vegas.
I used to go to Vegas Hot!
but after a chance Groupon opportunity, I've never looked back.
All I look for from classes is intensity and outcome -- Inferno has that, and more!
I've taken only the Hot Pilates classes with a variety of instructors -- all of them are great, but I enjoy Gabi's classes the most.
I don't go to classes for instructors to give me an ego boost every set, I just want someone to really kick my butt and tell me to give that extra 10%.
Compared to VH!, there is very minimal stretch time (like 3-5 minutes vs. 10 minutes) because it's jam packed with an ACTUAL workout.
You can always stay to stretch afterwards.
I definitely felt cheated out of my time at VH!
after finding out what you really should be doing in an hour.
It's hard, there is no avoiding that.
But for change to come, it has to burn.
VH!
never gave me the same satisfying, jello-y, oh my god I don't think i can drive home feeling that Inferno does.
I thought I was in shape for the first class - wrong.
I died and was scared to come back, but you really do get stronger.
As a former high school athlete, it felt like I was back in in-season practice again.
Sadly, it was located 30 minutes away from me (still made the drive 3x/week) and I am not sure if there are any other dedicated HP studios like this elsewhere.

BEST HOT PILATES EVER!!!
I purchased the 1month unlimited for $49.00 and it was the best purchase I've made.
Everything about this place rocks!
The classes are great, I tried them all.
The instructors are amazing and will push you throughout the workout!
I honestly saw results within the first month.
I'm so proud of myself.
Better body, mind and soul....

This place is awesome!
I'm in love with their TRX classes!
I wish my schedule allowed me to try more classes!
The only problem I have is the cost is a bit high, but it won't keep me away!
Highly recommended!

This place have 5 stars for a reason people!!!
I have been going here for two years and absolutely love it!!!
Such a positive atmosphere and great people...not to mention the amazing work out!!!
This place is not smelly like other hot studios and there are body's of all shapes and sizes and athletic levels.
It works for everyone.
PS Gabby (the owner) REALLY CARES!
Love everything about this place!
Especially how it changes my body:)

I don't even know where to begin...I have never been into "working out" but something about this place makes it addicting!
I absolutely love this studio, the owner, instructors and atmosphere.
I can't say enough good things about IHP.
I know if you try it one time you'll be addicted too!
To: David B.
(who gave this studio one star) You, as a business owner, franchisee or whatever it is you are, should know how great it feels for your company to get a 5 star rating.
Instead of being rude and obviously jealous of other people success perhaps you should work on your own business instead of hating on others.
I have read your profile and it clearly states that people should read your reviews because you  "eat out way too often.." I'd say that hardly qualifies you to make such a bold statement of asking that this listing be removed from YELP.
Perhaps you should stick to what you know best which is clearly eating, food and restaurants.
This studio is no joke and these reviews are as true as can be made by everyday people such as myself who appreciate what this studio has to offer.
YOU David B. are the joke!

This place is absolutely amazing.
Gabby and the other instructors are all wonderful, helpful, and very motivating.
They care about your health and fitness not just your money.
Im not a big workout person but this studio and the instructors push me and make me excited to workout.
Very clean and always full of happy people.
If your looking for a great inspiring workout this is where you should be going.

I was gifted a groupon for this studio since I'm a huge Pilates fan.
So far I've tried multiple hot Pilates classes & a TRX class.
Every instructor I've been with has kicked my ass & I'm always sore the following day (this is a good thing).
Gabriella & Kaitlyn have the best workout music taste in my opinion.
Their playlists really get me in the mood!
Clean studio, effective high intensity workouts & motivating instructors.. What more can you ask for?

I was very nervous to try fitness classes because I always feel like I'm going to fall behind or not be able to handle it.
They made me feel so welcome here.
It was definitely a workout but every instructor makes sure you're doing the exercise properly!
I love that!
The place is very clean & very fun!

If you haven't gone to a class here yet, do yourself a favor and get your butt down there and you'll have a crazy good workout!
Gabi, Katie, Premyer, and Bernice are all awesome, along with all the other staff.
Every class kicks my wife and my butt in a good way.
You won't be sorry.
The price isn't expensive, and you get personal instruction within a group setting.
It's incredible.
Go sign up, it's worth every penny!

First time here today as a beginner.
Friendly staff, clean facility and great location.
I was greeted by a friendly staff, Reagan.
Clean facility.
I was worried that it may be a little stinky.
NOT at all.
Loved Kati, talk about empowering you to push thru.
Spoke with Jason there, very helpful.

What a fun effective way to work out!
They know how to mix up a workout for better results and the heat helps too.
Highly recommend.

I've been a member here for almost two years now and I don't ever intend on stopping.
I had an annual membership at Vegas Hot and can't even compare the two.
The instructors, facility, and members are just so much nicer here!
I'm a regular at the 6am class with Berenice and can't think of a better way to start my day.
I've had at least a half dozen different instructors here and they all kick your booty.
This place is addicting; I promise!

I'm addicted.
I was hooked since the first class and just became a member.
Love their classes.

I purchased a groupon for 10 visits to the studio.
Each and every experience I have had here has been nothing short of wonderful.
Having never been to a hot Pilates class I had very little expectations.
Upon my arrival I signed in and the instructor (Lisa) happened to be sitting up front and was very friendly and helpful with what to expect and such.
I have since gone back for another visit and had the pleasure of taking Gabi's class.
Her music was awesome, her directions while leading the class was encouraging (and ass kicking) and her cool down at the end was fabulous.
The words spoken during the "recovery period" of yoga and Pilates classes re important to me.
If you fill that space with garbage it leaves a sour note in my mind of my experience there.
After Gabi's class though I felt like I could do anything.
She prodded you to think, "what if?
"    So all in all a butt kicking workout and leaving there feeling I can do it all?!?!
Who wouldn't want more of that?
I'm excited to return again!!

This studio is great!
Clean, great staff and a variety of classes!
One of the best studios I've been to!
I highly recommend

Great place for workout Inferno hot Pilates studio is very clean.
People who work there very respectful and have a great energy.
I love going in there for my body and my mindAlso,they have different types of classes so u want get board

OMG!!!
I have never sweat this much, even when I was cycling through Memphis in summer!
This will now be a regular part of my weekly workout.
If you are looking to step up your workout, dig deep and fight your own demons for an hour.....
This is your place.
Prices are very reasonable and pennies compared to the amount of calories burned and toxins released.

