Great plsace for St pattys day!!
Staff  (Male & Female ) Friendly & attentive on very busy day.
Lots of Tvs for sports.
Beer very cold

The place is cool, the food is good, and the girls are pretty, but my only draw back is there is only one poorly lit pool table!!!!
One thing I have to say is it feels like a strip club, but without the nudity.
The girls are very nice and talk with you until you get the food, then they kind of hang out at the next table until they order, neglecting the previous table.
Sometimes it takes a while to get refills or whatever else you want after your meal has arrived.

While visiting Phoenix for the week, the wife and I stumbled upon the Tilted Kilt in search for some wings.
The first impression was that this radiated a casual, come as you are, stay for a drink or close with the staff depending on how you wanna drink kind of environment.
The staff of mainly scantily clad women were attentive to our needs and brought refills (most important) of alcoholic beverages in a timely manner.
I had ordered the wings (surprisingly good) which were filling.
They give you 1 pound.
The garlic fries were the shocker though, perfectly seasoned, prepared and amount good for 2.
I almost finished them without touching the wings.
Great ambiance, good service and good time to be had if you go solo or in a group.
I'll definitely be back if I come back to Phoenix!

Went there last night for the first time since the Grand Opening in February while meeting an old college friend (Arizona State, Go Devils!).
Outside looks great.
Plenty of parking spaces with bright lighting all around, easy access from SR-51 and Paradise Valley Mall.
Spaces inside is huge, small fountain fireplace on the outside patio on the west side of the property.
Lots of TV's in and around the bar area, plenty of seating places.
The only down side is that there's only one pool table, which was on the corner area of the bar, not impressed with that since the lighting was low.
Didn't order any food, the beer selections were great.
Always ask the waitress on what's good since they have beer of the month choices.
Beer came out fast from the tap and the glasses were always cold, making the beer taste much much better.
Will definitely come back again to enjoy the great view.

Nice remodel of an already nice space.
This Bonnie Bar is a true Celtic Cantina, hopefully there are no banshees haunting this welcome pub.
This is just what you expect it be- a kitschy, chain-style style restaurant and bar with an Irish/Scottish flair for fun... Are you going to get fantastic food?
Incomparable service?
Well, no... but in this area in particular that is deluged with national and local corporate cookie cutter establishments, this is a welcome addition, if only because this building is so cool (and okay, they have Kilt Girls).

Girls:  Not the place to meet your mate.
Most waitresses had huge, exposed boobs.
A hiring criteria?
Waiters duds was fine.
Interesting?
Fish and chips were way too hard.

My husband and I had a blast here.
I had 2 Black & Blue's (Guiness & Blue Moon).
Fabulous.
Honestly I don't remember what I ate after 2 of those, but my husband swears I enjoyed it.
We were there during the Olympics, so they had every TV tuned to a different event.
My sports mad hubs was in heaven.
Our server, Courtney, was friendly and on top of the drinks and checked on us often.
It was great.
We will be returning!

I love this TK.
I used to work there until I transferred to the California location.
The atmosphere is great and all the ladies there are fun, bubbly and err...hot.
It's okay for kids, kind of.
I wouldn't call it a family place, it's definitely more of a get hammered place.
But overall, good people good times and a good place to go for some food!
Try the gaelic chicken with mashed potatoes!
It's the best :)

one of the better sports bars to watch football at.
Their food is pretty good, great amount of TV's too.

Don't bother.
The three draft beers our group tried were tasteless, even after we specified we prefer hoppy brews.
The Irish Stew, a signature dish, had the consistency of chili, rather than having recognizable chunks of meat and vegetables, and was overly salty.
Decor is passably pub-like.

Awesome food at the Tilted Kilt.
Yes, the waitresses have the little outfits, but they do a great job too.
Plenty of tvs to watch the games and unlike other sports bars, this place turns the audio on.

The food is pretty good but the service was bad.
We had to wait for a hostess to show up, were served warm beer, had to wait a long time to get a cold one.
After we got our food, even after asking for silverware we had to go get silverware/napkins and ketchup from another table.
I get it's a T & A place, but it has to have good service too.

This place is great.
and the food is excellent , whats even better is that i can walk there from my house..........Love it Thx.
Kilt

The little girls and their skimpy outfits were a little creepy but the service, pub atmosphere and food was really good.
One of our party was visiting from New York City where they are really snobbish about their food and she wanted to go back the next day for the cuisine so that says a lot.

Bad food, snotty bartender.
I put up with it from hot chicks in high school, but I don't like to pay for it.
The one in Chandler is way better.

Went here with my parents, hubby and kiddo for St. Patty's day.
I had THE best corned beef sandwich I have ever had.
My Dad loved the corned beef hash, and my Mom & hubby were so pleased with the corned beef & cabbage they wish it was on the menu as a permanent item.
Kid had mac n cheese, as she is wont to do, and as always had the best time chatting with our servers about whatever was on her mind.

Wow, this was shocking.
Walked in at 930 , no hostess...several of the waitresses saw us walk in (party of 7).
We decided to seat ourselves.
Sat in patio and waited 10 minutes, decided to get our own menus.
When getting the menus they said someone was coming out.....nope.
Waited another 15.
Went in and saw all the waitresses stuffing their face w chicken wings, it was disgusting.
Asked if anyone was going to come out and serve us.
The two waitresses gnawing on chicken bones began arguing about who was going to wait on us.
It was pathetic.....asked speak to the manager who was equally pathetic.
THe guy offered to take care of us, to which i respond ...take care of ur service...ur missing the point dum dum!
Won't be going back and will spread the word to every single person in the valley to not go to this establishment.
There was reason it was completely dead on a Saturday night

So I considered myself a regular here.
A group of us would come the same day every week on a regular basis...then we stopped...the service is horrible!
We enter and seat ourselves at the bar area, three servers walk by and haven't even said anything to us.
After waiting 10 minutes we stepped over to the bar and ordered our drinks.
A server finally stopped by and was surprised to see us sitting at our table.
She asked when we came in an we told her about 6 passes by and 15 minutes ago.
We ordered chips and salsa which took another 15 minutes.
One of the servers literally just rotated from guy to guy around the bar.
At one point I thought she was stoned based on her appearance and complete ignorance to any patrons around her.
She served no one except for possibly the beyond hammered guy at the end of the bar.
I want to really like this place as I have been to other locations but this one makes it tough.
I am giving it a two only because drinks are reasonably priced...that's about it!
I thought that with their boss being on undercover boss might help but sorely it has not taken effect at this location.
This location might need some staff turnover.

This was my first visit to this brand and I hate to say, I was not very impressed.
I went here with my wife for lunch as we had struck out at 2 other eateries and she remembered the Tilted Kilt from undercover boss.
The staff was very friendly and did a great job at first.
Sadly it went down hill from there.
My wife's soda was forgotten about, our food was delivered to the wrong table and I did not get the dipping sauce for the O rings.
While these mistakes were corrected quickly, they should not have happened.
Our server asked if my wife didn't like her sandwich which we tried to explain was delivered to the wrong table and she didn't want to believe us.
Only after talking to those at the table did she grab the lunch delivered to them, go into the kitchen and then return acknowledging that it had been taken to the wrong place.
As far as the food, it was OK.
The hot wings were anything but hot, the hamburger did not have a significant amount of flavor and the coleslaw was mediocre.
The best part  of the meal was the beer.
We'll be back, but I doubt it will be our go to place for a burger and beer.

Was meeting a friend of mine and he was hungry.
This was the only place that was open at the time and still served food.
He got the wings and loved them, i got the stew and it was pretty good.
He had a few beers and I had a Macallan on the rocks.
It was a chill late dinner.
Oh, and the scenery was definitely a plus!

At Tilted Kilt where they aren't ready AT ALL for opening day kickoff!!!
REALLY???
Didn't "officially' open until 10 which is kickoff.
Didn't even know what games would be on the individual TVs!!!
PATHETIC!!

Absolutely horrible service.
It took 20 min for a waitress to take our drink order 15 min later we had to go to the bar to get our drink.
The waitress has yet to clean off the previous customers food off the table or even ask for our order in food!
To top it off its not even busy.
This is our second time here the first was just as bad.
I can say this will be our last time.

Dropped by for a beer, here.
The place emptied out after some game finished.
There were a few folks left for the girls to hang ot with  Beer here tastes like any other joint.

Went with family and friends to watch the Mayweather Canelo fight.
They were really flexible with combining and moving tables to accommodate us.
There are TV's anywhere so there's not really a 'bad' seat in the house.
They will change any TV to whatever channel you like.
Food was great.
We ordered wings and burgers and someone even ordered ice cream and everyone loved their food.
Service was exceptional.
Our server, Shaunte had a section completely filled with families and still managed to get to everyone and get our orders in and she didn't take even a full ten minutes to get our food out to us from the time we ordered it.
We were always topped off and never left to ask "where's our waitress" which is rare in that busy of an environment.

Went in with two of my guy friends on Saturday and they wanted to watch football.
This place was packed and the atmosphere was really fun.
The food was exceptional; much better than I expected.
Our server, I think her name was Amanda, was amazing.
She was totally attentive to us and was really engaging.
We ordered the Tilted Kilt wings and they were some of the best wings I've ever had.
We ended up staying for dinner and my friend had a Black-n-Blu cheeseburger that was enormous and cooked to perfection and he could barely finish it.
My other friend had the fish-n-chips and they were fantastic.
I tried the southwest chicken salad and it was a little spicy, but I really enjoyed it  We continued drinking the cold beers and we met the manager Brian who was really friendly.
He made us feel very welcomed and we will definitely be going back.
I would personally recommend this to any of my friends as a place to meet up and spend a fun day.

I've reviewed the location on Bell Road, and have been to this one as well.
Nice place to have a bite to eat and watch a game on the multitude of tv screens.
Due to the scantily clad female servers, not a place to bring kids, and I wouldn't choose it as a date location (although my wife is not offended going here).
The food is good, but not great.
They used to have steamers, which were excellent, but they've dropped them from the menu.
Their pastrami sandwich was very good, but needed to have about twice to thrice the amount of meat.
The Irish stew was very good.
Their selection of draft beer makes this a good place to quench your thirst.

For a chain restaurant it was fine.
As most know, the girls wear close to nothing.
The girls this night were thin so it didn't bother us.
We just came in for a few drinks.
It wasn't busy by any means, but the drinks weren't too speedy to make it to the table.
No big deal since we weren't in a hurry.

Where to begin?
Hmm.
Went here with a large group of friends to watch the ASU vs. UofA game for the territorial cup.
We were there for about 4 hours total, and for the first hour and 15 minutes we got to speak to our waitress exactly once.
She took our initial drink order, delivered some beverages and then disappeared like a magician's assistant.
When we managed to draw her attention after that obscenely long period of time to order food it took over half an hour to get anything.
This included an order of chips and salsa - something which is prepared by putting chips in a basket and pouring salsa into a bowl.
When the food was delivered, it came out unaccompanied by the cocktails we had ordered.
When we remarked on this, we were told the bar had run out of glasses and we would get our drinks as soon as they were cleaned.
Our drinks were eventually delivered a while later and we managed to enjoy the game for a little while.
During the game we had a few different waitresses come up to us to deliver a bowl of soup we hadn't ordered, a beer we hadn't ordered, three orders of chips and salsa we hadn't ordered (presumably to make up for the fact that the first order had taken almost 40 minutes to get to our table), and two rum and cokes we didn't order.
Upon learning that these cocktails weren't ours, the waitress who brought them decided to leave them sitting on the hostess stand which was near our table.
A little bit later, one of my friends decided to order 4 "Belfast Booms" which is the Tilted Kilt's version of an Irish Car Bomb.
These were delivered as follows - the waitress first brought out 4 shots of Bailey's Irish Cream with no whiskey mixed in.
The shots came out in two glass shot glasses, one plastic disposable shot glass, and one cocktail glass with an inch of Irish cream sitting in the bottom.
She then said she would be right back.
We assumed she was going back to get the glasses of Guinness the shots are supposed to be mixed with but apparently she didn't know that's how the drink is served because she didn't come back for about 15 minutes with the beers.
The beer glasses (per the description on the menu) were supposed to have a half pint of Guinness to drop the shots in.
They actually came out with quite a bit less - a level low enough that dropping the shot glasses into the beer would have left the level of beer below the top of the shot glass.
What was even more amusingly odd was the one drink served with the plastic shot glass - as an experiment we dropped the shot into the Guinness in and confirmed what we thought would happen - the plastic shot glass did not fall into the beer, it floated on top of the foam head.
By the end of the evening, we got to the point where we were just amused by the utter incompetence and complete indifference we saw in every aspect of the service we received.
I personally was confused by the fact that our waitress did not seem at all interested in serving a table that had close to 20 customers - why would you not try to give good service to such a large group that would (presumably) be the source of a large tip?
My portion of the bill was over $40, so if you do the math, she was risking 15-20% of a roughly $700-$800+ bill.
My confusion was alleviated when we received our bills and found that while we were being billed individually, the restaurant treated the bills as if they were for a single large bill and automatically added the gratuity (18%) to the total.
It's really a shame because the food was pretty good, but not good enough to entice me to ever return there again.

Went here because the sunday paper had a free appetizer..
I can see why it is free.
Typical type of bar.
Food is Meh, drinks are...drinks.
and the girls are scantily clad.
If you like mainstream places like this go for it.
Not my cup of tea..

Over priced,  Over hyped restaurant.
.. nothing to write home about.
Stick with Twin peaks.

Food is overpriced and service is crappy.
Servers are like 20 year olds dressed up in go go dancer outfits.Kind of like an Irish Hooters.
At least at Hooters they have better service.
Not really a comfortable place for girls.

My buddy Paul and I enjoyed an excellent lunch there one mid week day and had the nicest waitress anyone could ask for.
Great food & service!!

Went with my dad and brother.
We all really liked the girls' costumes.
We were pleasantly surprised to see that it's just like a miniature Hooters.

Me and my family loved getting wasted here.
Everything was so good and we had so much fun watching a basketball game.
Try the Guinness, the beer they are known for.

Okay, like most of the reviews here mine will be similar.
The food is okay, The beer is very good, the waitresses are great to fantasize over.
Other then that I would not go here, especially with a family.
They have wireless but it is worthless.

Great place to watch sports, the food and service is excellent.

If you want to look at girls in kilts/miniskirts that look like they're still in high school prancing around it's great in addition to a large volume of TVs... food is decent prices are decent nothing much stands out at the tilted kilt

