The spa here is just OK.
I've been to some great spas, my favorite is at my friend's time share in Cabo.
Anyway, I've "spaed" at some other LV casinos and this is just middle of the road.
First, I enjoyed the "lounge" which is not quiet, with people walking in and out.
It should be a sanctuary!
They give complimentary juice and water and some fruit.
The cold pool was weird!
It was a circle and had no steps down except to sit between the metal bars and slide down.
I am a plus size girl and my fat ass wouldn't fit between and therefore, I spent a few moments being spied by skinny Asian girls flapping around like a fish!
I went to put my robe on, and GUESS what?
It's a size small.
WTF????
Shouldn't you ASK your guests what size they are, like with the shoes?
My friend kindly went and asked for a larger robe and problem was solved.
I love love loved the steam room, which really helped my lungs after a night of cigarette smoke in the casino and smoking hookah!
They gave you these awesome little iced towels for your face and since it was 112 in Vegas that day, it was great.
My facial was  standard European, but of course, they up-sold me and it ended up being $165 with a a collegen mask - which I have to say made my face look AWESOME for several days after - so refreshed.
What I didn't like was my spa room was off the employee break room??!!
It seemed like it was a storage room - with gift wrap and other miscellaneous things in it.
Not quiet or relaxing - where is the soothing music???
The bed was uncomfortable.
My facialist "Flower" was good, but seemed hurried and had a very firm touch, which became annoying during the exfoliation scrub.
She was a chatty Kathy too!
She was telling me about photofacials to help my skin, which was appreciated.
I asked about products, but she really couldn't recommend any to me??
The facial was over exactly in 55 minutes and I was ushered out back to the spa.
It wasn't really worth the money.
I've had other facials with micro derm that were more relaxing and only $125!

Overpriced.
Like everything else in Las Vegas.
Mediocre.
Because I know better.
I only came to this spa because we were staying at this hotel, and it was convenient.
The Monte Carlo spa is a little too bright to be relaxing.
I did enjoy the cold pool, the spa, and the sauna though.
I don't think the steam room was hot enough.
They give you juice and fruit to snack on while you are waiting for your treatment.
Although, I've never been to a spa that didn't.
I forgot the name of my masseuse.
He was nice, but a bit too chatty.
I would have preferred not to listen to his life story of how his family disowned him and whatnot and how he doesn't intend on having any more children after his first one.
And here I thought massages were supposed to be relaxing.
I guess I listened to be nice.
$120 for a Swedish massage.
I bought two of them; the other was for my boyfriend (a present to him).
So a total of $280 (plus tip) for this experience.
I don't know why I didn't Yelp this beforehand.
Ugh.
Oh yea, they didn't have a couples room, so we had our treatments in separate rooms, and the facilities were separate too.
Bummer.

I would never go to this spa again.
Very overpriced.
Next to no ambience.
It feels like a woman's locker room at the gym not a luxurious relaxing spa environment.
No refreshing extras like hot tea, coffee, citrus flavored waters - they do however have a plastic bucket of ice with little Monte Carlo bottles of water and canned juices.
A woman was talking at the top of her lungs on her cell phone throughout the locker room and not a single person working there asked her to take it outside.
The facial I got was decent nothing spectacular - the environment wasn't relaxing no scented oils, candles, or relaxing music.
Really wished I hadn't spent that kind of money.
Try somewhere else.

DISCLAIMER: I have never been to a spa before in my life.
Never get pampered or anything so I didn't know what to expect.
I got the extreme facial and the more than skin deep massage back to back.
You check in 30 minutes before your appointment.
They ask your sandal size, hand you sandals and a key for your locker where you get your robe.
Told the woman this is my first spa experience ever and she gave me a little tour!
There was water, fruit and juice set up for you while you wait.
First lady I met was Jane for the extreme facial.
EXTREME FACIAL: 50 minutes.
$115 Jane asked me when my last facial was.
Told her "never?
" And she seemed surprised.
Sorry if I'm almost 30 and have never been pampered!
I guess it's about time!
She tells me to undress and hop under the covers.
She put hot towels over my face.
Then did a skin analysis.
Mine was definitely less than stellar...lots of nasty build up since I never exfoliate or do facials.
She asks "what do you do at home for your face?
" Answer "I wash it in the morning and at night.
Sometimes I use cleanser, most of the time I don't.
" I felt a little like I was in the dentist office...these super bright lights came on during the facial analysis and then during what she called "EXTRACTION.
"  Extraction: the painful squeezing out of black/white heads from your face.
Lady Jane did this all by hand.
I tried not to cry.
It was definitely a unique experience.
Was glad when it was over.
Bright ass lights go out then comes the fun part...
Some kind of relaxing wipes and weird brush thing that vibrates that moves all over your face.
It was like a sonic toothbrush for the face.
Then relaxing facial massage with some cream.
Then brushing on of the vitamin mask.
While the mask seeps in, she massaged my arms/hands/feet/legs/chest.
That was the best part!
When she said it was over I couldn't believe it!
It went by so fast!
I liked it.
Great experience.
Thank you Jane!
MORE THAN SKIN DEEP MASSAGE: 80 minutes.
$170 Heather was my masseuse.
She was very informative about what I had gotten myself into!
She was very nice and gave me a warm up with a swedish massage and hot towels.
Then went into the deep tissue.
You'd think she was a psychic or something because she could tell which way I lean, how I get all the tension, etc.
etc.
Even showed me her trick for treating migraines: roll up a towel, soak it, squeeze out the water, microwave it, then put it behind your neck while you're sitting in a high back chair.
Aside from the intense deep tissue parts of it, it was heaven for me.
Thank you Heather!
I hope that all my future massages will be with someone who can read my body the way she did.
Other amenities include cool pool, jacuzzi, sauna, steam room, shower, and bathroom had all the amenities you'd need like razors, mouthwash, lotions, soaps, hair stuff, etc.
I feel absolutely relaxed.
Thoroughly pampered.
Very happy :) Can't believe what I've been missing all my life!

I've never been to a spa before and while I admit the Bellagio's looked grander, this one was rather nice.
The ambiance is simple, but the showers are completely enclosed with the large shower heads that have adjustable pressure.
They provide an assortment of hair care products for your convenience.
I had a stone massage with Cesar.
Best money spent!
I can't recommend seeing Cesar enough.
He applied the perfect amount of pressure to my back and shoulders and stretched out my legs and arms.
I quickly discovered I had large knots in my chest I never knew about that he worked out.
I felt so incredibly relaxed and would happily spend that money again for a massage by Cesar.

I will not return to this spa as they threw off my lower back during a massage.
As far as the facial I did enjoy and would recommend.

I was expecting an outstanding spa experience in Vegas, only to be left feeling disappointed with the services.
i expected to pay a little more for the service than at home, but the spa was just dirty.
There was hair clogging all the sinks and shower drains, the robes were raggedy.
I couldn't believe the conditions of the slippers and robes.
The drinks consisted of water with apple slices and they had oranges and apples for snacks for the women, but my husband said he didn't have the fruit on his side.
One of my services was a 25 min facial.
Nothing specials, no extractions, just massage and cream.
The only other services that were part of the spa was a steam room, a whirlpool and a cool water pool.
Very disappointed with the whole scene especially since it is the only thing I look forward to doing when coming to Vegas.
I think I would be the extra money and try a spa at another hotel on the strip.

For the price, it is A-OK.
I usually go to Vegas once a year and try out a new spa on the Strip and for anyone who has been to a Vegas spa you know that  generally it is a destination filled with amazing themes, calming sounds and relaxing little rooms.
However, this time with our schedule I had little time on my hands and just decided to kill a couple hours in the Monte Carlos spa (where I was staying).
For my $20 resort fee I am required to pay daily I found that I do not actually get free entry into the spa - just the gym.
OK.
So for and additional $10 you can enter the spa and use the facilities.
A small price, but really annoyed me since we are required to pay the resort fee.
Anyways - enough with the whining - on with the review.
The facilities are really small compared to other spas on the strip.
They have the standard fare - hot tub, cold tub, dry sauna, steam room and locker room/dressing rooms, however be prepared for a very tiny area.
The hot tub can only seat 10 (I am used to the big spas that have like 50 person ones).
The cold pool is literally for a dip (says it seats 4, but I doubt if 2 ppl could get in there at once).
The sauna and steam room actually are pretty good size and were sizzling the day I was there - almost too hot to take!
The rest of the place is OK.
It is clean and quiet.
Heck, I didn't see another person there my whole 2 hours!
Here are my major complaints: 1)  there are no chaise lounges anywhere, there are just chairs - who wants to lounge in a chair?
2) There are no popular magazines, there are like industry mags (like info on how to run a spa).
3) If there was juice and fruit, I wasn't offered it nor did I see it anywhere!
I found the water in the sitting room.
4) They didn't have a swim suit drier - which even the most basic gym has!
I guess my point is, it isn't a place that makes you want to stay.
You get in and you get out.
To burn a couple hours for $10, this place was OK, but it is not a destination spa.
It is a place to kill time.

I am very particular about my hair.
I had a really great hairstylist in Paris, France, for several years -- someone whom I could trust.
Next, in Manhattan, it was difficult to find someone comparable -- I  found competent but not great.
In Las Vegas, however, I was lucky: I found Jonathan at the Monte Carlo Spa and Salon.
I could tell just by the way he looked at my hair, how he parted it and examined it, that he was a top professional.
The fact that he told me to uncross my legs for the cut, for example, bespeaks a high level of professionalism, since only the pros make these and similar demands to ensure perfection.
He also fixed the color, which was too blond and flat.
He took me back to something very natural and exactly what my face, skin and eyes needed.
He listened to me, gave his opinion, and together we subtly updated my look.
I always get compliments from friends and family after I leave the salon.
No else is going to touch my hair in this town, ever.

After the salon at New York New York canceled my appointment for a style on my wedding day the salon at Monte Carlo was able to fit me in on short notice.
I cannot remember my stylist's name (Jerry?
Jonathan?
I'm terrible with names) but he did an amazing job!
I walked out with a beautiful vintage wave and curls and I felt beautiful for my special day.
I felt lucky that my first appointment got canceled because I really loved my hair.
With tip I ended up paying $95.

Small spa compared to others on the trip, probably a bit pricey for Monte Carlo but my experience was amazing.
Had a massage by Cesar, he did a great job working on my back and PHENOMINAL cranial massage!

Nice and relaxing just as it should be.

I had a deep tissue massage, which was incredibly painful around my neck and absolutely not deep on my back.
I brought that up, but that didn't change the strength.
The Spa, similar to the rest of the hotel, is aging and would benefit renovation.
18% gratuity was added without checking with me :/

Had my nails done for my wedding.
VERY overpriced and quality not the greatest either.
Just went because we were staying at the Monte Carlo.
Would not go back.

I was nervous to try this spa because we stayed at the Monte Carlo and the hotel really needs an upgrade.
My room was gross.
But any way the spa was very nice.
I was pleasantly surprised.
Staff was very friendly.
Clean facilities.
Has everything you need.
The showers are nice private rooms.
I got a signature facial and it felt amazing.
Im 8 months preg and it took a while for me to get comfortable laying down but the therapist was very helpful offering extra pillows and moving the bed around for me.
It ended up a very needed relaxing experience.
I wouldn't stay at this hotel again but I would def recommend the spa

What a pleasant surprise.
I was not expecting a top notch spa!
Massage was GREAT thanks Andrew!
If you don't want to pay for a service you can always pay 10 bucks to use the gym and you can use the spa!
Once you pay for a service or the gym you can come back until closing.
So relaxing I didn't want to leave!

