As good as fast food gets.
People were nice.

Never got to try the food because nobody made eye contact or tried to take my order, REALLY???
for fast food, MAJOR FAIL!!

Clean and good service.

I have gave this particular Wendy's location multiple opportunities and they have yet to get one order correct.
I even wrote corporate and never received a response.
If you order grilled chicken it will be breaded.
If you order unsweet iced tea it will be sweet.
I actually considered ordering the wrong thing to see if I can get what I really want... Getting your preferred condiments is absolutely beyond this group of folks.
It is really too bad this location is very near our home but we will not be back.
I will say the location is always clean.

It's freaking Wendy's already, what do you expect?
Decent for fast food, Micky D's would get zero stars.

If I could give this place less than 1 star I would!
The drive thru service here is totally ignorant.
All they have to do is read the screen and put the right food in the bag, in my case put the right amount of food.
I've been here 3 times and every single time they have forgotten something.
This is my first review and last from this place.
Go down the road and get your orders right!!!
This management here is ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE.

I couldn't believe it -- I had breakfast at this location not long ago and it was great ( as far as fast food is concerned) however last Friday after helping our Son move all day long we went to this Wendy's for a late dinner -- Like 8:30P -- We had a couple burgers and fries.
A couple of the new Ciabatta Bacon Cheeseburgers== The bread on the Ciabatta was so stale the top of the bun cracked when touched-- The meat patties on the burgers were luke warm and basically tasteless-- I found out why-- the kids working the place had pre-cooked a whole stack of patties on the grill and were using those to make the sandwiches-- BLAH-- One f the push button soda machines was putting our nothing but carbonated water-- We told them== they replied that they knew it and instructed us to use the other machine--( no sign -- no apology)- We don't know if it was the young group running the place or was I close to closing ??
What we do know is it will be a long time before we return-- Shameful

While in Sedona, AZ, we stopped at Wendys and two of us ordered the Ciabatta Bacon Cheeseburger; it was awesome.
Soooo, 6 days later while close to home I decided to stop at the local Wendys, ordered the same Ciabatta Bacon Cheesburger to split between 2 people.
I was highly disappointed.
Didn't look or taste like the first one -- half the size and no taste.
I will probably go as far as to stop to talk to the manager sometime in the near future.

