Do you have a dog that you love like your child?
I do and that's why I take my Shih-Tzu to Rick at Barks and Bubbles every six weeks to get his hair done...I mean, groomed!
Rick used to work for another grooming company, but, just like when you find a good hair stylist, I followed Rick when he started his own shop.
And, what a great little shop it is.
Not only is it in my neighborhood, but it's clean and the staff is super-friendly.
Rick knows my dog, Marley, so well after at least two years of grooming him that I know Marley will always look spiffy when he's done with his appointment, sporting a new bandanna every time I pick him up.
If your canine needs a cut, this is the place for you!

Great service such nice caring guys, great with my dog .
Love the thank you card , will keep coming back

Very friendly people who truly care about your pet.
A bath, brush and trim for a medium dog is $37 which is reasonable for the area but exceptional for the customer service they put on top of that... they even send a follow up thank you note.
I'm so happy we found this place, it's a gem!

I brought my dog to vegas and boarded her at a doggy daycare nearby and decided to get her cleaned here before she came home.
I was so lucky to find this place.
Its not located right next to the strip but its only about 10 mins away from our hotel.
I took my border collie here and she came back cleaner than I could ever make her.
I also loved the haircut.
The owner is super sweet which you can tell through the phone.
Will be coming back!

We tried this place because it's in our neighborhood and it had good reviews on Yelp.
We certainly found out why the reviews are good!
Phillip was our groomer.
He really took the time to find out exactly what we wanted our pup's cut to look like.
Our dog is a little skittish around new people, but he took to Philip pretty quickly.
They are very reasonable.
They charge by dog size.
We have a Pomeranian and it was $39 for a full service.
(shampoo, conditioner, cut, nail grinding, anal glands expressed).
They were also pretty quick.
We are used to waiting 3-4 hours for the grooming and they were done in 1 1/2 hours.
Philip checked in with us before we paid to make sure the cut was all right and offered to do any touch ups we wanted.
Cooper looks so cute!!!
We will be using this place from now on!
(Don't be nervous that they don't have a website...they just aren't that tech savvy.

The friendly folks who work here are super nice and took very good care of my dog!
The price, as well as the customer service is superb and I will be coming back monthly for Bailey's grooming needs.
They also paint nails, which is a huge plus in my book!
I recommend this place to anyone with dogs!

Did a wonderful job on both our dogs!
The cuts were perfect, coats shiny, friendly staff, and done in a timely fashion.
They are the best service we have found yet.

I recently relocated to this area and found this place by chance when I needed some gas.
My shi tzu was in serious need of a haircut and a serious grooming, her hair was a hot mess.
I honestly didn't think that she would come home looking as stellar as she did.
Her coat was so soft and shiny, and her teddy bear cut around her face was perfect.
Great customer service, and a local business I will continue to support.

If you want a great cut, friendly service, and a happy pet -- see Sean!
I met him when he worked at Puppy Enterprise and followed him to his new location Barks and Bubbles.
When I pick up my two dogs, a silky terrier and a toy poodle mix they always look terrific and are happy!

I have 3 dogs and took them all to Barks n bubbles, had a great experience from the moment i got helped out of my car, to picking the kids up.
Friendly place, great cuts and baths.
would go back in a heart beat.
loved the place.
Only place where my kids haven't gone crazy trying to get out of.

I took my friends dog here a few times while I was dog sitting and absolutely LOVED the service.
They did a great job at a great price.
Now that I have a pooch of my own I will definitely be taking her there!

Got my pup in 10 mins after I called to check for appointments.
:) The receptionist was ok, wasn't greeted right away but it may be cause I'm short and couldn't been seen over their counter.
But the owner Rick and groomer Francesca (sorry, I think that's her name) was very nice, welcoming and did an amazing job!!
I will be back in a few weeks.

First I'm sorry the one yelper had a bad experience.
I find it shocking since Rick has taken care of my Thaisun forever.
We have followed him to different spots.
We are so proud and excited he has his own spot.
He is so carrying and has always been great about any haircut changes.
He is a apart of our family.
He carries my now old man to the car so how could he not be.

Charles is AWESOME!
My Chihuahua's Louie & Chloe LOVE it here & they LOVE Charles!
(and they hate going ANYWHERE!
) Thanks for being so amazing!

The first time I took my dog to get groomed here, I had no problems whatsoever with the service or with the result.
Normally, that would be a four star review for me.
But what really impressed be about this company is that I received in the mail a thank you card a few days after my pet service.
It showed that they actually gave a damn about the dogs and really wanted to try to create repeat business.
I will definitely be going back here more often!

