We recently got married here inside Mandalay Bay at the House of Blues (at the Crossroads Restaurant).
It was a unique venue that allowed us to personalize our wedding and add extra details that made it unique and special to us and our guests.
There is a stage on one end of the space and a bar on the other.
We performed a few songs on the stage and our guests enjoyed the open bar, southern-style food and groovy atmosphere.
The wedding coordinator for the HOB, Amber, was a dream to work with.
She and she staff were very professional and they helped make our Big Day stress-free.
Our guests said it was one of the most unforgettable weddings that they have ever been to and we have Amber and the HOB staff to thank for that.

Very disappointed.
This was the first time sitting at the Crossroads of House of Blues.
The waitress ignored us.
We were there 30 minutes without water  or our order being taken.
You hate to complain or speak to a manager because you fear spit in your food but we had enough.
The waitress was very, very casual and there was so spark in her to get us taken care of which was frustrating.
The kids menu was awesome.
What I didn't like is they automatically charged us a Service Charge (tip) for 3 adults and 3 kids - they didn't tell us when we checked in and to be honest the waitress didn't deserve that much of a tip.
Very frustrating when you are bringing out of town guests and have a bad experience.

I've visited a couple of versions of this restaurant, specifically the locations in Anaheim and Orlando.
While I was generally pleased, this incarnation of Crossroads at the House of Blues was worlds better than the others.
First off, I loved the ambiance--the muted lighting, the overhanging tree with rustic metal lanterns, etc.
Second, the food was fresh and well-crafted.
My husband and I ordered the street tacos and the lobster macaroni and cheese to share.
The street tacos came with perfectly cooked carne asada, fresh tomatillo salsa, pico de gallo, and cotija cheese.
The lobster mac was served in an iron skillet--it was delightfully cheesy, topped with well-seasoned bread crumbs, and dotted with sweet pieces of lobster.
The attention to detail, the flavor profiles--all worked together to create a wonderfully satisfying meal.
It also wasn't horribly busy on a Saturday afternoon, which was definitely a pleasant surprise.

We came here last year for my husband's birthday.
It was House of Blue then.
The food was good and we loved the HUGE chicken wings!
Not over fried and dry!
We just went back last weekend.
Menu has changed.
The gumbo and the house salad were very good.
But very disappointed with the TINY chicken wings.
They were over fried and DRY!

All I've eaten are the meatball sliders, so this can't be a really full review.
But they are delicious and I've eaten here about 5 times in the last two weeks.
The service is great, seems like everyone here has a pretty good attitude, casual, but still on top of things.
Also, on Friday nights, Rock And Roll Karaoke is not to be missed.
It's a great time, karaoke with a live band!
And the band is super good!
But they are also gracious enough to help out with people who, um, struggle a bit with musical matters like pitch, rhythm and lyrics.
And it's all done in the spirit of good-natured fun.
I would have given 5 stars, except I wasn't sure if it would be fair given that I've only had one time on the menu!
(I'm one of THOSE people)

This place has gone waaaaaaaaaay down.
Like WAY down!
It used to be my go-to breakfast spot when staying at Mandalay!
heck - I used to even walk over from the Luxor to get their eggs-b!
Not any more!!
I ate in the bar area of Crossroads one morning recently and the best I can say for the joint is that their service was on par.
The food is where it all went wrong...I ordered a breakfast burrito of sorts and the eggs were straight up COLD.
I asked if it was pre-made and kept in a warmer and the waiter did not deny it.
I won't go on and on...let me just say I'm no longer a fan.
Take a cue from me and head over to Red, White & Blue instead!

The food is OK, but service is terrible.
Our server didn't know the menu, 2. we had to wait 20 minutes for a soup that was precooked???
Never brought to go box.
Wouldn't come back.

Four of us again - great atmosphere; when you are there make sure you find their mission statement and sign up.
If you don't - go home and stay there.
House of Blues!
Live music has a variety of meanings.
My definition is one that includes songs I can sing too and this gentleman met the bill.
It wasn't spectacular, it was just enough to take your mind off the day and sing along.
Our waitress was so much fun we almost forgot to order ... almost!
No automatic gimme-mes to start the meal, but the drink order was filled quickly and I really like their definiation of a "shot" of Don Julio!
Basic burger was made to order, fries were great and the Rosemary Chicken dinner was really good!
Nice size portions too.
Sharing a meal was graciously accommodated.
Flatiron steak with a peppercorn sauce where one could actually taste the blending of spices.
Could've used a litte more salt, but that's a very opinionated opinion.
We had a birthday thing going on, so dessert was required.
Key Lime Pie - and I mean true hand-made, not frozen key lime pie.
I was looking for the key lime tree!
Truly best we've ever had.
The Boston Cream "pie" came in a very close second.
In part because I have never seen a stacked pie.
I've seen "stacked" (if you know me, you know what I mean)...l. but not in a pie!
And the flavor was a blending of creamy, tart, etc.
Very delicious.
The final dessert was a basic chocolate cake.
Huge, but basic.
All in all - worth the money, a great time and we will go again.

Cannot comment on the food, but the music and liveliness of their "Swingin' Tuesdays" is a big hit!
There is a regular crowd of lindy hop dancers who go there and it is always a treat to watch them.
On my last trip, they seemed to changed the seating around the dance area.
There used to be some high top tables/chairs where the dancers would congregate, but now they are all relegated to further away from the dance floor.
As for beverages, they are your typical prices for a casino venue.
There is usually a special on Sailor Jerry rum, as they are the sponsor for the Tuesday event.

Who would have thought that a gem would exist in the overpriced world of Mandalay Bay.
I fully expected this place to be overpriced and more on the scale of Friday's in food quality.
I was wrong, mostly.
We came here on Thursday to see a friend perform at local singer/songwriter night.
That part was awesome.
The acoustics were great, our friend Eric Alesi performed great and even the next band sounded great.
As for the food, their jalepeno corn bread is excellent, not too spicy but with enough kick to keep you drinking :)  Their drinks come in a souvenier mug but are not outrageously priced.
The Peach drink was excellent.
We had the fried chicken which was well prepared and came with a thigh, drumstick, wing and breast with side of bacon mashed potatoes and coleslaw.
The coleslaw was the way I like it with very little if any liquid.
We also had the ahi salad.
The salad tasted great and we loved the dressing.
Only 4 pieces of Ahi though.
A little disappointing for $16.99.
What keeps this place from the 5th star?
Despite the taste, the prices exceed the quality or quantity.
Also the service was just adequate.
The place wasn't that crowded but at time we went 10 - 15 minutes without seeing our waiter.
He did keep our drinks refreshed and my daughter was happy to get both fries and fruit with her sliders.

I have ALWAYS been a fan of House of Blues food.
Ever since my days at Disney.
This was a hidden treasure that people would pass by and not even give a chance but I am telling you that their food is so good.
We got a great deal through Restaurant.com so we were able to try a lot of stuff.
It's Vegas baby!
One thing you should know about Restaurant.com coupons is that it may look like a great deal but you need to spend a certain amount to use the coupon.
Our particular coupon was $4 for $50 but you have to spend $100.
Not really a great deal when you think about it.
Back to the yummy food.
The drinks are so yummy.
All of their signature drinks come in either a House of Blues souvenir glass or a souvenir mason jar.
I have both.
Buyer beware though, I think they are super expensive.
They don't list the prices on the menu and I actually have never thought to look but they are somewhere in the range of $20-$30.
Don't quote me on it but def.
watch out for that.
Everything is spicy here!
Even their Jalapeno Maple bread.
It's delicious but spicy!
We ordered so many things.
The cesar salad with steak, side of mac and cheese with bacon, bacon wrapped meatloaf and the key lime pie.
All delicious!
Seriously, you can't wrong with their food.
Especially as a quick snack or lunch.
It's just a fun place to hang out when you've lost all your money.
The music is so fun and the staff is so great.
Especially Star.
She was so nice.
It's just a great place with a fun atmosphere.

Good breakfast, fast and courteous service.
There are a variety of selections and the coffee is very good.

It was alright.
I had a gift card which made it free though, so that was nice.
For appetizers we had some shrimp on cornbread thing and some chicken wings.
Shrimp was okay, it tasted like shrimp.
I don't remember exactly how much but it seemed like the shrimp plate was way overpriced for the amount of food.
The chicken wings were really tasty...but then again, it's chicken wings and you can find good chicken wings anywhere.
They put the chicken wings on top of some cole slaw.
The cole slaw was warm because of the wings which made it pretty unappetizing.
We each had some steaks.
I had the NY Strip and my friend had the Rib Eye.
It was good.
Tasted like steak.
Table next to us had some plate that looked like they breaded and fried an entire chicken.
It was pretty huge.
I was impressed.
Anyways, I got what I payed for (at LV Strip casino rates) which leads to this 3 star review.
I don't exactly hang out at the Mandalay Bay anyways, but I doubt I'll be back to Crossroads.
Meh.

One of the worst HOB I have been to.
My wife and I went here on a weekday and it wasn't too crowded.
Decent looking place.
My waitress was nice, but she reminded me of the gal that was on Seinfeld, a low talker.
I could barely hear anything she was saying.
I hoped I didn't misunderstand anything she said and ended up with a meal I didn't order.
I ordered a shrimp po' boy.
The shrimp was just okay, no spiceyness to it, but the bread it travelled in was bad.
It literally fell apart when I tried to pick it up.
For the price, not even remotely worth it.
My wife ordered a salad.
It was lettuce with a small chunk of blue cheese on the top and dressing on the side.
For nine bucks.
And though this is no fault of HOB, my wife didn't like the lettuce offered and she asked for another kind.
They did not offer anything else.
Very disappointing meal.
Lots of waitresses and waiters standing around.
It seems like this place is going on it's rock and roll reputation.
We will not be back, at least not this location.

I should have read some of the yelp reviews before falling into this place.
Maybe I'm watching too many of those reality restaurant and bar rescue shows, but a semi cold breakfast told me the kitchen was sub par.
To encounter bad food in Las Vegas is the death nil given all the good restaurants around.
Had an expensive and I mean expensive plate of eggs benedict and it came out cold, which means it was pre-cooked and sat there.
I was lucky not to get sick!
Even fail safe hash browns were warm and tasted slightly sour.
I don't know how it's like for dinner but don't come here for breakfast!

Food is terrible, ambiance New Orleans decor, but not quite the right feel, service terrible, didnt have silverware for our appetizers, food took 25 min,  Strip prices, not really worth all the inconviniences.

Antoinette at the House of Blues restaurant provided super excellent service for my mother, dining along.
She made her feel welcome, comfortable and enhanced her experience greatly.
My mother enjoyed her food, her champagne and the atmosphere.
Thanks sooooooo much, Antoinette.
Because of you, I will send all my family and friends to this location when we are in Vegas.
The world needs more people like you.
Cheers!!!!

Ok, I went to Vegas for my 30th Birthday, which was this past weekend, February 7th thru the 10th.
Everyday my cousin and myself ate someplace different.
However,  The House of Blues, was by far the best.
I mean everything was so delicious.
Some places you eat at, only a few items are good.
Heck, no, not here, everything.
We order the tacos for a appetizer, OMFG, I swear it was orgasmic in my mouth.
I honestly almost cancelled my order to order more tacos.
Lol.my main course was Aaron's Bolognese Pasta, simply delicious.
My cousin order a rack of ribs and the garlic mash and beans and coleslaw.
Omg, once again, perfection.
&& let's not talk about our waitress Susie Q.
She was not only great with her customer service but genuinely a great help on recommending items on the menu telling us about different places to get drinks.
Overall my experience at the Crossroads at The House of Blues was great.

It's an over-priced noisy chain restaurant - not at all uncommon in Las Vegas.
THE GOOD:  - Lots of seating - Live music for those who like that sort of thing with dinner - A decent menu (not too much, but enough variety to please all palettes)  THE BAD:  - The food is so-so...the steak in my steak salad was poor quality, my wife's burger and fries were average, yet the pickles that came with her sandwich were very tasty, as were the appetizers  - The prices were too high for what you got.
This is a problem in all of Las Vegas really, but if you're going to over-pay, you should get something memorable in exchange.
There was absolutely nothing memorable about this place.
- Our server (Mike was his name I think?
) was sort of a d-bag.
He lost all credibility when he told us that 3 dishes were "money," before rattling off half a dozen more that were also "money" or amazing.
If you're going to tell me half the menu is amazing, you might as well keep your mouth shut.
He also acted very put out when we asked him to split up the check.
Summing up, this isn't a must-see place.
It's not bad at all (it's just fine, actually), but you can do better.

This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.
When I first saw the menu and the prices, I thought $16.99 for a sandwich was crazy expensive Las Vegas food and it was going to be overrated, but boy was I mistaken - my pulled pork sandwich was huge (about the size of my face) and it was absolutely phenomenal.
It is now #2 best BBQ on my list (with #1 being Ocean City, MD's "Bull on the Beach").
The service was great and our waiter was courteous and was even open to questions about the HOB venue itself.
He also advertised to us that a local blues band was coming back later that evening and we could come back, no purchase necessary, to listen to some great local blues music.
The band was decent ("Nothing But The Blues" but spoiler alert...they play some songs that aren't blues) and even though we didn't have to buy anything, we still bought some drinks to pay for our entertainment.
Great restaurant/facility, highly recommend.

JP and the bartenders were awesome!
They treated me like queen!
Tyler wasn't even our waiter and he checked on us!
Please make sure they are recognized!!

Crowded and over priced for drinks.
It was meh.

Really mixed experience for breakfast.
Food was fine and coffee powerful.
Went twice, and second time kitchen was so backed up that oatmeal and yogurt took 45 minutes to arrive.
Coffee was inelegantly sloshed into coffee cups and once splashed on table mate's arm.
When manager asked how we were and we talked about the wait,  she explained that it was due to the convention in the hotel.
Of course it was -- but it wasn't a surprise convention.
I prefer to go somewhere that plans ahead.

For over a decade (like 14 yrs) we avoided this place both here in Vegas and Disneyland.
I love spicy and Cajun, but the menu never quite appealed to me before.
Hard to describe it, but too fancy?
Well, they switched it all up and I give it two thumbs up to their new menu.
Decided to try them out and we just finished our lunch.
I had to do something light: chicken cobb salad.
Delic and huge!!!
Husband went with server's suggestion of Buffalo Chicken Salad.
Double delic!
Excellent service by our waitress, Jasmine.
We have our breakfast spot picked out for tomorrow: Crossroads at House of Blues!

Been in town for 6 months and by far this was my best experience!!
Suzie Q was our server and was outstanding!
She was so informative about the menu and gave us great suggestions.
Gave us a tour and was so gracias to help out with tickets for our stay.
She defifinately went above and beyond to make our experience a great one!!!
Great asset to your company!

