Tried it a few times.
Hardly a warm welcome from the young girl up front.
Thought I'd give it another chance since I love how close it is it my home, only to find out that when they say they are open at 7am, it's a tentative 7am.
I didn't want to drive around looking for another dry cleaner so (like an idiot) I waited till 7:30 and still no one.
Needless to say, it's time for a new dry cleaner.

Yep, Dan L. said it all...your standard dry cleaner.
Fast service, but I didn't get a smile from the girl behind the counter on either visit, or come to think of it anyone working there.
At least my clothes were pressed nicely, and were back when they said they'd be ready.
I'd go back since it's on my way home and it's the closest dry cleaner to my house.

We went here because of its location close to the house and they were fine for a few months.
However, a few weeks back we got a batch of clothes back and my husband went to put on his two favorite shirts (two mornings in a row) and there was the same tear in the left elbow of each shirt.
Same place on each shirt, same size tear on each shirt, on both from the same batch of cleaning.
Each shirt was less than 6 months old.
I finally got to talk to the owner 2 weeks after I filled out their claim forms.
He insists both tears, on the same arm, with the dry cleaning tags still on, are from wear and tear (from "every time you put your elbow down" it causes weakness).
No satisfaction.
We are out two almost new dress shirts and we WILL NOT EVER BE GOING BACK TO THIS BUSINESS AGAIN.
And I am not a complainer, this is actually the first online review I have ever written.
But he lost my business when it could have been saved so easily.
He didn't seem even slightly interested in keeping my business which averaged $40/month.
Terrible customer service/relations and damaged clothes.
Be careful here.

I'm not sure what some of the other reviews are about...worried about the personality of your dry cleaning lady?
Give me a break!
This place is next to my grocery store so I thought I'd give them a shot.
Catalina is a fraction of my other place, so I naturally assumed the quality was going to be an issue.
WRONG!
Identical laundry & dry cleaning service that I've grown to expect from my other guy.
This place rocks!
I dealt with a younger girl when I dropped off, who was sweet as pie an older lady when I picked up who was personable and friendly.
Give this place a shot and ignore the loons who are looking for friends and personality at the dry cleaner.

I had gone to this dry cleaners for seven years, mostly because it is close to my home.
However, I will not be returning.
For the third time, our clothing was "lost".
As was explained to me, before I went in to pick up my husband's clothing at 5:30 p.m., one of the girls in the front had sent it home with another customer.
The clothing wasn't "ready" until 5:00 p.m.
I suggested that they look through the receipts that they had from 5:00 to 5:30 to see who might have our clothing, which included a tuxedo shirt and other white shirts that my husband needed the next morning.
I was told that they did not keep receipts, so they could not look that up.
In addition, both girls blamed each other for the mess-up.
This was the third and final time that I am going to put up with this.
The first time that our clothing was lost, it was never found.
I put in a claim and was given $5.00 whole dollars in future dry cleaning credit.
This is after I had paid $11.00 for the dry cleaning of these clothing items.
No reimbursement for the cleaning fee that I paid and no reimbursement for the value of the clothing lost.
The manager said he could not reimburse for the clothing they lost if I didn't have original sales receipts from the purchase of those items and proof that the items on the sales receipt (assuming a person kept it) were the exact items dropped off to them.
Sap that I was, I continued to go to this cleaners.
The second time, my husband's shirts were lost, including a tuxedo shirt that was needed for a concert the next evening.
We ended up having to buy another tuxedo shirt.
Four weeks later I received a phone call saying our shirts had been found.
There wasn't even a dry cleaning credit given this time for the foul up that they were responsible for.
But at least we did get this batch of clothing back, eventually.
The third time was the final straw.
Never, never, never again am I going to this cleaners.
This is the first time in my 55 years that I have ever written a complaint, online or otherwise.
If there was a way to give zero stars, that is what I would give.

Since this business is close to the house and right around the corner from our Fry's Grocery/Gas, we go here semi-regularly.
I really don't get too worked up if I don't greeted like an all-conquering hero at a place like this, that's not why I'm here;  they're always busy and, let's face it, it's a relentless and monotonous grind...more power to you.
We've only had one issue with an expensive jacket that wasn't cleaned correctly, we took it back and it was taken care of on the spot (no pun intended).
Reasonable prices, good location (although parking is kind of an issue along the west side where the Subway and a Vet's office are also; plenty of parking in the Fry's lot just to the north however), and competent work quality.
We'll keep going back until we run into a problem.

