Dr. Haymore is very kind, caring and made getting a root canal much easier with his understanding of how I was feeling.
The drugs helped a lot too!
I highly recommend Dr. Haymore and would use him again.

I was very nervous getting a root canal but Dr Haymore and his staff made me feel very comfortable.
Throughout the procedure Dr Haymore made sure that I was doing okay and explained what he did after the root canal was finished.
I would recommend.

I was really worried about going to the dentist, as I have had many bad experiences in the past with dentists who were rude, or who billed me for unnecessary procedures.
However, I was in a lot of pain, so I contacted Haymore Endontics because I needed a root canal.
They were able to get me in very quickly, and when I got there, the staff was very friendly and helpful.
My root canal was done with a minimum amount of discomfort, and there were no surprises on my bill.
If I ever need another root canal, this is where I'll go!

Originally coming from Cleveland Ohio, and only trusting Cleveland Clinic healthcare, (which is top of the top for those who don't know) I was nervous when I moved to Las Vegas to see a new Dentist.
Dr. Haymore was awesome, and actually a life saver.
I had a tooth that was in some pretty serious pain and needed a filling.
Dr. Haymore and his team were very accomodating with my busy schedule and got me in for an appointment with short notice in one day!
I was thrilled after getting the run around from other dentists.
He did a great job, made me feel assured and my tooth is now pain free and I feel great.
One of the greatest things about Dr. Haymore is that he really cares about his patients and he is known to do everything possible to save your natural tooth before the other options of extracting and dental implants.
He really looks at what is best for the patient and even asked me about what kind of filling I wanted and made sure that the color shading and everything was on spot!
If you a looking for a dentist or even just have a dental emergency this office will get you in super quick!
Also, they have great options for financing any work you need done and take a very wide range of health care plans.
So you don't have to worry about breaking the bank!
Haymore Endodontics is in my opinion one of the best offices in Southern Nevada and I would highly reccomend his office to anyone.

The best experience I've ever had getting a root canal.
I did not think that was even possible but Dr. Haymore was great.
Thanks so much

