$10 for pick up load.
No long lines at dump.
No long dirt roads to dump site.
Unloaded under shade.
Go here if in AJ!

deliver fuel here, not sure about the service

If I could give negative stars I would.
Horrible customer service, they are rude and nasty.
One person Michelle said maybe I should take my meds and then hung up on me.
They pick up trash in my neighbor hood, I am a renter, trash is provided by the homeowner who is now in foreclosure and not paying her bills.
RAD stopped my trash service and would not allow me the renter to start my own service unless I paid the past due balance of the homeowner.
They said because I used the service I should pay for it even though the service was set up in the homeowners name and delinquent by the homeowner.
Now I have weeks of trash piling up at my house and have to find someplace else to dump my trash!

Right Away Disposal offer a great service and are very friendly.
They offer great customer service and exceptional service.
If I could give them 10 stars I would.

I would definitely NOT RECOMMEND Right Away Disposal if you need roll off service.
We ordered a 30 yard container to be delivered to our home in Gold Canyon, AZ and were told the price of $325.00 would include 4 tons.
I asked if that would be about normal if we were just loading it with grass, shrubs, trimmed tree branches, and she said that should be fine.
After they picked up the container they sent us an invoice for an ADDITIONAL $448.00 (I already paid $325.00) and they said we had 12.7 tons.
We asked for the weigh ticket from the Apache Junction Landfill.
They sent me a weigh ticket with their name on the top of the ticket and said they are the landfill.
So I basically had to take their word for it that the weight was 12.7 tons.
SO... #1 they had the weight wrong or just made up that weight or #2 Don't believe her when she tells you that it shouldn't go over 4 tons with landscape trimmings!!!!!!
We did not have an excess amount of dirt or anything else in the dumpster.
I would be very cautious in using Right Away Disposal for roll off container services.

I have been in Tucson 3 months (almost) and this curb pickup service has stiffed me 4 times in pickups.
I have had enough, I am moving to another company.
I wanted this to work out, but enough is enough.
Having just moved here I needed my disposals more than "normal", but they just do not quite make it in reliability.
Nice drivers, not so good office CSR help.
I need better than this bother!
I don't like leaving my garbage in the street 4 days, neighbors count more than this treatment.

This company just does not have it together.
Frequently missing our trash and recycle pick-ups.
I have to call and ask them to please return for pick-up but that works rarely.
Usually we are stuck waiting until the following week.
The last time they failed to pick-up our recycle bin three weeks in a row (and our trash for one of those weeks).
Called several times but no luck getting someone out.
Trash service should be so easy it's something you don't even think about, Right Away Disposal makes it a nightmare.

I have used them with no complaints for the last couple years but today i get an automated message telling me my service has changed from 2 days a week pick up down to one day,I called the office and asked since they are cutting my service by 50 percent are they cutting my bill as well?
A snarky no was the answer.
This is whats wrong with our country, companies just screwing the general public because they can.

I signed up for RAD a month ago, and was told they offered two pickups a week.
WITHOUT EVEN NOTIFYING ME, they just stopped picking up on Tuesday.
After my full trashcan just sat out ignored on two occasions, I called in.
I was told they only do one pickup now, even though the cost is the same.
I'm pretty annoyed that thy charged me for 3 months of twice a week service, and didn't provide it.
I'm even more annoyed they didn't feel the need to even let me know.
If they were upfront with me on sign up, I would've been fine.
My issue is that I received half of what I paid for.
If this was the plan, why did they keep that from me when I signed up?
By the same principle, could they just stop servicing my area altogether and keep my payment since apparently their agreements mean next to nothing?
That is not an honest way to do business.
Pay two or thee dollars more and go with someone you can trust.

Be careful when you google them the time they show open at 6am.
They don't open until 6:30am.
Genius working there would not allow us to weigh in, even though scale was working and start our yard waste off loading.
He made us  pull out of the facility until 6:30 even though gates were open.
Jeremy the guys boss and crew drive garbage trucks for a living so can't expect to much.

