This place is amazing!
Who knew something so good for you could taste sooo yummy!
I am totally hooked.
The best part is that not only are the shakes outstanding but the owners, Steve and Udi, are great.

I just came here for the first time today and I loved it.
The smoothies are only $5 and the guy working recommended the black and green tea to go along with it which was only $2.
Both taste amazing.
Ill definitely come back, I'm very into meal replacement smoothies right now so this is the perfect blend of affordable and delicious.

My new favorite place for my morning shake in Scottsdale.
My 2nd time walking through the door they remembered me by name.
That is very impressive.
Great shakes, and friendly people!
A must go to place.

This place has the best people running it!
The smoothies are absolutely delicious, and the tea gives me great energy.
This is my happy place :) I love it.
Hope you get to enjoy, too!

Fresh Fruit, (real as opposed to sugar laden syrup....) and  the correct amount of healthy ingredients.
Simply the best around.
Friendly intelligent no fuss owners and staff.
Coming from a Business Professional who trains and competes in Martial Arts and travels weekly this will be a regular stop when frequenting Scottsdale.
Highly recommend.

Always very kind and helpful!
Have been coming here every day for lunch to have the Herbalife Aloe Tea and a 150 calorie Meal Replacement Smoothie.
Blueberry Muffin, Cinnamon Roll and Raspberry Cheesecake flavored smoothies are my favorite.
Salted Caramel was my least favorite that I've tried but I'm not much of a Salted Caramel type, unless it's Toffee we're talking about ;) I got a free health scan to see where I was at and what I needed to work on.
There is a scale in the building that you can check your progress on if you do not have one at home.
Love this place and the attitude of everyone that works here!
Great customer service!!

The club is wonderful: awesome smoothie; great teas and more.
The service at the location is beyond description!

Best place for a awesome protein shake the employees are super nice greet you with a smile and the service is A+.
They make there shakes out of Herbalife which is well know world wide.
And the price is great   A must go place if your looking for a great meal s protein shake before or after the gym

Steve the owner is a master of the shakes .
the team he got there is amazing and welcoming.
love the knowledge they have and the fact that they take the time to explain you about the different protein options and the best choice for you.
truly a great experience for me.
thank you

