...it's not just a gym, it's a lifestyle!
We are members because we obviously love it!
My family (husband, 4kids-ages 12 thru 24) all frequent the Zone 3/4 times a week.
Sometimes we attend class together but usually we seek out different times.
Each class has a personality and a specific tempo, it's always fun matching personalities/moods to a set class.
We genuinely look forward to our ZAP time and we will even participate in activities that take place outside the gym:  charity races, hikes, fantasy football, Monday Night Football or personal celebrations.
The members and staff support each other and strive for an enhanced experience.
Highly recommend!

I have been trying to write this review for a few months now and it is so hard to put it all into writing.
Zone has changed my life.
When I started in October, my confidence level was low, I carried an extra 39 pounds, and honestly I was skeptical.
How could this place differ from everything else I had already tried?
I signed  up for my first "Get Fit Challenge" in October and was quickly SHOWN how different this was.
First and foremost, Heather and Chase are absolutely incredible.
They take the time to cater to each and every individual.
Need a modification because of pain issues?
They will show you an alternate exercise.
Hit a plateau on the diet?
They will sit and look at your food intake and show you were you can tweak your meals.
They cheer you on and show you that you can do anything you set your mind do, you just need to TRY.
The people.
Your ZAP classmates become like family.
Like Monica said, every class is so different as far as personality and tempo.
(Shoutout to my 7 AM & 6:15 PM friends!
) The support and encouragement you get from other members also adds to the amazingness of this gym.
During a fitness challenge, you will always hear people asking others about how their weigh-in went and both encouraging and congratulating them.
In addition to you classmates, the entire ZONE staff is incredible.
Nine months ago, I would say "I can't do this" with exercises before I even tried.
Now, I try.
My confidence level has risen and I've really learned you can do ANYTHING you put your mind to with the right tools.
Best gym in the world!

I take the Zone fitness classes because I know I will get results.
With motivation and confirmation from the trainers, I am able to push myself to reach goals I had no idea I was capable of achieving.
From the moment I walk in I feel just as important as the professional athletes that train there.
No matter the time of day everyone impels me to give it my all.
Thanks to the entire Zone team I have diet guidance, much needed supplement knowledge, and am currently living a healthier, cleaner lifestyle.

I was content with my skinny-fat body until I hit my threshold of unhappiness.
I came to the realization that living a happy and fulfilling life was not just about looking great, but feeling great.
The first step to change is self awareness, and I was ready to commit and tackle this transformation with full force.
Zone Athletic Performance is my safe haven.
It is my leverage for my life transformation; where I am surrounded by others who want change just as bad.
The experienced trainers don't just encourage you, but more beautifully, inspire you.
For the first time in my life, I didn't challenge myself to satisfy a trainer; I challenged myself because I wanted to satisfy no one other than myself.
If you are looking for a true gem, a place where you will look different and feel different, look no further.
I am so passionate about this gym because for the first time in my life I have seen some crazy results.

Beware!
Management made some recent decisions without considering the impact to their members!
It really sucks when what you come to expect from your workout changes over night and their is no explanation.
This place used to feel like you belonged to a big happy supportive family!
The vibe has definitely changed, and not in a good way- so sad.

Fitness has always been my passion and I have never had more challenging workouts and rewarding results than I have since joining  Zone.
Not only have I participated in the ZoneFit  group program, but I have recently begun personal training with one of Zone's amazing athletic trainers.
I can honestly say that Zone AP is my second home!
My well-being and health has become my first priority of the day, thanks to the dedicated and very knowledgable trainers and management that represent Zone AP.
I am proud to say "I go to Zone Athletic Performance!
" I would encourage anyone at any level of fitness to come in and experience everything that Zone has to offer!

Great reviews, as expected!
I came to Zone 2.5 years ago, 188lb, 40% body fat.
Married, two kids, typical story...I started with the classes and then moved over to the one-on-one training with Adam.
I have been an athlete all my life, strength trained in high school and college.
When I came to Zone I was depress, low self esteem and feeling that my 188lbs.
was a lifetime prison sentence.
Adam immediately put me on a personalized eating plan and we began my journey of reducing my body fat and increasing my lean mass.
Both were my #1 and #2 personal goals.
So the lifting and clean eating lifestyle change had begun.
Since I started one on ones with Adam, today I can proudly say that I have lost 34 lbs.
and my body fat is now 16%, all accomplished in less than a year.
My body and mind have been completely transformed!
I'm stronger, leaner, more knowledgable and I am truly grateful that a gym like this exists!!
Adam taught me proper lifting technique to make sure that I wouldn't hurt myself AND get maximal results.
It's not a diet, it's a lifestyle change!
If you are ready to make the commitment to yourself, Zone Athletic Performance is the place to do it!!
The team at Zone are committed and dedicated to keeping up with the latest information on nutrition, strength training and conditioning.
That's why PROFESSIONAL ATHLETES train @ Zone!
The BIGGEST lesson I learned from Adam is that you don't need some guy/girl running you into the ground to get results.
Huffing, puffing and walking out spent, is not the best way to get results, but there are PLENTY of "fitness experts" that will tell you that huffing, puffing and walking out spent is the only way.
None of that at Zone!
The workouts are challenging (and yes I get my SWEAT on), but I'm a functional, happy person walking out!
AGAIN:  34lbs.
lost and 16% body fat currently without someone yelling at me to "PUSH IT"!!
Do it for yourself!
You won't regret it!
The Zone team and it's clientele are fun, encouraging and want what you want, RESULTS!!!!!
Sidenote:  Deborah Y., hmmm, (who I have never heard of, in the gym, in the two and half years I have been there), sounds like a cover for a disgruntled ex-employee who was not helping anyone but themselves, good riddance and the vibe in the gym now is PHENOMENAL......yes there have been some changes in employees, but the gym is MUCH BETTER for it.
Mopey employees that are not knowledgable about nutrition, proper lifting technique have no place in a specialized facility as this.
This gym is for people who want results!

I love this place!
I feel blessed to live so close to it and be able to work out before work.
Great trainers!
Diet plan rocks.
Very happy w/ my results.

