Consistently good fresh food.
I love their rice, chicken and corn salsa, especially.
The grandkids area always happy with a trip to Chipotle, too!
It's a favorite easy family spot.

One of the only fast food places I can go and get a vegan, wheat free meal that is YUMMY!
I have one right down the street so this is my go too when I am "STARVING" and have, "nothing in the house to eat.

We stop here and get our order to go on the way back home.
The guys are very attentive and helpful to help us 'pack' our order in separate containers so it doesn't get soggy on the hour drive home.
Only once, this past time, was the staff rude and snippy to us, and still didn't get our order correct.
Their barbacoa is amazing!
I won't let one bad experience ruin the dozen of good things we have to say about this place.
It is always clean, and am always greeted upon walking in the door.

Food is always fresh and customer service is pretty good at this new location as a rule.
Restaurant is clean and condiment area well stocked.
Solid choice.

Great food.
Awesome staff.
Enjoyable experience everytime.

Awesome

Still my favorite burrito place!
I love the steak burrito with their smoked chipotle Tabasco sauce.
They are always making sure that the customer is happy.
We were in this location last night and it was a bit slow, but nothing to complain about.
The cashier apologized and gave us a buy one get one card.
I will continue to go to places that care about the customer so much.

Always delicious food.
Great service and always clean.
They also give uniformed police 50% off.
Great place.
Glad to know people still like the police.

I had a lot of hit and misses at this location but since it was the one closest to my house, I go here every so often ( not as often since the one time they gave me raw chicken )  The stars are base on the raw chicken and the service because let's face it, this is a chain restaurant so basically it should taste the same everywhere just different people making it and different attitudes.
My sister and I love Chipotle and and we went through our phase of wanting/eating it everyday.
One hot afternoon we came in to get our usual the chicken bowl and when we went to eat it, the chicken just feels off.
Then I looked down and to my surprise the chicken still had blood on it.
We contemplated on telling someone because we don't really like complaining about our food.
But we ended up doing it and the response we got was off.
The guy who looked like a manager or something said that he will replace this 'on the house' and that our meal 'will be free' which makes no sense because we already paid for them ???
Then the girl who was working was really defensive and went to tell us she don't think it was raw and that she took the temperature and everything.
She didn't get to look at the bowls before he threw them away in the trash but is she trying to imply that we were lying?
He obviously saw and apologize so what's her deal?
Anyways after we got our new replacement bowls, we barely ate it because the thought of raw chicken just freaks me out and ruined my appetite.
It's been a few months since the incident and I would not go back to this location if I had a choice but it's extremely close to my house.
That last few times I've been here, the employees do skimp on ingredients and when you ask for more, I feel like I get attitude.
Even when theres no line, I feel rushed.
I like extra pico and lettuce ... What can I say but they just dump it on and push you forward.
Like it's a sin to ask for more lettuce.
Anyways I still love chipotle just not this location.

