I am totally torn with this place.
I love the idea.
I mean who can't an american ice cream dinner.
Give me some stars and stripes and then I am totally on board!
But in all serious-ness.
I want to love it.
But it might take a couple more visits.
The interior is exactly what i wanted and expected.
Big booths.
Tiled floors.
They also have ipads floating about for you to play with.
It's great!
So they have a massive ice cream counter, pick any flavour, they make you a lovely thick milkshake with it.
I played it safe and went with strawberry and it was lovely.
They also do sundaes, coffees, pick n mix....... and coke floats!!
Yes.
COKE FLOATS!!!
I know where I am headed when I am having one of those childish days!!
So I didn't go up and order, but apparently service was meh.
Oh, and be prepared for lots of screaming kids who have had too much sugar.
Seriously.... when will people learn?

This place is great!!
Absolute sugar paradise.
Love the fact you can get your favourite choc mashed up into a milkshake.
Cool place to hang around in.
They have massive TVs, ipads......

Can't believe I've just found this place!!
I love good ice cream (which has to be gluten free!
) and this place definitely has it in abundance!!
Based on an American diner theme with fab booths to sit and enjoy one of their fabulous sundaes, smoothies, milkshakes or simply ice cream!
There's big tv's n even iPads to use while gorging on ice cream!
This was my first visit and I opted for Belgian chocolate (old fav of mine) and banana ice cream... Well I'm now a convert the banana was Amazing!!
So fresh with little pieces of frozen banana through it yummmm!
The prices are good also with two generous scoops for £2.50 I was in ice cream heaven!!
A great but dangerous (for the hips!
) find!

ice cream shops bring out my inner child!
the sight of loads of flavours of ice cream and rainbow sprinkles and milkshakes and warm cookies to be sat under a scoop of ice just make me smile :)  so i was especially pleased when i saw this shop had opened a few years ago just in time for the edinburgh fringe.
the boyfriend and i made a few visits to treat my sweet tooth and pretend that a scottish summer was warm enough to walk around eating ice cream and sitting outside for.
i made a visit this past sunday night when my sweet tooth was crying out for dessert and the sunshine was making me want something cold and sugary.
i double checked the opening hours (which are awesome becaus they are open til 10pm!!
) and off we went.
i had a scoop of chocolate fudge brownie topped with rainbow sprinkles, it was heaven :)  my first ice cream of the season!
and one scoop is more then enough as it's a massive scoop that i sort of feel is like two instead of one.....  just writing this review is already making me look forward to my next visit!
this is definitely a great place with a decent sized shop to sit in but also the portability of ice cream cups or cones to take away.
you can get milkshakes with all sort of combinations and also cakes or warm cookies topped with ice cream.
there seems to be about a dozen flavours so there should be something for everyone.
and it's cheap!
£1.70 for a scoop of ice cream and a topping.

50's style diner serving ice cream and milkshakes.
Lots of ice cream and toppings available but just didn't wow me like Affogato.
Open later than Affogato at the weekend, hence ended up here on a Sunday evening.
I suspect there is more artificial stuff in the ice cream here than in some of the other places popping up in Edinburgh.
It appears bought in and as for asking about special dietary requirements - good luck.
The brunette server (I think was really embarrased by her blonde colleague after I asked the blonde about this), did make the effort to try and check the tubs of what I was asking about.
The two ice creams I had were nice, but just nice and a week on, I am struggling to remember what I had.
It was ok, but I can't actually see myself going back here.
Great concept, service meh.

