Pretty happy to see a place that serves Boba in the mall.
Decided to try the Avocado Boba and found it very good.
I know it sounds wierd, an Avocado smoothie thing??
But just give it a try.
Also had the Pork Siopao (steamed bun with pork inside).
I don't think anything is made fresh there but It still was suprisingly very good.

Never thought we'd find a place like this out here... but the name called me.
LOL!
And I ended up getting a Coconut Taro boba drink.
And I was shocked at how good it was!
Being a million degrees outside, I wanted a Big Glup size.
Ha... but the large will do.
Their boba was super soft and just the perfect amount of sweet.
YUM-O!

Got the coconut taro boba here and was very disappointed.
Coming from California where there is a boba shop on every corner, I may be a little biased but seriously for the price of a 16oz drink ($4+) this was a joke.
Watery "milk tea" with a couple of scoops of powder, gooey day-old boba, finished off with floating dried coconut bits.
Ugh I had three sips and trashed it.
If I come back it will be for the coffee or regular iced teas.

Interesting location but GREAT when you don't feel like giving your money to a corporate giant like Starbucks.
The honeydew boba tea was delicious (but the boba was a little bigger than I'm used to) also my friend and I went and sat at a table later in the day for at least an hour and we didn't get kicked out for loitering or whatever so that's a plus!!

It's great to see a Filipino place in Arizona!
I would never have imagined!
Well, I mean, before my mother joined the nursing staff at a local hospital, I didn't know there were other Filipinos in suburban Phoenix.
Anyways...
I really dig this lil place.
I've only had one boba drink - a taro blended drink that was super-sweet - and it wasn't anything to write home about.
That said, it's still pretty good for not being California.
But boba isn't what I really like about the place.
Pinoy's Best has a really nice staff, a great selection of Goldilocks Filipino foods (like siopao!
), and I even found polvoron there!
It was a couple bucks for a warm siopao and you can get frozen siopao to take home for even less per unit.
They even have longanisa.
When I'm hanging out at my parents', it's always on my mind to drop by and grab a little treat to take home.
The service can be a little hit-or-miss, but everybody is really nice despite it sometimes being slow.
It is pretty popular; I've always seen a bunch of people in the place at once.
The ownership is super nice and it seems like a lot of people like to stop in, say hello, and express their gratitude.
I like that.
I look forward to every visit and I can't wait to come back.

I am on a mission to find amazing boba in the West Valley!
I stopped in here the other day while at the mall and ordered a mango boba.
The boba was okay, kind of on the hard side with meh flavor.
In a pinch, this place will do but I won't be going out of my way to get boba here anytime soon.

The only tip I think I should give is that this place is inside the mall.
I'm not from the area and so it took me a bit to find this place, but I found it.
As for the mocha I got, it was pretty decent.
It did not stand out as anything special, but it was not bad either.
The price was about the same as most other places, too.
This is not really a coffee shop to sit down in, but rather it is more of a to go place while you do your shopping in the mall.
Overall, it's alright.

Mmmmmmmmmmm.
Good coffee.
Not much to choose from in the cold box where the sweets Should be.
Grabbed a cassava cake to go.
It was pretty good too.
There is alot to choose from on the coffee menu though.
Not too many spots to sit and enjoy.
This shop is located hidden in the corner of the mall on lower level next to Macy's.
If you are looking for a quick fix make sure you stop here.

One of my favorite coffee shops in Arizona.
Everything here is amazing .
Every time I'm inside arrowhead I have to stop by and grab me something sweet .

Great flavors, very friendly staff.
I always stop in before I shop.
Do yourself a favor next time you go to the mall...fyi park by Macy's

It was unusual to have Starbucks closed, but a little mom and pop Filipino coffee shop opened in the mall for Black Friday.
I guess everyone stopped by to have their turkey hangover fix to start the crazy shopping madness.
It looked they were not prepared for the growing line out the door.
The service was pretty slow.
I had ordered a regular drip coffee.
I was surprised they had free refills all night.
If I wasn't so stuffed by desserts, I would try their halo halo.
Looked really good!
Besides coffee, they also have boba drinks too.
So next time you are in Arrowhead Mall, skip Starbucks and give this small business a shot.

I was a dumb butt and couldn't put two and two together that this is an Asian coffee shop until I saw Boba tea on the menu, a Balikbayan box in the corner, and a huge picture with a Jeepney in it.
But anyway, I wanted some caffeine that wasn't Starbuck's so I went here.
The barista did a great job handling the 10 or so orders that came after mine.
I ordered the Red Velvet Frost, which I assumed had espresso in it because it was under the espresso category.
I drank it; it was pretty much tasted a piece of red velvet cake blended into icy goodness without lumpy, soggy crumbs.
I loved it, but there was no joe in the cup.
For that, I have to take away a star.
But dang, that was one yummy drink.

Coffee is really good, service is terrible.
The service isn't bad per say but they are either understaffed or the folks behind the counter aren't trained very well dealing with customer traffic.
I've been there when 5 or 6 people are in line and when there's only 1 or two ahead of me and either times - whether it's 2 guys or 1 guy behind the counter - it takes forever to get my order.
It's like these guys can't work in a rhythm.
With that said though, their coffee is pretty decent, especially their iced drinks.
Plus they have a good variety of drinks, including boba.
Looks like since they opened though they've focused mainly on coffee and other beverages.
They used to have some filipino treats which has dwindled in variety.
You can find it here and there but not in abundance.
Right outside of Macy's in the mall.

I think it's weird that boba is starting to take off in Arizona.
When I'm in SoCal, it's everywhere, but here, it's until recently been a rarity in Phoenix.
I'm very happy to be able to grab some in Arrowhead mall, along with coffee that's pretty good, or some assorted baked goods.
You can even pick up coupons for Macy's!

I seriously just got done drinking their Black Milk Tea Boba.
It is super delicious and inexpensive.
It also seems like just a cool place to hangout.
I will definitely get the Black Milk Tea again!

A boba tea for your time at the mall  Very cool to have Pinoy's at the mall.
We grab a bubble tea when we visit, before making our rounds.
Black milk tea and taro slush are our usuals.
The boba are a bit soft for my preference, but still good.
And the teas are tasty.
Small selection of Filipino and other pastries, as well.

