River Mountains Loop Trail these are some of several reasons that I am giving you 5 stars:   Your 35 miles of asphalt around the River Mountains within the preiphery of Henderson, Boulder City, and Lake Mead has given me days of recreation that have not reached their limit.
You are the heart of a regional trail system connecting to Desert Wilderness Park, Lake Las Vegas, Equestrian Park, Bootleg Canyon, Historic Railroad Tunnel Trail, and Lake Mead.
Your wildlife astounds me.
Whether yeilding to a roadrunner at mile marker 28 or watching big horn sheep at mile marker 27, nature is as prevalent as the bicyclists and hikers.
You have provided spectacular sunsets reflecting the River Mountains.
Walking clockwise from mile marker 1 to 8.5 bestowed me with that same breathtaking view of the Vegas Valley in two hours that I-515 motorists from Boulder City see in a few minutes.
Hiking on your asphalt clockwise from mile markers 12 to 14 and counter clockwise east of mile marker 30 rewarded me with breathtaking vistas of Lake Mead.
Exploring your valleys off mile marker 1, mile marker 12 at that Magic Tree, and Chulla Forest near mile marker 27 has added a couple years to my life.
Your informative signs have taught me more about the Mojave  Desert than I could learn in class.
It is your asphalt that carries hikers to the foot of B Mountain, and Red and Black Mountains.
With the parallel equestrian trail between mile markers 1 and 14, and your connection to Equestrian Park, you provide generous recreation for equestrian riders.
South of mile marker 14, your spring flowers with Lake Mead in the background bring out the best of spring.
You are the ultimate gym.
Hiking on your 35 miles of right of way, I have lost a couple thousand calories and gained great experiences.
I will soon be back to explore the segment between mile markers 18 to 24.

Another Vegas gem, hidden in plain sight.
I'm fortunate enough to live very close to it.
The views depending on where you are can be stunning to breathtaking.
See Daniel S. 's excellent review for the highlights, he covers it quite well and in greater depth.
Depending on the section you use it also has stuff that the kids will enjoy.
I haven't seen a kid yet that didn't like riding through a small tunnel or two as the trail cuts under a roadway.
And if you're riding and see a couple of horses the kids always love seeing horses.
For me this trail offers the distance, length, and visual eye candy to make exercise enjoyable.
5 Stars: While it's a great trail it's those Million Dollar Vistas of Lake Mead and the Las Vegas Valley that are permanently etched into my memory.
Tip: Water, Water, Water, DID YOU BRING WATER?
Go get a Camelback or Hydration System and when you get to half of your water remaining turn around and go back.
And DON'T FORGET YOUR SUNSCREEN!

Amazing!
I was able to ride a portion of the trail around the equestrian park trailhead today and I can't wait to go back for more.
Miles 0-7 are in excellent condition.
Wonderful views of the valley, great hill climbs.
Everyone should take advantage of this amazing trail.

If you are a fan of the great outdoors and have never been on the River Mountains Trail Loop, you should run, walk, or cycle there soon.
Consisting of 35 miles, the RMTL connects Lake Mead National Recreation Area, Lake Las Vegas, Hoover Dam, Henderson, and Boulder City.
My friends and I use it all the time for biking and running, but there are plenty of people who walk their dogs or themselves.
Depending on where you are on the Loop, you can see awesome views of downtown Vegas, Boulder City, and Lake Mead--many photo ops, which Yelpers love, right?
If you don't want to pay the entrance fee to get into Lake Mead, there are parking lots located outside of the two toll booths that go into Lake Mead.
The other parking/entrance spots are Equestrian Park, Railroad Pass Hotel, and Bootleg Canyon in Boulder City.
TIPS FOR WALKERS/RUNNERS/HIKERS:  Bring plenty of hydration and fuel (food, snacks) and a cellphone if you're going to be out for a while.
You are out in nature and there are no 7-11s on the Loop.
Look out for wildlife; I have encountered both coyotes and snakes, but these are few and far between and usually in the early morning, when most sane people are still sleeping (I have seen many sunrises at the lake due to training).
There are public bathrooms at Equestrian Park and the Lake Mead Park entrances.
TIPS FOR CYCLISTS:  Same tips for hydration and fuel as above.
The whole loop is great training, but by no means flat (there's really no place in Vegas that's super flat).
Most local cyclists who train out here know about the Three Sisters (a.k.a.
the Three B*%@&es, the Three Witches, etc.
): three hills that will kick your butt if you're not expecting them and have made even seasoned triathletes and cyclists walk their bikes up the third sister if they're not expecting it, are in the wrong gear, or don't have the training.
I've seen it (and done it) myself.
Likewise, there are some tight turns downhill, so look out for those and bike traffic coming the other way--your brake pads will get a workout.
Pack extra tubes and Co2 so you're ready for a flat tire because it can be a long walk back to your car or wherever you started.
All in all, one of the best things Vegas has to offer.
Bring your friends and family for a walk, run, or ride and take advantage of this local gem.
http://www.rivermountainstrail.com/

RAILROAD PASS TO MILE MARKER 30 AT US 93 BOULDER CITY HIKE     At 34 miles it is realistic to hike the River Mountains Loop Trail [abbreviated RMLT] as individual hikes.
My aim was to write an inclusive review on the RMLT.
I did this last April and intend to write an anniversary review around April 11.
My aim was to write follow up reviews on individual hikes from the trailheads in numerical order.
On paper this was practical.
In the real world it is impractical.
Because Yelp is my Diary, I will be reviewing individual RMLT hikes as I experience them.
This review is on the Railroad Pass to US 93-Boulder City hike.
This is a hike that I did last week and October 2011.
The best thing to compare hiking RMLT is to golf.
Frenchman Mountain and Red Rock Canyon would be golf.
RMLT is miniature golf.
The Railroad Pass to US 93-Boulder City is the entry level course.
The Railroad Pass is the origin and destination point of RMLT.
Railroad Pass supports RMLT through a substantial parking lot.
Without putting a quarter in a Railroad Pass machine, I feel like I won the Royal Flush when I step on the RMLT.
It is a place that elevates me to Cloud 9.
In March the wildflowers turn the trailhead and segments into a linear garden.Now on Cloud 9, I put on my arsenal of tunes and hike to Boulder City.
The leading mile of this hike is between the Historic Southern Railway and US 93.
On weekends a historic train runs on these tracks.
The vistas of US 93 on the right are the open spaces of El Dorado Canyon.
Approximately a mile into the hike, RMLT turns to the left where it crosses the railroad.
The railroad is on the right and the desert is on the left.
This is a good bunny and bird watching spot.
Cascata Golf Course is in the background.
Near MM 32.5 RMLT turns directly ^ for a short segment.
There is a junction with a spur trail.
It is worthwhile to point out that Boulder City Stone Circle is here.
Pluto was observed from here in 2005.
At night time the views of the stars are spectacular.
The RMLT returns to an eastbound alignment as it passes open desert.
It then turns slightly northeast as it slowly gains elevation parallel to Veteran's Memorial Drive and power line towers marching like soldiers toward Hoover Dam.
RMLT turns more northeast into Bootleg Canyon.
From here to the conclusion of the hike, the straightaways are replaced by mesmeric curves and hillsas it follows the contours of Bootleg Canyon.
At this point the elevation is 2,694 feet.
This is the land of mountain biking where a yield sign at the perpendicular mountain bike trails control collisions.
This is where Yucca Street crosses RMLT.
A few hundred feet to the left are restrooms.
Further is the hiking trail up Red Mountain.
To the right is a short cut to Boulder City.
From Bootleg Canyon the mesmeric curves follow the contours of the land downhill toward US 93.
Past MM 30, the RMLT portion of the hike concludes at the US 93 junction.
A distant view of Lake Mead comes into view.
This is a separate RMLT hike.
To conclude the hike, turn right on US 93, and hike near the shoulder for a good 1/2 mile.
Starbucks and the Boulder City Business District will be on the left.
Both times that I have done this hike, I left Boulder City at sundown.
To eliminate a couple of miles I walked north on US 93 past antiques row and turned right on Yucca Street by Taco Bell.
In Bootleg Canyon Yucca Street will connect to  RMLT.
I have had an uplifting experience watching the sundown over the mountains and listening to the greatest songs of the rock & roll era.
By the time it gets dark at the conclusion of the hike, I feel uplifted watching the stars above.
When I return to Railroad Pass I celebrate the hike with a dinner in the Iron Rail Cafe.
Yelp Challenge Review 42 of 100.

My husband and I walked this trail with our dogs on an early Saturday morning.
The trail is paved and runs along the power lines waaaay out Southeast.
You can walk/bike on this trail.
I think it is made more for biking than walking.
A lot of people were biking there the morning my husband and I were walking our dogs.
If you do the entire trail it is 30+ miles.
The first 4-5 miles is kind of boring because you are simply walking a straight path.
The only nice thing is you get really picturesque views of the entire Las Vegas Valley.
Once you get about 4 miles in the trail veers to the right and I am assuming at some point you would be able to see Lake Las Vegas to your left if you kept going.
My husband and I turned around at the 4-mile mark and walked back.
Our dogs were tired.
So were we.
I would also suggest starting this trail at a different point to get a better hike out of it.
I think next time my husband and I will try to start it from an area by Lake Mead.
Perhaps my rating will go up then, we will see.

As an area resident, I can access this awesome trail within just a few miles of my Henderson residence.
Therefore, I have ridden every aspect of the trail many times in both directions for shorter and longer rides.The actual trail loop is 34 miles.
From my door round trip is 42 miles, but for the road bikers who don't think much of this distance--just consider that I ride a steel frame mountain bike.
My kind of riding is for fitness conditioning and safety so this is my preference.
Unless you are on a road bike, prepare for at least a three hour ride.
Be prepared to meet your highest challenge on the famous "Three Sisters" hill sequence as it is steep and long in rapid succession.
Both the "Sisters" and the views are breathtaking!
I am not just a seasonal "fair weather" cyclist so I enjoy this trail year round.
The loop is scenic and variable.
Occasionally, Desert Big Horn Sheep can be seen from the trail.
Start at sunrise in the summer and take plenty of water and an emergency tire repair kit.
A flat on a remote section of this trail would not be fun without a spare.
During cycling season the trail gets pretty busy on the weekends so I prefer the safety of weekday riding.
Be in decent shape before you attempt the entire loop; I suggest training on sections until you have done each segment and know what to expect before you set out to do the entire challenge.

