Haloween night and only one checker.
We waited in line for 20 minutes.
This place is a joke.
Look ven my photo of everyone waiting in line is the main pic.. haha

Not bad.
Super prices.
I saved 40 dollars once shopping at Food 4 Less, rather than one of the other Vegas markets.
It could be a little cleaner and fresher-smelling, but that's OK.
It's a discount grocery store and the people are pretty nice.
Highly recommended.

I'm reviewing the food for less on flamingo/Decatur...I can't say anything aBout any of the other stores but I won't be shopping at any of them.
We started shoppig here because of the sole reason that it is the closest grocery store to our condo where we just moved...first of all they NEVER have enough cashiers the lines are literally out to the aisles every time I come, even in the supposedly speedy 20 items or less lines.
Don't dare forget anything and lose ur place in line or ur screwed.
Especially on the first-I'd recommend staying away on the first of te month if possible-packed with food stamp customers with five full shopping carts in every line.
Also I have never bought produce from here, none of it is fresh and any fruit u get will be bad within 2 days.
If u get avocados here they are either way too soft and collapse and break in ur hand or they are hard as a rock and need to buy them like a week before you need them.
That's not even why I am giving this place a bad review....I got a package of toilet paper and when I got home a live roach crawled out of it.
EWW!!
I went back a few days later (without my receipt, I know I know but I rarely collect my receipt unless it's a big order) and spoke to the manager and asked if I could get my money back or at the very leAst exchange it for another pack of tp.
This is what she told me, "how am I supposed to know that the roach didn't come from your house?
I get my store treated for bugs monthly so I know it's not from Here.
" and she refused to do anything about it.
Ok really this wasn't like the jumbo pack of charmin that costs like 30 bucks this was a 5.99$ kroger brand of toilet paper-her store really would not lose alot of money on this return or exchange, and just for good customer service she should have done it.
Needless to say, we drive the extra mile and shop elsewhere

This store is pretty clean, but can get pretty busy.
The lines get long at certain times of the day, so it's good to avoid the place during peak shopping hours.
It's large and well-stocked and like all other Food-4-Less' you bag your own groceries, a main reason I don't come that often.
They also don't tend to stock gourmet items, so I tend to only come here when there are sales on particular items I'm looking for or to stock up for a party at my place for junk food.

Clean, large, has a variety of fresh produce makes for an easy shopping experience.
Only having one cashier creates a bit of a back up, but it is nothing too severe.
The best way to describe Food 4 Less is similar to Costco or Sam's Club without having to purchase a membership.
The prices are low and they even have some ethnic food.
The majority of their foreign items are Mexican, but that is not so bad if you are looking to stock up on spices.
I have been looking to start juicing and their fruits and veggies will not break the bank.

This is the only food 4 less that I consider less ghetto.
Is that even a compliment??
Hmm, i guess.
Clean isles.
Organized produce.
Great variety of meat.
Selection is great for different recipes that call for unordinary food or spices.
especially when your looking for those hispanic ingredients or special things straight from mexico.
The place to come for great deals.
Every year I come here to get the ingredients for my homemade special pork temales.
They have the lowest prices in town.
I usually call around and check ;) No im not cheap, im smart!
Warning; they usually have extremely long lines.
So don't waste your time if your in a hurry.
This store is made for people with patience.
The approx time in line is about 12 mins.
Why?
Not cause they dont have enough checkers but because everyone has their cart full.
Okay, not full, overly stuffed.
Over the brim.
About to explode.
get the picture?
Okay, good.
Just checking.
The cashiers, are nice not super friendly.
They speak english but it always seems as if they choose not to be friendly.
they don't ask how you are or how your day went.
Theres really no point in even trying to hold a conversation because its as if your talking to a door.
Yep, thats all I have to say.. Hope I was helpful.

Great Prices.
Clean and very well stocked.
The one thing I dislike is the parking it's always full of shopping carts that obstruct parking.

It is what it is, but "Food 4 Less" is a misnomer.
I went to buy beer for the cajun restaurant which didn't have license, and found it to be more expensive than major grocery chains (such as Vons).
Like Luisa said, the parking is horrible and very poorly designed.
There's better out there.

Ran for some liquor and great choice !

The walk into the store is quite scary, I cannot tell if it's the people outside that makes it so, or all the garbage and waste products (dirty diapers and tons of trash, even something I cannot say what it was it was so disgusting) I saw on the way in.
But once inside the store, it's very different.
Clean, organized and with a good selection of meats and produce that is as impressive as any other grocery store.
For that once in a while shopping trip to a grocery store, this one isn't my first choice, but since I was with my husband, I felt better going in with him than staying in the car.

We almost never shop here( We're usually @168, Greenland, or Cardenas) but just browsing around, I came across some beautiful BONE MARROW!!!
Huh?
at Food 4 Less??
?HELLZ YEAH!!!!
They were cheap, and I was already thinking aboutTony Bourdain's No Reservations episode with the Roasted Bone Marrow, so immediately, I gathered all the other ingredients to duplicate "Tony Bourdain's Last Supper"....Roasted Bone Marrow with Parsley Salad.
It was SO FATTYLICIOUS!!!!
Get some!!!!...ALOHA!!

They have very inexpensive food however sometimes the produce doesn't look as fresh as it should.

I friggin love this place.
okay, so its a little terrifying walking INTO this joint, especially after dark...there are a lot of people that look like they were (for lack of a better phrase) "ridden hard and put away wet", but holy bejesus...you can get some of the weirdest things...for the lowest prices.
And I'm still stunned about how much meat they have here...and how cheap it is.
Okay, so I don't know the quality of it, but .99cents a pound for chicken?
boom.
They have those nasty smoked pig ankles my dog likes.
I think my favorite part of this place was the liquor section.
I LOVE how the good stuff is locked up, and you need assistance to get what you want...and I love the prices.
23$ for a bottle of belvedere.
Man, I wish we had you in NY, food for less.

conveniently located north of the Strip and conveniently open at 6am.
we tend to start our March Madness here by picking up all the essentials.
and by essentials, i mean booze.
and lots of it.
sprinkle in some porkrinds, doritos and a chocolate easter bunny, and we're set for the debauchery.
the store is clean and and bright and the staff are pleasant.
prices are also excellent.
this spot will continue to be our first stop in town every MM.

Was in Vegas for a week and needed some snacks for our room.
We were in the area and stopped by this location to grab a few items.
It's gone downhill from what I remember from my last visit many years ago.
The store has aged a lot and the clientele is somewhat sketchy....a function of the surrounding area going downhill over the years as well.
Overall, the store provided what we needed.
Nothing more, nothing less.
Return Factor - 20%

I shop here alot.....the prices are awesome !!
but the produce is normally less then par, and my family eats a lot of produce.
Its close to my house which is great.
Good selections.
Customer service sucks though.
I understand they do not bag our groceries which i prefer to do myself anyways....but ive seen the cashiers straight up refuse to help elderly or less then strong people with their heave items.
I will continue to shop here cause i love to save money.....but the customer service reallllllllllllly needs a lift

I shop here sometimes when I don't feel like going to smiths the prices are reasonable and I always find everything that I am looking for at a good price and it's only a couple of blocks from  my house.
The reason for the 3 stars is because of two things one sometimes the store is dirty and there are items mixed up with other items and the floors are usually really dirty.
And two the customer service is so so  sometimes they can be helpful and other times not so much but other then that this is my go to store when I am looking to save money when I go grocery shopping or when I don't feel like shopping at smiths.

I am really a glutton for punishment I suppose the couple of times I have made the mistake in coming here!
The only reason I have even stepped foot into this store was because is super close to my house.
I remember the horrid smell of rotting vegetables that stank in the produce "section".
Whoa I am glad I had an empty stomach otherwise I would have lost my belly junk.
Stinky and the floors are constantly dirty, black marks all over the place.
They have clearly just given up on any sanitary decisions regarding store cleaning.
The employees are always unfriendly, bitchy and sullen on all occasions.
If I could kick my own as I would have for making the same mistake over and over by coming back out of convenience.
Well at this point I would drive 100 miles elsewhere to get what I need to avoid this assault on the nose and horrid sour milk smell.
Smells bad bad bad bad, it effing is so foul I would rather shove my face in a skunks juice box rather than inhale this funktitued!
Forgive me I am just bitter, the experience was scarring and that bad.

Today was my wife's birthday.
Yesterday I went around to several bakeries in search for an eight inch round white cake.
My wife is picky and I've been experimenting for six months now.
I ended up at food for less where the baker recommended the white triple layer cake with whipped cream cheese frosting.
It was ready the next day.
It was the very first cake I gave my wife which she said was perfect.
I give the baker five stars and thank her for putting the frosting on my wife's birthday.

Famous Pros & Cons instead of babble/chatter!
Pros -  Sometimes lots of food is relatively cheap  Cons - Where do I begin...  one of the worst Food 4 Less I've been to.
Most fruits & vegetables while a little cheaper than other stores are a day away from being roach/fly food  Far from fresh, most fruits and veggies look dried, shriveled up and maybe picked  up the night before from Smiths or Albertson instead of it being tossed  Store has largely chemical or dying food smell - not a good hygienic sign...
Parking lot was so full on a super hot 110 day that you'd think food is free  All carts were out and many were broken (wheels) or had trash in them  Food isn't THAT much cheaper.
Check out Sprouts for instance, or other stores for sales before coming here.
Frankly I'd pay 20% more so that all my fruits and veggies don't all look like raisins and must be eaten asap before they completely shrivel up and die.
Fresh Meat prices are about the same as other stores, but given how fresh their fruits and veggies are, I'd rather pass on meat  here.
In sum, if you're starving fresh out of work and willing to eat Albertsons' yesterday's food and save a dollar, this place is for you!

