My favorate mexican food restaurant opens its 3 location in Glendale and this one is a hit and with in walking distance from our home.
Now we don't have to stop at just two of their award winning Margaritas, simply the best and don't be fooled these margaritas have a kick .
I have been eating at the 67th Ave & Bell rd location at least once a week since they opened.
I spoke to the owner yesterday and this location is breaking sales records and they have only been open a week.
I recently became a vegetarian and I though I was going to have to stop eating Caramba's, but as I looked at the menu I notice that they a vegetarian burro and several other options on the menu.
Thank god, I don't know if I could make it with out my weekly fix.
If you like menudo that have the best.
One of the best things about eating at Caramba's is the friendly people that work there preparing the best and healthiest mexican food in the valley (NO LARD or M.S.G.).
When I say fresh, they mean fresh NEVER FROZEN.
The salsa bar is stocked with a variety of made fresh daily salsas.
I have lived in the valley all my life and I can honestly tell you that you to will love Caramba Fresh Mexican Food.

You have to try the chicken Mexican pizza, it is fabulous

Great food bomb.com

Soooo glad there;s a newer location here with carambas in it and this building now now has a lucrative business in it.
(prior business have changed frequently) GREAT they are a mom & pop!
You cant get any better Mexican pizza, Tacos, or their GIANT Caramba Burrito and for the prices they are affordable and fill you up!!
Their pico de gallo is amazing!!

I'm starting to like this place but stay away from the tamales....they are all masa and no meat.
I love their tacos, enchiladas, burritos, and the margaritas will get you drunk very quickly.
I like the atmosphere its very casual and clean.
The salsa bar has about 6 different salsas and the chips are great too.

I get cravings for mexican food.
Like a pregnant woman who needs pickles and ice cream, I need my enchiladas with green sauce or else I get cranky.
I've been everywhere around this area and Carambas is the best.
It's quick, inexpensive, and delicious.
Try it.

When I think of authentic, amazing Mexican food I think of Caramba (and then drool a little).
I moved to the east coast 5 years ago but still dream about this place.
Everytime I fly back to Phoenix to visit my parents I make a stop at this place.
I don't even go home to drop off my bags.
There's just no time.
I've been going to the Bell road location for years and have always been a loyal customer.
I was very happy to find out they had opened a nicer location even closer to my parent's house.
Everything on the menu is delicious, but I always end up ordering the beef taco combo.
The shredded beef, cripsy taco shell, topped with the cheese/ lettuce/ tomato combo is the most heavenly thing I have ever tasted.
If anything this restaurant has jaded me forever.
No mexican food on the east coast will ever measure up!
I miss you every day Carambas.

Love this place have been patronizing Carambas for 17 years, love the Union Hills location love the staff, however the patio needs shade!
Umbrellas have been removed and shade is so needed!
Great inexpensive fresh food...killer margaritas best for the price!

I really wanted to try this restaurant.
Since we're eating Mexican food tomorrow I didn't want to get a full meal so I ordered some guacamole as a good indicator of how the food is.
I was disappointed.
The guacamole ($2 for 4 oz) was really peppery.
Not spicy with jalapeno peppers but black peppery.
Based on the guacamole I probably won't go back for a full meal.
Too bad because the food really did smell good when I walked through the restaurant.
The employees were also very nice.

Stuck in the world between fast food and restaurant it's good for what it is.
The food is solid but the prices a little high.
I also find it very cheap to charge for drink refills.

Aye Caramba.
My mom knows my love of Mexican food-and especially good Mexican food.
Sadly, I am the only one in my immediate Phoenix family that is a fan.
Growing up, the Grandparent's would begrudgingly go to one place called La Pinata (see my review from 2011) because that was close to both our synagogue (yes, this was back in the day) and my Great Aunt and Uncle's house.
They would only have cheese crisps (only those from AZ, my Toni (through my Dad) and Ivy understand and share the love of a good one) or a chimichanga.
My mom likes chips and refried beans and cheese crisps.
She also likes guacamole but for some reason, can't pronounce it right.
Anyway, during my recent week in Phoenix, it was not a vacation or resting type of trip.
It was a little visiting and a lot of business type trip.
Mom and I ended up here for dinner because she said that people she knows really like this place, so we went as it was close to an errand we were running.
This is an order at the counter, they call your number type of place.
There is a bar to one side the ordering area and the pick up area.
They have Pepsi products, a salsa bar but you have to pay for chips.
Mom wanted a cheese crisp and I ordered my standard new place order 2 crispy tacos one chicken, one shredded beef with refried beans and rice.
I also ordered a small container of correctly pronounced guacamole.
The cashier was friendly though not particularly warm.
We found a table, and our number was called shortly thereafter.
The tacos were in home made formed and fried corn tortilla shells.
I loved this.
Sadly, that was about all I loved.
The chicken taco was pretty dried out and they had large shredded Americanized tasting cheddar over the tacos.
The beef taco was better, but the spicy carrots helped and the guacamole was nothing to write home about.
What really got me though was the weird tinny flavor from the refried beans (pretty inedible) and as one Bay Area friend of mine would say-the rice was all wrong.
Not only did it have peas AND carrots, it had some small corn kernels.
Mom ate about half her cheese crisp and the fact that I didn't even try it speaks volumes.
She apologized as we were leaving saying she thought it would be better, and she apologized even more adamantly when she told me she had been up a lot during the night because of the cheese crisp.
Yep-I knew something wasn't right with the cheese.
Not a place I would recommend or ever come back to especially after an old friend from high school introduced me to Carolina's.

If your looking for quick, cheap, good food, this be it.
Not much for atmosphere, but you get dependable food and good taste for your money.
Salsa bar is superb.
Why pay high dollar for your food when you can come here.

Love this place for good cheap Mexican food!
Machaca burrito is amazing.

I hate to say it but I keep having bad experiences here.
I used to love Caramba's and have been going to the Bell location since highschool.
I got a "Giant Caramba" with Machaca yesterday because it was on special.
My wife got a machaca burrito and added beans and guac (which is her standard, she's been gonig here off and on forever also).
My burrito was huge, covered with melty cheese and really good red sauce.
Sounds good right!?
Unfortunatly, no.
My huge burro was 75% tortilla with just a little bit of meat.
Seriously.
I actually counted 7, YES SEVEN, layers of tortilla on the bottom of my burro.
I'm shaking my head in disappointment while writing this.Where's the beef?!
My wife's burro was just as dissappointing.
Just a very small portion of meat.
When you get a beef burrito, and add beans, they are not supposed to take away beef.
It should be the same damn amount of beef with beans ADDED.
Again, where's the beef!?!?
I would much rather be at Cafe Rumba on 59th and Union, or, better yet, Caminero on 83rd and Deer Valley, both of which have excellent food at the same (or better) price point.
I waited a while before deciding to leave a bad review, something I don't like doing.
This was my 4th time at this "new" location, my 4th time hoping for something to change, and my 4th time dissapointed.
I won't be back again.

Great Margs, grilled fish tacos and salsa.
Favorite place to eat fresh mex!

You had me at "Salsa Bar.
"  Oh Caramba... all you needed was a salsa bar to get me to come back again and again.
So many salsas to choose from makes this salsa freak so happy!
I love the variety and freshness of all the salsas, as well as the freshness and low prices of the food.
When our order number was called, I had to ask the guy behind the counter if all that food was for my order because there were two trays full!
We spent less than $20 for all that food.
My hubby and I left fat and oh so happy after eating at Caramba's.

Hmmm.
This was just okay.
I was craving mexican food so I sent my hubby here, I told him to get me the mini chimichangas with the queso sauce on the side.
Well, they DID put the queso sauce on the side but it was ice cold.
Blech.
I tried a bit & it tasted like a mayonnaise sauce.
DEF not my cup of tea.
Luckily I ordered a side (errr, extremely tiny) of guacamole which helped save the chimis.
They were pretty flavorful but so unbelievably greasy.
The bottom of the carton was just covered in grease.
I started to feel sick to my stomach after the fist mini chimi due to the amount of grease.
The beans & rice were very tasty & I loved the guacamole.
We will come back but next time I won't be getting anything fried.

I really enjoy Caramba's!
It is kind of a cross between fast food and a real sit down type of restaurant.
Their beef chimi is my favorite, and it actually comes with sour cream and guacamole.
Their tacos are also worth giving a try too.
I have been to 3 different Caramba's locations in the valley and this is probably the nicest one I have been to.
I also really like the one in central Glendale, because it is the original.
The food is honestly about the same no matter which one you go to, but each one is set up a little different.
The cool thing about this location is they have a larger, nicer, and more up to date bar area.
Plus the food here is way better then other similar restaurants  in the area.

5 stars for the food..the cashiers are  always a little cold and not very friendly..today was the  worst..Jessica M. Did not even greet me, she simply stared at me waiting for my order, Omg, wake up guys this is your front line staff, the face of your restaraunt!
I probably won't be back after eating at caramba at various locations for 15+years..it would be nice to feel like a customer..

