Our air went out and we called Maxon Air because they're linked through a family friend.
They came out right away and informed us we needed a inner coil replaced.
Unfortunately, that particular part for that AC manufacturer wasn't available in the area and it needed to be shipped from the factory.
After spending 19 days displaced from our home, they returned to replace the coil.
Thankfully, the part itself was under warranty, but we still paid about $1K in labor.
However, our home was still quite warm.
After a couple of weeks of our home never reaching less than 80 degrees (in August in Arizona), we called another company for a second opinion.
Upon inspection the new technician found that Maxon's install of the new coil had not been completed properly and a valve had been left off, allowing Freon and corrosive oil to leak onto our roof and causing our once-again ineffective AC to run non-stop.
Our supposedly new coil also showed signs of rust after only a few weeks of use, which the second technician was surprised to observe.
We presented Maxon Air with our concerns and the bill for the second company's inspection and repair on September 4th (6 days ago), and have yet to hear back from them.
We would be well within our rights to contact the ROC and/or ask that our roof shingles be replaced because of the oil, but simply want a reimbursement of charges for a second visit by another technician.
However, Maxon Air does not seem to care enough about customer service and retention to even acknowledge such a serious issue in a timely manner.

Definetly the best in town!
Wouldn't recommend anyone else.
Fixed my AC and never had a problem with it since.
They were quick to find and fix the problem!

Courteous, prompt, knowledgeable, FIXED QUICKLY!!
What more can you ask?
Brandon came out, and was a great guy, professional and knowledgeable.
Will definitely call in the future!
SUSAN R.

Chris from Maxon Air was just great!
He arrived on time, and had our a/c fixed in only a very few minutes.
He was very professional & extremely nice.
I would use Maxon Air again in a heartbeat!

Cory was great!!!
He knew what was going on with my unit right away, and he had it fixed in no time.
I was amazed at how good his customer service was, they didn't try to up sell my on things I didn't need.
It is nice to find people in business that operate with honesty and integrity!!
Maxon Air will be my go to company for all my A/C needs!!

