They were great!
Very organized.
State-of-the-art check in procedures.
The entire staff really showed that they cared about my daughter and took very good care of her.
She was very sick and dehydrated and needed IV fluids.
(The only reason I'm giving 4 starts instead of 5 is because she should have been given more fluids - we had to have more IV fluids administered several hours later.

Great experience.
Friendly, efficient, and thorough.
I would go back again.
Check in was easy.
I was seen quickly.
The doctor took the time to examine my hand and was able to x-ray right there on the premises.
Doctor reviewed the x-ray and gave me the diagnosis.
She gave me next steps and two days later they called to check in on me.

Do not go to this "urgent care.
"  I've been twice and both times they tell me they will not give me antibiotics because they say it's "viral and needs to run it's course.
"   After the first time at fastmed, I ended up at a normal doctor who gave me a Z-pak for a full blown sinus infection that fastmed said was viral and wouldn't treat.
What do you know the Z-pak worked!
This last time I went because I along with 2 other people got a bug in Costa Rica and we were all violently ill. My two friends got antibiotics from doctors and are already better...
The "doctor" who saw me at fastmed told me it wasn't a bug from CR but a viral infection I got here.
Ummm yeah right.
She refused to give me antibiotics and I'm now sicker than before.
I'm so mad.
$60 copay for an over the counter "prescription" aka anti nausea pills.
Stay away from this place!!

I work in healthcare and therefore have had to do a drug test every few months for the past few years.
The experience is usually fast and painless- in and out in about 10 min + whatever the wait time is.
Today, I got a test at this FastMed location.
It was a horrible experience.
There was *no one* in the waiting room, and there were at least 3 techs.
They took my info, had me stand at the counter for 18 min as they did other paperwork.
(I was already in the system.
)  2.
I then waited another 45 min as they did other clerical stuff and talked to each other.
One of them finally took me to do the test, was rude, confused, and unprofessional.
She kept having to leave to ask the other one what to do.
I'm never coming back to this place.
"Fast"Med?
What a joke.

Got to give this Urgent Care 5 Stars for fast service, cleanliness and friendliness.
I was required to go to this location for drug testing for new employment.
I had a zip pass but called before I headed on over.
The man I spoke to on the phone was friendly and told me I could get right in.
He also advise me of what to bring.
My late evening visit was pleasant.
No one was in the waiting room and they were able to service me right away.
The location including the waiting room, restroom, service area, reception desk and environment was super clean.
Ever person I came into contact was super friendly.
I feel comfortable coming back in the future if needed for medical reasons.

My experience was exceptional.
I was visiting Scottsdale for Spring Training and suffered acute ankle gout/cellulitis on Saturday night.
I went to the clinic Sunday morning and was treated by Lisa Duggan.
I don't know whether she was a physician or a family medical practitioner, but it doesn't matter.
She was prompt, friendly, polite, articulate, and very professional.
Her clinical skills were "as good as it gets" for a rather routine ailment.
I was in and out in less than an hour with x-rays done on site.
I would recommend this facility without reservation for routine medical problems.
Not only was the staff friendly and attentive, but the clinic is exceptionally clean and well equipped for its purpose,  The paperwork covering diagnosis, prescriptions, treatment and follow-up care was clear, concise and thorough.
I was given a CD with the x-rays for my primary care physician.
No co-pay.
Good job!
Branden B.

