Fast, efficent and available.
My son came in with a fractured finger tip and within an hour he had a splint and xray and was out the door.

I had a great experience here.
They were very busy but efficient and polite.
I saw a very kind PA that seemed to always have a smile and she took time to explain my treatment.
I would go here again but I hope I don't need to.

This Urgent Care has good hours.
I got the female PA the first time I went.
She was great and gave me the proper antibiotics for whatever I picked up in the spring winds.
The male dr, the 2nd time, however, is a different story.
I had some sort of a sore or something on my back.
It was getting bigger and bigger and I wasn't sure what it was or what to do, so I went to this Urgent Care, as it hurt.
He gave me a prescription for antibiotics and said it would grow as I put heat on it, and to come back (another copay) and get it lanced when it was bigger.
Well, it was already huge and it hurt!
I found out when I went to the chiropractor later that week--it was nothing that they thought.
He said it looked like some accumulation of junk in that area of my spine.
adjusted me really good there, and WITHIN A DAY, it went down to less than half its size, and continued to shrink.
Until then it had been growing and growing.
So, wrong dx by the Urgent Care dr, and glad I didn't have to waste a 2nd copay on them.
The front desk staff is always very friendly, and usually the people who take your blood pressure, etc are friendly, as well.
I guess it just depends who you get and what you go in for, and what they are familiar with.
Except, I did ask if they handled this type of thing, and they assured me that they did.

Pros: clean, quiet, front desk friendly.
Cons: provider spent less then 2 min.
Office is cold, so bring something warm to wear.
There was 1 person in front of me and it still took over 45 min to be seen.
I can hear people in the rooms surrounding me but no doctor.
She didn't seem knowledgeable about one of the meds I take which is an immune-suppressor.
I could tell she was pretending she knew but had no clue and was quick to exit the room.

I came in limping.
Can barely walk.
The RT named Jeffrey let me limp right by a wheelchair not in use.
I said,  a wheelchair would be nice!
He ignored me.
Asked me where the pain was.
I told him where it had been...then stood up to check and it moved so I showed him now where it was...I got a snarly, "oh, so now it's over THERE" like I am an idiot or a liar.
Hopefully the dr will treat me better...not the first time I have disliked the way this guy talked to me.
Girl at the front desk recognized me.
Apparently I come in here too much!
She was awesome and brought me the paperwork so I didnt have to get up.
This PA I got was fantastic.
Very skilled in muscle issues.
Quite friendly and knowledgeable.
She kicks it up to 4 stars.

Slow slow slow!!
Came to get a pre-employment pee test done.
No one in waiting room at all and still waited almost 45 min to be seen!

I came in with my son on Sunday and, while it wasn't lightening fast, it wasn't te slowest ever.
Front desk was nice and the nurse was great!
She was sooooo nice and good to my son.
Then we saw the doctor who is Tom who was REALLY good with my little guy.
He was funny and polite and efficient.
He referred my son to a hand surgeon and have us a DVD of my sounds X-rays and the whole bit.
We had a great experience and I recommend this place (my second time here by the way.

