For the Waterloo university market, this is pretty good--would say the students are a bit spoiled.
Probably just a notch below Richmond, BC, still a great value for $7.49 for the medium-sized bowl of braised beef noodles, your choice of thick or thin.
Plenty of Bak Choy, sprouts too....and soup base surprisingly little if any MSG.
Nice decor, 4 booth seatings.
Good size for rest.
Good suspicion that it's Taiwanese-owned too.
Lots of parking.

Chen's is the busiest Chinese restaurant in the Waterloo university plaza; and for good reason.
The food here is always fresh, portion sizes are good and the service has never let me down.
The place is clean and comfortable.
I suppose it is pricier then the other restaurant, but usually by $0.50 or $1.00 so not a big deal.
I think its great that they bring you both a fork and chopstick and once you become a regular they know your preference and remember it.
I've eaten there many many times and done takeout as well and have always had a good experience.
If you want Chinese food, have less than 30 minutes and less than $10 and are at the plaza and then this is the place to go.

Too bad

I love Chen!
Great food, fair prices.
Excellent value

Value for money!
I love their shredded garlic potato and all the chicken dishes!
Wholesome portions and great prices

Nice interior good food and really cool bowls.
Definitely worth checking out

Chen's is about as good of Americanized Chinese food that one can find in the plaza.
I enjoy the atmosphere and the people who work their are always friendly.

Not good

I don't doubt the quality of the food, it was pretty good, especially for the price.
The interior was pretty well decorated for a university shop, however the service was terrible.
Went with a couple of friends, waited to be seated by standing near the entrance.
They did not see us at all for the longest time and the restaurant wasn't even busy at the moment.
So we took the liberty to self-sit oursleves, and then kept waiting for  the servers to see us.
They didn't so we had to wave them down before the server even realized they had new customers.
We ordered and one of our friend's dish was entirely forgotten.
They never came to check on us, or even look at us to see how we were doing.
I've been here more than a couple of times and the service has always let me down, so I'm sure why other people think the service is good.
This probably doesn't always happen, but this experience sucked, therefore 2 stars....

Cheap, wonderful food.
I love how they offer free bubble tea (great flavour too) for dinner, and the dinners are cheap, filling, and delicious.
Chinese-style Chinese food, tastes exactly like Chinese food should.
Good decor too.
Although I've ordered the combo meals and the taste varies from cook to cook, it's always good enough for me to want to come back.

Typical Chinese restaurant in the UWaterloo plaza, although one of the busier ones.
Had sweet and sour chicken with rice.
Decent food, cheap, and served quickly.
The decor was also nice compared to surrounding restaurants but bathrooms are not clean and are stacked with trash, boxes and cleaning supplies.
Would go again for take out.

I heard they were a lot better couple years back, but now they they can't compare to some of the other restaurants in the plaza.
They tried improve their menu a year ago and that has made things a bit better but they're still iffy in my books

You go to lunch at the plaza  You walk right by Chen's  Maybe you've made it all the way to Mel's or BK.
Regardless of where you ended up, you will just ask yourself 'why didnt I just get Chen's'  Then you will go to Chen's.
And you will be Happy.

The food is oily and expensive  I think the prime reason why people come here is due to the location Otherwise, there are many better places in the plaza to eat.

