I cant get over how good the Fried Catfish is here.
Have you ever eaten at a restaurant, then thought about it days later because it was so good?
That's the type of experience I had at Dots.
Rib Poy Boy flavor is deep, smokey and moist, totally outstanding.
Sweet Potato Pie is the best I ever had.
Food it prepared fresh, so it takes about 10-15 minutes, but worth the wait.
I want to try other items on the menu, but cannot resist ordering the Fried Catfish.
OMG, its sooooo good!

Wow...one of the best small business restaurants I've been to in a LONG time.
Kind of small (maybe seating for 10 or so) but very well worth it.
Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING was amazing!
Completely unexpected.
We were even told by the main chef (with the color changing eyes LOL) that they do catering and holiday meals AND will even ship them to you on dry ice if you would like.
This restaurant is at the top of my list for "Restaurants to Visit" in Vegas :)

This must be a old address, the new address is 4955 E Craig Rd.
We ordered the rib tip dinner with greens, mac and cheese with a hot link.
Where do I start?
The "rib tips" was just a bunch of chopped up rib meat, no tips, the meat was dry and some peices burnt.
The greens had no flavor other then.vinagery, the mac and cheese was dry and very bland, the hot link taste like one of the red links you buy in the huge packs at the grocery store with the casing took off.
Food was bad and most went in the trash..
The only reason I gave this place 2 stars is the workers was nice and.when you are walking past the aroma coming from the smoking pit outside is great..

The food is tasty and the best way to describe it, is to say it tastes homemade.
The sauce that I received had a vinegar base but that's how I like it.
Some restaurants make their sauces syrupy and sweet which is more forgiving.
You have to know how to cook to use vinegar because its less forgiving.

It's wasn't the fact that this place was located in a not so good part of town or even that I received my meal in a food 4 less grocery bag...
But I  was very disappointed w my meal!
The Mac n cheese was watery and sweet, the ribs had no flavor!
The best part of my meal was the catfish, which was really good!!
Overall it was a waste of $16!

Waiting for water and kool-aid still more than 10 minutes after ordering for HERE!
The girl behind the counter has her water.
Just got our food and still no drinks.
Some was okay.... other not so much.... skip the sweet potato pie ... in fact, skip it all together, honestly

Horrible at least the GUMBO, the special of the night,,  Total fail, the rice was not cooked, the gumbo was so salty i fed it to the garbage disposal...
Spent a total of 14 bucks for about 8 oz of salt water, and for a caramel cake that looked like was baked in an easy bake oven...
I was very disappointed, rough looking people lurking,,  skip it and go to Farmer Boys...
Sorry DOTS,, total epic fail

This address is incorrect- I wasted a lot of time and gas trying to find this place.
The cashier misinformed me over the phone- she said the food was already done.
She wasn't much help once I got there either- she had to ask the cook everything.
Besides that she looked like she was on drugs- bad!
Upon arrival, several people were waiting and some were just hanging out in there.
We waited for almost an hour and the food wasn't good.
The turkey was bone dry and the deserts went straight in the trash.
The macaroni was missing real cheese.
Total waste of money.
This place is very inconsistent and isn't well organized.
They ran out of yams and instead of saying so- they gave me 3 little pieces for each order- the order was at least half way short.
They got a lot of the order wrong anyway.
The manager tried to fix the problem as there were sooo many but, it still wasn't quite right.
Trying to keep this review short- if I listed every single problem, it probably wouldn't be enough space.
I want to recommend this place to chef Gordon Ramsay to fix but it's probably got way too many issues!

The food is good.
I had the pulled pork plate with mac n cheese and green beans.
It wasn't exactly like being in the south again, but it was good.
They are short staffed for sure.
Only one lady behind the counter taking orders and tending to customers.
There were several people who had called in orders and were there to pick up but had to wait (one lady did just go to the front of the line).
They are very nice, but "service" was slow and it's not a fast lunch place.
By service, I mean there didn't seem to be a set flow or order, again the lady was probably doing her best to keep up.

Great food, GREAT service, both the pregnant girl working and the cook were helpful and friendly.
Location is not the greatest, but the food makes up for it.
Ended up trying the pulled pork and links and they were right on spot.
I will definitely be back so two thumbs up to Dots!

This review is for the EAST FLAMINGO AND PECOS location.
First and foremost, the food, while ice cold on arrival, was very tasty.
But let's go into more detail.
I had to call the Craig location to help me reach the Flamingo location.
They weren't properly answering the phone.
Once I got them on the phone, they were very helpful and friendly.
The food took FOREVER.
We live a mere 2 miles.
The food took 75 minutes.
Packaging was a nightmare.
There was no lid on my tartar sauce, and it was packed with my rolls, so on arrival, my rolls were coated in tartar sauce.
The hot fish, hot yams and cold potato salad were all packaged together in one container, with nothing to separate them.
On arrival, my fish was covered in the juice of the yams and the melted potato salad.
I ate it anyway, because I had waited 75 minutes and spent $39.
The other order was brisket which was really good, a hot link which my son loved, and a burger and chili cheese fries, which were very cold, but tasty.
They NEED to stop packing hot and cold food together.
They need to be separated!
Also, who thought tartar sauce open in the rolls container was a good idea?
We would never ever order delivery again, but I would walk in and get it hot and fresh.
The food was probably awesome when it first left the restaurant.
Not sure where that driver went when he left the restaurant, but he took the long way, that's for sure.

Cheap, but in a shady spot.
The food wasn't exactly mom's quality,  but the options are good.

I would not advise anyone using a restaurant.com certificate to use at this place.
I tried to use one and was told they would not honor it for the items that I  wanted even though there are no printed restrictions.
I have been there many times, with great results, but never again.
And I will tell everyone I know.

Nope!
Placed order.
45 minutes later got a call saying they were out of this and out of that but would substitute.
I said ok.
Waited another hour - nothing arrived.
Tried calling, no answer.
If they can't deliver within 2 hours and don't answer the phone, it can't be that great.
Next!

I hate to give a negative review to some folks just trying to earn a living but there are a few major problems with this restaurant that need to be addressed, and if they are, I'm sure business will drum up.
They had a real problem honoring the restaurants.com coupon, something that they signed up for.
The place is just dingy and kind of dirty, the menu is confusing and the pictures are so small they just aren't helpful.
I love good southern food, but this place just isn't that great.

