We're regular visitors to Istanbul, so have been exposed to a fair amount of Turkish cuisine, be it home-cooked, in restaurants, or from takeaways.
This place ticks a lot of boxes, giving diners a good representation of authentic Turkish dishes.
Overall, we said: "it was a lovely lunch, and a steal at the bargain price of £6.50 for 2 courses and I recommend that you go if you are in the area and hankering for something different and good.
I think I'd like to return one evening to see what the rest of the menu is like...or just to grab a lahmacan or 5 to take away.

When I first discovered the Turkish Kitchen a couple of years ago, it didn't look anything particularly special from the outside.
I find this is very common with the places serving the most authentic food.
Recently the frontage has been spruced up, but thankfully the food remains at the same high standard.
As the name suggests, it's a real family affair & you feel like a guest at their house eating home-cooked food, lovingly prepared and representing the best Turkish cuisine has to offer.
It is also priced to suit most people's pockets & I really hope it stays that way.
I can't wait to visit again!

My friend has been telling me of the amazing food delights available in this tucked away little restaurant for a long time now.
On a recent Friday night I found myself a couple of pints in and in need of some good food with little fuss.
Wandering along from the west end of rose street and really not in the mood for pub grub I remembered about the tall tales of amazing food and inexpensive prices, so I dragged the missus in for some meze.
The decor is simple and straight forward and the restaurant clean and presentable.
I am guessing the man that greeted us with a smile was the owner, as he seemed to take great pride in telling us about the food.
He made us feel welcome and was happy to adjust the meze platter to be veggie.
Good start all in.
On taking in the surroundings a little more I realised the other tables all seemed to be turkish people enjoying food and mint tea.
This is always a good sign for me.
Our food arrived and wow a giant plate of what was definately home made salads, hummous, pickles and meze.
The Sarma and Zulma in particular were excellent.
All this was served with home made pita breads.
Big thumbs up all round.
When we went to pay I thought the meze platter was £8 a head it turns out this was for us both, so including drinks we had a great meal for £10!!
Bearing in mind this was a friday night and easily for bad pub food you are looking at a tenner a head or more.
The bench mark is now set for me in terms of turkish food and I will be back next time I find myself in this end of town.

The best hummus I've ever had.
Best even better than what I've had in Israel!
I also had the Lamb with tomato, onion and mushroom.
It was all so tasty!
Great portions at  great prices.
The owner and chef is so sweet and helpful when ordering.
Dine in or take out, it is nice for both.

Turkish Kitchen was a thoroughly decent, inexpensive meal for a group of us who hadn't booked a table in the city centre on a Friday night.
On sitting we were brought some bread and the most amazingly tasty dip ever.
I need to know what's in that dip because it was the highlight of the meal.
Not very hungry, I opted for the Turkish ravioli which, despite not being listed on the menu, came with a side of salad and rice.
The sides were a bit awkward and somewhat wasteful, but were certainly tasty.
The ravioli left a lot to be desired, primarily because it was so overcooked it came apart the minute it I tried to eat it.
The taste was fine though nothing compared with my other experience with Turkish ravioli, which was such a shame because I was expecting something really fantastic.
I probably should have ordered something kebab-ey like everyone else, but I just wasn't in the mood for a meat feast.
Everyone else seemed happy with their meals, though.
One weird thing was that when we ordered beer we got glasses which appeared all different sizes and smaller than what you would expect of either a pint or a large bottle.
It was a really good option for a group looking for something cheap and cheerful but is, in my opinion, not Edinburgh's best Turkish by a long mile.

