Great Coffee!
If you are dying for a good cup of java, this is the place.
Oh so popular along the roads, streets and highways of the East Coast, Dunkin Donuts coffee is simply darn good.
Drive thru - They have a drive thru if you don't want to park and go in.
Service - Very nice, and quick overall.
I did order one of their crushed ice flavored drinks that took a bit longer, however, on subsequent visits for coffee and ice tea, nice and quick.
Location.
Easy to get to from both directions on Eastern.
Near my favorite Tide Cleaners and also the good tasting Super B Burrito.
You can always tell when an establishment is owned properly, cared for properly and staffed properly.
THis is a great place to visit!

This Dunkin Donuts location is okay... nothing more, nothing less.
I visit this one when I'm in the neighborhood and I'm absolutely dying for an iced coffee.
However, unlike another reviewer, I find this place an absolute nightmare to get in and out of.
The service is hit or miss - it sometimes seems that the person making my drink doesn't really care whether they do it right or not.
I've gotten drinks without the cream or flavored shots I've ordered.
If I request sweetener, it's usually dumped on the top and just sitting on the top of the ice.
Most locations will at least swirl the cup so things can begin to mix.
It's a real bummer when you take a swig without looking and get a gigantic, fake-sugar bezoar in your straw.
Eww.
All in all, it gets the job done.
I would never go out of my way to visit this location though.

I'm a Jersey girl, therefore LOVE the DD.
'Nuff said.

Sighs, I debated to give this a four but I took one away because of the ordinary service they put out.
I have gone to this location several times and it seems like the workers there seems discontent.
The last time I came here I could barely here the cashier talking & all I heard was him mumbling words/sentences.
Food: We have ordered several different sandwiches & toasts.
However, it never really captivates me how great it tastes.
In addition, I do love the DD munchkins & the chocolate filled donut.
yumm, only reason why I keep coming back :)

When you need some generic, lightly-flavored, but not burnt corporate coffee, Dunkin Donuts is good enough.
If you likely your coffee sugary and creamy, it's the place to be.
If you want donuts--they're good enough.
If you want bagels--they're good enough (well, a little doughy, but they're bagels, I guess).
I like Dunkin Donuts.
I like good enough (some days).

4 stars for coffee.
Its good, its cheap.
I have them make it with extra cream and 3 splendas.
I especially like the hazelnut one.
2 stars for their breakfast items.
I rarely come here but everytime I do, I forget the disappointment I had with whatever breakfast item I ordered last time.
Seriously they all suck and maybe if I put it in writing, maybe I will finally remember to pass up the "food" next time.
Kinda like typing out my notes when I was in school, that helped me quite a bit.
We shall see...
The egg is that disgusting pre-made, pre-formed stuff.
The bacon is skimpy and the cheese looks like it was melted like yesterday.
Shame on me for letting this happen at least 3 or 4 times now.
I'll try to remember to just stick with the coffee.

I am so glad they built this Dunkin when I am craving their coffee or munchkins.
The layout to get around this place is so bizarre.
Obviously an architect drop out designed this place.
But, if I am able to get my Dunkin iced coffee in the summer and hot coffee in the winter, it's all good.
None of that snooty overpriced Starbucks for me, I am a Dunkin girl all the way!
Always quick and pleasant service, and I have never received my order wrong.

The drive thru is confusing to someone that is visiting and lives out of state, you can see where people have run into the concrete mini wall (that shouldn't be there) oddly placed right in the sharp curve of the drive thru line.
Food was good though!

The girl in charge Annette was kicking butt at how she handled all orders but the other bozos were joking around she had to get their attention multiple times while we stood in line and in the end they somehow still managed to get my pregnant wife's order wrong wow talk about good service I should have just gone to crispy creme donuts instead well lesson learned

This was a quick stop to pick up some K Cups.
We love their coffee.
It's especially nice to make it at home.
Since the K Cups were on sale, why not pick more up?
It was later in the evening and I think the guy who was working had a bad day.
I had asked him a few questions with a short and rude response.
I'm thinking, "Sorry, didn't mean to bother you at your job".
We've all had those days but he was old enough to keep it professional to customers.
Other than that, the ordering area and tables were clean and tidy.
I'll probably stop back in if I need something but this location is just ok.

how can it not has twisted cheddar bagel?
even the smallest DD shop in airport has them, so disapointed

