In conjunction with First Friday, this first time spectacle generated a ton of buzz and alot of people came out to see the burning of Lucky Lady Lucy, signifying a new beginning and a stronger sense of community in Las Vegas.
The media was also on hand and up in the air as well, as was the Po-Po and the fire department to ensure everything went as planned.
Props to the people who constructed Lucky Lady Lucy who was also dressed for the occasion sporting a skirt, bikini top, and a boa just like a Vegas Showgirl.
Props also to the Burning Man Organization, where representatives from Seattle, Portland, San Francisco, and Vegas provided the inspiration and entertainment for the evening which was cool at first, but seemed to drag on just a bit too long.
People started to bail little by little, which was cool with me, cause my view got better!
They also put on a fire show of flame throwing and hula hoop spinning.
They also took a page from Polynesian fire knife dancing and poi bowl twirling and did their own creative version of it.
Next came a ghetto style burning man opera which was kinda entertaining, but some of the crowd got restless as more time passed, and grandma who was in the crowd led a chant of "Burn that b@#!h" others seemed to go the Jim Morrison route and scream "c'mon baby light my fire!
" After all the entertainers were cleared out, Unlucky Lucy was stripped down, set up with burn gel, dowsed with kerosene, then the CEO of Zappo's lit the fuse which created not a blaze, but more of a creeping fire, and when it hit Sally's crotch area, a spectator got everyone rolling by saying "she's got a burning sensation between her legs!.....Yeast infection????
"....always a comedian in the crowd!
A few minutes later Sally was totally engulfed in flames, and before you know it, she was extra crispy.....THE END!.......ALOHA!!!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(190/365) " Burn Baby Burn!

I think the best way to describe this event will be to tell you guys that I felt that I'm back in the playa for a few hours !
Thank you for a great night !
My review is for the main event and for the after party !!

With the 2012 Burning Man ticket fiasco this event was as close as I'm going to get to the playa this year.
Fortunately it was so good and so full of energy that the only thing I ended up missing was a good dust storm and having to wash playa dust out of my clothes.
If the Dancetronauts come back to Vegas, they are worth taking the time to go see.
When Lucky Lady Lucy fell and they kicked the amplifiers on and those massive Community speakers started thumping, it was like someone flipped on a transporter beam and put you right smack in the middle of Burning Man.
5 Stars for one of the best events I've attended in Vegas to date.

