I'm so happy to have a Five Guys near us now.
This is located in the plaza near Target, Jimmy John's, and the old Costco (now becoming a Winco).
It is a classic Five Guys setup with peanut bags and all.
When we went, it was crowded but service was efficient.
We sat in the back and enjoyed the music and watching people use the fancy new Coke machines.
The burgers and fries were delicious and we enjoyed it very much.

This was my first and only Five Guys experience, so this review is just based on this specific location.
My whole family went on a Sunday afternoon, and it wasn't super busy, but there were quite a few people there.
Our food came out pretty fast, but half of our burgers were wrong.
The place was clean and up-kept, I'm mostly disappointed by the food.
I didn't think the taste was worth the pretty penny, or the portion.
It wasn't awful, I just wasn't impressed and I wouldn't think of this place to suggest to anyone.

This place is the BOMB!
I could eat there everyday and not get tired of their food, the best burgers and fries ever.. Not alot of other choices than burgers but that's what Five Guys is all about!
The place was clean, the service was wonderful.
I had the double burger with Cajun fries, they give you alot of the price and there are tons of different soda choices too you can be Sir Mix alot and make your own creation with your drink!

Five guys definitely has some decent burgers and fries.
I love that you can add a mess load of toppings and the burgers are huge!
(if it's your first time, know that the regular burger is 2 patties and the little is 1.
Didn't know that my first time!
)  I usually get A1 sauce, jalapenos, mushrooms, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, grilled onions and cheese on my burger which tastes exactly how I like.
The problem for me is that they always wrap the burger in aluminum foil!!
By the time you sit down and open it, the bun is soggy, mishapen, and the whole thing is not as good.
-_- I wish they would just wrap it how they do at In-n-out.
The fries are really good.
I like them better than the in-n-out ones.
Definitely go for the cajun spices.
Makes the fries way better!

Didn't end up eating here because the cashiers were sooooooo slow.
Brother and I stood in line for 10 minutes with two other people in front of us.
They had simple orders but cashiers were too busy chatting it up amongst themselves.
Guys cooking burgers also looked dirty, gave my brother the 'let's leave' glance and never looked back.

I had read somewhere that Five Guys have the best burgers around so I was out doing errands and stopped by to get a takeout for lunch at the Power Rd., Mesa store..
This was my first time in the restaurant.
What's with the huge bags of potatoes when you first walk in??
I turned right when I should have turned left trying to get to the counter around the bags and there were so many tables crammed in, it was hard to maneuver through.
I got a regular burger, which is really a double burger...should have got the small burger with one patty.
Okay, so it is a pretty large burger and they have a lot of free toppings.
It COULD be a great burger...but, they fold them too tightly in aluminum foil and the guy literally smashed the bun to a skinny mushy mess.
The fries could be really great too if they weren't so over salted.
I wouldn't mind ordering them again and asking for no salt.
After I got my order, I tried to get out of the place.
I wondered..should I go back through the order line against the wall that is all closed in with huge stacks of bags..no, couldn't do that because a long line had gathered...so again worked my way through the tables, everybody trying to move for me.

Went here for lunch today.
Ordered two burgers and a large cajun fry to share.
We waited for about 15mins for our food.
Normally we would not have minded but we were the ONLY people in the place.
When we got our food our fries were not cajun so we brought them back to the counter.
The gentleman at the counter, larger guy with glasses, asked us if we want them remade, we said yes.
Then he said, "Actually, here is some seasoning" He gave us one container of cajun seasoning.
We said we would prefer them remade, it tastes great fresh and with the seasoning.
At that point, he was ignoring us so we just went back to our table and began eating.
I'm not impressed with their lack of customer service.
We ordered something, we should get it.
I've had much better service at the location on Val Vista and Baseline at Dana Park.
I would drive the extra miles to get great service and quality food.

This is basically how my experience goes when I visit a Five Guys.
*opens bag* "Want some burger with those fries?
"  However I can't complain.
Fries are bombastic and the burgers are amazing.

OMG great burger w/everything on it.
Liked it better than In and Out.
Liked to play with the soda machine; lol.
Wish we had one in Hawaii, I would buy a franchise, anyone want to get in with me?

"No.
I don't want 5 guys.
5 guys are the guys who can't get no love from me.
Servin' up some ok fries, but the price sky high.. ya won't hear no hollerin' from me!
"  Between the sloppy staff, the hard to swallow prices, and the OMITTANCE OF CHEESE, which made my bacon burger even HARDER to swallow, this Five Guys location gets a whopping 2 stars.
That being said, I think I would have been happier with a Whopper.
The only redemption to this meal, which was had on really ugly tables, and super uncomfortable seats, was the glut of french fries.
I allegedly had a hot dog too, but it was obviously quite forgettable, because the only detail I really remember from the hot dog was explaining to the broad who took my order that "everything on a hot dog *doesn't mean lettuce..."  I'll go satisfy my appetite with something spectacular....... elsewhere.

Probably the Best Burger place I have been to in AZ.
I LOVE Burgers and will not pass up a Burger place.
I came here and was suprised they gave free peanuts to mucn on while your waiting in line.
The Cooks look serious at what they do, but looks like their having fun too.
I like the Happy Fast enviroment in there.
The Burgers are Bigger than regular fast food burgers.
Tastes Better too.
They use Peanut oil.
But the burgers are great and they offer sauted mushrooms and onions.
Lots of ways to customize your burger.
Wouldnt change anything unless you can make a 5lb burger.

Be sure to insert ear plugs before getting out of your car near this place!
The manager must be deaf and all his help will be after working there for any length of time.
You can hear the constant music and throbbing beat from the street.
You might want to turn an assisted living accessories before entry just in case.
My suggest: call in and have a brain dead overstrung ear budded young person go pick up your burgers.
Yes the burgers are good.
Bet the franchise would love to have the traffic In & Out has but they never will because the prices are to HIGH and the MUSIC is deafening.

The food is great big juicy burgers, may need to share.
The staff is fun and very helpful.
A bit on the pricey side

Nummy.
LOVE 5 guys.
Best burgers.
Fries are pretty good.

Over priced and underwhelmed.
The burger was ok the only memorable item was the bacon.
The fries which I watched come out of the frier were forgettable.
For a better meal at half the price I will stick to in n out.

Value for your money.
Hamburgers are huge and delicious.
No kid menu so plan on sharing if you have little ones.
I prefer to little burger fully loaded.
It's no so little fully loaded.
No extra charge for toppings such as grilled mushrooms or onions.
The peanuts are nice little snack while waiting.
The French fries are nothing to brag about.

I was not expecting this place to cost so much.. My meal alone was $13.60!!!
It's ridiculous that there's no combo or anything to knock off a few bucks.
Although, I had the burger, and all I could think was "I can't believe this cost me $13.60 but damn this is a good burger..." It was delicious, but not for the price of an entree at the Cheesecake Factory.
This place is ridiculously over-priced.
Good luck staying in business.

Go "all the way" with ur burger if u know what I mean.
Delicious.

Decided to give it a try "which was the first mistake" got a burger with bacon and cheese.
Its amazing that how you can take a patty of beef and scare out all the flavor so it resembles something like ground up cardboard.
The bacon seemed like it was sitting around for 3 days.
I had to overpay for this ?????
I wont be back

good burgers and service but disappointed  in the cheese.
everything else tastes so fresh and they even post which farm the potatoes come from.
the processed cheese didn't fit and was gross.

Lets get the bad out of the way first, the prices.
They seem to be pretty expensive for a burger joint.
With that being said I love the food!
Burgers are the best!!
Love the fried too!

Worst berger ever.
Got our order wrong twice  paid too much.
Could have got two mcdoubles and had better food

Good burger today.
Ordered a small burger with bacon and cheese plus the free condiments, like Frank's Hot Sauce and sliced jalapeños.
My wife has gluten issues, so we ordered a lettuce wrap for her, with pickles, tomatoes and spreads.
They forgot her tomatoes.
When you don't get much on your burger, you want want you order.
Fries are always good at 5 Guys.

I come with my wife about 4 times a month, its our favorate place to eat hamburgers!
Although, a little pricey, the service and food makes up for it!
Came in today for lunch and they had a line out the door (like usual) and was served in a very timely manner.
The staff was staying busy and the restraunt is always spot on clean.
The manager put on a show by being all over the place, he was very fast and extremely helpful not only to his staff but everyone in the store.
I recommend this place to everyone.
They serve hot dogs and hamburgers with countless topping items!
Also there fries are to die for, I always get the spicey cajun!

How in the world does this place not have at least 4 stars.
I have yet to find a better tasting burger in the valley.
Yes it's a little expensive $25 for two people, but it's great to go every once in a while.
Every order is to-go.
They give you a drink cup full of frys and drastically overflow your cup so that the whole bottom of the bag is basically frys.
A little greasy, buy delicious if you like a little grease in your food.
In-N-Out is walking distance from my house, but when I have a burger craving I always go to five guys.
Get Cajun seasoning on the frys Toppings are free Soooo many frys!
:D Mmmm..  Go get a burger already!

