The Station had a successful grand opening.
We are local and have been watching the remodel progress waiting for the now open sign.
We went in for dinner on day 2 of their grand opening.
The portions were large and each of the 3 types of different meals ordered were very tasty (chicken & burgers).
The homemade baked beans were yummy too.
We're looking forward to trying out the lunch menu.
Hopefully they will have enough success that they open for breakfast in the future.
We could use a great breakfast place close by.

I drive by The Station everyday and have been waiting for it to open.
My family & I went to dinner and it was good.
I had the honey chipotle chicken with cole slaw & fries and it was very good!
Kids meals are great, they offer fruit or fries and come with a drink for about $5 I think it was.
My kids ate almost everything!
The atmosphere is nice and kid friendly.
We will be back !
One suggestion...a diaper changing station on the women's restroom :)

Waited a long time for The Station to reopen.
We went in for lunch the other day and had a burger and a wrap.
The food was OK but not exceptional.
The wait was abysmal.
The service problem did not appear to lie with the waitress; it would appear that the kitchen is either terribly understaffed, very disorganized or the cook(s) haven't had much experience in running a commercial kitchen.
The decor is pretty much rustic western and the furnishings are acceptable.
I'm afraid at this point I can't really rave about the food like the other reviewers have but I didn't see anything really outstanding here.
I'll give it another try for dinner some time but if the service doesn't improve, I will probably take my business elsewhere.

We just tried The Station for the first time last night.
The delicious smell of the parking lot when we got out of the car told us that we definitely were going to enjoy our meal.
I got the salmon which was excellent and perfectly cooked.
My husband got the ribeye which was cooked well but a little on the fatty side even for a ribeye.
The flavor was amazing.
We finished with the cookie skillet which was incredible.
Our service was fast and friendly which isnt too common in our area.
Pricing was right on par.
We will definitely be back!

Love this place!
Food is excellent and worth the little wait for fresh made-to-order  food!
Service was excellent - every staff member acknowledged us and made us feel welcome!

The friday night fish fry is fabulous!!
Great service.
Great outside seating area.

Great atmosphere, great music, great food and great service.
In fact, when we left our car battery was dead and the owner of The Station went to his house and got his jump box and jump started our car.
Very cool guy.

The food, the service, and the ownership of this establishment is HORRIBLE!
DO NOT GO to The Station.
They were out of multiple dishes and waited a long time for our food.
Once our food came out we were told some of us wouldn't have what we ordered.
The manager told us he would credit our meals were effected.
30 minutes later the owner comes out and tells us to basically go pound sand and nothing was credited.
As a business owner very poor service.This was a repeated experience from 2 weeks ago but far worse.
Staff expressed how unhappy they are with ownership.

A very oddly configured restaurant/bar, it looks like they added rooms after the fact and did not plan the overall flow/floor plan out.
The outdoor patio also looks like furnishing was an afterthought.
Our waitress was super nice, but just not very good.
Food and drinks too forever to come and were wrong more than once - chicken delivered not beef; salad order missing; drinks re-ordered.
Food is mediocre at best.
No one loved what they had and nothing stood out warranting a return visit.
Can't see going out of my way to coming back or recommending The Station.

Found this place while looking for a non-chain restaurant in Anthem.
They had good fresh food, beer specials and excellent service.
Cody was our server and it is rare to see someone his age with such a great work ethic- it was refreshing!
I'd recommend checking it out if your looking to break out of the city for a night!

great place to eat fresh food, prepared to order

An outstandingly good surprise--worth stopping if you're driving through.
Lots of little touches like natural meats spice up the traditional fare.

I don't give five stars lightly but this place deserves it.
Went with a group of 8 family in town, old folks, little kids, etc.
Everybody was very pleased.
We had the best friday fish fry I've ever had in Phoenix.
Fish was fresh, fries fresh, beer cold, my son had a chicken breast dish that was outstanding, perfectly cooked.
Service was excellent and a guy playing guitar not too loud was fun.
We were placed out on the patio which wasn't my first choice with my elderly mom in town, but it turned out terrific and nice fun atmosphere.
Manager or owner came by to check if we were having a good time.
In the Anthem area right now I'd say this is probably the best bar food/casual dining place you can get.
Not lightning fast food service because I think everything's fresh, but the place was packed and we didn't wait more than about 15 minutes for food.

I have no clue on when I came to this place.
so I guess it was meh.

I came here for breakfast b/c we live right in anthem.
Unfortunately I am writing this a good few weeks after so I can't remember the name of my dish but I remember it was pretty good.
It had chicken/turkey sausage and was cooked well.
Great outdoor sitting area.
There were a whole lot of bikers out having a lot of fun so that is always a good sign.
The waitress was really nice.
The menu isn't very big so if you are looking for variety, this isn't the place.
I think it's good when you don't have a lot since it means better food usually.
Great spot with fun people.

Fish fry was excellent.
Place has really cleaned up from when we had our wedding reception 10 years ago here.
Thanks for the dessert ;)

I don't think this place is open any more.
Hubby and I drove past it last evening (Wed) and no lights were on.
Today I called their number and it is no longer in service.
Last time we ate there, the food was tasty and reasonable priced.
I am sad if it's closed.

As of October 2013, the Station is once again closed and up for sale.
We'll see who, if anyone, tries to make a go of it here again.

