Spectrum Dermatology in Scottsdale,AZ is to be commended,not only for its welcoming staff,  but for it's wonderful  bed side- mannered leader, Dr.Kim, who I have had the pleasure of meeting on two occasions.
If I was impressed with her during my first visit, I am even more so today.
She is gracious and knowledgable along with having a magnetic but tranquil demeanor that puts nervous clients, like myself,at ease.
With Dr.Kim,there is no wasted motion or high  pitched up selling  of products,just laser beamed proficiency that addresses your problems quickly and for a reasonable cost.
I whole heartedly recommend her and proudly add my name to the growing list  of her many satisfied customers.
Gene D

Wow I have never met a doctor like Dr. Kim.
She is so sweet and compassionate.
I had a small scar on my back and went to see Dr. Kim.
She asked if she could do a skin exam and I said yes.
She did a quick body skin exam and everything was great thank god.
She is helping reduce the scar size on my back and is so gentle with any shot or anything she gives.
I have a huge needle phobia and her nurse even held my hand LOL can you believe that?
I know I sound 10, but it worked!
I give them an A+.
I would recommend her to anyone.
They really know what they are doing!

I went to Dr. Kim because she was under my insurance policy, close to my work and office, and had great reviews on Yelp.
I was also able to make an appointment with her during my lunch time so I wouldn't have to be away from work a week ahead of time.
I've tried making appointments else where before and the wait to see the actual doctor can be months.
My appointment was right on time, love when that happens.
Her assistant was really nice and helpful and so was Dr. Kim.
She helped to prescribe and recommend a few products and tried to give me the generic option when possible which is great.
I also appreciated that she didn't try to sell me on other products or give me anything that was unnecessary.
I will definitely be going back to Dr. Kim in the future for all my dermatology needs.

Really like Dr Rubinzik.
Great efficient practice, doesn't keep you waiting forever.
Clean office, kind and efficient doctor.
What else would you need?

Spectrum Dermatology seems to be focusing on the aesthetic line of their business rather than their core business of dermatology.
I'm sure this is a more profitable area for them.
Rather than address several of my questions, Dr Rubenzik suggested I talk to their aesthetician.
Dr. Rubenzik even pushed several products rather than giving me a prescription for a product I could fill at the pharmacy for a lower copay.
Needless to say, I don't plan to go back to Spectrum Dermatology again.

Great place and great customer service!
I really like the facility and how well the take care of you.
I would definitely recommend this facility for anyone looking for a dermatologist.

Before I start raving about Dr. Kim, let me first start off with my experience with another dermatologist in Biltmore.
First off, I was only able to see that dermatologist in Biltmore once as it seemed like it was run by her less experienced physician assistants (PAs) who were unimpressive when it came to knowledge and bedside manner.
When I did see the dermatologist, it was very brief/direct and she seemed somewhat impersonal.
The worst part was having to wait nearly an hour in a crowded waiting room even though it was for a follow-up with a PA.
Since I really did not have significant skin needs at the time, I accepted the rather mediocre service and went along my merry way.
It wasn't until I decided to get a mole removed that started to hunt for a new dermatologist.
I found Dr. Kim on Yelp and I am a huge fan.
:)  She is such a refreshing change!
The very first visit, she sat down and talked not only about my concerns but also was interested in knowing about me personally.
She may look young, but if you read her bio, her achievements and education are quite impressive!
On top of everything, she is punctual yet presents herself in a very calm, professional manner.
I also had one visit with her PA, Juliette, whom I found very informative and helpful.
I would highly recommend Dr. Kim if you are looking for a dermatologist.

